Hi,

This is lucky and my sister anjali is going to tell you our story. I had just come home for the summer. My parents dropped me off and I headed inside and to my room. As I sat on my bed I thought damn is this summer gonna suck. I missed all the fun I had at college and especially all the boys. I stood up and looked at myself in the full length mirror. My body was looking good, I had worked real hard that whole year with the sports I took. My legs were like rocks the thigh muscles were like tree trunks and my tits and ass were enough to have any man drooling. I started to undress and while I was undressing I lost control and started caressing myself. I slid my hands down my belly into my already wet underwear. I slipped my finger into my pussy and started to rub my clit. Man it felt so good, I started going faster and faster. Then out of nowhere came a knock on my door... I froze like a deer in headlights.

Who is it...??

It's me lucky...can I come in?? In a minute I exclaimed...I quickly grabbed the kimono I got as a going away present and threw it on. I loved the feel of the silk on my naked body. Come on in...

Lucky came in and sat down on my bed as we sat facing each other me sitting Indian style. I always thought he had a crush on me. He is just a year younger at 18. Anyway he asked what college was like cause he was going there in the fall. I told him a lot about the parties and my new friends. Then he hit me with the one question I knew was coming. Did you have sex at school?? Of course, I said oh, I can not wait to go to school I am still a virgin and I wanna have sex so bad. you a virgin lucky, you couldn't be. Your a good looking fellow hell if you weren't my brother I would fuck you. You would!!! He said as his chin hit the floor. Yeah, I would... As I said that my body began to heat up and that feeling between my legs started to come again. I without realizing switched my position and must have given him quite the show cause he damn near fainted. I told I'm to calm down a little and gave him a passionate kiss on the lips and said that's the end of lesson one. Goodnight lucky.

As lucky left I got up and slipped my robe off and pulled out my vibrator that I had bought at school and started to masturbate with it. I shoved it in my pussy thinking about lucky and his cock being in there. It felt so good and I was so into it. Now unbeknownst to me lucky had a peep hole cut into the wall and he was watching me masturbate as he was masturbating. I came real hard and then a heard a moan that was not my own. That's when I knew that he was watching me. I then shut off my light and went to bed... The next morning...

I had breakfast. I started thumbing through the employment pages of the paper. I then noticed my brother had walked into the room with a full hard on. He must not have noticed, believe me I did. I told myself to look away but I couldn't. Then my mother spoke up and said that they would be leaving shortly for the weekend and that we were not to have any parties. Yeah right...I thought. I then asked lucky if he had any plans for the weekend.

"no" was his reply "why??"

"just wondering" I replied. "so did you enjoy the show last night?"

"you saw me. I'm so sorry its just that you are so beautiful and I couldn't help myself."

"that's okay lucky, I liked that you were watching, maybe later we could go upstairs and I could strip for you."

Lucky had a huge smile on his face which I know meant hell yeah. So after my mom and dad left I went upstairs with john. I turned on some music and slowly started to dance for him. I started by undressing from the top down. I knew he was game cause the smile on his face was ear to ear and the boner in his pants you could have broke a rock over it. So in my lingerie I walked over to him and started grinding his cock with my ass. I took both of his hands and placed them on my tits and he squeezed them gently yet firm enough for me to have shivers run down my spine. I was gonna cum right their on his lap then he kissed my neck and sucked on my ear. I was in heaven. I turned around and faced him and we kissed passionately I had my hands on his back and I was scratching him hard and bucking up and down on his cock which I knew needed to come out of those pants. Then he lifted me up and put me on his bed and stripped off the rest of his clothes and I took off my clothes.

His cock was bigger than I imagined it was. I saw him start kissing my belly and then he worked his way down to my pussy and by then I was ready to come again but I held out and he started tonguing my pussy and clit, it was great. Lucky then made his way back up and then he placed that huge member at the entrance of my pussy. He lifted my legs so that my calves were resting against his chest then he entered me slowly. I didn't think he would fit. He did though, and man did it feel good too. He fucked my pussy hard and fast. My tits were bouncing around and swaying in the wind. Lucky fucked my pussy for a few minuets then he rolled me over and then fucked me doggie style. This is when I took over and bounced hard against his cock, lucky was getting winded you could tell. He made a few deep hard strokes then pulled it out and shot streams of hot jism on my back. He then rolled over and laid on his back while I sucked his beautiful cock clean. We rested their for awhile.

