/
This story is a sex fantasy.  It contains some explicit descriptions of sex acts.  If you are not of legal age, do not read this story.


Mary Ellen Goes on Vacation  Chapt 3


Links to chapters one and two:

Mary Ellen Goes on Vacation Ch1::http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/JimBob/Mary%20Ellen%20Goes%20on%20Vacation/Mary%20Ellen%20Goes%20on%20Vacation%20%20Ch%201.txt

Mary Ellen Goes on Vacation Ch2 ::http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/JimBob/Mary%20Ellen%20Goes%20on%20Vacation/Mary%20Ellen%20Goes%20on%20Vacation%20%20%20Ch%202.txt





 

When Mary Ellen and Bob and Yvonne went swimming, Bob could hardly keep his eyes off of Yvonne's almost naked body.  The already tight little bikini seemed to shrink even smaller after it got wet.  Bob cast a very appreciative gaze on that lissome figure as Yvonne made sure to show it off to it's best advantage.  In the battle of the bathing suit, Mary Ellen was out manned, out gunned and out every other thing.  At nine years old, she was straight every where that Yvonne was curvy.  She noticed this right away.  Not only was her figure not in the same class as Yvonne's, her little girl bikini was meant to cover and not reveal her modest charms.  She was totally out classed, and she knew it.

Yvonne took advantage of every opprotunity to flaunt her much more obvious charms to Bob.  He , being the male jerk that he was, fell for it.  Mary Ellen was almost totally  ignored.  When she could stand it no longer, she pleaded a stomach ache, and went into her cabin to sulk, and lick her wounds.  Bob, being the fickle little shit that he was, made a move on this willing older girl, and they got out of the water and headed off into the woods to visit the love nest.  Bob didn't even look back.  Had he done so, he would have seen a stricken and heart broken Mary Ellen standing in her doorway looking after him. 

As the pair crossed the road and entered the woods, Mary Ellen started to turn away, tears over losing  her eyes. Then she saw a car turning into the resort parking lot.  It parked, and a man and a teen age boy got out and started walking toward their cabin door.  Mary Ellen hastilly brushed the tears away as they neared the door.

"Are you the one we see about the cabin we have reserved?"  The man asked.  When his son said something to him, he amended his question.  "Little girl, can you tell me who I should see to show us to our cabin?"  Mary Ellen could see Bob's daddy coming across the yard toward them so she just said, "There!"  And she pointed to Bob's father.  The man turned and walked away, but the boy stopped and stood there and eyed Mary Ellen in her little swim suit through the screen door.  He looked her up and down and his gaze lingered so long on her bikini clad hips that Mary Ellen started to blush.


"Hi, What's your name?"  The boy suddenly asked, as his eyes flicked to her face, and back to her bikini.  

"Mary Ellen."  she said as she returned his gaze.  He's cute, she thought as she studied him back. 

How old are you, Mary Ellen?"

"Ten!"  Mary Ellen fudged a little on her age.  She asked him, "What's your name and how old are you?"  He's really cute, she thought.

"I'm Jim and I'm sixteen, and I think you are a really cute girl!"  He answered.  "Would you go swimming with me when we get the car unpacked and I find my swim suit?"

Mary Ellen blushed a deeper red.  "Sure!"  She said.  "Can I help you unpack your car?" 

Jim's dad answered for him as he was picking jim up to go back to the car,  "Sure, little girl, we can always use a cute girl like you.  Come on over to cabin four." 

So Mary Ellen helped lug suitcases and boxes in to a cabin much like her's.  When they were done, Jim unpacked his swin suit and put it on while Mary Ellen waited out by the lake.  Jim was almost six feet tall, and they made a very mismatched pair as the tall boy and the shorter girl walked hand in hadn down the pier to junp off the end hand in hand.  Jim barely went under, and when he stood, he had a willing Mary Ellen in his arms.  Her bra had been knocked askew by her jump, and her left nipple was exposed below  where the bra had flipped up.    As she attempted to get a hand up to fix it, Jim said, "let me!"  Mary Ellen let him.  Jim's method was to raise her in front of his face, catch the offending garmet in his teeth and pull it down.  Only Mary Ellen knew that her little nipple had been licked to instant erection by Jim's tongue before the bra was pulled down over it.  Any one watching from shore would have seen only their backs, and Mary Ellen's little shriek of pleased surprise would have been mixed with all her other yells and laughter.  Little girls do that when swimming and being lifted and tossed around by bigger boys and men, and who is to know if those are cries of surprise and shock at indecent advances, or just the cries of excitement of being tossed about?

Jim picked Mary Ellen up with a hand under her belly, and a hand holding her feet and gave her a push toward the diving platfoem about thirty feet out in the lake.  Mary Ellen swam out to it but was beaten easily  by Jim, who had swam almost the entire way under water.  He was on the platform lying in the sun on his back.  Mary Ellen stopped halfway up the ladder.  Jim was lying so his bulging swim suit was in full view from the ladder.  It was plain and easy to see that he had a "big one" as Mary Ellen thought to hrtself.  She had seen her Daddy both erect and at rest, and she thought Jim would be his match.  She climbed out of the water and lay on her stomach next to Jim, but down a little so she could still see the bulge.  Did it suddenly twitch?  Mary Ellen lifted her head a little so she could see it better.  There it was again!  It definately twitched!  She forgot herself, and lifted her head to watch...

"You like my cock?"  

Mary Ellen Jumped.  Busted!  She had an answer though.  "Did you like my boob?" 

"Oh yes!  How about you get on the other side of me.  On your back?" 

"Sure!"  Mary Ellen was quick to comply.  She was no sooner down and hidden from shore by his much larger body than Jim's big hand swept up her chest and her little bra was left well above those little breast buds.  Naked, on her back, her chest showed some small signs of impending development.  A small mound was rising under each lovely pip, which in her excitement had hardened and risen to a small little nipple.  Jim reached over and fingered and squeezed each hard little nipple, making them even harder.    Mary Ellen gasped with pleasure.  

A moment later, Jim abandoned her nipples, and as if reading her mind, one big hand slid down over her fluttering tummy and under the little scrap of materias that barely covered her mound.  Her gasp of shock turned to one of pleasure as a big finger dug into her cleft and found and caressed her clit to full erection and then went on to search out her hole, wet with her love juices at this point.  Mary Ellen moaned as the finger stretched her hole as it entered where only Bob's little cock had gone before.  When Jim felt the finger was in far enough, he let his thumb find the erect little nub of her clit, and with a gasp, Mary Ellem was stimulated to a quick little orgasm'  Jim was working her up to another one when they heard voices on the dock.  Jim turned his head, and Mary Ellen raised hers to see Bob and Yvonne walking down the dock in their swim suits. 

"Rats!  Looks like we got company."  Jim said ashe abandoned his hold on Mary Ellen.  Mary Ellen lay there amd thought that this boy would be dropping her as soon as he got a good look at Yvonne's body in her little bikini suit.  She decided that even if, no,when she got dropped for Yvonne byJim, she wasn't going to take Bob back when Yvomme dropped him for Jim.

The pair on the dock jumped in, and the pair on the platform rolled onto their stomachs to watch them. "Anywhere we can go to be alone?"  Jim asked. 

"Sure, out in the woods.  Bob has a hidden den!"  Mary Ellen said. "I've been in it!" 

The pair in the water swam out to the diving platform.  They climbed on it, Yvonne first.  Bob wasn't being a gentleman, he just liked to check out Yvonne's almost bare ass as she climbed the ladder.  Yvonne looked Jim over as she adjusted hersuit bottom so as to call his attention to it.  Jim ignored her.  When Bob climbed out, His eyes were on Mary Ellen.  Jim said, "Bob,  Mary  Ellen and I are going to go out in the woods and use your den for a while."  It was a statement, not a request.

Bob said "Uh, ah, okay."  

Yvonne said, "Oh, I thought we were all going to swim for a while..."  She batted her eyes at Jim,while adjusting herlittle bra to show her boobs off to a better advantage.  Jim ignored her.  He was pulling Mary Ellen to her feet.  Theyheld hands and Jumped in and swam back to the dock as Yvonne and Bob watched.

When they had climbed out of the water and dried off with towels they had left on a lawn chair, Mary Ellen said, "Wow!  I thought you would dump me like Bob did when Yvonne came along in that bikini..."

Jim took her hand to lead her into the woods.  "I think you got the cuteist little body I ever saw, and I want to see all of it.  Will you show it to me?"

"Oh, yes!  I want to show you!"  Mary Ellen took his hand and arm and pulled it close to her body as they hurried along the trail.  It would not be long now, and she would insist that he showed himself to her as she showed herself to him.

They came to the entrance to the tunnel through the seedling firs, and Mary Ellen led the way, and Jim followed, barely fitting in the small tunnel as he followed her wiggling little swimsuit clad bottom.  When they had entered the chamber and stood, Mary Ellen Immediately stripped off her tiny bra, and facing Jim, hooked her thumbs in the waist of her suit bottom, ready to slide that small cover off.  "No!  Let me!"  Jim stopped her.  She let her arms drop to her sides. 

Jim knelt before her, which put her little breast buds on a level with his eyes.  He couldn't help taking the time to pull that small chest to him and licking each tiny nipple to hard erection before he continued his exploration and 
uncovering.  He grasped the tiny Swim suit  with a hand at each hip, and slowly uncovered her little charms.   He slid that little garmet down over her hips and down her thighs to her knees, where he released them to drop around her feet.  She stepped out of them, as he clasped a firm little cheek in each hand, and pulled her willing hips toward his waiting lips.  He bent his and kissed her belly button and then her mound, and then his long tongue found her erect clit, and licked it to even harder erectness as she giggled and twisted her body to escape that unbearable sensation.  He released her and dropped one arm, keeping the other on her body to slowly spin her body around, so he could see and admire every bit of her.

"Now your turn!"  Mary Ellen said to him after two full revolutions.  She pulled him to his feet in front of her.  Only elastic at the waist held his trunks up and Mary Ellen grasped the two sides and eased it slowly down.  But she ran into an obstruction,  His cock had risen and hardened with his sex play with her, and now it would not let the front of the suit slide down.  Mary Ellen knew just what to do.  She shifted one hand and pulled the front of the suit free.  She could have sworn she heard a "SPRONG!"  when his big hard cock flopped out at her.  Even though she was a little put off by the sizs, she managed to lean down and plant a kiss on the head, and give it a suck and a quick lick or two as she slid his suit on down to his feet.  Then she knelt in front of him and gave him a blow job just as she had seen her Mom do her Dad when she had peeked into their bedroom when they were making love.  Jim's cock got even bigger and harder.  He pushed her away before he came.  He had other ideas... 

Jim got Mary Ellen into his arms, and carefully sat on the blanket she had spread out.  He held her as he kissed her lips, and then her chest, sucking each of her nipples as if to get every bit of flavor from them.  Mary Ellen sighed and moaned.  Then he stretched her out on the blanket and went down between her legs.  Mary Ellen's giggle at his tongue on her tender little clit turned to gasps of pleasure as he worked his tongue into her little cleft while he spread her legs wide, and then to little cries of pleasure as he tongue fucked her, as he put lots of saliva in and around the opening down there. He was  preparing it for his cock"s entrance. Then it was time.  Jim crawled up between Mary Ellen's legs, parting her thighs wide as his body covered hers.  His cock head was guided in between the bare lips and pushed against the opening in her hymen.  It was wet and slick with his saliva and her juices.  It pushed into her hymen, the big head opening her, spreading, tearing semi virginal flesh.  Mary Ellen groaned, then let out a little cry as the last vestages of hymen were torn apart, and the head slipped in.  "Ouch!"  said Mary Ellen at this fina and fatal attack on her virginity.  Jim was in her!  

"Sorry!" Said Jim, and he really was sorry that he had to hurt this little girl to do what he had to do to her.  Once he had started, there was no way he could stop until his desire was satisfied.  He very slowly pushed his cock into her as she made little hip and pelvis adjustments to ease it's passage.  The little girl grunted with discomfort, but there were no more cries of pain.  Jim stayed still to let Mary Ellen get used to the strange feelings she was exprtiencing.  After she was fully relaxed, he becan a slow pumping of short, slow strokes with pauses between.  Gradually the strokes began to grow longer and then faster.  As he felt her hands clasp his waist, amd them slid down to clasp his butt in her effort to direct his rythm to further her enjoyment.  Now the girl was making little gasps and moans again, but these were not to indicate pain.  The big penis head inside her massaging her "G" spot was beginning to cause much more pleasureful moments, and she was beginning to really enjoy this boy's increasingly rapid and wildly erotic stroking into her.  So this was why her parents had thrashed about in bed when she had peeked in on them when she was younger.  It all began to make sense to her now.

Jim concentrated on the tightness, and the way the little girl moved under him as she tried to match his pace and make the most of his rapid stroking.  And then everything seemed to fall into place.  The strokes went from nearly right to exactly right, and Mary Ellen felt joy she had never in her young life felt before.   The boy and girl began to move together perfectly, and both began to gasp and moan out in sexual bliss.  Mary Ellen bucked against Jim as her climax took her, and Jim was only a stroke behind her.  The two youngsters were locked in place in a strong, quivering embrace and Jim stiffened as his climax was brought on by her jerls and cries, and he surged against her as he thrust and came in great spurts of semen, once, twice, three, four long thrusts and spurts before he collapsed against her, clutching her little body tightly against his as they came down to earth agaain. 

The four kids played together in the weeks that followed, in various combinations.  All the girls and boys returned to their homes, satisfied and satiated, and every one lived happily ever after.  

End of Mary Ellen Goes on Vacation







 


 

















 


