Wade visits Piper and meets her mother.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 8 (MF, blackmail, cheat, cons, mc, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Wade. My Dad died, and I spent the next two weeks watching non-stop porn videos online, losing myself in Internet depravity until I was offered the Power of Porn. Now, the most bizarre sexual situations happen to me, as if I was living in a porno!

In one of those porn scenarios, a shoplifter fucked me so that I wouldn't call the cops on her. A couple days later, she found me and asked me out!

---

I headed out to the address Piper texted me. It was a really nice apartment building in the well-to-do part of town. After buzzing me up, she let me into her place...well, her parents' place. The opulence of the apartment was secondary to how my possibly new girlfriend or fuckbuddy looked in her tight, knitted sleeveless top, short skirt, and thigh-high stockings. Her alternating black-and-blonde hair was pulled up into two ponytails. My eyes goggled at the sight of her.

"You like?" she asked as she twirled to show off her outfit, her skirt rising a little from centrifugal force, and her ass cheeks peeked out; it seemed like she might not be wearing panties!

"Who's here, Piper?" another female voice called out from another part of the apartment.

"Shit!" Piper hissed, "I thought she went out."

An older woman whose features told me that she was Piper's mother came around the corner wearing a black bikini that showed off her toned legs, firm stomach, and C-cup breasts. After all the titflesh I had seen during my two week porn marathon, I was pretty sure that this woman's boobs were fake.

"This is Wade, Mom."

"Enchantee, Wade," the older brunette said as she approached, one hand out, palm down. "I'm Eleanor."

I took it and gave it a little shake, which made her smile. Was I supposed to kiss it? "Pleased to meet you, Eleanor."

Piper cleared her throat. "We're gonna go to my room."

"With this handsome young man? I think not, Piper. You stay in the living room."

"Mooom..."

Eleanor gave her daughter a pointed look and headed back the way she came. I tilted my head to watch her tight but also somehow round ass bounce in those bikini bottoms as she went back out to the balcony to lay down on a lounge chair. Now that I was thinking about it, Eleanor kinda looked like a brunette version of the porn star Cory Chase.

"Hello? Earth to Wade."

I tilted my head back to look at Piper.

"She's quite a MILF, huh? Every guy I know reacts like that to her; I'm used to it." She quirked her mouth and huffed. "We were gonna go fuck in my room, but now we get to watch some TV right here." She plopped her cute ass on the couch and reached for the remote.

I sat next to her as her TV loaded up the 'flix. As she scrolled, I asked her, "So are you in college? I'm in my last year in high school."

She stopped scrolling and reexamined me. "Why did I think you were older? Guess you just seem mature for your age...or it was the uniform." She gave me a sly grin as I remembered catching her shoplifting, bringing her back to the security office, and forcing her to pleasure me for her freedom. It seemed that she remembered that too, as she turned, put her feet in my lap, and made sure that her heels were rubbing up against my crotch.

I took one of her dainty stockinged feet in hand and started rubbing it. "Oh, aiming for some brownie points already, Wade? Mmm..." Her other foot kept sliding along my crotch and my penis was responding accordingly. "Yeah, I graduated last year, but I'm taking some time off to decide what I wanna do."

I continued to rub her feet, switching to the other one while Piper scrolled through a bunch of movies. Finally, she said, "Oh, I know..." and started up an action movie. She then craned her neck to make sure her Mom was still on her lounge chair, grabbed the throw blanket off of the back of the couch, and used it to cover everything from our chests down. Now hidden from sight, she pulled her legs back and I felt her reach down for my crotch.

I moved my hand up to her small breasts and massaged them through her top as she freed my erection.

"Did you get bigger?" she asked as she stroked my length.

I actually had, somehow, by about an inch since she last touched it, but I couldn't explain...I just shrugged.

"Lean into me," she urged me, and moved her ass closer to my lap as she leaned away. It took some awkward movements, but then she was able to slip my cock between her thighs. With my chest against her back, I began thrusting between them.

The movie had already started getting loud with gunfire. That was good, as Piper was whining in pleasure. I continued massaging her little boobs, finding her hard nipples through the fabric.

After a bit, our bodies lined up perfectly and my cock slipped into her pussy. I felt her body shake in orgasm. "Nngk! Oh shiiit, Wade..."

I pulled Piper tighter to me as I thrust into her from below, and she turned to kiss me. Her tongue slipped into my mouth as we lip wrassled, and I realized that, even with all the sex I'd had in the last few days, this was actually only my second kiss, the one with Parvati during the timestop not counting due to her time-frozen status.

She broke the kiss. "Choke me again...that was so fucking hot..." she urged me.

I moved my hands to her neck and squeezed. I felt her pussy squeeze back.

"Harder..."

I gripped her neck tighter.

"Hhh..." she sighed. "Hllk...uggh...NGGHK!"

Suddenly her pussy clamped down on my cock HARD as she came. Her sexy body was practically spastic as she writhed in pleasure, and I could feel her tightness urging me to my own orgasm.

I quickly pulled back, remembering that Piper had asked me before not to cum inside her because she wasn't on the pill, and I barely cleared her grasping pussy before I blasted my load between her legs. "URGH! NHHH!"

I took a few seconds to recover, rolled back to a sitting position, closed my eyes, and sighed.

"What'cha watchin'?"

I opened my eyes, startled as Eleanor plopped her gorgeous, bikini-covered ass on the couch on the other side of me.

She squinted at the screen. "Oh, I know this one. I'll watch with you, okay?" She didn't wait for a response, and looked over at the throw covering both of us. "It is a bit cold in here, isn't it?" She pulled some of it over her legs. "Oh, how cute! Piper's comfortable enough with you to take a nap."

I looked over at Piper. I must have choked her a little too tightly, but could see that she was breathing fine.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

I felt a hand on my still-hard cock.

"Well, looks like someone was naughty," Eleanor said. "Tell you what, Wade, you give me some of that and I'll pretend I didn't notice." She moved her face closer, whispering, "Okay?"

I nodded.

"Oh yes..." She moved forward and took my lower lip between her teeth as she tossed the throw off of both of us. Then she released my lip and clambered into my lap. "Oh my, what a find," she marveled as she rubbed the head and shaft of my cock along her bikini-clad crotch. "Mmm..."

I reached around and unfastened Eleanor's bikini top to free her porn-class boobs, which she then thrust into my face. I took one of her gumdrop nipples into my mouth, licking and sucking at it.

"Ohh..." she moaned, and I felt her fumbling down below. Then she lifted up and took half of my cock inside her hot pussy as she went back down. "Je-heezus, Wade...my daughter knows how to pick 'em..." She pulled up and pushed back down a couple more times, and then I was fully embedded in her hot MILF-y depths. "Ohmigawd..." she whined as she paused to get used to my size.

I switched to her other nipple and took a hold of her hips, pulling them toward me and grinding our crotches together in order to swirl my thickness inside her. I felt her pussy grip me in a small orgasm, and a few seconds later she started to bounce hard on my cock.

"So...big...Wade..." she moaned in time with her movements. I figured that her husband's cock must be smaller than average.

After some more boobplay, I moved my fingers down to play with her clit and she gasped.

"Ohh...I'm gonna cum hard...soo...hardd..." She bounced upon me harder. "Yes...yess..." Then she arched her back and howled as she came, "YEEESSS!!"

I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock -- like mother, like daughter! -- and my own orgasm surprised me with its speed. "Get off..." I started, but Eleanor wrapped her arms about me, burying my face between her breasts as she continued to cum. "Mmf..." I groaned into her cleavage as my sperm-filled semen burst into her fortysomething-year-old reproductive system.

"AAAH! OHH!" she cried out as she shook in pleasure atop me, her spasming insides urging all of my second orgasm of the day to penetrate her hot depths.

Finally, she collapsed upon me. After a few seconds, she kissed me passionately. "Such a good boy..." she commented, sounding a lot like my stepmother. As she pulled off of me, she gasped. "Oh dear, you WERE naughty, cumming inside." Then she seemed to reconsider. "I suppose I didn't give you much of a choice...I get so horny when I'm ovulating. Well, time to go order some 'morning-after' pills, I think. Thank you for the orgasms, Wade, and I hope that we see you around here more often." She gave me a kiss on the cheek before toddling down the hallway on unsteady legs.

"Wish I'd filmed that."

I turned to Piper, who was grinning next to me. "Um..."

"Relax, Wade...I only woke up when you were about to cum inside my Mom, but you warned her." She pulled the throw off of us, pulled up her skirt, and examined her pussy. "You didn't cum inside me, did you?"

"No, I remembered you said you weren't on the pill," I assured her as she wiped at her nethers with the throw. I had already blown some of my load on it, so it needed to be washed anyway.

Satisfied now that she had cleaned the mess up, Piper started to kiss me again, but my cock was spent. I tucked it back into my pants. "So your parents are pretty well off?" I asked her.

She rolled her eyes. "I know what you're thinking: spoiled rich girl goes shoplifting for things she doesn't need for the risk, right?"

I shrugged.

She grinned. "Well, you're right. When you caught me and made me fuck you...holy shit, what a rush! And when you choked me and almost came inside...I came so fucking hard, Wade, just like a few minutes ago. Even if you don't want to date me, please don't stop fucking me, okay? You're so good at it."

I felt a swell of pride, but then considered. Was it really me who was good at this, or was it these porn scenarios? Then I realized that something was wrong...I replayed the whole scenario in my head. The porn tune had sounded just before Piper's Mom grabbed my cock, but it hadn't before Piper and I started fucking. What did that mean?

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)