For a long moment, James and the man in camo gear stared at each other across the clearing. But then the man turned and ran.

"Stay here!" James told Alec -- though exhausted as he was, Alec couldn't exactly do anything else. James drew his gun -- old habits died hard, even out in the countryside -- and took off in pursuit.

It seemed to take forever, following the man through the woods, a surreal chase, bobbing and weaving around trunks and branches. This shouldn't be happening.

He was gaining on the man, when he turned and raised his pistol. Before he could shoot, James was in range. He didn't bother with the chest; too much chance the man was wearing body armor. One shot in the middle of the forehead; the man's head jerked back, and he collapsed forward, twitching.

Cautiously, Bond approached. He turned the corpse over and saw the logo on his fatigues.

SAS.

He'd just killed a British soldier.

But he couldn't let himself dwell on that. He suddenly realized he'd made a mistake, leaving Alec. If they'd wanted to draw him away, they'd chosen exactly the right method.

Pursuit drive. They'd sent him someone to run after.

He turned and raced back to the car, the clearing. Alec.

They must have known. Must have been watching, waiting, for exactly the moment to catch them off-guard. And he'd walked right into the trap, and taken the bait, and left Alec alone --

He returned to a scene out of a nightmare -- or nine years of nightmares. 
Alec was kneeling on the ground. Bill Tanner -- M's Chief of Staff -- was standing over him, a gun pointed at his forehead. Half-a-dozen more commandoes were surrounding them.

Time slowed to a crawl -- it seemed to take forever for Tanner to turn to him. "007 -- set the gun down and come out with your hands up. It's not -- it's not too late to stop this."

Had it been only a few months ago, Bond wondered, that he and Tanner had been at headquarters, discussing the 'evil queen of numbers'?

"Don't do anything foolish, 007."

Alec turned his head to look at him, as well. For a moment, James imagined that it was Ourumov standing there with his gun to Alec's head. But no, he reminded himself -- the man was dead. And this was a friend, an ally. A representative of the British government.

He wouldn't -- couldn't -- look at Alec, as he slowly he lowered the gun.

Tanner let out a long breath, and for one moment, his aim wavered from Alec.

Bond snapped his gun up and fired. With time as slow as it was, he had time to see the look of shock on Tanner's face as the bullet blew a third eye in the middle of his forehead.

But he was already turning, pulling the trigger twice, three times, knowing as he did so that there was no chance he could take all of the SAS soldiers before they could take him. But Alec had snatched up Tanner's gun, and at that range, he couldn't miss.

The last of the soldiers kicked his legs once more, and then lay still.

Alec let the hand with the gun drop to his side, and lurched forward.

"Alec -- are you hit?"

But no, he was only leaning forward to push himself to his feet. But he didn't have the strength. James pulled him up, held him close. But he couldn't keep from staring at Tanner's body.

"James -- I'm sorry."

He felt himself nod. "We -- we have to go. Away from here."

He helped Alec to the car. Slid in behind the wheel, and drove as fast as he could from the dead friend whose staring eyes mutely called him traitor.