I watch my Aunty with neighbor Uncle By: Ketan Well friends I'm Ketan from pune, 22 years old boy and from living with Uncle, Aunty and myself. I was studying for my examinations when this incident was happen. My uncle who works in the gulf. He comes only once a year. My Aunty Sneha is 38 years old but I must say she does not look her age. She is very fair and 5 feet tall, 60kgs and a bit bulky with a big ass and breasts. She is damn cute and beautiful, even now when she goes to the market people stare at her, but she is very modest and very strict. Now we stay in a building with two flats on a floor, and the person who stays opposite us is Uncle Raj. Uncle Raj is a business man and comes to Pune for 15 days in a month and then he returns to his family in Hyderabad. He is a garment exporter. Uncle Raj is 45 years old, and nearly 5 feet 11 inches tall and huge, he has got a big paunch or rather a pot belly. Uncle Raj and I are the best of friends, though his age; he is still young at heart. We drink together when he is in town and have a nice time going to dance bars and all these places. So Aunty is always annoyed when uncle Raj comes because I'm home late.

This went on and whenever he used to come, we used to send food to his place sometimes and he really used to appreciate my aunts cooking and say that her food is just beautiful like her. One night as usual we were drinking and he asked me when my uncle is going to come etc and then said that I had a very beautiful aunt and I thanked him taking that as a compliment After this I quietly finished my glass of drinks then the bell rang and it was my aunty asking me to come home. I went home and as I went, I saw him stare at aunt's whole body like a hungry wolf. At home I had dinner and went to sleep. We have got two bedrooms in a flat and aunty and me sleep in different rooms, at night somewhere around 1 o clock we started getting blank calls and Aunty picked up and no one used to speak, I immediately picked up the parallel phone in my room and tried Uncle Rajs' number and it was engaged so I knew it was him, a gain I hung up and the phone rang, my aunty picked up and said hello, then I could make out uncle Raj change his voice and say "I want to talk to you" aunty asked "who's this?" he said "I'm your admirer, you are very beautiful, I want to kiss you and lick your Armpits and have sex with you" Aunty abused and kept the phone at the side, after sometime she hung up and then again the phone rang and this time Aunty did not say anything, he said "you look very beautiful in a saree and your have the best pair of breast and ass I have ever seen" Aunty said "bastard" and hung up, this time the phone did not ring.

In the morning at 7am, my door bell rang, I did not get up from bed and kept my eyes closed and wondered who it was, I pulled over the sheets and partly opened my eyes, I heard aunty open the door and then I heard uncle Raj open my bed room door and ask her whether I was still asleep, she said yes and he left the bedroom door wide open and from here I could directly see aunty in the kitchen in a tight yellow saree and she was pouring milk in the vessel Uncle Raj brought (sometimes he used to take milk from our house cause he used to be fast asleep when the milk man comes) I heard them talking something and then I saw Uncle Raj keep his hands on Aunty's shoulders and she immediately moved away from there and ignored his move and kept pouring the milk. Uncle Raj moved near to her and this time boldly cupped her right ass tightly in his right hands and pressed it very hard I guess, cause aunt cried ouch and she lost her color in temper I guess, she asked him to behave himself and never expected him to be like this and to leave right now. He went near her and took her in his arms and tried to kiss her but she tried her level best to push him and said I would wake up and he just pressed her against the wall and managed to kiss her cheeks and his one hand was around her bare waist trying to move up her breast and the other behind pressing her ass.

She called him bastard and son of a bitch and he said he loves her and he was the one who called her, the milk was spilled all over the place, aunty was wriggling all the time trying to free herself from him and finally she got away and she ran to her bed room and locked the door, Uncle Raj took his milk and went home quietly and closed our door. Then I got up and Knocked at aunty's room and said its me and where is the coffee? She immediately opened the door and was looking distracted and he hair haywire and then she said she would get it right away and she went to the kitchen. I kept about the whole thing and acted as if nothing happened. After tea I went to Uncle Rajs' place and he was very cheerful and asked me did aunty get up? I said yes and he said ask for some sugar, I went and told her that Uncle wants sugar, she dejectedly gave some sugar, I gave it to him and then after sometime he left for work and I left for college. Evening I came home and aunty was not there at home, for a second my heart raced thinking where she is gone? Even uncle was not there at home, I stood at the balcony waiting for her when I saw her come in an auto with vegetables from the market, she did not see me standing at the balcony, and I watched my beautiful aunty dressed in the cutest rose pink silk shiny saree that my mom had given her. She got down from the auto, paid the fellow and during this time another auto came and Uncle Raj got out and he was staring at aunty and smiling at her, she panicked and picked the bags and started running towards the building because I guessed she did not want to be in the lift with him.

Uncle Raj also paid fast and started walking fast towards the building all the time staring at aunty's beautiful ass that shook very seductively as she ran, uncle Raj fastened his pace and looked up and saw me and slowed down and smiled at me, in minutes I heard my door knock and I ran to open it and she hurried in all nervous and sweating. She settled down on the sofa with a cold glass of water and the fan at full speed. She looked worried. All this time I kept quite and was watching to see whether uncle Raj could get her and also I wanted to see whether my beautiful aunt would give in to him and the thought of her receiving Uncle Rajs' huge big monster penis deep in her made me absolutely horny. Somehow I wished that Uncle Raj should succeed, but I knew that he could never succeed that easily cause aunty was the very modest type and very strict. Later on in the evening I had a bath and was ready to go to Uncle Rajs' place for a drink. Sneha aunty said don't go there, I said no I'm going and took my house keys and went there. We drank quite a lot and then Uncle Raj started asking about aunty and said that looks like your aunty had gone to the market shopping, he said tell her that she really looks very very beautiful in that silk saree. I could see his hard on in the lungi and he was trying to hide it, then he grew bolder and said that Saree suits perfectly for her beautiful figure, I ignored it and he got up and went to the toilet. I knew he was thinking about my aunt at the time and wanted her so badly I decided to do something to pair them up; somehow I wanted them both to enjoy each other. After I had the drinks, I went home. Aunty was still there in that silk saree, she opened the door, we had dinner together and I wondered whether tonight she will be with uncle Raj, wondering whether the silk saree will be taken off by uncle Raj! Then finally she went to sleep with the silk saree on, she was very tired. I went to her room and saw her lying there in the beautiful silk saree and she really really looked very beautiful, I put on the A/c and closed all the windows and covered her, she was fast asleep, I thought to my self that soon Uncle Raj will be here and she has to keep awake to have a wonderful time together.

Still I wasn't sure, I could lock the doors and go to sleep and in that case Uncle Raj could not come in, finally I decided that lets see whether they end up having sex and so I went to my bedroom lit a cigarette and called uncle Raj and said that I had left my house keys the ere and that I would collect it tomorrow, he said okay and we said Good Night to each other. Finally I masturbated thinking of all this and lay waiting to see what happened this night. Suddenly the phone rang, I waited for aunty to pick up, it rang for a long time and finally she picked it up, I also picked up the parallel phone, it was somewhere around 12:00am, she said hello, and Uncle Raj this time said its him and that he is really sorry about what happened today. She said this is not the time to talk and that she would talk about it tomorrow, then he said please understand you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I want to make love to you and so it is better to co - operate since you don't know me, if I like something I make sure I have it at any cost so please co - operate with me, it will be a great enjoyment for both of us, aunty said sorry and that she is married, he said your husband is away, he wont even know, why don't you enjoy the moment, she said no and slammed the phone. I knew now that if Uncle had the guts he would come and take her or he would sit at home.

I patiently waited... After about 15 minutes as I had expected I heard the door click and I saw uncle Raj quietly enter, now I was really excited and pretended to be fast asleep, he locked my room and made way to aunty room, I came out of my room through the balcony door, I have a door in my room that opens to the balcony. I slowly looked into aunty's room, uncle went inside and put on the lights, the door was slightly open so I peeped, my beautiful aunt was asleep and Uncle Raj sat beside her and kissed her cheek, she woke up with a start and let out a scream. Uncle Raj quickly closed her mouth, she kept quite, then she asked him how he came here and to go now, he explained that I had forgot the key, then she got up and went far away from uncle Raj and asked him to leave then uncle Raj started saying I'll give you anything you want and all, she asked him to leave, he said no way and that he has not come to go. He went near he r and took her hand in his kept it on his penis and said, you have done this and now you got to do something. Then he said if you kiss me and take my penis in that sweet lovely mouth of yours, then I will never trouble you again. He made aunty sit on the edge of the bed and removed his lungi off and then his underwear. His huge monstrous cock stood out straight pointing at aunt. The first thing she said is Oh my God! I cant do this Raj please, its so big, he said don't worry, nothing will happen, you will enjoy it, then what followed was the most surprising thing to me which I never expected to happen, my beautiful, modest aunt closed her eyes and was saying please, while Uncle Raj put his had through her hair and cupped the back of her head and pushed his huge cock against her lips, I heard aunt say mmm... Mmm... Mmm.... No please mmmm... And then with one firm push I could see her open her mouth and uncle Rajs' huge tool enter her mouth, I guess it must have been great since Uncle Raj let away a loud moan and kept his cock in her mouth, I could hear voices of mmmm....mmm... From her and her hands was on Uncle Rajs' hands trying to stop him from pushing her face more, it was wonderful to see her lovely lips warped against this monster cock, I wondered how such a huge thing went it, she definitely had her mouth wide open and only the head of the cock and an inch more was in her mouth, then Uncle Raj said take more and pushed more in, till half of his cock went it, I guess he must have felt the head of his cock push against the back of her throat, he stopped and put both his hand around her cheek and cupped her cheek in his hands, she was holding on to his hands, then he pulled his cock out slowly, I must say he is a master at this, I expect to see him in action with none other than my beautiful sneha aunt. Then he removed his cock from her mouth and said you are the most beautiful woman I have ever been with and then asked her to suck his balls and he guided her face to his huge balls, she took each of them in her mouth for about a minute and then he again put his cock near her mouth, this time without saying anything she opened her mouth without any resistance and took half of it in her mouth and held it like that and then pulled away and then in again, I could see uncle close his eyes and really enjoy himself, this went on for five minutes and then uncle said, darling take the whole thing in, this time aunty removed his cock and said no I cant, its too big, he said just push it into your throat and breathe through your mouth, I was really shocked at Uncles experience and then she took his penis again in her mouth and this time Uncle Raj put his hands behind her head and pushed her slowly in, after half a little more went it and she started resisting, he said shhhh..... Don't worry, breathe through your mouth and saying so he pushed more and more of his huge cock went in and I could see aunty eyes closed until finally her nose touched his pubic hair, he held her there for some time and then pulled out, she coughed and said please, he simply pushed it in again and deep inside then pulled it out, did this for five minutes, then he sat on the bed and told her to sit on the floor and take him, she immediately kneeled down on the floor and took his penis in her mouth half way and then uncle pushed her head she took it fully in and this went on for 15 minutes, I could see my aunt sweat and uncle too and uncle was moaning and moaning and telling her he loves her and so on, and told her, come on sweetheart do it faster and my lovely aunty immediately started taking his huge cock in and out of her mouth fast, when suddenly uncle pressed her face deep down and was grunting like anything and let out a moan aaaah, aaaah!!! I knew he was cuming, and my aunty was struggling to move away, I was imagining how could she take his huge load completely inside, he was shooting his load down her throat, she somehow managed to remove her mouth off his huge cock and just then I saw a huge glob of semen leave.

Uncle penis and hit he r face and lips and then her hair and chest and she opened her mouth and uncle Raj again pulled her towards him and this time she kept her mouth going up and down on his giant cock, I guess she loved it too, after this I saw his cock shrink and she lied down, aunty cleaned her face with her pallu and just then uncle Raj pulled her toward him and said thank you and kissed her like anything, he put his hand around her bare waist and pushed it up towards her breasts and pressed it hard, she let out a moan saying aaaah! Ouch! He took both his hand and pressed her as hard as he could she was literally screaming saying ouch its paining no... Then they started kissing again and this time aunt wrapped her arms around his bald head and his back and kissed back. After this I could see uncle's penis getting hard again and then uncle broke the kiss and looked into her eyes and said, I want to fuck you now!! Aunty tried to push him and said you said you would leave and I did what you want, now please go, he said no way, from the first time I saw you I wanted to fuck you, she said no no and said your thing it very huge, I can never take it please, then uncle asked how long is your husbands and she said not ever half of yours, please now leave me, he said shut up and any way I'm going to fuck you so better to co - operate and enjoy rather than putting up a fight, I could see tears in her eyes and she said please...... He just started kissing her madly; it was really an erotic site to see a 45 year old grey haired man with a monster cock over my beautiful, very fair and sexy modest aunty.

It was so erotic to see him just suck those lovely lips of hers; she started saying please I'm married... He would not listen, he just kept kissing her and both his hand were around her bare waist his thumb pushing into her navel and then cupping both her ass globes and squeezing them. She seemed to be very much enjoying because her hands were around his head but she seemed to be afraid. Finally Uncle Raj broke off the kiss and slid the saree pall u, I have never seen sneha naked and it was very exciting to see her this way, I was eagerly waiting to see what she was hiding behind her saree all these years, and uncle Raj slid down her saree pallu and moved on to her waist and held the saree where she had tucked it in near her navel, she caught his hand and would not allow him to remove it, she help on strongly to her saree and pleaded with him saying please I cant do this I'm married and you are too big for me, I cant please let me go now, I did all you wanted me to, I'm a married woman. But uncle Raj just gave a final hard pull and her saree was loose he kissed her and in the process he pulled off her saree fully and threw it away and it landed on the floor! Then they kissed madly and uncle pulled her on him and from behind pulled her petticoat and put his hand on her ass and pressed it and that was when I saw my beautiful aunt's white milky thighs and ass, uncle Raj must really be lucky, she started resisting and pulling her petticoat down, but uncle Raj got his grip in her panties and pulled it down and I saw her lovely ass, milky white and round and plump, uncle then pressed her lovely bare ass and put one finger inside she stopped resisting and was moaning like anything, she was aaaaaaaahhh aahhaaaahhhh, he pushed it in and out 10 to 15 times and she just kissed him and was shaking, she must have had an orgasm, then Uncle pulled away her panties and threw it beside her saree on the floor and she shouted No! Again he kissed her and said remove your blouse and saying so he laid her on the bed and got on top of her, she would not remove it so he also started and then finally I saw my beautiful aunty open her blouse for uncle Raj to enjoy, they were kissing while she removed her blouse and finally that too was thrown away near her saree, she was wearing a black bra, it looked so beautiful and then Uncle put his had behind her back and unstrapped her bra and pulled it away, that was the treat of my life to see her huge soft breasts in view with huge pinkish brown areolas, it looked so beautiful.

Uncle Raj was just looking at it and then he opened his mouth and lowered it on to her breasts and started sucking and biting on it while he pinched the other nipple sneha moaned aaaah Raj, raaaj, ooooh please... And then this went on for 15 minutes after which they kissed again, this time more passionately and my aunt was his, he sucked her again and went down and kissed her navel and her belly and kissed her between her legs on her pussy I guess, she just put her head up and bit her lower lip and moaned like anything, the sexiest cries from my aunt really turned me on. I was eagerly waiting to see her pussy when uncle Raj put his hand underneath her petticoat and pushed it up to her knees and she did not resist one bit, insisted she was moaning, he was kissed her knees then he pushed it higher up and was kissing and licking and biting her thighs, that's when she did the most beautiful thing, she herself pinched her nipples and pushed her petticoat higher up until I could see her beautiful bushy pussy, I came there itself, uncle Raj immediately put his face on her pussy and she spread her legs and put it on uncles shoulders and caught his head and pushed it deeper into her and she started moving her head from side to side and moaning like anything and was repeating the words I love you! And then I could not figure out what uncle was doing there, she was moaning like anything and pressing and pinching her breasts. This went on for 30 minutes, already 2 hours had passed since this whole thing started. I was eagerly waiting to see the next part, and then finally mom was moaning enough Raj, Raj please... Enough, I love you.

Then uncle Raj came up and I could see my moms beautiful pussy, it was reddish... But her hole seemed so small. Then Uncle Raj got up and kissed her a lot and told her to remove the petticoat, she said please don't hurt, be gentle, he said don't worry, it will pain a little, but it will be heaven after that. I saw her hands move to the nada of her petticoat t and she pulled it and the petticoat became loose, Uncle Raj removed it too and threw it on the floor. I could see the fear in her eyes, I heard her ask please wear a condom, Uncle said come on don't spoil the fun and then he got up and sat and told her to suck his cock, and she got up immediately and started sucking like a pro. After 5 mins uncle said got her away and made her lie down, she was all afraid and tears in her eyes, and scared and she said, please I beg you, if it pains me then please leave me alone, and uncle said don't worry. Saying so he got on top of her with his monster cock hanging and then he put her legs on either side of his shoulders and kissed her, she kissed him back and then he positioned his monster cock on her tiny pussy and I could see tears in her eyes and she started crying and uncle pushed into her, what a beautiful site, I could see her tiny pussy open up to take him and it was really stretching, and aunty cried out, aaaaaaahhhh rajjj noooooo its paining.... Please stop, she was literally screaming and crying, I felt pity for her but I could not do anything besides it was a wonderful sight to see her open up, he pushed more and she was crying and pleading like anything, uncle was very slow and gentle his huge paunch was coming in the way so he took it out, she said thanks, he said we will try again don't worry, she said no but she pulled her to the edge of the bed and he had his legs on the floor, perfect position, he again put her legs on his shoulders, she already started crying and this time he told her something and then again and then finally I saw her take his cock in her hand and put it against her pussy and he immediately pushed forward and she cried aaaahhhh please!! No Raj!! Please I'll die, I heard him say shut up bitch! I saw her cry and moan, he said shut up bitch or I'll ram the whole thing in, she said no please slowly and was crying like anything and moaning too and pinching her breasts and touching her pussy where he was entering, she put two fingers on either side of her pussy and was pulling it apart, trying to take him in, then suddenly Uncle pushed more in nearly half way when she really screamed, he said shut up, she kept quite with tears flowing and she bit her under lip and down it was a beautiful sight to see her little pussy being invaded, it stretched out and was tightly holding against uncles huge thing, slowly uncle again started pushing it and she again said no, then I saw uncle pulling it out, he pulled it out and wow, her pussy was open, I could see inside a bit, but soon her put it back it and went half way and then to my and her surprise he gave a damn hard push and I could see his balls against her lovely pussy, and my aunt really screamed aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh rajjj!!! Its pushing against my womb, and then he said, its all in don't worry, then he started pulling out slowly and pushing back in and she was still in pain, but she kissed him a lot and wrapped her arms around him, then he started doing it faster, and aunty was moaning aaaawww, aaaawww, aaaaah,, aaaammmaaa... Oooohh, aaaaaiiii, aaaaahhh, rrrraaaaaajjjj, aaaahhhh, sloww, please, I love you aaahh, and then he started hammering her damn hard and her pussy lips was damn red, but uncles cock also was shiny, guess its lubricated well, then he started hammering her very hard, he pulled it all the way till only the head was in and then push the whole 10 inches inside, she was crying and moaning and kissing and what not, I was happy to see aunty enjoy and get the fucking of her life that no one else could give her, she was moaning and screaming, raaaaajj!!! Sloowww please noo, aaahh ooooh and kissing and kissing.

Raj used to bite her nipples from time to time and then when he was fucking her hard it was wonderful to see her breasts bounce up and down so violently and she was moving her head side to side and moaning an opening her mouth and biting her lips and kissing Uncle Raj and it was wonderful to see her pussy lips tightly clench Uncle Rajs' cock and milk it out, aaaahh ahhh oooh h went on for 25 minutes and she tightly clenched uncle Raj and bit herself, I guess she came many times, she said Raj please stop or I'll surely die. Uncle just kept on mercilessly ramming in and out of her and then he said I'm going to come and she wrapped her legs tightly around him and put her arms around him so tightly, finally I heard uncle grunt aaaahh, and she was aaaaaaaah..... Aaaaahhhhh, aaaaaaahhhh mmmmm..... Rajjjjjjjj... And slowly uncles thrusts slowed down and I knew he must have come deep inside my aunt and he kept coming for nearly 30 seconds, and she said, oh Raj there is so much, I'm full with your sperms, I can feel it, they kept kissing and kissing and then I could see sperms leak from the sides of her pussy and then with a final kiss uncle Raj got up and pulled out his cock, oh my God, her pussy was stretched so wide and uncles semen just flowed out of her pussy , aunty could hardly stand, when she stood she was going to fall, uncle caught her ,it was such a beautiful sight, Uncle hugged her tight and they went to sleep. I was also honey and went to backyard and masturbate twice and wait there. And I felt sleepy.

But my sleep was restricted to only half hours and I got wake up by hearing shena aunty's painful moans. I wonder whether there was another round left. And checked their room again. I was shocked by the seen. Aunty was on her stomach and uncle was pressing his monster on her ass. For a movement I thought it can't be. I was wondering how he'll put that monster inside her anal. Aunty struggled and begged him as usual. And she said she had never done this before. Uncle was even happy by hearing that. He said her `Sneha darling... don't be worry, there's always a first time for everything'. And he positioned his lund in-between her large Ass. `Oh, no raj...please...he pushed her to bed and gives her gannd a sudden thrust. Aunty almost jump and cried in pain. I was so honey by seeing that act. Uncle was now pushing again and again his lund inside aunty's gaand. And that 10 inc monster was disappearing more and more in-between her 42 inc gaand. Those two were prefect match. Her cries got louder with each thrust. I saw her butt was shivering with pain. And finally he went all the way in and his balls were pressed against her ass. I was wondering how she is keeping that monster inside. By getting know that he was successfully in, uncle released aunty's hands. He put hands under her chest and got hold on boobs. Then he lifted his lower body, took him lund half way out, and gave her a deep hard thrust. Aunty screamed and struggle hard. But uncle controlled her well. And he gave her another one. Then he slowly increased the speed and started fucking her gaand. I have never seen such a thing before. His monster was hitting hard against her big ass. And a _thump... Thump....' sound came out. Those fleshy ass were jumping up and down and I was sure that she had fire inside. She was moaning and crying and he was enjoying it. I did not know how he had so much strength to do such sex. And finally he groaned loud and pushed her hard against the bed. And I saw his lower body shaking. Yes, he was filling sneha aunty with his thick cum.

Aunty was feeling cum inside her gaand for the first time in her life. With that, aunty lost all her power and fell down. Finally uncle got up from her body. And I saw she was unable to get up due to her back pain. So, he had to take her to bath room. I saw white thick cum coming out of her ass crack and going down on her thighs. And when they came back, I noticed aunty was still in pain. he laid her on the bed and took her clothes and put it next to her, she slowly wiped her pussy and ass with her petticoat while uncle put on his lungi, kissed her and thanked her, she kissed him back and I ran to my room, After sometime Uncle came and opened the lock and saw me sleeping, he opened the door and went to his house, I was so happy, I peeped again to my aunty's room, she was wearing her bra and she took a nightie and wore it and put the saree and petticoat aside, she also took a pad and put it on her pussy and she went off to sleep. In morning aunty was still on the bed and said she has a bad backache. But I laughed myself since I knew her real ache. After that, it became normal act with aunty. And uncle used to come on day time when I was away. Sometimes he spends night at our place he used to having fun with aunty. And I used to watch it. He fuck many times aunty's big ass now aunty also like fucking ass. Hope you enjoyed the story. Any married woman, girl near to pune, Pimpri, Chinchwad can mail me at ketan4allu@yahoo.co.in
Click the links to read more stories from the category Incest or similar stories about

YH