Title: Office With A View
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: (codes)
******************************************************************************

It was summer when James began working from home three days a week. He chose as his workspace the upstairs bedroom which overlooked the back yard. It had previously been used for miscellaneous purposes so was the easiest to clean out and fit with the appropriate furnishings. Gazing at the trees and clouds from his workdesk was quite helpful as he puzzled through problems.

As he stood up and stretched his legs he walked over to the window and realized, for the first time, that there was a good view of his neighbor's small fenced back yard. To his surprise, and great delight, their eighteen year old daughter was sunning in a string bikini just below his window. Being neighbors for a fairly short while, he had met Lucy at various community events and had been invited to a couple of cookouts by her parents. She was bright, beautiful, blond, and bounteous. Her body, especially her tits, had a great resemblance to Katerina Nova and he had used that image often during sexual relief. And now, here she was, almost in the flesh. His cock arose and he had to empty his prostate in order to get any more work done.

James was 41 years old and a year out of a marriage to an attractive and sexy but very domineering woman. He was still a bit woman-shy, especially after the experiences with a couple of women at his new church. Learning that he was a single professional, they had all but invited themselves out for dinner dates. It soon became apparent, with the frequent questions about such things as what cruises he liked, or what resorts were his favorites, that they opened their legs wide when a man opened his wallet wide. James had never directly paid for pussy and wasn't ready to start with these gold-diggers. 

Each nice afternoon when he was home he would check the view and was often rewarded. When Lucy appeared topless he got little work done and a few days later she shed her thong as well, showing a well trimmed blond bush. He so loved a little bit of nature's decoration on a pussy. She had a parttime job during the summer so would usually be on display mid afternoon until her parents got home from work. At least there was part of the day he could be productive!

One afternoon she arose from the lounger, faced towards him, leaned back with her hands spreading her pussy lips and let go a golden arc into the bushes. James was stunned and fascinated. When she finished, Lucy looked up directly at him and smiled. The watcher was totally flabbergasted. She knew he was a voyeur and liked it!

The next afternoon, at about the same time, Lucy watered the bushes again to the delight of her watcher. This time she gave him a beckoning gesture before walking to the fence gate at the back of the yard. James wasted no time unlocking his side and they were face to face. Lucy took his hand and led him to her sunning place. "You've seen what I've got...now I want to see yours!" He was already hard so working to get his underpants off made her chuckle. "Mmmmm, nice!", she said as her hand encircled his heaven-pointing pole. "I want to watch YOU pee so let's get this hose a bit easier to aim." It took only a few strokes of her hand to send his cum flying onto the grass. Lucy finished with a lick and a kiss on his cockhead and went to get a couple of beers. His cock didn't lose much rigidity but enough for Lucy's purposes.

When two beers hit bottom Lucy took her pee partner to the spot she used before and issued a challenge. Standing beside him she called, "Ready, aim, fire!" Never having peed in front of a woman before made relaxing a bit difficult but he was finally able to fire as she finished. She won but consoled him with a full body hug that rubbed those magnificent tits in his chest and his rehardened dick on her belly. God, it felt SOOOO good and he had the natural desire to fuck the hell out of this goddess. She sat them down on the lounger with him at the foot looking right at her spread crotch. "I want to see you make yourself cum", she asked nicely and began rubbing herself in time with his hand strokes. James sprayed his white cream on her tits which triggered a moaning orgasm from his target. They showered together before she sent him home. 

They had similar fun together for the next week. One day Lucy asked him to be watching at 3pm the next Wednesday. When he took his regular vantage point there was a naked young man with his sexy neighbor who he recognized as one of her regular boy friends. He was treated to a live sex show performed by a couple who were quite familar with each other. He struggled to keep from cuming as he wanked, but seeing the young man's buttocks clenching during the short strokes sent him over the edge as he imagined himself spurting into Lucy's pussy. He watched spellbound as she pulled the condom off and cleaned her boyfriend's shrinking dick with her mouth before sending him away. He had just sat down at his desk when there was knocking on the back door. A naked Lucy asked him if he had enjoyed the show." He stammered "YYYYYYYesss" and she said that it would be a lot more comfortable in his bed. He led the way and his visitor removed his minimal clothing. "I hope you jacked off during that quicky. I didn't climax and want you to last long enough for at LEAST one." 

The next two hours were the most amazing sexual experience of his life. James had thought his ex-wife was a good piece of ass but this youngster raised the bar a LOT. Besides the delights of exploring her stunning body, there were the intense pleasures from her getting intimately acquainted with his. When Lucy turned him on his back, slowly engulfed his erection, and then repeatedly squeezed it with her cunt muscles, he almost fainted. Her magnificent tits were in his face, easily accessable to his mouth and hands which quickly found fun things to do.

Lucy's style was also so much different than he had ever experienced. Instead of a controlling, demanding partner, there was a complete, yet sensitive, abandon to the moment. Each one's passion fed the other's as they moved together until James' love juice blasted like a rocket onto Lucy's cervix. She shuddered and shrieked and squeezed his cock so hard it almost hurt. They lay together quietly for a while then Lucy rolled off and cleaned his cock like he had watched earlier. She smiled with the awareness that he was remembering her earlier performance. He kissed her wet lips and she smiled even more.

They talked quietly in the afterglow of their first coupling, accompanied by roaming gentle caresses. Lucy giggled as James pinched and tweaked her irresistable nipples & she tickled his re-firming cock. "Did you wonder about no condom?" she asked. "I was too busy to think about it," was the reply. "I'm never sure my boyfriends (plural noted) aren't fucking other girls, and I don't mind if they do, so I am careful. Natural sex is so much better and I figured you were pretty safe. Thanks for your donation to my sexual health...and I want more of your good loving right now and frequently in the future. Your cock is a great fit for me too." James was speechless partly because his mouth was stuck on a massive mammary. His third leg was firmly in the grasp of his lovely partner who rolled on her back and inserted it once again into her eager cunt. After a hundred strokes or so, Lucy got on all fours to enjoy a new, for them, position. He braced himself so she could move on his embedded pole while he cupped her swinging breasts from behind, even though they were much more than handfuls. After several more orgasms for her and one for him, they showered together and Lucy went home to start dinner for her parents.

They repeated their fun time two days later, although without the third party warmup, and Lucy mentioned that she had a Saturday night date with the boy he had seen earlier. She mysteriously said, "Leave your back door unlocked." Late that night he was awakened by the busty blond slipping into his bed and kissing him then pushing her firm tits in his face while her hand sought his erection. Again getting on top, she murmured, "I've just had an hour of foreplay and I'm ready for some REAL fucking!" He slid into her usually tight snatch easily and he knew it was because her boyfriend had just been stretching it. She was SO open about her sexuality that he couldn't get jealous and enjoyed all the erotic thoughts she set off. After Lucy got her desired semen injection she revealed that they had been fucking next door because her parents were away overnight so her pussy had been empty only a few minutes. She wanted to spend the night in his bed too. Who could turn THAT down! They slept snuggled together, a treat for both of them. Near dawn they awoke and went into the bathroom together to pee. Lucy took James in the shower and pointed his dick at her tits. When they were soaked she aimed it at her twat. Holding his now firm hose down between her thighs he got the new and unique experience of a hot piss penile massage. They rinsed off and spent the morning in bed, only leaving it for a nude breakfast and more pee play when needed.

Lucy had a Sunday night date which she told James about, commenting that she might find out if this guy would still date her if he didn't get laid because her pussy was a bit sore. The next afternoon when she and James got naked, Lucy said neither her date nor her boss had gotten lucky...then she stopped and said, "Ooops! I forgot you didn't know that...I'm getting so open with you it just slipped out. I think we need to have a talk!" They got in a comfortable position that allowed penetration but didn't do any thrusting. Lucy began, "I feel more trusting with you than almost any other guy. I need a man to be honest and direct with even though my mom and I are very close. What you are going to hear hasn't ever been completely told to anyone. If you can't keep still as I tell you my story then just do what you must. I'll probably get hot talking about my experiences and need some relief too." 

"Let's start with right now," she continued. "Besides the two boys my age that you know about, I'm screwing a third who is four years older. My boss gets in my pants a couiple of times a week. He is late fifties and has a wife can't have sex...a mercy fuck, if you will. There is also a man your age who I do a couple of times a year.

"When I started developing these beauties on my chest my mom, who has a pair just like them, gave me a good sex eduction. She didn't want me repeating the problems she had through ignorance. She had me when she was 15 and couldn't even guess my biological father. Besides reading and talking she got some tasteful videos so I could really understand what was involved. By the way, she later married a real good man who is a father figure for me.

"When I was ready for sex I was started on contraception and had the next step in sex education. With my understanding and consent, a good and trusted older friend of the family took me on a 'honeymoon'. We went to a city some distance away and stayed at a luxury hotel. With my bosum and adult clothes, my age was rarely questioned. After a fine dinner he opened champagne in our room, slowly and lovingly took our clothes off, and led me to the jacuzzi, my first one. We sipped the bubbly and caressed each other in the hot water. When the champagne was gone he towelled me dry and held my hand as we went to the big bed. We explored each other's bodies with our hands and mouths. There were a lot of 'firsts' for me, including the wonderful oral orgasm. When I was almost shaking with excitement, he laid me back on the pillows so I could watch in the soft light, as his erection, the first one I had ever touched or sucked, opened my virgin vagina with slow and ever deeper strokes. My hymen was long gone from toys so it was only pleasure to feel it fill me. When he reached bottom I wrapped my legs around him to keep it there forever. His thrusting made me realize that it was more fun to let it withdraw and re-fill me! He held back until I had climaxed twice before I felt the delighful sensation of hot semen deep inside for the first time. We spent two more nights there rarely getting out of bed. With an introduction like that you can see why I like sex so much."

Both were aroused by this romantic tale and completed the loving act with each replaying in their minds the images of Lucy's deflowering. With their lust temporarily sated, Lucy continued her story, telling about her first dates with boys her age. She realized by the time that they got her bra off that they could never meet her expectations so her pants stayed on. Since her lover lived quite a distance away and wasn't expected to visit for a few months, she was getting pretty horny. She was complaining to her best girlfriend Alice who suggested her older brother. He had recently broken up with a longtime girlfriend and was also complaining about the lack of sex. His ex had confided that he had a big dick and knew how to use it. A few dates later Lucy could verify both claims. Frequent practice during the next couple of years helped both of them develop their bedroom skills. He had since married and they still screwed a few times a month. His wife knew their sexual history, realized that Lucy was not a threat to the marriage, and didn't make an issue of it. Lucy figured she got some on the side too.

In spite of frequent banging by her boyfriend, Lucy was anxious to enjoy her first lover again. It had been three months so she met him on a Friday afternoon at the door in a robe and took him directly to her bed. They dressed before her mom got home from work and she invited him to share her bed for the night. When she awoke later in the night wanting another round, he wasn't there. His bed was still made up and there were sex sounds from her mother's bedroom. When he slipped back into her bed at dawn she greeted him with, "Is there any left for me?" He shook his head and fell asleep.

Leaving him in her bed she found her mother in the kitchen, looking well fucked. Getting a cup of coffee, Lucy sat down and said to her mom, "Now I know exactly how you could recommend Uncle Gary as my lover." She hadn't previously mentioned that he was her mother's partner's older brother. Mom explained that she had been screwing Gary for a while when he suggested a threesome with his younger brother Larry, who he had shared girl friends with in the past. She was curious and enjoyed it immensely. From then on she banged both brothers together and separately. Larry was close to her age and she fell in love with him. Neither one wanted to marry so they settled on the public declaration of a "Long Term Partnership", which was a legal agreement similar to marriage but not registered with the government or blessed by clergy. For simplicity they were referred to as "husband and wife". The sex sharing continued ever since the LTP. Gary had never married but had a series of usually long term partners. Lucy went back to her bed and woke Gary up by sucking the dick that had recently been inside her mother. It felt very wicked and erotic. As he regained consciousness she stated, "OK you motherfucker, it's MY turn!" The same scenario was usually repeated whenever Gary visited. Her mom did offer Larry to her but Lucy wasn't ready to take that step.

When she turned 16, Lucy got an after school job at a small retail store. The older man was quite nice and after a while asked her to do some house work in the apartment where he lived above the store after her regular hours. His wife was very frail and couldn't keep the place up. When they were better acquainted the wife confided in Lucy that she couldn't satisfy her husband's "male needs" any more. She was worried about his physical and mental health. Did Lucy have any ideas for solutions. Lucy got the drift and, in a burst of kindness, offered to try being a surrogate wife. After the store closed the next day, the boss's wife and Lucy told him about their plan. Being a normal male who had lusted after her luscious body every day in the store, he couldn't have been happier. While the wife waited in the kitchen, Lucy gave her boss the first piece he had in years. It didn't do much for her physically since his cock was fairly small and even his semen output wasn't much, but the look of joy on his face as he encountered her tits, slipped into the best twat he probably ever had, and felt like a real man when he ejaculated into the young beauty, touched her deeply. She agreed to bed him twice a week after work. After that the wife joined them in bed to share her husband's joy. She couldn't resist caressing Lucy's body while she watched and usually kissed her husband as he spurted into the surrogate.

Now that she was older Lucy wanted to try dating some guys her own age again. With her looks there had never been any shortage of offers. She wisely figured that the "popular" guys were not likely to care much about her needs so she looked for quality personalities among average looking but intelligent young men. One candidate was in a computer class at school. They had some common interests so date outings were easy to set up. Ascertaining that he was a virgin, she acted innocent and slightly reluctant as he somewhat clumsily tried to get more intimate. When he finally got her bra off in the front seat of his car and touched her tits for the first time he came in his jeans. She told him not to be embarrased but keep on making her feel good. He took direction well and it wasn't long before Lucy scored her first virgin. As they progressed in intimacy she would wonder how this eager young man would respond if he knew that the lips he was kissing had very recently cleaned off a cock which had just deposited millions of fresh sperms still wiggling around inside her. Or realizing that the silky lubrication his cock was sliding in was semen from another of her lovers. She felt delightfully wicked and quite proud of herself.  

Lucy was so pleased with her altrusitic and benevolent success that she reponded positively, a few months later, to her new young lover's request to educate his slightly younger brother who also was a virgin. She soon had two big "V"'s on her scorecard and a more complicated sex life, athough it was quite fun and fulfilling. She rationed the "boys" to the one day a week after school she didn't work. Her interest in golden showers started by accident at this time. The older brother was a very heavy cummer and had dumped three big loads in a row inside her. Since she wanted to be fresher for the younger brother, she was in the bathtub using a handheld shower to rinse her pussy when she saw her recent partner peeing in the nearby toilet. The water spray was deliciously tingling her delicate parts and she realized that the stream from a cock might do the same. After fucking the younger boy she took him to the tub to try out her discovery. It was so pleasant that she called the older boy in for more pee pleasure on her pussy. It became an occasional special part of their mini-orgies and something to share with other open-minded folks.

Lucy began undulating her hips against James. "Let's finish this and sleep. I do want to talk more, but not until morning." She woke him up for a middle of the night ride then after daybreak insisted that they have a bathtub pee party session before returning to bed with coffee and breakfast. 

"May I interpret your vigorous use of my body after my tale of promiscuity and depravity as a sign that you wish our relationship to progress?" she began with mock formality. James took up the ploy with, "My analysis of your behaviour reveals a young woman with an above average curiosity about her sexual capacities and a healthy interest in exploring new areas of sexual knowledge. All of your experiences have contributed to creating this interesting person who is here with me. Since I share those interests as well, I am happy to join with her expedition at every opportunity. I do require that all explorations I am not a part of be reported in detail at the earliest opportunity." They both laughed and did some more "joining and exploring".

When their horns were well trimmed, Lucy explained that she was young and still had lots of things to discover in life. She figured that the best way to avoid getting too hung up on one guy, and vice versa, was to never limit herself to one lover. It had worked for her mom. Besides, the variety was just too enjoyable to give up. She really enjoyed being with James and hoped he could accept her as she was. They could have a great relationship if he didn't get possessive. James caressed her bounteous bosum and explained that he had been "posessed" in his marriage and could understand her feelings. Although knowingly sharing a woman with other men had not been part of his experience, he could see from her tale that it could be quite exciting to be a part of. Lucy was quite pleased and said with a grin, "I'll make SURE you enjoy it...I've got plenty of pussy to go around! And I want you to have some more right now..."

A few weeks later Lucy wanted to have another "serious talk" with James. He knew by now that meant naked with his dick buried in her twat but not actively fucking. She stated rather matter of factly that she had been thinking about her sex life (he braced for the worst) and that it was time to let go of her young brothers. They were finding their own pussy now, which was why the need for condoms, and she had accomplished her "pay it forward" mission twice over. James relaxed as she continued, "The shows I put on when I seduced you were pretty spontaneous. I'd never done anything like that before but it was great fun. This time I have a real plan. Be in your office tomorrow at 3 with binoculars and the window open so you can hear."

At the appointed time a naked Lucy came to her "stage" with the younger brother in tow. She fucked him in lots of positions for the next 30 minutes. The moans and groans were clearly audible to James and her positioning gave his magnified vision clear views of the bare young cock penetrating and finally cumming in Lucy's reddened cunt. She kissed him goodbye and laid back on the lounger, looking up at the office window and beckoning.  James was quickly between her lovely thighs enjoying the fresh slippery seconds. She moaned and came with him over and over.   

Two days later a similar scenario started with the older brother. This time though, her cocksman pumped cum into her in each of three positions. Through the binoculars James could see it running out of her cunt and frothing into whitish foam from the frenzied thrusting of her young lover's love piston. After the third load was delivered with gusto, Lucy moved to the grass and lay on her back with the boy kneeling between her bent knees. James had a closeup view of the piss stream rinsing Lucy's ravaged pussy. She looked directly at her watcher who could hear the pleasure noises as yet another orgasm ripped through her aroused body. No explicit invitation was needed to mount the gasping girl as soon as the coast was clear. She wrapped arms and legs around her older lover who quickly added his seed to her deliciously messy cunt. 

Larry had a booth at a trade show on the other side of the state and asked Lucy to help him with it. They would handle the first three days and Gary would take over for the last two. Lucy was excited with the chance to visit the big city and making some extra money. She spent the night before leaving with James and he was tickled at the  anticipation which spilled over into her lovemaking.

Myra, Lucy's mom invited James to dinner as the car pulled away. "No sense in both of us eating alone. Be here at 7." The day went by slowly with the knowledge that Lucy was so far away. He focussed on work and was at Myra's door right on time. Flowers and wine were presented to show his appreciation of the offer. Myra was obviously pleased and gave him a warmer than expected kiss. Home cooked food is always a treat and, after a quick table clearing, James sat on the couch with the last of the wine. Myra returned wearing only an almost transparent gown saying with a sparkling smile, "I thought you would like to see the dessert menu!" James went wide-eyed so she continued, "It was Larry's idea and seconded by Lucy." She bent over to reach James' hands, giving him a close up eyeful of big hanging knockers that were a mature version of Lucy's. Mom was a bit shorter with wider hips and just as pretty. He stood up and she removed his clothing expertly. Her mouth gave his already enlarged cock a quick kiss and suck before standing up and leading him to her bed. This "dessert", a 33 year old woman at the peak of her sexual ripeness, was meant to be savored. Myra laid him on his back and slowly explored James' body with her hands, mouth, and breasts. Then is was his turn to discover her treasures. When he slipped his tongue into her pussy hole he couldn't help but think that was where his girlfriend had started life from. With that thought he pushed his babymaker inside just as her father had done so many years ago. After that buildup they both came quickly. As he soaked in her pussy, Myra asked, "Whatcha thinking?" He told her and she said she had similar thoughts about the sperm swimming in her being the same kind that also filled her daughter. She mused that if she had a son, would she want him to reenter her birth canal? James had lost very little hardness so they changed positions and kept on screwing. Having a new partner usually induces extra sexual excitement and most of the time not spent working or sleeping found them together naked and screwing. Between actual copulations Myra told tales of her sex life which shortened James' refill times. Damn these women were sexy. Who would want a monogamous one? They would be boring!

The travellers were welcomed home by their partners in the expected way but the couplings were not as frenzied or prolonged as might be expected from the length of separation. Herein lies the rest of the story...

The next morning the two couples gathered at the breakfast table. Curious, Lucy asked her mom how things had been. Mom replied, with a big smile, that dessert the first night had been "delicious" and thanked her husband for the suggestion. When asked about the rest of the time she said that she and James had done their usual daily things but with a lot of fucking in between. "He is as good as you told me," Myra said to her daughter. It was Larry and Lucy's turn to smile. Mom asked about the trade show. Larry explained that the show hotel was expensive so a double queen room was reserved. The first day they set up the display table, had a nice dinner, and watched a movie in their room. They each slept in their own bed. The next day was full of activity and Lucy had great fun with her role. Her looks and tits got lots of attention from the mostly male attendees. All the compliments, flirting and outright offers of cash payments for her favors got her so turned on that she got over her reluctance and took up her mother's offer of Larry right after the display hall closed. They finally took a break for a room service dinner and she met the young man at the door with her standout nipples and dripping cunt on full display. Larry was in heaven and ploughed her pasture as often as he could. They did manage enough sleep for the next day's work. Gary arrived that evening, as expected. Lucy insisted that he cancel his room since they had two beds and she planned to keep both of them warm. Actually she kept them "hot" as she took advantage of every erection the two men were able to muster. She slept the entire ride home. "No wonder you weren't as energetic as usual last night," James remarked. "Or Larry either," Myra added. Talking further, they all agreed that the screwing had been great but the pairings probably ought to be limited to special occasions to keep things simpler in the two households.

In July, James's son, James Junior, who went by "JJ", told his dad he had been accepted at the community college in his dad's town. There wasn't one near where he had been living with his mother and he hoped he could live with his dad. While he liked th eidea of spending more time with his only child, it would put some dampers on the frequent nudity and sex play around the house he had gotten used to. He arrived a week before school started and his eyes got big when he saw his dad's paramour. She was his age and a walking wet dream. How could he study with her around, knowing she was getting laid just down the hall? Smart Lucy, have a bit more experience with horny males than most girls her age, anticipated the problem. She invited her best friend Alice to dinner so the two could meet. Alice was the opposite of Lucy in many ways. She was tall, slender, long dark hair, and less outgoing. They were quite similar in intelligence and love of sex. She, like Lucy, didn't think it was good practice to be exclusive in bed so kept a short list of good guys who got to play at the Y. 

A few obligatory dates later Alice was there for breakfast one morning with a freshly fucked glow. After the meal, Lucy told the new lovers that she and James preferred nudity around the house and hoped they would follow that custom. She took off the light robe she was wearing and the in-his-face view of her magnificent tits got JJ hard in spite of Alice's recent draining. The girls laughed and Alice took him back to bed for further detumescence activity, reasoning that even though he was probably visualizing her friend's body, it was her pussy that had his cock. Lucy noticed that the erection was very much like his father's and had a twinge of curiosity but let her reason triumph over her cunt, at least for now. She didn't want to interfere with the budding romance of her friend anyway. The two young women had no secrets from each other so Alice reported that JJ was inexperienced but easily made up for that with his enthusiasm, willingness to learn, respect for her feelings, and above average cock. Lucy agreed, like father like son, and they giggled at the not infrequently mentioned idea of bedding both. 

JJ was not as open-minded as his father, with his limited experience with women. He got upset when he learned that his wasn't the only pecker in Alice's pussy so his father referred him to Lucy. She got them each a beer and they sat in the back yard. "Your father, like most guys, had the same concern when he first started screwing me." She had JJ's full attention as she continued, "I have several other lovers and he is ok with that now. The first thing to realize about any woman is that SHE owns her body, no one else. Only SHE decides who it gets shared with. If she shares it with you, it is a privilege to be thankful for. Secondly, pussies don't wear out so nothing is being taken away from you when other men enjoy them. You couldn't tell just from the feel how many guys she was fucking unless she screwed someone bareback just before you. And actually that is a pretty special feeling...just ask your dad! All the fucking that Alice and I do only makes us sexier and better for all our lovers. The more fun we have the more fun you have. Just enjoy what you are getting. Now go call Alice and tell her about our talk. When you have digested this have her tell about you some of her adventures. It will blow the top of your cock off, I'd bet!" She gave him a kiss, a full body hug, and a quick squeeze of his erect cock and he hurried off. Alice later thanked her and reported that JJ's mind was opening up. Her relatively tame stories got him very hard very quickly the second and third times.    
  
Two months after JJ's arrival, Larry got a very good job offer from the company Gary worked for. It required a move three hours away so they put their house on the market. Gary said they could stay with him until the house sold and Myra immediately saw some personal advantages in that. She and his current girlfriend got along quite well so frequent partner exchanges were quite likely. Larry always liked variety and he didn't het much. Her nipples and pussy tingled with thoughts of enjoying Gary's cock much more often...and when James and Lucy visited it could be an all out orgy! She had fantacized about JJ and it would be rude to leave him out of the fun. Having such a young cock again would be fun! 

Lucy just couldn't leave her friends and lovers behind, let alone interrupt her education so James gallantly took in another college student. She expected to share James' bed since there were no more bedrooms, but there was the issue of entertaining her occasional other lovers. She didn't want to have them in James' bed, that was special, so he suggested the purchase of a bed couch for the basement recreation room. Besides being aptly named, it was private and even had its own bathroom. Perfect for friends or fucking. After they christened the new playground for her other lovers, Lucy suggested that James install a video camera so she could show off for him, something she hadn't done for a long time. She also wanted to watch videos of herself so she could see herself as James had.

The camera was soon installed and ready. Lucy was thrilled watching their test fuck "on-camera" and it would be even better when James was controlling the aiming and zoom. Her older boyfriend was moving away in a couple of weeks so this was just in time. James had a hardon in anticipation even before the boyfriend was brought into view. They undressed each other with the ease of longtime familiarity and spent a full hour together with first a hard furious fucking to take the edge off, then tender couplings until he left his second, and last, semen deposit inside her. Lucy wanted to feel all of him this final time together so no condom. She walked him to the door for a last kiss and returned to the rumpled bed. James left the camera running as he entered first the room and then his sexy lover. The video would always be one of their favorites.

With her school load increasing, Lucy decided to give up her parttime job. She knew a horny widow a little younger than her boss and introduced her to the couple. Not only was the woman pleased to have a job but, happily gave the boss more pussy than Lucy could budget. The last Lucy heard, she had even moved in with them as a caregiver for the now more frail wife.

Lucy's mom was happy to rent her house to a newlywed couple since its sale wasn't happening. They were professionals in their late twenties married for the first time. James and Lucy helped them move in and quickly became friends. Becky, the wife, really appreciated Lucy's help in getting used to the house and, new to town, quickly made friends with her much younger but quite mature neighbor. Alice was introduced soon after and the three would visit in the back yard since warm weather had arrived. Lucy soon had them sunbathing nude. Becky had expressed some concern because of James' office window but laughed and stripped when she heard an edited version of Lucy's seduction story. Having been single for a long time she was far from a prude. One afternoon, after quite a bit of beer had been consumed by the trio, Lucy called James and told him to check out the view. When he was watching, she took the other two and demonstrated how to water the bushes. It was quite a scene since Becky was the average of the height, weight, and bust of the other two. Her red hair was a great fit with the blond and brunette. The tipsy trio put on quite a show and waved to their audience when empty. Then they laughed and hugged each other. Lucy announced she was horny as hell and figured James was too so she'd see them later. Alice raped JJ when he got home and Becky took her husband Brian to the prime viewing spot after texting Lucy to get to the window. James was embedded in her from behind as they watched the newlyweds have their fun. The three honeys were now confirmed exhibitionists and tried whatever they could conspire to get away with. Alice got videoed banging JJ in the "playroom", unbeknownst to him until much later. Brian kind of wondered why Becky wanted to fuck outdoors so much but couldn't complain. Nudity indoors and out became more common in both households. The girls were disappointed when they couldn't get a penile salute from one of the other men. 

James was invited to the girls' pee parties as they got more adventurous. He had a difficult time staying flexible enough to aim for lower places on their bodies, especially after they had tickled his dick with their streams. Lucy tried a blowjob in front of the others which helped for a while. Alice and Becky introduced their men to this new kind of play privately and then gradually brought them into the group setting. The pee parties became such a regular event that dry and wet foreplay activities with others gradually became quite common until only actual coitus was still limited to one's own partner. While a well aimed hot pee could get a gal off, guys needed a bit more. After getting a guy hard by pissing on his dick, a wet handjob or titjob could cause a white volcano. Becky pushed the envelope a bit by getting JJ hard then sliding her slit back and forth along the length of his cock, giving a small spurt of fresh wet lube every few strokes. She looked Brian straight in the eye as JJ's plentiful cum shot out on his belly and she rubbed her pussy in it. Brian was smiling with his cock straight up in the air. Becky dropped her piss and cum coated cunt down in it and they soon climaxed together to rousing applause from the onlookers. The other girls just HAD to try it too. There were soon a lot of satisfied people in the yard.  It was also fun to be screwing your main partner with other guys and gals pissing on your joined genitals and other erogenous zones. That often set off a different kind of orgasm. 

Lucy was restless. She loved James and sex with him was always good, but her outside lovers had gone by the wayside. All the play with her friends and neighbors reminded her of the variety she craved. She counselled with Alice who was down to only one other guy besides JJ. They agreed that it was time to do the father and son thing they had hinted at in the past. The plan was simple...one night when Alice was staying over they would switch rooms in the middle of the night. Neither doubted that the guys would object...what normal man turns down an offer like that? 

Alice slipped in behind James and reached around for his cock. It began swelling and he noticed a very different set of tits against his back as he awoke. Before he could speak, he heard, "Shhhh! Just enjoy!" He rolled over to a much taller and slimmer woman than he usually had. Both had fucked earlier so getting acquainted was unhurried. As he slipped inside the slender brunette he was well aware that the slickness his cock found was his own son's cum. Her cunt had a different texture and tightness than Lucy's and she noticed how much his rigid rod resembled the one she had earlier. They fucked for quite a while before he added his sperm to her family collection.  

Lucy was more direct. She took the sleeping JJ's cock in her mouth and tasted Alice on it. He was on his back so she rode the enlarging pecker when it was hard enough to insert. JJ woke up with a cunt on his cock and big boobs in his face. Instinct took precedence over reason as he enjoyed everything available. It wasn't until after he mixed his semen with his father's that it even dawned on him. Lucy grinned and said, "You've been lusting after me for a long time...was it as good as you expected?" "Hell yes! I'm not pulling out until I'm too soft to do anything else," he said as he rolled her over and began thrusting again. Lucy loved it! James just didn't have this energy and it had been a while since she fucked the young brothers. Like Alice, she noticed the feel of his cock was so much like his dad but the way he used it was different. She egged him on, "Put some more of your sperm in there with your dad's!" That set both of them off again. When JJ's cock finally wilted, he played with her tits and pussy, hoping to get some more before dawn. Alice and James, both naked, came in the room and said, "Time for breakfast." Each showered with their regular partner and talked openly at breakfast about the night. It was agreed that it was "open season" during the day and they would swap for the night once a week when Alice was there. The nights she wasn't, Lucy could visit JJ's bed and "tuck him in" if she was in the mood, which was very often at first. James would just have to get used to silky seconds. He didn't mind. It was like foreplay so he could get into the good stuff even quicker.

The neighbor spouses soon learned about the new sex connections next door but weren't ready to share just yet. They enjoyed watching the other couples fuck, swapped or not, and they put on their own show for the others. When they were alone though, they fantacized about what they had seen and role played the swapping. Both really wanted to, but after all they were newlyweds and it didn't seem right. They were far from virgins when they met and eventually they would be honest with each other and join in the fun.   

It had been months since Lucy had seen her mother so a long weekend was planned. There was one guest bedroom in Gary's house so JJ would be on the couch, though Lucy suspected he woudn't be there too much. Lucy and Myra talked often, planning for the visit. Mom shared that she essentially had two husbands and Lucy told about her father and son lovers. Mom was delighted and said that was a combination she had never experienced. Lucy wanted to make up some lost time with the brothers so that sealed the sleeping/screwing arrangements. The guys, once again, weren't consulted, but the women couldn't imagine any of them having an objection! 

The first night Lucy was in Gary's bedroom with the two brothers. It was kind of a replay of the trade show night but she didn't have to change beds. The brothers had gotten quite skilled at sharing Myra so everyone had a great time, especially Lucy. Myra was in the her own bedroom and started with JJ. When she had fucked him out, he went to the guest room to send his father and get some rest. The exchange happened many times before dawn. The second night was similar except Lucy fucked Gary and James together, and Myra fucked JJ and Larry at the same time. This was the first threesome activity for the visitors and Lucy especially liked having James watch and touch her while she fucked Gary, kissing him deeply as Gary filled her with his cum. The last night found all six on the family room floor in a happy family group grope like none of them had ever had before. Plans were made for another of these "family reunions" in four months. Myra crashed as soon as the visitors left. Father and son took turns driving and sleeping. Lucy had to be carried to bed from the car. It had been great!

Two days later Lucy told hir girlfriends about the wild weekend. Alice was rubbing her clit and stated that she wanted to go along next time. Wow, four cocks to choose from! She came right in front of the others. Becky exclaimed, "I fucked around quite a bit before, and while, I dated Brian, but never did ANYTHING like that! I doubt Brian could handle it...but I'd sure like to try!" The other gals pouted, "How could Brian NOT want to fuck us?" Becky laughed, "I know he does! He's just not ready to share me that much!" Lucy chimed in, "So HE owns YOUR pussy? That's not the way it works for me and James!" Becky continued, "I used to not go more than three months without trying out a new cock. I only gave up fucking my last boyfriend six months ago even though we were engaged for a year. I just need variety and Brian knows it. Do you see how hard he gets when I do everything but fuck the other guys? He even talks about it when we are screwing." Lucy piped up, "He couldn't resist if me and Alice ganged up on him. How about this? Alice can do the dick rub belly cum thing you did at the last pee party. That will get him hard. I'll blind him with my tits and she'll jump his cock. By the time I let him see what's going on it will be too late. You just be close and hold his hand while she fucks him and then I want him too. That should open the door for you!" Becky grinned, "That's a plan!" They all wished their man, or any other one for that matter, was home right then. 

One evening, James and Lucy lay together, joined at the crotch, the way they usually had meaningful conversations. James observed, "I am amazed, with as much fucking as I know you do, how the busy beaver I am buried in right now always feels like that first time together." Lucy smiled, squeezed his buried erection with her talented cunt, and replied, "You, of all people, should realize how perfectly your erection fits my vagina. I've never had any other one that so exactly fills my natural depth and width. And you know that I don't just lie there like a lump when I am fucking...my pelvic muscles get quite a workout for everyone's greater pleasure. I love it when a hard cock is thrusting in me and sometimes I don't even care who it is attached to. It just makes me feel so happily female. Since I try to get my pussy exercised at least once a day, and preferably more, I always stay in great shape for you. I know you realize how sex is different with each person. With you, it is "good", with others it is "wicked" and when it's you AND another it is both at the same time. Each of my men, even the old man with the small pecker and almost no semen, is enjoyable, but you are by far the best because you the only one in my heart! Thank you for loving me...you are a special man..."

James kissed her as he slowly slid his erection in and out of Lucy's wonderful pussy. He softly said, "I didn't think I could love again, but I am very much in love with you. I never thought that love would be with a woman so much younger than me or so sexually free, but with you it seems right. You know how I enjoy the unique pleasures of each other woman, but with them it always seems 'good', not 'wicked'! Maybe you've taught me that, like you've taught me lots of other things. I guess we are a pretty good pair!" Lucy murmured her agreement and picked up the pace of their loving.

Plans were afoot for a week long "family" reunion in the summer. That will be a story all in itself. Stay tuned... 