Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Models Chapter Three: Daughter's Shameful & Wanton Secret
Story Codes: MFF mc inc oral facial anal A2M spank exhib voy
Summary: The good daughter's shameful and naughty secret is discovered and only her daddy's mind control can save her!

Derrick Carpenter

I ached to jerk off to the newest video that my twin daughters had sent me, the one of Heidi eating out Jaclyn, but my wife was freaking out. She had found something in our oldest daughter's bedroom. Ann-Katherine was a good girl. A college student. Straight-A student.

The one of our four daughters I was least worried about.

She hadn't been like our youngest Bell who was posting nudes on OnlyFans to make money. Nor was she spending all her time at the mall like the twins, Heidi and Jaclyn. While they had jobs at a clothing store, it was so they could have the money to buy what they wanted from said clothing store.

They probably were just paid in store credit.

But Ann-Katherine (or just Ann, for short) causing my wife to panic? Fuck.

I grabbed my phone and called my wife. The phone barely rang before she picked up and gasped, I found a porn video in Ann's bedroom!

The panic in my wife's voice over that made me smile. Well, that's not the end of the world. She's twenty-two. She's bound to have

She's on the cover! Karin gasped, her voice almost shrill to the point of hurting my ears. She's the star!

My stomach lurched. My daughter was making porn? Not just putting nudes and maybe videos of her naked or masturbating on OnlyFans, but real porn? With other men? Bile burned in the back of my throat.

You have to come home, Karin begged.

I'm at work, I said. I... I stared at my computer. At Instagram. My Chaz profile was open. The one that mind-controlled people. I couldn't think of any other way to describe what happened. Whatever comment I typed on someone's Instagram post caused them to do it. And caused others to accept it.

When I fell into the corrupt lust to fuck my youngest daughter, my wife had caught us. Only she had believed all the things I had typed. How good girls suck their daddies' cocks and beg to be fucked by him. She had further embraced having a threesome with our youngest. Once I had a taste of that, I had to expand to the twins today. Now...

Now I could have Chaz comment on my boss's Instagram post and get out of todayswork. It was a brilliant plan. I loved it. I had to search him out on Instagram, but I quickly found him. He wasn't all that active. Hadn't actually posted anything in a year, and it was something very corporate.

Probably something mandated that all senior managers do to connect with the youths or something. It didn't matter. He had a profile, so I could type on it. You will always think Derrick Carpenter is your best employee and don't care if he does his work or goes home early.

I should have thought of that already. This power was amazing. I don't know why I had it.

Okay, I'm heading home, I told my wife. Just messaged my boss.

Thanks, she said, sounding so relieved. I just... We raised her right, didn't we? I know Bell was always spoiled, but not our Katherine-Ann.

I know, I said. I'll fix it all. Just like I did Bell. And how I'm fixing the twins.

I could hear the smile in my wife's voice. The unvarnished joy. She was so relieved. So thrilled that I was doing this for her. I was just so happy I could do this for her, too. That I could give my wife peace of mind while also...

Getting my dick sucked.

Just as I was standing, my boss replied, You're so right, Chaz! I didn't realize it, but it makes perfect sense! Thanks!

Good, this profile made me into a god or something. I could do such good with it. Just do amazing things. This was so crazy, but I wasn't about to complain. I was going to enjoy this power that I had gained. It was just perfect that I had this.

I took the elevator down to the parking garage, headed to my car, and hopped in. I backed out and I was off. I headed home as fast as I could, but it was a thirty-minute commute. It was midday, so traffic was light. I didn't have to put up with the backups I normally did.

My wife was pacing in the living room when I got home. She looked so relieved to see me when I burst in. Her blonde hair swayed around her youthful face. She was forty, like me, but she still looked like she was in her twenties. Her large breasts swelled the t-shirt she wore. In her hands, she clutched the DVD.

I could see our daughter on the front. Katherine-Ann was on there naked. I hadn't realized how big our daughter's boobs were. I knew the twins had tits as big as their mother, but Ann always dressed down. She didn't flaunt her beauty. She had never looked sexy but nerdy.

She had her glasses on but nothing else. Her legs were spread wide. She was shaved, her pussy lips open. She has this cum-hither look on her face while the title was, Step-Daughter Caught by Daddy Vol 32. 

What the fuck? I groaned. I took the DVD from my wife and turned it over. There were shots of my daughter sucking a skeezy-looking guy's dick and being fucked doggy style. The last one was him cumming on her glasses. What the fucking fuck?

I felt nauseated.

I know, Karin said, tears in her eyes. Look at that. He's... I mean... that's... Oh, god, look what he's done to our little girl while he pretends to be...
I swallowed. I don't get this. She's going to college. She's getting good grades. She's a good girl. What is this?

This was what I feared for Bell. That she would have ended up here, but Ann already was. I stared at that image of her dripping with her step-daddy's cum. I wanted to throw up. That should be my cum. I was her father. Why wasn't she doing that to me?

You have to get Chaz to comment on her, my wife said. Everyone listens to Good Guy Chaz.

Yeah, I said and sank down on the couch. I tossed the DVD on the coffee table. I couldn't look at that. Yeah, Chaz will straighten this out.

I pulled out my phone and found Ann's profile. It was mainly just her talking about school. A few pics with her and her friends out of a coffee house. Nothing sexual. Nothing implied she was a secret porn star.

On her latest post, I commented as Chaz, Come home and strip naked. Then tell your parents about why you're doing porn and why you'll never do it again because you're a good girl who would never do that. You'll apologize then lick your mother's cunt while begging your father to sodomize you. Then you'll suck his dick clean while he spanks you with the belt.

I posted it, my stomach squirming. My heart pounded so fast I couldn't believe that this was happening. It was a nightmare. My wife sank down on the couch beside me and patted my knee. She glanced at her phone.

That's perfect, honey, she said. I'm so glad I have you to keep our daughters in line.

Yeah, I said. We should get naked. Be ready to help her out.

Right. My wife smiled. She didn't have a problem with anything I typed. With us doing things with our daughter. She thought it was perfectly natural. That was the power of the Chaz profile. I couldn't do it with my own, I didn't think.

But Chaz. There was nothing that Good Guy Chaz couldn't do. If he gave the advice, it was followed. He was a stud that way. 

I took off my tie and dress shirt as my wife pulled off the t-shirt she wore. Her big boobs were held in a gray bra. She liked that one. A comfortable bra. She unveiled her large tits which spilled out and bounced before her. She shoved off her jeans next while I was still working on my dress shirt.

I took that off and my undershirt. My wife was wiggling out of her jeans, her lovely boobs
 bouncing. They were enhanced, a gift from me. H-cups that were so ripe and perfect. Not a bit of sag. 
So fucking lovely to stare at.

Karin stepped out of her jeans and pushed off her panties. Her trimmed, blonde bush appeared. She rolled her panties down while my dick was so hard. We were going to fuck our oldest. And there were still the twins we had to enjoy. We'd just have family orgies.

And I bet I could help out others. Fix others' daughters, or correct bitchy women's behavior. There were a lot of cunty women out there. I didn't use the K name. Though my wife wasn't quite a Karen but a Karin, it still annoyed her when people used it. She liked Betty better.

She wasn't one of those types.

This power was amazing. Intoxicating. I had to use it.

Naked, my wife and I waited for our daughter to come home. The college wasn't far away, so she was soon arriving. I heard the garage door open. She stored her bike in there. The garage door clattered shut. The kitchen door opened and Katherine-Ann appeared.

Our oldest slouched in, her shoulders hunched. She adjusted her glasses as she came up to her mother and me, not commenting on our nudity because she started stripping. Right there in front of us. My dick was so hard.

I had to fix my daughter. I had to love her.

Tears misted her eyes as she pulled off the t-shirt she wore. She had a plain bra on. Nothing fancy. White. Utilitarian. I could see that she did have Double D's. The baggy tops she liked to wear hid how busty she was. She undid her bra, staring at us. 

Her young tits came out. Her boobs were like how Karin's were when we first married. Big and lush and firm. Just such delicious tits topped by pink nipples. Hard nubs. Ann took off her jeans next. She worked those down to reveal her white panties.

I loved the way my daughter's boobs jiggled.

I had to be stern, though. Despite how hard my cock was. She had to learn her lesson and never star in porn again. I knew she would, but I still felt compelled to play this role. She stepped out of her jeans, kicking them off her feet.

D-daddy, she whimpered as she pushed off her panties. I... I... Daddy! I'm so sorry! I've done something so bad.

What, honey? I asked softly as she rolled her panties down her thighs. She pushed them past her knees, bending over so her face was almost eye-level with my dick. What have you done?

I... I... She stepped out of her panties. Her blue eyes teared up behind her glasses. I starred in a porno. A hardcore porno. A few of them. Her cheeks burned red. She stared down at the ground, squirming there naked. I... I... I'm so sorry, Daddy!

She quivered there, scared. Ashamed. 

Okay, I said. Why? Why did you star in one?

Yes, honey, Karin said. 

I... I started thinking that I was just so... vanilla. She bit her lower lip. I never really dated. I had only had sex once. I was boring. Not having fun, and I just wanted to be wild. Just once. I... I heard through the grapevine that a porn company was looking for college girls. They wanted to have real, fresh faces. Have us masturbating. That was supposed to be it. Just masturbating, but...

But after you did, the producer offered you work, I said, anger at this guy growing. It swelled in me. 

Yes. She swallowed. I was scared. We did this first-time video. They were all so friendly. Made me feel like I was a star. Special. Then we started filming, and it was so degrading and yet... I got off on it. And they wanted more and more. Each time I felt so filthy, but I couldn't stop myself, Daddy.

Tears spilled down her cheeks. She shuddered there, sobbing hard. Karin hugged her, their naked bodies pressing together. It wasn't intended as a sexual hug. It was a mother comforting her daughter, but that didn't change how hot it was seeing their big boobs pressing together. 

I'm so sorry, Mommy! Ann clung to Karin. I'm so very, very sorry. I won't do it ever again. I'll stop. I promise I'll stop! I won't ever degrade myself again. She stared at me, her eyes full of tears that spilled down her cheeks. I won't, Daddy.

I believe you, I told her. Your mother and I are disappointed in you, but we don't hate you. We don't think any less of you for doing this disgusting thing.

Ann quivered. Daddy.

We love you, I told her. You just can't ever do it again.

I won't! She said it with such certainty. The power of Chaz's comment. It had reached through to her. She wouldn't do it again. No matter how much she was hooked on it. I smiled at that. A big smile spread on my lips because I had saved my daughter from porn. 

We love you so much, Karin said. We'll do whatever it takes to help you give up porn.

I... My daughter quivered. I got  hooked on some things, and I really have to apologize to you, so... Mommy, can I eat your pussy as Daddy fucks me in the ass?

Of course, you can, honey, Mom said. If that's how you have to apologize, and if you need to have sex with us to help you get over your porn addiction and shame, your father and I are more than happy to make love to you.

Fuck, I loved Chaz's profile. My dick was throbbing hard as my wife broke from our daughter and led her to the couch. This was so hot. My dick was aching so much as Karin sank down on the couch, her big, fake tits quivering. She spread her legs wide.

Please, please, eat my pussy, my wife cooed to our daughter.

Yes, Mommy, purred Ann. She sank to her knees and nuzzled her face into her mother's blonde bush to lick at her pussy. As she ate out my wife, Ann wiggled her hips. Her rump jiggled before me. I shuddered at the sight of my daughter's hot ass.

God, she was so sexy. I dropped to my knees as I pressed my cock toward her shaved pussy. Ann's cunt dripped with more and more juices. A tangy aroma filled my nose. It was a delicious one. I groaned at how delightful it was as I pressed my cock into my daughter's cunt.

I plowed into her pussy, savoring having her twat wrapped around me. She was just such a delightful twat. I groaned, loving every moment of being in her. She squeezed her cunt around my dick. She held me tight with that hot pussy. It was an excellent delight to have all that hot cunt wrapped around my dick. Just spectacular. 

I loved every second of that pussy around my dick. A big smile spread on my lips as I soaked my dick in my daughter's pussy. He moaned into my wife's cunt. Karin watched on, her blue eyes burning with delight.

Oh, honey, moaned Mom. Oh, you know how to eat pussy.

I... My daughter clenched her cunt down on my dick. It doesn't matter how I know.

No, I said and pulled my cock out of her pussy dripping in her cum. You're our good girl again. You don't ever have to think about what you did. It's in the past.

Yes, Daddy, she cooed as I slid the crown of my dick up her taint to her asshole. I pushed against her backdoor. Oh, Daddy, yes, yes, ass-fuck me! Please, please, pound my naughty ass!

I loved her words as I drilled against her backdoor. She had such an amazing asshole that widened and widened for my pussy-lubed dick. Her anal ring stretched over the crown of my dick as I sank into my firstborn's asshole.

Ann moaned into her mother's pussy as I sank into that tight, velvety sheath. I loved having my daughter's bowels around my cock. It was amazing to sink into her asshole. I groaned, loving every last second of it. This was fantastic.

Shit, I groaned as I bottomed out in Ann's bowels.

Oh, Daddy, you have such a big dick, I groaned, savoring that tight asshole wrapped around my dick. Ooh, yes, yes, that's just perfect. I love it. I love it so much.

Enjoy, honey, cooed my wife. Ooh, get that tongue back into my pussy. Oh, yes, yes, that's where you're from. Oh, you naughty girl. Keep licking me!

I loved those sounds as I drew back my cock. My dick throbbed as my daughter's asshole held my cock tight. She gripped my dick with her bowels. It was a fantastic sensation. I groaned, loving every moment of that hot asshole around my dick. I buried back into her anal sheath. Her bowels melted around my cock.

It was fantastic to enjoy. I thrust into her twat deep and hard. I fucked into her bowels with such hard strokes. It was an incredible rush to pump away at her anal sheath. I buried into her hard and fast. I fucked her with powerful strokes.

It was an incredible rush to fuck her ass  again and again. I plowed into her over and over again. I loved the way her bowels clenched about me. She held me tight with her velvety sheath. I groaned, reveling in the taboo delight of ass-fucking my daughter.

Shit, Ann! I grunted, pounding her anal sheath. Oh, shit, you got a great ass!

You have an amazing dick, Daddy! my daughter moaned into her mother's pussy. Ooh, ooh, I'm going to cum so hard on your dick!

 You better! my wife purred. She shuddered on the couch, her big boobs jiggling. She gripped a fistful of our daughter's sandy-blonde hair. Oh, keep licking my cunt! Oh, yes, yes, I can feel how much you love me, Ann!

I love you so much, Mommy! she moaned, her asshole gripping my dick. 

She held me tight as I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked her anal sheath with hard strokes. My crotch smacked her rump. Her butt-cheeks jiggled as she moaned into her mother's cunt. The sounds she made were so delicious.

I loved them as I buried my dick into her bowels over and over again. I buggered my daughter as I made her squirm and shudder. She squeezed her asshole down around my dick. It was such an incredible rush to do that. 

I loved the way her anal sheath gripped me. She had such a delightful asshole. She massaged my cock with her wonderful anal sheath. I savored every plunge into her bowels. I loved the way her asshole clamped down on my dick.

She held me tight as I fucked her with everything that I had. I plowed to the hilt in her asshole again and again. I thrust deep and hard into her bowels. I fucked her with such force, reveling in the delight of fucking her.

Daddy! she moaned into her mother's pussy.

That's right, cooed my wife. You cum on your daddy's cock. Good girls love making their fathers cum!

I want to be a good girl! Ann's bowels squeezed so hard on my dick.

You are! I groaned. You're proving yourself to be such a good girl. Now make your mother cum! Make her cum so hard!

Yes, Daddy! my oldest moaned. 

Her anal sheath squeezed about me. I shuddered as I loved buggering my firstborn. I slammed my dick to the hilt in her bowels. I buried deep and hard into her asshole. It was incredible thrusting away at her. I rose toward my orgasm. She gripped me with her asshole. I swelled toward that moment of eruption. 

I would have such a huge climax. Just a mighty one. 

I ached for that so much. I shuddered as I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath, my nuts heavy with my cum. They slapped into her taint. My wife trembled, her eyes squeezing shut. She had to be close to cumming. She squirmed, loving what our daughter did to her.

Oh, yes, yes, just like that, honey, she moaned. Just like that. You're doing such a great job, honey. Oh, yes, yes, you're going to make me... me... cum!

She bucked, her passion echoing through the room. It was so wild to hear my wife cumming like that. She trembled, her boobs bouncing and heaving. They slapped together. The way they rippled was delicious. I loved it so much. 

She quivered there, her moans echoing through the room. They were a delight to hear. I loved the sounds my wife made as she drowned our daughter in pussy cream. Karin's big boobs heaved. Ann moaned, her bowels clamping down around my cock.

Daddy! she whimpered. Oh, Daddy, yes!

Her asshole went wild around my cock. I loved the way her bowels gripped my dick. She held my cock in her tight asshole. I groaned, fucking her anal sheath with my hard cock. I buried into her again and again. I loved the way her bowels massaged my dick. 

Fuck, I grunted as I erupted into her anal sheath.

I pumped my daughter's asshole full of my cum. I flooded her with all my jizz. The pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my eyes. I trembled through all this bliss. It was an incredible thrill to have all this pleasure surging through me.

Ann! I groaned as I flooded my firstborn's asshole with my jizz.

Daddy! Daddy! she moaned, her anal sheath sucking at my dick. Oh, that's so good!

Her anal sheath nursed at my erupting dick. Her spasming flesh rippled around me, drawing out the cum from my balls. I groaned, gripping her hips. I erupted over and over into her anal sheath. I shuddered as the pleasure slammed through me.

It was outstanding. I shuddered through all the heat. I loved the pleasure burning through me. Stars shot across my vision. A big smile spread on my lips. It was outstanding. I loved that treat. I savored every last eruption into her bowels.

Daddy! she whimpered as I erupted a final time into her anal sheath.

I know, honey, I groaned. 

Yes, yes, you're such a good daughter, my wife moaned, a big smile on her lips from her orgasm. She looked so happy. 

Of course, she was. I had saved our eldest from degrading herself. She wouldn't ever make porn again. She would just love her mother and me. She would just give her body to us. I couldn't wait to cum on her face and drench her glasses in my jizz. Why should a stranger get that delight and not me?

I was her father! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Katherine-Ann Ann Carpenter

Daddy pulled his cock out of my asshole. I whimpered and turned around to stare up at him. Daddy, I was such a bad girl for making porn. I know I did something very wrong. You have to spank me, Daddy! You have to spank my ass while I suck your dick clean.

He stared down at me, his face flushed. Yes, I do. Get my belt. 

I spotted his discarded clothes. I crawled to him, licking my lips. Mommy had such a yummy pussy. I had licked a few in porn, but this time I had enjoyed it. The tart flavor coated my taste buds. My big boobs swayed beneath me.

I reached for his belt. I pulled the leather belt through the loops of his gray slacks. I felt his and Mommy's eyes on me. I shuddered at that. This wave of heat rushed through me. It was so naughty to do this, but it had to be done.

I would show Daddy that I was a good girl. I was his good girl.

I turned back to him and thrust the belt out before me. I presented it to him so he could spank my naughty ass. He took the belt and slid it through his hands, his dick throbbing before him. The sound of the slide of flesh on leather made me shiver. 

I opened my mouth wide, leaned forward, and swallowed his dirty dick. The sour flavor of my asshole suffused my taste buds. I groaned at how good that tasted. I shuddered at the earthy musk. It was such a wicked thing to do.

I showed Daddy how much I loved him by doing it.

I stared up at him, nursing on him. Mom watched. Her eyes were on this. I could feel that as I nursed on Daddy's dirty dick. I buffed his cock clean, my tongue swirling around his tongue as he stared down at me with those intense eyes.

He swung the belt. 

CRACK!

The pain exploded across my butt-cheeks. I whimpered around his dick. I suckled hard on him as the heat swept through me. I shuddered here, my butt-cheeks jiggling. The heat was intense. It was delicious. I suckled on him with hunger. I nursed on him with passion. 

He drew back the belt, his cock twitching in my mouth. I quivered there, wanting him to swing down on me again. He slapped the belt down into my rump again. 

CRACK! 

The pain exploded across my rump. I moaned around his dirty dick.

I squealed, tears beading my eyes. My ass burned from the spanking.

We trusted you, said Daddy, staring down at me as I nursed on his cock.

We did, honey, said Mommy. We thought you were a responsible girl. 

CRACK!

My ass burned so hot. I squeezed my eyes shut against the heat that melted down to my cunt. It soaked there. I shuddered as more juices dripped down my thighs. My butt-cheeks clenched. Daddy's cum dribbled out of my asshole and ran down my taint.

I let them down. 

CRACK!

We love you, Daddy said. So we have to make sure you've learned your lesson.

I moaned around his cock, sucking hard on him. I couldn't speak with his big dick in my mouth. So I had to show him that I understood by sucking with all my might on his cock. My tongue swirled around his shaft, the sour flavor of my ass facing. 

CRACK!

You were a bad girl for doing porn! Daddy growled. 

CRACK! 

You won't ever do it again, will you?

I shook my head as I loved his cock. 

CRACK! 

I squealed around his dick as my pussy grew so hot. My pussy dripped with such excitement. I loved how the heat melted down to my rump. This was so intense to have the spanking... make me so wet. 

CRACK! 

I enjoyed being spanked by Daddy.

No, no, you'll be a good girl, Daddy said, my ass burning. More cum dribbled out of my asshole as I moaned around his dick. You'll be our good girl. 

CRACK! 

I stared up at him, whimpering and nodding. I would be. I was their good girl.

We love you so much, Ann, Mom said. We need you to be a good girl. We just want what's best for you! 

CRACK! 

And you're showing us that you're growing, honey, continued Mommy. Begging to be spanked, cleaning your daddy's dick after he fucked his ass, these are all great signs. But you have to keep showing us. 

CRACK!

I squealed around Daddy's cock. I would. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his cock as my pussy burned as much as my ass. Tears dribbled down my cheeks from the intensity of the stinging pain while my cunt cream trickled down my thighs from how wet I was.

The sour flavor of my ass had faded, replaced only by the saltiness of Daddy's precum. I suckled hard on him as he threw the belt down. He grinned at me. He was happy with me. I was so glad. I quivered as I nursed on him.

He groaned as I worked my lips up and down his cock. I stroked him, wanting to have him cum in my mouth. I ached to taste my daddy's seed. I trembled, so ready for that moment when he erupted. I craved it so much.

Fuck, yes, she's being such a good girl, groaned Daddy as he stared at Mommy.

I knew she would be, cooed Mommy.

I was so glad that Chaz had posted that comment. It changed everything. I had lacked the courage to stop doing this myself. I was terrified of my parents finding out. My friends. He had gotten it all out in the open. I was even sucking on my Daddy's cock.

That step-daughter porn I had done had been so exciting, but now I enjoying incest for real. That was so hot. I didn't have to pretend this was Daddy's cock in my mouth because it was. He had fucked my asshole. He had done such naughty things to me.

I loved it so much. I nursed with all my passion on him as he groaned. His strong hand stroked through my hair. I loved that so much. I suckled on him with all my might, drool trickling down my cheek. I nursed hard.

With all my passion.

Fuck, he groaned. Oh, fuck that's good. That's really, really good.

I winked at him.

Yes, yes, you know what you're doing, he groaned. You're making me feel so amazing. Just so awesome, honey.

I squealed around his cock as I suckled on him. I nursed with all my might on his dick. It was an incredible rush to do this. My cheeks hollowed. Drool ran down my chin. I suckled on him with all my might. I nursed with everything that I had on him. He groaned as I did that. My dick throbbed in his mouth.

That's it, he groaned. Oh, god, that's it. You're going to get a big mouthful of cum.

I squealed in delight.

Yes, yes, you are, he panted, but... He ripped his cock out of my mouth. I have to cum on your face! On your glasses!

Yes, Daddy, I moaned, grabbing his dick soaked in my saliva. I pumped away at him. Cum on your good girl's face, Daddy! Just erupt on me! Please, please!

Fuck! he groaned and erupted.

His cock spurted blast after blast of cum, splashing across the lenses of my glasses. The world grew white as more of his cum splashed on my nose and forehead. I opened my mouth wide, catching his salty cum on my tongue.

He grunted with each eruption. His cock pulsed in my hand. This was so exciting to have his cum splashing on my cheeks and forehead. He soaked me with his seed. I whimpered as he painted me in his jizz, marking me as his good girl.

Ann! he groaned as more of his cum erupted. He pumped more and more of his jizz on me. It was such a rush. Shit!

He erupted one last time. I quivered there, so glad that I was Daddy's good girl. I was so happy to be his. I loved this so much. I could just see him through streaks of cum on my glasses. He panted there, a big smile on his lips as he stared down at his handiwork.

I was so glad to be his good girl 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

Ann looked so sexy covered in my cum. My pearly jizz coated her lenses, gathering in globs. More ran down her cheeks and nose. She licked up some of it while drops landed on her big boobs. It was so hot to drench her like that.

To coat her in my cum.

I won't ever do porn again, my good girl promised as she dripped in my seed. I won't, Daddy! I'm your good girl!

I smiled at her. I know, honey. You won't ever do this again. Now. Clean off your glasses.

She pulled them off and licked my cum off the lenses. I shuddered at the sight of her pink tongue stroking over the glass. She gathered my pearly spunk, leaving streaks behind. My dick lurched at the sight. I could do anything to her.

Anything I wanted.

I loved the sight of her cleaning off my cum. Soon, she was using her fingers to gather up jizz off her cheeks to bring the pearly treat to her lips. She licked my spunk off her digits, moaning as she did. It was quite the sight.

Such a stirring vista.

My dick throbbing, I sank down on the couch and grabbed my phone. I found my daughter's profile and saw that more than a few of her friends were posting such supportive comments beneath the Chaz one. 

I added a new one. Good girls are always wet and ready to please their daddies and their mommies in any way possible. When their daddy or mommy needs satisfaction, a good girl is not only read but eager to obey.

I posed the comment and looked at my daughter. Ride my dick.

Yes, Daddy, she said. Ooh, I'm so wet and ready to ride your dick.

I smiled at that while my wife grinned. She's such a good girl. You did it.

Yep, I said. And she knows that a good girl has to please her mother and father in any way possible.

My wife beamed as our firstborn straddled me. Ann grabbed my cock and held it upright. She pressed it right for her pussy. I shuddered as she rubbed me up and down her wet slit. Her juices coated my tip.

She smiled at me, my cum dripping down her face, and plunged her cunt down my dick. Daddy! I love you! 

I felt her love as she took every inch of my dick into her pussy. Her back arched and her big boobs jiggled. My wife shuddered as she shifted onto her knees. She leaned over and licked up my cum off our daughter's face.

With that cum on her tongue, my wife kissed our daughter. Ann's pussy clamped down hard on my cock. She moaned as she shared my cum with her mother. I shuddered as my daughter slid her twat up my dick, moaning into the kiss with her mother.

Her hot pussy massaged my cock as she slipped up to the pinnacle of my rod. It was an incredible rush. I loved that heat. Ann plunged back down me. The pleasure melted to my balls. The heat soaked them as she rode me.

My daughter's big boobs bounced before me as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. She made out with her mother, their tongues dancing together in such a delicious sight. I loved it so much. My cock was throbbing. On fire.

Damn, I breathed, loving the sight of my wife and daughter making out before my eyes while my daughter worked her cunt up and down my dick.

Ann broke the kiss and cooed, Did you like seeing me kiss Mommy and share your cum with her?

Of course he did, cooed my wife. He's a man. They love seeing naughty things like that.

Yes, we do, I said as my wife licked up more cum off our daughter's neck, gathering up all that salty jizz.

They kissed again. I groaned, my dick throbbing in my daughter's cunt. It was such a thrill to see that. Just a hot delight to witness that naughty moment. A big smile spread on my lips at what I was witnessing.

It was fantastic to see. Just a thrill to have that hot cunt working down my cock as my wife and daughter shared my cum. The incestuous thrill shot through me. My nuts swelled with the pressure to cum. I loved this so much. I could do anything.

I grabbed my phone and started making a one-handed comment on my twins' shared Instagram page. Quit your job and come home. Good girls don't have to work. They just have to obey their daddies and pleasure him and their mommies. They have to be ready to use their nubile bodies to make their daddies and mommies happy. They also need to love their sisters.

I posted the comment and dropped my phone on the end table, savoring that hot cunt working up and down my dick. I loved it so much. This was just a fantastic rush to have that delicious snatch working up and down my cock.

My dick throbbed in my daughter's pussy. Her hot cunt brought me closer and closer to cumming. She plunged her snatch down my dick then slid back up me. She moaned as she did that, breaking her kiss with her mother. 

SMACK!

My wife's hand slapped down on our daughter's rump. Ann's cunt clenched down around my cock as my wife cooed, Ride your daddy!

I am, Mommy! Ann moaned, her pussy working up and down my cock. Oh, I am. I'm riding Daddy. He's got such an amazing dick. I love it so much. He's making my pussy feel just so amazing.

Yes, you are, I groaned, savoring that hot pussy working up and down my cock. 

It was fantastic to feel her cunt working up and down my dick. She rode me with her passion. She worked her hot cunt up and down my dick. It was a fantastic rush to have her plunging her cunt down my cock and sliding back up it.

Make your daddy cum in your pussy, my wife cooed. She nuzzled in and licked her ear. That's what good girls do!

I'm a good girl! squealed Ann. I'll make Daddy cum so hard!

Mmm, yes, you will, purred my wife. 

SMACK!

Ann gasped at her mother's second spank. I had welted my daughter's ass, so that must have hurt. But our firstborn just grinned and rode me as fast as she could, her big boobs bouncing. They heaved together, tits slapping. It was an exciting thing to witness.

I loved that so much, my cock throbbing and aching. The pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. I loved it so much. A hot delight spread through my nuts. It was so hot to have her plunging her cunt down my dick. 

I loved it so much. This was a perfect moment. I was so ready to cum in my daughter's snatch.

She moaned as she rode me. Her face twisted with pleasure. She built toward her climax. She gripped my cock with her cunt. I loved that so much. She tossed her head, her sandy-blonde hair dancing around her face.

Oh, Daddy, she whimpered.

That's it, cooed my wife, this wild look in her eyes. Make your Daddy explode!

Yes! I groaned, so close to erupting.

Ann nodded, whimpering as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. The pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. I rose swiftly to it. I would have such a huge climax. Just a big burst of bliss. I couldn't wait for it to explode through me. I was so ready for every last moment of delight to burst from me. 

It would be amazing.

My nuts ached as her hot cunt worked up and down me. She moaned, her pussy squeezing down on me. Her hot twat soaked my dick. I loved how she made me feel amazing. The pleasure swelled me toward that bursting point. I was so close to exploding.

So was she.

Her face twisted in delight.

Her boobs heaved.

I loved the whimpers escaping her lips. 

Cum, I groaned.

Ann gasped as she plunged her cunt down my cock. Daddy!

Her pussy went wild.

Her hot cunt convulsed around my dick. Her hot flesh spasmed. It was an exciting rush to have all that cunt writhing around my shaft. This was just such a hot moment to experience her pussy sucking at my cock. Her fertile twat loved my dick.

Cum in me, Daddy! she moaned. They always pulled out! Cum in my pussy! Be the first man to creampie me!

Yes! I growled and erupted.

I pumped my cum into my daughter's pussy. I flooded her with blast after blast of my cum. It was such a rush to fill her snatch with all that jizz. I loved it so much. I groaned, erupting again and again, flooding her twat with my spunk. 

Oh, that's it, honey! my wife moaned. Just cum in our good girl's pussy. Fill her up!

I am! I groaned, spurting over and over again into her twat. I loved that delight. I savored it so much. It was an incredible rush to cum in her like that. Just fantastic. Oh, shit, that's good!

My daughter's flesh convulsed around me. It was a pure delight to have all that pleasures shooting through me. I grunted with each eruption. My face contorted with each blast of my spunk I dumped into my daughter's hot twat.

Damn, I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into her cunt.

She shuddered and hugged me tightly. Her boobs pressed into my chest as she whimpered. I stroked her back down to her ass. I squeezed her rump. Her pussy rippled around my dick a few more times before her passion ended.

Daddy, my daughter cooed. I love you, Daddy. You made me cum so hard!

He's good at that, my wife said when the front door burst open.

We're home, Mom! said one of my twins. I could tell them apart on sight, but their voices were too similar. 

Yep! said the other twin. They walked in and saw us naked, Ann on my cock. Oh, Dad's home, too. That was Jaclyn. Tots, that's cool.

Cha, Daddy, we have some awesome news! added Heidi. We quit our jobs!

Yes! added Jaclyn. This tots awesome guy just flashed us the truth. We don't need to work. Not when we're good girls!

Cha! Heidi added. Tots, it was the best thing I'd ever heard. We got our Daddy to take care of us. You'll buy us clothes!

And you'll... I arched an eyebrow at them.

Well, if Ann wasn't sitting on your dick, Daddy, we'd tots suck you off, Heidi said.

Tots, Jaclyn added.

I grinned at them. I didn't know where Bell was, probably out with friends, but three of my daughters were there. My dick throbbed as Ann slid off my cock to solve the problem of cock-blocking her younger sisters.

Did you like the vids we sent you, Daddy? Heidi asked as she and her twin started stripping naked.

Vids? my wife asked, a curious smile on her lips.

I didn't get to watch the second one. Had a crisis to deal with. I chuckled. That's being a parent. Have to put your own pleasures on hold for your kids! But we can watch it now.

Yes, I loved our new life. Being Chaz was the best. 

To be continued...
