Surprise Vacation
by N1ckDan9er

Surprise Vacation Ch. 03

There was a soft sound of the waves lapping on the shore. The morning light was coming through the open sliding door. I opened my eyes to see Tim sitting naked at the table on the deck. I got up out of bed, walked out, and sat next to him.

"Do you remember last night? Did we really have sex on the beach next to those other people?" I asked

"Yap, we sure did."

"Are you OK with everything that went on? I mean, Kerry playing with my pussy? Me playing with Kerry's pussy? Me jerking Herb off?"

"I am OK with you and Kerry, and jerking Herb off was a little much." Tim hesitated, "I want you to understand, even though last night was crazy and fun. I am not looking for you to have sex with some other guy, and I don't want to have sex with some other woman. Having sex in front of someone else is OK, or watching someone else but not swapping. Teasing other people is OK, so long as you sleep with me."

"Oh, that sounds perfect; I don't want to be with anyone else but you. But that thing with Kerry was a little fun."

"Ya, it was; I enjoyed watching you. But I don't want you to do anything you not comfortable with for me. So if you liked what you and Kerry did, then I'm OK with it. So long as I am involved. That being said, Kerry sure was horny."

"She sure was, so was I. Thank you for telling me your feelings, I was concerned I may have gone too far last night."

"You were wilder than I have ever seen you, I did like it."

"Good, let's get something to eat; all that sex yesterday has made me hungry."

"We should probably put some clothes on before we go to breakfast."

"I thought I could go like this.

"I'm OK with it, but the resort may look down on it."

"OK, I guess so. What are we doing today? So I can dress for it."

"There is a trail through the hills that leads up to a little waterfall. I packed your hiking shoes."

I opened my bag to see what I could wear, "Tim, there are no shorts in this bag."

"I know; I figured you could wear that blue skirt with the flower blouse."

I pulled the clothes out of the bag; the light blue skirt was so short it just covered my rear end, and the flower blouse is so sheer if you put it up to the light, you could read a newspaper through it. Holding it up towards tim, "Tim, really.

"We are on vacation, remember?"

"OK, your right," I put the skirt on with a sheer white thong under it; the blouse did little to hide my nipples; they were becoming hard with the thought of people seeing them poking out. To top the whole outfit off was my blue hiking shoes.

I put on some make-up, and we headed off for some breakfast. I had become accustomed to the looks I got from other people, and it still turned me on.

We walked down the path to the coffee house. I saw the other couple from last night walking towards us. I didn't get a good look at them; now, I could make out more of their features in the daylight. They looked to be in their late 40's. She was about 5'2, 120 lb.'s, shoulder-length sandy blond hair, and large C-sized breasts. Her nipples were poking through her thin blouse. He was much taller than her, maybe 6'2" 190 lb. 's with dark hair. The legs of his shorts were cut high, just below his crotch. There was a large bulge in the front of the shorts that concealed his large cock. From the size I remembered, I didn't think it was hard.

When they got up to us, they stopped. " Do you remember us from last night?" The man said.

"How could I forget it," I said.

"My name is Sid, and this is Amy."

"Hello, I'm Kim, and this is Tim."

"I can't believe we did that last night," Amy said.

"Ya, that was the most erotic thing Amy and I have ever done."

"It was a first for us too," I said.

"That was the hottest sex Sid, and I have ever had; I am still walking funny."Amy leaned over and whispered in my ear, "It was worth it. Sid saw you yesterday at the beach and wants me to get a bathing suit like that. So we figured it was time for me to show more of my body. Hell, it's worth it for the sex. So we are on the way to find a more revealing one. We got to get going; hopefully, we will see you later on the beach in my new suit. They walked off.

"Amy sure does say what's on her mind," Tim said.

"She sure does; let get something to eat."

We walked into the coffee shop and found a table; I sat down, Tim got in line to place an order. At the table next to us sat a couple in their late 30's. The man was facing the counter; the woman was facing me. She glanced at me, then under the table, noticed me looking, then looked away. I thought nothing about it until I saw her looking under the table again. My legs started doing their own thing and opened a little. The woman's gaze became more intense. The man seemed to be talking to her, but she didn't seem to hear him. Something he said must have broken her stare, and she turned and spoke to him. Just then, Tim walked up with the food and drinks.

"Letting the naughty out again, Kim?"

"What do you mean?"

"I saw what you did, opening your legs to the woman at the other table."

"You did?"

"Yes, do you think she got a good view?"

"I'm not sure, but in a few minutes, I'm sure she will." I got up and went to the bathroom, took my thong off, putting it in my pocket. I slid a finger along my slit; it was moist, "OU." I slid 2 fingers between my labia, making sure to open the lips wide apart. I was convinced that they would stay open, I went back to my seat. I Sat down, making sure to point my legs in her direction. I opened them enough that she had a clear view up my skirt. She acted like she was listening to him, but she would sneak a look my way every so often. I could tell she finally saw my open labia lips because she just stared at them, no longer acting like she was interested in what the man was saying.

He realized she was not paying attention, looked to see what was going on. He looked over at me, then between my open legs, looked back at the woman. She was still staring between my legs. He said something that broke her stare. She looked up at him. He grabbed her hand and pulled her out the door.

Tim looked over, "wow, I didn't expect that."

"Ya, me too!" We finished our food, collected our things, and left. Outside we saw the couple down the street. They talked, at least he was, we couldn't make out what he was saying, but whatever it was, he was unhappy and loud about it. She looked around like she could care less what he was saying and finally looked him in the face. I could not hear her, but I could read her lips; she told him to fuck off. He looked at her in total disbelieve and stormed off.

Tim reached out, took my hand. "Let's get going before we get involved with their issues."

"We probably should." So we headed off toward the hiking trail. It was a pleasant walk through the side streets of the little town. We saw different shops along the way. Some sold clothing, others had food, and a couple had nick-nacks. We needed some water for the hike, so we stopped at one of the shops.

I was waiting for Tim outside as he paid for the water and some food for lunch. From behind me, I heard, "Hello."

I turned around to see the woman earlier; startled, I returned the greeting, "hello."

"Hi, I'm Alex, short for Alexandra. I'm not usually this forward, but I just felt I should meet you."

Still startled, I replied, "I'm Kim," as Tim walked up, "and this handsome man is Tim."

"When I saw you in the coffee shop, I couldn't believe a mature good looking woman would dare to wear such revealing clothing and be so open, not worried if anyone could see her exposed beauty. Then when you opened yourself to my stares, I knew I had to meet you, someone with so much confidence and so sure of themselves. I wish I could wear less clothing and show off more of my body, but I'm concerned about what others think. I seem to get involved with men that become jealous when I dress provocatively. How do you manage the fears and doubts?"

"It was my husband's wish. I was like you, full of self-doubt, worried what people would think of me, but with his help and support. I have let the adventurous side out and also learned what others think does not matter. What matters is how I feel. I love the feeling when others look at me. They look at an older woman with admiration, envy, and lust. It gives me so much confidence and makes me feel powerful. I get high from these feelings. Plus, it makes me so horny."

"I don't mean to interrupt your day, but could you help me?" Alex said.

I looked over to Tim, "What do you say?"

"I guess you can help her, but we are still going on the hike."

"That would be perfect, Alex. You can start off slow; there won't be many people on the hiking trail so that you won't be overwhelmed. Now first, let see what you have on." I looked at Alex; she was wearing a white baggy t-shirt and faded green cargo shorts. "We need to get you some different clothes. I saw a shop a little way back that looked like it has some interesting things in the window. So we headed for the shop.

When we walked in, Alex's face was one of excitement and fear. I went through the racks and pulled out a short pleated lite green skirt and a green halter top. "Alex, try these on." I handed them to her. She then went to the dressing room, after a few minutes, she came out. The outfit looked great on her. The skirt came down just below the top of her knees. The halter was buttoned up to the collar. "We need to fix this," I went over and undid the buttons of the halter to expose her cleavage. Then pulled the skirt up a few inches, so the skirt's hem ended an inch or two below her butt cheeks. "Now spin around." As she did, the dress flared out, exposing her white cotton panties. I walked up to her, "These are just not going to do." I reached over and quickly lifted her skirt and pulled her panties down. Alex looked like she was going to faint but managed to hold it together. "Now step out. Good thing you wore some tennis shoes; you will need them for the hike.

We paid for the clothes, headed out, Tim on my left and Alex on my right. We walked to the beginning of the trail; we saw some other hikers. As we passed them, I lifted the back of Alex's skirt, exposing her bare ass so that anyone could see. Alex tried to pull her skirt back down, but I held it tight and wouldn't let her. "Do you want my help? If you keep pulling your dress back down, you might as well turn around and head back to that guy you were with."

Alex put her hands to her sides. "That's better." Everyone we passed, I would lift her skirt. We got lots of looks; a couple of guys even started to follow us. That is until their wives grabbed their arms and pulled them back. After a while, she stopped resisting. The trail became sparsely populated, with fewer people around. Alex must have felt more confident because she began to lift her skirt and even raised mine. The trail started to become narrower and rougher. Tim led the way, Alex next, and I brought up the rear.

Being behind allowed me to look up her skirt when she had to climb a rock. She had a pretty pussy; she mainly was shaven, except for a neatly trimmed landing strip. When she had to climb larger rocks, she had to step up higher; her labia lips would spread open, allowing me to see her wet inner lips. I noticed a trickle of her juices running down her leg. We came up to a huge rock; she stretched her left leg higher to get up. Haft way up, she stopped, looked back. "You like?"

"Yes, you like showing yourself too."

"I never thought it would turn me on to have anyone seeing me almost naked,"

"Tim, why don't we take a break. Let's sit on those rocks over there."

We were off the trail far enough so anyone walking along wouldn't see us easily. Alex found a rock to sit on; she pulled up her skirt and sat down. Her legs fell open; looking around, she noticed Tim looking between her legs. Smiling, she moved one of her hands between her legs and began to rub the outside of the smooth labia. Alex looked over to me, undid the halter's last buttons. Allowing fell open, exposing her breasts. They were pale white silky soft, and her areolas were lite brown with perky nipples. They were hard and stood out like pencil erasers. I looked down between her legs; she had 2 fingers sliding between her moist pussy lips. Her thumb was gently rubbing her clit. Her other hand was firmly squeezing one of her hard nipples between her thumb and finger.

I just sat there watching as Alex continued to play with herself, her fingers working in and out of her sloppy wet pussy as her thumb pressed firmly against her swollen clitoris. I have only seen a few women playing with themselves, mostly in porn movies. They didn't excite me, but watching Alex was getting me turned on.

I looked over at Tim, his shorts off, pulling on his hard cock, watching Alex. Looking back to Alex, she had taken off all of her clothes and had 2 fingers in her pussy, legs spread wide, pussy juice was shining in the sunlight. I was so absorbed watching her that I didn't realize that my hand was rubbing my pussy. Alex looked up at me. "Oh, this feels great. You like watching me, don't you?" I just nodded. "Good, I like you watching me. It looks like Tim is enjoying the show too."

Tim was standing next to Alex, stroking his hard-on. "I am so horny," she said, then she got on her knees, spread her legs open, and bent over. Propping herself up with one hand, the other went back to playing with her soaking pussy. She was pushing her fingers deep inside of herself, all the way up to her knuckles. She looked between her legs at me, gave me a wicked smile, pulled her fingers out. Using her own juices, she lubed her butt hole, then slid 1 finger in. "Oh, My, God."

Alex using her hand, began to fuck her ass. "Oh, My, Oh, My." She then pushed the 2nd finger in, "Holy, Shit, That's, Good." Watching Alex fucking herself was so erotic; I was so turned on. I had 2 fingers working my pussy.

I was so lost in lust; I hadn't heard or noticed that a couple were also watching Alex until they were next to me. I looked over, saw an older woman, naked from the waist down, blouse open. At her side was an older man; he was naked and sucking on the woman's breasts. As he moved, I saw his hard cock. The woman struggled to grab it without pulling her tits out of the man's mouth. Finally, he stopped sucking; she quickly bent over in front of him, reached back, grabbed his cock, and guided it to her wet pussy. I heard her say, "I need it bad, Fuck me now." With one thrust, he sank his cock to his balls. "Ah, Ya, That's It, Harder, Harder," The man began to thrust like a dog in heat, all the while the old woman just grunting and yelling, "Harder, Harder, you old man, Fuck, Me like you did when you were 30." The old man quickened his pace and was thrusting so hard; I thought he was going to lift the old lady off the ground.

I looked back at Alex; she was on her back, three fingers deep in her ass. Tim had a hold of her wrist and was forcing her fingers deeper as she fucked herself. He had three fingers of the other hand deep in her pussy, pumping them in and out. Alex now had four fingers in her ass. Tim kept pushing her wrist, trying to get the whole hand into her ass, "Ohhh, Myyy, Fuckkk, Myyy, Asss, Timmmmm, Fuckkk It. Fuck, My, Pussy, Ohhh, Immmm, Gggoooiiinnnggg, ttttooo, Cccuumm." Tim sensed she was going to cum, and pulled his fingers out of her pussy, but continued to pump her hand in her ass. Alex's started squirting cum. Much of it landed over him.

Tim went back to stroking his cock; after a couple of quick strokes, he grunted then sprayed a big load over her tits, belly, and pussy. I began to cum also. As I was cuming, I leaned my head over towards the old couple. The old woman was yelling. "Harder, Harder, you, worthless old fuck, Harder, if you can't keep it up, I will find a new man that can, now fuck me harder."

The old man pulled his cock out of the old woman's cunt, and with one hard thrust, shoved it deep up her ass. "Worthless old fuck, take that you old cunt." The old woman yelled out, "Ya, Oh that's it, I'm, cuming." As she said that, the old man pulled his cock from her ass and sprayed a load over her. We all collapsed on the ground.

It must have been a sight, naked, cum covered bodies lying on the ground. After a while, the old couple stood up, lovingly, look each other in the eyes; the old woman said to the old man, "That was the best sex we have had in years; you haven't fuck my ass in a long time."

"You know I forgot how much we both enjoy it. I will remember to do it more often." They then looked at us.

"Thank you so much." They picked up their clothes, and as they walked off, I heard the old woman say, "When we get out of sight, I want you to fuck my ass again."

"You bet I will."

I looked over to Alex, "How are you?"

With a big grin, she said, "My ass is sore, but I have never cum so hard in my life. If you had told me this morning, I would be naked in front of strangers and loving it, I would had told you your crazy. Now, I don't care if anyone sees me; in fact, it turns me on to expose myself. Plus I never would have considered putting a finger in my ass or allowing anything or anybody in there. Now I love the feeling and want more. Thank you so much."

"Your welcome. We still have a waterfall to see."

"If you don't mind, I'm going to go back and find Ned. He may be an ass hole, but I need to get fucked, and he does have a big dick. I might even talk him into fucking my ass."

"Good luck," Alex gave Tim a big hug and kiss, then came over to hugged me, and as she kissed me, she slipped her tongue down my throat, reached under my skirt, slipped 2 fingers up my pussy.

"If you don't go now, I will throw you on the ground and take advantage of you," I said. Alex just laughed and walked away.

"Well, Tim, I still want to see the waterfall."

"So do I, but only if you lead."

"You just want to look up my skirt."

"I can't help it if I am just an old pervert."

"You sure are. I love you, you old pervert." We started down the trail again. The waterfall turned out to be only another 10 minutes. "I'm hot; let's take a dip."

"Sounds great; I still have Alex's cum all over me and would like to wash it off." After a haft an hour of swimming and soaking up some sun.

"I'm hungry; let's head back and get some lunch."

"Sounds great. After that, let's go back to the beach."

"You really are a pervert."

"Why do you say that?"

"You just want to see Amy in her new bathing suit."

"OK, you got me, but I bet I'm not the only one."

"OK, your right; I want to see her, too."

The walk back to town was nice; there was a gentle breeze that felt good on my skin and under my skirt. It helped to keep my over-active pussy cool. But there were still thoughts in my head that crept in and caused my mind to wander off.

We stopped at a shop, got a sandwich and some beers, headed back to the room to change. Once in the room, I reached in my bag, "Which suit would you like me to wear today?" holding up the thin yellow one piece and the micro two-piece suit.

"Why don't you wear the yellow one."

"Sure." We changed and took our food and headed for the beach. It was about 2:00 by the time we made it to the beach.


4