STAYING WARM (Part 1 bF enema mast)
By PJ Caldwell
Copyright 2015 
	"MOM!"
	Cindy ran to Connor's bedroom.  She could hear the pain in her little boy's voice.
	She opened the door to see him sitting on his bed, doubled over.  His face was nearly to his knees, and what she could see of his face was fire-engine red.
	"What's wrong, sweetie?" She tried to sound calm, but she hoped he didn't hear her voice crack.
	"My tummy... it feels like someone punched me... and I want to walk but I don't think I can."  Connor tried to sound brave, but she could hear the desperation in his young voice.  "I need to go to the bathroom, but I haven't been able to go since the funny science guys were on TV."
	"Funny science guys?" she thought. "That's his name for `The Big Bang Theory,' and THAT was on Thursday," Cindy thought.  It was now Saturday morning, so he hadn't had a movement in almost thirty-six hours.  "Poor thing."
	"Baby?" She came over to him and kneeled down to hold his face up to her gaze.  "Can you walk with me to the bathroom?"  He nodded weakly.  She took his hand and led him to the bathroom down the hallway.
	"Mom?  Why are we in here?" Connor sounded very unsure.
	"I'm going to give you an enema, honey... I'm going to use the hot water bottle to put some water into your tummy and if that's all that's wrong, it will make you go to the bathroom.  That should be all you need to make your tummy feel better." Cindy rummaged around the vanity to find the bottle and its tubing.
	"Water in my tummy?  You want me to drink a glass?" Conner asked.
	"No, baby, I'm going to put the water into your behind.  You may be blocked right near your butthole, and the water will make it easier for you to poop."
	"But I HURT there!  Won't it be worse?"
	"It will only hurt for a minute, honey... I promise."  Cindy turned the sink on to mix the water to a good temperature. "Take off your shorts and underwear, and climb up onto the vanity here."  He undressed and climbed up with his mother holding him arm.  "Lean over the sink and put your hands on the mirror to hold yourself."  As he leaned forward, she finished filling the water bottle, capped it off with the stopper, and hung it above the sink on a hook next to the mirror.  She opened the vanity underneath the sink and pulled out a jar of petroleum jelly.  She opened the jar and ran her finger through the gooey mass.  She smeared most of what was on her finger up and down the nozzle at the end of the tube; what was left over she greased onto his poor anal pucker.  "Hold still, baby, I'm going to slide this little nozzle inside you.  It may hurt for just a minute, bit it will all be over soon."  She slid the nozzle into his anus and clicked the water on.
	Connor felt the pain of the nozzle slide into his little behind.  Then he felt the rush of the water going into his backside.  It didn't hurt, but it didn't feel good, either.  It felt like Mom was pouring gallons of water into him.  He shivered.  "Mom... I feel cold.  My butt and my thing are feeling cold."
	Cindy reflexively used the hand she wasn't using to control the enema tube and cupped his small penis and balls.  She started to instinctively rub his little member and she felt it getting as hard as a boy's dick could get before she realized she was almost masturbating her son.
	For his part, Connor felt a rush of warmth going down to his tummy and his thing.  Mom's hand felt like heaven... it gave him more relief than the enema felt like it was doing.  The enema made him feel like his stomach was filled with an entire swimming pool full of water.
	Cindy noticed the water bottle was empty, so she gently pulled the nozzle out of her son's anus and placed her index finger on his pucker.  Okay, sweetie.  Let's give your tummy a quick, gentle rock, then you go sit on the toilet and try to poop."  She helped him gently down from the counter and walked him to the edge of the bathtub.  Cindy then opened her legs apart so she could sit him on her left leg - the leg closest to the toilet - and sat him on her thigh.  She placed her left palm on his back just above the crack of his bottom, and once again cupped her other hand over his jewels, then gently bounced her leg up and down to work the water inside him.
	Connor felt the heaviness of the water in his stomach; he wanted to poop so badly, but his mom's hand on his thing made it bearable.  The pain in his stomach was going away, too, replaced by the full-water feeling.  Maybe Mommy's trick was going to work.
	Cindy then stood him up and helped him up onto the toilet seat.  "Okay. Honey... try to poop."  No sooner than he hat down, she heard the rush of water and the plop of whatever he hadn't been able to pass.  The look on his face was one of relief, too; he longer looked strained.  She noticed what looked like a faint smile as he finished.  "All done," he said, as he reached for the toilet paper roll on the vanity.
	"Not so fast, baby.  Let's give you one more enema just to make sure, okay?"
	"Do I have to?" he wasn't whining, but it did make him sound younger.
	"Just to be safe, my baby."
	"Okay."  He finished wiping, then he climbed back up onto the counter.  He looked into the mirror back at his mom.  "Mom?" he asked.  "What does your thing look like?"
	Cindy was surprised by this.  "What?"
	"You see what mine thing looks like... what does yours look like?"
	"Honey..." she hesitated.  She felt a growing pressure in her pussy.  And it had started when she had cupped his little penis before.  But she had to make the second enema and help him before she could even think about doing anything to relieve that ache.  She filled the water bottle with a second round of water.  She then put the newly-filled bottle back on the hook and then stepped away from the counter, backing herself against the bathroom wall.  As instinctively as she had cupped him earlier, she hooked her fingers into her shorts and her panties, pulling then down to the floor.  She slowly stood back up, and moved so he could see her pussy in the mirror.
	"Baby... look in the mirror," she commanded.
	Connor looked into the mirror in amazement.  Mom's thing certainly didn't look like his.  There was no little stub like his, but what looked like a sideways mouth.  And that hair... all of that hair there... he wondered how hair got down there.  He was totally thrilled by the view he had.
	Cindy knew she needed to lube the nozzle again, but instead of lubing it with petroleum jelly again, she made sure he was looking as she ran the nozzle into her pussy lips, lubricating it with her own moisture.  She then dipped her finger inside, covering it in her juices, and used what was on her finger to lubricate his anus for the new round of water.
	Connor felt his mom's finger, and this time it felt warmer and more slippery.  When the nozzle slid in, it didn't hurt as bad.  He felt the rush of water, and this time it felt a little better than the last time.
	Cindy once again placed her hand over his penis and as she was holding him she made sure her pussy was in his line of sight.  She felt the pressure for release growing, and she wondered what she would do to climax later.
	Connor saw the opening between his mother's legs.  He thought it was opening more and more.  But now, the bottle was empty and Mom came over to help him back down to the floor.  Once again, she sat on the edge of the tub, with her legs open, sitting him on her leg, but now her pussy was within his reach.  She braced his rear with her left hand, and she cupped his penis once again.  Then she surprised herself.
	"Baby... if you want to touch it you can... but you must be gentle." She took his right hand, and placed his finger right at the top of her clit.  "Rub very gently."
	Connor felt the warmth and the wetness down there, and was amazed.  It felt like nothing he'd ever touched before, and it was absolutely thrilling.  The softness of the hair, the warmth, the way that little nub under his finger... he was overwhelmed.  And Mom seemed to like his touch, too.
	Cindy felt her son's finger rubbing on her clit, and the charge it was giving her was starting to make her breathless.  But she knew that Connor would have to release that enema before she could come, so she moved his hand away from her crotch, and moved him back to the toilet.
	Now that he couldn't feel Mom's thing anymore, the pressure in his stomach reminded him to go, and as soon as he sat down, he let loose one more time.  His stomach felt so much better as the contents of his bowels fell into the toilet.
	Cindy could tell this enema was the last one he would need for now.  As Connor wiped, Cindy pulled her pants back up and looked at her son.  "I have to go to the bathroom, myself.  I'm going to go up to the bathroom in my room.  You go back to your room and relax, okay?"
	Connor was disappointed he couldn't keep playing between her legs, but now his stomach wasn't hurting, so it wasn't so bad to go take a nap. "Okay, Mom."
	As Cindy made her way to her bathroom, she couldn't stop thinking about what had just happened... or what was going to happen next.
