First Used Panties

Sniffpanties
storyman@yahoo.com

All these stories are actual events which happened throughtout my
life. I enjoy feedback, so do e-mail me to compliment or insult
my stories.

This flashback continues from the prelude where I had just had an
eye opening experience at my grandparents' house. It was just
after my 15th birthday. After that visit to my grandparents, my
mind was still filled with the vision of my maternal grandfather
stealthily sneaking into the guestroom to sniff and masturbate
with my mother's panties. Were panties really that much of a turn
on?

For a week after that visit, I would try all ways and means to
sneak peeps at panties. In school, I would drop my pen under the
table to try to sneak glances at the panties my classmates were
wearing. I would get many peeks at panties of various colors and
types, however though I got a hard-on, I still had no idea what
was it that had prompted my grandfather to risk taking my mom's
panties to sniff.

I did not dare to bring up this experience to my buddies, as I
was afraid of being branded weird and a pervert, I decided to do
some searching at home instead. This was in the 80's and there
was no Internet, unlike now. Thus it was very hard then to find
out about sex or even get any porn. It was due to this that I was
so unaware about anything sexual.

Instead of peeping at my classmates' panties, I turned my
attention to my mother's panties. Whenever she walked up the
staircase in our house, I would be underneath it. Discretely
peeping up her knee length skirts. Besides that, I suddenly
developed a habit of dropping my spoon at the dining table.
Sometimes if I was lucky, I would even manage to catch glimpses
of pubic hair curling out from the sides of her panties. From all
these, I managed to find out that my mother wore only cotton
briefs of various colors.

My mother normally did the laundry at home and her bras and
panties were always hung in my parents' bathroom, away from
prying eyes. Thus before this, I had never even seen a glimpse of
what they looked like. Many times, mom had tried to persuade me
to do the laundry at home, but I had refused because I was too
lazy. It almost seems fated, the day I smelt my first pair of
panties. My parents were going to their friend's house for dinner
and my sister was sleeping over at her classmate's house. I was
left all alone at home to have dinner by myself.

Just as my mother was walking upstairs to have a shower before
leaving, I was under the stairs having a good look at her
panties. She was wearing a pair of pink cottons under her skirt.
My cock gave a surge. I was going out of my mind. I was so horny!
I quickly went to wash my face to cool down, as I could feel my
face turning red.

"Here's some money for pizza, dear," my mom broke my thoughts.
"Please help me do the laundry for once. Your dad and I won't be
back that early and there's a ton of clothes to be washed."
Grumbling aloud, I agreed. Finally they left, while waving
goodbye to me. The house was quiet and I was alone.

I slumped on the couch and turned on the TV, watching a Hong Kong
soap drama. I had watched for almost two hours before I realized
I had better do the laundry before my parents came home and
nagged at me. I went into my parents' room and carried the heavy
laundry hamper downstairs to the washing machine. It was
overflowing with clothes. My mom had not exaggerated when she
said there was a ton of washing to be done.

I opened up the hamper and started throwing the clothes into the
washing machine. It was full of dad's clothes as well, and all
these went into the machine. I had deposited about one quarter of
the clothes into the machine, when I saw it. The pink pair of
panties my mother had been wearing before she showered. The one I
had peeped at underneath the stairs lay rolled up on top of her
skirt. My heart started beating faster and faster. Memories of my
grandfather masturbating to her panties came flooding back.

With trembling hands, I slowly picked up the pair of pink cotton
panties from the hamper. I unrolled it, heart still beating
faster and faster. The crotch of the panties was stained deep
yellow, with a single strand of curly black pubic hair embedded
in it. "Was it pee?" I wondered to myself. Tentatively I lifted
it to my nose and took a quick sniff.

A scent of pee, mixed with a strong smell entered my nostrils.
Feelings I had never experienced before came all over me. My cock
stood rock hard and it hurt through my shorts. It smelled so
great! I took another sniff and was rewarded with the same smell
of piss mixed with a strong sweet feminine scent. I knew then, I
had just smelled my own mother's pussy.

The house was empty and I knew my parents would not be home so
early. I picked up the pair of pink panties and sneaked through
the quiet house to my parents' room. Somehow it seemed more
appropriate to jerk off there. My shorts hit the floor
immediately when I entered their room. My mom's perfume still
lingered in it, and it only enhanced my pleasure.

I lay down on my parents' bed and started stroking my cock, just
the way I had done it two weeks ago. I examined mom's panties
carefully. This was the closest I had got to a pair of panties in
my life. Upon closer look at the crotch, I could the imprint of
my mom's cunt in the yellow stain. The curly black pubic hair
stood out as a contrast, embedded deeply in the juices.

I raised the panties to my nose and took a deep breath. Oh my
god, it was gorgeous!! My mom's pussy smelt so strong yet so
amazing at the same time. I started taking little nibbles at the
pubic hair in the crotch. It was long; I knew my mother had a
hairy bush, from my peeps up her skirt and the hairs curling out
from her panties.

I could not control myself any further. I stuffed her pink cotton
crotch into my nose and started inhaling deeply, jerking my cock
as I did so. The sensations tingling through me were
uncontrollable, much better than my jerk off at my grandparents'
house. I wanted to taste what the juices were like. I started
licking the soiled crotch and the pubic hair in it. It was so
salty, yet delicious. I greedily sucked out all the cunt juices
in there. Somehow, the pubic hair came loose and I tasted it in
my mouth together with her juices. I swallowed it, together with
the rest of the pussy discharge.

I couldn't wait any longer; the pressure in my balls was building
up. I didn't have the time to get to the bathroom to spurt my
sperm. Just before I came, I wrapped my mother's pink panties
around my cock. I spurted huge amounts of cum into my mom's
panties. There was too much for even her full briefs to contain,
that some of it leaked out on to my hand. Within the short span
of two weeks, I had gone from innocence to ultimate perverseness,
as I lay there exhausted with my own mother's panties wrapped
around my cock, covered in cum.

I lay there in a daze for about 20 minutes before I realized I
had better clean up before my parents came home. With wobbly
legs, I stumbled downstairs and threw the cum soaked soggy
panties into the washing machine with the rest of the clothes.
Needless to say, I volunteered to do the laundry every time
since.

From that day on, I became a hardcore panty sniffer. I have been
sniffing ever since.


