She hadn't even had much of a chance to sleep yet; before she knew it there was a cold body sliding into bed beside her. He had been at work, which meant he had been out in the cold weather working all alone in the toll booth during the graveyard shift. As his arms wrapped around her, she shivered and groaned, shying away from his touch as she wanted to stay warm. Even as he heard her groan of displeasure he didn't pull away from her, didn't bend in his attentions even a little. Instead, she felt him doing something else, something he had never done upon coming home from work and crawling into bed...
Her nipple suddenly became hard, his cold hand cupping her breast and rubbing a single finger across it. He felt her protest, felt her trying to pull away, but he didn't let her. Instead, he slid his other arm underneath her, pulling her warmth closer to him and draped one of his powerful legs over her own so she couldn't get away. He craved her warmth and her touch, but most of all he craved her.
A moan issued from her mouth, a tender and sweet moan as a result of his lips upon her neck. He still teased her nipple of course, but now he added the sensation of his kisses and nips on her neck. Her hips shifted back, pressing her ass against his hips, teasing his manhood which slowly warmed with the rest of him. Now it was his turn to moan, his turn to push back with his hips.
"I want you, it's been too long, please let me have you..." His words whispered sweetly into her ear, teasing as his warm breath brushed across her flesh.
"You brat, you're still cold." She reached her arm around, smacking his leg hard. That's when she felt it against her back, his manhood hardening as the playful smack as well as the closeness of her body turned him on.
His hand slid down her body, his leg pulling back and forcing her to open her own. Before she could protest, his hand glided between her legs, his finger trailing down her slit until he found her moist opening. A deep groan could be heard as he inserted the tip of his finger, her muscles clenching around it in surprise. He really wanted her, but more importantly she now yearned for him and his touch.
Her hips started rocking forward and backward, alternating between pressing against him and making him empty of her touch. This caused him to slide his finger in and out, up and down her womanhood. The whole time he could hear her soft moans, sure they weren't her typical moans because he felt certain she was just beginning to waking up. However, he still wanted her to feel pleasure, wanted to give her the ultimate release. He always aimed for this, for without it, he himself could not feel his own release.
By the time his finger had stroked in and out a few times, he was rock hard, and no matter how much her hips pulled forward, she couldn't get away from it. At first, she just wanted to go back to sleep, but he wasn't going to allow that. Instead, he made her desire it, making her crave his touch as much as he craved hers. It was working too, his finger becoming slick with her fluid of arousal.
All of a sudden she felt a new coldness, the body that had warmed up behind her suddenly leaving her presence. Nothing was against her back, nothing was under her holding her to him, nothing was draped over her to help hold her down. Instead, covers were pulled away, and the down blanket that had kept her warm before he joined her was gone. She shivered as her naked body was exposed to the air. Rolling onto her back, she saw him sitting beside her and grinning.
"What are you...?" She wasn't able to finish her words, instead a moan issued from her lips. He had begun teasing her and she knew that now she was his.
At first, it was just his tongue tracing around her areola and flicking against the pert nipple, but then he decided to be a little more forceful, letting his lips lock around it. Gently suckling, his eyes looked up to her, grinning even as his lips worked her peak. Her hand reached down and started playing with his hair, then pressed firmly against the back of his head. The suction on her nipple became more forceful, more needy, as if his own desire depended upon it.
She loved it when he paid attention to her like this, when he gave to her as much as she gave to him. Somehow she got the feeling this wasn't for him though, she knew this was for her. He released her nipple with a slight pop, chuckling as her hand fell from the back of his head. He shifted his eyebrows up and down, almost as if teasing her.
"I gotta be fair, don't I?" He chuckled, then placed tender kisses across her chest.
She knew what this meant, but before she got a chance to tell him he didn't have to she felt him latch on. It was the other nipple's turn, only this time he didn't start with the gentle teasing, instead he went right to the forceful suckling. This time he was moaning, sending a soft vibration from his mouth through her nipple. She couldn't stifle moan, not a needy one but a soft moan of approval.
He could tell exactly the effect he had on her. They'd been together for years, and the two of them were perfect for each other. He knew the slow teasing wasn't going to bring her anywhere near where he wanted her to be, but he wanted her to know how much he loved her, wanted to show how much he appreciated her. So the slow attention was perfect, the soft languid moans exactly what he wanted to hear from his love.
The teasing of her nipples continued, but now as she felt him suckling, she also felt him flicking his tongue against her nipple. Gently she reached down, once more rubbing her hand through his hair. She knew what this did to him; while he teased her she teased him. Her actions got a rise out of him, a slight grin forming on her lips.
His hands weren't idle while his mouth did its work, not at all. The very tips of the fingers of his left hand slowly trailed up and down the inside of her thighs. As he alternated between teasing her left and right nipple, he did the same between caressing her thighs. Her muscles shivered under his touch, goosebumps forming on her skin where his fingers previously had been.
Another pop of release was heard, his hand trailing up her thigh as his lips trailed up her chest. Kisses were placed on each breast, then between, then ever so slowly he worked his way up. Next came her right shoulder, and though he was favoring sides, he wanted to get to her ear. She shivered as he kissed her neck with soft attentive kisses, then started to moan ever so sweetly.
"Tell me what it is you want, tell me what it is that you wish for me to do." She heared his soft whisper into her ear.
"I..." She softly moaned, his hand gently cupping her womanhood as she started to speak, his lips softly pressing against her neck. She knew he would only continue this teasing, that he could go like this forever if she didn't tell him what she wanted. So biting her lower lip, she turned her head, letting her lips almost touch his as she spoke.
"I want you to please me." She spoke these words timidly. She wasn't usually one to speak things and it felt kind of awkward for her to make such a request. However, they had come up with a comfortable term for her to use even if she was looking into his eyes.
His kisses started to trail down her body, though when he got to her breasts he avoided the areola and nipple altogether. His kisses didn't stop there; they continued down until he kissed the area right above her well trimmed hair. Closing his eyes, he took in a deep breath through his nose, smelling her scent and letting it fill his senses. He could tell by smell alone she was aroused, a grin forming on his lips as he looked up to her.
"This time I want you to tell me exactly what you want, this time I want you to tell me exactly what it is you need." He spoke softly, almost a whisper but not quite. She couldn't help but blush, if it had been anyone else asking this of her she would have refused, but for him she would do anything he asked.
It didn't need to be vocal either, there were certain motions that also conveyed what she wanted. They had worked on this for a while now, sometimes she would tell him exactly what she wanted but other times she would use motions with some part of her body to show him. She was more comfortable with the actions than the verbal cues, and he didn't mind as much because sometimes they turned him on too.
Their bodies shifted, and he knelt in between her legs. While he looked up to her and smiled, he gently continued to tease her, the very tips of his fingers caressing her body, but not a single time did he touch her womanhood. He got close to it and caused her muscles to flinch but not once did he actually touch.
"Just remember, how else am I to know what you want?" His voice was soft as he spoke this, he could barely see her nodding as he lowered his lips closer to hers.
Moving his hands into position he parted her lips, exposing the sensitive nub that would soon be his for the teasing. He couldn't help but lick his lips; he truly and genuinely enjoyed doing this for her. Truth be told, he enjoyed her reaction more. He enjoyed bringing her that high of pleasure that only he could summon within her. He knew she loved it too. Soon she would be wiggling and writhing in pure pleasure.
His tongue reached out, flicking that sensitive nub of flesh, the spot he knew was one of her weak points. He looked up to her as he did this, her moan reaching his ears and bringing a grin to his lips. Against the sides of his arms he felt her thighs start to tremble, he hadn't even really done anything and already she was close to gone.
Once more she felt him pressing his tongue against her, this time instead of one slow lick he allowed his tongue to press against her and wiggle a little to give her more pleasure. Hearing her moans of approval, he flicked his tongue against the sensitive spot several times, each time not only causing her to moan but also causing her muscles to flinch in pleasure.
Sometimes the licks would be enough, sometimes she needed more than that. He knew this, he knew the latter of the two methods was what she currently needed. But still he slowly tortured her with his licks, rubbing his tongue against her clit. He wanted a signal, he wanted her to become more open, he wanted her to do as he had asked.
Shakily her hand reached down, at first tucking his long hair behind his ear. Soon he felt her hand on the back of his head, looking up to her and watching her face contort as she enjoyed the pleasure, but this time she did something different. He felt her pushing against the back of his head, bringing his lips closer to her womanhood. He knew exactly what this meant, and he was more than happy to give it to her.
His tongue receded into his mouth, his lips forming around her clit as he felt her hand pulling him closer. Then just like he had with her nipple he began suckling, for now leaving his tongue out of the mix. Her fist tightened, clenching his hair into her hand as she let out a yip and then a deep moan. It always startled her when he first started the process of suckling her, but even then at that moment it became pure pleasure.
He could continue this for much longer than the licking, it was much easier on his jaw. Usually it got a better reaction out of her, not always though. But apparently this was what her body yearned for at the moment, he could feel her muscles flinching and pulling against his lips as if trying to get away. They weren't trying to get away from him, they were trying to get away from the intense pleasure this action brought her.
As her hand relaxed on the back of his head, his arms curled around, holding her hips as they started to shake. He knew she was getting closer, her moans were becoming more enthusiastic, loud and much more frequent. He decided to add another sensation to the suckling of her nub, his tongue flicking against it every few moments or so.
"Oh god..." He could barely hear her words with her moans, the words almost swallowed by the sound, but then once more he could feel her hand, pulling him closer.
He doubled his efforts, sucking harder and flicking his tongue against her more frequently. With his face pulled closer his chin was at her opening, which gave him another idea. Side to side his jaw began to move, rubbing his chin against her opening and teasing it. This was enough to bring her over the edge, enough to bring her the release he had wanted to bring to her.
First came the scream of pleasure from her lips, her hips attempting to rise, but with his hands having been placed there earlier there was no escape, no way for her to get away. Against his chin he could feel her muscles flinching, pulsing as her body gave in to the pleasure, but this didn't get him to stop, instead as she orgasmed he continued his ministrations.
By the time he stopped she was panting, her chest heaving up and down while he sat up. There was a smile on his face as he brought his left arm up to wipe the moisture from his chin. She chuckled as she watched him do this, blushing a little as she knew that apparently her body had been very enthusiastic about the release. He leaned forward, giving her a soft peck on the lips before letting his forehead rest against hers.
"I love you." He whispered to her, bringing one of those sweet smiles he loved so much to her lips.
"I love you too, but can I be on top this time?" Her words were timid, almost as if she was afraid to ask for permission. The tone of her voice caused him to chuckle, bringing a smile to his lips as well.
"If that is what you wish my dear." Sitting back he offered his hands, helping her to sit up. It wasn't that she needed it, but he wanted to affirm in some way that it wasn't just about the love making. In a way it showed her that no matter what they were doing it was about them, the two of them being together.