"The expiry date on salad dressing is not a suggestion, Craig. It's an expiry date. That means when it reaches the date on the bottle, you have to throw it out," David explained patiently.

"Oh for the love of - David, you have got to learn to live life as an adventure." Craig said wisely.

"No, Craig, I really don't," David's voice showed a hint of exasperation as he threw yet another carbon-dated bottle into the trash bag he'd pulled beside the opened fridge door. "Riding is an adventure. Traveling new places, starting a new shoot. Salmonella is not."

"Wait. That one I think I just bought." Craig frowned. "Or maybe not. Well, if you don't feel like walking on the wild side, best not open the vegetable drawer thing down at the bottom. Just saying." He said and held his hands up, finally laughing.

"Oh, god," David groaned, looking at the vegetable drawer and shuddering, grabbing a beer and slamming the door, as if he was afraid something would come after him. "I'm going to need at least one of those before I go back inside that."

"Chicken." Craig mumbled and opened the pantry and started moving things around. I know I had some salt crisps in here somewhere." He muttered.

"Chicken! You go exploring then- see if there's a petrol reserve in your fridge," David grumbled, twisting the top off the beer and gazing aimlessly at the papers hanging on Craig's fridge, his eyes narrowing suddenly as one caught his eye. "Craig? You're flying to Auckland?" he said, pointing at the itinerary.

"Hmm? " Craig said. "Here! I knew I had some." He stood up and opened the bag, sitting it on the counter. "What? Oh yeah. Thursday afternoon."

"That's in three days," David said, not turning around, trying to keep his voice neutral, fingers clenched tighter around his beer bottle. "Were you going to tell me you were going?"

"Yeah, I guess." Craig said and opened a beer. "I thought I'd go see Karl."

"Really?" David said, barely able to keeping the sarcasm out of his voice. "I would have thought it would have been to see the Auckland Art Gallery Toi O Tamaki... you know they get over two hundred thousand visitors a year, and it has the largest and most comprehensive collection of New Zealand and international art in the country?"

"David, what are you on about?" Craig said, frowning.

"Nothing. Sorry, fumes from the fridge," David waved it off, taking a long pull off his beer. "It's been awhile since I've seen Karl... he must be glad you're coming for a visit." Now lets see what are the odds...

"I - well I haven't talked to him. Thought I'd drop in, see what's going on. Hang out for a while." He shrugged.

Once again, the odds take it. "Well, I'm sure he'll be glad for the surprise." David finished off his beer, opening the fridge and staring at the vegetable drawer. "Better not leave this if you're going to be going away again. It'll take over while you're gone."

Craig walked to David and put his arms around him and gave him a hug. "Once again, you're the best Dave."

"Yeah. I'm the best." The bitterness in David's voice was eclipsed by disgust as he slid open the drawer. "CRAIG! I don't even know what vegetables this started out as except to say GREEN!"