"I feel like I ought to wash out my ears after that," Simon said, tossing down his pen. "Can I be honest with you?"

The young girl standing on the mark before them opened her mouth but didn't manage to get any words out.

"Simon," Paula said softly, warningly.

"No, I'm serious! Someone needs to tell you to give up. To quit. That sometimes dreams don't work out and not to waste your time, and ours for that matter." With that, he stood up and walked away from the table and out of the view of the cameras. The contestant didn't bother to wait for the judge's responses – she left the audition room in a hurry, her hand over her mouth.

"Let's take a break," Randy said with a sigh. Simon disappeared through the balcony door, probably for a cigarette. "What's wrong with him?"

"I don't know," Paula said. "Maybe I should go after him?"

"If you think it would help. Man, this day is so close to being over. Why can't we just finish?" Randy rarely got as crabby as Paula or Simon. Sighing, Paula stood up and followed Simon outside. He was on the phone when she pushed open the door and was about to leave again when he held out one arm in an invitation. She walked up to him and he pulled her close. When she put her head against his chest, she could feel the vibrations of his voice go through her. It could have been comforting if his tone weren't so hostile.

"Why do we even need to talk about this now?" Simon said. "Because we talked about this, Terri, and agreed that it was a waste of time and money."

Paula tensed slightly when she realized whom Simon was talking to but he rubbed his hand up and down her back so she relaxed.

"Because it's my house, damnit!" Simon said and Paula tensed again. "Look, I'm going to have to call you later. Much later." Simon pressed end angrily and shoved the phone into his pocket before wrapped his other arm around Paula. She hugged him back.

"You all right?" she asked.

"We're fighting over redecorating a room neither of us even goes into," Simon said with a shaky laugh. He dropped his chin onto the top of her head.

"Oh, Simon," she said.

"I think maybe it's time to call it quits," he said. She could tell by his voice that it was probably the first time he'd said as much out loud.

"Well, I'm the queen of break-ups so just know I'm here for you," she reminded him. Randy came and knocked on the glass door, pointing at his watch. "Come on," she said.

When all three were seated behind the glass table once more, they sent another contestant through. She was pretty, young, and sang like an angel. With three unanimous yeses, she left the audition room screaming.

"Every I'm about to give up on this gig, we get someone like that," Randy said, leaning back.

"Three more," Simon said. "Next."

They shared Simon's limo back to the hotel. Randy rode backwards because he knew it made Paula feel nauseous. Paula sat next to Simon who stared out the window. Paula smoothed out invisible wrinkles on her dress while the silence wore on.

"You all right?" Randy asked, finally.

"Fine," Simon said. He turned to look at Randy and sighed. "Thanks." He wasn't mad at Randy, after all. Paula patted his arm reassuringly. "I just want to order room service and not listen to anyone sing."

"I hear that," Randy said. "Amen."

"Maybe watch a movie," Paula said thoughtfully.

"Yeah," Simon agreed. "Eat lots of cheese."

"Let's not cross any lines," Paula teased.

In the lobby, Randy excused himself to check his messages at the front desk, so Paula and Simon took the elevator up to the top floor where their suites were.

"Room service isn't any fun alone," said Paula, an offering.

"I used to pray for the time when we all got to go back to our own rooms," Simon said, bumping into her with his shoulder.

"I guess that's a no," she said, crossing her arms.

"But now, I look forward to American Idol starting," he finished. "To seeing you."

"I guess you like me despite your best intentions," Paula said.

"I guess I do," he said. The doors opened and she led them to her room. In the suite was her bedroom and a small living room set, but there was also a full dining room table.

"I'm going to go change," Paula said, rooting around in the closet for more comfortable clothes. "Why don't you order?"

"What would you like?" he asked.

"I don't know. A salad I guess," she said, and disappeared into the bathroom. She took off her dress – it had been a little too short for sitting behind that glass table all day but even Lauren had insisted her legs were one of the her best features and that she should show them off as long as she had them. It felt good to pull on a soft pair of black pants. They were meant for dance, for easy movement but were also comfortable. She pulled on a light, white t-shirt and ran a brush through her hair, careful to not snag the tracks of her extensions.

Outside the bathroom, Simon heard a knock on the door just as he hung up the phone.

"That's some service," he muttered, looking through the peephole. It wasn't room service, but a young woman. His first instinct was that some crazy Idol fan had figured out Paula's room number and snuck up, but when that happened, there were usually more than one. Sighing, hoping he was right, he opened the door.

"Mr. Cowell!" she exclaimed.

"May I help you?" he asked, crossing his arms in what he knew to be a daunting manner.

"I'm Lauren Brenninger, Paula's assistant," she said. He gave her the one over. Jeans and a sweatshirt, her red hair swept into a messy ponytail, black-rimmed glasses and a shoulder bag that should have been upsetting her balance – yep, she seemed like an authentic personal assistant. She shuffled the papers and phone in her arms to extend a hand. He shook it and stepped aside to let her in just as Paula came out of the bathroom.

"Hi," she said. "I see you've met Simon."

"Only just," Lauren said. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything, but I wanted to do our final rundown for tomorrow before you went to sleep."

"Now is fine," Paula said waving her over to the table so she could spread out her papers.

"Okay," Lauren said. "You're wearing the Anna Sui tomorrow, correct?"

"I guess. I was thinking, maybe, of wearing the Badgley Mischka," Paula debated.

"And I've already told you it would be a crime to sit down all day in that dress," Lauren said.

"She's feisty," Simon said.

"Or I could just wear the same Armani sweater every day," Paula said thoughtfully.

"Also an option," Lauren said with a soft smile.

"I'll wear the Anna Sui," Paula said. "Car will be here at 7:30 and then we'll listen to terrible auditions all day."

"Hopefully not," Simon muttered.

"Then it's home for two days, then off to Dallas?"

"Yep," Lauren said, gathering up the schedule. "I put a copy of the next several days in your briefcase so you can check on anything any time. Your jewelry manufacturer called and wants to set up an appointment to discuss your new collection. I told him between Dallas and Omaha would be best."

"Probably," Paula murmured.

"I'll be here at six with Daniel," Lauren said. Daniel, her regular hair artist, had sent one of his assistants to make her up the previous morning but she was relieved to hear her own hairdresser would indeed be there and follow her for the audition leg.

"Okay," Paula said.

"And remember," Lauren glanced at Simon. "Sticking to your 11:00pm bedtime is really best for everyone."

"All right, grandma, that's enough of you," Simon said. "Goodnight."

Paula nodded, rolling her eyes, and Lauren let herself out.

"Bedtime?" Simon asked in a teasing voice.

"She's kind of strict," Paula admitted.

"She works for you, you know," Simon reminded her.

"I needed someone with a strong hand," Paula shrugged, not too proud to admit it. "Why don't you find something on the TV?"

Paula cleaned up the table just as the room service arrived. The hotel staff member set the table and put the food out and then disappeared without saying a word. She hated when the hotel staff squealed upon seeing her and if she hated that, she was sure Simon despised it even more. Simon gave up on the TV as they sat down to eat. She stabbed at her salad and he ate his pasta in relative silence. It wasn't uncomfortable; they were both tired. Simon made a little small talk about the auditions and soon they were finished. Paula tried her hand at finding something to watch while Simon put the dirty dishes on the cart and put it in the hallway to be picked up. The TV faced the bed and not the furniture.

"Do you mind?" Simon asked, deciding it would be better to ask before just jumping in.

"Of course not," she said. "Won't be the first time. At least there isn't any popcorn around." Simon gave her a sheepish look and they clambered up onto the king sized bed and propped themselves up on some pillows.

"I always knew I'd get you in bed one day," he joked. She slapped his arm but was distracted by an old movie that came on to the screen.

"Bringing Up Baby!" she exclaimed. "I haven't seen this in forever."

"I don't care what we watch," he said. "This is fine."

But by three-quarters of the way through the film, they had both drifted off. Simon rolled over and his elbow came in contact with the remote. Suddenly, Cary Grant disappeared and the sound of a VJ woke him up.

"We've reached number 24 in our hottest video countdown," the man said. Simon sat up trying to figure out exactly where he was. He saw Paula next to him, still asleep and remembered the movie and dinner. It was nearly midnight – he needed to go back to his room. "This next artist was known more for her hits in the late 80s but this mid-90s video brought her "Straight Up" to a new level of sex symbol. Here at number 24, with Crazy Cool, is Paula Abdul."

Simon turned back to the screen at the sound of her name. What were the odds that her video would come on now? He saw the video start and didn't immediately recognize it. Had he seen this one? It almost didn't look like Paula. She had her hair short and angled, something that suited her.

And then she started dancing. And dear Lord, was she dancing. What was that stick she was dancing with? And was that even a shirt? His eyes were glued to the screen. Previously, when he thought of his co-judges music career, he thought of big hair and black see-through shirts, not this level of – oh heaven, she was pole dancing.

"Good God," he murmured, sitting up to get a better view.

"Hmm?" Paula stirred beside him.

"Those are some deliciously tiny shorts, love," he said, with a smirk. His eyes didn't leave the screen.

"What?" Paula sat up. "Why is this on?"

"You're number 24, apparently." he said. "Don't talk."

"Simon..." she said, reaching over to turn on a lamp. His voice stopped her.

"Is that... is that champagne?" he said softly. On the screen, she watched herself on the mechanical bull dumping liquid over her already soaked white shirt.

"Actually it was soda water. Alcohol is so hard to get out," she said, smiling. "That bull was hell on my back."

"Paula this is..."

"Kind of trashy?" she offered.

"I was going to say incredibly hot," he corrected. "Why have I never seen this?"

"This was the last video I made before I had to stop dancing for a while," she said. "This song didn't do as well as we'd hoped. They wouldn't play the video, it was too sexy. Then, anyway."

"The song is by far the least important part of what I'm watching now," he said. Finally the song ended and the VJ reappeared on the screen. He tugged at his collar as if the temperature has risen.

"Paula Abdul at number 24. I'm glad to know her hotness stands the test of time."

Suddenly the screen went blank. Simon looked at Paula who held the remote in her hand. She was smirking at him.

"What?" he asked.

"You think I'm hot," she said, sounding satisfied.

"Well," he said.

"You can answer after you pick your jaw off the ground and mop up that drool, mister," she teased.

"I never said you weren't hot, poodle," he answered. "I just didn't know you were that... I mean, that was... you have to excuse my language but the fucking sexiest thing I've seen in a long time."

"Simon!"

"I mean, I would pay good money to see that dance live and in person," he said.

"Sorry, I left my pimp cane, stripper pole, and mechanical bull at home," she said. "Another time."

"Promise?" he said, waggling his eyebrows.

"Okay, this movie night is over. I'll see you tomorrow," she said pushing at him until he got off the bed. He slipped on his shoes and they went to the door. "Goodnight Simon."

"Just so you know," he said, his hand on the doorknob, "I'm starting the rumors of our tumultuous affair early this year, after that little eye opener."

"Get out," she said, giving him a shove through the open door. He leaned down and kissed her cheek.

"Sweet dreams," he said. "I know I'll have some."

She shut the door.

"Pig," she said with a smile.