13. – Master

The sleek black sedan parked in front of the Administration building, where I waited with ten other men to greet our new masters. Mendez and Gerald Thornton, as senior telepaths, stood to either side of our group as a sort of honor guard. Everything had been arranged according to Esset protocol.

The sedan, of course, had arrived late.

The eleven of us were sweating in the mid-afternoon sun by the time the car pulled into the Rosenkreuz courtyard. We hadn’t had the option of leaving and coming back out, as we had to keep the appearance of readiness. The fifteen minute delay was not significant by most standards, but considering the circumstances I took it as a personal affront.

The back door opened, and a uniformed Intelligence operative stepped out to take up position at the rear wheel – guarding the next man out of the vehicle, then. I suppressed a grim smile. They, too, were playing this by the book. For whose benefit, I wondered?

On the far side of the car, the other back door swung open, revealing yet another operative. Only when he had surveyed the courtyard did the second vehicle pull in behind the first, allowing the massive gates to swing shut with a dull screech.

That grim smile struggled against all my discipline, wanting to be seen. They were following the script of securing a hostile facility. Would the assassins be next?

The passenger door of the first car opened and a young officer stepped out onto the hard-packed dirt of the courtyard. He straightened his jacket with a well-rehearsed touch, tucked his cap under his arm, and strode around the front of the car, his every move exuding extreme confidence and very mild disgust.

::That’s him, Konn,:: Mendez informed me, confirming what I already knew. ::Oh, hell, just what we need…:: I doubted he intended me to pick up this last comment, but his surprise came through clearly enough, bringing the words with it.

I saluted sharply, trying to see past the fresh-faced youth and find the Prague officer behind his cool façade. I swallowed down a snarl and greeted him per the script. “Lieutenant Colonel Vandemeer, welcome to Rosenkreuz.”

The young man graced me with a bored glare and a disinterested salute. “Herr General. Is everything ready?”

His voice, a clear tenor, further belied his youth. Beyond that, the tone itself annoyed me. He spoke with that lazy, cultured drawl associated with aristocrats and well-connected upstarts. Keeping my own tone neutral, I informed him, “Your quarters have been prepared, in the north wing of our staff apartments. Our own Gamma division will be housing your men.”

“Not acceptable.” Sharp gray eyes studied my face as Vandemeer stated, “We require adjacent suites. My work will be closely connected with that of my men. I am surprised you were not informed.”

His lack of surprise turned his eyes flinty. This was a test. I bowed slightly, not relinquishing my calm for this ill-delivered bait. “Information is a rarity these days, no matter how trivial. If one of your agents would accompany Herr Thornton, we can get this straightened out within the hour.”

“Very well. Dominguez, see to it.”

The fellow standing guard at the near wheel well saluted smartly and followed Thornton into the relative coolness of the Administration building.

“And,” I added before things could take any other unpleasant turns, “if you will kindly accompany me, Herr Vandemeer, we have much to discuss.”

“Indeed. We have not a moment to waste, Herr General. Time…is of the essence.” With that, the young Lieutenant Colonel preceded me into the building.

::Konn…::

::I don’t give a damn about regulations,:: I snapped back at Mendez. ::This punk has no clue what he’s gotten himself into here!::

::Good thing you don’t have to follow his orders, then, isn’t it.::

As I paused just within the doorway, Mendez bustled past me and hurried toward his own office, leaving me momentarily dumbstruck. Of course, he was right – I answered to the High Prince, not this petty little usptart! My mood lifted immediately, bringing a fresh spring to my step as I followed after the delegation from Prague.

“We shall speak in your office,” Vandemeer stated, apparently willing to overlook my brief hiatus. His smile, however, warned me very clearly as he observed, “I understand it’s one of the few suites in this building not under constant surveillance.”

Bloody hell. The son of a bitch had been watching me under orders? With great effort I composed myself and nodded a fractional bow. “Of course.”

“This place never seems to change, does it, Herr General?” Vandemeer ran a casual hand across the wood railing that set this building apart from the others here. “Mock elegance amidst the carrion exhibits. I am pleased that not every familiar face is gone from here. Not yet, anyway.”

That sense of warning distracted me, urged me to try to remember this young man, to know who I was dealing with. But I had not had much contact with the Gamma Division trainees, and if this officer had come from Rosenkreuz initially, I did not recognize him. Hell, I didn’t even know what his talent might be. I trusted my shields to keep him out, should he be so inclined as to look; Mendez might slip past, but we had known each other for years.

As we mounted the stairs to my floor, Vandemeer paused at the level below mine. He shook his head, then continued up.

I followed, trying to ignore the panic screaming through my mind and coursing through my body. This young man was poison to me. Every instinct told me to draw my pistol and shoot him in the back, before we reached my floor.

Sometimes it is in our hesitation that our intentions are fully realized.

Vandemeer had paused to pay his final respects to Erich Sonndheim.

A/N:

13. – Master

Esset Intelligence arrives, heralding a power shift at Rosenkreuz. It is a bitter thing, being replaced in authority by someone half your age.

The past has just repeated itself.