



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================







			  Scroll down to view text




Archive name: ex4.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : Examination of a NAG

-----------------------------------------------------
(c) Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------

Although this story is self contained, it alludes 
to three earlier stories, "The Examination," "On 
Further Examination" and "Wonder Woman's 
Examination."  I like to believe you will enjoy 
this more if you have read the others first.

Examination of a NAG
by Homer Vargas

	Sometimes Kate Harridan thought *Milly* was 
the cause of her headaches, the way her 
administrative assistant went on and on, urging 
her boss to see a doctor about the trivial 
ailment.  Milly ought to have been working for 
Kate long enough to know by now she *always* got 
headaches when she was under stress.  And Lord 
knows she had cause enough for stress.  Just 
moving the headquarters of NAG (National 
Association of Grrls), the organization Kate had 
founded, from San Francisco to Washington was 
stressful enough.  Then the disasters began.

	The movers had hardly finished putting all 
the ficuses in place when the Finger scandal 
broke.  Carol Finger, yes, Senator Finger herself, 
was caught in a sexual liaison with one of her 
hunky interns.  "Sexual liaison" hell, the Senator 
was getting her lights fucked out daily if not 
more often.  Truth be told, Carol Finger had never 
been a credit to the World's Greatest Deliberative 
Body, but she was on NAG's Board of Directors and 
the organization had to back her up.  Always ready 
with a faux feminist rationale for her erratic 
positions on issues, Carol compiled an amazingly 
inconsistent and self-serving voting record.

	The disclosure that Senator Finger was having 
sex with a boy half her age was bad enough.  Worse 
was the grainy photo obtained by the other party 
showing a plump middle-aged woman draped over an 
arm chair, red skirt up around her waist and red 
panties down around her ankles, being skewered to 
her obvious delight by a muscular blonde.  The 
President's picture above the desk smiled down in 
apparent approbation, or was it envy?

	The Senator made everything ten time worse, 
however, at the news conference she gave to 
announce her resignation.  Kate had read the 
transcript and seen the video enough times to have 
the gut-wrenching performance memorized.  The 
rhetorical low points were burned into her memory.

	"Hell, yes, I'm having an affair with this 
gorgeous boy and I sure don't intend to apologize 
for it," the Senator declared.  "That's the 
difference between men and real Grrls.  I do *not* 
beg forgiveness from my husband and family and 
this has definitely *not* made my marriage to the 
wimp stronger.  In fact, I'm going to divorce his 
ass!  And for all you school marms of whatever 
profession that `can't understand' how a woman of 
`my age' can take up with a twenty year old stud-
muffin, let me spell it out for you.  S-E-X.  
Clear enough?  Let me be more specific.  T-E-N  I-
N-C-H  C-O-C-K.  Need more?  How about, T-W-O.  I-
N-C-H.  D-I-A-M-E-T-E-R?  I've got the boy putting 
the wood to me like I haven't gotten it in years 
and damned if I'm going to stop him."

	"Take it from me, Grrls, get your self one of 
these," she proclaimed lustily, reaching over to 
fondle the erection of the handsome young man 
standing beside her, smiling even though he was a 
little dim to fully comprehend what was going on.  
"Stop grinding up the contraband Viagra in the old 
fart's oatmeal at night.  It's not doing either of 
you any good," she admonished.  "Loose some lard 
ladies, get your titties a silicone upgrade if 
they need it, buy yourself a few hot little minis, 
and wiggle your ass down to the nearest sports 
bar.  I guarantee within a week you'll be getting 
your pussy plowed or I'll let you have Arnold for 
a night.  If you are lucky, you might even find a 
plowman who can remember which morning to take out 
the garbage, but don't hold your breath.  
Remember, Grrls, there's just one thing a man's 
good for.  If he's well equipped between his legs, 
don't worry about what he's got between his ears."

	"There is, however, one particularly 
disgusting canard out there, that I must most 
emphatically deny.  I did *not* let my fuck toy 
`get me pregnant.'  I got this," Carol paused for 
effect and lifted her obscenely short skirt to 
display a telling bulge in her panties, "Because 
*I* threw away the pills.  *I* decided on the best 
dates.  *I* locked him in the hotel room and kept 
the pillows under my ass.  *I* made sure he gave 
me frequent re-fills of jizz all weekend long.  
I'm having this baby because *I* guided his big 
cock into me and made him shoved it farther down 
into my fertile womb than he ever had  before.  
Arnold, the dear, just supplied the semen, one 
thing he can do very well."  Arnold grinned, 
suspecting the nice woman had said something good 
about him again.

	Ex-Senator Finger had gone on for twenty 
minutes in that vein.  It had been a public 
relations catastrophe ending with the horrific 
finale.  "Therefore I am resigning my seat in the 
United States Senate.  Not because I am ashamed of 
myself, but because there isn't a man there who 
can fuck worth a damn -- and the women aren't much 
better.  I don't have time to listen to windbags 
when I could be on my back getting a prong where 
it belongs.  And so adieu and fuck yieu!" she 
concluded giving the middle finger salute for the 
nation's television cameras.

	The furor over l'affaire Finger had barely 
died down when NAG was embarrassed to learn that 
Wonder Woman was out of service.  For some time it 
had been damned hard to get in touch with her.  
The Army's main contact with the superheroine, 
Diana Prince, was spending every free hour shacked 
up with Col.  Steve Trevor and had the little 
round tummy to prove it.

	When the lovebirds could at last be prevailed 
upon to call in Wonder Woman, it was revealed just 
why the superheroine had been keeping out of 
sight.  Although the Amazonian Princess wasn't 
telling who had done the deed, America's first 
line of defense had irresponsibly let some man put 
a bun in her oven and her doctor didn't allow her 
to travel.  Consequently, the US military had to 
deal with a rogue faction of the Ruritanian 
Defense Force without the assistance of its 
superheroine.  It was close run thing.

	Finally, although it was not a crisis, Kate 
became increasingly aware of the subtly hostile 
atmosphere to NAG's agenda in the Washington 
social milieu.  Kate had expected to find 
Washington full of sour women -- hard-bitten 
lawyers, disgruntled NGO executives, and angry 
consultants -- eager to become NAGs.  Instead, 
every time she turned around Kate heard another 
story of a professional woman who suddenly quit 
her job to become a happy little sex kitten for 
her boyfriend and promptly got herself knocked up 
or one who had to give up her career when she 
"accidentally" let her husband make her pregnant 
again.  Hundreds of women with children in college 
were waddling around in maternity dresses again or 
were back to washing diapers.  Some were doing 
both.  Olivia Fuentes in NAGs Research department 
confirmed that the birth rate among upper middle 
class women ages 30-45 in the Washington 
metropolitan area was almost double the national 
average and was still shooting up.

	The queen bee of these "New Feminists," as 
she dubbed them, was Angelica Lopez, the new 
editor of the Post's "Style" section.  And 
Angelica made no secret whom she considered to be 
the "Old Feminists."  Angelica was an odd bird, 
Kate thought.  Admittedly she had a strong claim 
to being a feminist.  She was a successful young 
woman with a six figure income and a handsome, 
slavish husband whom she kept home to look after 
the house -- and the kids.  That was the odd part.  
Angelica had five children under four and was 
pregnant again.  She filled "Style" with stories 
about having sex and having babies.  Thousands of 
readers adored Angelica, but unfortunately, had 
rather less supportive husbands than their icon.  
So when their bellies started getting big, they 
were the ones who stayed home to care for the 
little shoot.

	No, Kate didn't come by her headaches gratis.  
She had to admit, though, that Milly might have a 
point.  Her assistant did seem so happy and full 
of life since her visit to Dr.  Bock.  Maybe it 
was a good thing NAG had selected him.  Several 
women doctors had bid for the contract to be NAG's 
Preferred Provider of gynecological and (Ha!) 
obstetric services, but Bock's price was just too 
good.  Moreover, Carol Finger and Milly, who had 
been on the selection committee, had returned 
singing the praises of the Bock Clinic.  
Grudgingly, Kate told the eager AA to make an 
appointment for her the next week.

	This made Milly very happy.  Although she 
knew Kate would not understand the recent changes 
in her life, much less approve of them, Milly was 
convinced somehow that the visit to Dr.  Bock had 
been a turning point.  Although she could not 
remember much about what happened there, since 
then Milly had blossomed socially.  To be more 
exact, were Milly not such a little lady, one 
would say she had turned into a cock hound!  

	Like many women who discover the joys of sex 
a little tardily, Milly focused on the basics, 
seeking to make up for lost time.  Candles at 
dinner were an unnecessary expense and wine, 
however useful for getting a guy into bed, 
interfered with good service once she had him 
there.  Experience had taught her that a big plate 
of pasta before the main event and Gatorade, kept 
by the bedside for pit stops, were all that was 
needed for the kind of strenuous lovemaking she 
demanded.

	Milly was not yet much into romance.  Her 
idea of a long term relationship was a guy who 
would pick her up at work on Friday afternoon and 
would still be performing to spec Monday morning 
when she reluctantly made him climb off and go 
home so she could get ready for work.  Sadly, 
Milly had not yet found the man she was looking 
for, so she made do with a team.  A major league 
manager planning his pitching rotation for the 
playoffs had nothing on Milly's strategizing her 
boyfriend schedule according to her moods and 
social occasions.

	Primus inter pares was Horse, the Washington 
Wizards' center who was hung like a ...  well, the 
eponymous farm animal.  Carlos was a dance 
instructor whose introduction of the movements of 
Salsa, Cumbia, and the Meringue into his frenetic 
lovemaking more than compensated for his small 
stature.  Wentworth was a pleasant looking banker, 
rich as sin, and not too bad in the sack.  He had 
his uses.  The sleeper of the group was Albert who 
worked at National Science Foundation.  He was 
terribly bright and didn't look so goofy now that 
Milly had convinced him to get contact lenses.  
Albert was still a bit of a nerd, but Milly 
decided must have a Ph.D.  in the geography of 
erogenous zones and had perhaps done some post-
doctoral work in cunnilingus.  He could get her 
off so well with his fingers and his mouth, Milly 
only fucked him to be a good sport ...  and 
because his prick was almost as big as Horse's.

	Amaka was also happy to get Milly's call that 
Ms Harridan would be coming for a visit and 
immediately informed James.  "You handle her 
honey.  After all, she *is* a feminist."  
Emboldened by James's confidence in her, Amaka did 
a little research on her patient-to -be.  Although 
Kate had written several books, the locus 
classicus of her anti-male ideology was, "Forget 
It!"  This screed was mainly famous for Kate's 
aphorism, that "a woman needs a man like a fish 
needs a bicycle."

	When Amaka saw Kate's scowling face, she knew 
this was not going to be easy.  She decided that 
the best approach would be a respectful, 
businesslike tone.  "Since you're a new patient, 
Ms Harridan, I'll need to get some preliminary 
information."

	"I assumed that that was the purpose of 
having me fill out the form," Kate icily replied.

	"You're quite right," Amaka assured her, 
wanting to get her into at least a semi-
cooperative mood as quickly as she could.  "All 
the basic, standard information is on the form, 
and of course I won't waste your time asking you 
to repeat it.  All I need to do now is get some 
more details medical history, and because so many 
questions are contingent on other questions, it's 
a lot faster and more efficient to do that in an 
interview."

	Kate seemed to accept this common sense 
explanation, if reluctantly.  She nodded and said, 
"Very well."

	"OK, glancing over what you put down, it 
looks like the only medical problem you've had in 
the past several years has been headaches, is that 
right?"

	"That's correct."

	"No history of sinus trouble?  Good eyesight?  
Has there been a change in your symptoms 
recently?"

	Kate answered the first two questions with a 
quick negative shake of her head.  "The headaches 
have been getting worse in the past few weeks.  
Well, I'm not sure they're worse, just more 
frequent."

	"I see.  And has anything changed recently 
about your habits or your diet or your environment 
at home or at work?"

	"I keep telling my secretary it's stress, and 
I have certainly had to deal with a good many 
problems recently.  Unfortunately, stress is 
unavoidable in my work."

	"Do you anything to relax?"

	"I don't have much time for relaxing." Kate's 
expression changed from sourness and impatience to 
one of passionate zeal.  "I don't know if you're 
aware of how much ground the feminist movement has 
lost in the past few decades.  It's all we can do, 
those of us who still care about it, to keep 
things from sliding back into the dark ages."

	"The real crisis is that we women have 
ourselves given up the fight.  A lot of us have 
convinced ourselves that full-fledged feminism is 
extremist rather than simply right.  Some even 
take delight in being sex objects, living their 
lives as if they were in some male fantasy.  I 
don't suppose you've read Andrea Dworkin?"

	Amaka had in fact read some Dworkin, but she 
shook her head, not wanting to extend the 
discussion if she could avoid it.  But Kate seemed 
to be on a roll.

	"Well, you should read Dworkin; she's a very 
important writer.  But even Dworkin is too 
tolerant for my tastes.  Men have subjugated women 
for years, using them for sexual pleasure and to 
make babies and to clean up after them.  And look 
at so-called women's magazines! What are they 
about?  Babies, sex, and how to have a pretty 
house! We're subjugating ourselves! Every time a 
woman has sex, she's cooperating with the 
oppressor!"

	This was not going the way Amaka had 
intended.  She had meant to gradually steer the 
discussion around to the need to relax, then 
either to the use of tranquilizers or self-
hypnosis, which would give her the opening she 
needed to start this woman's conditioning.  But 
she couldn't help saying, "I've heard that Andrea 
Dworkin says that any sex involving penetration is 
inherently sexist.  Is that what you mean?"

	Kate shook her head emphatically.  "No, 
Dworkin has that completely wrong.  That's a 
detail, mere symbolism.  It isn't how you have 
sex, it's having sex at all.  Any kind of sex 
subjugates women to men!"

	Amaka looked at her with real curiosity.  
"Well, what if there aren't any men involved?  
What if it's just two gir -- two women?  How can 
that o--"

	Kate cut her off impatiently.  "That's still 
sex, isn't it?  Do you think that makes any 
difference to a man?  Men love the idea of lesbian 
sex! They like it as much as they do male-female 
sex.  Maybe more!"

	Amaka opened her mouth to say something, but 
decided better of it.  Reminding herself that this 
was not going anywhere useful, so she decided to 
revert to her original plan.  "You make a very 
good point," she said, hoping agreement would 
avoid extending the argument.  "You're absolutely 
right.  Your work is very important.  Vital.  And 
I'm sure your headaches are interfering with your 
work, so we had better do something about them."

	"Yes," Kate agreed, putting her palm to her 
forehead and seeming to sag slightly.

	"Are you getting a headache now?" Amaka 
asked.

	"Yes," Kate said.  "I guess I got a little 
too intense." She looked up sharply.  "But it's 
important! Ow!"

	Amaka stood up and moved behind the woman.  
She began massaging Kate's shoulder's while trying 
to make it seem like an examination.  The woman's 
shoulder muscles felt like taut steel cables.  "Ms 
Harridan," Amaka said, "I believe that 
hypertension of the striated muscles might be at 
the root of your sensitivity to stress.  I would 
like to examine your staticodynamic 
ligomusculature more thoroughly.  Please remove 
your outer clothing and lie down on the examining 
table."

	Kate looked sourly doubtful.  "I had assumed 
the doctor would examine me."

	"And I'm sure he will," Amaka said with a 
second unstated meaning.  "But I assure you that 
I'm a qualified medical professional, although I'm 
sure I don't have to tell you that, since you 
would not underrate the nursing profession simply 
because it is traditionally female."

	Kate seemed horrified by the very suggestion 
and quickly said, "Oh, of course not.  I, I simply 
was concerned about the time.  But perhaps you're 
right." Efficiently, and without the slightest 
sign of either shame or delight about the process, 
she stripped to cotton briefs.  No doubt all her 
bras were burned years ago, Amaka told herself.

	"OK, now if you'll just lie down here.  No, 
face down, please.  All right, now tell me if I 
hurt you."

	But of course she had no intention of 
hurting.  Amaka massaged the woman's shoulders, 
her back, her legs and arms, alternately gently 
and firmly, all the while trying to make it seem 
like an examination despite the pleasure she was 
sure she was provoking.  Occasionally she allowed 
her large uniform-covered breasts to brush against 
her patient's bare skin as if by accident, and she 
let the tips of her fingers brush a few times 
against the sides of the woman's breasts.  Kate 
showed no suspicion of what Amaka was up to, but 
she did show signs of responding and trying to 
conceal it.  Amaka grinned inwardly, wondered if 
this woman ever had a massage before.  Probably 
not the sort of thing a tight ass like her would 
go in for.  May that was why she was reacting so 
well to this one.

	When Amaka shifted her attention to the 
surprisingly cute little ass, though, she provoked 
a more negative reaction.  "What are you doing?" 
Kate suddenly demanded.

	Sounding professional, Amaka said, "I'm sorry 
if I startled you.  Headaches can originate in 
primary or secondary muscle tension anywhere in 
the body, but especially near the head and spine, 
and in particular with the larger muscles, such as 
the gluteus maximus, here.  I notice you seem to 
be particularly tense around the base of the 
spine, and I really should examine the whole 
pelvic area for my report."

	Kate reluctantly let her press and feel her 
way around, and after a while the ass muscles no 
longer clinched up when she touched them.

	"How's your headache?" Amaka asked.

	"Why, it's gone!" Kate sounded genuinely 
surprised.

	"Good.  Sometimes the physiological 
manipulation necessary for the examination is 
itself therapeutic." Damn, she thought, she was 
starting to sound like what's her name on ER.  "In 
fact, I believe it would help establish a 
treatment modality that I could report to the 
doctor if I tried one additional thing."

	Amaka looked around for some oil but couldn't 
find any.  "I'll be right back," she said as she 
hastened out of the room.

	Kate lay there feeling better and almost 
relaxed.  Perhaps her initial skepticism of this 
nurse had been based upon some residual sexism.  
After all, it pervaded society, and patriarchal 
values were passed on as much by mothers as by 
fathers -- that was the insidiousness of it.  She 
should have thought to mention that in explaining 
how even lesbian sex could be oppressive of women, 
in that it reflected the patriarchal socioeconomic 
system.  Marx had been, in his typical male way, 
wrong.  It was not religion but sex that was the 
opiate of the masses, especially the female 
masses, and as with any seemingly pleasurable 
addictive drug it was best avoided.

	The nurse came back with some sort of bottle.  
"This is a therapeutic lubricating oil," she 
explained.  "It will help me perform a palpatative 
examination of the deeper musculature."  Amaka 
neglected to mention that the oil had several 
tranquilizers that would be absorbed through the 
skin mixed with it.  Since her close call with 
that tough Ms. Lopez, Amaka took no chances.  
Slowly, she began to smooth the cool liquid on 
Kate's back.  

	Kate had found the initial examination 
pleasurable, almost embarrassingly so, but when 
the nurse's oiled fingers began sliding over her, 
pressing gently here and there, then stroking so 
lightly it was barely a touch, it felt incredible, 
like nothing, well, like nothing she'd experienced 
in many years.  It made it hard to think.  Perhaps 
she should make her stop, but that was silly, this 
was simply a medical examination, even if it was a 
kind she wasn't familiar with.

	"Excuse me, but I don't want to get oil on 
your panties," the nurse said, and Kate felt them 
being pulled down to expose her posterior.  The 
sensation of the slippery hands examining her bare 
bottom was shocking to Kate, but she strove to 
avoid showing any sign of it.  Only when an oiled 
finger feeling about her tailbone slipped briefly 
down between her cheeks did she start to say 
something.  It was over too quickly, before she 
could object, although not before it had given her 
a strange and strangely pleasurable, frisson.

	"Now please turn over," the nurse instructed, 
and Kate did so.  The nurse put more oil on her 
hands and proceeded to examine Kate's shoulders, 
neck, and sides.  Amaka moved to stand at the head 
of the examining table.  Kate felt the nurse's 
gentle fingers trail lightly across the muscles of 
her face and forehead, then to the sides of her 
neck and her shoulders, then back to the face.  
She felt much better and more relaxed, but she 
noticed that her nipples seemed to be standing up.  
Much as she hated to admit it, Kate knew she was 
becoming aroused.

	The nurse said something Kate didn't catch.  
She realized that her eyes were closed and she 
opened them.  The nurse was leaning over her, her 
face upside down from this angle, some sort of 
shiny amulet hanging from her neck and swinging 
slightly.

	"I want you to relax as much as you can, Ms 
Harridan.  Based on the what I've seen so far, I 
believe it's very likely that your headaches are a 
consequence of general musculoskeletal 
hypertonality.  It should respond well to 
treatment if we know its full extent."

	The skillful hands ranged more freely over 
Kate's body as the amulet swung over her face, 
capturing her attention.  Gradually Amaka moved to 
stand beside Kate's head, one hand continuing to 
explore her upper body and the other straying 
lower and lower in its gentle, pleasurable 
examination of the abdomen.

	Kate felt herself drifting into almost a 
dream state, aware that she shouldn't fall asleep 
in the examining room but too relaxed -- more 
relaxed than she had been in years, she thought -- 
to really care.  In fact, the nurse kept telling 
her to relax, and she kept feeling herself do so 
more and more.

	Almost in a daze she heard the nurse say, 
"Now, I need to check some interior muscle 
tension, so don't be startled.  This will only 
take a moment." And she felt a lubricated finger 
slip gently into her vagina.  The pleasurable 
shock was intense and it was all Kate could do not 
to cry out or arch her back.  The finger moved 
around inside her, setting off little rockets of 
delight.  Then it began to pump in and out of her 
while the nurse kept telling her to relax, relax, 
go to sleep for her, go to sleep, listen only to 
her voice ...

	A weak thought that had for some time been in 
the back of Kate's mind, one she had been refusing 
to listen to, suddenly shouted its way into her 
consciousness.  This wasn't any damned medical 
examination.  There was no medical reason for 
finger fucking.  This was a seduction attempt.  
This so-called nurse was trying to have sex with 
her, and a lesser woman than Kate Harridan would 
have fallen into her trap!

	"What the hell are you doing!" she spat out, 
trying to sit up.

	The nurse, still standing beside her, looked 
a little surprised by the attempt at resistance, 
but her hand didn't miss a stroke and Kate 
realized to her horror that she half-wanted her to 
continue.

	Amaka leaned over her, keeping Kate from 
rising, murmuring soothing instructions to relax 
and as the pleasure between her legs increased, 
Kate felt the tenseness draining out of her again 
against her will.

	"Stop it!" Kate insisted, weakly trying to 
close her legs and push away the hand that was 
robbing her of her will.  "I know what you're 
doing and it isn't going to work!"

	"Isn't it?" Amaka asked sweetly.  "I believe 
you've overlooked something about sex.  Just 
because men like sex doesn't mean it's bad for 
women.  In fact, it's a source of female power.  
I'm using it on you right now, and it's pretty 
effective, wouldn't you say?"

	"No, no That's lipstick feminism crap!  All 
bullshit!" Kate replied foggily.  She was still 
trying to push the nurse's hand away from her, but 
she was at a disadvantage half-lying in this 
position.  Every time she managed to force the 
nurse's hand away with both of hers, Amaka simply 
writhed her oiled hand free and went back to what 
she was doing.  Covering herself with her hands 
didn't work either, because the nurse simply 
shifted the focus of her attack to Kate's 
sensitive inner thighs or sides or breasts, and 
Kate was by now so turned on that almost any 
contact with those skilled fingers sent 
involuntary thrills through her.

	This is crazy! Kate told herself.  Why can't 
I fight this?  I've had enough men think they 
could seduce me, hoping to bag a feminist as a 
trophy, and those stupid bastards never came 
close.  What's this woman doing to me?  Why can't 
I control myself?  Her mind seemed sluggish, 
unable to think.  She felt the nurse's lips 
encircle one of her nipples and begin to suckle, 
the hot tongue flicking across and around the hard 
bud.  She couldn't keep from whimpering from 
unwanted but undeniable pleasure, and she began 
relaxing back onto the table.

	"Don't fight me, baby.  You're too hot to 
fight.  You need to relax and have a good come!"  
As her struggles gradually weakened and eyes began 
to drift closed Kate began to figure it out.  
Amaka wasn't just seducing her.  All that talk 
about relaxing, that sparkling, waving amulet, it 
had to be hypnosis.  She was being seduced and 
hypnotized at the same time, with the one 
reinforcing the other and making them both 
incredibly hard to fight.

	That meant she was in much greater danger 
than she'd realized.  This wasn't just some horny 
lesbian after sex as she'd thought.  This was 
someone who wanted to take complete control of 
her, to reduce her to some kind of sex slave or 
worse.  She couldn't let that happen, she had to 
fight it.  If she didn't fight it, who knew what 
might happen?

	Was this what had happened to Milly?  Had 
Milly been brainwashed at this place?  And Carol 
Finger!  That explained her disgusting 
transformation.  Now Kate wasn't just angry or 
upset, she ought to be scared, but somehow she 
wasn't.

	She tried again to fend her off her seducer, 
struggling.  This time she almost succeeded in 
sitting up.

	Amaka wrapped her arms around her and began 
whispering in her ear.  "You can't get away now, 
you're too far gone, honey, so horny.  Now relax 
for me, relax now..."

	Kate felt herself responding to the 
suggestions and said, "No!" She twisted around, 
trying to get away.  Amaka was still breathing in 
her ear, "You can't resist me.  Give in.  You want 
to give in.  You want to come too bad.  Close your 
eyes, now.  Sleep for me.  Sleep..."

	Kate continued to squirm against her 
attacker, trying to get away, trying not to 
listen, but her sense of touch, made 
hypersensitive by the massage, made the struggling 
contact more and more erotic.  When she fought to 
keep her eyes open despite the hypnotic 
suggestions she felt her sexual arousal grow 
irresistibly, and when she tried to concentrate on 
controlling her sexual instincts her eyelids 
refused to stay open.

	Little by little she felt herself relaxing 
back onto the examining table.  She ordered her 
body to obey her, to throw off this female 
collaborator with the forces of patriarchy, but 
her body had already sold out to the pleasurable 
sensations Amaka could produce.

	Amaka's hands were once again exploring her 
body, forcing her to respond against her will.

	Kate felt helplessly half angry, partly 
frustrated, but more and more she felt another 
sensation, an undeniable sensation, not quite a 
buzzing but something rather like it, that seemed 
to pervade the whole area between her legs and 
fuzzy mound just before it.  Amaka's hands were 
there, making her feel this way.

	As the sensation grew it drove before it all 
her other thoughts and feelings.  She heard 
herself gasping for breath, felt her hips bucking 
violently against the table, felt her vaginal 
muscles, all her muscles, suddenly contract and 
squeeze tight and her breathing stop for an 
instant, and then the first orgasm she had had 
since high school, since before she joined the 
movement, came flooding over her like a hot tidal 
wave, like a wall of lava, like nothing she could 
even imagine, and she felt her little remaining 
will slipping away and her whole self, mind and 
body, fall under the power of the beautiful black 
woman.

	Two hours later Amaka was smiling as a dazed 
but dreamily smiling Kate Harridan stood up to go, 
still a little shaky.  "I'm so happy it turned out 
those headaches were just stress related, Ms 
Harridan.  If you just listen every day to the 
tapes and take the pills Dr.  Bock put in you bag, 
you'll be pleased with the change." Amaka 
instructed, not adding that she knew someone else 
who would be even more pleased.

*****

	Milly did not expect an immediate 
transformation; instead she just smiled at the 
slow improvements she began to notice in Kate's 
demeanor and wardrobe.  Week by week the hem of 
her boss's skirts crept up until they were a 
really impressive six inches above the large 
woman's knees.  The severe bun gave way to tight 
curls with sexy highlights.  Some criticized the 
large loopy earrings that appeared in Kate's newly 
pierced ears and other thought the bangles were 
not serious enough for the head of NAG.  High heel 
strap sandals and brightly painted toe nails also 
signaled that something was afoot.  Kate's blouses 
got frillier and when they became translucent, 
Milly noted that Kate's respectable boobies were 
on display in some eye-catching bras whose colors 
matched those of the blouses.

	For a few days Milly feared that Kate was 
getting dolled up with an eye to making passes at 
her or some of the other women at NAG.  In an 
organization like theirs, several were of that 
persuasion.  Even before Kate's transformation, 
Ethel Parker in Accounting had lusted for the 
shapely head of NAG.  The slim woman was always 
attracted by opposites.  She had dreamed of 
removing Kate's thick jacket and heavy blouse and 
getting her bony fingers on that overflowing set 
of jugs.  She yearned to pull down one of those 
wool skirt and peel off the opaque pantyhose to 
get her henna curls between Kate's plump legs.  
The very thought of the effort required to get 
Kate naked almost exhausted her, but Ethel 
reckoned there was enough Kate underneath all 
those clothes to be worth it.  Now that Kate was 
sporting mini skirts with stockings and revealing 
blouses, Ethel was shivering with lust.

	Ethel's desire for Kate was apparent to Milly 
who knew she would have to be alert.  Nothing 
untoward must developed before she could get the 
sexy redhead some professional help from Dr.  
Bock.  Her worries about Kate, however, vanished 
when Milly saw how her boss enjoyed flirting with 
and teasing the bicycle delivery boys.  The 
President of NAG became a real hit the young men 
as she bent over to sign for packages, making sure 
her skirt hiked up almost to her crotch and 
setting her titties to bob tantalizingly.  She 
didn't seem to mind when the same boy returned to 
have her sign two or three times for the same 
item.

	Milly would have been equally amused had she 
been able to observe the daily vignettes that had 
developed at Kate's apartment.  One morning soon 
after Kate started dressing a little more like a 
woman, she got a single, almost deferential little 
wolf whistle from a worker at the construction 
site across the street.  Kate flashed him a grin 
and rewarded him with an extra swing of her hips 
as she slid her shapely ass into the little Neon.  
The next day several pairs of masculine eyes 
awaited Kate's emergence from her building.  The 
sight of a healthily built lady with a skirt cut 
closer to her waist than her knees and whose hips 
rolled provocatively as she undulated toward her 
automobile, did not disappoint them.  A whole 
flute section of whistles and trills registered 
the men's approval.

	Fortunately, Kate was punctual so she caused 
little disruption to the construction schedule 
when every morning at exactly 7:25 all activity 
stopped.  Seventy five men waited  to see what bit 
of exaggerated exhibitionism the hot broad across 
the street had in store for them that day.  
Whatever it was always drew a chorus of approving 
hoots and cheers.  Kate loved the effect she had 
on all those burly men.  Of course all those burly 
men had quite an effect on Kate, too.  During her 
drive to work she had quite a tingle between her 
legs that forced her to steer with one hand much 
of the time.  By her arrival at the office the 
first few days, her panties were too soaked to be 
worn.  She coped by donning `Lite Days' and 
changing the pad first thing.

	Although Kate's headaches were gone, Milly 
noted that her boss still was not entirely well.  
She seemed distracted and had difficulty 
concentrating.  Milly smiled, remembering how 
antsy she had felt before she met Horse.  Several 
times when Milly walked into Kate's office 
unexpectedly, she glimpsed Kate quickly 
withdrawing her hand from between her legs.  She 
decided Kate was ready for the proffered help.

	One day soon afterward Kate returned from 
lunch to find a package on her desk.  "Milly, what 
is this doing here?," she asked.

	"I ...  er ...  it's ...  uhh ...  something 
I got for you, ma'am.  I thought you might you 
need it."

	Puzzled, Kate opened the package.  "Milly!  
This looks like a ..." she gasped, looking at the 
long cylindrical object.

	"The batteries go in there," Milly said 
shyly, pointing and trying to keep everything 
matter of fact.  "I put in a fresh set of Eveready 
Energizers."

	Kate turned beet red and ordered Milly out of 
the office.  Disgusted, she thrust the object into 
the bottom drawer.  Try as she might, though, she 
couldn't get it out of her mind.  She had already 
changed pads once that afternoon; it was hard to 
wait for five o'clock to go home.  She didn't make 
it.  About 4:30, Kate told Milly to hold all her 
calls and a soft hum interspersed with muffled 
moans and sighs began emanating from Kate's 
office.  Milly was still hearing them when she 
left for her night with Horse.  Next morning, she 
found a more serene Kate asleep on the couch in 
her office.  Milly made a note to send out for 
more Energizers.

	A few days later Milly got the call she had 
been expecting.  "Yes, sir, I gave it to her." ...  
"I think so, sir.  She took it home and she's been 
coming in late." ...  "If you say, sir."

	With some trepidation, Milly spoke into the 
intercom.  "A Mr.  William Jenkins on the line for 
you, ma'am." ...  "He didn't say, ma'am."

	"What do *you* want, Bill?" Kate demanded 
sourly.  There was no reason to feign civility.  
Bill Jenkins was President of NARM (National 
Association of Real Men).  His organization of 
male chauvinist pigs was opposed to everything NAG 
stood for.  The fact that Bill had dumped her for 
that skinny blonde bimbo at Berkeley had nothing 
to do with her distaste for the man.

	"Ahw, don't be that way, Katie," Bill 
pleaded, perhaps forgetting how she *hated* being 
called "Katie."  "I thought it was time NAG and 
NARM buried the hatchet, you know, start to work 
together as partners.

	"Partners?  In what, for heaven's name?"

	"Go out to dinner with me tonight and let me 
explain." he entreated..  "Please?"

	Kate was about to hang up on the asshole, but 
something made her hesitate.  Perhaps it would be 
droll to hear how Bill Jenkins thought the 
organizations he and Kate headed could be 
"partners."  "Pick you up at 8:30?" he asked.

	Kate surprised herself with the pains she 
took to look her best.  She had been wondering 
when she would wear that rather daring little red 
leather mini she had picked up a few days ago on a 
whim.  Well, why not?  Let the bastard look, for 
all he good it would do him.  He had always been a 
leg man.  In fact, why not *tease* him a little?  
Make the old goat regret fucking that blonde who 
had a waist twice hers by now, Kate would wager.  
A deliciously wicked thought crossed her mind.  
Did she really need a bra?  Her tits were big 
girls; they could take care of themselves.  The 
stupid man had passed up many a happy night 
pleasuring these babies just because the blonde 
minx opened her legs for him the first time they 
were alone together, Kate thought with disgust.

	Kate considered going without panties, too -- 
that would give him an eyeful -- but rejected the 
idea.  For some reason she was *pretty* damp down 
there tonight.  She didn't want to soil her skirt.  
The red fishnet stockings would be a nice touch.  
Four inch heels were good enough for the office, 
but she decided on the fire-engine red five-inch 
pumps for tonight.  Finally she dabbed on 
"Midnight Assignation."  Marie?  Hadn't that been 
the bitch's name?

	Kate couldn't understand the way Bill squired 
her into the restaurant, seeming to treat the 
occasion as a date rather than a business meeting.  
She tried to turn the conversation to professional 
matters but found it difficult over the arucula 
and radiccio salad, broiled lobster, and a fruity 
Australian white wine.  Bill repeatedly deflected 
her questions with witty stories that kept Kate 
tittering.  The pig was a great raconteur; always 
had been, now that she thought of it.  Letting him 
refill her wine glass that third time could have 
been a mistake; it didn't get her any closer to 
understanding his ideas of partnership.

	She had even less success on the dimly lit 
dance floor.  Kate had forgotten how much fun it 
was to be whirled and twirled around by a man who 
really knew those old steps that few people did 
nowadays.  When the music turned slower and she 
felt his hands caress her buttocks, it just felt 
so natural to melt into his arms and let him hold 
her close.  Snuggling her head against his 
shoulder didn't really mean anything romantic; it 
was just a social ritual.  But it was certainly 
not conducive to serious talk about institutional 
partnership.

	No, Kate realized, if she was going to find 
out what Bill had in mind for NAG and NARM 
collaboration, she would just have to go back to 
his house with him as he suggested.  If she had 
not been having so much fun, Kate would have been 
really annoyed at all this beating around the 
bush.  In the car with his arm around her was the 
same.  Would this bear of a man ever get serious?  
Why did he want to have a liqueur on the couch 
before he would out with it?  It was very nice of 
him to tell her how pretty she looked, but what 
did that have to with his idea of partnership?  
And flattering though it was that Bill though she 
had pretty legs and wanted to see more of them, 
pushing her dress up like that was quite naughty, 
though it did make Kate laugh.

	Well, that she had a great set of jugs was no 
news to Kate!  She guessed there was no real harm 
in letting him unbutton her blouse to admire them 
better.  In fact, it had its practical advantage.  
If Bill had been kissing her man melters, as he 
was now, through the material of her blouse, what 
a dry cleaning bill she would have!  

	Men!  They could go to the moon and explore 
continents but needed help with the zipper of a 
woman skirt!  She hated to think of the commotion 
if she hadn't been clever enough to leave the bra 
at home.  Oh, that was nice.  Having her titties 
kissed while a hand wormed it way into her panties 
was a lot more exciting now than she remembered 
from the back seat of Bill's automobile in 
college.  My Goodness!  Bill Jenkins had learned a 
few things about women in the last twenty years, 
Kate reflected.  She was sure he would never have 
know how to put his mouth down *there* in college!  
Uhh!  "A few things?"  My god, a lot!  When had he 
pushed aside her panties?  He had his tongue in 
her ...  UUU! ...  He was going to make her ...  
AAAH ...  yes, she was about to ...

	"Ahiyouuuuu!" Kate wailed as she came.

	After that, the exact sequence of events was 
a bit fuzzy, but they included Kate tottering 
upstairs a few orgasms later in just her panties 
and heels.  Bill's hand on her shapely ass 
provided the needed guidance.  Somehow the 
panties, too, disappeared and Kate found herself 
lying on her back, red spikes pointed to the 
ceiling with a naked Bill Jenkins looming over 
her.  His prick was about halfway into her very 
wet pussy and sinking deeper!  Kate knew she was 
about to orgasm again.

	Moments later another inhuman shriek pierced 
the midnight calm.

	"Oh shit!" Bill thought  Of all the times for 
his home security alarm to malfunction, why *now*?  
He scrambled down to the basement to turn the 
infernal contraption off as quickly as possible 
without disturbing the aroused woman lying naked 
in his bed, but when he returned, he saw the spell 
was broken.  With fire in her eyes Kate was down 
in the living room with her panties back on, 
pulling up her skirt and searching for her blouse.

	"You son of a bitch!" Kate hissed.  "You 
deceitful, low life, treacherous scoundrel.  Why 
waste abuse on a snake like you?  Take me home 
this instant!"

	Kate Harridan when she was riled, brooked no 
dissent.  A chastened Bill Jenkins meekly opened 
the car door for the fuming woman.  She slammed it 
closed herself.  "But Katie ..." he tried to 
explain as he slid into the driver's side.

	"Shut up!  I don't want a peep out of you!" 
Kate glowered.  There was nothing Bill could do 
but start the car and point it in the direction of 
Kate's apartment.  To break the silence he slipped 
a cassette in the tape player.

	Kate was furious, as wrought up as she ever 
remembered being.  As with most women, when she 
was angry with herself, she projected her ire 
outward.  What a creep!  How could Bill Jenkins 
think she would fall for that romantic evening 
routine?  Bill Jenkins playing the gentleman!  
What a laugh!  Bill Jenkins was no gentleman.  He 
was a rogue, a cad.  The machista pig's idea of a 
good night with a woman was probably to throw the 
bitch down on a hardwood floor and fuck her 
senseless.

	Kate bet he'd done it enough times, too, 
starting with that dumb blonde in college.  Bill 
sure had the equipment for it.  Kate eyed the 
bulge in his pants knowingly.  Silly women didn't 
stand a chance with men like Bill.  Just like that 
college floozy, they would glimpse a prong like 
Bill's and get so horny they couldn't keep their 
legs together.  Any man with a prick the size of 
Bill Jenkins's was dangerous.  Kate had never seen 
a package that size in a pair of pants.  Bill 
probably had women falling over him, hot little 
numbers half his age that welcomed him into their 
warm wet fuck holes in a trice.  Gad how she hated 
him!

	"O.  K., Katie.  Here we are." Bill said at 
last.  "And I really am sorry about ..."

	"I thought I told you not to speak!" Kate 
snapped.  Bill waked beside her to the door in 
silence.

	"Well!" Kate growled as she turned her key in 
the lock.

	"Well, what?" Bill asked uncomprehendingly.

	"After your disgusting behavior tonight, do 
you think you can just dump me on my door stoop 
like a sack of potatoes?  Get your sorry ass in 
here.  I want to get fucked!"

	It was Zen, Kate later reflected dreamily as 
she drifted down from a third orgasm and snuggled 
closer to her now sleeping partner.  Once she 
stopped searching, the meaning became crystal 
clear.  Bill had his huge part`n'er and damned if 
it didn't feel good!

*****

	The next few weeks saw a general relaxation 
of discipline around NAG headquarters.  The 
President, frankly, was not setting a good 
example, often ducking out on Thursday afternoons 
for a long weekend with her new silver-haired beau 
and sometimes not straggling back until noon on 
Monday.

	Fortunately, Kate had loyal staff that 
stepped into the breech.  NAG's head of Security, 
La Toya Ruston, put the fear of god into the 
unruly young men in their fancy cars who were 
causing havoc, queuing up for their dates every 
afternoon.  Olivia Fuentes in Research tried to 
keep up a semblance of a media program.  Victoria 
Chung of Personnel relentlessly docked the pay of 
girls who couldn't wait until quitting time to get 
started on their evening trysts.

	One would have expected Milly to help hold 
the fort, but Milly was facing one of life's big 
decisions.  A little queasiness one morning 
brought something to mind she had not thought 
about for a while.  She had been having such a 
great time these last four months, but she 
realized that since visiting  the Clinic, she had 
been forgetting to re-fill her prescription for 
contraceptives.  With the exception of Wentworth 
who was always responsible, she hadn't had much 
protection.  When she got going with Carlos or 
Albert or especially with Horse, she just didn't 
have the heart to insist that they stop to put on 
a condom and she sure as hell didn't spoil the 
moment by making them pull out before they came.  
Olivia would have made a more exact calculation.  
Milly's was rough.  Let's see ...  three men, 
twice a week each for four months, average, say, 
four times a night times maybe three oz.  per come 
...  Hum.  About two gallons of semen by her 
reckoning.  Yep, she was probably pregnant.

	Waiting until the baby was born was not the 
best way to assign paternity; it weakened her 
bargaining position.  The decision was too serious 
for "enney, menney minney moh."  A more objective 
method was required and the answer was pretty 
obvious.  Wentworth had even more money than Horse 
and was a lot more malleable.  Of course Milly 
expected his lawyers to try to push him into a 
stingy pre-nuptial agreement, but she and Wenny 
would pay a visit to Dr.  Bock to talk about the 
baby and she was sure Amaka could give her fiancee 
enough backbone to stand up to a few lawyers.  
Besides, Wentworth would need Amaka's help to 
"remember" that night he had begged Milly not to 
make him use a condom and not to wonder why their 
baby was a lot darker than either he or Milly.

	Horse, Carlos and Albert were not too happy 
when Milly informed them she would not be able to 
see them quite so frequently once she was married.  
They were mollified, however, when she promised to 
introduce them to some of her friends.  The ones 
she had in mind were taking work far too 
seriously, anyway, and needed a little more fun in 
their lives.  Milly scheduled appointments with 
Dr.  Bock for Olivia, Victoria, and La Toya.

*****

	The group wedding of Kate and three NAG 
officers was the socio-political event of the 
season.  Angelica Lopez headlined the "Style" 
spread "They're All `New Feminists' Now."  The 
photo caption said it all, "...from left to right 
the party comprised Mr.  Charles, "Horse" Jones 
and his bride, Victoria Chung Jones; Mr.  Carlos 
Valdez and bride La Toya Ruston Valdez; Mr.  
Albert Wu and bride Olivia Fuentes Wu; and Mr.  
William Jenkins, President of NARM and bride 
Catherine Harridan Jenkins, President of NAG.  
Accompanying the party were Mr.  Wentworth Stokes 
and wife Mildred Stokes with infant; and Dr.  
James Bock of the Board of Directors of NARM and 
companion, Ms.  Amaka Ebe"

	The touching photograph showed a delicate 
Victoria with her dark, straight hair and almond 
eyes smiling blissfully as the huge basketball 
player looked down on her in adoration.  Heaven 
help the man who so much as *looked* the wrong way 
at his darling Vickie.  No bantam rooster could 
have been more proud than Carlos at the side of 
the broadly grinning black woman who may have 
doubled his weight.  Olivia and Albert were 
oblivious to the camera, lost in each others eyes.  
Kate in her surprisingly short bridal gown beamed 
as Bill held her around the waist like a prized 
possession.  It was only a fluke of the camera 
angle that enabled a close observer of each 
bride's belly to note that someone had jumped the 
gun by serveal months on starting a family.

	The photographer had not thought it seemly 
for a family newspaper to include the adjacent 
tableau of considerable human interest.  In it, a 
thin fiery redhead stood grinning, very proud and 
very pregnant, in the middle of the other four 
Wizards starters who were looking quizzically at 
each other.

The End

Comments, please, to:
Homer Vargas
the_story_writer@yahoo.com

I wish to acknowledge inspiration from "Downing 
Street" and someone else who does not wish to be 
acknowledged without blaming them for the 
execution.  I also wish to thank "Gary Grant," who 
ought to be writing himself, and who will 
recognize his input.
___________________________________________________
It's okay to *READ* stories about unprotected sex
with strangers. But it isn't okay to *HAVE* unpro-
tected sex with strangers!!  You only have one body
per lifetime, so take good care of it.

