Jenna and the Lake
by Humilatron

"No," Jenna said. "I'm not doing it. I can't, Sammy. People might see us! We'll get in trouble!"

"Come on, Jenna. Don't be chicken," Sammy said. "We came to the lake to skinny dip and that's what we're doing. So strip your clothes off and join me."

Sammy waded in the water, naked, staring at Jenna in anticipation. "What if there are critters in the lake?" Jenna asked. "This can't be safe."

"Jenna, people skinny dip here all the time, and remember? We're working on our confidence," Sammy said. "If you do this, you'll raise your confidence from about 2 all the way up to 10. I promise you."

"What if someone takes our clothes?" Jenna asked.

"Then I guess we'll have to streak back naked," Sammy answered. "But don't worry. I'm sure it'll be fine."

Jenna sighed and stripped her clothes of quickly and piled them on top of Sammy's. She ran into the lake and her eyes widened. "It's cold!" Jenna yelled. "How are you so calm?"

"I peed," Sammy said. "It's warmer near me."

"Gross!" Jenna yelled splashing Sammy.

"Hey!" Sammy yelled. "I'll get you for that!"

Sammy swam over to Jenna who laughed and tried to swim away. Sammy grabbed Jenna's wrist and pulled her in close. "No, Sammy! You'll get pee on me!" Jenna whined.

Sammy laughed. "I didn't actually pee, you goof. I was joking. I just have a higher tolerance to cold. You're always such a wuss when it comes to cold water."

Jenna blushed and sighed. "Fine, well, what do we do now?" Jenna asked.

"Now, we make out," Sammy said. "Ever heard of an underwater kiss?"

"Like from Percy Jackson?" Jenna asked.

Sammy grinned and kissed Jenna, pulling her underwater as they made out. They kissed for awhile before resurfacing. "Wow!" Sammy yelled. "That was amazing!"

"Yeah, yeah it was," Jenna said. "And I'm not cold anymore."

"Did you pee?" Sammy asked.

"No!" Jenna laughed, but then looked Sammy in the eyes. "It's just... when I'm with you, you make me feel warm."

Sammy smiled and rolled her eyes. "Don't be so cliché, Jenna," Sammy said, but kissed Jenna on the cheek. "But I feel the same way."

"Sammy please, I skinny dipped, but now I wanna go back home," Jenna said.

"Fine," Sammy said. "Let's go get dressed."

Sammy and Jenna walked out of the water. Sammy walked to where their clothes were and her eyes widened. She gulped. "Um, Jenna," Sammy said. "How about we just head back... naked?"

Jenna laughed, but then saw the look on Sammy's face. "You're joking," Jenna said.

"It seems someone stole our clothes. Probably when we were underwater," Sammy said. "I don't mind streaking, but I'm not sure about you."

Jenna sighed and said. "We don't even have the car! How are we supposed to get back like this!"

"This is a great opportunity to work on confidence!" Sammy said.

"I'm confident that you are sleeping on the couch," Jenna said. "I know we just moved in together, but there's no way I'm letting you sleep on the bed after this. Understood?"

"Yes, ma'am," Sammy said, trying not to laugh. "Come on. It'll be fun."

Sammy ran off towards the townhouse that they had both moved to over the summer after graduating. Jenna had been so excited to move in with Sammy and chose a place near the campus because she was planning on attending graduate school. Sammy happily agreed to moving in together as well, but mostly for the um benefits of living together.

Jenna reluctantly followed behind as Sammy ran off. Jenna tried covering herself, but stopped in her tracks when she saw a crowd of people waiting for Jenna and Sammy was down on one knee with a ring box held out to Jenna. "Jenna, please. I told you I'd help you with your confidence, and I mean that. But I feel like it would be easier to do that if we were truly together forever. As you can see your family and friends are behind me right now, and we're both naked in front of them, but to me when I'm with you, I'm okay with being naked and showing everyone what I have. I hope one day we can do that together. So, please Jenna, will you do me the honors and marry me?"

Jenna didn't know what to say or what to do. She stood there in shock, naked, no longer covering herself as she stared at Sammy holding the ring. And looked up at her family and friends who were all standing there, watching her. "Sammy," Jenna cried and flung her arms around her. "Yes. I will marry you. But you're still sleeping on the couch."

Sammy smiled and kissed Jenna. "Totally worth it," she said as she slipped the engagement ring on Jenna's finger.

