Current mood: 

accomplished 

Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 1/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 1 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Chapter One

Spike blew out a toxic cloud of smoke and flashed a bit of fang at the bartender, who’d been considering coming over and telling him to ditch the cigarette. The bartender scurried quickly in the other direction. Stupid California. Won’t let a bloke have a fag in peace, and yet true abominations, such as the one currently on stage, are allowed to carry on.

“That’s the most horrible thing I’ve ever seen.”

Spike did not startle in a most unvampire-like manner when the voice sounded above his shoulder. All right, perhaps he did, just a bit. But he’d been trying so hard to tamp down on his senses, to block as much of the horrible noise as possible, that he hadn’t heard the man sneak up on him.

Without turning, Spike replied, “That’s only because you haven’t seen him dance.”

The man chuckled and sat beside him. Spike took another long drag and, with his back still to his companion, said, “Heard you were dead.”

“That ain’t stopped you two. Why should I let it slow me down?”

Curiosity got the better of him. It always did. So he swiveled around and had another drag and took a good, long look at the man beside him. He appeared the same. Muscular. Slightly shaggy hair with the fringe hanging over his blue eyes. Worn jeans and a big, shiny belt buckle, gray shirt open at the neck. Cowboy boots with pointed toes.

“Death suits you,” he concluded, exhaling carcinogens into Lindsey’s face.

Lindsey smiled. “What is that?” he asked, gesturing toward the stage.

Spike winced. “’Copacabana’. I expect he’ll do ‘I Write the Songs’ next.”

“For Christ’s sake, why?”

“Because he’s had three bottles of Jameson tonight and they don’t have any songs in Gaelic on the machine.”

“But why is he here? Why are you here, listenin’ to him?”

“’M not listening, I’m drinking.” He held up his own bottle of Jack. “And I should be asking you the same. We killed you. Why are you chatting me up?”

Up on the stage, Angel finished the song. A man in a slightly rumpled suit looked as if he wanted to go next, but Angel clutched at the microphone and snarled at him, and the man backed away.

“I came here lookin’ for you.”

Spike puffed into his face again. “Why? Want to be killed again?”

“Well, that would just be a waste of time for us both, wouldn’t it?”

“Dunno. Haven’t done much of it lately. Might be nice to commit a bit of mayhem, keep my hand in.”

Lindsey smiled. “How ‘bout if you hear my proposal before you drop your fangs?”

Spike looked the man up and down again. He knew whatever he was up to, it was no good. But things had been a little slow lately anyway. He stubbed his cigarette out on the black granite bar, drained his bottle, and stood. “All right,” he said. “Outside.” Spike glanced at Angel, but his grandsire’s eyes were closed as he sang the chorus, and he didn’t notice as Spike and Lindsey slipped past him and out the side door.

The silence of the alley was sheer bliss. Lindsey trailed him as he walked several paces deeper in, away from the door and the brightly lit street. There was nothing back here but a half-full dustbin and a few scattered cardboard boxes. It was very dark, but Spike had no problem seeing Lindsey clearly. After all, alleys were a vampire’s natural habitat.

Spike propped his shoulders and the sole of one boot against the brick wall, and pulled out another smoke. “So,” he said, lighting up. “A proposal?”

Lindsey stood very close. “Yeah. Here’s the thing. Wolfram and Hart owns my ass. It’s the contract. So Angel has me killed, I end up in one of the firm’s private hells, right? And then they drag me out when they need me for somethin’—“

“Need you for something? We kicked their arses. Don’t expect they’re up to much nowadays.”

Lindsey shook his head. “You whipped the LA branch, Spike. The firm still has plenty of presence elsewhere.”

Spike scowled but he knew the lawyer was telling the truth. Something like Wolfram and Hart never truly died. It just slinked away for a while to lick its wounds, maybe.

“I was workin’ on somethin’ in Minsk. You ever been to Minsk? In February? Hell’s better. Anyway, I slipped my leash and made my way here.”

“Why?”

“’Cause soon they’re gonna figure out that I’m gone, and they’re gonna track me down.” He gazed earnestly at Spike. “I need protection.”

Spike laughed. “And you think I’m gonna give it to you?”

Lindsey shrugged. “You’re the only one that can. Anybody else, they’d be on me in a second. But they won’t come near you and Angel, not even to get at me.”

Spike thought about this for a few minutes. It made sense, in its own twisted way. After they had won the battle against the demon hordes—lost their friends, but won the battle—their enemies had decided they were too much trouble to deal with, and had withdrawn. It was sort of an unspoken truce: the law firm and its allies stayed out of southern California, and Angel (and Spike, by extension) ignored whatever they were up to in the rest of the world. Maybe it didn’t make them Champions, but there was always plenty of evil to fight right here at home. And if unlife had grown a bit stale, neither Spike nor Angel complained. They merely drank a lot. And, in Angel’s case, brooded, of course.

Spike tossed the cigarette butt away and squinted at Lindsey. “All right. I can see why you might be safe here. But why the bloody hell should I help you?”

Lindsey sighed. Then he sank to his knees at Spike’s feet, spread his arms wide, and dropped his head. He rolled his eyes up to gaze at Spike through his fringe. “I’m all yours.”

Despite himself, Spike felt his cock stir. Lindsey was a very pretty man, and he was even prettier like this. “What do you mean?” he asked, allowing a hint of a growl to edge into his voice.

“You protect me—from the firm, from Angel—and you can have me. Do what you want with me. Master.”

Spike’s nether regions took an even more intense interest in the goings-on.

Spike shifted his face and snarled, knowing his yellow eyes would be glinting in the dim light, his fangs flashing dangerously. “Do you know what you’re offering?”

Lindsey nodded. “Whatever you do with me…it’s better than my alternatives.”

Spike closed the distance between them in a single step, but Lindsey didn’t flinch back. Spike grabbed his hair in one tight fist and tilted his head until he was looking straight up, right into Spike’s feral eyes. “I may have a soul, but I’m still a bloody demon.”

Lindsey didn’t flinch. “Yeah. I got that. It’s why this is perfect. You’re strong enough to protect me, and if you say you will protect me, I know you ain’t gonna hand me over. And you can get your vamp jollies with me guilt-free, ‘cause I’m a bad man, right?” His expression was an odd mixture of earnestness, sarcasm, and arrogance.

Spike loosened his hand and allowed his face to revert to human. He wasn’t stupid, despite what Angel thought. He didn’t trust Lindsey and he fully realized that this was almost certainly part of some plot. But while he was smart enough, he wasn’t always wise, and discretion had never been his watchword. At least Lindsey might provide an interesting diversion, and, Spike thought, he truly could use some diverting. He decided to test the lawyer’s resolve.

He leaned back against the bricks again. “Strip,” he ordered.

Lindsey looked up at him quickly and blinked. And then he stood and began unbuttoning his shirt. Spike watched as the man slowly removed his shirt, allowing it to fall to the ground at his side, and then yanked off his boots. With a determined set to his mouth, he unbuckled his belt and unfastened his jeans, and slipped them off as well. When he was entirely naked, he knelt again.

Spike considered the man before him. He was blushing. His neck was tanned and corded with muscles. Would look nice with a collar, he thought. Steel. No—black leather. His skin was flawless—the tattoos were gone—and stretched over thick slabs of muscle. His brown nipples were hardened little points. His waist was trim, his arse and thighs were rounded and taut, and his cock, which was nestled among dark curls, was at half-mast. Spike smiled to himself. The wanker was embarrassed, but he was also getting off on this.

“Stand up,” Spike said, and Lindsey complied, keeping his eyes trained carefully on the pavement. Spike approached him again and skimmed a hand over his chest and then back, feeling the warmth of him, the minute trembling he was trying hard to keep in check. Then Spike cupped a hand on one of his arse cheeks and squeezed lightly. Lindsey jumped, just a bit, and the color in his cheeks intensified. So did his erection.

Still palming the man’s smooth arse, Spike stepped in until his duster was just brushing against his bare skin. “You’re certain?” he purred into Lindsey’s ear.

“Yes,” was the reply, barely more than a whisper.

Spike moved his hand a bit until the tips of his fingers edged at Lindsey’s cleft, and then probed inside. Lindsey’s breath hitched and his heart was racing, but he didn’t otherwise react. Spike pressed further until he felt the tight little sphincter, and then he put the pad of one cold finger against it and inhaled deeply from Lindsey’s neck. Lindsey’s jaw was set but his eyes were still downcast. Spike pushed his finger inside to the first joint, just as he licked wetly along that neck. McDonald let out a strangled yelp and jerked but didn’t try to move away.

Lindsey was tight around Spike’s finger and hot as a furnace. As Spike watched, a bead of sweat formed at his hairline and dripped down his face. Spike licked it away. Then he pulled his finger out and patted Lindsey’s bum. “On your knees, lawyer.”

For the third time, Lindsey knelt in the alley. He seemed to know what was coming—seemed familiar with the position, Spike thought—because when Spike pushed his crotch into the man’s face, Lindsey immediately reached up and unfastened Spike’s trousers. Spike’s cock was hard and aching already, and Lindsey held it in his right hand while he licked the tip like a lollipop, swirling around the crown and then pushing into the damp slit.

“Done this before, have you?” Spike asked, and Lindsey nodded without stopping the motion of his tongue.

Spike wanted to draw this out, he truly did. But he’d been nearly bloody celibate for far too long, only his left hand for company, and just the sight of the naked man kneeling before him, willing yet not, was nearly enough to send him over the edge. He grabbed Lindsey’s long hair in both hands and thrust himself deeply into Lindsey’s mouth. The man choked a bit and his eyes watered, but he didn’t struggle.

“Bloody hell!” Spike rasped. It had been years since he’d had his dick in someone’s warm mouth, since he’d felt a human pulse throbbing around him and smelled arousal and fear and fresh, salty tears.

His bollocks tightened, and—

“No,” he said, pulling himself free with a loud slurp. “Not yet. Up against the wall, cowboy.”

Lindsey stood and looked close to panicking, his eyes very round and his breathing rapid. But he paused only briefly before walking to the same spot where Spike had been leaning. He pressed his palms and forehead to the bricks.

Spike kicked his legs farther apart. Then he placed a palm over each of Lindsey’s cheeks and spread them apart, admiring the sight before him. Lindsey swallowed a moan.

Spike took his own cock in his hand and came up close behind Lindsey. He dragged his wet organ up and down a few times over the man’s skin.

“Spi—Master,” Lindsey said quietly. “I ain’t never—“

“Don’t expect me to believe that, do you?” Spike laughed, not really caring whether it was true. “I expect one of those bastards at your firm popped your cherry long ago.” He slapped a hand against one of the globes of flesh before him, admiring the way the skin pinked up at once.

Lindsey didn’t say anything in response, but he rolled his head against the wall in mute denial. It didn’t deter Spike, who lined the head of his cock against the man’s hole. Lindsey’s back muscles were tight and more sweat dripped down his spine.

“Relax,” hissed Spike. “Or don’t. Doesn’t matter to me.” And he thrust his hips forward, driving his cock inside.

Lindsey yelped, a high-pitched sound that made a nice counterpoint to Spike’s groan of pleasure. Perhaps he had been telling the truth after all, Spike thought. In any case, he certainly felt virgin-tight, and hot enough that Spike was nearly afraid he’d combust. Instead, though, he pumped urgently against Lindsey, driving him against the wall, ignoring the man’s grunts and whimpers. In no time at all, Spike was coming hard. He barely suppressed the urge to bite into Lindsey’s shoulder as he emptied himself into that constricting passage.

Spike leaned against the broad back for a moment, gathering breath he didn’t really need. Then he pulled out, eliciting a final small cry from Lindsey’s throat. Lindsey remained where Spike had positioned him.

Spike leaned down and picked up Lindsey’s shirt, then used it to wipe his own groin. Spike could smell Lindsey’s blood on him, and it was nearly enough to make him hard again. But he tossed the dirtied shirt aside and tucked himself back inside his jeans, then buttoned up.

“Turn around,” he said. Lindsey did. His cock now hung limp between his legs and his cheeks were streaked with dried tears. He didn’t meet Spike’s gaze. “Last chance to change your mind, pet,” he said.

Lindsey shook his head. “No,” he mumbled.

“All right, then. Let’s go.”

Spike turned toward the door, and Lindsey reached for his discarded clothing.

“Uh-uh,” said Spike, waggling his finger. “Won’t be needing those anymore.”

Lindsey froze. Spike could see his jaw working. But then the man stood again, his hands empty, and he followed Spike back through the door.

As the walked through the bar, the other customers stopped and stared. Spike looked over his shoulder at his new pet, whose face was scarlet. Spike inhaled and could smell blood and come, and knew they were visible, dripping down the inside of Lindsey’s thighs.

Angel didn’t see them at first. He’d given up the mic and was back at their table, hunched morosely over another bottle of whiskey. He only looked up as Spike approached the table, and then Angel’s mouth gaped comically open as he saw the spectacle before him. Spike said, “Cheers, Peaches,” and then swept on by toward the front door.

The car was parked only a block away, which was probably just as well. Even in LA at night, the authorities might take notice of a naked bloke walking down the street. Spike opened the back door and instructed Lindsey to get inside, and to kneel on the floorboards facing backwards. It was a bit awkward, but Lindsey managed to comply. Spike chuckled to himself as he drove off, knowing Angel would have to walk. Or call a cab. Stupid git didn’t even know Spike had his own set of keys.

At first, Spike intended to drive straight back to the Hyperion. The nice little bout of back-alley shagging had tired him, and it would be nice to just collapse in front of the telly. But then he decided to make a stop on the way, while he had the car anyway and Lindsey was handy. He needed some supplies.

Jimmy’s Toy Chest wasn’t too far out of the way and kept late-night hours. Spike had been inside only once before, out of curiosity more than anything. It had been a very long time since he’d had a chance to use the sorts of things Jimmy carried.

The bloke behind the counter looked slightly startled when Spike and Lindsey entered, and then smirked. It was bright inside, much brighter than the bar, and Lindsey looked as if he wanted to melt into the floor, but he trailed compliantly behind Spike.

“Uh, can I help you?” the bloke asked. He had an impressive number of piercings in his face.

“Need this and that. I can find it myself.”

“Want a basket?” He pointed at a stack of metal bins near the counter.

“Ta,” Spike said. He turned to Lindsey. “Get one.”

Lindsey did, and then followed as Spike meandered around, occasionally tossing items into the basket. Most of the items made Lindsey look distinctly nervous. Spike took an especially long time in the collar section, finally deciding on a black leather one, about an inch wide, with metal studs and a D-ring and a fastening that could be padlocked. He lingered over the selection of chains as well, but he knew that Angel had an impressive supply already in the basement, and so Spike turned aside and chose a nice, sturdy-looking flogger instead.

The bloke at the counter smiled as he rang up Spike’s purchases. “Good choice,” he said, dropping a wide silicone butt plug into a plastic bag. Spike handed over his Angel Investigations Visa. He had plenty of cash, actually, but it was so much more fun to pay for things like this with the credit card, and to see Angel’s head virtually explode when he received the bill. Besides, what was the thick sod thinking, trusting Spike with a credit card to begin with?

Spike made Lindsey carry everything out to the car.

His existence was looking a bit livelier.

Chapter 2