TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAY 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: A Cuckold Conversation: Case#2
Author: C.D.E.

CAST
Harold  - Husband
Helen  Harold's Wife
Eddie  - Harold's Friend


	"DING! DONG!"

	"Why Eddie!  I was wondering who that could be at the door.
C'mon in.  Good to see you.  What brings you out on this rainy
day?"

	"Likewise Harold, I was near here when this torrent broke, so I
thought I'd dropped by and see if you were home and how things
were going with you.  Also thought maybe I could rest a while
until the storm clouds passed on."

	"Of, course, of course my good friend.  Come on in.  No one's
here except me and the young ones.  That is the twins, they're
taking a nap at the moment."

	"Oh yes, what are they now, 4?"

	"Y-Yes that's right.  You have a good memory."

	"It's been about two years since we last talked and they were
about 2 then.  By the way, and maybe I shouldn't get into your
personal business, but is Helen still whipping you when she
thinks you're misbehaving or not agreeing with her?"

	"Oh, you would have to bring that up.  Look, it's not that much
of a problem.  Every since we've been married these 20 plus
years, sure she's struck out at me or lashed me from time to
time, but we always make up and she returns to being affectionate
to me.  And while some might see her actions as too forceful in
response to my actions, which in every case I have to admit that
I was wrong and she had some justification to be upset."

	"There you go again making excuses for her absolute domination
and enslavement of you under the guise of true love."

	"Eddie, the truth is that I know it pleases her to whip me
Eddie, that's why I-I don't mind in the least enduring the
bruises a-and welts on my rear.  Mother use to whip me too when I
was growing up, and she has told both me and Helen that an
occasional whipping is good for both of us.  That is, Helen
administering it and me receiving it.  Mother firmly believes
that corporal punishment by Helen will keep our marriage
harmonious and remind me of my place and role in the marriage. 
As you know, I'm a cuckold, and I-I have to admit, sometime I-I
have done things that were improper for a husband in my position
to do.  So I-I understand that I was deserving of the punishment
I-I received to correct to my behavior a-and remind me of my
place.

	"A-And s-sure it's somewhat painful, b-but I see where her
punishing me is a sure sign of her love for me.  A-And in
addition, s-she's so sweet to me afterwards a-and it-it's so good
t-to have her being affectionate to me.  W-Why after my last
whipping a month ago, she even handled my balls while she
permitted me to jack off."

	"Well it appears there's no hope for you seeing that you're not
only henpecked but being abjectly abused and made to love it,
both by by her and your mom.  But tell me Harold, are you still
having to jerk yourself off instead of having sex with your own
wife?"

	"W-Well masturbation is sex.  B-But I-I know what you mean. 
A-As I've told you several times before, h-her men friends d-do
take up a lot of her time a-and, well they keep her pussy busy,
a-and s-she says t-that with their cocks being s-so big a-and
them fucking her so long before t-they ejaculate, it-it wears her
out. A-And since I-I usually don't last more t-than a minute
w-when she does permits me to have s-some, a-and that's wearing a
condom, as I always have since we've been married.  I-I know I
wouldn't last a minute if I didn't wear one.  Plus s-she doesn't
get much out of it anyway, s-so thats why she often asks me to
beat my meat for her.

	And you put up with that, while she's putting out for every
hard dick that comes along almost just for the asking?

	I-I know you've had a hard time understanding my marriage a-and
me doing this, b-but it really pleases Helen to see me pulling
myself off.  A-And t-the look of pleasure on her face m-makes it
all worthwhile, e-even if-if I'm not getting as much from my own
wife as other men.

	"I think you nuts, but anyway, how often do you get some in a
year?"

	"Eddie I-I know where y-you're going with this b-but...

	"How often Harold!  Lets not beat around the bush.  You always
avoid me when I ask you this."

	"O-Okay, since you want to b-browbeat me about it. For the 20
years w-we've been married, a-about 2 or 3 times a year.  B-But
before you go and say something, you have to remember s-she has
a-an uncontrollable  weakness for those big strong brawny men
t-that take advantage of her weakness.  A-And so w-when they tell
her t-to not l-let me put it-it in, y-you can't blame her for
obeying them.  S-Some of them h-have also t-told me t-that all I
can do is-is suck their jism out of her fucked cunt and beat my
meat."

	"And you do as they tell you?"

	"Well y-yes.  Helen has advised me to do so.  Y-You know I-I'm
easily intimidated a-and don't like c-confrontation.  Plus
H-Helen does get so much enjoyment from their strong fucking
a-and from me sucking their semen from her well fucked pussy. 
She says I please so much better with my mouth than my much
smaller prick - smaller than she's use to that is.  A-And anyway,
s-she did intercede on my behalf to let me have coitus with her,
usually on Christmas and on my birthday.  A few times, I've been
allowed to have some on Father's Day too.  E-Even though I-I
always have to wear a rubber, it's so good to be intimate with
Helen that way."

	"I see.  Now back to your being whipped.  You really don't
mind?"

	"Eddie, I-I know it-it's a bit unusual for a husband to be
getting whippings from h-his wife.  B-But Helen wants me t-to
demonstrate my love to her this way, s-so I do."

	"And I guess it's the same way with the kids too?"

	"Absolutely.  She told me 7 months before our wedding that the
men who were taking advantage of her weakness for their big
robust dicks a-and more than likely t-they were going to
intimidate her into stop taking birth control pills and make her
have their b-babies.  Of course I-I was devastated that she would
possibly be having another man's baby, or as the case has been
for us, babies.  B-But if-if I-I  had walked away from her then,
it-it would've showed what a fair weather love I had for her,
instead of the stronger love that can endure stormy weather."

	"So she was having sex with these men that were taking advantage
of her even while you two were engaged?"

	"Y-Yes.  I-I was a virgin b-before we got married.  E-Even
though she was having sex several times a week a-and I-I was
sucking her semen laden pretty pussy often, she demanded I save
my virginity for her and our wedding night, which I agreed to do.
 You see, my mother had me wearing one of those chastity cock
lock since I was 12 a-and so s-she thought it was a good idea for
me to keep wearing it to ensure my dowry - my virginity - until
our wedding night.  Helen's parents also fully supported mother,
as well as Helen, so I had no vote in the matter.

	"I pleaded my case to have the device removed, after all, I was
23.  Well no one thought my rationale was that strong and saw no
reason why I shouldn't continue to wear the cock lock or
masturbate - now under Helen's supervision rather than my mother.
 Her parents also thought that since their daughter thoroughly
delighted in me sucking her various studs jism from her used
pussy, I should continue to do so.

	"Mother let me know that since Helen was so sexually active with
all her different men, it would be too difficult for her to stop,
so she let me know I should just get use to that.  It was just
the way things were going to be. She then went on to tell me:

"Harold, her men friends are jealous of you for having Helen's
heart, and all they get is her hot juicy pussy.  That's why they
insisted she bring home that first cunt load of cum for you to
eat out of wet drippy snatch.  And I have to applaud her for not
giving you her man's message or telling you it was another man's
sperm you were sucking out of her.  For it was obvious after she
covered your face with her sloppy twat after taking her pussy
plug out, you delighted in the taste of her messy muff, and told
you what was expected of you."

	"I know that had to be devastating to know that you had eaten
another man's cum."

	"I-It did Eddie, b-but I-I had t-to a-admit, I-I had told Helen
s-she was tastier than the other times I-I'd sucked her pussy -
that is when it wasn't flavored with some of her men's jism. 
Well, I-I  was very confused, so Helen and I were called to meet
with the minister after both our parents told him of the
situation.

	"I was very surprised at his perspective, for he advised me to
thwart anger with kindness.

"You see Harold while they meant meanness and to demean you, out
of that came the delightful revelation that your sucking their
ejaculate from Helen provided a means to giving a greater
pleasure than you ever did before and her seeing you in a whole
new light.  You have the gift of having a taste for cum. 
Everyone doesn't have the talent to be a cum sucker and cum
eater, but apparently you do."

	"The minister not only urged me to delight in being  my
fiancee's cream pie eater, but to even thank her men friends who
are antagonizing and taking advantage of her by tempting her with
their handsome looks and big sexy cocks.

	"I-It was strange, but I saw his logic, and Helen and I 
followed his advice.  He urged her to continue to try and resist
their temptation, but if she failed, she was always to bring her
semen loaded pussy back to my mouth for a good sucking."

	"And you were satisfied with such unusual advise?"

	"Y-Yes, what else could I do u-under the circumstances. 
Especially since it bonded Helen and I closer, even if I to eat a
lot of her different men's cum.  A-As the minister said, I-I  did
find her slimy pussy palatable, a-and since I-I had the talent
for eating out used pussy, I-I  used my talent to win Helen's
heart, even if her studs were fucking her pussy."

	"That's something.  And so did you thank her studs for fucking
her cunt for you to eat out?"

	"T-The minister s-set up a meeting with me and 5 o-of Helen's
regular studs. He scheduled them to arrive a half hour apart at
his church office . Rev. Smith had me shake hands with each man
and thank them for fucking Helen better than I ever could, even
though I  was still a virgin.  Helen had already been forced by
the men to tell them about my under endowed equipment - that is
as compared to their much larger penises.  Next Rev. Smith had me
ask each man if I could handle and kiss the head of their dicks
as a gesture of me respecting them for being the better man, and
not holding any grudge against them for fucking my fiancee.

	"Even though Rev. Smith and I had met the prior day and he
talked about this being a proper thing for me to do, I never
thought I could go through with it, but he was insistent.  A-And
as you know by now Eddie, n-no matter how hard I try to  resist
persistent people, I-I end up being coerced by them to do what
they desire of me.  I-I guess I end up finding it easier to do
that than being confrontational.  W-Well this is about the way it
happened with Rev. Smith.


	"He convinced it wasn't that hard to do and even convinced me to
practice with his surprisingly sizable member.  I-I was a bit
embarrassed, but with him being a minister, I-I assumed it was
alright to handle his cock.

	"I-I knelt before him as he said a-and said what he had wanted
me to ask each of Helen's men friends.  And of course he said yes
to me in this practice session.  next I had to help him slid his
pants and shorts down to expose his manhood.  And I'm telling
when his big cock flopped out and hit me in the face, was I
surprised at it's length and thickness.  I don't know why, but it
was just natural for me wanting to touch it for some reason,
maybe out of curiosity.  A-And when it came time to kiss the big
cock head, that was far easier that I had been prepared for, as I
held and softly caressed his shaft easily kissing the slit of his
slowly swelling dick head.

	"We both noticed that his penis had grow stiffly erect and it
was then that Rev. Smith alerted me that if any of the men's get
erect as his dick was at the moment, it was only proper that I
apologize for getting them aroused and offer to suckle them so to
let them ejaculate and return to being soft.

	"While I-I was trying to respond to Rev. Smith he pushed his
very stiff erection right between my lips and before I knew it,
my mouth was full of his huge cock head, followed by his rigid
hot hard meaty cock shaft.  He held the back of my head, so there
wasn't much I could do, but accept my situation as he slowly
moved my head back and forth along his stiff cock.  He started
giving me instructions and telling me:

"That's it Harold, don't clamp down, keep your teeth out of the
way.  Just think of yourself as a baby suckling your mama's tit.
C'mon, you can do it.  That's a good boy, suck my hot hard meat
and show me you know how to properly respect a real man."


	"Well Eddie, I-I soon got use to the fullness in my mouth, as
well as the rhythmic movement of his swollen meaty tool sliding
back and forth between my pursed lips.  I was so surprised at how
easy it was to do this for him.  It-It was so much easier t-than
I-I could ever imagine."

	"How was it when he came in your mouth?"

	"Well first of all Eddie, he pulled his cock head back to the
front of my mouth before he released his jism and prepared me by
telling me there was nothing to be afraid of and that it would be
good for me to experience something a real man never would.  And
that's when he ejaculated his copious and terribly hot gooey
creamy load, as he warned me to suck and swallow quickly.  It was
so easy to tell he enjoyed releasing and spurting his very
forcefully spurted manly load in my mouth.

	"After swallowing all of his his slimy jism, he had me to
continually to slowly suck his softening cock meat.  For some
reason, his hot load warmed my innards, including my gullet as it
slid down my throat and I-I felt a strange and cozy contentment.

	"Moments later he pulled his sucked and softened dick from
between my lips.   with a slight swishing plopping sound.  It was
then that I seemed to return to the world of reality and realized
what I had just done.  Needless to say, I was very embarrassed
and found it hard to look in his face from my kneeling position.
"Here lick and then kiss my balls, it'll help you feel less
ashame and make you feel more confident for tomorrow night if you
have to suck any of their dicks."  Rev. Smith said to me.  Not
knowing what else to do and wanting to feel less ashamed than I
already was, I did as he directed me.  And in a strange way, it
did seem to help by having my tongue lapping his hairy warm soft
nut sac and then giving his balls a parting kiss."

	"Well Harold, how did the next night go with your fiancee's 5
studs?"

	"W-Well Eddie, I-I was very nervous when I arrived at the Rev.
Smith's office.  I really had butterflies in my stomach.  I told
him t-that I-I was still very much embarrassed and couldn't go
through with it.  It told me to wait and then he returned with
his associate minister, Rev. Jones.  I-I won't go into all t-the
details, but Rev. Smith explained to Rev. Jones, what was planned
for the evening and asked him to help rid me of my nervousness by
sucking his cock and swallowing his sperm.  Rev. Jones, who was
younger than Rev. Smith quickly agreed and said "It would be my
pleasure to let you have my cum and help you feel less ashamed of
yourself."Rev. Smith then spoke to me:

"With a heated load of jism on your tummy, it'll make you feel
less ashamed and instill more confidence in you".

	"Rev Smith told Rev. Jones, 'His hands are soft and girlish, you
can't help but get hard.'.  I was caught off guard by his
statement, but by this time, Rev. Jones had exposed his penis,
which again was so much larger than mine, and he put my hand on
it and to my surprise his cock was already swelling and extending
itself and was at full length almost instantly.  He pointed his
giant bloated smooth dick head at my lips and simply pushed which
seemed to cause them to part on their own, and once again, I was
experiencing the feeling of having my mouth filled by hard thick
dick meat."

	"That is unreal Harold.  So tell me, he shot off in your mouth
and did it calm your uneasiness?"

	"Y-Yes h-he used my mouth a-and ejaculated his large slimy load,
w-which I was able to suck down quickly and more confidently than
that first time, I must say.  A-And to-to answer your question,
to my surprise, I-I did feel much less embarrassed a-and very
much more confident at having to do what was scheduled ahead of
me for the rest of the evening."

	"Interesting.  Well how did it go with your fiancee's 5 studs?"

	"Well Eddie, when the first stud walked in, I felt a bit uneasy,
and was surprised that I managed to say what I had to say with
out too much stammering.  I was glad Rev Smith was present and
basically moderated the meeting between me and Helen's studs. 
The stud looked at me with disdain as I spoke and to some extent
I felt worthy of his contempt, a-and strangely that made me feel
more confident.  I-I guess I-I felt I had nothing to lose, I knew
the stud knew he had the upper hand over me.  I knew I was the
underdog and had to work harder to keep her affection by proving
my love and worth to her.  I knew I had to work harder than they
did to hold onto her.  They had already won her pussy over, I had
to work harder to win her heart."

	"That was even poetic Harold.  But how did it go with the stud
and handling his dick?"

	"Y-You know Eddie, I-I never expected a-any of the studs to
e-even let me do that for them, b-but to my total surprise,
e-each and every one did.  A-And to my further surprise each and
every one of them got rigid and welcomed me sucking them off."

	"So all 5 emptied their balls in your mouth?"

	"Y-yes they did.  A-And you know it-it was just as Rev. Smith
told me, each how gooey load made me even more confident for
taking the next.  After the giving my last blow job to the fifth
stud, I felt very good about myself and even better that I had
proven to Rev. Smith that I could face my fiancee's studs, even
if as a cocksucker."

	"What did Rev. Smith say about your performance?"

	"He praised me so, I-I felt embarrassed, but it was good feeling
to know that I had exceeded his expectation in letting Helen's
men know t-they had nothing to fear from me."

	"So Harold, you don't mind being seen as basically a doormat by
her studs?"

	"W-Well Eddie, if-if they fear me, t-they might g-get defensive,
a-and t-then I-I have to w-worry about t-them getting
c-confrontational.  A-And y-you know I..."

	"Yeah, I know you don't like conflict.  So you'd rather be know
as a cocksucking milksop?"

	"I-I'd have to agree with what Rev. Smith told me.  T-That for
me, it-it's better for me to s-suck a man's dick r-rather than
have to-to get confrontational with him.  S-So yes I-I don't
mind.  P-Plus Helen has told me she d-doesn't expect me to stand
up to her men anyway.  S-So I-I see doing as she wants me to do
as endearing myself to her."

	"You are my friend Harold, but you're pathetic.  And you're
definitely taking "proving your love to your wife", much too
far."

	"I-I know y-you wouldn't understand Eddie, even after all these
years we've known each other."

	"You're right about that Harold.  And I really can't understand
you, and your providing for all those bastard kids that aren't
yours.  And your signing paternity and child support waivers that
relieves the biological dads of any responsibility is way
foolish."

	"P-Please, Eddie, d-don't talk like that.  S-Sure Helen has been
made to bring 9 babies into our marriage t-that aren't
biologically mine.  B-But that doesn't mean t-that I can't accept
them as ours a-and raise them a-as part of our family.  E-Every
b-baby I a-accepted as ours a-and became the daddy of, made m-me
e-even greater in-in her eyes.  T-That m-means a lot to me a-and
I-I know she appreciates me for it."

	"I'm sure she does, while it makes you a supreme cuckold and
fool."

	"I-I k-know y-you a-and others might s-say that, j-just because
all t-those men inseminated her a-and e-even after 20 years, I-i
still h-haven't had her with out a rubber.  B-But that's one of
h-her little quirks a-and since it makes h-her happy f-for me to
wear them w-while her other men don't, w-well I-I've just
accepted it.  A-And well, I-I'm not angry w-with her about it. 
Anyway, despite that, she's still a loving a-and caring wife to
me a-and we have a great family?"

	"If you say so Harold.  But tell me, when did you start filling
in for your wife as a surrogate cunt when her studs wanted some
pussy and she was unavailable?"

	"Oh Eddie, y-you knew about me s-sucking their c-cocks for her
e-even before me a-and Helen were married.  B-But I-I didn't
start having intercourse w-with them until s-she became pregnant
w-with o-our first child."

	"You mean her child, don't you cause you didn't put it in her."

	"E-Eddie y-you just like t-to keep harping about trivial things.
 If a guy loves a girl, he won't mind it-it that s-she got
inseminated by some other guy."

	"You mean a fool like you."

	"Okay, go ahead a-and say those kind of mean things.  I-I'm not
going t-to get angry.  I-I  just know you don't understand true
love."

	"I guess not Harold.  So look, your slut wife was 6 months
pregnant when you and her walked down the aisle.  And she made
you have all her 5, or what was it, 6, regular studs be your best
men?"

	"I-It was only 5."

	And as I remember, they were the group from which one of them
was the father of the baby she was carrying.  She was such a
slut, She didn't know which one had knocked her up.  How could
you marry such a woman?"

	"E-Eddie are you hard of hearing?  I-I told you I-I  loved her.
A-And she loved me.  S-She t-told me everything.  S-She t-told me
all about t-the 5 men m-making her get off the p-pill and h-how
she had to have sex with all of them s-so they could embarrass me
by having me marry her 6 months pregnant with one one of their
babies."

	"And you believed that crap?"

	"L-Look E-Eddie I know you have a problem with my marriage,
b-but please don't s-slander Helen just because she's been
promiscuous.  She's been a good mother to all our children a-and
it doesn't matter that her other men put them all in her.  W-What
counts is t-that s-she brought them all home to me a-and didn't
marry some other better endowed guy j-just because he knocked her
up.  Instead she brought all her babies home to me to be the
daddy of a-and have my name and for us to raise. I-If that's not
real love, I-I don't know what is. S-So get off t-that point.
Please!"

	"You mean last name don't you? Didn't she name all the kids'
first names after the studs who knocked her up?"

	"S-So what?  That's no big deal.  S-She just thought it was a
nice thing to do, even if it she was forced to get inseminated."

	"I'm telling you Harold, I just don't know what to say about you
being so trusting and being easily duped.  But then, they say
love is blind."

	"SIGH! Eddie!  Just because y-you've never really known true
love, y-you shouldn't..."

	"Okay, Okay, I'll get back to the point I was on, before we
drifted off to other things.  My point was about you filling in
and getting shagged by hard dicks intended for your wife.  So,
since she was 6 months pregnant when you two wed, had you been
their little bitch boy and getting your ass fucked before the
wedding?"

	"I-I wish y-you wouldn't m-make it-it sound s-so sordid b-by
using such gutter sounding street slang.  It was just  acts of
temporary emergency sex for them.  A-And it wasn't like they were
strangers.  I-I had gotten to know the guys pretty well by then,
t-that is from having to lick a-and suckle their dicks clean many
times after watching them and Helen have sex. I-I had come to see
that the studs taking advantage of her weren't really bad guys. 
They got me to see that they were doing what came naturally. 
They all admitted they were cunt hounds and that Helen's pussy
was one of the best they've ever fucked.

	"They congratulated me on having not only a beautiful fiancee,
but one that was easy piece and knew how to please a real man's
big dick. They all said at one time or another to me that just
because a gal is pretty doesn't mean she's a good lay.  But they
all agreed that my Helen was an outstanding piece of ass.  They
all said t-they had respect for me loving her so much to do all I
was doing.

	"Helen even confirmed that the guys were sincere in what they
were said to me. She said that even though they saw me as a
pantywaist and a pipsqueak, they respected me for not getting
between real men and good pussy. Helen's exact words were:

"Harold, darling, I know it may sound like they are talking about
you in a condescending manner, but they really do have great
respect for you, and especially in not trying to be foolish
enough to think you're man enough to match up to them.  They are
so pleased that you stay in your place and don't get in their
way.  And that's another reason why they don't mind you watching
us fuck, you really have shown that you don't worry about dignity
or self esteem if you're asked to do little things to enhance
their pleasure, you know like fondle or lick their balls while
they're fucking me, or orally clean out my cunt if it gets too
sloppy between fucks, and of course doing the same to their
genitals after they finish fucking me."

	"Eddie, I-I know you wouldn't understand, but the studs' candor
and praise of Helen, as well as me, did offer me some solace
about my subordinate situation a-and having to deal with them.

	"And I-I know you're gonna say that's perverted for me to have
done all those things I-I've mentioned.  Well you may see it that
way, but I saw it as doing what I could under the circumstances
to show Helen I-I  was there for her, e-even if I-I couldn't stop
those studs from taking advantage of her weakness for their
handsomeness and big robust dicks.  I want you to know that Rev.
Smith and both our parents fully supported all my actions.  So
therefore I really don't care what you might say.  I-I know it
showed her men just how much I was willing to do for the woman I
loved and it really proved to Helen that she could count on me to
be there for her through thick and thin."

	"Harold, it's more like you being there for her to suck up the
fuck as she goes from dick to dick.  But anyway, you never did
admit you were getting fucked like a faggot."

  	"E-Eddie I-I wish you w-wouldn't...  O-Okay! A-And W-What
if-if I-I d-did let them s-slide t-their throbbing cocks u-up my
rear t-to ease t-their horniness.  T-They said t-they needed more
than head, s-so I went alone w-with their demands.  A-Anyway,
it-it turned out n-not to be all that difficult t-to take them
a-and get them off.  R-Rev. Smith had me visit a  doctor that
helps males prepare themselves f-for intercourse w-with men, s-so
as to avoid injuries a-and to help both parties enjoy this kind
of coitus.

	"Rev. Smith told me t-that a g-good cuckold husband like me
s-shouldn't feel offended if his wife's studs wanted to use him
like a woman. Plus, the guys were gentle with me, a-and they
really seemed to enjoy ejaculating deep in me.  A-And they all
praised me for taking so much of their length in me, something
they don't get when I give them head."

	"Harold, to say you're weird is too kind, you're a queer too. 
And let me guess you're going to tell me that Helen praised you
for getting fucked for her too?"

	"Eddie!  You and I have been friends all these years a-and you
still don't understand the close, a-almost symbiotic relationship
Helen and I have. W-We share so many things.  S-She just desires
to share her men with me, t-that's all.  A-And even though, I-I'd
never planned to be a sucker of cocks o-or to have intercourse
w-with her studs, I-I have to say it has brought she and I
closer, as well as bonded me w-with her studs a-and other men
too, like her dad a-and uncles a-and many of their buddies too."

	"It sounds like you're as popular a piece of ass as your wife."

	"Eddie b-because you're a friend, I'm not going to take that as
condescending, but yes, I-I have been surprised over the years
that her studs, her dad, and other men find fucking me so
enjoyable enough to return time and time again."

	"Well Harold, I've heard too much, I don't know if I can take
anymore, plus the rain has let up and I need to move on.  The
best to you, until the next time we meet."

	"Okay Eddie, it was good seeing you.  A-And I know I-I haven't
changed your mind completely about Helen and I, but at least you
know we have a good marriage, even if it's not as orthodoxed as
most.  We do love each other Eddie, we just have a different way
of showing it to each other, than maybe most other couples. 
A-And maybe that's why our marriage has been so successful a-and
lasted as long as it has.  Have you thought about that?"

	"I have.  Yes I have.  Well, anyway.  You take care, and keep in
touch."

	"You too Eddie."

###END###

Comments?  ccwriter@hotmail.com



