*Fantasy-based*


Lierin glanced around herself in minor disgust, her full upper lip curling in a sneer, as she pulled her armor back on quickly and efficiently.  The brick she had been laying on had had a slimy residue... of what, she was probably better off not knowing.  Rats scurried for dark corners, disturbed by her movements.  Not for the first time, she wondered what in the Hate her problem was.  This foul place was definitely not the place for an assignation, no one she knew came here of their own impetus.  Either they had to meet with the guilds down below or were dragged here kicking and screaming.  And yet she had let herself be led here for sex.  At least the hidden caves in Neriak were fairly clean, with maybe a few spiders as company. She finished fastening her breastplate and flipped her hair back, shuddering at the slightly slimy feel of it.  First things first... back to Neriak.  She was going to clean herself thoroughly under the falls in Third Gate.  A mere bath would NOT take care of this mess.

Thanks to the portals to and from New Tanaan, getting anywhere in Norrath was rather quick and easy.  In no time at all, Lierin stood nude beneath the falls of water in the Third Gate, unconcerned about who might walk by.  All she cared about was getting clean.  Her indigo skin gleamed wetly under the streams of water, her ivory hair slicked back from her face, brushing against the blood red tattoos on her back.  She was petite even by teir'dal standards, and rather than heavily corded with muscle like most knights and warriors, her body was slender and lithe, more slim and wiry than  bulky and musclebound, deceptive fragile.  She was stronger than she looked however, and faster...a vicious fighter and skilled combatant.  Small bits of gold glittered on her nude form, tiny rings through the nipples of her small, firm breasts, and a ring peeking from between her thighs.  Diving into the pool below her she felt the last vestiges of her trip to the Qeynos Sewers washed away, a smile returning to the full lips.  She shook her head slowly.

She knew she had a problem, and even knew what it was, but she couldn't seem to get the willpower to deal with it, or the desire really.  Sex.  Vithing, in the language of the teir'dal.  She liked it.. far too much.  That in itself might not be so bad.  She was young, it was expected in tier'dal culture.  It was the type of sex she craved that was the issue.  It was as if her first experience of it had twisted her for all future pleasure.  Now, whenever she vithed a man, she thought back to that dark, hidden room in the bottom of the Fancy, of the ropes that had bound her, of the man standing over her.  It had been foolish to sneak in there at her age, and with the attitude she had carried around then.  Of course, the attitude hadn't improved much.  It had been even more stupid to taunt the dark elf sitting alone in the corner, but he had treated her like a little girl, which, of course, she had been.  But oh so determined to prove she was grown.  And then she had gotten a taste of it.  Being grown, that is.  Teasing a jaluk until he finally says enough and takes what he wants, willing or no. Little waela jalil.  Ah well.  So her first time hadn't been by choice, but something in it had called to her.  And now she recreated that scene in her head whenever she was with someone, and if possible, recreated it in fact.  Her lovers were often also her adversaries, the lines blurred between lust and anger, sex and violence, if not erased altogether.  And that was how she liked it.  But vithing in the filth of the Qeynos sewers, now that was going a bit too far with that particular fetish.

Her current playmate, or abuser, as the case might be, was a rivvil.  She sighed.  She had learned well from her mother to steer clear of humans and other filth, but since when had she really ever done what her mother said?  Not since she had been a little girl of perhaps nine, still a babe in arms in the teir'dal culture, and pulled that sword out of the chest Raevynne had forbidden her to touch.  Lierin shrugged unconsciously, a scowl on her face.  Besides, it wasn't as if her mother could talk, she herself had made poor decisions one after another until they had cost her her life and her very soul, for that matter.  But there was one other thing that made this rivvil even more inappropriate as a lover.  He was her sister's husband.  Former husband perhaps, but even so, there was a part of Lierin that knew better.  Incest was not frowned upon in teir'dal culture, as a rule.  Brothers and sisters were separated, raised in dormitories with other of their own age.  The close family ties were not there, and so perhaps that was why the stigma was not.  However, in the qu'ellar Lierin had been raised in, that had not been the case.  Veldrin had raised its own children, not handed them over to the Spires and the Lodge.  And so to lie with a relative had been forbidden by the close ties that they had formed.  Gareth was not a relative, exactly... but she was splitting hairs.  And perhaps part of what made their loveplay so seductive was the forbidden nature of it.  That, and one other thing.

That man... that tier'dal who had been her first... wasn't.  A teir'dal that is.  He was Gareth's half brother, something she had found out only later, a rogue and an assassin who used magics to appear as a dark elf.  So now she had had both brothers.. and perhaps a bit of revenge against the first to taste her flesh.  After him, until now, she had only vithed teir'dal.  Fucked was the word Gareth used, the human term sounding somehow so much dirtier and delicious.  Drekxial.. their relationship had burned out quickly, as young crushes do.  A teir'dal warrior, rough and violent and full of hate.  Vicious with both others and with herself, then at times so tender that she didn't know how to react.  He had marked her skin with a dagger and homemade ink, a permanent gift to her, and then vithed her, both of them coated with ink and her blood.  One hand reached around, feeling the slightly raised skin he had tattooed with blood red wings, laughing at her and calling her "Daddy's Little Angel."  She moaned softly, remember his hands wrapped around her throat as he thrust into her, squeezing tighter and tighter, then finally letting go, the rush of air to her lungs making her giddy, making the sensations in her body even more intense.  She felt herself getting wet, not from the water but from her arousal, her finger sliding down between her thighs slowly, her eyes closing.

The loud echo of mailed feet on stone startled her for a moment, and she glanced around, a wicked grin curling her lips as the guard strode by, obviously trying to appear unaffected by the sight of a nude woman standing out in the water of the Third Gate.  Her tongue slid out from between her lips, licking them suggestively, a low laugh escaping her as he swallowed convulsively and kept walking.  She swam to the side of the small pool and lifted herself out, drying herself languidly with a cloth from her packs.  Silly little pranks like that were what got jalilen in trouble, she mused.  Of course, in trouble was usually where she wanted to be.

A few hours later, dry and softly perfumed, her armor stowed in her rooms, Lierin left her qu'ellar, clad in her usual "Neriak" gear: a tight pair of leather leggings and a matching top, cut just low enough to enhance what cleavage she had.  Depending on what she planned on doing that evening, she had many versions of this outfit, some so daring that she couldn't take a deep breath without fear of her breasts popping out of it.  This one was relatively sedate in comparison, because she anticipated possibly running into some of her guildmates.  It wouldn't do, after all, to shock them.  A smirk chased across her face for a moment at the though of some of the more dignified members of House Baenrahel and how they might react to the slut in their midst.  She sighed a little at her own thoughts, the word slut quickly ruining her lighthearted mood.  There was a time she wouldn't have termed herself or anyone a "slut."  Was that really what she had become?  Or was it just that she seemed to be lacking that uptight moral code that so many had adopted.  Once, her actions would have been considered normal in teir'dal culture.  Sex and violence and intrigue had been the backbone of their society.  Now it was all about bowing and scraping and worrying about appearances.  Surely this was not what Innoruuk had intended?  Meanwhile, she toed the line, at least outwardly, taking care that her activities would not be seen by those that would judge either herself or her Qu'ellar by her actions.

Perhaps she should just seek out Gareth again for a bit of playtime.  Or even another jaluk.  Anyone that could keep up with her, really.  Maybe if she could get vithing off her mind for a bit, she could settle down and start working again on the quest she had been sent on.  She needed to find a rogue again, in the Overthere.  He had sent her on a mission and she had found what he wanted.  Now she only needed to find the little rat bastard's hiding spot, for he hadn't been back at the meeting place when she had returned, and she wanted her payment.  She couldn't very well go looking for him, however, when all she could think about was sex.  Rolling her eyes, she spun on her heel, reversing directions and heading for the portal to New Tanaan.  She could get to Qeynos quickly from there.  Gareth had best be home and available.

Arriving in Qeynos, she burst into his rooms without knocking, the rivvil girl who had been sucking his cock squealing and backing quickly away from the tier'dal with the large axe standing in the doorway.  "Begone, slut!" Lierin scowled at the wench, who barely threw her clothes on before running from the room.  Gareth simply eyed her challengingly, his cock still standing erect, his hands on his hips and his dark eyes narrowed at her.
"I wasn't done with that little piece of ass, Lierin.  Wait your fucking turn."

"Ahh, Gareth, you know you would rather have my lips around that cock of yours.  You've told me often enough you like it."  She dropped to her knees before him, her eyes on his face watching the scowl dissolve into a grin as her mouth slid over his erection.  She had had enough practice at this to take even his huge cock all the way into her throat, her nose and lips nestled against his groin as she waited for what she knew would come.

.His hands gripped her hair roughly and painfully, pulling her head back then yanking her back onto his cock, fucking her mouth with no care for her comfort.  She moaned, the sound muffled by his erection, reveling in his roughness,  in him standing over her nude while she was still clad in her leather tunic and leggings, the crotch of the leggings already soaking from her arousal.  She squirmed slightly, careful to keep her throat relaxed for him as his cock pushed deep inside.  He wrapped her long silky hair around one fist and held her completely still, his hips thrusting against her face now, her body completely still as his cock pistoned in and out of her welcoming mouth.  "Look at me, Lierin.  Open your eyes and watch this rivvil cock fucking your mouth... You love it don't you?"  He laughed low as she only moaned again, her eyes fluttering open to watch him, their crystal blue depths glazed and dark with passion.  He thrust into her mouth one more time, holding his erection deep inside her throat, cutting off her breathing as he waited for her to start panicking.  She grasped at his thighs, trying to push him back, her nails digging into him.  He thrust her away from him, Lierin gasping for breath and glaring up at him from the floor.  "Gareth, you're such an asshole!"

He yanked her up by the arm, throwing her face down on the bed.  "Asshole?  Asshole, you say.  Maybe yours could use some attention, hmmm?"  He quickly stripped the tiny teir'dal of her leggings, his fingers slipping between her thighs, a chuckle escaping him at the moisture he found there.  "Hmmm... apparently you like this 'asshole'... or at least your body does."  His hand moved back to her pussy, his fingers sliding inside roughly, coming out dripping with her juices.  He placed one against her tight little asshole, rubbing the moisture into the tiny opening, spreading it around.  His other hand spread her asscheeks wide, Lierin not moving except to spread her legs even more, her pussy and inner thighs glistening wet now.  Pressing one finger firmly against the crinkled little hole, he pushed it inside her asshole, the muscles closing tightly around him, a low moan escaping her.  "You like that, don't you, my little slut?  Do you want more?"
"Vith'os, Gareth," she spat at him, at the same time pushing her ass back against his finger.  He laughed low in his throat.

"Don't worry, Lierin.  You will."  He pushed a second finger inside her, stretching her asshole slowly, knowing she enjoyed the pain to an extent, but wanting to make sure no lasting damage was done.  A third finger slipped inside as she whimpered and writhed underneath him.  She shrieked for a moment, resisting him, then collapsed back on the bed, consciously relaxing her muscles, both to lessen the pain and to allow him greater access.  Her tiny hole was adjusting more and more to his intrusion, her pussy dripping her juices down her thighs.  She waited in both anticipation and nervousness to see what he'd do to her next.  The feel of something smooth and slick sliding deep into her abused asshole had her craning her head around to look, but he quickly slammed her face back down onto the bed.  "Uh uh, Lierin.  Behave and take it like the teir'dal slut you are.  I had this made especially for you, you know.  I knew it would stretch you just enough..."

She groaned in pain as he flipped her onto her back, the pressure forcing the thing deeper inside her ass... and then it stopped.  Some kind of a knob or handle kept it from sliding in too deep, but every movement of the bed or her muscles seemed to stretch her further, the feelings gravitating back and forth between pleasure and pain.  She had never felt so full in her life... her eyes widened as she saw him bracing on his knees, his cock aimed at her slit.

Gareth laughed as the tiny shadowknight tried to close her legs to him.  "You said to fuck you, Lierin.  I'm giving you your wish."  He grinned wickedly down at her, his dark hair falling across his brow, nearly black eyes sparkling at her.  His lightly tanned flesh was a sharp contrast against her deep indigo skintones as his hands held her thighs spread apart.  She cursed at him in common and in dark elvish as he pushed his engorged cock into her tiny pussy, her back arching off the bed to get away from him.  "It's too much, you bastard!  Stop!"

His hands moved to her shoulders, pushing her body down, forcing her harder onto his cock as she screamed, feeling as if she was almost being torn in half, both holes filled with almost more than they could take.  Every movement she made shifted both his cock inside her and the toy he had shoved up her ass, sending shockwaves through her body.  He continued to slam into her without mercy, her delicate body dwarfed by his.

Slowly, her body started to adjust, the waves of pleasure returning slowly, her whole body trembling in sensation.  She began to whimper softly, nearly animal sounds escaping her throat, as he kept thrusting deep into her womb, her slim legs moving up to wrap around his hips with surprising strength, her nails clawing his back as she started to meet him thrust for thrust.  He laughed low in his throat, almost a growl.  "That's my little slut.  Fuck me back, Lierin."

Her pussy began to convulse around him, her orgasm close as her tight muscles massaged his cock.  He could feel the toy stuck up her ass rubbing against his cock through the thin bit of skin separating the two holes, and reached one hand under her, grasping the handle, as he continued to support his body over hers with the other arm.   He began to shove the toy in and out of her almost violently, alternating strokes with his cock.  She cried out, a strangled sound caught in her throat as he began to push the boundaries of pleasure and pain again, thrusting harder and harder until she exploded around him, her pussy and asshole both clamping down tight against the objects invading them, his cock squeezed almost painfully by her tight slit, then milked as the aftershocks hit her one after another, a loud scream torn from her lips, her entire back arched off the bed.  He slammed into her once more.. twice.. then pulled out, an evil smirk on his lips.  He pushed her weak and trembling body to the floor again, a moan of pain escaping her as she landed on her ass, the toy shoved painfully deep by her body weight.  Shifting to her knees, she pushed a hand through the curtain of ivory hair that had fallen in front of her face, her eyes focusing on his cock two inches from her lips, still dripping with her juices and his pre-cum.  He was stroking himself with one hand, the other tangling in her hair and holding her face completely still.  He pulled slightly and her head tilted back a little, mouth open slightly.  "Open wide, Lierin.  I have some nice human cum for you to drink..."

Her ice blue eyes were still glazed from her orgasm, the first jet of semen hitting her by surprise, splattering her cheek and lips.  His aim was better on the next shot, his cum landing between her parted lips as she woke up slightly and started to struggle against him.  The rest of his load splattered her face and breasts, the white standing out even more against the deep indigo of her skin.  She obediently swallowed what had landed in her mouth, but her eyes promised retribution later.

