A Series of Unfortunate Strippings - Volume 1
by NakedPeanut

PART 1

Toni Wincock was a petite young girl who had been born on Friday April 13th and was doomed to live as the most unlucky person in the world as she was a very late bloomer and never grew above 4’7”, just under the average height needed to ride on a rollercoaster. At age 15, she was diagnosed with primary amenorrhea which basically means she has never had a period despite showing small signs of breast development, and by small, she is barely a 35A. Her years of unluckiness were only to become worse as she entered senior year at her high school.

Toni was walking through the halls to her first period class when all of a sudden she tripped over something and fell face first onto the ground causing her skirt to fly above her waist from the gravity revealing her underwear. Of course on that day, she forgot to run her laundry so she was wearing her old panties that had her name and the day of the week stitched on the back with pink flowers decorating her butt. It was her luck that the main doors opened and a flood of students walked down the hall seeing her clad butt in the air. The kids giggled and pointed as some spotted small pee stains on her bum from when she was younger.

As Toni stood up, her skirt fell back down, but her foot caught on the end of her skirt dragging it to the floor. Now Toni stood completely exposed in her underwear as everyone began to laugh. Toni quickly bent down to grab her skirt but as she did, her panties ripped, and since they were old, the thread came undone causing the underwear to complete come apart leaving her butt and bare pussy completely exposed as students all gathered around taking pictures. 

“What is the meaning of this?!” The principal yelled coming out of her official to see the ruckus.

The principal looked around and spotted Toni and people taking pictures. “No pictures! That’s child pornography!” she yelled, “And you, Ms. Wincock. Today is your lucky day. Do you want to know why?”

“Why, miss?” Toni asked.

“Your mommy called me and said she registered you as a nudist. That means you have the option to attend school fully naked OR fully clothed. But you cannot be half and half. Considering you are half naked, you must strip the rest off too,” Principal Myers said. “Now strip.”

Toni took a deep breath as she reached for the bottom of her shirt and pulled it off over her head. Because it was laundry day, she had a pink training bra with Hello Kitty on the front. Everyone giggled as they saw. “Do I have to take my bra off?” Toni asked, blushing from embarrassment.

“Yes, you must. I will not have reports saying I infringed your rights by not letting you strip all the way, so you must take it all off or be spanked for fraudulent claims,” Principal Myers said.

Toni pulled off her bra revealing her tiny breasts. Guys whistled while girls sneered and mocked her for her ting breasts. Some of the guys had soldiers as they admired her small breasts while others snickered at seeing Toni naked. Toni stood there completely uncovered. She was now naked in front of everyone.

“You are to attend class naked and no covering whatsoever. Any reportings of covering will result in spankings as it implies your claim of being a nudist was false and that is fraud. Fraudulent claims about nudity results in a parade around the school and a public spanking as you would be putting a bad name for other nudists like you,” Myers said. ”Now all of you get to class! Delete all of your photos as well. Unless she shows signs of being a fake nudist, you cannot take pictures of her other than for usual pictures that you would take of any other person. Otherwise it is classified under child pornography.”

“But she’s naked!” some dude yelled.

“She has the right to be,” Myers replied.

“But she doesn’t even look good!” Another dude yelled.

“I know right? Why show off a body like that?” A girl sneered.

“She doesn’t even have any hair. What a baby!” A guy snickered.

“Baby Toni! Baby! Baby! Baby!” The whole school began to chant. 

Toni wanted to cry. She wanted to bury her head underground and die. “Shut up!” a girl with brown hair and green eyes yelled coming to Toni’s side. “I think she looks great, first of all. And if she is to be a nudist, then let her be one! Who are you to judge?! She’s just as human as you and me. I think it’s great that we have a nudist in our school. It makes our school more diverse and proud.”

“Shut up, Lindsey. You’re just saying that because you’re lesbian,” a guy yelled. 

“You are the one who made me lesbian!” She yelled back making the whole school go “Oh! Burn!”

“At least you have boobs though,” he said.

“Says the one without a dick,” Lindsey shot back.

The whole school went wild after that one.

Toni felt relieved to be taken out of the spotlight for a second.


