Smuggler
by SupMario

Chapter Four

It had all started to go wrong when we went to the home of Scott's
parents.  I had felt something really WRONG in that place but I
couldn't put my finger on it, so I kept it to myself.  Then when I
was introduced to Mary, I didn't know what to think.  Mary was my twin
sister who had died when I was very young.  Some kind of accident,
I don't remember what.  I don't think I ever DID know much about it,
as I was so little at the time.  And now here she was, back from the
dead, it seemed.  She was very friendly and bubbly, and we became
fast friends.

It wasn't until that night, when we were in Mary's bed that I began
to suspect that something was strange about her.  Since I was born I've
had certain abilities that I like to keep to myself.  My mother knew
about them and I think that maybe she had the same kind of abilities
too, though I'm not certain of that.  For sure, Daddy didn't know, or
he never let on that he did, but looking back, I guess that he must
have, if mother did.  Anyway, I can look into other people's heads
and see what they're thinking and feeling.  But the weird thing was,
I couldn't sense *anything* from Mary, not a single thought or emotion,
nothing.  I guess that right there should have tld me something, but at
the time, I just figured that maybe she had the same kind of powers
like me and we cancelled each other out somehow.  It seemed reasonable
at the time, anyways.

So the next night when Mary tld me that she liked my long red hair
so much, I was flattered and we set out to make her hair look like
mine.  We had found this little hair machine in one of the big closets
that was supposed to make your hair do anything you wanted it to do.
It was some high-tech gadget that Mary figured out right away and
proceeded to make her hair look just like mine.  We spent a good while
that evening dressing alike and when we pulled the swich on Scott that
evening while Mary pretended to be me and showed the new "Mary" off to
everyone, we all thought it was great fun.

If I had but known, I never would have agreed to it.  That night, as
Mary and I were falling asleep in her bed, she climbed on top of me
and pinned me down to the bed.  Her right pointing finger retracted
into her hand and a needle suringe came out!  She injeected the stuff
into me and I immediately passed out.  I awoke the next morning feeling
horrible and unable to speak.  I saw Mary with Scott in the doorway
looking sadly at me.  I wanted so desperately to call out to him and
tell him that it *I* was Carrie, not her!!!

When I heard Scott's Mom tell them to go home, I weeped in frustration,
fearing for myself and Scoot as well.  I didn't know what Mary had in
mind for him and I was scared.  After Scott and Mary left, his "mother"
took on a drastic change as the medical team arrived.  She shimmered for
a moment and then it was a man there, in her place.  I remembered seeing
his face somewhere, but I didn't know where.  The man told the medical
people to get me ready for transport and left the room.

They put me in some kind of weird harness and I passed out again.  When
I woke up next, I was in a small dark cell, lying on a small bed.  There
was a toilet and a sink on one wall and a blank vid screen on the other.
The third wall had some kind of locked door and the fourth wall had the
small bed attached.  I was lying on the bed feeling lonely when the
vid screen lit up and a woman's face appeared on the monitor.  It looked
just like my mother!  She stared at me, looking kind of sad, then the screen
went blank once again.  I didn't know what to think.

Boredom forced me to go back to sleep and I awoke an unknown amount of time
later with a tray of food by the bed and a small pitcher of water with a
small plastic cup next to it.  I drank the water thirstily and then ate
the food and sat down again and got bored really fast.  I closed my eyes
and tried to feel out any minds around me, but couldn't find any.  It was
harder to do than if I was right beside someone.  Staring into the person's
eyes helped a lot, it was like reading a book when I could look in their
eyes, but all alone, it was a lot harder.

*****

A tall black haired woman stood in the corner of a small room watching a
video monitor.  Her name was Zayla, and she had an agenda to keep.
On the screen was a small female child, alseep on a bed.  The woman watched
the sleeping girl as she thought of the many things the child could do for
her and the organization.

I was entrigued when Shawkin told me that one of his teams had captured
the girl, as capturing a telepath is no small accomplishment.  Of course
the girl was but a child, she would be easy to manipulate.  I had the girl
moved into the unused bedroom in my suite while she slept.  I had put a
small chemical in the water she drank which assured me that she would sleep
for a few more hours before waking up without a single memory in her
confused little head.  I had contemplated simply erasing her memories, but
that often did small amounts of bain damage, and I didn't want her harmed
in any way for the plans I had for her.

*****

I woke up and found myself in a big bedroom lying in a huge bed that seemed
to swallow me up.  I looked up and saw a dark haired woman looking at me
with concern on her face, sitting beside me on the bed, slowly stroking my
hair, making me feel nice.  Was this my mother?

"Momma?"  I asked tentatively.

"Yes dear, Mommy's here.  How are you feeling?  That was a nasty bung you
tok on your poor little head."  She gently rubbed a small bump on my head,
which hurt a little, but not much.  I slowly tried to sit up, but found
myself too weak.  I tried to remember what I had been doing before the
accident, but I couldn't remember much of anything!

"Momma I can't seem to remember anything.  What's wrong with me?" I asked,
scared now.

Momma just looked down at me and smiled.  "It's okay dear, the doctor said
you might have some memory loss, but don't you worry,"  she took me into
her arms as her eyes teared up.  "I won't let ever let anything happen to
my baby."  She gently weeped as she held me tight against her and I cried a
little in sympathy too.  I tri