                            Desperate Housewives part 3
                                           By Black Heart

        It was 8 pm when Sandi and Ryan pulled into the mall parking lot.  Since it was summer time there was still lots of daylight left and she had no trouble spotting Amanda' SUV.  She quickly pulled up behind it and saw her friend wave at her.
            Sandi turned towards her son and told him, "okay this is it, go jump into Amanda's car and go with her."
             Ryan immediately got out of the car and began walking towards Amanda's SUV.  Sandi watched as he passed Timmy who was making his way over to her car.  Although they had been best friends for  years, neither of them said a word to each other.  Instead they nodded silently as they met.  It seemed as if they could barely look at each other in the eye, let alone speak.
            As soon as Ryan was in her car Amanda pulled out of her parking spot and headed for her place.
Sandi felt the intense silence in her car as she too began to leave the parking lot with Timmy sitting in the passenger seat beside her.
            He looked kind of scared and guilty so she turned and gave him a reassuring smile.
            "Just relax this is going to be okay," she told him with a lot more confidence than she felt.
            "How could I have been so stupid as to get us into this mess," Sandi silently cursed  herself a couple of time during the ride to her place.
              During the short trip to her upscale condo she had glanced several times at Timmy but the boy had remained silent.  Once she reached her driveway she drove her car straight into the garage and closed the big overhead door quickly although there didn't seem to be any neighbours around.
           A few minutes later they were seated on a huge sofa in her expensively furnished living room.
           Sandi looked around the room.  Everything was very modern looking, all glass and chrome and she shuttered at the thought of losing it all.  She looked over towards a vase full of fresh flowers where earlier in the day she had placed a small but powerful miniature camera that could produce extremely high resolution pictures and movies.  It was connected directly to her computer where all images would go directly onto her internet site.  There was another camera hidden in the ceiling and it would capture the action from directly from above.
            "Now time to start something, one two three action," or whatever the big time movie directors yell at the beginning of their movie.
           Sandi looked over at Timmy and saw the silent boy still looked scared, almost petrified.  His eyes were downcast and seemed to be glued to the expensive rug that covered the floor.
           "We sure as hell better make a pile of money out of this, Sandi thought..
              "You okay Timmy," she asked her friends son.
               Sandi then got up and went over to the liquor cabinet where she pulled out a bottle.  She splashed some of the whisky into a glass and then topped it up with some pop..
               Timmy, who had only nodded dumbly at Sandi's question, had manged to take his eyes off the floor and was looking at Sandi.
              She thought she was dressed sexy enough for the evening with a pair of tight shorts that displayed her long, slender legs and tight ass quite nicely.  Her top was a simple t-shirt that fit a bit tighter across her breasts than  normal but she felt is showed off her smallish but still firms tits quite well.
              Sandi sat back down on the sofa and handed Timmy a drink.
              "You drink much of this stuff," she asked
              "A bit but not too much," Timmy replied.
               He took the offered glass of liquor and as he took a couple of sips of it, he felt its warmth move through his body.  It seemed to relax him and he loosened up a bit.
               "Now what," he asked Sandi.  His voice almost a croak.
        "We will just relax a bit more, finish our drinks and see what happens.  Come on over and sit beside me, I won't bite you know."
             Sandi smiled encouragingly at Timmy as she patted the seat right beside her so he took another sip from his glass and then obediently left his chair to sit beside her on the sofa.  Another look and encouraging smile from Sandi and he sidled up closer to her. They were almost touching now and he could smell  her perfume which seemed to be some kind of fruity, flowery scented stuff.  It was intoxicating and his mind and emotions were all aglow.  His heart was also beating like crazy as he starred at Sandi who still still smiling invitingly at him.
             Timmy, couldn't believe his good luck.  He was actually going to fuck Mrs. Cruthers.  During his visits over here he had seen her lounging around the swimming pool in a two-piece swim suit that seemed to leave very little to his imagination.  Quite often the sight of her had given him an embarrassing bulge in  his swimming trunks that been hard to conceal.
            Sandi looked at Timmy and watched  him take another drink from the glass.  She noted the liquor seemed to be doing its job as the boy looked much more relaxed now. She decided to take the next step.
         Taking another sip from her drink she studied his body.  He was short like his mother but he looked stocky and well muscled without much fat at all.  He was also blond like Amanda and he had warm looking brown eyes as well as a masculine looking chin.
              "Okay Timmy let's get the show on the road," she said as she sat her glass down on the coffee table and then took the boy's from him and placed it too on the table..
             Then without preamble Sandi turned towards Timmy and brought her mouth down on his.  Their first kiss was soft and hesitant but the others were longer and more passionate as they began making out  for he camera.
             Sandi continued to take the initiative by starting a long steamy necking session in front of the cameras.  Her hands began running across his manly chest first over his t-shirt and then underneath it.  She could feel him shutter in excitement and hear him groan softly as her hands expertly ran over his naked chest and stomach.
           "Go ahead, do the same to me.  Feel me up and grab by boobs," she invited him between the long fervent kisses and Timmy was quick to act on her cue.  
           Sandi felt his hands on her tits, first over her top and then they slipped underneath her t-shirt where they seized them again.  Because her top was soon bunched up around her neck, she stopped the boy for a moment so that she could pull it off and then get rid of her bra as well.
           Timmy olged her naked tits for a few seconds with wild, excited eyes.  He was actually doing it with her, Mrs Cruthers, the woman he used to dream about when he was whacking himself off at night.  Her breasts were nice, he thought, not overly big but so soft and firm with big pink, puffy nipples that began to harden as he toyed with them. Also, Timmy noticed they looked so white against the rest of her highly tanned body.
            This was actually feeling good to her, better than she imagined it would, Sandi thought as she felt the boy's eyes on her naked tits and then his hands that eagerly and clumsy attacked them. The way his hands tightly squeezed and held her titty flesh and the way his fingers eagerly pulled at her nipples started to get her very turned on.  It felt even better  when she felt his hot mouth and wet tongue eagerly sucking at each one in turn.  She moaned and held his face against her naked tits as the boy suckled on them like a new born baby.
            The action got even hotter when Sandi stopped the boy long enough to pull his t-shirt over his head and then she pulled his shorts down, leaving him with only briefs on from which his erect cock made a tent like structure. 
             Sandi glanced down at the bulge  then reached out and grabbed it softly through his underwear, making Timmy moan and gasp loudly as she rubbed her hand up and down its length.  Much bigger than I thought, she mused as she slowly teased Timmy's erection into even bigger proportions.
              While Sandi had been toying with his cock, Timmy mouth and hands had abandoned her naked tits and his hands were now working on her shorts.  He got the waist band opened and began to pull the garment down over her hips.  Sandi raised her ass of the sofa to help him and he finished the job by tugging  at the shorts and her white bikini panties until they were both  around her ankles.
            Sandi quickly kicked them off and then pulled down Timmy's underwear.  She watched  his cock sprang free of confinement in full erection now.  To Sandi's now lust filled eyes it didn't look at all like a little boy's penis. It waved proudly from his stomach like a fully grown adult cock.
           She got the boy even more turned on by taking his huge erection in hand and begin to expertly frig its uncircumcised  head for the camera.  She purposely moved her body out of the way so that the camera had shots of the boy bouncing his naked ass up and down on the sofa in rhythm to her expert manipulation.
          Not too much, I'd better be careful or he is going to come right now, Sandi warned herself and then changed her mind as she mulled the idea over in her mind, while watching the head of the boy's cock appear and disappear into her soft fist.
         Yeah, why not make him come right now with all his gooey white seamen exploding out of it right in front of the camera. That would be a real money shot, guaranteed to turn on the perverts who were sick enough to watch this kind of action.
            With this in mind, Sandi began to expertly stroke the boy's cock, driving him to even greater heights of excitement.  She could hear him gasp and moan loudly and with each stroke of her hands she could feel Timmy's cock throb and pulse.  The boy began to protest, and whisper hoarsely, it is too much stop, I am going to come but Sandi ignored his protestations and was soon rewarded.  She heard Timmy gasp  and felt him tense up seconds before the head of his cock exploded its white male sperm.  It erupted right up into the air as Sandi watched and kept on expertly masterbating him until Timmy gave one last final sigh of satisfaction and sank tiredly back on the sofa.
             She waited until Timmy roused himself, a shame-faced look on his face, before doing anything else.  While she patiently waited for  him to come around, Sandi found a tissue and wiped his sperm off her hands.
               "I'm sorry Mrs. Cruthers,' the boy stammered, completely embarrassed over his ejaculation in her hands.  "I didn't want to come that quick but you made me feel SOOO---GOOD."
                "That's okay" she assured  him.  "I just wanted to make you blow your load for the cameras.
It may make us a lot of money."
             "You did enjoy it though she questioned Timmy with a smirk of her face.  When he nodded yes, she said "that's good because now it is my turn."
            "What," the boy questioned her.
             "Get down here in front of my pussy and I will show you how to please me, okay."
              Timmy was quick to obey. He knelt naked between her wide-spread legs,  looking up uncertainly at Sandi and then back down at her pussy. 
              "Okay, Timmy you can play with my pussy but do it the way I tell you to."
              It was a nice feeling for Sandi as the boy slowly reached out and began caressing her hot, wet cunt.  At first he hesitantly ran his fingers through her brown thatched pubic hair which she had earlier carefully trimmed for this occasion. Then at her command, he pulled apart her outer lips and stuck first one finger into her gaping slit and  then another.  Slowly and carefully he began sawing them in and out making her pussy even wetter.
              "See that is called finger fucking," Sandi told the boy whose eyes were fastened on her gaping pussy.  Sandi moaned in excitement and told Timmy he was doing great.  "Now I want you to run your finger up  near the top of my pussy and feel around carefully until you feel my clit.  It is like a man's penis only a lot smaller but it is very sensitive and a woman just loves to have it played with, just like a man with his cock."
                Sandi moaned and gasped loudly in growing excitement as the boy's questing fingers found their target and began teasing it until it popped out of its hiding place.
               Timmy watched in utter fascination at what his fingering of the woman's cunt was doing to her.  He noticed her clit began to redden and grow a little bigger as he experimentally gently tugged and pulled at it.  Of course, he had heard of such things before as they were mentioned on the sex sites he and his friends frequented but never would he have ever dreamed of doing it with a woman, let alone Mrs. Cruthers who was his favourite woman to fantasize about.
             Her rising excitement made Timmy began to feel aroused  and he soon felt himself growing erect again.  Although Sandi wanted him to continue his delightful finger fucking of her pussy, she was even more eager to have his hard cock inside of her so when she noticed Timmy's cock was getting  hard again, she called a halt to the proceedings.
             She had Timmy stand naked in front of her so she could grasp his man-sized cock in her hands and frig it until it was rock hard and ready for her.
             "Okay Timmy, I want you stick your cock inside my pussy and start fucking me."
              Sandi followed up her words with action.  She laid back on the sofa, spread her legs wide and as Timmy fell on top of her, she grabbed his cock and guided it into the proper place.  He was soon fucking her wildly his naked ass bouncing up and down in a frantic rhythm.
            My God, I busted myself a cherry, a real honest to goodness cherry.  First one ever in my life,  Sandi giggled to herself then gave herself over to the sensations Timmy's cock was giving her.  His teasing of her clit had almost made her climax and his cock was finishing the job.  She felt an orgasm growing within like a huge tidal wave.  It was going to be the biggest one she had ever experienced, more like a tsunami.
               She rode it through by tightly wrapping her legs and arms around her young lover and matching his every thrust into her as her pussy muscles tightened up and grabbed his cock and held it in a velvet vice.  This immediately got the boy so excited he began to shoot his sperm deep inside of her 
wet cunt.  She held him tight and allowed her cunt to squeeze his cock milking every bit he had out of him.
              They then felt back on the sofa, both of them totally spent and drenched in sweat.
              "What did you think of your first fuck," Sandi asked the boy when they began to stir.
               "WOW, fantastic," Timmy gushed, "even better than I expected. I got so hard and it was so great to stick my cock in your pussy.
               "You did pretty good," Sandi praised the boy who was still lying back on the sofa exhausted.
              "However, I think that is it for evening.  The cameras should have recorded everything so we are finished."
                Sandi then grabbed her clothes and walked naked up the stairs to her bedroom.  When she entered it and turned around she saw that Timmy had followed her.  He stood naked with his clothes also bundled up in his arms.
                "Where do I sleep, what do we do now," he asked her?
                  Sandi's first reaction was to quickly shoo the naked boy out of her  bedroom.  Despite what they had just done, she suddenly felt shy and embarrassed about having him standing there naked and eyeing her nude body.  She was about to tell him to go sleep in Ryan's room but then changed her mind.
                  "You can sleep here with me but first I need a shower."
                  Sandi turned, dropped her clothes and prepared herself for the shower.  She was about to step into it when she saw that Timmy was still standing there naked looking at her.  She hesitated a moment then invited him to share the shower with her.
                   Timmy immediately followed her into the stall and they stood very close together so the water could  cascaded over both of  them.  So close in fact, that they touching each other.  Sandi was tempted to tell the boy to keep his hands off  her but instead she handed him a bar of soap.
                 "Here you might as well make yourself useful by washing my back."
                 His hands felt wonderful as Timmy lathered her back up and then began rubbing the soap in from the top of her shoulders, down her back and even onto her behind.  It seemed to Sandi that he took his time kneading and fondling her bare ass but she didn't complain.  When he was finished with her back she turned and told him to do her front.
               Sandi found herself growing excited again as his hands ran over her tits, tummy and down into her crotch.  It felt so good, she even spread  her legs to allow the eager boy better access to her pussy that was growing wetter by the moment.
                She allowed Timmy to wash her for a few minutes and then taking the soap away, began to do the same to him.  First his back and those nice, tight boyish buttocks then she turned him around and began lathering up his chest and  cock which was rapidly beginning to raise itself to a full erection.  She grabbed it and playfully tugged it back and forth a few times then they got out of the shower, dried each other off and crawled into the bed.
              " Let's do something about this," Sandi said as she reached over and seized Timmy's cock.  She pumped it a few times and decided he was more than ready.  She knew she was so  she laid on her back and spread her legs so that Timmy could get between them. The boy, thanks to the quick recuperation of youth, had good stamina and fucked her wildly again.  
                When Timmy came and rolled off her, they both fell asleep completely satiated and totally exhausted due to the night's activities.  So exhausted that Sandi hardly gave a moment's thought as to what was happening with her son Ryan and friend Amanda.