Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.
	
CHAPTER NINE

	Saturday night orgy time!

	The loving family assembled in the living room. The air was thickly charged with sexual electricity, desire, lust. Earlier, the living room had been prepared for this night's session. The furniture, the couches and comfortable armchairs, were pushed back against the walls, clearing a large space in the center of the floor. Cushions were raided from the furniture, and were heaped in profusion on the plush carpeted floor. Mattresses and pillows added to the total of cushions.

	The air was faintly sweet with the fragrance of incense, which Linda had burned in order to increase the romantic and sensual atmosphere. The family members themselves were freshly bathed and attractively dressed in clothes which were almost formal. All of them looked their best. Mom looked more like a movie star (a mature one) than a housewife and mother of three. She was sleek and stylish and voluptuous. Her hair was neatly restored. Her form was fitted into a clinging black velvet gown with a plunging neckline and bare shoulders. Her face was made up, brows darkened and arched, eye lashes thick and full, lips painted ripely red and glimmering with wetness.

	The gown clung to her lush curves. Her shoulders were bare and white and shining, and the fullness of her bosom jiggled in the breast cups which held it. Her nipples, flat but fat, jutted against the black velvet. The hem of the gown was loose and flowing, and swirled around her slender ankles. But the gown was also slit up the sides, to the middle of her thighs.

	Mom's legs were sheathed in sleek skin-tight seamless stockings, dark, which were held in place by the garter belt she wore. 	High heeled shoes accented the contour of her shapely legs, and made her rounded buttocks jut out even more prominently. Linda wore a tight red dress. Thin shoulder straps passed over her bare pink shoulders, while the front of the dress was stretched by her breasts.

	Linda wore stockings and red patent leather high heeled shoes. She felt ever so adult and wicked with the high heels and stockings. Jane wore a sweet white dress, very frilly and girlish. It was tight in the bodice, which cinched her little tummy in even more than normal. The skirt flared out from her hips, and swirled in folds of pleated fabric around her long thin legs. Her pert breasts were high and firm.

	Jane's hair was decorated with white ribbons, while Linda wore a red velvet choker collar around her pink throat. Daddy and Mark were handsomely dressed in jackets, dress shirts, ties, slacks and shoes, their faces scrubbed and their hair neatly combed. Sex was a feast for all the senses. Excitement was increased if the family didn't loll around all weekend in the nude.

	There was something additionally exciting about dressing up for a special occasion even if the family members had only dressed so that they would have the excitement of stripping off their clothes later. It was early in the evening. The family had dined on a light but delicious meal, which had been accompanied with welcome glasses of wine.

	The family members were pleasantly filled, but far from stuffed. No one ate too much, since they didn't want to slow themselves down for the action. Faces warm and flushed from the glow of good food and wine, eyes glittering, the family group gathered in the living room.

	They shared an after-dinner drink of delicious brandy poured into fragile glasses. The family stood in a circle, clinking glasses in a toast. The brandy was tasty and warming. Jane gulped hers quickly. The brandy was warm, a tongue of fire slipping down her throat. When the drink reached her tummy, it kindled a warm glow there. Jane shivered and hugged herself, pressing her arms against her breasts.

	Daddy put down his glass and reached for Mom. Jane, Linda, and Mark smiled among themselves as their parents locked in a hot embrace. Mark reached for the sister nearest to him, which was Linda. Linda smiled, her breasts pressing his chest as she leaned against him.

	She was almost taller than him. He kissed her on the open mouth, pushing his tongue inside Linda's mouth and rubbing hers. He placed his hand on the rounded curve of her ripe rump, feeling the buttocks jiggle through the fabric of her dress. Linda leaned into him, her hips pressing his groin, brushing fire into his cock. His penis quivered and jerked inside his shorts. As the kiss continued, his cock rose and thickened in the crotch of his trousers.

	Mark's delight was doubled when Jane patted his bottom. She kneaded the rounded buttocks with her soft hands, making Mark's cock quiver and jerk. Linda disengaged from Mark, and Jane took her place. Mark kissed her with equal fire. Jane giggled, teasing him about his aroused condition. His cock bulged in his trousers, rising up in a tent-like mound.

	Mark put his hand on Jane's bosom and squeezed her breasts through her white dress. The lacey front of her dress was decorated with various little ribbons and buttons and satin bows, which made her look demurely innocent. But Jane was anything but demure. As she kissed Linda on the mouth, her tongue fencing with her sister's, she groped Mark's cock through his pants.

	Daddy felt and fondled his wife. Her ripe lips were warm velvet, her mouth was all honey and spice, her tongue was rubbing against his own. He fondled her shoulders, sliding his hands down them, rubbing the swelling tops of her breasts, rippling them in the black velvet cups.

	Mom and Daddy broke off their kisses, and stood side by side, an arm circling each other's waist, their hips and thighs touching. They called their children to them, and Linda, Jane, and Mark joined them. Mom smiled with knowing lust when she saw the stiffness in Mark's pants. She teased him about it, making Mark blush and fidget.

	Mom wanted to see his stiff penis. She reached for his pants, opened his fly. Her hand slipped inside, squeezing his cock. She fumbled with his member, which was covered by the white cotton undershorts he wore. She couldn't pull his rod free from the pants.

	Chuckling, she suggested that the young man's sisters take off his clothes, and reveal his nakedness to all the rest of them. Jane and Linda pressed against Mark, rubbing their soft hips and softer behinds against his groin, further heating up his swollen cock. Linda worked on his upper body, while Jane attended to the lower half.

	Mom's heavy breasts threatened to spill from her breast cups as she leaned over and opened Daddy's fly and reached inside. Daddy wore a pair of loose-fitting boxer style shorts, unlike the tight white cotton jockey style underpants worn by his son.

	Mom reached into the flyhole of his shorts and fumbled his stiff cock out, pulling it out his open zipper so that it jutted from his pants. His penis was a rigid rod of erect flesh, the head splendidly swollen, the red shaft circled by fat blue veins which throbbed heavily.

	Mom gripped the cock, squeezing it, squeezing lustful moans from Daddy. Linda kissed her red-faced blushing brother as she unknotted his tie and took off his jacket and unbuttoned his shirt. Jane got on her knees. She wore white stockings and white shoes with pointed toes, high heels, and little straps which crossed the tops of her small exquisite feet.

	She knelt so that she faced her brother's bulging crotch. Mark squirmed happily from the fondling she gave his erection through his pants.  Jane unbuckled his belt and opened the top of his pants. His fly was already open, thanks to Mom. Jane pulled his pants down his legs.

	Mark's stiff penis thrust against the crotch of his white cotton shorts. The member stood straight and tall, pressed against his flesh, with the red tip of the cock jutting over the elastic waistband of the shorts.

	Linda took off his shirt, adding it to the neatly folded pile of his clothes which lay on a side table, while Jane pulled down his shorts. Mark's stiff cock popped free from his pants, bobbing and jerking. It was red and rigid, and hung over a pair of tightly swollen balls.

	Jane seized the bobbing cock and kissed the head of it. Linda patted and kneaded Mark's bare buttocks, feeling the smooth soft flesh. Mark's pants and shorts hobbled his ankles. Jill playfully caught hold of his hand and tugged him down to the floor.

	Mark fell awkwardly but painlessly, since the floor was heaped high with cushions and mattresses, leaving hardly a square inch of carpet uncovered. He fell on his back. Giggling, Jane and Linda took hold of his feet and lifted his legs off the floor, each girl holding one foot.

	They pulled off his shoes and socks then wrestled his pants and shorts down his legs, leaving Mark totally naked. While her son was stripped by her daughters, Mom had pulled and kneaded her mate's cock, which now burned red and hot in her hand.

	Daddy pulled down the black velvet cups which held Mom's breasts. Her massive bosom tumbled free, the flesh rippling, the nipples stiffening. Daddy opened the zipper at the back of his wife's dress. The smooth shining white flesh of her dimpled back was exposed as the dress was opened. He tugged the gown off her wide hips it rustled down her legs to the floor.

	She daintily stepped out of the black velvet gown, her breasts dangling heavily and lusciously as she bent down to pick up the gown. Her wide white hips were circled with a frilly black lace garter belt. The lace flounces of the belt fell like veils on her soft hips.

	Four fat frilly garters hung down, their glittering metal tabs pinned to the dark tops of her nylons. Mom took down her panties. Her bush was a dark furry triangle in the middle of her wide white hips, partially veiling her thick and fleshy pussy lips.

	Her sex looked twice as lewd, thanks to the frilly lingerie which framed it. Her plump buttocks jiggled as she moved, the rounded cheeks shining over the tops of the nylons sheathing her legs.

	Jane and Linda came over to undress their father, while Mom went to her son, who lay on his back on a pile of cushions, his cock jutting. Mom stood at his head, placing her high stiletto heels on either side of his face. Looking up, Mark saw her thick-lipped, heavily bushed pussy.

	Mom's hand drifted down between her thighs, rubbing her sex. Her thick legs bent at the knees, as she lowered herself to straddle her eager son's face. Her stockinged thighs bracketed his head. He felt her body heat shimmering through the stockings which sheathed her plump thighs. Her pussy was richly fragrant with the musky perfume of arousal. The rich aroma tantalized Mark, making his mouth water.

	Her pussy descended, hung teasingly over his puckered lips which ached to cover them with kisses, then dropped down on his mouth. Mom squatted on her boy's face. Mark attached his open mouth to her pussy. She was wet and dripping, her juices smearing on his face. Her bare breasts shook when she shivered with pleasure at the penetration of her pussy by his tongue.

	Mom rocked back and forth on his licking, lapping mouth. Her eyes were glazed and glowing with pleasure as she watched her husband and their daughters. Jane and Linda eagerly pressed against their father, rubbing their flesh against his, pressing their breasts, buttocks, bellies and thighs against him. Their soft hands caressed him all over as the stripped him of his garments, as they had done with their brother a short time ago.

	Presently Daddy stood stark naked on the living room floor, his thickly swollen cock beaded at the red tip fo the head with a drop of semen. He had Jane and Linda undress each other. Off came Jane's white dress. It took Linda a while to undo all the many buttons of the garment.

	Jane's pert breasts jiggled freely, the nipples stiffening under Linda's loving touch. Linda took off her sister's dress. Jane wore a frilly, lacey white garter belt to match her shoes and stockings. Daddy told Linda not to undress Jane any further. Jane wore no panties. Her bush was fluffy and her pussy lips were dusky and glowing.

	Jane took off Linda's red dress, which came off easily. Linda wore a red lace garter belt which was identical to Jane's, except for the difference in color. Mom had bought the garments for the girls, and she had had to do some searching to find them in the girl's sizes. When Linda's dress was removed, the entire family was stripped for action.

To Be Continued

