EYE WASH
By Mason Jar, Dec 2015

[MF, oral]

 - Chapter 2-

Diana tugged me downward, and I gracelessly rolled onto the bed. "Stay there, and don't move," she called out. Eyes still sore - though I couldn't see in the dim moonlight anyway - I resigned to rest on my back, spreadeagled on the bed. I let out a sigh of relief. The air conditioner's cool breath wafted across my face.

I heard her bare feet padding on the tiled floor, followed closely by the rush of water from the faucet. After the sound of the washcloth being wrung-out in the sink, her padding feet crossed the floor again, and then I felt the bouncing of the mattress as she alighted it.

The washcloth was laid once again across my eyes, infused with warm water. Diana gently pressed against my eye orbits, and our hands brushed together as I lightly adjusted it. "Thanks Diana," I said. "Ah, what a mess, yeah?"

"How did you do that?" she asked, and I felt her body lay down next to mine in the darkness.

"Never trust a detergent pod," I intoned. "Never gonna keep them in the house. They're dangerous."

"I've already kicked them out of the condo," she answered. "No more clean clothes for you, my friend."

"Eh, it's just one more night here," I replied. "So you're safe. Though I certainly wouldn't mind being down here at the shore for maybe a few more days."

"More pancakes for breakfast, I suppose," Diana posed.

"Nothing but," I confirmed. I paused for a moment. "Mmmm...breakfast."

"Don't forget, I need to you video record me jumping into the ocean one last time," she said, resting a hand on my shoulder.

"Of course, first thing tomorrow," I reassured her. "We're on it. I have some video recording of my own to do before we head out anyway." Diana was moving to Colorado in a couple weeks, and we were polishing off a few "bucket list" items for her before she 'pulled up stakes and headed west,' as I described it. "Glad you were able to make it out here, Diana."

It turned out that she was free this particular weekend, when I needed a ride back to Baltimore after I rode my bicycle out here to Ocean City. The trip here was exhausting, and when my original ride back - my now ex-girlfriend - fell through, Diana was the one person who was completely free to help me go back home, no questions asked.

"I'm glad I'm here too," she replied, her voice tender. "Who else but you could I depend on to eat a golf-ball of wasabi all at once?"

"Good point," I chuckled. "What was I thinking? But the rest of that sushi was damn good."

"Yep," she agreed.

I reached up to lift the washcloth from my eyes. "Cold already?" she asked.

"Eh, my eyes are feeling all right. I think a good night's rest will do them good. If I'm feeling bad in the morning, then we'll deal with it then. It's just soap anyway, right?" I lightly lifted the washcloth. "Can you put this on the night stand or something?"

The cloth was quickly taken, and then I heard a wet -plop- as it hit the tiled floor, somewhere over there. "Done," she answered.

"Cool," I replied. I lifted up slightly and then snaked my hands along the bed until I found the upper edge of the comforter. "Come on in," I said.

"Your clothes have soap all over them," she answered. "Take 'em off, buddy."

I almost protested, and stopped to think I would step out of the room to find some clean clothes. Then I remembered they were all supposed to be in the wash at the moment. However, I suddenly remembered that Diana was naked. Upon such a realization, taking off more of my clothes didn't seem like a bad idea at all.

Releasing the bed's comforter, I shucked my t-shirt and pants. I kept my boxer briefs on so it didn't seem like I was too eager. I slid my eyes open as much as I dared, and although I could tell my vision was markedly better, the darkness in the room revealed little of her nude body. I could tell that she was reclining on the bed, long hair swept back over her shoulders. The dim illumination of the moon barely highlighted the curves of her breasts, the sloping of her torso, a gentle leading curve that accentuated her straightened legs stretched out on the bed.

Diana gave out a kind of exasperated sigh as I retrieved the edge of the comforter and slid underneath. It was almost as if I could feel the warmth of her body pressing me as she followed suit. "Come here, big spoon," she said, grasping my wrist again. Wrapping one arm over her shoulders, she pressed her rump into my hips as we laid down. I snaked my other arm under the pillow to allow for more comfort and a full press of my chest against her back.

There we laid: she, relaxed into a natural curve, pressed against me as I curled around her, my body large enough to accommodate hers. My left arm was tucked beneath the pillow she and I both shared, the floral aroma of her shampoo encouraging me to take deeper breaths as I lounged. My right arm was draped over her torso, her right hand looped around my wrist to keep it in place.

"Thanks again, Diana," I said. "For everything. For today. It was super-fun. I really appreciate the ride home."

"Anytime, buddy," she answered, accentuating her words with a deliberate wiggle and press of her hips into my midsection.

Holy shit, she's gonna feel my hard on any minute, I thought to myself. Indeed, there was no escaping it. My closeness to her, the scent of her hair, the fact she was naked and I was nearly so, and we were in a bed together - neither one of us fatigued even after a full day of geocaching adventures, decadent meals, mildly flirtatious banter, and sight-seeing - my cock was rising to attention and pressing into her backside near instantly.

She knew it. Instead of remaining still, she began to lightly urge her ass up against me. Waves of warmth gently made their way up and down my penis, now noticeably projecting from beneath my boxers. "Comfy?" she asked innocently.

"Mmmost definitely," I answered with effort. I drew my right arm in closer to her, feeling and then lightly holding her left arm. Her right arm moved, and I felt her hair being brushed up and off the top edge of the pillow. I edged my head closer to hers. My nose lightly brushed against her ear, and I adjusted back a bit. Her right arm returned, snaked around mine.

"How long of a drive should it be back to your house tomorrow?" Her hips undulated obviously now, coaxing my erection between her legs, which I could have sworn were slightly spreading as she pressed against me. Feeling comfortable with her, I dipped my nose below her ear and then brushed my cheek against her neck.

"About three hours," I answered. My hips urged themselves forward, and I felt the flexing of her legs against my own. I slid one ankle between her calves and "adjusted" myself a few extra times.

She sighed in approval, and I brushed my lips against her neck in response. The pressing of her hips into mine was even more forceful now, lingering in just the right spot. My right hand eased across the bed, reaching down gently until I found her right thigh. My hand stroked along the smooth flesh of her thigh. I drew my fingers along its length, ceasing before I reached her buttock, and squeezing gently. With my hand stroking lightly along her leg and onto her gyrating hips, my lips found her neck, and I began lightly kissing her. She raised her chin and sighed, allowing me more access to her elegant neck and jawline.

Her hand grasped mine as I massaged her thigh, and drew it upwards along her torso. Instinctively I spread my fingers to wrap them around one of her breasts. I held and caressed it firmly with my hand, the erect nipple playing between my fingers as I massaged her velvety soft flesh. Her right foot had since wrapped around my right leg, and the warmth of her vagina was palpable against my throbbing cock.

I licked and sucked her neck as my hand played with her breasts. I felt her right leg lifting, then her tentative fingertips reaching past the junction between her legs to begin rubbing my hard cock. The touch was electrifying, and I breathed with satisfaction along her neck, adjusting slightly to suck on her earlobe.

My left hand wanted some action by now, and I was able to adjust it and lift Diana at the same time, leaning her back against my chest. Both of my hands found her breasts, and I massaged them earnestly, paying particular attention to her stiff nipples. Her hand artfully caressed my erection, simultaneously tugging at my boxers in vain. The pleasure she was granting me was incredibly gratifying, and although I didn't necessarily want to stop, I wanted to attempt offering her something more.

For a moment she released my cock, now straining in its boxers, to brush her long hair aside. The tightening of the flesh of her breasts made her nipple in my hand much more of a tempting target, and my fingertips lingered there for a moment longer. Her audible, breathy moan signaled her approval. She kept her arm raised, and I continued kissing her shoulder as I massaged her breasts. I rocked my hips back and forth, pressing my excited cock between her legs, against her furnace-hot pussy.

"You want to keep going, Diana?" I whispered.

"MMMMmmmm, yes..." she replied. Her hand moved down to glide along my hips and I felt two fingers dig under the waistband of my shorts. I took the hint and momentarily separated our bodies, only long enough to tuck my own fingers into my underwear and shrug them off in as swift a motion as possible. I guided her into a prone position so she laid on her back. Once completely naked, I pounced upon her again. Straddling her hips, my hands traced along her torso until they found her neck. I sunk my hands into her wild mane of hair, and we shared a long, slow kiss. Our breath rushed in our nostrils as our tongues played with one another. I sucked her bottom lip passionately, then we frenched once more. Her hands raked along my thighs, and then one of them latched onto my raging penis. A throaty moan escaped from me, only to be muffled by her own mouth while she covered my face with kisses. Her other hand gently swabbed against my scrotum, I gasped, and then sank my lips into her neck, tracing along her jawline and the sinews about her throat with rapturous licks and kisses.

Her hands took me to heaven with their gentle-but-eager massages, and after detangling themselves from her hair, my own hands traced down her neck to stroke her chest, shoulders, and luscious breasts. Diana's nipples seemed achingly taut, and bounced stiffly between my fingers. My head descended, trailing down her neck, a collarbone, and her chest until I found a nipple to suck quickly into my mouth. I cupped her breast with my hand as I sucked, my lips twisting about her aureola and tongue flicking lightly at the tip. My other hand danced along her neck and chest with long, langorous strokes, occasionally massaging her other breast and nipple. My torso was straining as best it could so I could suck her tits while she rubbed my cock and balls.

I eased my hips away, sliding down her torso and stretching my full length closer to the bed. Her hands reached up to cling to my torso, running along the lightly-toned muscles of my sides and chest. Her fingertips lingered at my nipples, which were also stiffened with excitement.

One of my hands supported her left breast as I suckled it, and the other slid its way down her torso, past her navel, seeking out the steaming hot treasure between her legs. My fingertips traced along her hips, then followed the slope to her awaiting pussy. She had spread her legs invitingly, and raised her hips to ready for my approach. I was the one who moaned first as my fingertips detected the dampness of her labia. She sucked in her breath and her lovely hands froze for a moment, digging her nails lightly into my chest. My middle finger slid easily along her pussy lips, which were absolutely drenched with her juices. I kissed and licked her belly while my fingers began slickly rubbing her labia forward and back, using just enough pressure to lightly spread them. Her inner labia were swollen and moist with desire. An open-mouthed moan escaped her lips as her hand rested on the back of my head.

All I wanted to do at that moment was eat her pussy for hours. "Diana, can I taste you, please?" I asked, my hot breath against the soft skin of her spread hips, centimeters from her light patch of pubic hair. To accentuate my request, I made one lightly-pressured lick on her stomach.

She pressed my head downward, directing it to between her legs with a satisfying "Mmmmmm...." I was all too happy to comply.

I continued to kiss and lick down her stomach until her pubes tickled my chin. I pattered small butterfly kisses across her mons, feeling the hairs and stubble of her bikini line on my lips. Her scent was intoxicating and inviting. Waves of heat poured from her waiting vagina as my mouth neared her entrance. I inhaled gently, allowing her fragrance to affect me with even more lust. I jutted out my tongue and traced my hands to either side of her waiting pussy to direct me inward.

The first taste and touch of my mouth on her vagina was equivalent to a thousand volts. My tongue sank between her outer lips, and the flavors were positively bursting forth, driving me wild. I traced my tongue upward until it met her clitoris, and then wrapped my lips around it for a moment to apply suction as I teased it with the tip of my tongue.

Her satisfied sigh was all I needed to know I could keep going. My hands rubbed along the insides of her thighs as my tongue and lips pleasured her pussy as much as I could. Her juices soon covered my face as I ran my mouth along her labia from top to bottom. My hands reached down to clasp her toned ass cheeks as I feverishly ate her delicious pussy, and her hips undulated in tiny circles. Feeling her glutes flex in my hands as I massaged her ass and sucked her labia was incredibly sexy. Catching my breath for only and instant, I reached my hands around her body to grasp her hips and pull her towards the edge of the bed. I lowered myself entirely off the edge, my knees resting again on the discarded towel, and my mouth once again found her saliva-slicked vagina. I began eating her out in earnest now, with a much better position. One of my hands snaked around her leg and hips to gently pull the skin taut, upward on her belly. The result was providing a more pronounced angle for her clitoris to be exposed. After lapping up her fluids and my saliva for another swallow, my lips encased her clit and I sucked with vigor. The tip of my tongue danced forward, back, left, and right to summon wave upon wave of pleasure to Diana's fantastic vagina.

With one hand pulling her belly skin taut and holding her steady, my other snaked around in front. After gently rubbing two fingers across her labia, I spread them into a "peace sign" and gently slid them forward and back on either side of her succulent vagina. Occasionally, I would rest a finger at the lowest part of her crease, pressing downward into the mattress, lightly stretching her labia and coating my finger with her lubricants before fingering her.

Her breath was ragged now, and her hands had found their way to either side of my head. Her fingers clasped lightly over my ears, but I could still hear her breaths as I sucked and licked her clit with abandon. I moaned, my breath escaping through my nostrils. Maddened with lust for the woman splayed before me, I was pouring everything I had into encouraging her to come on my face.

I felt Diana's fingers raking my scalp and her heels rubbing along my back. Her hips bucked and flexed, forcing me to do my best to hang on, sucking harder on her clit while rubbing her insides as steadily as possible. With a throaty gasp, Diana's gyrations suddenly froze, and I realized her climax must have been upon her. Refusing to disengage, I clamped over her pulsing clit and grazed it with my tongue. My middle finger held firm against her g-spot, rubbing only slightly against its ridges. "Ah, ah, ah, ah..."

I withdrew my finger pressed downward towards the mattress again, and my mouth and tongue returned to running along the entirety of her slit. Fluids were coursing into my thirsty mouth, a combination of her quim mixing with my saliva. The taste was divine, and it was absolute pleasure to have such juices covering my frenzied mouth. Overcome with stimulation, Diana firmly pressed my forehead with her dainty fingers. I withdrew slightly, placing one last kiss on her moist labia, then peppering the inside of a damp thigh with miniature kisses.

Sighing once again, Diana asked me, "Isaac, where did you learn all that?"

"I strive to be an excellent listener," I replied, raising to my full height, my hands resting on her knees. We shared a chuckle, both of us fatigued slightly from our exertions, but still eager for more.

 - TO BE CONTINUED -