
Martin McGrady Part Two
Copyright 2014 by d_copperfeel







When I reached the foot of the stairs in my basement I could see directly into the bedroom and I could see Melissa's hairless, pink pussy attempting to hide underneath the dark blue school uniform skirt that she had been wearing all this time since I abducted her from the street near her house.  I was pretty sure that her pussy was still stinging from the first rate fucking that I had given the little darling's virgin cunt a couple of hours ago. Her eyes were closed but I knew she was not sleeping. She may never be able to sleep again after such an horrendous life experience.  Her long blond hair was in disarray all around her beautiful face - at least, I thought, she was beautiful, though in truth she was probably just your average American girl, rather plain if you look at her long enough, just trying to maintain her new sense of community and achievement with her classmates, dreaming of high school and then college, and always with the perfect man to accompany her -- and her legs were held tightly at the ankles by some strong cloths that I had cut just for this occasion, the fruition of my fondest, yet most lethal, desire. Likewise her arms were stretched out by the bonds on her wrists tied to the bedpost of the full size brass-framed bed. Her white uniform blouse was still covering the last jewel of my conquest. As yet, though now well acquainted with her tight, luscious pussy canal, I had not seen her breasts.  I had saved that delightful occasion for now because this time I wouldn't rape her -though, she might disagree about the definition-- but, instead, make sweet love to her slender, squirming eleven year old body. 

I walked up to the left side of the bed, away from the wall, and gently pulled at one of the buttons on her blouse. Her eyes were instantly open with that same look of sheer, unadulterated  terror that had, seemingly become permanently cast in her facial muscles. She started to pull with all four limbs at once; if the bed hadn't been so sturdy she would have pulled the posts together. But she didn't scream. It was more of a whimper as she finally woke up enough to speak,"OH Please...please, sir..please,sir, let me go...Please don't hurt me...". I pulled up the desk chair from the computer table on that side of the room and watched her squirm and plead for a short time. I tried to look into her eyes but she was afraid to look at me, especially since I was still wearing the ski mask and all she could see were my green eyes and the tip of my nose. That mask wasn't the greatest idea for someone who was working up a sweat by grinding hard against a virgin cervix; during my earlier assault on her fortress I was forced to pull the mask up and off my face just to be able to keep breathing as I filled her elastic tight vagina full of my best and brightest sperm.

"Just calm down, Melissa. I am not going to hurt you, if you behave. But I will get my paddle again if you make me." I said with an even more confident air of authority.  She stopped pulling against the bonds and started to settle a little. "We just need to get to know one another better. I can do some really good things for you, dear."

I continued with my deft efforts at undoing her buttons, then pushed aside her open blouse, fully exposing her lacy white bra. I tugged at the tail of her shirt and pulled it free from the waistband of her skirt. I leaned over her lean muscular abdomen and began to kiss in random patterns across and then up and down her torso. My right hand had ventured under her skirt and began to gently rubbing her slit. As she lay on her back, her breasts amounted to two small conical mounds, rising about an inch and a half or so. I didn't waste time in unfastening the clasp, instead I just pushed both cups upward and off of two surprisingly large and mature nipples. The areola covered the upper third of the mounds, topped off with firm, erect nipples. I set immediately to work on those lovely nubs, sucking and biting, concentrating on one and then the other. Her nipples must have been her main erogenous zone because she gave up all resistance after I had sucked a short time.  My right hand on her pussy soon detected a growing amount of lubrication and my fingers started to dip into her freshly raped vagina.

Again her breathing had become more erratic and when I moved my lips to her neck she shivered and let out a long sigh. "Ohhhh," she cooed. She got back her senses and tried pulling against her bonds but she had no means of escape from this new found and puzzling pleasure. I tried to kiss her lips but she resisted mightily, holding her head hard to her left side in the pillow. I moved my greasy-fingered right hand to her left cheek and held her head firmly in place while I attempted to push my tongue past her clamped lips. Failing at that, I stuck my tongue in her ear and produced another shuddering wave of pleasure inside her that was accompanied by a tiny squeak of pleasure. I moved again against her lips and won this time; getting my tongue deep into her mouth and forcing her to accept it. I kept kissing her until she was breathless and complaining of dizziness.  By now my cock was already throbbing, ready for another workout inside her slick love canal - a canal that had never been stretched bigger than my own cock's girth -- and I was ready to accomodate my beloved tool's urgent need. Her legs were held just enough by the bonds that she could bend her knees not quite half way. I was able to pull her down underneath me so that she could raise her legs to a good fuckable angle. And she did so, really without a lot of prompting. She lifted her knees and spread her legs wide and I slid my pulsating manhood into her greasy and groping glory hole. I had become extremely excited, of course, and began immediately to assail her tunnel in a barbaric fashion. I tried to slow down and make the experience last a bit longer than the first time but it wasn't long before I could feel my balls getting tight and realized that the eruption was coming soon. I decided to try a different position so I stopped fucking her long enough to untie her hands. Then I leaped off of her and quickly untied her legs,then pulled her out of bed, and, pushing her face down on the mattress and I drove my burning cock into her juice soaked pussy. I pulled her tight onto my cock and began to rock and roll with her. She loved the rhythm and began to purr as well as protest the brutal treatment of her exposed love hole. Again, I regulated and varied my thrusts, bringing a different level of pleasure with each new motion, slow or fast; I was reaching a heat overload at the time too because, remember, I am still wearing the ski mask.  I knew I couldn't last much longer so I pulled out and rolled her over on her back, crossways across the bed, and shoved my dick deep on the first stroke and continued unhindered by this new attachment. The change of position again delayed my ejaculation so I was able to get some good penetration for several minutes. I looked down on her grimacing, tear-streaked face and felt true remorse for the savagery that had manifested itself upon here innocent body. For a moment, there seemed to be this aura surrounding her face giving her an angelic appearance. I pulled my cock from her pussy and pulled her up from the mattress, pulling her straight up and towards me, I sat down in my office chair and pulled her to her knees. I then forced her face to my crotch and slapped her lightly so that she opened her mouth and she instantly began to suck my cock like a woman of far more experience. I held back just as long as physically possibly and then, at last, the eruption of several healthy loads of sperm gave Melissa her first full taste of the slimy man juice.

When the last drop of sperm had oozed from my piss hole, she removed her lips and slumped onto the floor. My body was completely exhausted, especially from the heat of that damned ski mask.  I was barely holding on to my conciousness when I realized that Melissa had already started running for the door. I had to lunge across the room in time to tackle her as she was going out of the bedroom door. We wrestled on the floor for a few seconds and she began to scream like a wild animal so I jerked her up by the hair and threw her back across the foot of the bed and dove on top her.  She was fighting, but very feebly, so I was able to get her tied down but now I was the one who was really shaken. She still had a sliver of sperm and saliva running down her chin when I slapped the tape on her mouth.

I retreated back upstairs to relax and get some nourishment.  I turned on the TV and watched the news for a while. Still no clues in the disappearance of Melissa Harrison. My dick was very chafed from fucking her tight pussy, I could tell them that much about her circumstances.  After a few minutes, I dozed off and when I awoke it was already dark. The time was approaching when I could get rid of my hostage and make my escape.  I looked at the clock and found it was 7:45 so I had some time left to play with my new toy, if I chose, but at the moment I thought I would grab a quick shower and clean up a bit.  After my shower, I realized that I had not been a good host because my little guest in the basement had not had a bite to eat or drink all day, unless you count jism as a protein source, so I fixed a peanut butter sandwich and poured up a cola and delivered it my guest. Just like room service in a fine hotel, I thought to myself. "For the petite cunt d'jour," I snickered.

She was extremely happy to see food and drink and happily consumed it all without complaint. She cringed a little when I brushed back her hair away from her face. Her eyes were ringed bright red because of all her crying but her soft childish face was still breathtakingly beautiful, at least to my eyes. I tied her hands back to the bedpost and went back to the kitchen and put some dirty dishes into the washer.  I went to my bedroom and started looking for clothes to wear later on when I dropped off the girl. I was returning to the living room when I heard the lock on the kitchen door click. My heart stopped.

"Martin, what are doing out here?" asked Laura, my future wife and now a tremendous problem. 

"Laura, what in the world are doing here? What about Florida? I ..."I stammered, trying to distinguish between 15 differing emotions all in one second of time. "I thought you were in Florida."

"Haven't you seen the weather? It's pouring rain in Florida so we came back early. What are doing out here all alone? Why didn't you tell me you were taking the week off?"

"Oh,uh, well there were some things, uh,uh, things that needed to be done here. You know, like that bad hinge on the kitchen cabinet and, uh, and that leaky faucet in the bathroom." 

"What leaky faucet?" she asked as she moved toward the kitchen, flashing a lovely but questioning smile as she walked to the bad hinge on the cabinet. "And the hinge is still broken, Martin. So, what exactly have you accomplished?"

I decided to swing my story and claim to be just lazy so I admitted that I hadn't fixed anything all week and had just been idling the hours listening to the birds sing in the surrounding woods.

She chuckled and said,"That doesn't sound like the Martin that I know." Then, to my horror, she reached into the cabinet and got out a metal pan.

"Uh, uh, what are you doing, honey?" I asked, trying to hide the tremor in my voice and in my limbs.  How could this have happened? How do I get her out of here? 

"I am just going to boil up some tea. Would you like some?  I am surprised you don't have any made already," she replied and proceeded to fill the pan with water.  She found the tea bags and set the pan of water on the eye of the stove. "It was raining like crazy ever since Tuesday, so we just gave up and came home. We had some good seafood though. Always nice to see the ocean..."

That was when I heard it. And she heard it too. A short, loud screeching sound emanating from the basement.

"Did you hear that?" she asked.

"Uh, yea, I heard it. I think it is the water heater.  It's making weird sounds."

"Sounded like something scraping," she said. Before I could reply, the sound came again, more pronounced this time.

"What is that?  Sounds like something in the basement.  There it goes again." she said and started walking quickly towards the basement door.

"Uhh, uh no. You don't need to go down there, I will check it out afterwhile, after you are gone. I will fix whatever it is."

She stopped and looked at me with a very puzzled expression. The she said, "After I am gone? I wasn't planning on leaving tonight. Is there some reason you want me to go?"

"Umm, well no, dear...that's not what I meant at all. I just ..."

"Let's go down to the basement and see just what is making that sound." As she glared at me, now about three feet away from the entrance to the basement, a loud screech rang out through the closed wooden door. 

"What the hell is that, Martin?" she asked as she moved quickly for the door.  I had to jump in front of the door to keep her from snatching it open and discovering my most terrible secret.

"No, dear. You can't go down there. You need to leave so I can fix the problem.  Everything will be okay tomorrow."

"Okay tomorrow?  I can't believe this. Martin, do you have another woman here with you?" she asked as she reached for the door handle and started trying to push me aside.

"No, dear. No, it's nothing like that.  It's nothing.  I can fix it."

Laura had never been openly passionate and never showed any signs of jealousy before - I guess she thought that I would never dare cheat since she considered herself to be the perfect woman anyway and her lucky beau would never think of other women--but tonight she quickly flamed into a raging inferno.

"How dare you, Martin McGrady! How dare you bring another woman here" she exclaimed just before the first slap towards my face. I was able to parry the first strike but I was soon hit with a flurry of stinging physical retorts. I was able to grab her arms but then she kicked my left shin hard and I let go of her wrists. I reached toward my wounded shin and she reached over me, twisted the knob pulled the door back against my body. "Move, Martin. Get out of my way!"

"No!" I screamed as my right hand swung upwards and struck her right cheek, knocking her away from me and loose from the door. My next impulse has never been explained.  I don't know what I could have done differently but what I did would be the end of my life. I grabbed her from behind and threw my right forearm around her throat and squeezed.  I will always swear that I meant her no harm but the harm was done. I pulled a bit too much and I could barely hear the crunch of her larynx being crushed. After a very short struggle to breath, Laura left this life.  I still held her up with my arm around her throat until I saw the light trace of blood bubbling on her lower lip.  Then I noticed the fluid on the floor from her emptied bladder. My mind instantly became frozen in time.  I held her limp body against mine and felt my life fading away with hers. The horror that had taken place in a matter of a few minutes made me physically ill and I found myself wretching as I looked around for a place to lay Laura's dead body.  I half dragged her to the couch and lay her down, here sightless eyes still open and staring at the ceiling.

"Oh shit," were my first words and the only words that made any sense for the next hour.  I sat in my recliner and looked at Laura's remains lying on the sofa. I could tell that death was already starting it's hideous processes on her once magnificent, soft, warm body. Occasionally, I would still hear Melissa struggling against her ties in the basement. "What now? What the hell do I do now?" There was no way to hide what had been done. Laura's friend, Jenny, would probably be calling her before midnight for some girl chat.  She would think it odd if Laura didn't answer.  

I checked the clock and found that it was only 9:30 and I didn't want to drop off the girl until after midnight.  I went to the liquor cabinet and took out a liter bottle of bourbon and poured a very stiff drink mixed with cola. I drank it like a man dying of thirst and fixed two more in quick succession.  Nothing to do now but wait. And think about what the rest of my life would be like. Should I try to hide my involvement, which would take a very elaborate plan, or try to cop a plea; maybe get a few years in prison and be an old man when I am paroled. But with a murder charge, it could be a death penalty. My God, I can't go to prison!  It was supposed to be a clean getaway but God's rains had sent Laura back just in time to incriminate (and destroy) me. 

At one a.m. I went down my basement stairs to the improvised torture chamber that I had created.  Melissa Harrison was lying on the fullsize bed, her legs spreadeagled apart and her wrists tied securely to the headboard. The only apparel on her lean eleven year old body was her dark blue uniform skirt and her white socks.  Her wrists and ankles were looking very chafed from her struggles to break free.

"Wake up, Melissa. Get your clothes on and get ready to go," I commanded. At that moment I realized that I was not wearing my ski mask. Melissa had now had a good long look at her attacker but my spirit was so broken that I no longer cared if she could identify me. The only hope for me was to surrender to the law and try to use the system to my favor. I knew I couldn't survive in the general population of a state prison.  I was a coward and always had been. At that moment, I saw nothing but blackness ahead, all due to a notion that I should have never nurtured.  The deeds were done and could never be undone.

I untied Melissa and gave her back her bra and shirt.  I decided to keep the tie, though.  A souvenir that could and would be used as evidence of my guilt. I went to the workout room and found her panties, still a little damp from the hot cum that had dripped out onto them early in the day. Her shoes were on the desk across the room from the bed.  Soon she was ready to go.  I told her sit on the bed and wait while I went upstairs and got her a sandwich and cola. I went back downstairs and let her finish the sandwich before I told her we were leaving.  

"I am going to take you home now," I told her,"Are you going to behave or do I have to tape up your mouth again?"

"No, no, please.  I will be quiet. Please just take me home." I could tell that she was really checking out my face now that she could see me.  A face that is probably still emblazoned in her mind and will be forever.

"That's what I am going to do,"I said. I grabbed her right wrist and led her up the stairway.  At the top, I pulled her around to the left and started towards the kitchen door that lead into the garage. I took a quick glimpse to my right and saw my former love lying dead on the sofa, it appeared that some rigor mortis had already started. I heard Melissa gasp so I pulled her quickly to the door and out into the garage.  I opened the passenger door of the big Chevrolet and told her to get in.  I hurried to the other side, got in and cranked the engine. I used a remote control to open the garage door and slowly backed out into my parking area.  I used the remote again to close up the garage. I sat for a moment and looked at the house. It had been a dream of mind for most of my life. A log house was just the coolest way of living to me.  I loved the house and the 50 acre estate that would be completely paid for within another five years. But that would turn out to be the last time that I ever saw the place until I am eligible for parole 40 years from now. 

As I pulled the car onto the paved road in front of my property, Melissa sniffled a little bit and looked out the windows at the passing forest. Or was she looking at the reflection of her tear stained face in the glass and wondering what happened to the girl she used to know. "Why?"she asked me. "Why did you hurt me?"

"Just be quiet or I will have to tape up your mouth." It was about a half hour drive to the area where the girl lived.  I knew the area pretty well and thought of a spot that wasn't far from her home where I could drop her off and she could walk home from there. I didn't want to go too close to her home and it was risky to go anywhere in town that night due to the police activity. I was able to enter the subdivision from the west side where there were still no houses yet. I pulled up to a stop sign at the corner of Jackson Avenue, the same street that ran to the north side of her home street."Just turn that corner and walk straight ahead and you will come to your house. Now, get out! Go! Get out, now." 

She grabbed at the door handle and sprang from the car as the big door swung open; she started off at a brisk walk but then broke into a run. I quickly turned my car around and headed out the same way that I had come in. I started trying to go a little faster but without being noticed by anyone.  It was now past two a.m. and I had decided to go straight to my apartment which was in a gated condominium community about 3 miles away. The rest of the night was a long orgy of regret and self recrimination. What kind of fool throws away his life in order to fulfill some warped sexual fantasy? Unfortunately, it is the kind of fool that I am. 

At seven in the morning, I called my old friend and college buddy, Dave Weinstein, now a prominent attorney in the area, and told him I had serious business to talk to him about but I had to practically beg him to make time to talk to me. And, poor Dave, when he finally heard about my problem at about 2 pm, he was totally unprepared to hear that kind of news.  He quickly got on his phone to another attorney and arranged for him to take care of my surrender to the police. This new attorney, Mr. Fields, was a middle aged fellow with tufts of graying hair at his temples and very efficient in the practice of the law. He had a good reputation for acquittals in murder cases. I really didn't care who the lawyer was, I only cared about what the punishment would be. I knew what I wanted but I had given away my freedom in exchange for the rape of a virgin girl. And then killed my fiancee in the commission of the other crime. I signed a lot of checks and gave away ever dime I had in the bank plus all other property to Mr. Fields and his associates. Two months after Laura's funeral, I pleaded guilty to second degree murder, aggravated child molestation and kidnapping, among numerous other charges that were negotiated away. And now I sit here in my cell, in solitary confinement, life with parole after a minimum 40 years confinement. Solitary confinement was a condition of my plea, since I was so terrified of the brutes in the general lockup.  I feel safe here and I know no one except a few of the guards and they don't have any sympathy for me because they know what I've done. Should I pray to live out those forty years or for the Lord to forgive me and take me to his heavenly home.  


END OF MARTIN MCGRADY

  





