Spike offered him no chance to recover before he pulled him up and spun him around. Riley had a glimpse of features drawn tight with desire and need, and then he was sinking to the ground, folding to his knees beneath the pressure of Spike's hands. The vampire's jeans were already open, the pale column of his cock rising from black denim like a ray of light, and he reached for it with shaking hands. It was warmer than he'd expected, but still cooler than his own, sleek like he couldn't imagine anything human being, and he suddenly wanted more than anything to know what it tasted like.

"Lick it," Spike commanded softly. Riley's tongue darted out to obey before he actually thought about it, flicking lightly over the head, just the tip making contact with flesh, but it was enough for him to taste musk and salt. It wasn't nearly as bad as he might have thought - perhaps a bit stronger than he'd really expected, but not completely unpleasant. And the faint groan from above was enough to make him lick a little stronger, flattening his tongue like he was licking an ice cream.

Reaching up, he closed his hand around Spike's shaft, giving it an experimental squeeze that earned him another moan. It was a little strange, touching a dick that wasn't his, but as he continued to lick him and started slowly jacking the hard length, he decided that wasn't necessarily a bad thing. And when he decided to try licking his way up the whole thing, from base to tip, he actually got to see the droplets of precome form and spread out over Spike's dick in a breathtakingly erotic display. Riley decided it was probably a good thing he'd already come, because he doubted he would've lasted through this without needing to jerk off.

"Want you to suck me," Spike groaned. Riley took a shaky breath, then nodded, a bit surprised at how much he wanted that, too. A hand settled on the top of his head, fingers curving around his skull, exerting just enough pressure to push him forward past that final boundary. He dipped his head and opened his mouth, lips closing around the tip of Spike's cock as it slipped inside.

It seemed thicker in his mouth than it had been in his hand, and heavier, too. Even just the head was a velvet weight on his tongue, emphasizing that he had an actual dick in his mouth. There was no pretending now, no thinking of this as anything but what it was, Riley on his knees, sucking Spike's cock. He opened his mouth wider, feeling the stretch as he took another inch inside, amazed at how full his mouth felt, with just a little bit inside it. How did girls do it?

He decided not to even try to deepthroat, not unless Spike told him to. While he didn't have the most sensitive gag reflex in the whole world, he didn't want to test it and find out he was wrong, because that would mean stopping, and that would be very bad. Especially when he sucked hard on the tip and Spike moaned and threaded his fingers through his hair, tugging lightly.

Riley pulled back a little, then bobbed forward, setting up a rhythm that felt both awkward and right, all at once. He tried to use his tongue, the way girls had done to him before, but that meant pulling back too far, and he wanted more, not less. So he settled on pushing himself as far forward as he could comfortably go with each stroke down, and sucking hard before he pulled back. Each breath of air was scented with Spike - musky and heady, and every swallow was flavored with slick precome, slightly bitter and almost coppery, but not as off-putting as he might've expected.

"Gonna fuck your mouth now, pet. Hold still for me." Spike's hands settled on either side of his head, fingers sliding into his hair. Riley moaned and nodded, forcing his mouth open as wide as he could. He felt stretched, stuffed full in a whole new way as Spike slowly began to move, his dick sliding over Riley's tongue in a slow, slick push that left him in no doubt of exactly who was in charge.

There was nothing for him to do but take it, kneel on the floor with his mouth open while Spike held his head steady and rocked his hips forward. Riley didn't know what he would've expected, but he was pretty sure this slow, careful rhythm wasn't it. This was a whole new kind of control, one that managed to push all his buttons, and when Spike started petting him and moaning as he fucked his mouth, he could only moan around his dick and try to suck a little harder as he slid further back.

"Ohhh, Christ, that's it. Take it right down, gonna teach you to make it so good," Spike groaned, curving a hand around the base of his skull to hold him in place. He pulled back before air became too much of an issue, almost siding completely out. "Suck it, pet. Wanna feel those pretty lips wrapped around me, yeah?"

He obeyed without thinking, drawing hard on him, and Spike's hips jerked forward in response. "Fuck! God, yeah! Gonna come, pet. You want it, yeah? Wanna drink me right down, don'tcha?"

Just the thought of it should've been disgusting, but Riley found himself moaning and nodding, anxious to give Spike the same pleasure he'd gotten earlier. And if that meant letting him come in his mouth... well, he'd never had a problem when it was a girl, so guys couldn't be that much worse, could they?

A low, harsh grunt was the only warning he got before Spike shuddered and the dick in his mouth jerked and spewed out what seemed like a flood of sticky fluid. He heard a strangled cry above him as he did his best to swallow, but there was just so much of it that it leaked out, sliding down over his chin and back onto Spike's still twitching shaft. Riley suckled at the tip for another few seconds, then let it slide free, well aware of how sensitive it would be so soon after coming.

"Lick it," Spike rasped, and he bent to obey, starting down at the base and working his way up, lapping up the strands of come as quickly and cleanly as he could.

Finally, there was no more to get, and he was pushed gently away. His knees hurt from kneeling on the stone floor, his chin and cheeks were tacky with drying come, and his jaw ached, like he'd tried to unhinge it or something. There was nothing glamorous about it, none of the ecstatic joy that porn stars (and occasionally actual women, as well) had displayed. But he knew that if Spike asked - or ordered, as he was more likely to do, he'd drop back down and do it all over again.

Spike seemed to realize that he needed a few seconds to process what had just happened, because he tucked his dick back into his jeans and fastened them without saying anything. Eventually, however, two fingers slid beneath his chin and tilted his head back, so he was looking up into blue eyes that seemed oddly soft and gentle. "Well?"

Riley frowned, trying to figure out what it was Spike wanted, and then he remembered the vampire's promise about sucking his cock. With the taste of come still lingering on his tongue, his cheeks heated at the other part of it, but he couldn't deny he'd enjoyed it, so he whispered, "Thank you, Spike."

He expected the vampire to jump on the words, use them to mock him mercilessly and remind him of exactly how far he'd fallen in the space of an hour, but instead, he was rewarded with a gentle, languid hand carding lightly through his hair and a low voice that murmured, "You're welcome, pet."

The new nickname still seemed a little strange, but Riley was starting to see how it could be a good thing. Pets were cared for, cherished and valued, and as he looked up at Spike, he couldn't deny that he felt a little bit like that. He'd done something that made him feel good, and he wondered if this was why dogs fetched and did tricks, so they could see their masters smile.

Of course, dogs didn't have to get off their knees after sucking someone's cock and try to pretend it didn't happen, either. He started to stand, but Spike's hand on his shoulder pushed him back down. "Think you're forgettin' somethin', there." He looked up, clearly confused, and Spike smiled. "Promised you somethin' for your lack of patience, didn't I?"

Oh, God. He'd forgotten about that, about Spike's promise to give him twenty lashes with his belt, but now... Heat swept over him as he remembered, and he knew his cheeks were bright pink. "I - I -"

"But you only get it if you still want it. Not gonna have you cryin' rape, remember?" Spike's hands stroked over his belt, and Riley felt himself start to get hard again. "Gotta ask for it, pet."

He swallowed hard and licked his lips, trying to remember how to speak English. "Please... I want your belt..."

"Just so's we're on the same page... you take the belt, you're gonna end up gettin' fucked. You know that, right?" One hand slid down, pale skin against black denim, and Riley wondered how he could possibly be hard again. "Not gonna play games, here. You bend over for me an' you're mine. I'll give you the whippin' you want, but I'm gonna fuck you as well."

Lust shot through him in a dizzying rush. "Please," he gasped.

Spike nodded shortly. "Downstairs. Strip off everythin' but your pants an' kneel at the foot of the bed."