She wasn’t difficult to find once they knew what they were dealing with. Dean just strolled into North Kerr Sports Pub wearing a worn, cobalt t-shirt and sat down at the bar to wait. Curled his lips around the mouth of his beer bottle and nursed it like he was suckling on a nipple.

He brushed off three women (and damn, that last one, all curves and dark hair and sultry eyes, had hurt) before she pressed up along his back in a long, scorching line. Heat flooded Dean as a hand slid underneath his shirt and fingers splayed across his stomach. One of her nails scraped his skin and he made a choked noise as all the blood in his body immediately tried to rush down to his dick. She’d barely touched him and he was beyond hard: was desperate and hungry and wanting nothing more than to grab her and shove to the floor and fuck her right there. He gripped the edge of the bar to anchor himself and his breath shuddered out in a low exhale.

“Hey there, beautiful,” she purred, her lips just brushing against the shell of his ear. Violet mist fogged the world at the sound of that toffee-thick voice. Henricksen could have been tap dancing on the bar with fifteen of his handpicked agents and Dean wouldn’t have noticed.

He tilted his head to the side just enough for the edge of her face to slide into view. He noted one blue eye, and the curving line of one smooth cheek. Even taken in fragments, she was too beautiful to be real. Too perfect. He knew what she really looked like under there, of course: knew that her eyes were indigo and not blue, that her skin wasn’t this warm, bronzed color but a frigid sable. But those scrawny, elongated limbs were difficult to remember when her hands were on him. When her tongue was darting out to lick along his cheekbone and her fingers were curling against his stomach.

It was the venom, of course. 'Siren song', was what all of the hunters he knew called it. She didn’t need the skin on skin contact to infect him, but it helped. Oh God, did it ever help.

“Yeah,” Dean groaned in answer to a question she hadn’t needed to ask. He saw the edge of her mouth—soft, looked so soft, would be so warm and wet and tight in there—turn up in a sly smile.

“You got a place?” she asked, her words sinking in through his skin and into his blood.

Dean shuddered against her. “Fuck yeah.”

She moved her right hand out from underneath his shirt so that he could get up off of the stool, but her left was resting against the back of his neck, her thumbnail scraping over the base of his spine. The siren song was resonating inside of him now: was roaring through his veins like fire.

Dean couldn’t see much more than a few feet in front of himself as she steered him toward the door; everything else had disappeared in that heavy, violet fog. He would crash for sure if he tried to drive them anywhere like this, but he knew that she wouldn’t let that happen. She wanted her meal, after all, not a smear on the pavement.

Sure enough, that overwhelming need eased once Dean was behind the wheel, even though she was pressed up alongside of him, her mouth nipping at his throat like she was a goddamned vampire instead of a succubus. Her hands snaked underneath his shirt as he pulled out of the parking lot, roaming across his stomach and then up to his chest. Her nails flicked across his nipples, drawing low moans from his mouth. If she didn’t lay off soon then he really was going to drive them off the road.

Just a few more minutes, he thought sluggishly. Get back to the motel; get her—oh, God—inside. Sam was waiting there, ready to take the bitch out the instant they walked in the door.

“Turn here.”

That low, throaty command hummed through his skin, and Dean found himself turning the car onto the narrow dirt path. There was still enough of his mind left for him to break out in a cold sweat as he drove away from the main road. He was supposed to take her back to the motel, that was the damned thing’s M.O., that was the whole reason Sam had agreed to let Dean be bait in the first place, and Jesus was it dark in here. The path kept narrowing, and the drooping trees on either side were slinking closer, and it was just his luck that he was too tempting to wait for.

“Stop here and turn off the car, Dean.”

Fuck.

She knows your name, Winchester. That wasn’t in the game plan, was it? No, of course it wasn’t: none of this was even in the same zip code as the goddamn game plan. He needed to turn the car around Right Fucking Now and get her to the motel.

Except he wasn’t. Instead, he was slowing to a stop and putting the car in park and then turning the engine off.

Dean had time to blink once and then she was in his lap, grinding down against his erection and not even bothering to unzip his jeans. The last of his survival instinct went numb as she tugged his shirt off, those hands of hers everywhere on his skin. He’d been dosed by a succubus before, but not for this long. He hadn’t known it could be this intense: that he could want anything so much.

He was panting, his hands limp and nerveless on the seat beside him because he was too turned on to move. Was too fucked up to do anything other than twitch his hips against her and hope that she got it over with quickly. The succubus arched her back and brought her head down to clamp her mouth over one of his nipples. She bit down hard enough to draw blood and Dean hissed, his hands opening and closing fruitlessly against worn leather.

“Come for me,” she murmured. Her tongue lapped at his skin, drinking in his sweat and that faint trickle of blood and thirsty for more. Parched and starved for something else.

No, he thought, but the word fragmented into a thousand jagged pieces as she wormed a hand into his jeans. She’d barely gotten a grip on him before he was coming. He could hear choked, hurt noises filling the car as he tried to get enough motor control to thrust through her hand, and knew that they were probably coming from him. Didn’t care as the world filmed over in violet, that mist wrapping around him and carrying him away.

It took Dean a few minutes to reassemble his thoughts: to realize that he was sitting in the car with his head thrown back against the seat and his jeans open and the succubus curled up in his lap like a goddamned cat as she lazily stroked him back to hardness. Against all expectation or hope, he wasn’t dead.

The succubus’ hand clenched into a fist around his cock and Dean sucked in a sharp breath. She laughed, nuzzling at his throat. “I’m gonna take my time with you, Dean. Gonna spill you out over and over until it hurts and then … then we’re really gonna have some fun. You and me until the sun comes up.”

Anger flared in the pit of Dean’s stomach, clearing the mist enough for him to open his mouth and whisper, “Bitch.”

“Oh, honey. Sweet talk will get you nowhere.”

“How about a shotgun blast to the face?” Sam? Was that—Jesus, was that Sam?

Dean rolled his eyes to the side and saw his brother standing next to the car. Sam’s face was dark and furious, and he was aiming a shotgun at the succubus through the window. For once, Dean was really fucking thankful that his brother had ignored the plan they’d both agreed on. Sam must have stolen a car and followed Dean to the bar, watched him come out and then … Dean lost his train of thought as the succubus, grinning, tightened her grip and dragged another groan from him.

Sam’s eyes went almost black as he cocked the gun. “Off him. Now.”

“That won’t kill me,” she pointed out, and flicked her thumb, slippery with semen, over the head of Dean’s dick.

Dean bit down on his lip and concentrated on not coming. He didn’t think she’d take him if he did, but that suspicion made him even less anxious to grey out again. The bitch was planning something, and whatever it was, he needed to be alert for it.

Sam pulled the trigger and the window shattered, pouring glass shards into Dean’s lap like rain. He followed immediately with the second barrel and the succubus shrieked, hurt and angry: Sam must have loaded it with those blessed shells Bobby had given them. Whatever he’d used, it hurt the succubus enough that she let go of Dean. Sam immediately reached in through the shattered window and hauled him out.

Dean rolled out onto the ground, bleeding where the glass had cut him and weak as a newborn colt. The succubus hadn’t killed him with that first orgasm, but she’d sure as hell taken enough so that he couldn’t struggle and cause problems. That damned siren song was still rolling through him, too, making it difficult to think about anything other than his aching cock.

Sam looped one arm underneath Dean’s armpit and hauled him to his feet. “You okay?” he asked, keeping his eyes on the succubus writhing in the car.

“Fantastic,” Dean panted. “Now kill the bitch already.”

Sam obediently dropped the shotgun and pulled out a flask of holy water, still holding Dean against him with one arm. The succubus was beginning to get herself back under control, and when she looked up to find Sam thumbing the cap off the flask, her eyes widened.

“Wait!” she hissed. Sam ignored her and started in on the chant that would render her helpless, Latin smooth and easy on his tongue, and she shuddered in pain. “I can save him!” she yelled, hunching in on herself.

Sam faltered.

“Keep going,” Dean muttered, trying unsuccessfully to get his legs to support his weight.

“I can save your brother, Samuel Winchester,” the succubus repeated, sounding a little surer, and this time Sam stopped.

Dean’s heart pounded painfully in his chest. “What the hell are you doing? Finish it!”

But instead Sam said, “You can get him out of his deal? How?”

“Don’t be a fucking moron!”

“Shut up, Dean,” Sam said absently, and then, louder: “Talk fast.”

“A trade,” the succubus replied, and climbed out the broken window to lean against the side of the car. Bitch made the awkward motion look like exotic dancing. “I know his contractor. We’re old friends: kissing cousins, you might say.”

Dean thought of the demon’s tongue in his mouth—not once but twice, and how nasty was that?—and figured that the succubus was telling the truth about the crossroad bitch. Not that it mattered because she was gonna be toast in a minute. “Give me the flask,” he growled, reaching for it with one hand. If Sam wasn’t going to finish this, then Dean damn well was.

Sam didn’t even look at him: only shifted his grip and tilted Dean further to the side. Dean swore, but was too weak to do anything except eye the flask that was now tantalizingly out of reach. Which had probably been the bitch’s plan all along.

“And you’d do this in exchange for what?” Sam prodded.

The succubus’ gaze lowered to trace over Dean’s flushed face, his bare chest. “Nothing he wouldn’t already be doing.” Her lips twitched up into a voluptuous smile. “You’d enjoy it, Dean. Best sex of your life.”

“Fuck you,” he spat, and then Sam was changing his hold again, twisting his hand around to clamp it over Dean’s mouth. Dean tried to glare up at his brother and Sam still refused to look at him, the asshole.

“No more word games,” Sam said. “Tell me what you want now or this conversation is over.” He jiggled the flask of holy water meaningfully.

“No need to play rough.” The succubus ran her fingers along the Impala’s roof and Dean shivered at the phantom sensation of her touch along the underside of his dick. Goddamned siren song.

“I’ll arrange for your brother’s freedom, Sam, and in return all he needs to do is provide me with a little nourishment.”

Sam’s arm around Dean tightened almost painfully at that. “You can’t have him.”

The succubus laughed. “Oh, I didn’t mean it like that. He’s tasty, sure, but there’s only so much of him to go around, and I’m a difficult woman to satisfy.”

Dean could tell from the way that his brother was standing that Sam was still clueless, but he was getting the picture loud and clear, and hell no. No fucking way.

“What did you mean, then?” Sam asked.

Smiling at Dean, the succubus answered, “He feeds for me. Once a month, every month.” She licked her lips then, leaning back to wait.

And Sam wasn’t telling her to fuck off. Sam was actually considering this, and goddamn it, didn’t Dean have any say here?

“Dean won’t kill people to save himself,” Sam said, like it was some kind of failing, and Dean was totally going to kick his brother’s ass as soon as he could manage to stand on his own.

“He doesn’t have to. He only has to take as much as he wants. Of course, I’m going to need a life’s worth every month, so he’ll have to work overtime if he wants to be noble about this.”

Tell her to fuck off, Sam, Dean thought, but his brother just said, “Dean’s not … he’s not into guys.”

The succubus shrugged. “Men, women: they all taste the same in the dark, don’t they?”

And Sam was going to take that how he wanted, but Dean understood exactly what she meant. Bitch knew that he wasn’t all that particular when it came to sex, as long as the body was warm and willing and easy on the eyes. His spine tingled with a trapped feeling, like she’d been maneuvering for this ever since she laid eyes on him in the bar. She’d known his name, known about the deal. This whole thing was a goddamned setup.

You’re smarter than you look, sugar. Her words thrumming through his blood, making his pulse speed. Her smile was private and just for him. But really, I only just came up with this little idea when I found such a scrumptious treat in my pantry. The famous Dean Winchester, all needy and desperate with his time almost up.

Bitch, he thought. You fucking cunt, I’m gonna kill you.

Her smile widened a little. Save all that energy. I think you’re going to need it.

“That’s it?” Sam said suddenly. “You want him to have sex for you? With women? And he doesn’t have to kill anyone?”

Of course that wasn’t it, nothing was ever that simple, and how the hell could Sam be this stupid? But Dean already knew the answer to that. Sam was being deliberately stupid because he wanted to believe. Because he’d been hunting for a way to save Dean for the past eleven months and time was running out. The countdown was numbered in weeks now: in days. Sam was desperate enough to believe anything.

“I know, I know,” the succubus trilled. “It sounds too good to be true, doesn’t it? But I’m a sucker for a pretty face.”

Dean bit down on his brother’s palm and Sam jerked his hand away with a curse. “Screw you!” Dean spat while his brother shook his hand out. “I’m not doing shit for you, I’m not—” Sam’s hand clamped back over his mouth and this time, when Dean bit down, Sam only grimaced and let him.

“Do it,” Sam said, and Dean went as haywire as he could, struggling against his brother’s grasp, while the succubus’ laughter echoed in his head.

You’re mine now, she purred.

Like hell I am! I didn’t agree to anything; I didn’t—

Oh, but Sammy agreed. And really, that’s good enough for me. 

I won’t do it. I’ll be a fucking monk if I have to.

I don’t think so. Same bargain, Dean. You renege on the contract, try and keep me from what’s mine, and Sammy goes back to being a maggot-infested corpse. My word to you.

Dean fumed, unable to come up with an articulate response to that, and the succubus winked at him. The fire of arousal in his blood sharpened and he hunched against Sam’s arm, panting wetly against his brother’s hand. When the wave passed, his head felt clearer, but there was something … oh fuck, something hungry and dark and wrong inside of him. Goddamn it, he was gonna kill Sam.

“All done,” the succubus announced. “I’d ask you boys for a lift back to town, but under the circumstances I think I’ll walk.” And then she turned around and started away, rolling her hips as she went.

Sam held Dean until she was out of sight and then, finally, took his hand away from Dean’s mouth and half-carried him to the Impala. Dean could finally speak and couldn’t find anything to say. Sam had just sold him out, the selfish bastard. Sam had just … just whored him out to that succubus bitch, and … and …

“Sorry about the window,” Sam said as he lowered Dean into the passenger seat.

“The window?” Dean repeated incredulously. “You’re sorry about the fucking window?”

Sam ducked his head and had the decency to look guilty. But in the next instant his mouth had firmed and his eyes narrowed with determination. “Yeah, I’m sorry about the window.” And not about anything else, that was clear as daylight in the tone of Sam’s voice.

Dean gaped at his brother as Sam shut the door and went around to the driver’s side, sweeping shards of glass off the seat before settling in. He sat quietly while Sam drove, letting the anger build in his gut and gathering what strength he could. When they got back to the motel and Sam came around the side of the car, leaning down to pull Dean out, Dean hauled back and punched him.

Then he collapsed back against the seat, muttered, “You asshole,” and passed out.