! Everybody, This is Saket. I m now 21 years old and want to share my true incest with my grandma which took place when I was only 15 years old at my grandma's residence.
First I would like you to know how my grandma looks like. She is cute, fair and is quite younger as compared to my other friend's grandma's. But she is fatty, which help's her to look much sexier than other woman's of her age is.

She was 55 when grandma and I have sex together. As a matter of fact, I had always been a lover of older woman's, as I think that these older ladies are very much experienced than younger gals, and it's more a pleasure to have sex with them.

I was totally mad and was always in praise for older woman's to have sex with them. I really love beautiful older ladies with there large tit's hanging out of their blouses.

When I hit my puberty, I always fantasized about my grandma, to have sex with her, and I totally lost control over myself and finally decided to have sex with my grandma, by hook or crook.

My grandma doesn't leave with us; she leaves at her house with my grandfather. My grandfather is a businessman and for that he has to usually stay away from town for his earning.

So one day I decided to take control over myself and finally decided to have a night out with my grandma at her house, So I packed my stuff for two days and while leaving I told that I will be at my grandma's house for couple of days.

As soon as my mom heard these wordings she immediately kissed on my cheeks and greeted me saying that what a wonderful son I m. She told me that how much I care for my grandma and it's a good sign in me. She told me to take a good care of my grandma as my grandfather was out of station for his work.

I started to depart from my house thinking that what I have got in mind is not a good one, but I was totally lost in my sex world and took a bold decision that now is the time and I have to do it at any cost.

After an hour I reached at my grandma's house, I started to ring the doorbell and after seconds she opened the door and was stunned to see me.

There she was my fantasy old doll, she greeted me and kissed on my cheeks and told me that my mom had informed her that I would be staying with her for a couple of days.

She told me to comfort myself and in her room as she doesn't get enough time to arrange another room for me. While I was walking towards her room I looked backwards and saw her that she was much prettier and sexier than I last saw her month ago. She was wearing a saree with a pink blouse and her bras were clearly visible. Her tits were peaking out of her blouse as if they really need a massage and a sucking mouth. Her tits were looking gorgeous and her hands were so soft and milky, as they needed a hard cock to wrap around tightly.

My cock started to built up fast and was fully erected in my jeans, but I managed to get myself out from there as I looked that my grandma was noticing me for a while.

When I drew my self out from her room my grandma told me that we would have dinner early because outside temperature had drop below freezing point and it's been very cold inside also.

We had a good dinner as my grandma prepared a delicious chicken for me. Now she told me that's it's now time for bed and I would sleep with her because the blower was in her room and she couldn't get time to set a room for me. She told me to sleep with her tonight and the next day she will organize a room for me. My cock started to erupt as soon as I hear these wordings from her; I started to realize that tonight is my night, which I have been waiting for a long time. I immediately headed towards my grandma's room with her; there I saw I king-sized bed with a large pair of blanket. I turned on the blower immediately, as the room was quite cold as compared to other rooms.

As my grandma approached towards her bed she took of her saree and started to get her self in bed. I took a long breath as I saw one of the most beautiful pair of tits; she was looking gorgeous and was looking much younger and sexier than ever before.

As I headed my self in bed I switched the lights and lighted up a very dim light. My grandma kissed me a long goodnight kiss on my cheeks and turned her back towards me. After a couple of minutes my grandma was in a deep sleep and my cock was ticking hard, so I ease my self by taking my 9 inches of hard cock out of pajama's. My heart was pounding very fast as I started to lean towards my grandma's soft ass. But I lost the hope, as I was afraid if she would wake up and turned me out. So I decided not to touch her but started to jack myself.

After a couple of minutes I heard a sound of shivering, from my grandma, slowly and slowly shivering becomes fast and I immediately put my hands on her shoulders asking her what she was doing.

She with a very husky and shivered sound told me that she was felling very cold and was unable to tolerate the cold now. Slowly and slowly I turned herself towards me facing and looking right in her half slept eyes and told her not to worry, that I would make her feel alright.

Now her shivering started to speed up gradually and was totally out of control. I with a very bold voice told her that I would try to give you warmth with my body.

She was stunned to here and asked me what I mean by this?

I replied giving answer that having sex in cold will transfer a good amount of heat to you.

She, with a bitter noise told me, how dared you think like that?

I replied with afraid sound that I need you grandma and this is the time now, and as soon as speaks these words I immediately took her hands and placed it on my hard cock.

Oh shit! I yelled out, as it was so wonderful to have a touch of such a warm and soft hands on my cock.

But my grandma started to get away from my self speaking out that this is bad, we should not do this, as you are my son, but I doesn't give a second thought to it and started to kiss her on her lip's.

She started to push me apart but her efforts were all in vein. Slowly she started to enjoy my kiss and she started to slide her tongue inside my mouth. Simultaneously she started to play with my balls and rubbed my cock with her soft fingers.

As soon as I parted my lips apart from her she was moaning and told me that she is ready to have sex with me, if only I would not tell others about this.

I agreed to it and again kissed her while she played with my meat.

She than told me to open her blouse and suck her tit's.

I obeyed to her and started to open her blouse, as soon as I open her blouse, she held me with her hands through my face and inserted my face to her tit's which was peaking out to come from her bra's.

She told me, " OH MY POOR BABY! I NEED YOU, SUCK MY TIT'S, OH MY SON OPEN MY BRA'S " , and again I obeyed her, and opened her bra's. Now she was lying topples in front of me and with no second thought I buried my face in her creamy, warm and soft tits. I started to massage her tits and after a second I took a whole boob in my mouth and started to suck her hard.

She was moaning vigorously, while she played with my rock hard cock.

Than with her hands on my head she told me to suck hard like a young baby sucking her mom's breast.

I started to suck more harder and rougher, and she started to moaning fourthly and asked me to slow down but I continued with the same amount of roughness, she started to beg to let her tit's of from my mouth, but I continued to suck her hard and harder...

After a moment I took my mouth away from her sweet melons and ordered her to take her panties of.

But she refused to let this happen, but I with my pressure took of her panties and started to finger fuck her.

Her pussy was so soft and warm that I can't explain it to you. She begged me to slow down but I inserted my third finger in her opening, as her pussy opening was quite big and wider.

Than I told her to take my meat in her mouth, she heisted but slowly she took my cock in her mouth.

Damn! Good that was as soon as my cock came in Contac with her warm mouth with her tongue revolving around my cock.

She started to suck deep inside her throat vigorously with her hands backing up my fore skin and sucking with roughness. I begged her, and told her to " PLEASE GRANDMOM LET THIS SLOW DOWN " but she has no effect and I was helpless, but at the same time it was feeling very good.

I immediately pulled my cock from her mouth, as I was cumming.

Than I told her that I am going to insert my cock in her pussy, she told me " WE CAN'T DO THIS I HAVE GOT PAIN INSIDE MY PUSSY, LET IT BE OFF " but I with no humble I started to insert my rock hard penis in her pink soft creamy pussy. At first attempt I failed to inset it properly as I was inserting it with no pressure at all.

My grandma smiled and told me to push it very slowly, I again tried but I was unable to insert it.

She begged me not to insert with pressure, but this time I pulled my foreskin of rock hard 9 inch's cock and with a great force and pressure I pushed my cock in her pussy, I moaned in pleasure and my grandma cried with a large amount of voice and begged me to took my cock of. But I was travelling in heaven at that time and slowly started to pump her faster. She was crying in pleasure and I pushed my cock in and out hard, while I sucked my mom's huge tits.

She crossed her legs around my waist and told me to fuck her hard.

" S HE WAS CRYING IN PLEASURE AND SAYING OH BABY FUCK ME HARD, YEAH OH OH OH OH OH AH AH AH AH AEE AEE AEE AEE, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BABY, LET YOUR COCK BE OUT OF MY PUSSY "

I started to cry and shouted that I m cumming, and she begged not to spurt my cum in her, as she would be pregnant, but I lost control and cumm in side my grandma hot wet pussy.

At last we both cried out in pleasure as I shoot a thick load in my grandma pussy. We both laid in that position for more than hour with my cock still leaning in her pussy.

After an hour or so my cock again started to erect and I asked her if I can do anal fucking with her. She with a slight hesitation agreed to it and I order her to sit in such a way that I can fuck her in doggie style. So she started to kneel down on to the bed and with the same time I grabbed her swollen tits with my Pam and slowly enter my rock hard cock in her wet ass opening. Again we both cried in pleasure and I started to fuck her vigorously, again she begged me, to slow down but I spurted my cum in side her belly with a great pressure.

Now we both laid together and while I was about to sleep, my grandma kissed me on my lips saying that this was the best fuck she had since now.

She told me that she enjoyed my cock inside her and I can always have her whenever I need her. But she asked me to promise her that I would not tell anybody about this.

So we started to have sex two to three time a week and thereafter it's been more than four years and we still are the best of the sex partners.