The Housekeeper
by *Lady Lucia*

CHAPTER TEN

Jess

I gasped in both pain and horror as my hair was abused in such a way.

Hannah wasn’t just pulling on my hair; she was dragging me by it. Before I could get my feet under me from the harsh, upwards yank, the tipsy blonde was storming forward without relenting in the slightest in terms of her grip. My scalp was on fire as my locks were used in such a way, and I scrambled to do anything that would lighten things up there. Hannah forced me to the base of the stairs, giving a sharp twist to my hair before starting to slap at my bare boobs.

Out of reflex, I tried to squirm away and cover up, but the tipsy blonde wasn’t having it. “HEY. You said you would behave! Hold still, right the fuck now. That’s an order.”

Belatedly recalling all the things I had agreed to recently, albeit under duress, I had to go against every instinct my body was telling me in order to keep my hands down as she continued her assault.

After another few hard slaps to both sides, Hannah pinched down on one of my nipples and twisted it to what felt more than 180 degrees. “Apologize for your boobs!” she hissed in my ear, “Or I swear to God, I’ll rip your nipple off.”

I was already terrified of the girl, especially when it was pretty clear the drinks she had consumed had put her in a state that was nothing at all like the cold and collected way she had presented herself as earlier even before her friends had arrived. Or maybe this fury was always there, and it was only just now boiling over. And for what?? Again, it’s not like I chose my body! If I did, I would have given myself some more height and an actual ass to pair with my larger breasts. It made no sense for Hannah to be this mad about my figure, but she was also a drunk teenager. “I’m sorry!!” I rushed the words out, trying to contort myself in the desperate effort to alleviate some of the awful sensations on my chest. “I’m sorry for my boobs!”

Not letting up quite yet, Hannah twisted a little bit harder and dug in her nails, “You will do everything I say, and you will not hesitate or complain. At ALL, Jessie.”

“I will, I will!” I hurriedly exclaimed, “Anything! Please, Hannah.”

At that, she let go, but not without delivering one last SLAP to the same breast she had been pinching. “Run upstairs. Sit on the sofa and spread your legs. Smile for the camera when I walk in.”

I didn’t need to be told twice. It was honestly less about her directive about how I needed to be immediately obedient, and more about how I was jumping at the chance she was giving me to get away from her. Very much running like she suggested, I yelped in surprise as she slapped my ass when I turned around, I didn’t let it slow me down. Hurrying up the stairs and bursting through the door at the top, I only paused after turning the corner to process the rest of her words. My legs . . . and a camera?

But Hannah could be following me up any second. If she caught me standing around instead of being obedient, I could only imagine what she might do. Clearly she had set that up so her friends wouldn’t see her being so aggressive, but she had also proven there was plenty she had in her arsenal to use against me when they were there as well.

Against my better judgment, like so many other things I had gone along with since I was always stuck choosing between the lesser of two evils, I returned to the now empty living room and gingerly sat myself down. Even though I was the only one there, I still somewhat cringed as I lifted my legs and splayed them for the crowd of zero. Hannah would no doubt be up shortly, and I was beyond tempted to slam them shut before she arrived to protect my modesty. This was more than I had been showing off downstairs, and I had been directly told that there would be a camera involved.

Sure enough, Hannah appeared around the corner not much later. Unlike my quick, worried pace, she was clearly content to take her time. Sauntering in with more of the smug expression from earlier in the day, rather than the harsh ‘I’m going to destroy you’ demeanor she had been displaying downstairs, she wasted no time in holding up her phone and training the camera on me. “Smile, virgin,” she bluntly said.

Considering the low key torture my most private areas had gone through, combined with my full nudity and current slutty exposure, it was a pretty tall order. Still, I had to obey. For all I knew, she had already taken a picture in case I ended up chickening out. Forcing a meek smile onto my face, I looked at the lens and clung to the hope that somehow doing exactly what Hannah said would eventually lead to me getting my things back. That’s all I really needed; phone, wallet, keys. Then I would peel out of her property and never look back. I would just have to pray that I could manage the damage control all on my own, considering her parents were still out of the country. Credit card company, and potentially pictures online. It wasn’t fun to think about, but staying would probably land me in deeper trouble than I was already in.

Moving on, she stepped a few feet closer and instructed, “Now say, ‘I’m a lesbian slut.’”

Nervously swallowing and keeping the faintest trace of a smile on my face in case that was something she still wanted, I echoed, “I’m a lesbian slut.”

Staying quiet for a few seconds, no doubt so the clip of the phrase would work before she insisted on the next one, Hannah said, “My name is Jessica, and I’m a pathetic little virgin.”

Once again, I said it word for word, blushing a bit at the fact that I was using my full first name. God, my reputation would be obliterated if anyone on campus saw this. Or family, or . . . Wait, she had my phone password!!

Before I could mentally project much further in terms of the daunting possibilities that were now racing through my mind, Hannah was taking things further. “Almost done, Jessie. Just one last thing. Touch yourself down there, grab a boob, tilt your head back, and start moaning.”

The reluctance on my face must have been easily apparent.

“Do as I say!” she snapped, “You’re my obedient fucking maid. Or would you rather be punished again?”

That got me moving. Keeping my legs as wide as they would go without the assistance of my hands, I touched myself both above and below where I had been told to. Absolutely mortified, yet pushing through nonetheless, I tilted my head back and closed my eyes. She hadn’t demanded the last bit, but it would have been a little weird to keep them open. That, and it helped in terms of shutting the world out to some degree. Hannah hadn’t told me to actually get off, and I’m not sure I would have even been able to on command. I had only done that in the solitude of my bedroom, which meant I was suddenly in the first situation ever where I would need to fake it. For a video, of all things, rather than to boost the confidence of a future partner. Despite Hannah’s games, I was very much a straight girl, and had been told that guys weren’t always the most successful when it came to that kind of satisfaction.

I wasn’t the most vocal girl in terms of pleasure, especially since I had mostly touched myself in my dorm room and in my bedroom at home when I was on break from university. Both of those places required biting my lip and keeping things as breathy as possible, but now I found myself at the total opposite extreme in terms of making noises. How was I supposed to ‘perform’ for the camera when I barely knew what I sounded like?

Since I couldn’t hesitate or complain without risking Hannah’s wrath, however, I went right for it. Moving my lower fingers just enough to try to spark some of those memories and lean into them just enough to satisfy Hannah’s desire to humiliate me, I parted my lips and let out a quiet moan. Guessing that it wouldn’t be enough, I forced a shaky inhale before using the exhale to fake a louder feminine sound that sounded way more slutty than I intended due to the breathy quality of it.

Hannah’s voice sounded in the darkness a couple seconds later.

“More, Jessie.”

Trying not to cringe at what I was doing, I started moaning out in a more pornographic way. I didn’t even watch stuff like that, but I also wasn’t naive; plenty of people talked about the cliché over the top sounds that were often found in those videos, and I was experiencing firsthand how it wasn’t natural in the slightest compared to how I would actually react to any kind of touch.

After a couple of exaggerated moans, complete with rubbing and squeezing myself mostly so my hands weren’t just awkwardly frozen on my body, I was told to stop and open my eyes. Back to her outwardly cold and indifferent self, Hannah didn’t even comment on anything I had just done by her command. Instead, she simply said, “Kitchen. Now.” Then she swiveled on her heel and led the way out of the room.

Quickly getting to my feet, still nervous about what she might do if I failed to obey in a timely manner, I barely had any time to think about what I had just done. At least everything else had been contained to the cruel blonde’s house, mostly, but this latest act would singularly be enough to completely ruin me. While she hadn’t actually threatened anything, the existence of the video was enough for me to sweat at the potential implications and mortifying possibilities.

Now that I had just been holding myself in those areas, I was keenly aware of the fact that I was truly naked. Shivering a little bit as I rushed to catch up to Hannah, I wrapped one arm over my chest along the way, and used my other hand to cup my crotch. Despite everything, I still felt the need to maintain a bit of modesty. I hated being naked around other people; locker rooms were bad enough, and this was not at all a normal situation to be completely undressed.

Glaring at me as I stepped through the threshold into the kitchen, Hannah snapped, “What the fuck are you doing, Jessica? Arms down.”

I dropped my arms. “Sorry,” I mumbled. As the apology escaped my lips, it dawned on me just how far I had fallen. I was supposed to be babysitting this girl, under the guise of being around to also take care of the house. In less than half a day, I had somehow allowed myself to be fully stripped and was now bending to her will in more ways than an actual maid would. True obedience, down to continuous nudity brought on by her demands, and there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.

Once I had complied, she gestured to two large bottles of water that were waiting for me on the counter. “You need to stay hydrated, virgin,” she said, “Drink.”

Stepping forward right away and picking one of them up, I saw that each bottle was a full liter. A single one would normally be what I would drink over the course of maybe an hour, unless I was particularly thirsty, and she was pressing me to consume double that amount.

Under normal circumstances, I would have said something. That I had plenty of water already throughout my drive today, or how I was pretty sure she was doing this in response to the fact that I had somehow wet myself in front of all of her friends thanks to how I had waited and waited and waited to use the bathroom only to find myself delayed by all of their invasive questions and denied the privilege until I couldn’t hold it any more. Did she want that to happen again? Or was this just yet another way to make me uncomfortable, as well as a test to see if I would choose to jump when she said jump vs. opening the door for more punishments? Still very much scared of the latter, particularly now that I was averse to my hair or my body being yanked around in ways that I never wanted to go through again, I didn’t waste any time. Undoing the cap, I pressed the bottle to my lips and started drinking.

Mere seconds after my first swallow, Hannah yelled at me anyway. “Why are you taking so long? Hurry the fuck up, Jessie! I want to get back to my friends. Do you really think I want to hang out with some naked virgin with stupid big boobs?”

Blushing deeply at the crass comments about me, I did the best as I could to suck the water down. This was the third time I had been compelled to chug something since Hannah twisted the ‘housekeeper’ thing to work completely in her own favor, and this instance wasn’t any better than the others. First it was bubbly alcohol that was difficult to down quickly, paired with the knowledge that I really shouldn’t have been drinking something like that on the job. The second time was far less water than I was currently faced with, but it had also added pressure to what was already a borderline emergency. Now, I was buck naked and feeling more self conscious than ever, all while trying to reach a pace that was completely unattainable as Hannah kept pushing for me to do better.

Panting out an exhale as I finished the last few drops, I barely had time to recover from how bloated and breathless I was feeling from the non-stop drinking. Hannah shoved the second large bottle into my hands. Towering over me in just her bikini and short shorts, she sternly demanded for me to stop wasting time.

Earlier, I had felt a little weird about wearing a bikini at her place, especially once I heard that she had guests coming over. Now, I would have given anything to be wearing skimpy swimwear or lingerie if it meant I could have something to cover with. Bracing myself with a shaky breath, I repeated the process of bringing the second bottle to my lips, knowing full well that the coming round would go more slowly. I was already feeling a little bloated, and a liter was a lot for me. Two back-to-back felt impossible, but I was in no place to protest.

Little by little, I chipped away at the task, going as quickly as I could without stopping for a break. Hannah berated me and insulted me pretty much the whole time, which did succeed in getting me to try my very hardest to avoid her judgment and potentially worse. After what felt like forever, the last of the water was in my cheeks, although I took an extra few seconds to get from the chipmunk-like moment to actually swallowing the last of the water.

Not praising me or looking particularly impressed like most girls would after a successful dare, not that that’s what this was, Hannah flicked both the bottles off the counter. “Get back to work, Jessie. This kitchen needs to fucking sparkle.” She pulled open a couple drawers and lower doors. “Oh, wash these, too. All the pots and pans look a little dusty, and these utensils probably need a good scrub.”

My heart dropped at what she was suggesting. If I hadn’t felt so vulnerable, and so full from my latest ordeal, I might have been more stunned at the audacity. Everything Hannah was telling me to wash was already clean. They were put away properly, and I had to guess whoever the wealthy family had last hired to cook and tidy was good at their job. This was just work designed to make my night more miserable, and the blonde teenager knew it. Her little smirk made that crystal clear.

Hannah walked right up to me and slapped one of my boobs. “Behave, virgin. Leave the sliding door cracked, too. This is the same job as before; you’re my maid and you’re our little drink bitch for the night. When we call for you, you will drop everything. Say it.”

“I’ll drop everything . . . ” I mumbled, averting my gaze for half a second before looking back up at her in case a lack of eye contact was bad.

“Good girl,” she said, “As long as we have snacks and fresh drinks at all times, we’ll be happy. You do want us to be happy, right?”

Still very much blushing, and partially in denial that all of this was really happening to me, I nodded, “Yes, Hannah.” Just like I had been taught earlier. It was so demeaning, but I knew it was the best way forward.

“Of course that’s what you want,” Hannah rolled her eyes, “You’re a horny little lesbian virgin; you probably have a crush on all of us. Especially me. Do you have a lesbian crush on me, Jessica?”

Such a trap. I instantly regretted showing off my retention skills, as now it felt like I only had one response to choose from. Anything else, and I might piss her off. Not a great idea when she was so inebriated and entirely unpredictable.

So, I quietly murmured, “Yes, Hannah.”



