Nrlynkdbabe's Naked Mall Adventure
by NrlynkdbabeÂ©


Let me start by telling a little bit about myself for any new readers. My name 
is Nikki also known as Nrlynkdbabe. I am a 31-year-old Jersey girl who stands 
5'6" with shoulder length brown hair and brown eyes. My measurements are 
34c-23-35 and about 120 lbs. I had my first nude in public experience (I call 
them adventures) about five years ago. I love to be naked but prefer that 
everyone else is clothed. Nude beaches, naturist resorts and such do not 
exhilarate me, although I enjoy the chance to be naked. I love the stories I 
read on the various websites and sometimes use ideas from stories I read for my 
adventures, usually adding my own twist to it. I have gone out wearing 
sweatpants that were quite loose and sitting low on my hips with nothing under 
them, which was obvious when they slid down. I have gone out in a towel and 
driven through a fast food drive thru naked. 

I sometimes forget that some stories I read are about females in Europe where 
nudity is pretty well accepted and that some stories are fantasies and not 
actual experiences. This and my growing boldness can get a girl in trouble, 
which you will see in this adventure. The last is that many adventures ago I 
enlisted my friend Ed to help keep me safe but to also help me push the 
boundaries, both of which he does quite well. He has devised ways to get me 
naked and has at times set up situations without my knowledge where I end up 
naked and scared, though he always knew I was in no danger. One thing to 
remember about Ed is he has a devious mind but always watches out for me. The 
security of having Ed near when on an adventure played a big part of my 
increasing bravado. I also brought my friend Jenna into my adventures and she 
sometimes gets naked with me but also assists Ed on some of my adventures. 

As some of you may have read in earlier adventures, Jenna and I spent some time 
in a less popular small mall off the main highways. We were not only enjoying a 
bit of flashing in and around the mall but I was laying out a plan for a new 
adventure. I had read a story about a female and a nude in public experience in 
a mall that went beyond leaving the dressing room door open or a little flash 
here and there. In retrospect I have to believe that the part of the story I 
recreated was either fantasy or took place in Europe. I had pretty much planned 
everything out before I mentioned it to Jenna or Ed. I decided it was time to 
share my plan with Ed and Jenna, as I would need both of them for this 
adventure. I called them the next day and invited them over the next evening for 
some drinks and to hear what I wanted to do for my next adventure. They both 
accepted and were as anxious to hear what I had in mind as I was to what they 
thought of my plan. 

I was excited as I prepared for Jenna and Ed to arrive. I hadn't had a big 
adventure in awhile and was looking forward to this one. I made a pitcher of 
Margaritas as I thought through my plan. I heard the doorbell and went to the 
door and saw it was Jenna. She came in and we sat down to wait for Ed to arrive. 


"So tell me Nik what do you have in mind?" 

"Well Jen, just sit and relax until Ed gets here." 

"You didn't tell me Ed was coming." 

"Is that a problem?" I asked 

"No, not at all. Just tell me, does you plan include me getting naked with you?" 


"No it doesn't, but if you really want to we can work something out." I said 
smiling 

"No problem, I'll wait for the next time," replied Jenna 

We sat and chatted a bit until I heard a car door and knew Ed had arrived. I 
went to the door and let him in, giving him a kiss on the cheek as he entered. I 
told Ed to have a seat as I got him a drink. We made a little small talk and I 
told Ed about the shopping adventure I had with Jenna. I told him she was 
starting become quite the exhibitionist. 

"I have a long way to go to be like you Nikki" Jenna said 

"Well maybe so, but you are wearing less clothes than before." 

Jenna agreed and I told Ed that she pretty much never wears a bra or panties 
anymore, even with shorter skirts. 

"I just don't believe it" Ed said as he winked at me. 

"Jenna, show Ed I'm not bullshitting him." 

Jenna put her drink down and stood up. She reached down grabbing the hem of her 
short knit dress and lifted it to her waist, showing us her totally very light 
blonde landing strip. 

"There see Ed she's not wearing anything under her dress." 

"She may be wearing a bra." He said with a wink. 

Before I could say anything Jenna pulled the dress over her head and stood there 
naked. 

"You were right, all she had on was the dress." Ed said smiling 

"Well, can I get dressed now?" 

I stood up, pulled off my skirt, grabbed my top and lifted it off tossing both 
aside, then sat back down. Jenna folded her dress and sat it on the table then 
sat down. 

"Ok Nikki, what have you got on your mind?" Ed asked 

I can see the glimmer in your eyes." Jenna said with a smirk on her face. 

I then began explaining to them how I had read a series of stories about a 
photographer and a young female model. There was one chapter about being naked 
in a mall. 

"We were just naked in some stores at the mall, Nikki." Jenna said 

"No, this is different." 

"It isn't just being naked in a store, it's more than that." 

"I think I need another drink before I hear this." Jenna said laughing 

I went and grabbed the pitcher of margaritas from the fridge, refilled our 
glasses than I sat down and continued with my plan. You see 

"What exactly is it you want to do Nikki?" Ed asked. 

I went on to explain about the story I read and said I wanted to do the same but 
with my own twist. 

"You want to walk through the mall naked?" Jenna said in disbelief 

"You have lost your mind girl, you'll get your naked ass arrested" 

" Maybe not." Ed replied 

" If we plan carefully and choose the right day and time it may be fine" he said 


Nikki, your gonna end up in the back of a police car and walked through the 
police station naked." Jenna said 

Now the thought of that scares the hell out of me but I could also feel my pussy 
dampen. I went on and explained that I needed the two of them to help me do 
this. In the story the girl dropped her clothes at one end of the mall and the 
photographer had a dress in a bag waiting for her at the other end. They were on 
the same level in the story, but I was adding my own twist. I planned on taking 
my dress off and having Ed tear it in half (he loves to destroy my clothes). 
Then he would drop it in the trash while on the lower level right at the 
escalator. I would then ride the escalator to the upper level before walking the 
entire length of the mall and taking the escalator down meet Jenna. She would be 
waiting at the opposite end of the mall from where I started with a dress for me 
to put on quickly. I would have no way of covering up from the time I took off 
my dress till I reached Jenna. The thought of that makes my nipples stiffen and 
my pussy throb.

Jenna was looking at me like I am insane. She had nothing to say for a bit, she 
just kept shaking her head as she sipped her drink. I could see Ed was mulling 
this whole thing over and then said we would need to go check out the mall. 

"I've already done that with Jen and don't want to delay this too much, or I may 
back out." 

"No you won't, you can do this." Ed said with confidence. 

"Now that I've heard your plan I am very happy that you don't want me to join 
you." Jenna said laughing. 

I knew deep down that Jenna wished she could walk naked with me but I wanted to 
do this alone. I wanted to be the naked one walking through the mall. It's not 
my ultimate fantasy, which is to walk through Penn Station in New York City 
totally naked, but this is one that has me over the moon with anticipation. 

"It's not that I don't want you to join me, but I need you both to help me so I 
don't end up naked in the police station, as you said earlier." 

We sat and did some planning about the day and time. I have checked the mall out 
a number of times. After doing so I decided I wanted to do this sometime about 
2pm on a weekday, most likely a Tuesday or Wednesday. My thought is that 
lunchtime is over, kids are in school and the mall should be somewhat empty. It 
was also decided that Ed would be with me at the start when I take off the dress 
so he can destroy it. Jenna will be at the other end of the mall on the lower 
level right near the escalator holding a dress I can just pull quickly over my head. 

Once we worked out most of the details, it was decided we would do this the 
following Wednesday, both Jenna and Ed were ready to leave. Jenna got dressed. I 
stayed naked and walked them out to their cars. After they left I was so excited 
thinking about what I was going to do in just a few days but I also had that 
nervous feeling. 

"Am I insane? I said out loud to myself. Maybe I am. 

Jenna called me the next day to see if I had changed my mind.

"Your not serious about this are you, Nikki?" Jenna asked

'Yes I am, I know I can do this'" I replied

Jenna went on trying to convince me that I was surely going to end up in jail. I 
told her I trusted Ed and knew he would ensure that didn't happen. She once 
again said I was completely insane and hoped that I would reconsider. 

"No way, I am going to do this and love every minute of it."

Jenna gave up and said she would meet me at my house Wednesday about 1pm. I was all excited thinking about what I was going to do in just a few days. I found it 
hard to concentrate at work. I kept picturing myself taking off my dress and 
getting on the escalator to the upper level. I had to stop thinking about it as 
I could feel my pussy begin to throb more and more. As I thought about walking 
the length of the mall naked I started getting warm and had to change my 
thoughts to other things at least until I was home. I started unbuttoning my 
dress as I entered my house. I was naked before I reached the kitchen. I poured 
a glass of wine and went in to take a shower. 

As I stood in the shower under the warm water I began to picture what would 
happen in just a few days. I held the shower head with one hand as my other 
began to tease my clit. I had the water pulsating on my pussy as I played out 
the events to come in my mind. This was going to be the most exciting adventure, 
getting closer to my ultimate fantasy. I was so excited yet nervous but I knew 
it would all be fine. I kept the water pulsating as I played with my clit and 
slid two fingers in and out. I felt my orgasm building and after a little more 
clit teasing I came. I waited to catch my breath and then I put the shower head 
and began soaping up my entire body. I love the feel of my hands or someone 
else's sliding over my wet soapy body. I started getting worked up again and 
quickly grabbed the showerhead and rinsed off. I toweled myself off and walked 
out into the kitchen naked for more wine before going into the bedroom closet to 
find two outfits for Wednesday.

I found that every aspect of this adventure excited me from my clothing 
selection to the idea of walking through the mall to the possibility of getting 
arrested. Although the thought of getting arrested scares the crap out of me but 
also excites me. I thought to myself If I was this excited before my adventure I 
thought I may just cum during it. 

I knew that if I pull this off I will have many orgasms replaying it in my mind 
and while writing it to share with those who chose to read it. I snapped back to 
reality and found an old dress that has a few large buttons down the front. I 
will be able to unbutton them quickly and let the dress drop so Ed can grab it 
rip it in half and dispose of it. I would also wear an old pair of flip flops 
that Ed would discard with the dress. I wanted to be 100% naked, no clothing, 
footwear or jewelry. The dress was not terribly short which was good because for 
once I didn't want to draw attention to myself as I walked through the mall and 
into position by the escalator. I also pulled out a T-shirt dress that I will be 
able to pull over my head easily when I reach Jenna at the other end of the mall 
and a pair of sandals. I had my outfits ready so all I had to do now is wait for 
Wednesday.

Time seemed to drag and as it did I began thinking about my upcoming adventure. 
This time though it was agitating the butterflies in my stomach giving me second 
thoughts. I fought all the negative thoughts knowing that Ed would make sure 
everything went as planned. The waiting was the worst and after what seemed an 
eternity it was Wednesday morning. I received calls from Jen and Ed, Jen asking 
if I was really going to do it and Ed saying everything would be fine. They were 
both coming to my house at 1:30pm . I gave Jenna the clothes I would need once 
my walk was completed and told her to park at the end of the mall where my walk 
would end and I would ride with Ed and park at the other end.

After talking to them both I waited a bit and then went in and took a shower. I 
made sure to remove all my jewelry and stayed naked until just before 1:30. 
Finally it was time to get ready. I pulled the dress on and buttoned it up then 
I slipped on my old flip flops and waited. In just minutes Ed pulled up and I 
went outside to wait for Jen. As soon as she arrived I gave her the bag holding 
my t-shirt dress and sandals. I made sure that Jen knew exactly where she was to 
be with my clothes and sent her off. I jumped in Ed's car and in about 20 
minutes we were at the mall. There were a number of cars parked in the various 
lots but it wasn't overly crowded.

My stomach was jumping as we made our way into the mall and toward the 
escalator. I felt really covered up but knew that feeling would be gone in no 
time. We reached the escalator in just a few minutes.

" You ready babe? " Ed asked

" Yes I think so." I replied with a slight smile

"One last thing, you have to ride the escalator up, no walking to speed things 
up." Ed said with that wicked grin

"I'll do my best." I said as I kicked off my flip flops.

A moment later I began to unbutton my dress. There was no one right in the 
immediate area as I took it off and handed it to Ed. In one swift motion my 
dress was ripped in half and tossed in the trash with my flip flops. No turning 
back now. Jenna had the only clothes I could use to cover myself and so If I 
chickened out I would have to walk or run through the store that leads to the 
parking lot. I forced my feet to move and stepped onto the escalator, fighting 
the urge to run up to the top. There was no turning back now as my those damn 
butterflies wreaked havoc on my stomach. 

*

To be continued...






 
Nrlynkdbabe's Naked Mall Adventure Ch. 02
by Nrlynkdbabe©


I apologize for leaving you all hanging in the first part of this adventure. I 
wanted to have it all done before I submitted it but I was inundated with 
e-mails asking for me to post something. I love getting all the e-mails, 
comments (good and bad) and the questions and all and wanted to please you all. 
I tried to find a good place to stop and decided it would be just as I lose my 
clothes. I didn't intentionally want to leave you frustrated as some of you are 
and I will try not to have this happen again. I hope you will feel it worth the 
wait and enjoy the conclusion. I do have more adventures coming soon. Below is 
the last paragraph of Ch. 1 just to jog your memories.

A moment later I began to unbutton my dress. There was no one right in the 
immediate area as I took it off and handed it to Ed. In one swift motion my 
dress was ripped in half and tossed in the trash with my flip flops. No turning 
back now. Jenna had the only clothes I could use to cover myself and so If I 
chickened out I would have to walk or run through the store that leads to the 
parking lot. I forced my feet to move and stepped onto the escalator, fighting 
the urge to run up to the top. There was no turning back now as my those damn 
butterflies wreaked havoc on my stomach. 

As I began the ascent to the upper level so many thoughts were speeding through 
my head. I suddenly realized that I could not see who, if anyone was near the 
escalator (which really is an escal-aire) on the upper level. The difference 
between an escalator and escal-aire is an escal-aire has glass sides, so I was 
even more visible to anyone on the side as I rode up to the top. There could be 
mall security somewhere close. I began thinking this was a huge mistake but knew 
I had to get to Jenna. There would be no one at the car and I certainly wasn't 
carrying any keys. It seemed like the escalator was almost standing still as it 
took me ever so slowly to the top. 

I wanted to move up a few steps but looking back down behind me I saw Ed still 
standing there and knew I had to stand my ground. My heart was pounding as I 
slowly got closer to the top. I always deal with a barrage of feelings during an 
adventure but I was much more nervous this time. There was so much that could go wrong but of course that also added to my almost unbearable excitement. I 
thought for sure this would all be a blur if I got through it but I remember so 
clearly thinking, 

"I'm naked on a mall escalator." with a huge smile on my face.

Despite all of the fear I was as turned on as I could ever be without touching 
myself. I took another look back down and Ed was gone. My security blanket was 
no longer visible and I started to panic. I forced myself to calm down and get 
my head clear. I really needed to start paying attention to my surroundings. I 
had to watch for security, and look for any place I could possibly get to for 
safety if I did see any mall police. I looked over the side of the escalator to 
see if anyone had noticed the crazy naked female. I saw a few people but it 
seemed either they hadn't noticed me or just didn't care. 

I was nearing the top after what seemed an eternity and I began to get that 
awful feeling in my stomach. My fear of what I would encounter at the top was 
exceeding my excitement. I couldn't help but think this latest adventure was 
going to be the one to get me in real trouble. This is the one that would bring 
me back to reality, realizing I need to go back to just getting naked at private 
parties and other safer places. The time had come, in just a few feet I would 
have to step off the escalator not knowing what or who I would encounter. This 
started getting me a bit excited again. 

I could now see the upper level of the mall in front of me and was relieved 
there were no mall cops in sight. I was sure someone had seen me on the 
escalator and reported me. I was sure that I would be met by mall security when 
I reached the top. I had been overwhelmed with fear just before the upper level 
came into view but now my excitement was building again. I was ready to step off 
the escalator onto the upper level and needed to pay attention. It really isn't 
a smart idea to ride an escalator barefoot. I was actually living out one of my 
ultimate adventures and I was loving it. I saw one middle-aged man off to the 
side as I stepped off the escalator. The look on his face as he saw me was sheer 
shock. He just sort of stared, mouth gaping open as he followed me with his eyes 
as I walked past him.

I was both relieved and disappointed that the upper level was nearly deserted. I 
wanted attention, I wanted to be seen by many as I walked brazenly through the 
mall naked. I just didn't want mall security to be part of my audience. I wanted 
to prolong this as long as possible but knew I should be happy if I get to Jenna 
without incident. I moved a bit to the side, closer to the railing so I could 
see the lower level as I made my way along the upper level. I was hoping to 
catch a glimpse of Ed trailing me from below and also allowing me to be visible 
to anyone who happened to glance up from below. 

I didn't see Ed anywhere and hoped he had me in view as I made my way across the upper level. I saw a few people here and there but thankfully no one who seemed to be disgusted enough or angry enough to report me to security. I was doing this, I was actually walking, albeit at a faster pace as naked as I could be 
through a mall on a Wednesday afternoon. Suddenly out of the corner of my eye I 
spotted a guy in blue and thought he was security. I hurried and hid behind a 
big column and looked again, it wasn't mall security. I relaxed and continued on 
my way. My nipples were stiff and standing out declaring my excitement. I had no 
clothing, shoes or jewelry and I had gotten a Brazilian wax so I was as bare as 
possible. My pussy was tingling at the realization of what I was doing. I had 
come a long way from my first little excursion to my mailbox naked. I was 
already about halfway to the other end of the mall and beginning to relax.

I was naked and being viewed by at least a few strangers as I made my way along 
the upper level. Ed was right, I could do this. I was going to be one sexed up 
bitch when this was over. I was getting lost in the moment, already thinking 
about the numerous masturbation sessions I would have thinking about this 
adventure and especially writing about it. I was making good time and was nearly 
three quarters of the way to the end when I spotted him. I looked down at the 
lower level and directly at a security guard who apparently had just spotted me. 
Excitement turned to panic as I tried to think what to do. I couldn't turn 
around because it was too far to the other end and I had no way to get into the 
car, even if I made it that far. 

I looked again and saw him on the radio probably calling for more security. I 
hoped maybe he was just calling to have his buddies come see the naked chick and 
not to have me detained as they awaited the police. I'm not that lucky and was 
sure he was getting help to nab me for public lewdness or whatever they would 
call it. I didn't see Ed anywhere and hoped he knew what was happening. I looked 
to see if there was a restroom anywhere close and cursed myself for not checking 
for restrooms on my earlier trips here. I saw no restroom and thought about 
running into the nearest clothing store, grabbing any kind of dress off the 
nearest rack and putting it on before security came. I then realized I had no 
way to pay for anything and would end up dealing with mall security if I refused 
to take the dress off. I had to move fast and get to Jenna. Once I got to the 
escalator I could start moving down the steps and have her get the dress ready 
fast. 

I moved as fast as I could toward the end of the upper level as my boobs bounced 
wildly. I looked behind and saw a security guard closing the distance between 
us. If I could just get to Jenna and my dress I may be alright.

"I swear if I get out of this I will never try anything like this again". I 
thought to myself.

I reached the escalator to take me down to my dress and ignored Ed's earlier 
warning to let the escalator take me up and down and not cheat by walking. I 
didn't see Jenna, and I was scared to death. I hoped she was just out of my view 
and that she would meet me as I reached the lower level. I carefully stepped off 
the escalator and looked around, no Jenna or Ed. I was in some mess now and had 
no idea how to get out of it. I turned right to head under the escalator and saw 
both Ed and Jenna with three security guards. Jenna was holding the bag that 
held my dress looking at me helplessly. I saw Ed talking to one of the security 
guards, most likely trying to get me out of this situation.

It wasn't looking good, the security guard was shaking is head no as Ed talked. 
I thought I was going to pass out right there. A small crowd of mostly older men 
was forming around us as Ed continued to plead my case. I don't know what he 
could say to get me out of this. He could be offering blowjobs for all of them 
from me and if it got me out of this I would deal with it. The conversation 
between Ed and security had ended.

Ed looked at me

"I'm sorry." he mouthed 

OMG!!!!! After everything I had done this is how my naked adventures were going 
to end. I saw the security guard that had been talking to Ed walking toward me. 
I always want to be the center of attention but this is one time I wish I 
weren't. The guard reached me and gently grabbed my wrist.

"Miss, you will need to come with us to the security office." He said stone faced.

" I have a dress for her, at least let her cover up." Jenna said quietly 

"She didn't seem to mind being naked for her walk through the mall, so the dress 
won't be necessary." said the security guard.

" You need to let her get dressed." Ed said 

"We don't need to let her do anything." the guard said as he turned me around.

He now had me turned around facing the crowd that had been forming as he held my wrists behind my back with one hand. I was totally on display to all those in 
front of me. I'm sure I heard the telltale click of a camera phone or two as I 
stood helpless. I felt the cold steel of a handcuff on my wrist.

"Is that really necessary?" Ed asked, but got no reply

"Please let me get dressed and I will leave and never come back." I pleaded

"Sorry miss, we have rules." was all the guard said

I'll do anything if you let me go." I said nearly in tears

There was no reply, a moment later both wrists were handcuffed and I was being 
led to the end of the mall nearest us. I couldn't believe I was being paraded 
naked and handcuffed through the mall. I was sure that once they got their 
thrills from my situation and had me in the security office I would be allowed 
to get dressed. They would probably ban me from this mall but that was alright, 
as I never came here much until I was planning this adventure.

I was nervous and shaking but also turned on as I was led naked the short 
distance to a corridor that led to the security office. As we turned down the 
corridor I saw another security guard and Ed and Jenna following behind me, 
leaving the crowd of people behind. Down at the end of the long hallway was a 
door with a sign reading security on it. The guard holding me opened the door 
and led me inside. A young woman sitting behind the desk glanced up and did a 
double take when she realized I was naked. She looked at me with a slight smile 
as she buzzed open another door that led into what I would call a holding room. 

The room had a desk and two chairs and a bench along the wall. I was directed 
toward the bench and felt one wrist come free of the handcuffs.

"Thank God this is over." I thought 

I was sure that any minute after they had their fun with me that they would 
bring me my dress and allow me to leave. I was told to sit on the bench and when 
I did the guard took the free handcuff and attached it to the arm on the bench. 
I sat there wondering what was coming next. I was sure they were trying to scare 
me so I would never attempt anything like this again. I have to admit it was 
working, I was sure that my days of being naked in extreme public places were 
over. 

" Can my friends come in with me, please?" I asked very timidly

"After we get some information." was the reply from the guard.

I was asked the expected questions, name, age, address and answered reluctantly. 
Then the other questions came.

"Have you done this before?"

"No, not here."

"You've been naked in other public places?"

"Yes many times" I said

"What kind of places?" He asked 

" A few bars and clubs, gas stations, small stores and outdoors in different 
areas."

I could see the bulge growing in his pants as he continued to question me. I 
hoped that if I answered all his questions that he would let Ed and Jenna in, 
let me get dressed and go home.

"Your friend has the clothes you wore here?"

"No, the clothes I wore here were destroyed."

'Why?" 

"Because that left me no choice but to remain naked until I could get to my 
other friend at the far end of the mall."

"Did you really expect to do this and not get caught?"

"Honestly, no."

"Then why did you try it?"

"Because it excites me."

"Are you excited now?"

"Yes I am." I replied timidly

I have to admit that the questions were exciting me. Besides loving the rush of 
being naked where I shouldn't talking or answering questions about it excites 
me. I was expecting him to ask me to prove how excited I was or to masturbate in 
front of him. I think if the girl wasn't at the desk it may have gone to that 
level. If he had asked I would have, I was that turned on. I had been sitting 
with my legs clamped tightly together but now I let them part just enough for 
him to see the wetness of my pussy. His eyes went immediately between my legs 
and I swear the bulge in his pants got larger. He then went back to the 
questions.

" Your friend out there has clothes for you to wear?"

"Yes she does." I replied with a slight smile thinking I would soon be dressed 
and going home

"What did she bring for you to wear?"

"Just a dress and sandals."

"No underwear?"

"No, I never wear any." I smiled

"Well I think I have all the information I need"

"Can I see my friends now?"

He didn't reply but went to the door and asked Ed and Jenna to come inside.

I was so happy to see them that at first I didn't realize that Jenna was no 
longer holding the bag with my clothes. 

"Jenna, where are my clothes?'

" The girl at the desk has them." 

The guard came back in and I asked him

"Where's my dress?"

" We think you may have stolen it and we'll hold it until we check with the 
clothing stores in the mall." The guard said, glancing at Ed

"Fine!"

"My friend will get the car and I'll go home naked, I've done it before'"

"No miss, you can't leave."

Now I was getting annoyed with him. He had gotten a good look at my body, asked 
all the questions he could to fulfill his fantasies and I was ready to go home.

"Why can't I leave now?"

"Because we are waiting for the police to get here."

"Police?"

"You called the police?" 

"Yes we did, we can't have people walking naked in our mall."

Ed began to plead my case again but with the same result.

"Please, please let me go." I pleaded

"I'll do anything, I'll take care of that for you." I said pointing with my free 
hand to the bulge in his pants.

"Nikki!" Jenna said

"I'm sorry, but I'm desperate."

He would hear none of it and came over to release me from the bench. He had me 
stand up and turned me around, once again he closed the handcuff around my free 
wrist. Moments later the door opened and in walked a local cop. He wasn't shy 
about looking me up and down. The security guard released his grip on me and the 
officer grabbed my wrists.

"Let's go miss." 

I was ready to cry, I was so scared. My worst fears were being realized. I can't 
explain it but despite being so scared, my nipples were as hard and erect as 
they have ever been and I could feel the tingling between my legs. My friends 
could do nothing, I would have to wait for them to release me from jail. I hoped 
this didn't make the paper and if it did I hoped my name wouldn't be printed. 
The guard opened the door and the police officer walked me naked out and across 
to a door with an exit sign I hadn't noticed before. He opened the door and we 
stepped outside. We were near what I guess was the employee entrance to the mall 
and I saw a number of people standing around smoking.

They all just stared as the cop walked me down the sidewalk passing the smokers. 
What a sight, me naked and handcuffed, my body on full display to all the people 
outside. I tried to fight it but I was getting more turned on as we walked to 
the police car. I could feel the juices start to trickle down my thighs. And my 
pussy was beginning to throb. I was on the verge of cumming and I couldn't stop 
myself. I felt flush and weak as we neared the patrol car. I couldn't fight it 
any longer and I let out a moan as I came. My juices flowing down my legs, I 
didn't know where Ed and Jenna had gone. I hoped they went to get their cars to 
meet me at the police station. 

As we reached the patrol car the officer opened the trunk and took out a 
blanket. At least I would have that wrapped around me when he escorted me into 
the jail. I didn't want to be left naked in a cell with strangers even though 
the thought of that excited me. He didn't wrap the blanket around me, he spread 
it out on the back seat.

"I don't want you messing up the seat." he said as he helped me sit down.

I gave him a good view although not intentionally this time when I went to swing 
my legs into the car. He closed the door, went around and got in the car and off 
we went. I was still experiencing a flood of emotions. I was scared beyond 
belief but being naked and helpless had me hot and wet. I couldn't believe my 
worst fear was being realized and I was still excited. As we began the drive 
from the mall to the local police station I was thinking how I could suggest I 
would be willing to perform some sexual favors if he would bring me home rather 
than the police station. I thought just offering to give him a blowjob could 
make things worse. Now realize this is not normally something I offer to 
strangers but I was afraid of my arrest getting out to some who are unaware of 
my escapades. 

I didn't know how to go about it without just blurting it out, so I kept quiet. 
It was a short drive to the police station and as we entered the driveway he 
pulled around to the back and parked in a somewhat secluded area away from the 
building. It took me a minute to notice both Ed and Jenna's cars parked in the 
same area. I was relieved to know that at least they were there to get me out as 
soon as the paperwork and whatever else was done. Once parked the officer came 
around and opened the door, getting another great view as I struggled to get out 
of the car while handcuffed.

I was standing naked in a police parking lot, handcuffed and my body was 
responding to it no matter how I tried to fight it. The slight breeze was 
helping to make my nipples harden and my pussy to throb. The officer grasped the 
handcuffs and began walking me toward the building which was on the other side 
of Ed and Jenna. As we approached Jenna looked as terrified as I felt and Ed had 
a concerned look on his face. As we reached them Jenna came and gave me a hug 
telling me it was alright. She let go and stepped back.

"Looks like your a bit excited, Nikki". Ed said with the slightest of grins

" I can't help it" I said

"I know you can't, I know what excites you." 

Then without a word Ed stepped behind me and the officer released his grip on my 
wrists as he stepped over by Jenna. 

Ed spoke from behind me.



" Jenna, I'd like you to meet my brother, Bill." 

"Nice to finally meet you after all I've heard from Ed." The cop said with a big 
grin

Jenna was standing there mouth hanging open, so she obviously had no idea this 
was all planned.

I didn't know how to react at first, I was pissed but still turned on from the 
whole experience. I didn't know if I should be pissed at Ed or happy for him 
making this adventure so much more exciting. Bill said he needed to go and he 
came forward and kissed me on the cheek.

"Hope you won't stay mad at us". he said before heading back to his patrol car.

"We better get you in the car before another officer sees you here." Ed said 
snapping me back to reality. Jenna was still stunned then said she would meet us 
at my house.

"You going to take these cuffs off?"

"No, not till we get you home to be on the safe side." Ed said grinning

The ride home was silent, I didn't know if I should yell at him for scaring the 
hell out of me or thank him for an awesome adventure. Once at my house Jenna 
opened the door and we went inside.

"I think I'm safe now." Ed said, producing the key and removing the handcuffs. 

I was still so sexed up from the whole experience I needed relief. I would have 
loved to drag both Ed and Jenna into the bedroom right then and there but I 
wanted Ed to wonder if I was mad at him. I still wasn't sure how I felt about 
what he did. He did make things much more exciting but I still had unsettled 
feelings about it all. I said that I wanted to take a shower and relax. I kissed 
Ed and told him I would talk to him soon, feeling a bit bad sending him off but 
I knew what I wanted and needed. I hoped he understood why I wanted him to leave me with Jen.

I wanted to take a shower but I chatted with Jen for a bit first and opened a 
bottle of wine. Jenna confirmed that she knew nothing about what Ed had 
orchestrated at the mall. I'm sure he was afraid she would never be able to keep 
it a secret. She agreed she would have told me about it if she knew. Jenna 
rambled on about how it must have been such a turn on for me and I agreed it was 
probably the most sexually exciting adventure I've had and how I felt I was 
ready to cum so many times during it all. 

"It was so exciting to see you naked in that mall, especially when you were 
handcuffed." Jenna confessed. 

"I want to be more daring but nothing like what happened today."

" I promise I'll help you with a more daring adventure and we'll plan something 
to do together too'" I told her

I said I wanted to jump in the shower and told Jen to get comfortable and I 
would be back soon. I wanted to ask her to join me but didn't and I hoped maybe 
she would just surprise me, but she didn't. I didn't linger in the shower as I 
often do enjoying the hot pulsating water massaging me. I wanted to steam things 
up with Jen. I stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel carrying it as I 
walked into the living room still wet from the shower. I love the look of a wet 
female body and hoped Jenna did also. When I came out Jen put her wine down and I noticed she had taken her sandals off and was sitting with her skirt high on 
her thighs and her blouse may have been open more than it was earlier. Jen stood 
up and took the towel and wrapped it around me and began drying my back. 

She took her time making sure she didn't miss any spots. We were almost breast 
to breast and my arms were restrained in the towel. Jen pulled the towel away 
and stepped behind me to dry the backs of my legs. She then came back around and began drying my neck and down my chest. My hands were free and as she moved the towel over my chest I began to unbutton her blouse. Jenna made no effort to stop me as I undid the last button and pushed the blouse off her shoulders. She handed me the towel to allow her to remove her blouse completely. She returned to drying me off as I watched her breasts jiggle and bounce as she rubbed the towel over me. 

Before she moved down to my lower half I undid her skirt and let it fall to the 
floor. Now naked she knelt down tossing the towel aside and began kissing me 
below my navel, moving down slowly. I had my first orgasm when her lips kissed 
my inner thighs and I felt her warm breath on my swollen pussy. Once I regained 
my composure I grabbed her hand helping her stand and led her into the bedroom. 
I hurriedly pushed her back on the bed and with her legs hanging over the side I 
knelt and used my mouth and tongue to get her off for her first orgasm of the 
evening. We both enjoyed many orgasms as we explored each others bodies every 
way possible. 

Jenna stayed the night and we started the next day in the shower together. I 
promised her that we would plan a few nip adventures to have together. I don't 
think she will ever go as far as I did at the mall and honestly I don't know if 
I will either. I know I will still get naked in public but will choose my 
locations carefully.

More to come very soon. Some are not as daring and some involve Jenna and Neva.

Please keep the e-mails and comments coming and of course your votes are always 
welcome.

Hugs and Kisses

Nikki






