Doppleganger XI by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
After enjoying Carrie's endowments as well as her greatest pleasure, I marveled at the amount of influence I could have on people.  I had just changed my body to have two big cocks, and nailed a beautiful young woman with them.  AND, I had somehow bound her to silence so that she would keep all of the memories of what we had done together, but couldn't talk about them to anyone but me.  I tested it by having her call a friend and try to tell her that I had even come over, much less changed my body.

What I needed now, was more practice.  After a long lengthy goodbye, I got dressed, and left, closing and locking the door.  She was sound asleep and would be for several more hours.  Our second round had been just as imaginitive as our first.  I caught a faint scent in the air, as I had the few days leading up to my last vessel's encounter, so I knew that I had another vessel to indoctrinate sometime in the near future.  I wanted to practice some technique before I went home, so I pulled down a side street and took the ramp into a parking garage.  I went about halfway up before parking and turned off the car.  I cast out with my senses, finding no one in the immediate vicinity I changed my appearance.  Gone was the broad shoulders, short hair and muscled torso of Duncan.

I changed my clothes to nondescript black, and made my features rather plain.  I didn't want to attract much notice when I went into a bar to investigate.  I grew out my hair to my shoulders, parted it in the middle, and darkened my skin.  I pulled my cock inside and gave myself enough curves to be obviously female.  Nothing much to look at, and hopefully, nothing to attract notice.  I pulled out of the garage and went down Westheimer turning on a side street and parking my car.  I got out and wandered down the street, stopping at a promising looking place.  I went inside, ordered a drink, and made my way into the corner, 'listening' to the thoughts around me.  Most of them were concerned with who the guys wanted to bang, and which girls were going to let that happen and much of the same.  Thankfully, I had made it in the place attracting very little notice while I ordered my drink and moved to the corner to observe.

I sipped my drink and dipped into the minds of the guys in the place.  As a doppleganger, I now really had no sexual preference, but I had just had a male conquest, I wanted to get more on the female perspective.  Most of the guys were only intent on one thing, getting laid.  Typical, and before all this had happened to me, I would have been one of them.  A few of them started looking at me so I practiced turning their thoughts away from me.  Concentrating on one stream of consciousness in a sea of hormones and liquor was not as easy as I thought.  I practiced until I made people do minor things like scratching their nose, or running a hand through their hair.  Okay, so now I knew how to thread my will into people's conscious thoughts.  

It occurred to me that I could create a powerful place for myself if power was what I was really after.  There was something in me now that made me want to help people realize things about themselves.  I was a bit self-centered before, but now that my experiences had expanded my thoughts, I found my morals had changed as well.

I was searching for something here, but I didn't know what it was.  I knew that I didn't have a 'client' here, but I guess I wanted to find someone who was a little different,  who deserved a nice good fucking by a goddess.  As I eliminated them one by one, I found my gaze drawn to the corner opposite me.  A young guy stood there nursing his drink, doing pretty much the same thing I was doing.  He wasn't bad looking, just sort of non-descript.  Shorter than average, I found myself delving deeper into his mind.  He was a pretty decent guy, taking sex where he could get it, which wasn't that often.  He lived with his parents and masturbated quite a bit.  Perfect.

I went to the women's bathroom and went into one of the stalls.  I pulled down my jeans and pretended to pee, instead changing my body slightly.  My breasts became rounder and fuller, my hair longer and curlier, and I adjusted my clothes, making them shorter and tighter to accentuate my round ass and full chest.  I heightened my cheekbones and made my lips fuller, changing my scent to exude powerful female pheremones.  I wanted to see how many guys would hit on me before I made my move.  I exuded sex so much that I made the woman in the next stall gasp.  I listened to her, reaching into her mind, seeing what I could find.  I had sparked her libido so much with just my scent that I didn't even need to use my power to make her reach a hand between her legs.  I heard her breathing speed up as I stood up and pulled up my thong and tight black microskirt.    Opening the stall door, I noticed that the bathroom was empty.  I went to the mirror and listened to the woman in the stall work herself up and over the edge, gasping loudly in the stall, her orgasm complete.  I smiled as I walked out into the bar and ordered a drink from the bartender.  Her practically fell over himself getting to me as did the men around me trying to pay for my drink.

I had never realized how stupid a guy looks when he is trying to impress a girl.  Visions of me naked being fucked by every one of them danced in their heads.  I let it continue for several moments, touching an arm here, laughing at a joke there.  Then I put down my drink and smiled.  "Cya fellas, gotta get a date..."

I left them gaping after me, oogling the swing and bounce of my stride as I made my way purposefully over to the man in the corner.

"Hi Jeff, I'm Amanda.  Would you like me to tell your future?" I said in my most sultry voice.

His jaw just hung open as he stared at me, nodding.  I stepped closer into his chest, mashing my big, firm tits into him.  I snaked one arm around his neck and whispered in his ear.

"In exactly 2 minutes, I am going to be blowing you in the alley behind the bar, and in about 10, you are going to be banging the shit out of me.  How does that sound?"  I slid my tongue in his ear as he trembled.  The pheremones that were coming off my body must have hit him like a ton of bricks.  I saw one hand hit the wall to keep his balance and the other just hung there as he continued to stare at me.  

I smiled and took his free hand, saying, "Come on..."

He just nodded and followed me out of the bar.  His jaw finally shut as we rounded the corner and went down the side street.  I practically threw him around the next corner behind the building.  We squeezed past a dumpster and into a private little alcove between the bar and the next building over.  

I practically threw him against the wall and knelt down to attack his fly.  I had his pants open and his dick in my mouth in record time.  I was amazed at how much the thought of sucking a man's penis turned me on.  As I began jacking his cock up and down, I realized that I gained pleasure from arousal, regardless of the partner.  Sexual pleasure in it's simple form was the key.

He clutched the building behind him, moaning as I lathered up his thick cockhead with spit.  The knob at the end was really big and the length and width seemed to be catching up rapidly under my oral reflection.  By the time I started shoving the big head in my mouth, I had a fat beefy cock shaft in my hands.  The fire in my pussy stirred to a boil.  I reached one hand down and slipped a finger in to the first knuckle.  His moans were deep and harsh as I bobbed my mouth and throat up and down the length of his dick.  I brought myself to a quick first orgasm before letting the head spill out of my mouth.  

I stood up, stepping out of my thong, kicking it behind me.  I pulled the microskirt up around my waist and put my arms around his neck saying "Pick me up, baby."  He slid his hands under my ass and lifted me up high enough to feel the head of his hard cock on the opening to my cunt.  The movement succeeded in seating the head of his prick in the silky folds of my labia.  My first orgasm had made me super wet.

"Oh God, who are you???" he said in awe as I rocked my hips back and forth, feeling the head of his cock begin to enter me.
"I'm Amanda, now fuck my brains out and stop asking questions...Mmmmmm" I answered as he pushed his dick into the velvet folds of my silky pussy.  
"Turn around and put me against the building, ungh, oooooo! Nice dick Jeff...Nice big fat cock baby, now fuck me hard...."

He didn't need to be asked twice as his hips went back and then slammed his dick into me.  The thrust pushed my ass against the building and dragged his big veiny cock across my clit as he crammed every inch into me.  "UUUUUUHHHHHH!  Oh God!  AGAIN!!!"

He swung his hips back and barreled back into my hot wet cunt again and again, the friction of his cock on my clit sending me higher and higher.

"Oh God, Amanda, I don't know how long I am going to last..."
"Go ahead and come in me Jeff, I'll get you hard again, I promise.  Just don't stop right now, I am so close..."

I felt the blood rush into his cock as it swelled even bigger inside me.  I could feel the head of his cock slide over my g-spot, bringing me closer and closer.  
"That's it Jeff, more...Oh god fuck me fuck me!"

He was practically banging me through the brick wall as he jammed his prick up inside me.  My legs rode over his hips as he plunged in and out of me.  I jammed my tongue in his mouth as a wave of sexual energy washed over my body, setting every nerve with an electric charge.  I felt his hot sticky fluid splash against the walls of my pussy as he moaned deeply into my mouth.  I let him continue until he was finished and his cock began to soften.  He let me down gently, looking to opening of the alleyway.  He stiffened and grabbed his pants up quickly, stepping in front of me.  There in the alleyway, were three of the guys from the bar.

"Hey Jeff, ya gonna share?" the first slurred.

Jeff didn't say anything, but he finished doing up the button on his pants, leaving the belt undone.  I pulled my skirt down to cover me, feeling his seed spill down my leg.  I knew as Kel that I could take all three of them, but I wanted to see what Jeff would do.

"Com mon man, you always share your girlz wiiith us, don cha Jeff?"  

While inside his head I had noticed that these three took advantage of Jeff whenever possible so this was nothing new.  Jeff's left hand had plenty of practice because he always backed down from them.  I saw Jeff's shoulders slump as he shook his head.  His right hand went to the buckle on his belt and pulled it out slowly.

"No." was all he said.  His legs spread apart as he wrapped the belt around his right hand a few times, letting the buckle dangle.  

"Look guys, he's got a set of balls af'er all huh, Jeffie?"  the lead one laughed as he staggered past the dumpster into the alcove.  Jeff swung out with the buckle, passing it a few inches in front of the drunk's face.  His smile turned nasty as his fists clenched and he advanced on Jeff.  Instead of backing into the corner, he began swinging the belt around in a circle.  As the drunk's gaze glanced down to the shining buckle, Jeff struck out with his other hand, dropping him with one punch to the face.

"It's over Dale.  No more taking girls.  Especially not this one!" he practically yelled as he kicked him in the stomach.  The two at the other end of dumpster looked at Jeff, and then at me.

"I wouldn't fellas.  It's not worth it.  If he doesn't kick your ass, me, my stilleto heels and my black belt in Tae Kwon Do, will, K?"

They stood there looking like the stupid followers they were.  I said, "Buh Bye, Boys" taking Jeff's hand and moving out of the alley.  They thought about it for a while, but decided against ganging up on the belt swinging menace that walked passed them.  I could feel his hand shaking, so I squeezed it tightly, walking towards my car.

I started the car with a button on my keys and unlocked it at the same time.  Jeff seemed to be quietly freaking out and I needed a stiff drink.  Plus I needed to clean up the sperm that was running down my leg.  I had a plan that would help me, Jeff, and a certain someone I wanted to do another favor for.

I pulled down the street and flew across Richmond Ave heading towards the Galleria.  Jeff sat in his seat breathing heavily as I pulled a cleanex from the glove compartment to stop me from dripping all over the seat.  While I was driving and cleaning, I tried to explain.

"Jeff, I'm sure you have a million questions running through your head right now, but just try to relax and enjoy this.  Nice work back there by the way, it's good to see you stand up to them."  

I dropped the tissue on the floor and put a hand on his thigh as he loosened his deathgrip on the belt and relaxed a little.  He took several deep breaths before saying, "Can I ask where we are going?"

I giggled and gave his leg a squeeze.  "It's a surprise, just wait."

I pulled into the Galleria parking lot and drove up to the upper levels.  I cast out once again for people, and waited until the family near us moved on.  I took off my seatbelt and turned towards him.  

"Don't freak out okay, I am going to do something that seems pretty fucked up, but I will explain in a little bit, okay?"  He nodded and I smiled brightly as I began to change slowly.  I pulled back the goddess till I had the same non-descript female look as before.  I changed my clothes to a blue business suit and colored my face with makeup.

His mouth dropped open as I finished, putting the keys into my jacket pocket.  I handed him my cellphone and smiled.  "That'll go off in about 10 minutes.  I want you to come up and join me, I promise that I can explain all of this if you are willing.  If you are willing, the alley will seem like nothing, I promise."

His mouth closed and he looked totally confused.  I put the back of my hand to his cheek and said, "I won't hurt you, you have to know that."  After a moment, he nodded.

I smiled and got out, closing the door behind me.  I had a few tricks I would like to try and I needed a guinea pig.  I figured that he wouldn't mind having the best night of sex in his life helping me either.  I made my way through the mall to the hotel in the middle of it.  The concierge booked me a suite at the top and gave me my key.  He was pleasant, but bored with me.  I could tell he had a lot of southern belle's come in, so I was tame.

I took the elevator up to the top and let myself into the room.  It was nice and roomy with a separate sitting room with a TV and couch and chairs.  The bedroom had one california king size bed along one wall and a small kitchen.  It'd be perfect.

I picked up the phone and dialed my cellphone, he picked it up halfway through the first ring.

"Um, hello?"
"Jeff...Room 715." I said and hung up.  I had a few ideas of things he would be interested in but I decided to indoctrinate him slowly.  I let the suit flow over my body to become a silky white neglige and thin robe.  I darkened my skin and lengthened my hair, reddening it as it grew.  I took care to ripen my breasts to a firm 38D while flaring out my hips and rounding out my ass.  I changed my face to liken myself to Carrie's heartshaped one with full lips and high cheekbones.  I wanted to look like her, but not become her twin.  My nipples hardened as I felt Jeff get into the elevator and make his way to me.

I opened the bar and fixed us both a scotch on ice.  Not exactly a chic drink, I needed something stiff.  A soft knock on the door brought me to it, opening it slowly.  His eyes met mine as he took in the sight before him, slightly confused.  

"It's okay," I said pushing the door completely open.  "Come in Jeff..."
He stared at me, knowing it was the same woman he had banged the shit out of in an alley 20 minutes before, but not understanding the subtle changes.  I closed the door after him and put the scotch in his hand.  I swayed as I walked over to the couch, sitting on it sipping my drink.  He took a long look at me, downed his drink, and sat down on the couch opposite me.

"I don't understand.  You look different."
"I can look like anyone you like Jeff," I said as I picked images out of his brain.  I took a sip of my drink, slowly changing my face to look like Cindy Crawford, one of his favorites.  Except I had a better body of course.

I smiled as his jaw dropped and took another sip.  I changed back to something like Carrie's face.  His eyes went wide as he said, "You can be anyone you want?"

"Anyone YOU want Jeff," already seeing the image of Carrie at work in his head.  "Small world" I thought to myself.  I waited for him to say something.

"How?"
"Does it matter?"
"Hmm, I guess not"
"Got someone in mind Jeff?"
"Umm, yeah.  I do.  Not that the way you look isn't awesome.."
I chuckled softly.  "Why don't you describe her Jeff?"
He smiled, "Um, Okay.  She's about your size, her hair is curly and short.  Dark dark brown, with blue eyes"

As he said each trait, I changed my appearance.  "What about her skin?"
"It's lighter than yours, and..um her cheekbones are higher"
"Okay, what else?"  I stood up and shed my clothes with a thought, causing him to gasp.  
"What else Jeff?" I said as I stood proudly before him, naked.  My breasts were large and firm, sagging slightly from the pure weight of them.  I cupped them, running my thumbs over the nipples making them stand out.

"Oh god...it's her..."  
I looked in the mirror by the door, seeing Carrie staring back at me.  A thought occurred to me as he sat there oogling me.

I tried to reach out for Carrie's thoughts.  After straining for a while, I managed to 'find' her and get her attention.  I waited while she ducked into the bathroom.

*Is this really you?*
*Yeah baby, it's me.  I need a favor, and I think you may benefit from it too...*
*ANYTHING!  I couldn't walk for 6 hours after you left, JESUS!*
I chuckled to myself, straining to keep the connection.  *Get a pen*

*Okay, what do you need?*

I outlined my plan and told her the room number.  I returned my focus to Jeff, his eyes glazed over with lust.  I walked over to him, put a foot on the arm of the couch next to him and thrust my pussy into his face.  He didn't need to be asked as he speared his tongue into my hot slit.  I ground my pelvis into his mouth, grabbing his hair and threading my fingers through it.  "Make me come baby...Lick my pussy and I'll let you do ANYTHING you want to me..."

His head shot back, his gaze questioning.

I smiled and nodded at his unasked question, "Anything baby..." pushing his face back into my crotch.  His tongue rubbed all over my clit as he pressed two fingers into my pussy.  He quickly got a rhythm going with his fingers over my g-spot and his tongue and teeth on my clit.  I was peaking in no time flat.  "Ungh, oh nice...Yeah suck that pussy...Your fingers and tongue feel so good on me baby..."

He sped up the pace as I gasped loudly, grinding his face into my pussy, practically shoving his whole hand up inside me.  I came soundlessly, my mouth stretched in a huge O as I trembled from head to toe.  I fell on the couch next to him, the orgasm racing through my body.  I closed my eyes and allowed my body to ride the electric rhythm it made on my skin and inside me.  I blindly reached out for Jeff, not finding him next to me.  I opened my eyes to see him shedding his shirt, his pants around his ankles.

"Want those tits" he growled as he straddled me, his cock sliding between my slippery, sweaty tits.  
"You want to come on me baby?  Come all over me so I can lick it off?" I cooed as I mashed my tits together, wrapping his cock in my firm breasts.  He held onto the back of the couch, thrusting his hips causing the head of his cock to poke out the top each time.

"Nice big fat juicy cock, Mmmm, I like em big.  Come for me baby so I can get you hard again.  I want you to last a long time in my ass.  Fuck me in my tight asshole with this huge pole..."

He was thrusting furiously now, the head of his prong purple and swollen.  He was grunting, "Fuck fuck fuck" over and over as I licked the head of it, talking dirty.

"I know what you want you nasty little boy.  You want to fuck me in the ass while I lick another girl.  Let her talk dirty to you while you fuck my tight little asshole...I know what you want baby, now come on my tits.  Come on yeah...I can see your cock swelling....Come all over me..."

He roared as he pushed himself off the couch, gripping his shaft and pumping it furiously.  Long hot ropes of come surged from the head and landed on my tits.  I sat up quickly as he pumped it out of him and onto me, rubbing it into the skin of my breasts.  Just watching his facial expressions and the fact that an angry purple cock was shooting streams of salty come set my skin on fire.  I continued to rub it in, licking my fingers with relish.

"Mmmm you taste great baby...Look at me, I am a mess!"  I lowered my head to suck some off my nipple, biting it slightly.  He had managed it keep most of it out of my hair and on my chest and stomach.  I spread the pool of it in my belly button down over my labia, adding to the growing lubrication there.  My clit was hard and sensitive as he collapsed onto the couch behind him.  I began to stroke myself as I heard the door open and close.  I smiled and said, "Jeff....Mmmmmm that was nice, but I'd like you to meet a friend."

He tore his eyes from my crotch to look at my face.  I turned my head and looked at Carrie, standing just inside the closed front door.  She was dressed in a long leather coat, her hair and makeup done well.  She grinned at the look of shock on his face.

"Hi Jeff, I'm Carrie..." she said as she slowly undid her coat, exposing her large soft breasts inch by inch.

But that's another story...

-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/