Bertie had been afraid he'd made things terribly awkward for Lionel, but the exercises went smoothly and easily, and they made each other laugh when Lionel had as much trouble with the Irish wrist watch as it was giving Bertie. He'd wanted to bring Elizabeth with him, but she insisted that he should talk to Lionel without her hovering nearby, and he found that he did like having Lionel entirely to himself, singing vowels and uttering naughty words with gusto.

"May we pretend for a moment that what we're pretending didn't happen did happen after all?" he asked Lionel while he was catching his breath from speaking while spinning.

Lionel stiffened slightly, but he nodded, sitting not on the sofa but on the chair beside it. "I suppose we should," he said. "Unless you're planning to tell me it was all a terrible mistake, in which case I recommend that we go right on pretending it didn't happen."

"Is that what you think, that it was a terrible mistake? Be honest with me, please." Silence, then Lionel shook his head no. "Nor do I. I suppose I should, but when I think about it -- and I do think about it rather a lot -- it makes me very happy."

Sitting back, Lionel crossed his arms over his chest as though he were trying to hold something in. "You asked me to be honest with you, so I will. I think that you're a far braver man than I am. Despite appearances, you aren't afraid to be rash, reckless, even a bit mad."

None of those were words that Bertie had ever heard used in a positive light. "You're trying to tell me you didn't enjoy it," he guessed.

"Oh, no. I enjoyed it very much." Chuckling a bit, Lionel shook his head. "In fact, I believe all that greatly contributed to why I enjoyed it."

The tightness in Bertie's chest that always eased when he saw Lionel -- or even when he knew he was going to see Lionel -- gave way to warmth. He leaned across the space between their seats. "Perhaps I should be reckless more often."

Lionel gazed at him for a long time, his expression not inviting so much as wistful. It had occurred to Bertie that Lionel's wife might not be nearly as understanding as his own; it had also occurred to Bertie that Lionel was quite a bit older than he was, and perhaps less driven by his body's demands. In some ways an outright rejection would uncomplicate everything very quickly, yet that didn't seem to be what Lionel had in mind.

"You said you would be honest," he reminded Lionel softly.

Nodding, Lionel lowered his eyes. "I won't pretend I'm not tempted. I've been teasing myself constantly -- wouldn't it be good for him to be a bit rash, wouldn't it help him not to stop himself all the time when he wants to blurt something out, wouldn't it be noble of me to show him what good things can come of expressing himself directly? As though I don't know perfectly well that it's all an attempt to justify what I want. But I'd have to be a great fool not to know the risks involved, and Bertie, with all my heart, I want to keep you from harm. You must understand that. It's beyond practical problems like the likelihood of getting found out."

Lionel paused, lips pursed and brows drawn together, which made his expression fierce and passionate. Bertie nodded; he didn't trust himself to speak.

"I shouldn't have told you all that psychological rubbish the other day. I'm not sure I believe it, and even if I did, I said it more to protect myself from having to tell you that your presence in my life is of very great importance to me. I would do almost anything to make it continue, and since I'm supposed to be teaching you self-reliance, I have an obvious conflict of interest. If you feel dependent on my approval or even my presence, even if it has nothing to do with your confidence in speaking, then I'm not doing my job. My job is to know when to help you and when to step back so you see what you can do on your own."

Grief washed over Lionel's face, so quickly that Bertie wasn't entirely sure that that was what it had been. He wondered whether something had happened to one of those boys in Australia who'd come back from the front, something for which Lionel had blamed himself. "Suppose I were to tell you I trust you..." Bertie began.

"It's very kind, but I'm trying to tell you that I don't trust myself." Lionel took a deep breath and let it out slowly, the way he'd taught Bertie to do. "I love you much too much to pretend otherwise."

Bertie had tears in his eyes before Lionel had stopped speaking. He tried without complete success to blink them back, nodding. Clearing his throat, he whispered, "You're very generous."

"No, I'm very selfish. I want to see you coming through that door for years to come, and that's much more likely if you believe I've always put your interests before my own." They each had their hands draped over their knees, close enough to clasp if one of them reached up, but Bertie thought Lionel might misinterpret the gesture if he squeezed his fingers, and he knew that now of all times Lionel wouldn't try to touch him. He smiled a bit, and Lionel added, "Besides, now my wife thinks that I'm preoccupied."

"Does it bother her?" Bertie paused, realizing what this meant. "She knows that I come here?"

"I've never mentioned your name to her, yet somehow she's got it in her head that I have a very high and mighty patient. She thinks it's rather exciting."

Startled, Bertie laughed. He had wondered whether the neighbors had spotted him and talked. "I hope you intend to introduce us one day. I shall have you both put on the guest list for some event or other."

"That might be a mistake. When she meets you, Myrtle will pretend not to know how we might have met, and may invite you out for tennis or bridge." Lionel smiled fondly, and Bertie found himself grinning as well.

"I'm glad you have such a wife -- you deserve it." He waited for Lionel to look at him in a semblance of innocence before continuing. "I understand everything you've said. Thank you for being honest with me. I hope you know that I would no more take advantage of my family's standing than you would of your position as my speech specialist." He waited for Lionel's nod. "But I think you should know that I can't promise to stop thinking about it. Or wondering whether someday, things might be different."

"Many things might be different. Live long enough, and you might be King." Lionel chuckled softly, but Bertie only stared, his throat tightening with the panic that word so often triggered. "Or not," Lionel added quickly. "I only meant that we can't know the future. We can only try to do our best with what we have now."

"Practice makes perfect, isn't that what you're always telling me?" asked Bertie, letting his fingers brush Lionel's before he sat back. "All right, Doctor. I'll go home to my wife and you'll go home to yours, and I daresay we'll both be happy there. For the time being. Now, help me with these tongue twisters."

I love you much too much to pretend otherwise. No one had ever expressed love to Bertie so unabashedly, not even his daughters. His chest felt warm and his throat relaxed. He would take that happiness home with him, where Elizabeth would be waiting. And he would see Lionel the next day, and the next.

"She sifted seven thick-stalked thistles through a strong, thick sieve," Bertie began, and laughed.