Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mind-Controlled Blowjob Bliss Chapter Three: Blown by the Sultry Twins
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: Neil heads to school where every girl wants to suck his dick. But a pair of twins catches his eyes. How far will Tracy and Lacy go to love his cock?
Keywords: mF mff mc inc oral anal exhib voy public wife cuck school teacher inter

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Mrs. Daniels worked her mouth up and down my cock.

The MILF from across the street was collecting her payment for letting me fuck her married pussy bent over her kitchen counter yesterday. A morning dose of my cum. She didn't care she was kneeling on the porch and that I stood in the doorway. The entire neighborhood could see her.

Thanks to my belt buckle and the word SUCK on it, women were hypnotized into thinking there was nothing greater in the world they desired than sucking my cock and drinking my cum. I had fucked my mother and both my sisters because they wanted to blow me that badly.

That's it, I groaned, the brunette woman staring up at me. She wore a light blue bathrobe. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in her mouth. Mmm, you just want that cum.

She moaned around my dick, the humming pleasure shooting down to my balls.

Yeah, you do, I groaned. Just a married whore for my cum. I bet you'd let me breed you. Knock you up and make a cuckold out of your husband for my cum.

She nodded, whimpering. She nursed with hunger, drool running down her chin. I groaned, my jeans slipping off my hips and falling down around my ankles, my belt buckle rattling. Of course, I was wearing my belt buckle.

I would wear that every day for the rest of my life.

Her lips worked up and down my cock. Those plump and succulent lips felt amazing to me. I shuddered, my dick throbbing. My boxers barely hung on to my hips, pulled down just enough for my cock to thrust out.

Her tongue danced around the tip of my cock. She held the base as she gave my dick a sloppy BJ. Drool spilled out of the corner of her lips and down her shin. She coated my shaft in her saliva. I groaned, her warm mouth bringing me closer.

Give her a lot of cum, honey, Mom called.

I will, Mom, I said, panting. I had been woken up by my mother and sisters all giving me a three-way blowjob. They were getting quite adept at sharing my cock. They liked it when I came on all their faces.

They liked to lick my cum off each other.

Don't skimp out on her, Neil, my older sister, Shelly, said. She was eighteen and a senior. I was sixteen, a junior. She was a year-and-a-half older than me. 

Lisa, my fourteen-year-old sister and the baby of the family, hugged me from behind. Give her lots of yummy cum, Neil.

I will, I groaned, Mrs. Daniels suckling with hunger.

My sister squealed then broke away and darted back into the house. She was a freshman. We were all going to the same school for the first time since we were kids.

I groaned as Mrs. Daniels swirled her tongue around the crown of my cock. The pressure built and built there. Her tongue was incredible. She knew just how to love a dick. She had skill giving blowjobs. I grabbed a fistful of her brown hair.

Fuck, yes, I panted, the pressure in my nuts swelling. You ready for that mouthful of jizz?

She nodded, moaning. Her green eyes were alive with her desire.

She bobbed her head and sucked hard. Her tan cheeks hollowed as she slid up my cock, the suction at its strongest. Then she slid down my shaft again, my tip brushing the back of her throat. Her tongue stroked my shaft, dancing.

My balls ached. The pressure in them swelled. I groaned. Not only did women need to suck my dick, but I had unlimited stamina. I spent all day yesterday cumming into one of my family member's holes. Whether Mom's cunt, Lisa's mouth, or Shelly's asshole, I basted them all in my cum. 

With a brief detour to Mrs. Daniels's fine pussy.

Shit! I gasped as she sucked up my cock. The pressure hit the pinnacle at the tip of my dick.

I erupted.

Mrs. Daniels! I howled out to the neighborhood.

I spurted blast after blast of cum into her mouth. She groaned, her cheeks bulging as more and more of my cum flooded her mouth. She closed her eyes, satisfied moans rising from her. Then she gulped down my cum as I fired more.

Pleasure slammed into my mind with each one. My body shook and back arched. I growled out my delight as the married MILF swallowed her breakfast of my manly batter. She shuddered, her eyes squeezing shut.

Then I was empty.

Fuck, I panted.

She slid her mouth off my cock and moaned, When can I suck your dick again.

We'll see, I panted. Maybe when you're ovulating and I can put a baby in you.

But I'm on the pill, she moaned.

Get off it. 

Her eyes widened. I will! I'll get off of it! Just... just let me suck your cock this afternoon.

You bring me your pills and toss them in the trash before me and I will, I told her, reveling in my power over her.

Definitely, she moaned and stood up. She licked her lips, gathering up some cum. Thank you.

She whirled around and hurried across the street. Her husband was heading out to his car, his briefcase in hand, a tall thermos of coffee in the other. He set that on the roof as he opened the odor. He glanced over at his wife.

As I stuffed my cock away and pulled up my jeans, she hugged him and kissed him on the mouth like she would any other morning. I shuddered. Did he know what his wife had been doing? As I buckled up, she broke away and headed into their house.

Mr. Daniels saw me and waved.

I waved back, grinning. I would breed his wife. Fuck, I loved this belt buckle.

Mom drove us to our school today. Normally, Shelly would drive her own car and I'd get a ride with Eric, my best friend. Lisa had to ride the bus or would pout and Eric would let her ride with us. But the girls had drawn straws or something and Shelly won the car ride BJ.

I was more than happy to let my older sister suck my cock. Her tongue stud was a thing of beauty sliding on my cock. The women of my family needed to have priority access to my dick. I wanted to breed them all, too. But they were my mom and sister, so I had to be responsible.

I was the man of the house, after all. Dad had passed away. It was up to me to take care of them. And that meant letting them drink my cum as often as possible.

Fuck, Shelly, I groaned, spurting jizz into my sister's mouth as Mom pulled up before our high school. 

My older sister swallowed down all my cum with hunger. I groaned, savoring the rush. It was amazing. I groaned, students streaming around the car to get to classes as I dumped load after load of jizz into Shelly's maw.

She sucked me dry and slid her lips off of my cock. Mmm, thanks, Neil. That'll get me through the day.

Yeah, I panted as she opened the door while I buckled up.

Make sure you give your sisters cum, Mom said. On breaks or something. Especially Lisa.
I will, Mom, I said. And you just be ready to blow me when you get home from work tonight.

I will, she moaned. Love you.

I climbed out of the car and a pair of freshman girls I didn't know squealed excitedly at the sight of me. They started whispering, their eyes shooting down to my crotch. SUCK gleamed in shiny, chrome letters on my wide belt buckle. 

Sup, I said to them.

They giggled even louder, red in the face.

I hefted my schoolbag and headed for the front doors. I felt those freshmen girls following me. Then a senior girl appeared on my left side. She licked her lips, her eyes staring down at my belt buckle. Her lips were so plump and ruby red.

Want to suck my dick, huh? I asked.

God, yes, she moaned. Can I?

No, no, let me suck your dick, Martha moaned. She was a girl I had in several classes. Her round face had a huge smile on it. Neil, I want it.

I wouldn't mind, said a shy-looking girl with glasses and wearing a baggy blouse.

Geez, Neil, you got to let me suck your dick, said Janet. She was an open lesbian. She smacked her lips. I'll do it good. Just let me nurse. I need that cum.

What would your girlfriend think? I asked her.

She'd be jealous that I got to suck your cock and not her, Janet said.

God, I loved this belt buckle.

There were so many choices. Girls were clustering around me, my dick so hard as I entered the school building. The crowded hallways became worse as the girls pressed in around me, their hands reaching out to rub at my crotch or fumble at my belt.

Let me suck your dick, Neil! one called out.

No, no, I'll make you cum the hardest!

Please, please, just let me gobble your knob! 

You know I give the best BJs, Neil. Just ask the football team.
 
I want to drink all your cum, Neil! 

Neil! 

Neil! 

Please, Neil! 

Who to choose? I had thirty or more girls around me, most of them I didn't even know that well. They ranged from nervous freshman to confident seniors. My dick was so hard. I wanted one of them to love my cock. But which.

And then two of the girls wormed through the crowd. They were nearly identical to each other. Tracy the cheerleader and her twin sister Lacy. I groaned at the sight of them. Tracy was the more wholesome-looking girl in her cheer outfit, the blue, sleeveless top had a diagonal slash of silver across it, the material hugging her round breasts. Her skirt was a mix of blue and silver pleats, her thighs peeking out lithe beneath. Lacy wore her hair in a pixyish bob and had a sapphire nose stud that gave her a wild look. She wore jeans with a few tears and a belly shirt that showed off her midriff.

Well, well, well, I said, staring at Tracy. I'm curious what a cheerleader can do with a cock.

Ooh, I'll suck your cock so good, Tracy moaned.

Well, muttered Lacy, rolling her blue eyes. Not good.

And what are you going to do for that honor? I asked her. There was time before the first class. And if I was late, well, I had Mrs. Jun for my first period. I would just let her suck my dick if she was mad. That would soothe her.

I'd do anything, Neil, Tracy said, licking her lips.

Would you eat out your sister's cunt while I fucked your pussy? I asked.

Of course! Tracy said. She turned to her sister. Drop those pants and panties. I got to eat you out.

What? Lacy gasped, her face blanching. We're sisters. That's incest. I'm not letting you munch on my cunt.

Well, then you don't get to suck my cock, I told Lacy.

She stared at me. A shiver ran through her. Then she attacked the waistband of her jeans. What are you waiting on, Tracy, get to munching my cunt.

I loved this belt buckle.

The other girls were disappointed, but they were still clustered around like they hoped something would change and I would let them blow me instead. But there was one girl above all others I wanted to fuck at my high school: Tracy the hot cheerleader. 

Her twin sister was just icing on the cake.

Lacy shoved down her jeans and a red thong. Her shaved pussy came into view. Already beads of juices gleamed on her vulva. Around me, the other girls were shuddering and wiggling thighs. I loved the look on their faces. Guys were walking by, giving curious looks, but they didn't seem to think there was anything unusual about this.

Lacy leaned against the locker, and her twin sister fell to her knees before her. I groaned as the cheerleader pressed her face right into her sister's pussy and licked. Lacy shuddered and gasped at her first taste of twincest.

My dick throbbed. I stood transfixed by the cheerleader munching on her twin's twat. Lacy groaned, her back arching. Her sapphire nose stud gleamed in the light. Her groans rose over the existed murmurs of the watching girls.

I undid my belt buckle. A collective groan rose from the watching girls. They were all licking their lips and salivating. One freshman girl squealed and then broke into giggles as I shoved my jeans down and then my boxers.

They all groaned at the sight of my cock, hunger on their faces. 

You want my cock, I told the girls, be prepared to earn it. Your pussies and assholes need to be ready for me to enjoy.

They all squealed, Yes! or I will be or other words that washed over me.

I fell to my knees behind Tracy, watching her head move as she devoured her sister's cunt. Lacy groaned, her face twisting in passion. I flipped up Tracy's pleated skirt. She wore silver spankies beneath, the thick bloomers cheerleaders favored. I peeled those off to reveal a black thong vanishing between Tracy's butt-cheeks. Like her twin, she was clearly shaved.

I hooked the thong and yanked it to the side. The tangy aroma of her hot pussy filled my nose. I groaned at the sight of her pussy, her pink labia forming delicate petals gleaming in her nectar. I pressed my cock boldly against her twat and thrust into her.

All the watching girls sighed in envy.

Neil! Tracy moaned into her twin's cunt.

Fuck her hard! Lacy groaned. I want to suck your cock!

Me, too, Tracy purred.

I smiled as I sank into the cheerleader's cunt. I enjoyed sliding inch after inch of my dick into her twat. I reveled in her hot twat squeezing about my dick. She had such a perfect pussy. She held me tight. Made me groan in delight.

Fuck, I groaned, savoring that delight. Damn, you got a pussy on you, don't you?

Mmm, never had complaints, Tracy moaned.

I shuddered as I bottomed out in her. I gripped her hips, my cock throbbing and aching in her cheerleader-snatch. This was perfect. Just what I needed to feel. I shuddered, reveling in every last moment of being in her cunt. I just let my dick soak in her pussy for a moment.

Then I drew back. I groaned as her tight snatch gripped me. She moaned into her twin's cunt. I looked up at Lacy, her head leaned back, pleasure on her face. She shuddered, enjoying her sister's licking. I smiled and slammed back into Tracy.

Let me see those tits, Lacy, I panted as I pumped away at her twin's cunt.

Sure, Neil, she moaned and then pulled up her belly shirt and let it bunch beneath her arms. She had on a red bra with a black bow. She pushed up the cups next, her round, teenage titties spilling out. The same tits that Tracy had.

I groaned and fucked hard into the cheerleader's cunt while ogling her twin's breasts. My dick throbbed in the cheerleader's poon, her tight snatch squeezing about my cock. The pleasure rushed through me while the horde of girls watched on in envy.

Tracy moaned louder. She clutched her sister's hips as she devoured that cunt. I loved the sight, my cock burying into her juicy twat. Her pussy massaged the crown. The pressure built and built with every thrust into her cunt. Every plunge into her hot twat brought me closer to that moment of eruption.

How's her pussy licking? I asked.

Amazing, groaned Lacy. Oh, my god, that's hot. She's good. Mmm, your price to suck your dick is a pleasurable one.

I winked at her as I buried hard into Tracy's cunt.

She taste's so good, moaned Tracy. Mmm, we got to do this again, sis.

Yes! Lacy gasped, her boobs jiggling.

I slammed hard into Tracy. Her bubbly butt jiggled with the impacts. Her hot pussy massaged the tip of my cock, bringing me closer and closer to erupting. I would fire so much cum into her snatch. It would be amazing. 

My balls tightened as I plunged into her cunt over and over again. I buried into that tight snatch with hunger. I filled her up with my dick. It was amazing. Her pussy clenched down on me, holding me with such passion.

God, I'd let Neil fuck me to suck his dick, a girl moaned.

Right? He can even have my ass! 

I'd eat my mother's cunt for the honor. 

Mmm, I'd eat yours! 

Neil, Neil, let me suck your dick! I don't care if it's covered in Tracy's pussy cream!

I smiled, loving their words. I groaned, burying harder and harder into Tracy's cunt, my orgasm building. Lacy moaned, her face twisting. Tracy groaned, her cunt squeezing about my cock as I plowed into her hard and fast.

I slammed into her and she gasped. Her pussy went wild around my cock. She squealed into her sister's pussy while her cunt convulsed and spasmed around my cock. Pleasure surged through me. This amazing bliss shuddered through my body.

Fuck! I growled, burying into the cheerleader's cunt. Damn, Tracy, you're a slut!

God, she is! Lacy moaned. Oh, Tracy! Tracy! Yes!

Lacy's head smacked into the back of the locker. The metal rattle mixed with her moans as she bucked through what had to be her orgasm. Tracy was licking up her sister's cream while her pussy massaged my dick.

I buried to the hilt in her cunt, her twat rippling and writhing around me. That amazing snatch massaged my cock. It was incredible. I groaned, savoring the heat of it. The pleasure rippled around my cock in such an exciting way.

Fuck! I howled. 

I spurted over and over into her cunt. I basted her pussy in my jizz. Pleasure slammed into my mind as I enjoyed the hottest cheerleader in my high school. I plastered her snatch with every drop of cum I had in my balls.

I rode the ecstasy. It carried me higher and higher as her pussy milked my dick. I shuddered, savoring this thrill. It was so hot. Lacy moaned with me, her teenage titties heaving. She gripped the back of her sister's head, holding her twin to her twat.

Oh, god, Lacy moaned. Oh, fuck, Tracy! That's so good.

I shuddered and then pulled my cock out of Tracy's cunt, panting. The cheerleader ripped her head from her twin's cunt, pussy cream spilling down her chin. She stared at my cock. I get to suck your dick now, Neil?

Yeah, I groaned and then leaned up against the locker, my jeans around my ankles. All the girls were staring at my dick like a pride of hungry lionesses. They wanted to feast.

As if sensing that one of those hotties could pounce and steal her meal, Tracy crawled over and engulfed my cock into her mouth like she were a Hoover vacuum cleaner. I gasped at the force of her suction.

Shit, I groaned, my head banging back against the locker. Goddamn, Tracy. My eyes flicked to Lacy. Lick out my cum from your sister's cunt. Then you'll get to suck my dick, too.

Yes! she moaned and moved behind her sister. She grabbed Tracy's butt-cheeks and ducked low. Nose stud gleaming, Lacy went for her twin's snatch.

Tracy groaned around my cock, letting me know the precise moment Lacy licked. I smiled as the twin devoured her sister's pussy and my cum. I stared into Lacy's blue eyes as she feasted on that incestuous creampie.

My dick throbbed in Tracy's mouth. She bobbed her head, sucking with hunger on my cock. She worshiped me with fervor. It was different from Mrs. Daniels's blowjob or my sister's in the car ride over here. 

Tracy needed her first taste of my cum. She begged for it with the force of her suction. She moaned as she polished my dick clean of her pussy cream. Her lips bobbed up and down my cock. She nursed on me with hunger.

I groaned, loving every second of her hot mouth on my dick. Her tongue danced over it. I groaned, enjoying this pleasure. My cock throbbed. She slid those lips up and down my cock. She nursed on me with a passion.

Damn, I groaned. How's that creampie, Lacy.

Yummy, she moaned. I can't wait to try your cum right from the source.

Me, too! Janet the lesbian moaned. 

Cum in my mouth! 

You can cum on my face, Neil! 

On my tits! I have great tits! The girl who said that, a senior I didn't know, shoved up her shirt and bra, her round and perky mounds spilling out.

Fuck, those are great tits, I groaned. We'll see. Right now... Damn, I have Tracy loving my cock.

Tracy did. She moaned as she bobbed her head. My cock brushed the back of her throat before she slid back up my shaft again. Her twin feasted on her cunt, devouring all my cum out of Tracy's snatch. It was so hot to watch. 

I bet she had her tongue deep in Tracy's cunt.

Then Tracy blew me away. She bobbed her head again, my cock reaching the back of her throat, but this time she kept going. The slut deep-throated me. It was amazing. I groaned at the feeling. I shuddered, my heart pounding with such passion. This was incredible to experience. I growled out my delight, my heart pounding in my chest as I enjoyed this bliss. 

Her lips slid farther and farther down my shaft. I slid down her gullet. She moaned, her humming delight buzzing around my dick. It was incredible to feel. I loved every moment of it. My cock throbbed in her throat as her lips kissed my pubic hair.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's fucking amazing, Tracy. Damn, you're a slut.

She winked at me and moaned.

She sucked back up my cock. She nursed with hunger while Lacy feasted on her twin's creampie. She just ate all that spunk out of her. It was incredible to experience. I loved every second of this. My dick throbbed and ached.

She worked her mouth up until her lips were sealed around the crown of my cock. She danced her tongue around the spongy tip. I groaned, head banging back into the locker. The metal gong echoed around us.

Shit, yes! I groaned, my face scrunching up. Oh, goddamn, that's good. That's fucking what I need.

Mmm, make him cum, sis, moaned Lacy. And I'll do this. She suckled.

Tracy squealed.

She nursed hard on my cock, her tongue playing with my tip. I groaned, my eyes locked on that senior's tits. She kneaded them. Squeezed them. Then a freshman girl flashed me, her breasts little mounds of budding delight. 

This was so hot. So incredible. My face twisted in passion, Tracy sucking for all her might while her sister had to be nursing on her clit. My dick throbbed in her mouth. I came closer and closer to erupting.

Tracy squealed around my cock.

Oh, yes, yes, drown me! moaned Lacy. Mmm, you taste so good, sis. Oh, my god, I love your pussy!

That's right! I groaned to the girls out there. Incest is fucking awesome. You want to suck my dick, you have to love incest!

They all squealed at my proclamation. I shuddered and groaned, my heart thundering in my chest. Tracy sucked so hard while she moaned. Her passion and the pressure of her nursing mouth reached to my balls.

The cum in them rose to a hot boil. I groaned, savoring this delight. My hands balled into fists. The ache rose and rose at the tip of my cock. My nuts tightened. I hit that point of no return, every muscle in my body tensing in anticipation.

Hell, yes!

I erupted.

The watching girls cheered as I pumped spurt after spurt of cum into Tracy's mouth. She gulped it down with hunger. I basted her mouth, stars bursting across my vision. The back of my head smacked over and over into the locker.

Shit, shit, shit! I groaned.

Drink that cum, sis! Lacy panted.

Tracy suckled out every drop of jizz I had ready in my balls. She nursed with passion, her tongue fluttering around my spurting crown. She gulped down the spunk. Her blue eyes squeezed shut as she savored it.

Is it good? Lacy moaned. Because he tastes yummy flavored by your twat.

I fired the last of my cum into Tracy's mouth. She slid off of me and groaned. It is! His cum is the best I've ever tasted!

The watching girls really cheered. They squealed. They bounced up and down, their tits heaving. Half of them had flashed me by now, all of them looking so sexy. I groaned, in heaven. I stared down at Lacy licking spunk off her sister's chin and then the pair were kissing.

I watched the twin sisters making out, their near identical  mouths working together. I smiled at it and then shook my cock. Lacy broke the kiss and stared at my dick. She let out a moan and darted her head at my cock.

She swallowed my dick and nursed happily. Her mouth felt the same as her sister's. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ten minutes later, I walked into Mrs. Jun's class.

Neil, you're late, she said. The warning bell rung seven minutes ago.

Sorry, I said. Lacy needed her cum.

Mrs. Jun studied me. A Korean teacher, she had that delicate, porcelain face of the Far East, her lips pursed tight. Her eyes were a dark brown and lashes lush. She wore a sleeveless blouse and a dark skirt, her beige pantyhose clinging to her lush calves. She was short and petite.

Well, I suppose I can forgive your tardiness, she said as she advanced on her heels, if you let me suck your dick.

Sure thing, Mrs. Jun, I said, my cock throbbing.

She was in her late twenties, married and with one kid, I thought. That made her a sexy MILF. Her short bob of black hair swayed about her face as she fell to her knees. She attacked my belt buckle while every girl in the class stared on in envy.

The guys were all grinning at me like I was the luckiest guy in the world.

Which I was.

I can see all you girls want to suck my dick, too, I said as Mrs. Jun unfastened my SUCK belt buckle and attacked the fastener of my jeans. 

The girls all nodded. Rosalita in the front row licked her lips, her dark eyes sultry.

Well, if you want to do that, I need to know if you're good at giving head, I said. So, pick a boy and blow him. I want to hear their report. Find out who's good and who's bad. So if you ever want to suck my dick...

The girls made a mad scramble to go after the guys. There was an even split. The popular guys got mobbed first, but they only had one dick. As Mrs. Jun drew out my cock, girls were on their knees unfastening boys' jeans or tugging down shorts. Even some of the nerdy guys who probably never had a girl touch their dick were getting in on the fun. Rosalita's rump faced me as she worked to free Devin's cock. Every guy had a shit-eating grin on their faces.

I grinned back.

Mrs. Jun pulled out my cock and moaned in delight. The MILF sucked my cock into her mouth with relish. Her lips slid over the crown. She moaned as she nursed on me. She sucked with hunger, her mouth bobbing up and down. She suckled on me with passion. Her hunger for my cock was outstanding.

I loved it. I savored her mouth bobbing on my cock. She worked that naughty maw up and down my dick, nursing on with all the passion she had. The married teacher stared up at me with her slanted eyes brimming with lust.

Goddamn, Devin groaned. Rosalita!

Other guys were groaning. The sounds of sucking echoed through the classroom. Fifteen or so girls were blowing fifteen or so guys. They were all on their knees, worshiping dick. I grinned at the sight of them all kneeling beneath desks.

Pleasure crossed the guy's faces. They all were groaning and moaning. Some looked shocked to be having this pleasure, others were grinning as they enjoyed that hot, warm mouth working up and down their cocks.

I glanced down at Mrs. Jun. I had the best mouth in the class. I just knew it.

That's it, Mrs. Jun, I groaned. Mmm, I'm so sorry for being late. You're going to get all the jizz you crave.

She moaned her delight, her eyes blazing.

Yes, just keep sucking like that. I love it.

She did. She twisted her head, rubbing my cock along the roof of her mouth or the inside of her cheeks. My second married woman of the day. I loved the enthusiasm of hot wives nursing on my cock. Loving me behind their husbands' backs.

She slid her mouth up and down my dick. She nursed on me with all her passion. My cock throbbed in her mouth. I ran my hand over the top of her head, caressing her as I enjoyed this amazing blowjob.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. That's it, Mrs. Jun. Just suck that dick. I bet you don't blow your husband with this much force.

She slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop. I hate sucking cock. But yours... Mmm, I'll swallow your cum.

Good, I growled.

She re-engulfed my cock. She nursed on me with hunger. I shuddered, my dick throbbing and pulsing. She swirled her tongue around my dick. She nursed on me with passion. It was incredible. I groaned, savoring that delight. My cock throbbed in her mouth.

Around the room, the other guys were moaning, too. They were enjoying getting their blowjobs from all the girls. I shared the sloppy sounds of their sucking echoing through the classroom. Their muffled moans.

Fuck, Shannon, panted James. Just suck that dick.

I can't believe this, Allie! 

Work that mouth, slut! growled Shane. Just suck that dick! 

Melissa! 

Oh, my god! groaned Ryan, one of the nerds. He pushed up his glasses. Oh, my god, Nelly, that's incredible!

The sounds were such a thrill. I loved them. I savored the joy I gave those other boys and how desperate the girls were to suck my dick. They were all slurping and sucking like Mrs. Jun did to my cock.

It wouldn't be long before guys were firing jizz into girl's mouths.

Until I was flooding Mrs. Jun's.

It was an incredible delight. I groaned, rolling my shoulders. My cock throbbed in her mouth. The pleasure shot through me. I swallowed hard. My dick twitched with passion. This was incredible. I came closer and closer to exploding.

She nursed on me with hunger. Her tongue danced around my cock. She moaned, staring up at me with passion. I loved the gleam. She nursed with such force. It was incredible. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing as I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Fuck, yes, I moaned, my dick throbbing and dancing. Oh, that's good. That's amazing. Yes!

She sucked and slurped, sensing I was close. My hand gripped the back of her head. The Korean wife nursed on me with hunger she never showed her husband. I reveled in that. My balls tightened. My heart hammered in my chest.

Oh, yes! Ryan gasped, the first to cum. Drink it! 

He was followed by James groaning, Shannon! 

It was like a chain reaction of guys popping off. They cried out the names of the girl sucking their dick or just moaned out their pleasure. The ache at the tip of my cock swelled as I heard the sounds. My heart hammered in my chest.

Allie! Yes!

Fuck, Yvette!

Take it, Rosalita! Take it, you slut!

Hell, yes! I growled and erupted into Mrs. Jun's mouth.

My cock unloaded into my teacher's hungry maw. She squeezed her eyes shut and moaned as my cum pumped into her mouth. She nursed hard, sucking out my jizz. I shuddered, my toes curling. I groaned, the pleasure surging through my body.

Rapture zapped into my mind. Ecstasy crackled across my thoughts. I groaned with every eruption. Every burst of cum into Mrs. Jun's mouth. She moaned as she suckled down my spunk. I shuddered, savoring this delight.

Damn, I groaned as she nursed out those last drops. My body felt amazing. Damn, I've wanted you to suck my cock for a while.

She winked at me.

I stared out at the boys. They were all panting while the girls were all sliding out from their desks, licking lips. Rosalita opened her mouth and showed off Devin's spunk before she closed it and gulped. She winked at me.

I did like a swallower.

Okay, I said. Boys, gather up and figure out how well the girls did. We'll find out if any of them are worthy of sucking my dick.

And what's in it for us? Shane asked, giving me a look.

Why, they're going to blow your dicks again before class is over, right girls? I asked. 

They all nodded, staring at me with dreamy looks in their eyes.

They guys all gathered over in the corner, huddling up. They were speaking excitedly, talking about the girls. They were watching me, licking lips, their eyes all hungry for my dick. Mrs. Jun was still nursing on me like she wasn't happy with just one load of cum.

Mrs. Jun, bend over the desk, I said. And hike that skirt. I'm going to fuck you in the ass. I think you got my cock nice and lubed.

She slid her mouth off my dick. Fuck me in the ass? Just who do you think you are, young man?
The guy with the dick you'll never get to suck if you don't bend over, hike your skirt, and beg me to fuck you in the ass and make you cum like a dirty whore!

She shuddered. Oh. Her smile dimpled her cheeks. Right. Well then.

She stood up and licked her lips, collecting a few errant drops of cum. She whirled on her heels, took three steps to her desk, her rump swaying, and bent over it. She drew her skirt up and up, revealing more and more of her pantyhose-clad thighs. The beige looked great on her. The pantyhose covered a pair of purple panties, the material bleeding through.

Fuck me in the ass and make me cum like a dirty whore, Neil, moaned Mrs. Jun.

The guys all glanced at me in envy. I was certain I could arrange for them to fuck Mrs. Jun. If they paid the right price. Maybe if they had a hot mom for me to fuck...?

I glanced back at Mrs. Jun and then noticed the scissors on her desk. Holding my open jeans so they wouldn't fall down my legs, I moved up behind her. I let my pants fall then, magic belt buckle rustling. I squeezed her ass, feeling the pantyhose beneath my hands.

My fingers tightened on the fabric. I gripped the material in both hands, and then I ripped it open. The fabric tore, the loud sound echoing through the classroom. She gasped and threw a look over her shoulder at me.

I winked at her.

You bad boy, she moaned.

I tore her pantyhose open wider, the rip reaching down to her crotch. You did tell me to fuck you like a whore.

Mmm, do it, she moaned. I want to suck your cock again.

You will. I picked up the scissors. Just need to get these panties out of the way.

I love that pair, she groaned. It's expensive.

Blow your husband until he buys you a new pair, I told her and hooked the gusset of her panties. I felt her silky, black bush dripping in her cream. I pulled the fabric from her twat, thrust the bottom blade of the scissors beneath.

SNIP!

The lower half of her panties fell away, exposing her black bush gleaming in her cream. I smiled and lifted the other half. It rolled over her rump and exposed her creamy curves. She had that delicious, pale-olive skin of Japan, China, and Korea. Such a sight that made my dick throb.

I just had to try her pussy first. I bent down and nuzzled into her bush. Her silky hair slid over my lips. Then I licked her. I slid my tongue through her married folds, tasting her sweet cream. She gasped, her ass clenching before my face.

Neil! she moaned.

I licked and lapped at her sweet cunt with hunger. Her bush rubbed at my face. The edges of her pantyhose brushed my cheeks as she squirmed. I caressed her folds, loving the taste of her. My dick throbbed, ready for more.

But I wanted to enjoy this cunt. To just revel in how good she tasted. She had a wonderful flavor. Her juices melted over my tongue. It was such a delight. I was so glad to enjoy this pussy. Thrilled to love her cunt.

I thrust my tongue into her sheath. She moaned as I swirled around in her cunt. I savored the taste of her married pussy. Her sweet musk coated my tongue. My taste buds drank them in. I groaned, loving every moment of this.

I had to be in her asshole. I couldn't wait any longer. Her pussy was delicious, but I was aching to cum again. But her saliva had evaporated off my cock, so I lined up my cock and pressed my dick into her bush. I found the folds of her married pussy.

Slipped inside.

Neil! she gasped. I thought you were fucking my ass.

I'm getting there, I told her, loving the feel of her tight pussy clenching down on me. 

She was hot and wet. Part of me just wanted to fuck her cunt, but I hadn't had any ass today. My dick throbbed in her pussy, getting nice and lubed for her asshole. 

After a wondrous time in her cunt, I ripped out of her twat. I slid my dripping cock up into her butt-crack. I found her asshole, loving the feeling of that puckered hole. I grinned out at the watching girls, the guys still holding their pow-wow. 

I pushed against the teacher's sphincter. She moaned as her anal ring parted. Her back arched. I planted my hands on the table as she whimpered. Her asshole surrendered. She gasped as my cock popped into her bowels.

Yes! she moaned, her tight sheath squeezing around my cock. Oh, Neil, yes! I love it up the ass!

You hate sucking cock but love anal? I asked.

Uh-huh, she moaned as I sank deeper and deeper into her bowels. Mmm, and you're bigger than my husband. Oh, yes, yes, a nice, big dick.

I shuddered as I bottomed out in her bowels. Her asshole clenched around me. I savored the sensation and drew back. Her flesh clung to me. Her velvety sheath massaged my cock. I groaned, enjoying that rough delight. My dick throbbed in her.

I rammed back into her. She gasped, her back arching. I loved the feel of her bowels squeezing about me as I pulled back. The sucking pressure on the tip of my dick sent pleasure shooting down to my balls. My cum brimmed in them.

Fuck, yes, I growled. Oh, damn, you got a tight asshole.

You have such a big dick, she moaned, her bowels clenching down on me. Oh, yes, yes, Neil! Fuck my asshole! Make me cum like a whore!

Gladly! I groaned, burying into her bowels. I pumped away at her. I slammed to the hilt in her asshole. I buried deep into her flesh, loving the way her bowels clenched around my dick.

I fucked into her hard and fast. I pumped away at her, reveling in this passion. Her flesh squeezed around me. My cum-full balls smacked into her taint. The pleasure rippled around me. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every second of burying into her flesh. I groaned, pumping hard into her flesh. 

I squeezed her hips. I buried into her again and again. I slammed hard into her bowels. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every second of it. This was such hot passion. I groaned, savoring her tight ass gripping my dick.

The girls watched. They bit their lips. They whispered. Rubbed at their tits. Squirmed. I grinned at them, eager to fuck them all. To feel their mouths on my cock. I wanted to breed them. I shuddered, remembering what I had told Mrs. Daniels.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned, burying to the hilt in Mrs. Jun's bowels. Squeeze your asshole around me.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Oh, Neil! Oh, yes! Your dick... Oh, Your dick is going to make me cum!

Good! I moaned. Let me feel that asshole spasming around my cock. I want you cumming hard!

Uh-huh! she moaned as I drilled into her bowels.

My balls smacked into her flesh. The pressure built and built and built. I groaned, slamming deep and hard into her. My heart pounded in my chest, the blood pumping hot as I sodomized my teacher. Her asshole gripped me with passion. This was incredible.

I hurtled towards my climax, my moans echoing through the room. They guys were watching now, too. Their discussion over. I shuddered, burying into Mrs. Jun's hot asshole. I reamed her out as she moaned and gasped like a whore.

Damn, I groaned, the pleasure swelling in me. Oh, damn, that's good.

It is! Her bowels clamped down hard on my cock. Oh, Neil, yes!

Her bowels writhed and spasmed around my cock.

I'm cumming! she gasped.

Like an anal whore! I growled, slamming into the heaven of her writhing bowels. Her flesh convulsed around me. She suckled at me.

Then I groaned and spurted into her anal depths. I erupted over and over again. Pleasure slammed into my mind. It was this amazing delight. I shuddered, my cock spurting my jizz over and over again. It was amazing to enjoy.

Oh, Neil! she moaned. Mmm, fire that cum!

I did. I pumped Mrs. Jun's asshole full of my jizz. I growled as the bliss burst through me. I threw back my head and groaned as her bowels milked my dick. She wrung out every drop of cum ready in my nuts. I shuddered and panted.

The guys applauded. They wolf-whistled and cheered me on. I grinned at them, feeling like I was king of the world. My dick throbbed in her bowels. I drew back my cock and groaned. I shuddered at the feel of her flesh sucking at my withdrawing shaft.

Then I was free. My cock bobbed before me, my dick twitching with my heartbeat.

Okay, I groaned, who's the best cock-sucker in class.

We think it's Rosalita, Devin said. She's certainly the hottest.

Rosalita beamed. The Hispanic girl stepped forward, looking so excited. 

Well, I said, come suck my dirty dick and get that cum you crave.

Yes, Neil! she squealed and darted over.

Oh, yes, I loved my belt buckle. I don't know how it mind-controlled all these girls and women into worshiping my dick. I really didn't care. I just enjoyed the results. 

To be continued...
