In my final year at University it was a challenge to balance studying, meeting course requirements and working to cover the rent and bills.
Most of the time I managed to make it work holding good grades while operating on too much coffee and very little sleep, though eventually I found some of my courses slipping, with one in particular proving to be a concern.
My final economics module was essential to my degree, and as such the falling grades needed drastic attention.
An appointment was made with the supervising Professor to discuss the decline in grades and performance.
Professor Tom was a mid fifties Englishman, and head of the Economics faculty.
A life long batchelor, Tom was tall with a lean runners build and thinning grey hair.
He clearly prioritised taking care of himself and his physical appearance.
Tom was friendly and approachable and had an open door policy towards students that needed some faculty input, and seemed to have extra time for the young men on the course.
With this in mind I made a point of wearing a tight slim fit t-shirt, and some casual jeans.
The t-shirt showed off my lean toned body and the soft material felt great on my nipples, which had responded in kind.
Firm and noticeable in the mirror, as I made my way out the door.
I arrived at Tom's office and grabbed a seat opposite him, his desk separating the two of us.
We exchanged pleasantries and started to discuss the areas where I needed to improve, all the while I noticed Tom's eyes admiring my t shirt, and my firm nipples.
It looked like he was enjoying the view.
With a mountain of work for me to catch up we agreed to a timeline that was slightly late compared to my classmates, though would not see me being unduly penalised.
Though one in-class test was still overdue, and no practical chance to do it within school hours, Tom suggested I take the test the coming Saturday afternoon.
We fixed a time at 2pm, and I made my way out of the office.
Catching a glimpse of Tom checking me out from behind as I left the room.
Saturday morning arrived and I hadn't had the time to study.
I emailed Tom letting him know I wouldn't be able to make the test.
He replied inviting me to his apartment, to take the test in a more relaxed environment, stressing the mark needed to be recorded by the end of this coming weekend.
I noted his address and replied that I would be there before 2pm.
I decided to wear a nice tight t-shirt once again and some casual athletic shorts, a black jockstrap underneath visible through the thin white material of the shorts.
Arriving at Tom's we headed into the living area, where some papers were set out on the dining table.
I could see Tom checking out my ass, from the mirror reflection, and was sure that he could see my jockstrap outline as well.
Smiling to myself I asked Tom if he liked the view.
Initially caught off guard Tom was quick to reply that the view looked delicious, and he moved in behind me, reaching out to slowly rub his hand over my ass.
The thin material of the athletic shorts the only barrier between direct skin on skin contact.
I let out a light moan of approval as I pushed my ass back into Tom, taking his free hand I pulled it around to my chest, letting him explore my nipples, while his other hand was now firmly stroking my ass.
Tom started to lightly nibble my ear, his tongue exploring my neck as he gently sucked and bit his way around my neck.
This was instantly arousing and I could feel my cock straining against the jockstrap.
Tom's hand had slipped down to the waist of my shorts.
Pulling on the drawstring he soon pushed my shorts down, leaving me standing there in my jockstrap and t-shirt.
My naked ass now able to feel Tom's firm hand squeezing and caressing as his remaining hand pulled at my t-shirt.
Picking up on the hint I helped to pull my t-shirt off, now naked except for my jockstrap.
Tom asked me to follow him, as he took my hand to lead me from the living room, down the hallway.
We entered his bedroom, a large king sized bed immaculately presented with crisp white linen, the focus of the room.
Standing in front of Tom, I watched as he undressed.
His lean frame defined and smooth, his eight inch uncut firm and erect, springing up as he removed his boxers.
We embraced, Tom's tongue searching my mouth, beginning a long and passionate dance with my tongue as he pressed his body into me.
His rigid cock rubbing up against my restrained cock, the thin material of the jockstrap the only separation between them.
Tom asked me to lie down on the edge of the bed, as I did so, he knelt at the foot of the bed.
Taking a firm grip on my calves, Tom pushed my legs apart and back towards my shoulders.
Lifting and exposing my ass at the same time.
The first touch from Tom's tongue on my exposed ass hole sent waves of pleasure through my body.
Light initial touches gave way to a strong and forceful probing of my ass.
His tongue driving deeper and deeper as his hands pulled my ass cheeks open wide.
My body was responding to Tom's tongue.
The pleasure flowing through my body added to the overall feeling of lust as my body became more receptive to Tom's touch.
Soon Tom moved up the bed towards me, my wet hole momentarily void of attention until he eased a long finger deep inside me.
Then a second finger started to probe my hole as Tom's mouth latched on to my right nipple, sucking and biting in equal measure.
Sending more waves of pleasure through my body once more.
I let Tom know how good it felt, having him finger my ass while sucking on my nipples.
Taking a moment to pause, Tom asked me to move up on the bed, as he removed his fingers, and climbed up the bed between my thighs.
Taking some lube, Tom generously coated his raw cock, before returning his attention to my open hole.
Working more lube into me, as he slowly stroked his cock.
Our eyes locked in a long and deliberate connection, communicating without speaking.
My tacit permission given for what was about to occur.
Picking up on my subtle smile and the willingness of my body, Tom positioned his shaft at my hole, teasing my naked hole with his raw cock before he gently applied pressure, his cock head pushing into me.
My well lubed hole offered only minor resistance, before Tom's cock head worked its way inside.
Tom paused to let my body adjust before slowly working his cock deeper into me.
Each inch stretching me.
Each inch adding waves of pleasure as my body became accustomed with his size.
Before long Tom was leaning down and kissing me, my arms wrapped tightly around his neck pulling him into me, as he started to work his long shaft into my body.
I let Tom know how good his cock felt inside me and was delighted when Tom replied, letting me know how good it felt to be inside my ass, how good my ass felt wrapped around his cock like a velvet glove and how being raw was adding to his feeling of erotic pleasure.
We continued to kiss as Tom increased his tempo.
Pushing his cock deeper into me with each thrust, his hips working double time as he continued to fuck my ass passionately.
My cock was rigid though still constrained by my jockstrap, heavy with cum and looking for a release.
As was Tom, who informed me he was about to cum, shifting his body weight away from me, slowly pulling his cock out.
Our eyes met as I told Tom he could cum in me, telling him I wanted to feel his hot load hit inside me.
This pushed Tom over the edge, forcing his cock deep into me as the first spurt of cum was released deep in my welcoming ass.
Tom's orgasm swept through his body as he continued to pump his cum deep inside my raw hole.
After taking a moment to catch his breath, Tom gently eased his way out of my ass, some cum leaking out as his cock left the confines of my tight hole.
Excusing himself to freshen up, I pulled my jockstrap off, my rigid cock finally free.
I started stroking my cock pulling my foreskin down and letting the crisp cool air hit my exposed cock head.
Tom rejoined me, his towel thrown on to a chair, as he smiled watching me stroke my cock.
Joining me on the bed once more, Tom moved my hand off my shaft, before lowering his mouth on to my cock.
Taking all seven inches at once, his tongue dancing along my shaft as he let out a gentle humming moan as he started to suck me off.
Tom's oral skills were sublime.
Coupled with the built up need for release and it wasn't long before I felt my orgasm rapidly approaching.
I let Tom know I was about to cum, and taking a firm grip on my balls and pushing my cock further down his throat, Tom worked me over until I couldn't hold back any longer.
Delivering my load deep in his mouth, every last drop savoured by Tom before he slowly released my still erect cock.
We started to kiss again, as Tom lay down with me.
The taste of my cum fresh on his lips and tongue.
Tom pulled me on top of him. Straddling his hips I leaned forward as we kissed, his hardening cock pressing against my thigh.
Pleasantly surprised l commented on his rapidly hardening cock, asking Tom if he fancied being inside my ass again.
The brief pause followed by his tongue deep in my mouth and hands pressing my hips towards his cock, made it clear what was going to happen.
Passing me the lube, I reached back to apply a generous amount to my used hole, and an equal amount over Tom's now hard cock.
Tom started to lift his hips up, as I positioned his cock head against my hole.
Pushing back on Tom's cock, my ass started to open up as his shaft moved up inside me.
I was loving the feeling of being filled by Tom's cock and let him know.
This seemed to light a switch and he started thrusting his hips hard into me, the feeling of ecstasy each time his cock head teased my prostate was enough to have me constantly moaning in pleasure.
We continued to fuck in a passionate embrace. My ass getting serviced by Tom's strong cock, while our tongues wrestled with each other, my moans of pleasure filling the room.
Our lips barely parting.
Tom's body tensed under me, his orgasm once again approaching.
Letting out a deep moan as he came, Tom started to pump his second load of the day deep into my ass.
Sucking on his neck as he came, I made sure to squeeze my ass tightly around his cock, occasionally releasing the pressure before tensing once again.
Tom shuddered as he completely emptied his load in me.
The next few moments were near silent.
Tom's heavy breathing the only sound filling the room which moments earlier had been a symphony of primal erotic moans.
The air was still heavy with the scent of our fucking. Our bodies spent and worn out.
We showered together before returning to the bedroom.
As I started to dress, slipping my jockstrap back on, Tom whistled and asked when he could see me again.
Smiling as I pulled on my t shirt, and slipped on my shorts, I replied letting him know that it would depend on the grade I received for my paper.
The following Monday an email informed me my grade was a A-.
Looks like Tom would be seeing me very soon.