On one night we were having threesome as usual, it was total dark, I was poking my shaft in jiju's ass, and he was fucking my sister in missionary position. Her thighs were touching my hands as, she had raised her legs and was in jiju's shoulders, and I was enjoying touch of her naked thighs. All of a sudden, there was thud sound in the room. All were startled by the sound and in panic didi switched on the light to see what the sound was, the files were kept in the evening on parapet had slipped as they were and may be not properly kept. There was sighing of relief. Then, I realized I could see my dear sister totally nude and the scene was erotic really. My 22 years old most beautiful didi sprawled on the bed. And for the first time, I was seeing the naked female body, which was a real beauty. Her hairs spread on the cot, which were undone. Her face had beads of perspiration due to the marathon we were doing and I could see her breasts standing on her beautiful chest like two round shaped pyramids and totally flat tummy. Not even a single ounce of extra fat on it. A deep navel deserved licking, my eyes traveled to her thigh joint. There, I found a beautiful vagina recently shaved, had small growing hairs on it, still the opening was wide due to recent fucking and two slender legs, creamy in color hair less and smooth deserved to be caressed throughout the life. I saw her full body may be within few seconds but looked like eternity. By the time sister became aware of the things already damage was done, I had seen her total glory and the treasure she hid from me for all the years were just uncovered and she immediately switched off the bed lamp. Now jiju was also became aware of what happened and smilingly said, what is the fun of switching the light after shoeing everything to him and letting him enjoying the beautiful scene of his life, is it not Shree (my pet name). By reflux action, I said yes and said you could leave the light on at least a small one so the things could be easier. Sis protested but jiju was reluctant and switched on the bed lamp. Didi closed her eyes and covered her face. Now jiju re arranged her body and with lot of pleadings by didi to switch off the light, jiju neglected her and took his missile and launched on her opening started entering her. I lined up to his inviting ass and started entering his right and warm hole. The pleasure of fucking in the dim light was more thrilling. We had more speed and now I took my right palm, placed on her left boob, and started caressing her, jiju saw it and encouraged to knead it. I did not last very long with the over excitement filled jiju's ass hole with my warm cum and he was still pounding her with what he was worth. I just rolled on the bed beside my didi and tried to catch my breath, it was the first time I remained in the room after my ejaculation otherwise, and I usually emerged from the room to give the privacy specially to my sis. Now I was seeing a live b. F. I was mesmerized by the beauty lying under jiju and being fucked nicely. With every stroke, her tight boobs were moving in nice rhythm. She was moaning loudly and the whole room was filled with fucking music of thup thup. Her nice shaped legs were bent like hairpin what a beauty she is, her entire body is like milk soft body not a single hair on it except two or three small hairs around her areola. Now I was enjoying looking at her nude body and was excited really by looking my own sister and for the first time I lusted after her, I felt like touching her caress her body even I felt like making love to her. Any person looking at her will definitely look her twice and look with eyes full of lust. Now I was seeing her full nude and being fucked beside me. How is possible to ignore such a beauty and can't lust, I am also human being brother or not. I was getting erection by mere look of them and I decided to have her, even if she does not like then also I wanted to fuck her at any cost. I was little bothered about jiju s reaction. 
When jiju's thrusts became fast and didi's moans increased and for the last time jiju gave final stroke and fell over her after the long fucking session. When they were cool and regained energy, didi turned to my side and saw me. She closed her face with shame and asked me to leave the room right now and you are not supposed to see his sister like this. I said I am tired and want some rest, but she urged me to go out as she is embarrassed and she tried to find some cloth to cover herself but suddenly I caught hold of her, and said why you don't relax. There is nothing hidden in your body and you need not conceal anything from me. What do you say jiju, he said yes what is there to hide we are family and since almost a month we are enjoying blissful sex may be in the darkness, but what we are doing is sex only, and that too with mutual consent. That too on your suggestion, and all of us knew that on or another day we were supposed see each other. It's ok for me, if you see her. This was enough for me to proceed, I made her stand nude, and I ogled at her. I took a round around her and saw with inspecting eyes, today was total different day for, u was seeing nude beauty with my bare eyes in fact I had seen couple of B. F. But I had never taken interest in them, as my line of interest is totally different. But what I was witnessing is different, now I was looking physically that too with such close proximity, it was none other than my own sister whom I never had even dreamed also. It became almost unbearable by her, she ran to the bathroom and bolted inside. I don't know what her feeling was. Whether she felt ashamed of being seen by her own brother, or guilt or she was embarrassed by my look as I was seeing her as if she is some commodity and was inspecting before buying, or she was in total confusion. But surely, I desired her. I didn't have any guilt or any other feelings than just lust after some female. I straight away went to room even without cleaning myself I rolled over the bed and started dreaming to fuck her. 
Next time the scene was almost same, I was taken in darkness, as jiju plugged her hole and I went behind him to take him. He switched on the bed lamp, position was same she was half on cot and half was raised above her and folded her legs. I was witnessing second round of her beauty in my life. The bulb was emitting high illumination, I thought jiju had changed the bulb. Didi closed her eyes and didn't try to hide her assets. Now I lined up myself and slowly entered already lubed shit hole which was waiting for me, as I sank to the hilt and started moving in slow rhythm still didi's eyes were covered by her palm. Now my hands progressed towards her to catch hold her unsagged, round and beautiful breasts. I took them in each hands and I exclaimed that how nice are, and I continued didi I am pressing you boobs, can I pinch nipples and started tweaking them as I was pulling she started shivering and moaning like hell I too started humping and in unison jiju was hammering her. Now she opened her eyes and looked straight into my eyes for which I smiled mischievously, she reciprocated with a smile. When the session was completed, we rolled on each side of didi. She got up from the bed, before she moved I caught her hand and pulled towards me, she was startled by unexpected move by her brother, and she almost fell on me. Didi requested me to leave her but my grip was tight and I asked her to stay some more time. Didi please give me a kiss and go, she was hesitant or may be not willing, and she looked at jiju who was still lying beside her. He nodded to go ahead, as I got green signal I neared my mouth to hers, she was trying to escape but I didn't leave her and slowly I carried myself near her by now she closed her eyes in anticipating smooch.   
Last edited by sexyshree49 : 17th December 2011 at 04:23 PM.

But I wanted her consent, as nothing happened she waited for few seconds and nothing did happen, wondering what she opened her eyes. I pleaded nothing more than a soulful kiss and you can go. She didn't know how to react but she parted her lips that were enough invitation for me though there was no verbal. I was assured by her gesture as consent, and I placed my lips over hers holding her head. First, she shivered, very fast recovered, and became quite, I started kissing her lips, sucked honey and she too responded for few seconds, and before I understood, she slipped away from grip and ran to bathroom to hide herself. I couldn't dare to look jiju, as I was threatened but before I moved to my room he patted my shoulder without caring to answer him I entered into my room and locked myself and I was too nervous as I was just carried away that too in presence of jiju. 
Next day jiju and aunty left for marriage of jiju's cousin, son of aunt's sister who was close to jiju and they had to leave behind my didi to look after Prema who could not go due to her exams. I left in the morning as usual to shop and Prema to college. By 12 noon there was some riot of Hindu - Muslim and stone pelting and one boy was stabbed due to that curfew was imposed. So, I closed the shop and returned home. By the rime didi was bit tensed due to riot, as she saw me coming she sighed of relief. And came and hugged me are you safe that's all she said, I tried your mobile but you didn't respond so I was worried because here most of the time innocents are the victims. I tightened the grip around her, kissed her forehead, and said thanks for your concern didi, we remained in the same position for some time, and I was feeling her bosoms on my chest, though we were fully clothed I felt nice. My cock started rising, didi kissed my both the cheeks and broke the hug. As soon as she left, she took mobile and dialed Prema, enquired about her safety and advised her not go out of the campus and told about the riot. And said as soon as her exam is over, call her on phone. So that Shreesh (my pet name) will come and take you home. Pammy (Prema's nick name) said everything is ok in the campus and she assured didi that, she will not go out and will take food in the canteen itself and exam will be over by 5 O' clock. If everything is ok, she will come on her own & if any help is needed, she will call us but didi insisted that Shreesh will come and pick you up and not supposed come on her own. 
So, all were relieved of the tension. I asked for coffee and didi prepared coffee and by the time I changed my cloths, came to hall, and switched on TV, didi came and joined me both of finished coffee and we started watching TV. After some time I kept my head on didi's lap and started watching which was not un usual, I was habitant of watching TV by placing head on whoever was near including aunty except Prema. We were chit chatting on some usual talks, when I turned my head to say something to didi I felt her balls on my face though fully clothed in nighty. I did not say anything but stared at her beautiful bosom and concentrated more on boobs than that TV. I could feel that she is not wearing anything underneath. After some time I purposely started touching her boob with my face initially, she was not aware but when she sensed that, she wanted to rise in pretext of cooking but I didn't let her go. What is there in hurry we are free for today and you can cook leisurely. Then I placed my hand around her back and still lying on her lap we were watching TV as well chit chatting. She was playing with the remote and it fell on the ground. She bent to collect then her right nipple came into my mouth, I sipped it and when she came to know she tried to pull her nipple from my mouth, but I gulped her ball as far as I could and pulled her head so that she can't get up without losing my grip. It was the first time I was sucking her boob though it was covered by cloth, it felt nice.    
Last edited by sexyshree49 : 8th December 2010 at 06:54 PM.
R
Thumbs up	didi agreed for a kiss
Unintentionally a moan escaped from her mouth. Somehow, she freed her tit and really wanted to raise now but I had grip like vice. Now I got up and sat beside her still holding her, I asked for a kiss she said no but I said Immediately I want one, after lot of hesitation she said will you leave me after a kiss. Surely, if it's wholehearted one is enough for now. 
She - means? 
Me - nothing. Promise
Me - promise. At last she agreed and gave me a kiss it lasted very long our tongues were fighting with each other then she left me high and dry. But I had to keep quite as I had promised. She went to kitchen and prepared food. When she called for food I went to dining both started food silently, it was painful to eat silently, she had some guilty conscience now I broke silence and started talking in which she didn't take active role but just nodding her head. After some time I started telling jokes and her mood lightened a little. Somehow, we finished food and after I invited for watching TV but she said she needs some rest. After half an hour, electricity went, as it was summer her sleep was broken and my TV was shut off. I was getting bored, but I could do nothing for that, as I could not go out due to curfew. Didi came out of room and she sat down on the same sofa. She looked she was off the tension. Slowly we went on chit chatting, somehow topic of romance came, I asked didi did you have experience of romance before marriage? Shree what are you asking do I look like that (I was sure that she had none). I said I asked casually, I know you but as you were beauty queen of the college, so many boys used to roam around you. And many of your friends had boy friend's for instance Sudha, she had boy friend and I have seen that they were kissing and his hands were inside her blouse. 
DIDI- is it true. How did you see? Once we were playing cricket and I hit the ball very hard it went off the fence so friends sent me to collect the ball, as it was the rule. Whoever looses the ball only he had to search or bring new one. As I was searching for the ball, when I came behind college and searching inside bushes, I found them instead of ball. I was there watching them for pretty long. She was wearing skirt blouse that day. When I saw them, they were holding each other's hands. And they were speaking in very low voice I could not hear anything. Then, he held her head and tried to kiss, but she namesake protested, and cooperated. While kissing, his hands went to her boobs and was caressing lightly. He started pressing them, while his another hand was roaming on her buttock then he slowly undid her blouse and took out her boobs from their confinement they were beautiful, very white like moon light. I hid behind bush so I could not be seen by them. He started kissing her boobs sometimes he used to lick. And in between, few times, he chewed her nipple hard and then she used to shout. It went on for long time, he raised her skirt and caressed her buttock, and he even inserted his hand in her panty. Her well-shaped legs were looking like banana trees, what a nice buttocks they were. Here I was excited beyond limit, I felt like pushing him aside and wanted to fuck her there it's elf, he took his hand in front and caressed her nude vagina when he was trying to remove her panty, I heard my friends calling my name, as I had taken too long. Without making any noise, I left the place or else I would have witnessed the first live show of my life. Once I had been to a movie with my friends, one friend had reserved a seat for me it was on last row he had informed me well in advance, as I was late already lights were switched off somehow u reached last row then my friend clapped at me and just seated beside him. When my eyes accustomed to the dim light, I saw two persons in next row were talking to themselves. And a boy signaled something to the girls sitting in next row to them. She turned back and signaled something to the boy may be after some ten minutes, the boy again pinched the girl, and one boy and a girl traded their seats. So both became couple, when a girl was coming to the rear row, I recognized her to be your friend Saniya she quietly came and occupied the recently vacated seat.   
Last edited by sexyshree49 : 17th December 2011 at 04:26 PM.

Didi was interest in the story and I was interested in her. I kept my hand on her shoulder which either she was not aware or neglected. Within couple of minutes, the boy kept his left hand on her shoulder and within short time, his hand descended to her boobs and started massaging her breast. She was giggling, and co-operate by loosening her kameej, by unbuttoning two hooks, which were at her back. Now his hand entered into her dress and comfortably and started squeezing her large tit's as her hand was wandering on his pants, I was no more interested in the picture, and live show was more amazing. The boy asked why Prema that's you didn't come as you had promised to bring her. She said something, which was not audible. Now he pressed Saniya's head said something she took out his penis out of his pant and started squeezing his rod. When he asked her to take his rod into her mouth, she was bit hesitant and looked other people around her to confirm that no one is looking at them. When she looked in my direction, I covered part of my face and pretended looking on the screen. Now Saniya bent her body to take his waiting monster into her mouth and laid on his lap, the hand rest was hindrance for her and she tried to get up, then both talked in whisper, for my astonishment she crept to the floor and kneeled before him and started blowing him. This was too much for me. I wanted to trade place with me and give my shaft into her mouth. I left the theatre before movie was ended just to avoid her embarrassment, to be seen by her friends' brother. Here my hand had entered in didi's dress as had unhooked her dress and was cupping her left breast. Didi was so involved in the story and so excited that she was not aware of her brother massaging her boob. So, I lusted after both the girls Saniya and Sudha and I somehow wanted to feel them. Whenever they visited our house or met them, elsewhere the same picture was rolling in my head and I was visualizing those scenes. But they never saw me in this angle but they were always treated me as their kid brother. So, I didn't have nerve to proceed, many times I thought that I did a big mistake by going unnoticed by them, instead if they had seen me during the act they would have allowed me to fondle them, I even planned to blackmail them and enjoy them. But the yoga instructor in his class told that you should not lose your syllabus at early age, which will be dangerous to your health and carrier. You may lose your aim and be after the momentary enjoyment. So, keep your thoughts very clean and never allow your brain to think anything other than your goal, I was very much impressed by his speech, and I diverted the subject. But here I was squeezing my didi boobs and she was so hot by description and playing with assets. 
She was moaning slightly. I looked at her, our eyes met. Her eyes had become red with excitement. I asked what about you, she was quite, but said I didn't know that Saniya had planned to seduce me, you are right that boy's name is Raghu. And he was after me since very long, but I never gave him any lift, but he was still persistent. Saniya was successful to take me to picture one day, and after a while, he too came and pretended as if it was a coincidence. which I never knew till today that, it was preplan. Saniya somehow adjusted a seat for him beside her and we were all coolly enjoying the film, but after sometime, she wanted to speak something to the girl who was sitting at some distance. Now Saniya shifted to my seat and asked me to go to her seat though I was hesitant but forcefully she pushed me so I went and occupied a seat beside Raghu. We exchange pleasantries and were immersed in the film. Raghu tried to speak with me but I was not interested so without any response I was watching film. Then after some time he kept his hand on my backrest, for which I didn't like but kept quiet, when he tried to touch me but I slid a little indicating my resistance. But he was persistent in his acts after some time he tried to cup right ball, I felt like some poisonous insect is biting me, without commenting anything I got up from my seat and sent Saniya curtly back to her seat, saying I too want talk the same girl regarding some project work. As I didn't yield to them, he stopped following me. I enquired why you left the place, whether you didn't like him or if there was any other boy whom you liked would you enjoyed his touch. If at all, other boy was squeezing your tit whether you would yield to him, now here I had unbuttoned completely and slid her dress to expose her both the breasts and started playing with each hands squeezing one while caressing other nipple. 
She - I don't know but I was not after such an act, but I was surely excited whenever my friends talked about their adventures. I too desired to have such experiences but looking at our background and the family reputation and nature of our parents, I had control myself. 
Didi - suppose Sudha or Saniya had sensed your liking towards them, would you have gone further ?. 
Me - surely, if the circumstance had provided I would have fucked both of them and even that Sarala on whom I had my eye since ages. When you were eyeing on my friends what was your opinion about me were you lusting for me also. If you were not my sister, I would have raped you but what to do? My bad luck. My mind was totally corrupted by two of your friends. Who can ignore such a beautiful pair of breasts like this and start chewing her nipple. Then only she was aware of her being topless and she was alarmed and started pushing off her body. But it was too late, I was not in a position to leave her. Though she protested, I didn't loosen the grip and was squeezing one breast while eating other. When I squeezed hard, it was painful, she said ahhhh, and by slip of tongue, she exclaimed slow not that hard you are hurting me. By the time she realized her mistake, I took her in arms and carried her to bedroom thinking it was more than consent. When I dropped her on my bed and started disrobing her she was protesting, I said please let me do what I want but she protested a lot and speech of moralities started. I said where is moral standard when I fuck jiju you accepted it, you proposed to do it in the home only, later in your presence, then threesome while you are totally nude couple of inches and you allowed me touch your boobs. See sister this is the first time I am feeling any boob in my mouth, let me feel them savor them appreciate them. I shall stop when you desire so, without wasting a single moment I disrobed her and started to play with another tit in this mouth while playing with one. She closed her eyes then I started caressing her entire body her stomach navel her thighs legs just every inch of body. Though I had fucked jiju several times, he had kissed me everywhere but I never had kissed him back so I wanted to taste a body that too female. Now I started kissing from her toe to head skipping her fleshy moulds of her cunt. I traveled to her face. Now, I started chewing her lips, every now and then, her body tensed and relaxed. When I was satisfied with kisses, I went to her navel, licked hole and slowly descended to her love hole. And at last, insert my tongue in her opening of choot. Then I lifted myself to kneeling in her opened thighs and positioned my rod at her opening. She subconsciously spread her thighs. As I entered her, she opened her eyes to find me not her hubby. She opened her mouth to say something, but I shushed her no comments dear sister, we both are at peeks of enjoyment. Both like and this is my first time I touched female body & it's both the holes. And I am first time have entered most beautiful cunt of a stunning woman. I have entered a very nice and moist dark canal than tight and dry anus of you hubby, which I loved to fuck. But I am sincerely fucking just as duty to keep my sister happy.   
Last edited by sexyshree49 : 17th December 2011 at 04:27 PM.

Whom, I have loved from depth of my heart, asexually and now sexually. Who has taken care of me throughout my life till the one who loves me more than herself. Now I have entered the most forbidden zone. Please, please don't spoil mood and try to enjoy, you can even pretend as if you are liking but don't make any advert actions for my sake, and started moving slowly, her face was expression less and motion less I could see few tear drops leaking from her eyes I don't know whether with love or hate. But I continued pawing her body started massaging her breasts, which had become hard like leather ball. As the time passed and I had picked up pace there was little difference, her breathing had accelerated. I was very gentle in touch, kissed her forehead, her nose, and her lips. She was half-heartedly responding, as I went on increasing speed her moans were loud after few minutes she took my palms and kept over her boobs and pressed, I took the hint and started squeezing until she could bear. Now her breathing increased and her nostrils reacted, moans increased making our neighbors hear. Placed her hand on my back and started pulling me hard, as it was my first with a woman, I didn't know how to handle them. But her gestures were more than enough, I started pounding her as she was moving her face left and right and jumping on the bed. And making our loins collide with each other making lot of thup -thup sound as my poker went in her. She reciprocated by sending cunt to meet my lund inside. Now my cock was moving like a piston. At last, her body collapsed and she was sweating profusely I could feel that. My penis was being washed with her cum. I continued pumping her. The juice was spurting until I stopped rigging her, even after I stopped the juice was flowing like river below my trunk. I too was exhausted and fell over her still keeping my erect member inside her. Now she recovered her breath and smiled at me, took my head and started kissing my face and when our lips met, she sealed them. My sister seemed to be happy and tried to push me aside, then she came to know that I was still rigid. Oh my god still you haven't cummed? I asked her permission to restart, she pause me, started licking my nipples, and was playing with my body, and hairs then she nodded. I started my mission in slow rhythm in the beginning and I went on screwing her. Again, she started to shout. By her gestures, I felt that she is nearing her next climax. Jiju had taught me art of self control past few months and it was of great help. By the time my end came, I fucked my sister so fast. So that to keep her on the cot was difficult as she jumped so violently. I pounded her to the all the worth I was. Poured semen in her cunt and collapsed on her like a log, she too was almost like dead. When we recovered, I saw the time was almost 4.40 O' clock. It was the time to depart to bring Prema back home, but didi was not leaving me she showered rain of kisses on me. She said you had almost killed me. You are he-man. Your wife will be most luckiest to have. 
Me- I am satisfied really. Are you not angry on me? 
She- in beginning yes and now not at all, I love my kid brother and I will love forever. I am more than just satisfied. I assure you that I am there whenever you desire me. 
Me - then why the hell I will need to marry you are there you will be my sister as well my wife, so no question of marrying. Saying so, I reminded of bringing Prema back from college. I quickly freshened up and ran to college for my dear sister in law Prema.    
