The sun dips low on the horizon. I sit alone, as usual, and feel hypnotized by the vast array of colors illuminating the darkening sky. A true plethora of color, the sky shimmers with soft shades that change as the sun dips lower. Red to yellow. Pink to purple. Violet to blue. Finally disappearing with a glaring orange and settling into night. The coolness of the evening air invigorates me, I feel life pulsing through my veins.
A solitary being, I am accustomed to being alone, but there are still times I feel suffocated by the barren isolation that engulfs my soul. I am a warrior, though a young one. I am unattached to even myself and wander listlessly through this life. I came to reside in this magical world of Dereth, but a short while ago. My coming here is an unbelievable tale, but I will save it for another day.
My name is Iamproir an Bas, but most people I am familiar with call me Bodie. I am a Chieftan of the ancient and illustrious army known as “The Red Branch”. Though I am a Chieftan, I have no castle to call my own. I have no Derethian ties to bind me to any specific land in which to call home. I am a wandering warrior, a seeker of right. Honor is the prize I seek. My soul cries out in righteous indignation when I see a wrong and I vow a silent pledge to makes things right. I do not have great fame, yet. I do follow a path in which my visions have foretold great and majestic things. I have brief glimpses and gifts from the second sight, as we Celts call it. I know I will die a young death, but I also know it will be a grand one and this pleases me. I am a large man, imposing in size and aura. I stand 6 inches above 6 feet. I have red hair tied in a tail and wear a warrior’s mustache with goatee. My eyes are blazing green and carry an ominous, but veiled threat deep within.
As I sit and enjoy the remnants of the shimmering lights left behind by the sinking sun, I see a graceful creature climbing the hill to greet me. Her eyes sparkle with curiosity and she takes me in with a long inquisitive look, unabashedly staring at me from head to toe. I could feel her questioning mind probing mine. Not shy in the least, she demanded, rather than queried, whom I might be and why I was watching the sunset. Something about her frankness put me at ease. I posed the question as to whom she might be and was informed that she was known as the Icy Princess. Her eyes were gray and rimmed with a green tint, when I looked into them I learned much of her. A long and painful journey, was the path of life she followed. Under her cloak of abrasive armor, I could feel the beat of a wounded heart, but one that wished to heal. She was once of those tortured souls that erected a chimera of illusion around her. She was a fierce and noble warrior princess, yet all the while she hid the haunted heart of vulnerable and shattered soul. Plainly, she had healed herself to a great extent, but within their still lurked the shadows and scars left by life’s cruel jests.
I bade her to sit beside me and enjoy the last of the evening glow. She gracefully sank to the ground beside me and we talked in the language of old friends. I recognized her immediately, she was my anam cara. She was my soul friend and our destinies were intertwined from this life to past and future ones. Somehow, we would always find our way to each other, in one way or another. It is a comfortable feeling, to let down your guard and trust. It is a magnificent gesture, for someone to expose themselves to you and give you the gift of letting down their own guard and to trust you. Your anam cara will always come to you as destiny desires. Sometimes lovers, oft times friends. Perhaps siblings or relatives. But, they are drawn together. Sooner or later, stumbling blindly through life, if you are so blessed as to HAVE an anam cara, you will find them. Fate will bring you together.
This woman was clearly my anam cara and I truly feel that both of our tortured souls melted into one another, each absorbing a part of the other. We talked and chatted through the night. At times we sang songs of old and laughed at the oddity of our both knowing the same tunes. When the evening chill bit sharper into our flesh, we huddles closely together by a fire I quickly built in a shallow depression on the hillside. Lying back to enjoy the stars, I felt my heart leap as she moved beside me and laid her head upon my chest. I could tell she was listening to my heartbeat, learning more and more of whom I was and what our destinies held in store for us. I gently ran my fingers through her hair and caressed the silken tresses. A long sigh escaped me as I felt my soul blend with hers, it was a sigh of contentment from deep within the recess of a long tortured and empty soul.
She fell asleep, head resting upon my chest. I slept not a wink the entire night, but guarded over my new found soul mate and watched with adoration as she slept. It was enchanting, to say the least, watching her sleep. Her breasts rising and falling, her look losing its guarded firmness, her hair sweeping to cover half of her face. Gentle and soft sounds of contentment murmured from her throat and I could tell that this was the first time she had slipped into such peaceful sleep in a long, long time. When she blinked her eyes awake, she smiled up at me with a look to melt the heart of the fiercest beast. I said in a soft and worshipful voice “good morning little one” and she giggles at the familiarity of it.
We arose and took in the beauty of the rising sun and I commented on liking seeing the sun fall and rise with you. You clasped my hand and we walked back into town. Dropping in to the tavern, where they happen so serve an incredible breakfast, as well, we heard the townspeople speaking of the monsters that were invading their lands. They told us that were in many different colors and that they had huge pincers and made god-awful noises. Feeling the old surge of a call to arms rippling through my soul, I asked in a respectful voice if the townspeople thought they were in true danger, they replied that they were in absolute fear for their lives.
I turned slowly to the princess beside me and bade her come closer that I might whisper to her. As she neared me, I shivered with anticipation of the adventure before us and at her closeness. Murmuring into her ear, I told her “little one, these people are in need of a savior”. “If we, as warriors of proud and fierce nobility, won’t come to their aid, then who will?” I saw with great pride her slow nod of agreement and then sent her off to pack our armor and weaponry. Asking for details as to where we might find these creatures and attack them in their lair, I was told the direction and given landmarks to guide us on our way. As we readied ourselves to go, the tavern keeper brought us a bag filled with pastries, pies, ale and other fine foods to make our sup with, as our journey would take us well past the noon hour.
As we started seeing the waterfall in the distance, I could see why the townspeople had remarked on its beauty and impressive heights. The nearer we came, the more refreshing the cool depths looked and the cooler the falling water made the air. I told my little follower that the place was simply to tantalizing and that we should stop to partake of out meal before continuing onward.
I went about making a campsite, of sorts and seeing to it’s security. I was careful to make sure we were in a defensible position, as I don’t like being caught off guard. When I was satisfied with our encampment, I turned to my little friend and found she had slipped away. Hearing the soft sounds of water splashing and laughter pealing into the air, I knew she had been overcome by the lure of the refreshing water.
I crept along the edge of the cliff, again making sure we were alone and safe, all the while looking for her in the water. I couldn’t see her and decided she must be behind the waterfall. I did see her clothing and armor piled upon the ground and felt my manhood swell at the thought of this beautiful little woman swimming with the water caressing her nude skin. I slipped from my own gear, with one more look around and slipped silently into the water. I dove under the water and came up under the waterfall, and sure enough, there she was in all of her radiant beauty.
Leaning back against a rock, she was bare to the world and the sight of her made my blood surge throughout my body. I crept up on her as she stood with closed eyes, and startled her by grabbing her and asking if she was enjoying herself. She ran her fingers over my chest, feeling the long scar that traverses from lower left belly to upper right shoulder. She didn’t ask but her eyes were curious as to it’s origin. She ran her hands over me and I could see fire burning in her eyes.
I grabbed her up, startling her with the suddenness of my action and carried her to the shoreline, in the cave created by the waterfall. I bade her lie still and ran to fetch our armor and weapons. I came back carting our gear and grinned down at her, I don’t like being without a sword. She smiled at me and glanced at my raging hard cock, and said it looked like I was armed pretty well, to her. We both laughed and I dropped beside her. I took her into my arms and pressed my lips against hers.
We were both being affected by the moment and our libidos were running rampant. I could tell by the heave of her bosom that she wanted me, no playing and teasing with hours of foreplay, she wanted me, fast, hard and now. I am usually an extremely slow lover, I tantalize and tease for hours, but on this occasion I sprang to immediate action and nearly attacked her, as I rained down my love upon her.
Kissing her hard and long, I put my hands on her shoulders and pinned her to the ground. I leaned over her and kissed her forehead, running my knee up between her thighs. I massaged her swollen pussy with my knee, rocking it back and forth slowly and then dropped my face to devour her breasts with abandon. She squealed and moaned and thrashed beneath me, but was so pinioned into the mud that she was helpless to my endeavors. Not that she WANTED to be free of me, the light burning in her eyes told me that, but half the fun is in the struggle. I told her I loved her and sank slowly between her thighs. As I released her arms, she wrapped them around me and her fingernails dug into my back, pulling me closer to her. I rubbed the head of my cock along her quivering slit and then slowly began pushing it inside of her. I watched her face and felt her body to ensure that everything was okay and pushed deeper with a sudden thrust. As I invaded her depths, her body and my soul cried out in unison. I felt as if I had plugged into a power source of unknown quantity, the zip of electricity sang throughout my convulsing body. The hot folds of her pussy swallowed me and her hands clawed, scratched and flailed at me, drawing me deeper within her. I sank all the way into her, to the hilt of my throbbing weapon. Being still for a moment, we shared a moment through our eyes and then her body began to gyrate underneath of me. She bucked and rocked under me like a wild and unbroken horse, my body matched her movements like the most well trained rider.
Our cries were drowned out by the waterfall, but the echoes of them still linger in my soul. Her meaty walls spasmed against me and I could feel her tummy heaving as she came closer to orgasm. In and out, I slide like a hammering steam piston. Slamming our bodies together, flesh popping and slapping as we crashed into one another. I withdrew from her and took her from behind, now she truly became a wild animal. She pitched and rocked her body, as my hands gripped her firmly against me, I could feel the ripples of her contorted pussy squeezing me mercilessly. I grabbed her hair in my hand and pulled her head back like reigning in a running beast, my other hand reached around to fondle her bouncing breast and I rode her like a madman.
I withdrew from her again and this time sat her on the rock. I stood in front of her and entered her once again, this time face to face, as equals. She squirmed forward to accept every inch of me and locked her thrashing legs around my waist. She begged me in a ranting voice, “fuck me, Master, plllllleeeease”! I drove into her with gusto, watching with glee as her breasts bounced with every thrust. I leaned down to bite her nipples, not harshly, not softly and continued my attack on her femininity. We were both nearing climax, I held back as long as I could and then exploded within her. As my hot juices flowed deep within her, they brought her to her own orgasm and she screamed in joy and pleasure as our union became complete.