Dress code protest
by Onlooker

The dress code at Sundial Public high school was very strict with its rules. Shorts had to reach at least five inches past you're fingertips or you would get sent home. Shirts must cover your shoulders and no open toed shoes. The girls were mostly affected by the rules, and while they seemed standard, they were enforced tightly. During the later months of the school year when the wether became nice, girls started to break the dress code, but without fail, they were caught every time. 

The reason for the code was so that the girls didn't distract the boys from learning with their bodies according to the teachers. The girls rebutted this saying it was the boys fault if they got distracted during class, and the boys unsurpringly agreed for their own reasons. The teachers didn't budge from their stance and girls continued to be sent home in massive amounts. 

The idea was started by the track team. Every girl would come into school and take off their clothes before first period to reveal nothing but a bikini. They planned to bring beach sandals and flip flops as well. The rumor spread fast as each girl messaged the other on Sunday before the school week started. With no talk of it happening in school the teachers wouldn't know a thing and would therefore have no plan to stop it.

Seven o clock on man day, school was about to start. The halls were crowded and the excitement on everyone's faces was palpable. The bell for first period rang. The girls looked around to each other for confirmation and then set the plan into motion. Shirts and pants came flying off of every girls body to show off their beach bodies and attire. Students cheered as they ran through the halls half naked in protest of the strict dress code. Butts stuck out and tits bounced freely before the teachers could even react. 

The protest seemed to really leave the school in confusion but not for long. The security guards came out and yelled at the boys to get to class. They were feared by many so the boys complied with their demands. They were quickly rounding up the girls into the main lobby. No longer did they run freely in the halls, instead they sheepishly walked with security guards into their impending doom. There was no way they could send all the girls home at once so as the principles thought of a proper punishment, the rest of the girls were rounded up. 

By now all the bikini clad girls stood in the main lobby, some with sandals but some also barefoot. They made an announcement to the girls soon afterwards. They could get dressed now and face no punishment or they could try to continue with their silly protest. Most girls realized defeat and got dressed. They slowly returned to class but a handful remained in their bikinis, refusing to get dressed. These girls stood up for what they believed in but the school system didn't recognize their bravery, only their deviance. 

An assembly was called for all students. The principle made it clear that they wouldn't back down from their position on the dress code and briught the few rebels to the front with one last chance to back down or face extreme punishment. They had come this far and didn't care if they got suspended so they remained proudly on stage. However you could tell they were nervous. Maybe it was from being in front of the whole school in just a bikini or maybe they actually were scared of the punishment and were trying not to show it. 

The girls weren't suspended, Instead they were taken by the arms from behind by the security guards while the principle walked towards the five girls. He approached the first girl and cut the top of her bikini open. It fell to the floor, exposing her breasts to the whole school. The girl was a senior had had been well devolved. Her jugs were most likely a d cup but her nipples were tiny on them, only being about the size of a coin. Her face went red and her mouth dropped as she stared at her own naked chest. The crowd remained shocked silent. 

The principle walked to the next girl who was now resisting and apologizing for not getting dressed earlier. Her legs kicked but the security guard kept her in place. Her pleas were lost on the principle as he cut the second rebels top open. Her breast were quite smaller than the first girls, barely protruding from her chest. The stage lights shone bright on her nipples which were actually larger than the first girls by a sizeable amount. Her face turned beet red and her eyes snapped shut trying not to look at the crowd of her peers staring at her nipples. 

The principle moved along to the next girl. The tiniest of the group, she was under five feet tall and did gymnastics. Once again the girl pleaded for a second chance but her top was cut just like the others. She held her head down in shame at her completely flat chest and small nipples. Her long hair gave her some cover but was brushed behind her shoulders to give the school a clear view. A single clap could be heard from the crowd while the principle moved on. 

The fourth girls top was cut open to reveal her perky tits. They seemed to defy gravity and now the students starting to get into it. More clapping and a few cheers were heard for her perfect tits, mostly from the boys. Upon hearing their excitement for her embarrassment she lost any will to fight back. The humiliation of being exposed to everyone was too much. The girls remained silent and uncomfortable seeing their plan backfire like this. The last girl tried to fight as much as possible. She wiggles and squirmed but ultimately her top was cut off and now they all stood on stage in front of their fellow class mates with only the bottom of their bikinis on them. 

Each girl looked defeated and humiliated as the principle walked back to the microphone. He announced that if these girls didn't want to follow the dress code then it was only fair for them to not follow any of it. He walked back over to the first girl. With his scissors in his hand he reached for her red and white polka dot bikini bottom. With one cut the waistband went limp. She squealed and held her legs together to stop it from falling but it drooped slightly on one side to reveal her smooth skin. It was obvious she had shaven herself clean. The crowd waited eagerly. The principle tried to move her leg to the side and allow the bikini to fall but she wouldn't budge. She bent at the knees and instead the principle took her flip flops off. But right after that he reached for her bikini bottom and cut the other side of the waistband and pulled them through her legs. 

The principle presented the bikini to the school before dropping it on the ground. The senior girls pussy was now visible to everyone in school. She tried to fall down to cover herself but the security hairs kept her lifted. The principle approached the next girl who still had her eyes snapped shut. She could hear what was going on but knew she shouldn't stop it. The principle cut her bikini and it fell to her feet. Her pussy was also clean shaven and was now on display for all her peers. The principle grabbed the blue bikini from her feet as well as her sandals. The two girls stood on stage completely nude, humiliated and degraded. 

The next girl tried to resist but once again her yellow bikini was cut and her privates were put on show. Her pussy wasn't shaven, instead she had a small tuft of blonde pubic hair that matched her once adorn bottoms. It was long but still barely a handful as made evident by the principle as he took it all in one hand and cut it shorter. Now her vagina was in plain sight for the crowd to stare at as they called out in excitement for her nudity. She could only continue to hold her head down in shame. The principle grabbed her bikini off her already bare feet and tossed aside. 

The next bikini was striped black and red and was cut to present the girls recently shaven vagina. Her hair was stubby but much more present than the last girls. Once again the crowd roared as the girls bikini was taken along with her sandals. She remained submissive like before and couldn't even look at the crowd from the embarrassment. Her legs were obviously wobbly and becoming sweaty. The last girl pleaded for her modesty but her green bikini was cut anyways. She caught it with her thighs but it was too late. Her pussy was already exposed and the crowd was loving it. She had an angry look on her face more than it was embarrassed looking. She stomped her foot on the ground which made her bikini drop. The principle grabbed it from her painted red toes and took her sandals but as he was taking them she kicked him square in the jaw. 

The principle fell over as the crowd made a collective oooohhhh sound. The other humiliated girls stared in shock and the security guard tightened his grip on her arms. She tried to kick him again but was pulled back. The principle got up off the ground and walked calmly over to the girl. She was cussing at him and still throwing a fit. With one swift grab the principle grabbed her calf and lifted it up so it was level with her waist. Then continued lifting it higher until her foot was even with her head. She tried to resist but wasn't strong enough as the principle turned her spread legs towards the crowd. Her pussy was wide open and in plain sight along with her butthole. The crowd went nuts and the girl remembered how shameful her situation was. She stopped resisting and conceded to a humiliating defeat. 

The principle let her leg down and walked back to the microphone. With one final announcement he dismissed the school back to class. He said instead of a weeklong out of school suspension these girls would be receiving a weeklong in school suspension. They would remain completely nude the whole time with their hands tied so they didn't cover up. They would have to remain in the halls to show off their nudity to everyone walking by as well as shower in the locker rooms every morning to ensure their cleanliness and of course everyone was allowed to watch.

The girls stood in disbelief. They were already humiliated and exhibited to all their friends and classmates but now they'd have to be naked for the whole week and let the boys watch them shower and get nice and wet and shiny for them. Their humiliation could be felt by everyone and their reputation in school would surely never be the same. They were dismissed out and the security guards turned them around to show off their butts as they walked off the stage. Surely no one would contest the dress code again.
