My Teasing Wife

I guess it all started shortly after Ev and I married and moved to Arizona. We
were fresh out of High School and finally away from our folks. But over the next
year or so, I noticed that because of the climate, Ev started dressing to suit
the warm weather. I also noticed how other men looked at her because of it. I'm
talking short shorts, tiny tops, even men's tank tops with the large arm-holes,
as well as a number of skimpy outfits. Let me tell you a little about Ev, she is
a petite woman who stands about 5'-2" on a good day, and barely a hundred
pounds. She is also a brunette with an attitude and is a 32 A-Cup with large
puffy nipples.

Early on she noticed the way other guys looked at her and smiled back at them as
if to thank them for lust for her.

"You like the way other guy's look at you, don't you?" I asked.

"Sure I do. Don't you?" She said.

"Well..." I thought for a moment. "It does make me feel funny inside when I know
strangers are trying to see your titties down the front of your top and
everything." I said.

"Relax," Ev said, "I'm only teasing them a little. It's you who I get to fuck
every night, right?"

"Yeah, I guess you're right." I answered.

Eventually I began liking the way she teased the other men when we went out.
Although It happened mostly in shopping malls and department stores.

One of the earliest experiences we had was at an amusement park walking around
enjoying the rides when we experienced a rain shower. Ev and I got a little
soaked while running for cover. It was while we were under a nearby canopy
waiting for the rain to stop that I noticed a few of the men nearby watching
Ev's blouse. She hadn't noticed it herself till I looked down and saw that the
rain had made her top completely transparent. When she did notice, she did
nothing to hide herself. And even made conversation with some of these guy's
while we were there. I gotta tell you, these guy's wives didn't seem too happy
about their men talking to a woman who's nipples were so visible. Yep, everyone
got to see her braless nipples that night. On the way home she told me how horny
it made her and we had some great sex that night. Now I was really hooked when
it came to Ev showing herself off to strangers.

Another time I was up late playing video games with the Andy, a single man who
lived next door. Andy was around twenty-four and was already used to seeing Ev
dressed skimpy, but had never seen her tits or pussy in the flesh. I guess it
was around 11pm or so when Ev came walking through the living room on her way to
the kitchen for something to drink when we noticed how sexy she looked. She wore
a baggy tank-top that not only showed all but her nipples from the arm openings,
but also barely covered her light-pink see-thru knickers. Andy and I had been
sitting on the floor in front of the couch watching TV and could see everything
from this vantage point. We kept watching her as she disappeared into the
kitchen. Her butt crack was as plainly visible as was her pubic hair. I
immediately got hard and couldn't wait for Andy to go home as we waited for her
return so we could watch her come through again. And when she did, Andy and I
stared at her pussy and ass for as long as we could.

"Oh my God!! That was nice!!" Andy said.

"Sure was." I said. Then I had an idea.

I went to our bedroom to see Ev. She was grinning big time and told me that she
thought about taking the knickers off in the kitchen before walking back through.
I told her she should still do it just to see what Andy does.

Lucky for me Ev is pretty adventurous. About ten minutes later she came back
through the living room on her way to the kitchen still wearing the same baggy
tank-top, which this time through did show Andy and I a great side view of her
tit and nipple as well as her see-thru knickers. Then as I had hoped, returned
without the knickers on.

"I'm afraid I spilled something on them, so I had to leave them in the laundry."
She exclaimed. Andy and I just stared up at her pretty little muff as she stood
there right in front of us. Then she surprised us both by sitting on the couch
we were already leaning against. This really made it hard to concentrate on our
games. Then I asked Andy...

"You ever touch a woman's pussy before?"

"Not since college." He replied. "But I'd sure like to."

I think this surprised even Ev when I suggested that Andy might get lucky enough
to feel her up. But she was game.

While still sitting on the floor, Andy and I scooted around to face Ev who was
already lying down leaning against the pillows reading a magazine with her legs
spread a little when I whispered Andy to just gently rub his fingertips through
her pubes and see what happens from there. As he did, I watched Ev's face grow
excited as Andy tickled her mound. After a minute of this she opened her legs a
little more, exposing her lips and allowing Andy more pussy to explore. It
seemed instinctive that he would send a finger between her pussy lips, causing
Ev to succumb even more to the lust that was driving her into an eventual
orgasm. Slowly and gently, Andy rubbed her clit, causing Ev to begin moving her
hips in motion with Andy's finger.

"Go ahead and slip your cock in." I whispered while she continued pretending to
read. As Andy lowered his pants, Ev repositioned herself to receive Andys cock.
She even helped guide it in. then I watched as the two of them fuck each other
silly. And this being Andy's first fuck in a few years didn't surprise me that
he shot his load into Ev's cunt within a minute or so. But being the horny young
stud he was, he still kept his erection and continued fucking several minutes
more till he shot another load deep inside her pussy. And yet he still didn't
soften up, so Andy continued fucking Ev much longer this time. By this time Ev
was ready to climax, and boy did she ever! Andy did his best to hang on as Ev
squirmed in just about every direction. Andy soon came a third time in Ev's hot
pussy. The energy they had built up left them both just as exhausted. And soon
afterward, Andy left to go home. I swear, I have never seen so much cum drool
out of Ev's cunt as I did that night. I told Ev that was the sexiest thing I
have ever seen before ramming my own cock into her fuck hole.

Another time I was out in the carport doing a little maintenance on the car when
Andy came over to help. He told me his cousin Mark was coming out for the
weekend from California and wondered if Ev and I would mind helping entertain
him. My horny little mind went buzzing with ideas.

"Sure, when's he gonna be here?" I asked. Just then a car pulled into Andy's
drive way.

"This is him now." Andy answered. Andy waved mark over to my place and we hit it
off right away. I excused myself and went into the house to get a few beers when
I noticed Ev come out of the den wearing a pretty interesting little top.

"Whoa, hon. You trying to get me horny already?" I asked. She laughed a little.

"You bet I am!" She answered. "I made this from an old nightie I don't wear
anymore, but I thought the see-thru top by itself would look pretty nice with
short cut-offs." She told me. The top she wore was see-thru with small holes in
the shape of flowers and had a deep neckline that allowed anyone around her a
great view of her titties when she bent down in just the slightest.

"We have company outside if you'd be interested in bringing out some beers." I
told her.

"I can't wait." She told me as I smiled and headed out to Andy and Mark.

A few minutes later Ev emerged from the house with a beer for each of us. We
made our introductions and began enjoying our beers. Ev gets pretty "fun" after
just a few sips of beer, so I knew we were in for an interesting morning. I also
couldn't help but notice the way Andy and Mark were encouraging her to be more
provocative. She stood between Andy and mark just teasing the hell out of them.
She kept leaning on her elbows against the fender for several minutes at a time
while we all talked trashy stuff. Leaning on the fender the way she did allowed
her top to fall completely open so we each got an eyeful of titty and nipple. We
couldn't seem to keep our eyes off of her. Then Mark asked...

"Hey Ev, what other sexy tops to you have?" He asked. I was a little shocked at
how someone we just met could be so blunt, but I figured it must have been the
beer that caused it.

"I got a bunch of sexy stuff!" She answered. "Want to see more?" She teased.

"Oh man, would I!" Mark said. I grinned and invited the guys in to another beer
while Ev found another outfit to model for us. Leaving the spark plugs for
another time.

Mark, Andy and I settled on the couch with beers in hand and waited to see what
Ev was going to come down the hallway wearing. A few minutes later we weren't
disappointed. She entered the livingroom wearing a short crop-top that barely
covered the bottom of her tits. She kept her short denims on that barely covered
her pubes. She spun around grinning real big knowing the attention she was
getting. While she had her back turned to us she bent over to the floor causing
her little top to fall up to her chin exposing her titties. It also gave us a
pretty good view of her ass and pussy because she spread her legs at the same
time. Mark nearly jumped up when she did this he was so excited. Ev saw Marks
reaction and the way he rubbed his dick through his jeans a little which
encouraged her to lift her top flashing us her titties. She held her top up for
more than a minute allowing all of us to take it all in. Her next outfit was a
loose fitting tank-top with large arm holes that did nothing to hide her
titties. She slowly walked back and forth in front of us holding her top open so
we couldn't help but admire her tits. Then as she started to leave the room she
removed her shorts revealing her bare ass as she disappeared down the hallway,
leaving us hungry for more. Her next outfit was again very sexy. It was one of
my favorites. It was one of her clubbing dresses. She has a few outfits that are
made to tease in nightclubs. Very short with a plunging neckline. Ev pranced
before the three of us bending our way to show us how easy it is to see down the
front, then turning around to bend over as though she were playing pool to show
us how easy it is to see her see-thru knickers. Then she pulled her dress off
over her head allowing us to see her panty-clad ass as she left the room.

Her last outfit was a white matching see-thru short top and see-thru panty set.
I could hear Mark and Andy groan with excitement as Ev entered the room. Both
mark and Andy began squeezing their cocks through their jeans. She then turned
on the stereo and asked who wanted to dance with her. Both Andy and Mark raised
their hands. We had a good quick laugh then Ev grabbed Mark and started dancing.
Andy and I were watching in envy as Mark squeezed her nearly bare ass slipping
his fingers under the elastic and down the crack of her ass and to her cunt
while checking out her titties and puffy nipples up close. Ev has the kind of
pussy you can see and feel pretty easily from behind, so mark had no problem
getting to it while he danced close to her. I've seen it happen a number of time
when we went out clubbing and she danced with someone she teased. He kept
whispering something in her ear and she would laugh a lot. They also kissed.
Depending on how good a kisser Mark was usually meant he might get lucky.
Apparently he was a good kisser because Ev kept kissing back. Just as I thought,
Ev soon led Mark by the hand to the bedroom, only looking back to wave "bye" to
Andy and me.

"This might be awhile." I said to Andy with a laugh.

"Crap!" Andy said. "I wanted to fuck Ev." I laughed when he said that.

"You'll get your chance." I said.

"I hope so." He almost seemed to sulk.

About twenty minutes later they came back out looking very satisfied. Mark sat
back on the sofa and Ev smiled at Andy and motioned for him to follow her which
he eagerly did. While Andy was fucking Ev, Mark and I had another beer and made
good conversation. I also told him about some of our sexual adventures. This
excited him enough to ask Ev if he could fuck her again before they went home.
She agreed and we all decided to go out that evening to watch Ev tease some more
while on the dance floor and playing pool.

But that's another story.