In the morning, the exhaustion he'd been feeling since his death returned in full force, accompanied by the after-effects of Firewhisky and a mental hangover that made him curl up under the duvet in a way he had not had the luxury of doing in a long time. Molly came in a while later, attempting not to wake him, and she jumped when he sat upright and looked appreciatively over the bacon sandwiches.

"Oh, Severus! I didn't mean to wake you, it was a tiring night last night. Though I must say, you looked very well. Are you feeling better?"

Snape sighed.

"I am, Molly, thank you. I expect I will be able to remove myself soon."

Molly gave him a dark look.

"There is absolutely no hurry whatsoever. I may start letting you get your own breakfast, but this house is quiet without so many of my children and this bedroom is not needed. You do not need to go anywhere any time soon. It would hardly be safe just yet, anyway!"

Snape sighed. He was in no hurry to leave, if he were honest with himself – not with bacon sandwiches and kindness in such supply.

"Charlie warned me that he might have gotten you a bit drunk last night, so I took the liberty of adding a hangover potion to your daily dosages."

"Your son clearly thinks little of my capacity for alcohol," said Snape dryly, but downed both vials anyway. He bit into the bacon sandwich quickly, ridding himself of the taste. A warm sense of well-being flushed through him. 

"Thank you, Molly," he said, and she smiled and swept out.

Snape decided today would be a day to get dressed, and he sat on top of the bed linen for the rest of the morning, reading a book. There was a soft knock on his door sometime around midday.

"Enter," he said, and Miss Granger poked her head around the door. Snape felt a moment of dread, but she did not look like someone who had received news of her professor and a Weasley boy rutting against a shed.

"May I speak to you for a minute, sir?" she said politely, and he nodded. She came in and shut the door.

"It's about our plan for your resurrection and reinstatement in society," she explained briskly, sitting in the chair by his bed. "I was going to talk to you about it at the meal, but it was such a busy night and then you vanished, so I never got the chance."

"I see," said Snape tiredly. What on earth did this girl have planned, that she thought she could clear the name of a man who was best known for killing Albus Dumbledore?

"Obviously, it's not going to be easy," she said. "We're going to have to play it carefully. If anyone even gets a hint that we might have known you were alive before the press did, it would land us in a lot of trouble. We've thought about it, and we've been sharing as much of your story as we can to get people on your side, and we think that if your case were to be put before court, you would have a good chance. Harry isn't thrilled by the thought of merely 'a good chance', though, so we've been thinking up ways to sure up our bet.

"The first one was that article, of course, I hope you didn't mind–" She did not stop to see if he did, "And obviously we've been amassing people who will vouch for you, but we now have to think about the best way to bring you back from the dead. The obvious explanation would be similar to the truth, only that you pulled yourself to your house at Spinner's End – would anyone be able to disprove that?"

Snape shook his head. He'd left his house locked up very tightly.

"But the question remained, when and how? Harry was all for him presenting your defence to the Ministry while you were still dead, making them give you a posthumous Order of Merlin, so that when you did resurrect yourself you'd have a guarantee. Me and Ron thought, however, that the Ministry probably wouldn't care about their own hypocrisy and happily lock you up even if they'd pardoned and rewarded you before. Not to mention, it's not a terribly good show of faith for you to appear only after news of your exoneration."

Snape considered.

"I will be locked up whichever course of action I take, unless I choose to stay dead."

"Oh, but surely you don't want to?" said Hermione.

"Why wouldn't I? When I am well, I could collect my things and find somewhere quiet on the continent, set up a small business and finally enjoy some peace and quiet."

"Oh," said Hermione quietly. "Well, yes, I can see how that would appeal. No one really thought of that. We all just assumed you'd want to stay in Wizarding Britain."

Her tone of voice suggested that she could not imagine anyone wishing to leave it – no doubt for her, it was the first place she could feel truly herself, with friends and magic and subjects to excel at. It was how he had felt, at her age. Even now, with his only friendships tainted by the Dark Lord, it still tugged at his heart, begged him to stay.

"Wizarding Britain is hardly overflowing with happy associations for me, Miss Granger. I have no friends, those I once had are imprisoned and with good reason, and at the moment I am uncomfortably beholden to people I barely know and have been nothing but unpleasant to. My house in Spinner's End is not a warm and cosy one, Hogwarts will no doubt be out of bounds – not that I'm overly enamoured of teaching, anyway, you may have noticed that I don't like children – and the wizarding public are hardly going to accept me into their open arms. Why would I stay?"

Hermione looked almost tearful.

"Gosh, yes, I suppose so, sir. But you do have friends here. I know the Weasleys would all call you such, even if – you don't feel the same."

"The Weasleys are the most generous group of people I have ever known. Molly is a good woman, Arthur is far more intelligent than I ever gave him credit for, and her children all seem pleasant enough." Extremely pleasant, some of them, thought Snape, but thoughts of Potter darkened his line of thought quickly. "But I am hardly as at ease with them as you might be, Miss Granger. They are quite alien to me."

Granger nodded.

"I see. So, you don't want us to help you clear your name? I expect Harry will go on with his posthumous Order of Merlin plan, anyway, and then if you change your mind it might be easier, especially if some time has passed."

Snape considered. He hadn't truly been considering the option to stay in hiding – he'd resigned himself to the fact that a load of Weasleys and company would be jostling him back into society. But of course, they would let him go; he was expensive and awkward and prickly and it would be easier for them all. He was not offended, that they would release him so easily...

"Of course, Harry might just kill you," said Hermione. "He's been taking this project so seriously. And Mrs Weasley would be very upset, and I think Ginny and Professor McGonagall would be sad to see you go. But – if it's really what you want –"

"It is not what I want," said Snape, unable to stop himself, and Hermione burst into a bright smile.

"Oh, good!" she said. "So, would you like to hear our idea? When you are well enough, we think the best plan is for you to go to the Ministry yourself and hand yourself in."

Snape stared.

'You're insane," he said eventually.

"It's really the best way," said Hermione, shaking her head. "You're not going to be able to avoid the trial, but you can make a theatre of it, that's all a trial is really, and it would be one hell of a grand gesture to start if off. A dramatic entrance, a speech about handing yourself in for fair trial, a big show of complete co-operation, and you will have already won half your audience before the trial even starts. And we'll try to be there on some pretext or other, in case something goes wrong, and Shacklebolt says he will make a point of being assigned to you, in case anyone who disagrees with you cares to do something stupid."

Snape could not hide his somewhat dubious expression, but he considered her plan. She was right enough, that winning this trial would be theatre, and it was not without logic – it was just sickeningly Gryffindor. And though he was no stranger to dramatic gestures, they were usually employed to make people think he was evil, not heroic.

"You've really caught in the public's imagination, you know," she said. "Anti-heroes are always popular. The Prophet has had a lot of response to that article, and almost all of it was positive – I think they'd be delighted to find you alive. And if a trial starts up they are going to be very keen to talk to people involved – we've already planned how we'll give our interviews – Harry last, to keep the press hanging, and as a sort of deciding blow. And I've been making friends at the Prophet who'll put the right spin on things. If only it had been this easy when they were printing awful things about Harry!"

Snape smirked.

"But that would hardly be as entertaining for the rest of us," he said. Then he heaved a sigh. "I will consider your plan."

"Excellent!" said Hermione. Then she frowned.

"Speaking of Harry..."

"As everyone seems to do, despite our well-known enmity," said Snape. Hermione ignored him.

"Do you know what's wrong with him?" she said. "He stormed off upstairs last night and he's still in bed now, but Ron doesn't think he's asleep. Did you... fight?"

"How could we fight? Potter has still not addressed a single word to me since my death. The closest he has come was to talk to my knees."

"Oh," said Hermione. "I don't know why he's doing that. Ah well, it must be something to do with Charlie, then. He was acting very strangely last night."

Snape allowed himself a smirk.

"I said we did not talk. I never said that I had nothing to do with it."

"Then what did you do?" she said, furious. "Was it about you dancing with Ginny?"

"I expect it might have been to start with," he said.

Granger raised her eyebrows expectantly.

He sighed, and looked her in the eye.

"I did not do anything to him, and anything I might have said or done last night that has caused this funk was hardly his business anyway."

"So you know what it might be?"

"Might I propose you ask Potter yourself?"

Hermione sighed heavily.

"He's always so bloody uncommunicative," she said, but looked resolved anyway.

She rose from her chair and smiled.

"Thank you for your time, sir," she said politely, and left. Snape rolled his eyes, for wont of a better reaction to all this Gryffindor insanity, and wondered who would get to Potter first – Charlie or Granger. He found that he didn't much care. Perhaps there would be some great drama and he would be kicked from their care, and then he wouldn't have to think about things like admitting he wanted Potter's help.

Lunch arrived on a tray as usual, despite Molly's assertions that he would have to begin feeding himself, and Snape vowed that he would brave downstairs to return the tray and tell her he would come down for tea. But first he went to the bathroom – which was when he heard Potter and Hermione on the landing. Or at least, he heard Hermione's piercing voice cry, "Harry!" and paused to hear the rest of the conversation.

"Oh, I'm glad you're up, Mrs Weasley was going to send you up some lunch. We told her you were ill – are you?"

A grunt, presumably negative.

"Then what on earth is up? You haven't fallen out with Ginny, have you?"

"No," said Potter, sounding his usual tired, sullen self. "Well, yes, but that's not the problem. In fact, I think – I think I need to talk to you about it, because it's driving me mad."

"Oh," said Granger, sounding concerned. "Is it serious?"

"No," said Potter. "Or at least... can we not talk about it in the hall?"

"Of course not. Come in here, Ginny's busy downstairs playing chess with Charlie and she won't mind if we borrow her room for a while."

The open and shut of a door, and now Snape was filled with curiosity as to what Potter would say. He could easily go back to his room and cast an eavesdropping charm on the bedroom above. And since they were, in fact, talking about him...

After a moment of deliberation in which he attempted to pretend he had a conscience and failed, he walked briskly but quietly downstairs and cast his charm, locking his door so that no one would walk in and find him apparently listening to voices in his head.

At first there was silence from upstairs.

"Is it really that bad?" said Granger eventually in his ear.

"No. Yes. It's really stupid. But I'm just so angry!"

"What about?" said Granger fearfully. Silence.

"Would it help if you talked to Ron instead –"

"No! No, I don't think I should tell him just yet. I mean, it's none of my business..."

"Is this something that happened last night?"

A silence, presumably a nod.

"When you had that long talk with Ginny?"

Another silence.

"After, then, when you went storming off?"

"Yeah," said Harry softly. "Ginny said some really weird things. She was off with me all night after she danced with Snape. So I went inside to see if Snape was still up and what he'd said to her, but he wasn't in the house. Through his window I could see light at the bottom of the garden, so I figured he must have gone off to lurk or something, so I went down there again and he was round the back of the shed. With Charlie."

A pause, in which he could almost hear the embarrassment radiating from Potter and the confusion from Hermione.

"And... did you fight? Were they fighting? What next?"

"Erm, he was with Charlie. As in... with."

Another pause, and Snape dearly wished he could see Granger's face.

"Oh my gosh," she squeaked eventually, barely audible. "Are you sure? I mean, they weren't... fighting, or something? It must have been dark..."

Potter laughed hollowly.

"What I saw was pretty unmistakable. Weird kind of fight when they've got each other's hands down their pants."

Granger giggled, a shocked, quickly stifled noise.

"So... are you angry at Charlie?" She asked, after a long pause. "For going with Snape? Or do you think Snape was t-taking advantage?" Another horrified sort of giggle.

"No," said Potter, and Snape was surprised. Whatever was he angry about, then? Was it plain old homophobia? "Charlie was in an ideal position to leave, but it kind of looked like he was having fun. Er, a lot of fun. And so did Snape. God, Hermione, I am never going to be able to look at either of them again!"

Not that you were looking at me anyway, thought Snape, wondering why it was so annoying.

"Is that why you're angry?" said Hermione.

"No," said Harry. "Well, yes, but that's not it. It's Snape! I mean, what about my mother? Wasn't he supposed to love her like mad? I mean, everything he did in the war was for her, but apparently now it's over he's over her, at least enough to be doing stuff around the back of the shed with Charlie Weasley!"

Snape shook his head. Potter was distraught because he thought Snape was being somehow unfaithful? The boy was insane.

"Harry..." began Hermione softly. "Are you sure Snape did everything for your mother? I mean, obviously he cared about her very much, but surely he must have realised at some point that her death wasn't the only reason the Dark Lord was evil. I mean, he's worked so tirelessly for us all – would he really have done so much just for a woman he loved as a child?"

"I don't know," said Harry miserably. "But it's what I was basing everything I thought I knew about him on, and he's messed it all up and confused me again. Did he even love my mother? Was it a lie? Maybe he really was evil!"

"You don't believe that," said Hermione softly.

"I don't know! Certainly all my friends seem to be so close to him all of a sudden."

"Harry... no one's close to Snape, but we're beginning to like him more – or at least I am. We've all been trying really hard, because we thought that was what you wanted. For everyone to see Snape differently?"

A dry laugh.

"Yeah, but I keep seeing him differently. Am I ever going to figure him out?"

A pause, and a quiet hum of contemplation from Hermione.

"Snape is complicated, morally dubious, deeply uncomfortable with things like kindness and affection and at the moment, very vulnerable," she said eventually. "I think his motivations in the war were probably selfish and selfless at the same time, I think he has the capacity to be completely beastly, but I also think that if we prove we care about him, he'll not let us down. He might have started off on this path for your mother, but I think he was – Dumbledore's man, at the end."

"I – think so too," said Harry, sighing. "I just wish I could... decide how to feel about him. He's always known how to – get to me."

"I think you should talk to him. He's been nice to everyone else, he'll probably at least... try."

Another one of Potter's hollow laughs.

"I don't think he ever really hated any of you," he said. "But I'm pretty sure he hates me. Even if part of it was because he had to... I don't think anyone can fake it that well. And I'm not sure I can take it if I try and patch things up and he throws it back in my face."

"Why does it matter to you so much?" said Hermione softly, mostly curious. Severus concurred with the tone immensely.

"If I knew that, life would be a hell of a lot easier," said Harry. "I think he's just... an unresolved issue. I think maybe when his name's cleared and he's all sorted out, maybe things will be better. I feel like I owe him, and maybe I do."

"So you'll talk to him, then? I really think it will help."

"I dunno if I can, Hermione. I mean, I saw him –"

Another giggle, undisguised this time.

"Yes, well," said Hermione. "Are you going to tell anyone?"

"Of course not. Come on, Hermione, I'm sick of thinking about it. Let's go get some food."

Snape deactivated his spell and stared blankly at the door. He realised that was the longest he had heard Potter speak since his near-death. God, he hated that boy, who knew so much of him, whose egotism knew no bounds and who'd invaded Snape's privacy more times than he could count. Who yet again was keeping his secrets. Who looked like his father but had his mother's eyes to taunt him for his failure, and who had been the centre of all Snape's efforts for too long.

Potter was right. There was unfinished business of the highest degree. Snape had owed the boy for too long, had hated him every second of it. He'd spent too much of his life revolving around Harry bloody Potter. It was time to change.

Snape had the creeping feeling that such a change might only come about if they found some peace.

He picked up his tray and swept downstairs as gracefully as his recovering limbs could manage.

"Oh, Severus, you're up and about! Oh, you didn't have to bring the tray down, dear, I was just fixing Harry a plate of lunch and then I was coming to fetch it!"

"I thought I'd save you the journey, Molly. I might also like to come down for tea, if that is possible."

"Oh, of course! I'll send one of the kids up when it's ready. Unless you'd like to spend the afternoon downstairs? They are in the living room playing chess, I believe. Oh, Harry, you're up! There's lunch for you, dear, would you like it in the lounge?"

Snape turned for the lounge and reached the door just as Potter and Granger attempted to go through it. He gave them a nod – both of them went bright scarlet.

Snape pushed past them scornfully.

"I am the king of everything!" Ronald Weasley was crowing from their fireside chess match, while Ginny glared from opposite and George and Charlie laughed heartily. "I am the ultimate master of chess! I am unbeatable!"

"Are you quite sure about that, Mr Weasley?" said Snape, and Ron gaped for a moment before a grin spread across his face.

"That a challenge, sir?" he said.

"Indeed," said Snape, more curious than anything else, and Ginny scrambled up to allow him to sit at the board. She crossed to Charlie's side, who grinned at Severus in a relaxed way that boded well for future conversations; Snape nodded at them both and sank to the floor as gracefully as he could.

Weasley reset the scoreboard calmly, a look of concentration on his face that was quite unfamiliar to Severus, and the game began. Weasley was, in fact, rather a good chess player, which had Snape at a disadvantage initially for the crime of underestimating him; however, it did not handicap him unduly once his error was corrected, and the game began to stretch out far longer than their audience's attention span.

After nearly an hour, the entire household was sat in the lounge, half-watching, mostly chatting. George began to take bets. Snape wondered which of them would take it worse if they did not win.

"Checkmate."

The entire room stilled.

"Checkmate," repeated Weasley, disbelieving, and began to grin, a smile which faded as he looked up at Snape. The tension in the room visibly thickened.

Snape sighed.

"Well, I'm sure that proves it, Mr Weasley," he said dryly. "Clearly, you are, as you said, 'King of Everything'."

Ron laughed.

"We have got to play again some time," he said. "Nice to get someone who's actually competition."

"Oi!" said Charlie. "I taught you all you know, brat!"

"I'm still better than you," said Ron smugly. Snape rose, extremely stiff, and Ron caught his arm in a casual way to steady him. Snape brushed it off impatiently; Ron did not appear annoyed.

"Oh, here," said Charlie, rising from his seat. Snape attempted to protest – Charlie caught him by the arm and all but pushed him into the seat.

"Really, Mr Weasley, I do not appreciate being manhandled."

A raised eyebrow and a half-repressed smirk from Charlie. Snape raised an eyebrow and dared him to comment.

There was a sound something like a strangled squeak from Hermione.

"Tea, anyone?" said Charlie cheerfully.

A chorus of "Brilliant!" and "Yes please!" went up.

"I will assist you," said Snape. Charlie looked as if he wanted to protest on the grounds of Snape's illness, but then he smiled and nodded.

Charlie laid out eight cups and Snape cleaned out the rather amazingly large teapot on the sideboard. Kettle boiling, They turned to each other and Charlie grinned ruefully.

"Er. So. Did you want to – talk?"

Charlie looked unsure. Snape allowed his lips to twitch up into what might have been loosely termed a smile, had he been inclined to do such things.

"Only if you feel that anything needs to be said, Mr Weasley. Rest assured, I understand what last night was – fortunate, pleasant, casual, and without future promise or expectation."

Charlie grinned and nodded, looking relieved, and any anxiety that there might be some further social obligation faded from Snape's mind.

"You can call me Charlie, you know," said Charlie, grinning.

"You may call me Severus, if you wish," he said.

"Hmm, Severus," said Charlie, voice low. "It's a good name."

Charlie cast a guilty glance at the lounge door and placed a soft kiss on Snape's lips. Severus was sorely tempted to try for more, but the Weasley kitchen was hardly the place.

"I'm going home tomorrow," said Charlie. "But next time I'm in England, feel free to call in."

Snape smiled.

"It would be a pleasure to do so."

"Right, shall we sort out this tea, then?"

At that point, Potter emerged from the lounge, attempting to avoid looking at anywhere that Snape and Charlie might feasibly be.

"Potter, this is the Weasley kitchen. I doubt you'll find anything to offend your delicate sensibilities here."

Potter found the strength to look up and glare.

"Yeah, well I thought that about the Weasley shed, too," he said, and then bit his lip guiltily when Charlie winced.

"Harry," he began, and Potter smiled at him, tense but apparently genuine.

"Sorry, Charlie, I didn't mean anything by it, and I'm sorry about, erm, last night –"

"Don't apologise, Harry, what say we forget all about it?" Charlie grinned, apparently at ease now, and offered Harry his tea. "Wanna give me a hand with these?"

"I, um, wanted to speak to Snape, actually," he said, and those defiant green eyes pierced him.

"Oh, right, of course," said Charlie, and six cups sailed into the lounge with him.

Snape looked down at the boy, and sighed.

"What is it, then, Potter?"

Harry picked up his tea and looked around the kitchen.

"Can't we talk somewhere else?"

"My room," proposed Snape, and led the way before Potter could react. He swept through the Burrow's corridors somewhat less gracefully than the Hogwarts halls, but if Potter's face was any indication, the effect was almost the same. He swept into his room and whirled, overjoyed to be in his proper robes again.

Harry shut the door and then stayed looking at the floor, like a recalcitrant first year. It would have been satisfying if it was not irritating.

In an attempt to get Potter to actually talk instead of staring into nothing, he sank down onto the edge of the bed.

"Well?" he said eventually, when nothing seemed forthcoming, and Harry finally looked up.

"I dunno where to start, really," he said.

"Pick somewhere," said Snape darkly, "Before we both die of old age."

A flash of annoyance, and it seemed that Potter was completely dysfunctional without anger to fuel him. Well, Severus was more than happy to wind him up, but if Potter wanted to settle their differences it seemed counter-productive.

"Alright," said Harry eventually. "Did you actually love my mum? Do you still love her? Because the whole doe Patronus thing seemed to imply it, but what with Charlie –"

"Ah, so in order to truly prove I loved her, I must stay faithful in every way, despite the fact that we never actually had a relationship and she has been dead for nearly two decades?"

Potter looked annoyed.

"So you do still love her?"

"You may want to consider what definition of love you are using. I loved her utterly, like the only kind person that had graced my young life, like a girl who cared for me despite my manner and my clothes and my looks and still tried to love me even while I pushed her away. I loved her like a ray of light in my miserable existence, to be coveted and protected and adored, in short, like the sister I never had."

Harry stared.

"Oh," he said eventually. "Oh, I see."

He smiled distantly at the floor. Severus scowled; he had spent too long thinking of Lily to entertain Potter's reminiscence now.

"Does that cover it, Potter?" he snapped, and the boy shook his head.

"No, not at all," he said, and a note of fury crept into his voice. "I was going to ask what the hell you were playing at, dancing with Ginny, but now I realise the answer is pretty obvious. You were just being your usual horrible self."

"Not just," said Snape. "It was also for the benefit of Miss Weasley, stuck as she was with an oaf who would rather see her unhappy at the side of the dance floor all night than put up with a few minutes of shuffling uncomfortably."

"I danced with her!"

"Because I did," he said smugly, and watched with pleasure as Potter grew red enough to burst a blood vessel. Potter's anger would never cease to be entertaining.

"Yeah, you did, and you said something to her, because she was weird all night and she's being really distant and what the hell did you do?"

Snape sighed.

"She was foolish enough to ask for my opinion on your relationship. I answered honestly. If anything I said struck her as truth, that is hardly my fault."

Whatever Potter had been expecting, apparently this was not it, because he stared in confusion and growing fury. Snape sighed.

"So –" began Harry, a fearful note in his voice, and Snape raised an eyebrow. "What – exactly did you say?"

"I said I thought you were appallingly poorly suited and though you would probably throw yourself into the motions of building a family you would most likely both be deeply unsatisfied."

Harry stared.

"That's crap. We are suited, everyone says we are, and I – I love her! What would you know about it?"

"I know that you are sullen and dysfunctional and unhealthily fixated on this idea you have of a traditional family with millions of children to give you all the love you've been missing. I know Miss Weasley is headstrong and energetic and hardly wants to settle down any time soon. I know –"

"We've never talked about soon!"

"But most professional Quidditch players will not retire until at least forty. Are you telling me you will wait twenty years for your children?"

Potter looked appalled, and Snape felt smug.

"Let me guess," he continued. "You were thinking you would propose when she comes out of school, engaged for a year, get married, and a few years after that when it starts feeling quiet between the two of you, start spawning?"

Harry shrugged, looking anguished and angry.

"Something like that, yeah! What business is it of yours? You don't know us!"

"I know you, Potter," he said, a silky murmur. "I know you've thought sisterly thoughts about Ginevra more than sexual ones. In fact, poking round your head, there were a distinct lack of sexual thoughts relating to girls. Your wank fantasies are vague and androgynous and your feelings upon kissing one of the more beautiful girls in the school amounted mostly to embarrassment – in fact I can recall more times when you thought Diggory handsome than Chang. And you happily confuse your possessive feelings for Ginny with desire – I know all about both, Potter, and I can tell."

Potter looked wiped blank with shock. Snape smirked, and watched as a blush crept crimson over Potter's cheeks.

"Is that what you told Ginny?" He said eventually, voice strangely hoarse, and Snape, much to his surprise, realised that he really might have hit something. He had not truly been entertaining the notion that Potter was gay; it seemed unthinkable, and for all he'd not seen girls he'd also not seen any boys, and Lord knows the boy had reason enough to be a bit of a late bloomer in the sexuality stakes. But something in Potter's face, a faint, hunted look behind his eyes, made him wonder.

"No, Potter, I rather recalled it on the spot as a way to irritate or offend you. Not that there isn't any truth in it," said Snape reflectively. "More than I realised, if your face is anything to go by."

"I'm not gay!" said Potter finally, a little too angry and a little too late. Snape laughed, quite unintentionally.

"I assure you, I have no desire to contemplate it. Now, are we done?"

Potter glared.

"We're done," he growled, and stormed out.

Snape found himself in an unaccountably good mood all day.