"I'll be spending Christmas at House's," Wilson said diffidently. "Give him the chance to eat my turkey, y'know. But I thought I'd come up here for New Year, if that's OK?"

"Sure," Chris said gruffly. "I'll have Christmas dinner at one of my restaurants, Linus'll probably join me. You don't have to go visit family, then?"

"I'll be doing that too, but before Christmas, for Hanukkah, just for a couple days," Wilson explained. Chris was slightly surprised, Wilson had to be one of the least observant Jews he'd ever met, but Chris supposed one had to please the parents. Chris's own parents had died many years ago, but he remembered attending midnight Mass with his mother for years after he would have otherwise chosen not to go.

"House will do anything to get out of going to his family for Christmas," Wilson added. "I went with him a couple of times, years ago, and it was always hell."

Chris spent some time wondering what House's parents must be like, to have spawned someone like House.

Christmas had been very difficult for Chris for the last two years without Edward, and he found this year was the same.

On Christmas Day, he went to visit Edward's tree. Chris had had the tree, a small sapling, planted after Edward's death. It had a little 'In Memory of... ' plaque and everything, and as far as Chris was concerned the tree was Edward's only memorial.

There was also a more conventional gravestone to him in the nearby cemetery, but this meant nothing to Chris. He'd gone to visit it once, a few weeks after Edward had died, and been almost sick when he'd seen the huge gaudy floral decoration that had been put there by Edward's wife. She had always refused to divorce Edward, insistent that he was just going through a phase, denying that their marriage was over even though they hadn't lived together for years at a time. Including a full six years before Edward's death. She'd thrown all the blame for Edward dying onto Chris (like Chris needed any more guilt about it than he had already). And she had been out in force playing the loud grieving widow and making a tearful scene at Edward's funeral. This was something else that made Chris sick when he thought about it.

She hadn't been able to stop Chris walking away with the urn of ashes at the end, though; Chris and Edward had had the foresight to hedge themselves in with as much legal protection as they could in the circumstances. Chris taken the ashes along when planting the tree. He'd dug the hole, then Linus had held the trunk steady, while Chris sprinkled the ashes in with the roots and piled up earth all around.

Chris had spent hours at a time sitting under the tree in the year after Edward's death, chain smoking and hoping Edward would forgive him for it. And other things.

He didn't visit so often now, but this Christmas Day he wrapped up against the cold and sat there for quite some time, until he could hardly feel his fingers and toes. Eventually he got up, stamped around a bit to warm up, got back on his motorcycle and drove to his beach side steakhouse restaurant to meet Linus for dinner.

He was late, and found Linus sitting comfortably at the best table overlooking the grey sea, with a half-empty bottle of red wine on the table.

"Hey, Linus," Chris said, dropping into a seat.

"Merry Christmas, Chris," Linus intoned. He looked at Chris, who was blowing on his fingers to keep warm, and frowned. "You're frozen. You've been out at the tree, haven't you?"

Chris nodded curtly.

Linus reached across and poured Chris a glass of wine. "Chris, I know I've said this before..."

"So don't say it again," Chris interrupted.

"... but you have to move on! It's been well over two years now. And, I hate to say it..."

"So don't!" Chris picked up the glass, agitated.

"... but you'll never get over Edward while Wilson is around," Linus ended firmly. "I know you love him—" Chris jerked convulsively in his chair—"and God knows so do I, he's such a darling, but I swear it's like having Edward's ghost drifting alongside you sometimes."

"Linus, I so don't want to talk about this right now." Or ever. Chris gulped red wine.

"Where's the pretty boy anyway?" Linus asked. "With the other timeshare holder?"

"Yeah." Chris considered this miserably for a few seconds, then drained the rest of his glass. "I get him for New Year. Are you having one of your open house nights?"

"Yeah." Linus brightened up. "Are you coming? I thought you'd be at your club."

"We'll be there at midnight, but we'll come along to yours afterwards." Chris brightened up too, pleased to have changed the topic of conversation. Linus let the subject of Wilson lie, and they had a very long and very pleasant Christmas dinner.

Wilson was there as promised for New Year. They kissed at midnight at the club in the middle of the dance floor, merry hordes celebrating and dancing all round them.

They then went on to Linus's place, where Linus had hooked up with a young man with streaky blond hair, hazel eyes and an enviable set of rippling chest muscles. It ended up with Wilson fucking the young man while Linus and Chris watched ("Prettiness overdose," Linus muttered, and Chris agreed wholeheartedly). Wilson sucked Chris off afterwards, while Linus jerked off over the other man's face, and Chris looked back on the night as a very Happy New Year indeed.

The morning after, on New Year's Day, Chris woke to find himself in bed in one of Linus's spare rooms. It was nearly noon. Chris got up slowly and wandered through the house; it was empty except for voices coming distantly from the kitchen. He came down the stairs and recognized Linus and Wilson, having a chat.

He arrived at the bottom of the stairs and was just about to join them, when he heard Linus say, "But enough about me. Tell me about your man in Princeton."

Chris paused on the bottom stair, intrigued to hear what Wilson would say.

Wilson laughed rather awkwardly. "House? Um, he's a difficult person to describe."

"Well, start at the beginning. Where'd you meet? How long have you known each other?" Linus sounded friendly and inquisitive. There were sounds of clinking china, and Chris envisaged them having breakfast. Chris sat on the stairs to listen.

"We met at Columbia, House was a resident, I was a med student," Wilson sounded as if he'd paused to slurp some coffee. "Fifteen, maybe sixteen years ago. We lived in the same shared house for a bit, before, um, I got married and moved out. We've both moved around a bit since then, working in different places, but somehow ended up working at the same hospital in Princeton a few years ago."

Wilson went on to talk a little about House as a diagnostician and about the infarction that had crippled him two years ago. He was clearly uncomfortable talking about House. Still, Chris hoped Linus would press him a bit more, and was dismayed when Wilson reached a natural pause, and ended by saying, "Your turn. Tell me about Chris and Edward. Chris won't talk about Edward, I've tried asking him, he won't."

No do not fucking tell him about me and Edward, Chris thought frantically. He nearly got up to interrupt, but hesitated for a fraction of a second too long.

"Well, they were meant to be together," Linus said with a heavy dramatic sigh, the old queen, and now morbid curiosity impelled Chris to listen. "If it hadn't been for that bitch of a wife of Edward's... but the least said about her the better. They were the perfect couple, Chris and Edward. 'Course, Chris still blames himself for Edward's death, probably always will, the idiot, it was an accident, nothing he could have done..."

There was a crunching sound, as if Linus had bitten into a piece of toast. Linus continued, moving into gossip mode, his voice slightly indistinct as he ate. "Chris went completely into his shell afterwards—he was like a monk for about a year, you know. Worked and did nothing else. Then he discovered that having short-term sex with good-looking stupid young men could help him forget. The casting couch saw a lot of action, I can tell you. I thought it was a good sign at first, but it was like drugs, the longer he carried on, the more he needed to feel the hit. It got ridiculous in the end. I had to do something, so I took him away on vacation, we went to Europe—I was going anyway on business, we made a holiday out of it for the first few weeks. I think it helped. Anyway by the time I came back, a couple of months later, he'd had his house redecorated and started this MBA... all good, I thought. I thought he'd moved on..."

Linus's voice trailed away, but his tone indicated I'm not so sure now. Chris knew he shouldn't be eavesdropping, and it wasn't like any of Linus's opinions were new to him, but it was interesting nonetheless. He wished he could see Wilson's reaction.

All he got was Wilson's voice, a little diffident, asking, "What sort of person was Edward? I don't know anything about him, except that I look a bit like him. And I'm a bit fed up with people telling me that."

Linus chuckled. "I'm sure you are, honey. Edward... was a bit like you, not just in the way he looked, he had the same kind of, shall we say, endearing nerdiness, that you have—"

"Oh thanks," Wilson said, laughing a little.

"And he was kind, and nice. Soft-hearted, a bit too much so. And he was a great lay, I can tell you."

Chris smiled involuntarily; that was such a Linus thing to say.

"He wasn't practical and organized like you are, though—he was always in a bit of a muddle," Linus continued thoughtfully. "But then he was one of these creative types. Always getting ideas, and bounding off to write them down or drawing them on the back of a napkin. He was an architect, you know."

"I didn't know." Wilson sounded surprised, as if he'd never thought about it. "What sort of architect?"

"He designed houses for people. Not this monstrosity of mine, but he designed Chris's house," Linus explained. "In fact, that was how they met."

"Really," Wilson said with great interest.

And now Chris stopped listening, because it was like a cold hand had gripped his heart inside his chest. He hadn't thought about this for ages, years, perhaps—and suddenly it was vivid in his head.

Standing on the scrubland beside the sea, proud new owner surveying his territory, waiting to meet the architect he'd had recommended to him... Being joined by the slightly late and breathless scruffy young man with spectacles and floppy hair... Walking the area, discussing ideas, Chris hardly able to believe how attractive the other man was... Back a few days later, Edward bounding up with large pieces of paper, breathless this time with enthusiasm, putting the papers down on a large boulder by the sea, talking and pointing through his ideas... Back again, with more ideas and actual designs, sitting close and discussing the detail, breathing increasingly quickly and their first kiss, tender, tentative and terribly erotic - broken by Edward blushing and pulling away, muttering he had to get home to his fiancée... Making out in the sand dunes late one evening in the dark, with just the moon illuminating the slope of Edward's shoulders and the outline of his jaw... Consummating their relationship among the timbers of the half-built house, twisting and bucking with sawdust and cement surrounding them...

Chris felt his throat closing up, and he stood up and walked back up the stairs as swiftly and quietly as he could. Upstairs, he threw open a window, stuck his head out, and breathed in fresh air. He didn't cry, but was completely choked up; he stayed there for some fifteen minutes before he was sure he wasn't going to crack.

As his head cleared, he thought miserably, It's been more than two years. I really should be doing better than this.

Maybe Linus had a point.

No, he didn't. Chris refused to accept that. He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and went downstairs to the kitchen. He made a lot of noise on the stairs going down.