The Girl at the Bus Stop
by alan14
Copyright© 2021 by alan14

Chapter 36

After we’d showered and dressed Jenny asked, “What time do you have to return the Bentley.”

“As soon as possible really.”

“Ok, let’s get it back, then we’ll head off to Camden to find Lia.”

Downstairs Belle was busy making sandwiches while Poppy was busy with a pile of ironing. Katie emerged from the utility room with a fresh pile of bedding.

“Ok girls,” Jenny started, “we’re going to take the car back then go to Camden to find Lia.”

“Can you give me a few minutes to make her bed please?” Katie asked.

“Give me a second to finish this shirt and I’ll help you,” Poppy offered.

“Amazing, thanks.”

As they made the bed I dug a load of plastic food tubs from a cupboard and filled them with the sandwiches Belle had made.

“There’s some cheese + onion and chicken + mayo sandwiches as well, I thought we could give them to any girls we see on the way, and I’ve got some cartons of juice and chocolate bars.”

“Excellent work Belle,” I said as Jenny packed everything into a backpack, “I’m sure they’ll be welcome.”

“I’ll say, I’d have been over the moon if someone dropped some roast beef sandwiches and a carton of Ribena in my lap,” Belle replied as she grabbed her army jacket from the hall cupboard.

A few minutes later we were packed into the Bentley, Belle on Poppy’s knee, Jenny had the heavy backpack of supplies in the footwell.

“It’ll be such a shame to lose this car,” I lamented as I parked it back at the rental place.

“We could afford one,” Jenny replied.

“Yeah, but it’s too big for the streets around here, it’s awkward to park at home, and there’s one too few seats for the number of bottoms in our family.”

“I don’t mind sitting on Poppy’s lap,” Belle offered.

“I’m not sure Poppy would agree after a few hours on the drive up to York.”

“He’s got a point Belle,” Poppy told her, “it’s fine for a few minutes, but not for a long journey.”

“Yeah, your legs are boney, I’ll get a sore bum.”

“Anyway, for the number of times we need a car, I think we’ll just carry on using rentals.”

Sally greeted us at the door, I handed her the key and she passed it to Derek, who dashed out to take the car home.

“Did you enjoy your trip, Belle?” Sally asked as she processed the damage deposit refund.

“I did, it’s such a fantastic car. We met gramps, and it was so nice to catch up with him, and he gave me a photo album so I’ve got some pictures of my mum.”

“That’s amazing, I’m so glad you had a good time.”

“Do you have any nice cars like that one, but with 5 seats,” Belle asked.

“Mmm, let me see, Ahh yes, it’s not really the same style, and not quite as luxurious, but we have a Porsche Cayenne over in Bromley, we could have it brought over if you give us enough time before you book.”

“Can we have a Porsche next dad, pleassseeee!” Belle asked, going into full puppy dog eyes mode.

“Anything that will keep you quiet,” I turned to Sally, “thank you so much for the upgrade, it made a great trip even better, we’ll be back for the Porsche in a couple of weeks I think.”

“Hey Belle, introduce me to your family.”

“Oh yes, sorry. This is my new mum, Jenny, she asked dad to marry her yesterday, so we’re still a bit giddy. And this is Poppy, she’s a goddess and kept me safe on the streets, and this is Katie, who is just amazing, and helped Poppy so much when she started back at school.”

Sally approached Poppy, “Belle told me about your story, and mentioned your charity. I’ve spoken to Derek, and if it’s ok with you, I’d like to make you our partner charity for next year.”

“Oh wow, thanks! Err, what does that mean?’”

“Well, it means we’ll feature your charity in all our branches with posters and collection boxes. We’ll mention you in our adverts, place your logo on all our print adverts, you’ll get a donation from every rental.”

“Will we need to do anything in return?” I asked, as Poppy was too dazed to speak.

“Just a small mention in your literature, something like ‘Our car rental partner is Regal Car Rental’.”

Jenny stepped forward, “err, sorry to break in, but what we’d really need is a couple of vans, preferably electric ones to save on Congestion Charge fees. So instead of donations, maybe you could lease us a couple of vans at discount. Slap your logo on them and they’ll be a useful advert.”

“Now that’s a great idea, let me speak to Derek tomorrow. He’s got the Bentley to impress his mistress, so he’ll be in a good mood.”

“Mistress?” Belle asked, “he said wife the other day.”

“Haha, his wife thinks he’s at a Ford launch event tonight.”

“Ahh, naughty boy,” Belle laughed.

“She definitely suspects something, and the worst thing is, I’m sure she suspects me. She always watches me closely when she comes in.”

“Oh dear, I bet that’s awkward,” Katie sympathised.

“Very awkward. I don’t even know who he’s dating, so I can’t point her in a different direction. Besides, he’s a good boss, so I don’t want to get him in trouble.”

“How do you know he’s having an affair?” Belle asked, enjoying the scandal immensely.

“Because every time he borrows a flash car for a night out he comes back in a very good mood.”

“Ahh, I guess that’s a clue. If he’s sleeping around, why’s he not tried it on with you?”

“Haha, he did once, when we were out for drinks after work, so I showed him a photo of my boyfriend, he’s a boxer. He’s never tried it on again.”

Belle clapped her hands in delight, “brilliant, I like you a lot, Sally.”

“That’s nice, because I think you’re amazing, all of you,” Sally replied as we walked to the door, “where are you off to with the heavy backpack?”

“We’re off to try to find another of our friends,” Belle replied, “we’re hoping Lia will come home with us and help run the charity.”

“I hope you’ve got a big house.”

“She can have a room of her own if she stays, or we’ll find her somewhere to live if she doesn’t want to stay with us,” I replied.

“I can’t see how anyone would refuse an offer to live with you.”

“She’s been on her own for a while, sometimes you find you can’t bring yourself to share living space,” Poppy replied, “I’m sure she’ll be fine though, because she was always very friendly in the squats.”

“Where are you heading? It’s a bit of a walk to the underground from here.”

“We’re starting in Camden, that’s the last place we saw her,” Poppy replied.

Sally turned and yelled “JOEY!”

A lad in dirty overalls appeared a moment later, “yeah?” he drawled.

“Get the keys for the Q7, I need you to drive this family to Camden,” she told him before turning back to us, “here’s my number, if you find her before we close at 5, ring me and I’ll send Joey to pick you up.”

“There’s no need, we can get back on the Tube,” Jenny replied.

“It’s a hell of a journey, and I’ve heard the Victoria Line has problems today, just give me a call and I’ll send Joey to pick you up.”

“Isn’t he busy?”

“Not today, he’s just tidying the workshop, he’ll be glad of an excuse to drive the Audi.”

“Thank you so much Sally, you’ve been incredibly kind,” Poppy said as we climbed into the big Audi a moment later.

“This has got 7 seats,” Sally told us, “so as long as you only find one more person, you’ll all fit nicely.”

“We’ve only got room at home for one more person,” I replied.

“You never use the gym,” Jenny laughed, “I’m sure we could turn that into another bedroom.”

And with that we waved goodbye to Sally as Joey drove us out of the car park and onwards to Camden.

“Where are we going?” Joey asked.

“Do you know Camden at all?” Poppy replied.

“Yeah, I lived there for a bit.”

“Ahh great, do you know the Roundhouse?”

“Yeah, been to a lot of gigs there.”

“Ok, so there’s a Methodist mission just past there.”

“I know it.”

“Great, so drop us outside the all night diner on the corner.”

“I know the place, used to eat there after gigs, I lived in a flat over the road.”

“Ahh, I used to sleep in the alley behind your flat for a while.”

“Oh man, were you one of the kids who slept behind the laundrette?”

“Yep, and now we’re going to try to find another girl who sleeps there.”

“I always felt so bad about you kids, but there wasn’t anything I could do to help, I never had much cash to give you. I once beat up a couple of lads who were heading your way to do some mischief, I guess that was a bit of help.”

“That was a lot of help Joey, thank you,” Poppy told him.

“So where do you think your friend is?”

“The last time we saw her was a couple of weeks back, and she was in my old spot by the laundrette. She collects in the tube and on the high street near the Gregg’s bakers.”

“Let me phone Sally, I think I know who you’re looking for, I’ll stay and help.”

“Oh no, you’ve got to get back to work,” Poppy told him.

“Nahhh, there’s nothing for me to do today, this is way more important.”

Joey parked the car down a side street and we all clambered out and stretched our legs.

“So you say she was sleeping down that back street when you saw her last. If we’re thinking about the same girl, then she’ll be there now as she avoids the high street when it’s busiest,” Joey started, “and if she’s not there, then I reckon she’ll be over behind Karim’s, his early shift often hand out warm samosas and bhajis after lunch.”

“Oh man, I’d forgotten about that place, they have the best samosas,” Belle sighed.

Poppy took hold of Belle’s hand, “we’ll look down here first, give some of the sandwiches away to anyone we find, then we’ll go get you some samosas.”

“The lamb ones with the minty yoghurt dip, they were heavenly.”

“Yes, those,” Poppy told her as they set off ahead of us.

Joey picked up the heavy backpack like it weighed nothing and walked behind them, Katie walked with Jenny and me as we took up the rear.

We saw a group of people sitting together towards the end of the alleyway, Belle ran ahead, she shook her head as she stopped, no Lia, then she crouched down and started to chat to the group.

Poppy asked Joey to open the backpack, she pulled out a couple of tubs, a pack of chocolate bars and some drinks cartons.

“Ahh, that’s what’s in there,” he said as Poppy zipped it back up.

“Hey guys, we’ve got some food,” Belle said as Poppy crouched down by here side, “I made these fresh this morning, I’ve got roast beef, onion and mustard, there’s some cheese and onion, and chicken with mayo.”

“Poppy!” a girl at the back of the group cried, “oh fuck I’ve missed you girl!”

“Oh man, Maci, it’s so good to meet you, here grab a cheese and onion or you’ll not have anything you can eat,” Poppy replied, picking up the tub and passing it across to Maci.

The girls chatted for a while, none of them had seen Lia that day, they thought maybe she’d managed to get a place in the hostel at last.

“I so hope she has got a place,” a girl at the side of the group said, “she’s too decent for the streets. You need a hard streak to survive, and she’s not got that.”

“Oi Honey! Are you saying I’ve got a hard streak?” Belle cried.

“No, you’re as lovely as Lia, but you always had Poppy to look after you, Lia isn’t so lucky.”

The girls helped themselves to sandwiches and passed the empty tub back.

“Oh wow, this is amazing,” a blonde girl on the right cried out, “this is the best beef I’ve ever eaten.”

“I roasted it last night,” Belle said proudly, “my new mum and day got engaged yesterday, so we made them a meal. Oh shit, where’s my manners! This is Katie, our sister and girlfriend, isn’t she gorgeous?”

The group all agreed, “you three are all stunning,” Honey told them.

“And this is Alex, he started the big family off by rescuing Poppy, you know when she disappeared.”

“We heard Wesley had killed you,” the blonde girl whispered.

“He tried Ashlee, he definitely tried,” Poppy replied.

“Oh god, we were so worried for the longest time, then we heard rumours that you were back, then there was those horrible murders, was that really Max?”

“Some of them, we don’t know who did the rest. Jeremy has taken Max away so the police can’t find her, although our mum is the police, so I didn’t just say that.”

Jenny crouched down next to Poppy, she gave the group a huge smile, “hi girls, I’m Jenny, and yes, I’m ‘the police’, although my focus is runaways, so I’m really not concerned about Max. What I am concerned about is helping you girls any way I can. I know absolutely for certain that sending runaways back home is usually the worst course of action, I also know that shelters aren’t always safe, so sometimes all you have to rely on are your friends.

“Have you heard about Poppy & Belle’s charity?”

They all shook their heads.

“Ok, so what we’re going to be doing initially is finding food and passing it out in places where the street kids are, rather than making you leave the safety of your shelter to find food. We’ll also be sourcing sanitary products, and soap, and shampoo, and clothes. And we’ll be bringing it to the people that need it.”

“So, it’s a huge job,” Belle picked up, “Jeremy is helping, but we need lots of people, so I guess what we’re asking is, when we start the ball rolling, and word gets out about us, we’d like some people to step up and help. We’ll be working with all kinds of other groups, so you’ll be able to access counselling, training, doctors, all kinds of community groups.”

“Shit, that sounds amazing,” Ashlee said, “you can definitely count me in.”

“We have one other favour we need to ask, Belle and me, we’re writing a book about our life on the streets, and we want to talk about the people we met, which means you lot, and others, so I was kind of hoping we could come down one day and interview a few people, and take your photos.”

“Of course, we’d be happy to talk to you, this is going to be a proper look at the streets I guess, not some kind of glossy account. You want the bad and the good.”

“Of course, that’s why we want to talk to all kinds of people.”

“If we gave some of you a camera, would you take photos for us as well, to properly document your lives.”

“That’s a great idea.”

“Then, once you give us the memory card you can keep the camera, sell it, trade it, whatever,” Jenny told them.

Poppy stood and helped Belle up, “are you always around here, or do you move? It’ll be a few weeks before we’re ready to start. It’ll be before Christmas, definitely.

“Here, or behind Karims, or across the park, behind the high street,” Honey answered.

“Fantastic,” Belle replied, then she kissed her fingers and touched each of the girls on their lips, Poppy and Katie followed suit, then said our goodbyes and crossed the road to Karim’s.

“Why did you do that?” Jenny asked, “kiss your fingers and touch their lips.”

“Because kissing them properly is a bit dangerous,” Katie replied, “Poppy told me you can catch things that way.”

“It was a nice gesture. Do you know all those girls?”

“Only three of them, Maci, Honey and Ashlee,” Poppy replied, “did you recognise the other three Belle?”

“Nope, sorry, and I was a bit embarrassed to ask for their names.”

Katie jogged back to the group, “Jules, Hanna and Daisy,” she told us as she caught up.

“Daisy, she’s the redhead, right,” Joey asked.

“Err,” Katie said as she counted on her fingers, “she was fourth, next to Ashlee, so yeah, the redhead.”

“She’s cute, I went out with her a few times when I lived round here. I think she only went out with me to sleep in a warm bed every now and then.”

“Why do you say that, you’re a decent looking guy,” Katie asked him, “I’d date you if I wasn’t gay.”

“Thanks, I guess,” Joey laughed, “but that’s the thing, so is she.”

“Ahh, Alex’s sister told us that gay girls like to sleep with boys sometimes,” Belle told him, no mention that she enjoyed it as well, “so don’t feel like she was using you, she probably does like you.”

“Thank you, that does make me feel better.”

We waited for the traffic lights, then dashed across the road as a cold rain started to fall.

“Oh, those poor girls back there,” Jenny cried as we dashed out of the rain into Jerry’s cafe.

“They’ll actually be ok at the moment,” Poppy told her, “the wind is blowing towards them, so the walls will shelter them, and the laundrette is open again, so they’re getting the warm steam, it smells really nice there as well, did you notice that?”

“Yes, I did,” Jenny answered.

“I was worried, because last time we were here the laundrette was closed, it never used to close, they do bedding for hotels, so they’re normally working 24 / 7.”

We took a table and Jerry brought 6 mugs of tea over before we’d even asked.

“So glad to have you back again so soon Mel,” Jerry said with a smile as he put the heavy tray down.

“Hey Jerry, we found Belle!”

“I noticed,” he laughed.

“And this is our mum, Jenny.”

“Are you the detective who was on the telly the other day?”

“I might be, it depends what you were watching,” Jenny answered, teasing him.

“It was about the dead girls over in Swiss Cottage.”

“Then yes, that was me. Poppy told us about the bodies, that’s how we found them.”

“Oh, were you there?”

“Yes Jerry, I was, one of the girls was killed while I was there, it was horrible.”

“Oh no, that’s terrible,” he replied, a note of genuine concern in his voice, “give me a minute.’

We took our mugs, Joey poured sugar in his, “why did he call you Mel?”

“That was my name, before I was called Poppy, it’s a long story.”

“Ok, no further explanation needed.”

“We used to stay here all night when it was really cold.”

“I think I remember, you sat here, with a girl with curly black hair?”

“Yeah, that was Joanie.”

“I thought I recognised you. You always looked so pretty, even when you were filthy, and err a...”

“A bit fucked up and battered?” Poppy finished for him.

“Yeah, that. I wanted to talk to you, but I never knew what to say.”

“Hello would have been a good start,” Poppy replied kindly, “and you’re talking to me now, and thank you, for being a proper nice guy, helping us find our friend.”

“My pleasure, honestly, I feel bad about not helping before. Now I can.”

“Are you full time at the hire centre?”

“Not yet, I’m on an apprenticeship, hopefully they’ll keep me on when I finish.”

“Well, if you stay, you’ll get to help our charity, because you’re partnering with us for the next 12 months.”

“I’d like that, you’re all decent folks.”

A few moments later Jerry returned with another tray, he placed it on the next table and passed three mugs to the girls, they were piled high with whipped cream, and dotted with marshmallows and a flake.

“This was always your favourite drink Mel, I hope you haven’t grown out of it.”

“Oh man!” Poppy cried, “I knew there was a reason I loved you so much.”

“Anyone need a refill?” Jerry asked as he took the girls’ tea mugs away.

We asked for a fresh tea and Jerry returned a few minutes later with three more teas and a jug of milk.

“What brings you back Mel?”

“We’re looking for Lia.”

“Oh, I can help you there, she’s got a place in the hostel. They have prayer meetings on Sunday afternoons, compulsory prayer meetings. The meeting ends at 2:30, everyone usually runs away from the place as soon as it’s over.”

“What time is it?” Poppy asked.

“It’s about 20 past.”

“We’ve got 10 minutes to finish these drinks,” Poppy said seriously.

Katie put a calming hand on Poppy’s arm, “it’s ok, don’t rush your favourite drink, I’ll go and wait for Lia.”

“You can’t go up there on your own!” Poppy replied.

“It’s fine, she’ll probably panic if we all went together anyway. I’ll wait where I can see both doors, hopefully she’ll recognise me.”

Belle leaned close to Poppy and whispered in her ear, Poppy smiled, “of course, that’s a great idea Katie. Text one of us if she’s nervous about coming to meet us.”

Katie pushed her mug over to Belle, “you can finish this if you like,” and dashed out of the door.

“She really fancies Lia,” Belle told us, “like, really fancies her, she was so excited this morning, that’s why she’s changed all the bedding in Helen’s room even though it was all clean anyway.”

Jenny smiled at me, Poppy saw it.

“What are you smiling about,” she asked suspiciously.

“Well, I just got this feeling that whilst you both love Katie a lot, she’s not quite as close with either of you as you are to each other.”

“So you thought you’d find her a new girlfriend...” Belle said.

“Did I do wrong, is Lia straight?”

“It’s a good plan mum,” Poppy replied, “I don’t know if Lia is straight or gay, the subject never came up, she was always lovely, but not really tight with any of us. I can say she seemed genuinely flattered when Katie kissed her.”

“Well, that’s a start.”

“It is, mum. We really do love Katie, it’s just she’s not led the life we have, there’s so much she doesn’t know, and can never know.”

“Won’t that be the same with Lia?” I asked.

“Lia, as far as I know, has never been a sex worker, she begs, she busks sometimes, she’s done bits of odd jobs here and there, you know, day labour in warehouses and stuff. She’s always been clean though, you know, no drugs, no sex. She’s just a totally decent girl, who for some reason ended up on the streets. I really don’t know what happened, do you, Belle?”

“No, I don’t. I just know she’s pretty, and clever, she always seemed to keep to herself. She was with us for a little while after the squat was demolished and we all lost touch. She never started a conversation, she liked to listen, she’d answer questions, and sometimes she’d just ramble on about something she’d seen. She was really good at telling stories.”

Joey looked around the table, “so, let me get this straight, and I’m passing no judgement here, as you’re all amazing people. Katie is your girlfriend, and sister, right?”

“Yep, we love her dearly,” Poppy replied.

“And you’re OK with her picking up another girl.”

“Oh yes, because we like Lia,” Belle told him.

“Amazing, you really are amazing. Wow, I’m going to enjoy knowing you.”

“So, while we wait, do you like Daisy?” Poppy asked.

“Yeah, she’s cute, and she was fun to be with, but like I said, she’s gay, so there’s no chance of it being serious, and I don’t live round here anymore, I’m back at my mum’s in Merton.”

“Do you like Sally?” Belle asked.

“Yeah, she’s pretty, and she’s really nice when we go out for drinks after work, the other sales person, Judy, she’s all snotty with me because I work in the garage.”

“I think she likes you,” Poppy said.

“She’s got a boyfriend,” Jenny broke in, “she told us.”

“I don’t think so,” Belle replied, “she looked at Joey too long for someone who was just giving him a task.”

Joey blushed at this.

“So, why don’t you ask her out?”

“No way, she’s out of my league.”

“Don’t ever say that,” Belle told him, “nobody is ever out of anyone’s league, also, we know the bastard her sister went out with for a while, pond scum is a step up from him.”

“What would I say?”

“Are you free tonight?” Poppy asked.

“Yeah, I’m free every night except Tuesdays and Thursdays, I’m at college then.”

“Cool,” Poppy said as she picked her phone up and walked away from the table.

“Hey Sally, It’s Poppy. I’m so sorry, we’ve kind of kidnapped Joey, he’s helping us look for Lia...”

She listened for a while, “ ... yeah, he’s really nice, and knows the streets around here, so he’s been really helpful ... yes, he is isn’t he ... listen, we’ve been chatting, he went out with one of the girls we’ve just met for a while, so we got thinking, he’s a really nice guy, and he kind of fancies you ... yes, Belle guessed that was a fib to get rid of Derek ... hahaha, she’s a smart girl ... mmm, well, he’s free tonight ... ok, yes, great, I’ll let him know.”

“Err, what was that all about?” Joey asked.

“Sally says you can take the car home after you drop us off, get changed and meet her in the pub at 5:30.”

“Seriously, she said that.”

Poppy put a hand on his arm,”would I lie to you Joey? Really, what would be the point? You’ve been a great help this afternoon, and we want you to help us out again with the charity.”

“I guess, nobody’s ever fixed me up with a girl before.”

“That’s a shame, I guess you’ve not got an older sister.”

“No, just me and my mum.”

“And you don’t want your mum fixing you up,” Poppy laughed.

“No, and you don’t want your gran fixing you up,” Belle added with real feeling.

“I’m guessing there’s a story there,” Joey replied.

“Yes, I’ll tell you one day, after you tell us all about your hot date tonight.”

“Oh shit, this is real isn’t it, what do I talk about?”

“I reckon you can break the ice by talking about your adventure this afternoon, and the pushy girl who fixed you up.”

“Bollocks, I’ve got no money until payday, I’ll have to call it off.”

“No you won’t, it’s my fault you’re going on this date, so I’ll stand your drinks, I’m sure Sally will insist on going halves,” Poppy told him as she opened her purse, sliding a few notes across the table.

“I can’t take that!”

“Ok, I’ll take it back, then for the rest of your life you’ll be wondering about the one that got away.”

“Damn, I’m not going to win here am I,” Joey sighed.

“Not with my kids you won’t,” Jenny smiled as she popped another couple of notes on the pile and slid it closer to him, “get her a cocktail on me, maybe two.”

“Thanks,” he said, slipping the money in his wallet, “I’ve still no idea what to say to her.”

“You’ve been out with girls before, haven’t you,” Belle asked.

“Yeah, like I said, I went out with Daisy a few times.”

“And you talked, and did stuff afterwards...”

Joey blushed again.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”

“It’s ok, I’m really not used to such frank talk, especially with girls.”

“We’re pretty open minded, it kind of goes with the territory when you live on the streets.”

“I guess, err, yes, we talked about music, she recognised my Arctic Monkeys t-shirt. And yes, afterwards she came back to my flat and we kissed for a bit, then went to bed.”

“And that is all you need to do, talk to Sally about what you’ve done this afternoon, then see where the night leads you. Just don’t be pushy, if she wants to go home, take her home, if she asks you in for coffee then you’re on, if she just kisses you in the taxi, then leave it at that, there’ll be a second date, I’m sure.”

“Absolutely,” Poppy agreed, “she likes you, but not every girl is happy to go all the way on the first night. The worst thing you can do is be pushy then ruin both any chance you have with her, and your future employment prospects.”

“Oh god! No, I’d never do that, I’m just the opposite.”

“I thought so, because if you were pushy you’d have come and talked to me when I was here in the before times. You’re a sweet guy Joey.”

“Thanks Poppy.”

“Do you need any kissing lessons?” Belle asked.

“Ahh, I think I’ll be ok, but thanks all the same,” Joey laughed.

“And that’s what I wanted to happen, you were so tense, you’ve got a lovely smile.”

“Oh, err, thanks.”

“I’m still happy to give you kissing lessons if you want them,” she added brightly.

“If I get stuck tonight I’ll give you a call, ok.”

The happy chatter stopped when they heard the door open.

Poppy jumped to her feet, “Lia!” she cried as we saw Katie walk in holding Lia’s hand.

Joey stood so Katie and Lia could sit together between Jenny and Poppy. Lia looked a lot tidier than the last time they’d seen her, she was wearing new clothes, or at least clean ones. She’d had a shower, her hair was clean and fastened in a ponytail.

“Hey, I need to buy a new shirt for tonight, I’ll leave you all to catch up for a while, I’ll come back in about an hour, is that ok?”

“Thanks Joey, you’re a star,” Poppy replied as he walked to the door.

“Ok Lia, you know most of the people here, I think there’s just Jenny, our mum.”

“I think I recognise that guy.”

“Ahh yes, that’s Joey, he used to live round here,” Katie replied.

“And he dated Daisy sometimes,” Belle added.

“Ahh yes, that’s where I’ve seen him before. Daisy likes him, despite her general aversion to men... ‘ Lia paused for a moment then looked at Jenny, “sorry, distracted, hi Jenny, I’m Lia.”

“Hi Lia, I’m so pleased to meet you. Are you hungry?”

“I’m starving, I was on my way here anyway, Jerry makes amazing cheese on toast, I think it’s the Worcestershire sauce that does it.”

Belle pulled a tub out of the backpack, “I made some sandwiches for you, there’s roast beef with onions, I roasted the beef myself, I’m so domesticated now, it’s unreal. There’s also cheese and onion, I didn’t make the cheese though.”

“Aww, Belle, you’re still so cute and sweet. I’d love a roast beef sandwich, that’s if Jerry is ok with me eating in here.”

“I’m fine with that,” Jerry replied as he placed a big mug of tea beside her sandwich.

“I’ve loads more sandwiches, is it ok if we leave any leftovers for the girls who come in later?”

“No problem, Belle, and I’l be sure to tell everyone you made them.”

Belle blessed Jerry with her sweetest smile, “thanks Jerry. How much do we owe you? We’ve had so many drinks, especially those lovely hot chocolates.”

“You owe me nothing sweetheart, your smile is the only payment I need.”

“Aww, don’t be silly,” she replied, digging in her coat pockets, she pulled out a twenty and passed it over, “that’s probably not enough, if it’s more tell me, you can’t be out of pocket because of us.”

“I saw you both on the telly last night,” he said proudly.

“Noooo!” Poppy cried, “did we look awful?”

“You looked beautiful, you both did, and you spoke so well. There’s more tomorrow night, an interview, I’m thinking of bringing my telly in here so everyone can watch you both.”

“Did we really sound ok? We weren’t given any warning, we were ambushed in this big room full of strangers, Belle spoke first and, well, she’s Belle, nothing ever fazes her. Then I had to speak, and I just made it up as I went along.”

“Well, it sure worked, because I want to help.”

“You do enough for street kids already.”

“There’s always more to be done, Poppy. I’ve got a room behind the kitchen that I never use properly, it’s just got my recycling in at the moment. You’re welcome to have it to store stuff, I’ll start buying a little more from the cash and carry each week, you can have the extras. Your people can distribute from here as well, you know there’s plenty of street kids who need our help.”

“Oh Jerry, thanks so much.”

“It’s my pleasure Poppy. You’ve no idea how happy I was to see you looking so smart the other week. Anyway, I’m interrupting your reunion.”

“He. Is. So. Nice.” Belle whispered as Jerry walked back behind his counter.

“So, did Katie tell you why we were looking for you?” Jenny asked.

“No, does there need to be a reason?”

“Actually no, we like you and wanted to see you again, because you don’t belong on the streets,” Poppy replied.

“But more specifically, we want you to come work for us,” Jenny continued.

“For your charity? What could I do to help you?”

“You’re a smart girl, and you know the streets, and that’s experience we just can’t buy,” Poppy replied.

“You know the streets more than me.”

“True, but I’m 15, and legally I have to be in school, you’re 18, you can work for us full time.”

“True, but I’ve not got anywhere to live yet, I got a place in the shelter a couple of days ago and I’ve still not got a job, I’ve got to get a job in a few days or I won’t get paid in time to get some money to rent a room somewhere.”

Katie tentatively rested her hand on Lia’s, she didn’t pull away, “that’s where we can help.”

“You can have a room at my house,” I continued, “you can stay until you get enough together for a flat, or you can stay forever, that choice is yours, and yours alone.”

“Ok, and where would I work?”

“Ahh, this is where we’re not ready just yet. The charity is still in the planning stages, so initially that will be what you’d do,” she started to speak, so I held up my hand, “I know what you’re going to say, none of us knows what we’re doing, so before we do anything you will accompany me to meetings at my publisher, they have a dedicated charity division, and they’re going to help us. So, to answer your actual question, you’ll be working in the kitchen, in my office, at my publishers. Ultimately we’ll rent some office space, although I had an idea this morning. I may get one of those fancy garden rooms built and use that as an office, then you could work from there.”

“So you’ll pay me to work for you, and let me live at your house, where’s the catch?”

“There’s no catch.” Poppy and Belle said together, “we’d never trick you Lia.”

“Why me, of all the girls you spent time with on the streets? Flower, she’s much smarter than me, why not her?”

“Ahh, maybe not as smart as you think,” Belle replied quietly, “she got involved with Luna, ended up hooked on something, Jeremy’s helping her come off it. Same with Evie, she got mixed up with someone who got her on heroin, Jeremy’s taken Evie, Flower and Max out of the city.”

“Why Max?”

“Ahh, you’ve not heard. She went a bit off the rails when Poppy disappeared and started killing people.”

Lia looked at Jenny, “you’re the police, right?”

“Yes, I’m the police.”

“And you’re ok that Belle just gave you the name of a killer.”

Jenny sighed deeply, “can I just say it’s complicated, and leave it at that.”

“That’s ok with me.”

“Right, now before we go any further, I need to show you this,” she slipped the missing person’s report from her pocket and put it on the table.

Lia saw the paper and got up to leave.

“It’s ok Lia, I’m not going to say anything to anyone, we’ll explain further later, but just for now I’ll say that my number one priority is to help street kids, and if that means not returning them to abusive families, then so be it.”

Lia relaxed and returned to her seat, “I’m not telling you why I ran away.”

“That’s fine, I won’t ask. If you want to tell us then we’ll listen, we won’t judge, and we won’t try to persuade you to go home. I only showed it to you because Belle didn’t think anyone was looking for her, she thought her grandfather was mad at her for running away.”

“I know they’re looking, but I’m not going back.”

“Fine. That changes nothing, we want you to come and live with us, and to work for Poppy and Belle’s charity, we want nothing else from you.”

“And you won’t tell my family where I am?”

“Absolutely not, you’re an adult, I don’t have to report your whereabouts to anyone.”

“Great, if Poppy and Belle trust you, then I’m happy to go home with you and see how I fit in with your life, but understand that this is a risk for me, because if I don’t feel right in your house, I can’t get back in the hostel, ever.”

“Oh my, I’d not thought of it that way,” Jenny replied, real concern in her voice.”

“Ok, this is what we’ll do,” Poppy said, “come back with us, if you don’t like the big house in Wimbledon with a lovely park over the road, then me and Belle will fund a deposit on a flat for you, your wages from the charity will cover the rent.”

“More than anything,” Jenny told her, “we want you off the streets and helping the charity.”

“This seems to be very much a win / win situation doesn’t it.”

Poppy nodded, “It was very much a dreams-do-come-true-sometimes situation for me.”

“Yep, for me too,” Belle agreed.

“And me,” Katie added.

Lia closed her eyes and sighed, “you know, I’ve been out there for 18 months, maybe more, I can’t remember. You just get used to it, and the thought of change becomes really scary. You’re like, I can live on the streets, I know where I’m safe, if I go to a shelter there’ll be people I don’t know, I might not be safe.” She opened her eyes and looked at Poppy, “did you ever feel like that?”

“Not really, but you know how messed up I was, even after i got off the drugs and shit I was always a bit fucked up.”

Lia turned to Jenny, “ok, I’m in. I’ll need to sign out of the hostel, and I’ll see if they’ll let me keep the clothes they gave me.”

Jenny stood as Lia left the table, “I’ll come with you, so they know you’re safe.”

We watched Lia leave, followed closely by Jenny and Katie.

“That was harder than I expected,” Poppy sighed.

“I guess because she’s been on her own for so long, she’s developed trust issues,” Belle added.

“Do we know what happened to her, why she ran away?” I asked.

“Not for definite, she never told me anything, did she speak to you Belle?”

“Not really, she didn’t speak to me about home at all. I remember Flower said she hated her brother, not sure why.”

“Do you think she’ll be ok being in the house with me tomorrow?” I asked.

“Oh gosh, we’ll all be in school, and mum will be at work,” Poppy replied. “I’m sure if we assure her how nice you are she’ll be OK.”

“She’ll need some clothes,” Belle said, “the shelter will have given her a few second hand things, so she’ll have stuff to wear, but she’s tall and slim, so none of our clothes will fit her. Take her shopping tomorrow, it’ll give her some time to get to know you.”

“That’s a good idea, Belle. Thank you.”

“Everyone loves shopping, and you can take her for a nice lunch in John Lewis. I remember Lia used to love looking at the cakes we could never possibly afford in the cafe. She’ll love you if you buy her a cake.”

“Ahh yes, we’ll need to go there to get her a laptop and phone so she can work, and then we’ll pop in to see Esther at the office, she can give Lia some advice about running the charity.”

“She’s so clever, I have every faith she’ll be a great asset to the charity,” Poppy said, “oh! Why didn’t I think of this before? How much do we pay her?”

“That’s a question I’ll ask Esther tomorrow. If she doesn’t want to live with us we’ll have to make sure we pay her enough to pay her rent.”

“Definitely, but I’m sure Katie will be able to persuade her to stay.”

“I’m excited to hear about this office you plan for the garden,” Belle chipped in suddenly, “I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

“Oh I have, I saw something in a magazine once,” Poppy replied, “they’re like log cabins for the garden, with big windows, they look really nice. It’ll be a great place to work, you’ll be able to see the trees, and hopefully some squirrels, I love squirrels.”

We heard the door open and I turned to see Joey returning.

“Oh hey Joey, did you find something nice to wear tonight?” Belle asked.

“Yeah, I got a Ralph Lauren shirt for less than half price from TK Maxx, and some nice cologne.”

“Let me smell it,” Belle asked, “Obsession, I love this, very manly. Can we see the shirt? Oh, pink, brave choice, it suits you though.”

Poppy agreed, “I love it, and I really like Obsession as well. You’ve done well. Have you still got money left to buy some cocktails tonight?”

“Oh yes, did you see how much your mum gave me?”

“No, I didn’t, she made you put it away too quick.”

“Ahh, she’s paid for the shirt and cologne with plenty to spare, I think we’ll be having steak for dinner tonight.”

“Yayyy,” Belle cried, clapping in delight, “I’m so happy now.”

“She’s a few years older than me, do you think that we’ll be ok?”

“I really do, honest, it’s not like she’s a lot older, what is she, 24?”

“Wow, good guess, and I’m 19.”

“That’s nothing, really,” Poppy told him, “stop worrying or you’ll never enjoy yourself. Oh yeah, nearly forgot, Lia recognised you, and she says Daisy really likes you, so she wasn’t using you at all.”

“Oh, really. I feel awful for thinking badly of her.”

“Well don’t, I’m sure you’re not the only boy who wondered about a gay girl’s motives for staying over.”

We were saved further introspection as Lia returned, she had a carrier bag in one hand, Katie’s hand in the other.

“I had to sign more forms to take Lia away than I had to adopt the girls,” Jenny told us as she sat down beside me, “it seems that even though Lia is an adult, I’m now legally responsible for her welfare as far as the shelter is concerned.”

“I’m so sorry, I didn’t expect that at all,” Lia apologised, “they’re a good shelter though, the girls I spoke to in there were all happy with the help the shelter gave them finding work, they got me three job interviews.”

“Oh really, where at?” Poppy asked.

“Two of them were at supermarkets, one was at an animal shelter, I was kind of looking forward to that one.”

“Oh dear, I’m sorry if we’ve taken that opportunity from you.”

“Don’t be sorry Poppy, I’m sure the work wouldn’t be as interesting as what you’re offering, and I’d have to find somewhere to live that I could afford on minimum wage. You’ve offered me work, food and shelter and I’ve been kicking myself for sounding so sceptical earlier.”

As we stood to leave, Poppy called to Jerry, he came from the back of the cafe drying his hands.

“Hey Jerry, meet our first employee, once we get up and running she’ll be doing the liaison between HQ and the ground teams, so she’ll be coming around regularly to see how things are going.”

“Congratulations Lia, it’ll be good to see you regularly. On that note, you mentioned cooking simple meals like soups and stews. I’ve been thinking, and I can help there, I’ve got a mobile kitchen we don’t use anymore, I’ll bring it round and park it in the yard at the back, you’re welcome to use it.”

“Oh man, that would be great,” Poppy replied.

Belle raised her hand, “oh oh! I’ve got an idea!”

Poppy laughed, “you’re not in school yet, you don’t have to raise your hand.”

“I’m just getting in practice, OK,” Belle replied stropily, “anyway, we could do cooking classes. All those times we dreamt about food and had no way to make it. I could run lessons for kids while we cook.”

“That’s brilliant,” Lia told her, “that beef was amazing.”

“Just you wait until you’re home, I have a million recipes in my head that I’m dying to cook.”

“Great stuff,” Jenny said, “you said the kitchen hasn’t been used for a while, let us know how much you need to spend to get it cleaned up and running.”

“Ahh, don’t worry there, my brother has a workshop, he’ll be doing it as a favour. He doesn’t know yet, but he’ll do it.”

“Excuse me,” Joey broke in.

“Put your hand up if you want to speak,” Belle teased.

Joey actually blushed and started to raise his hand before Lia stopped him, “err, I’m doing a car maintenance apprenticeship, I’d like to help. It’ll be good to get a chance to work on something bigger than a car.”

“I’m sure he’ll appreciate the help, seeing as he’ll be working for free. Do you know Walthamstow at all?”

“Yeah, I’ve some cousins who live there.”

“Do you know the arches along Lea Bridge Road?”

“Yeah, I know them.”

“Great, go see Tyler, tell him I sent you. If you want to earn a bit of extra cash I’m sure he can give you some real work as well.”

“Thanks, always happy to get a bit of extra cash.”

“An extra bit of cash will come in handy,” Belle said, “I’m not saying it’s a man’s duty to pay for a night out, but it’s nice if you can treat your girl every now and again.”

“Have you got a girlfriend?” Katie asked.

“Hopefully,” Belle replied, “Poppy’s fixed him up with Sally from the car place.”

“Oh wow, she’s so pretty.”

“Mmm, yeah, she is, so I kind of don’t know why she’d like me.”

“We’ve already discussed this Joey,” Katie replied, “you’re a good looking guy and if I was into men I’d definitely be interested. You’re also really nice, you’ve helped us this afternoon when you didn’t have to.”

“Now you’re all embarrassing me, shall we head back?”

“I’ll see you soon, Jerry,” Lia called as she walked out of the cafe, followed by Belle and Joey, Poppy took Katie’s hand, hanging back a little.

“Belle told me how you feel about Lia,” she whispered, “and I want you to know that none of us are exclusive, if you want to be Lia’s girlfriend that’s absolutely fine.”

“Mmmm, thanks, I’ve been feeling awkward because you can never love me as much as you love Belle.”

“I love you more than you’ll ever know Katie, and I love you too much to trap you when you want to see someone else. We’re all friends more than anything, and we can all still have fun together whenever we like.”

“Thank you Poppy.”

“Be careful with Lia, we don’t know why she ran away, and until she’s ready to tell us there may be bad dreams.”

“I’ve learnt my mistake there, I’ll stay with her, I’ll hold on tight when she’s feeling bad.”

Poppy kissed Katie tenderly, “you’ve got a beautiful soul Katie, I hope Lia sees that.”

“Belle’s right about you Poppy.”

“About what?” Poppy asked, puzzled.

“Everything, everything she’s ever said about you is true. You’re a goddess, because only a goddess would be as kind and completely honest as you are.”

“Mmm, I’m just a girl, Katie.”

“No, you’re so much more than that.”

“I guess we’ll never agree on this. Go and get your girl.”

“Thanks Poppy,” Katie replied as she dashed forwards and took Lia’s hand.

Jenny pulled Poppy into a one-armed hug, “I’m beginning to think she’s right as well Poppy. We’d struggle to find another person as wonderful as you.”

Poppy started to cry a little, “but, I’ve done so much bad stuff, I can’t be a good person.”

“Oh Poppy, you still don’t understand do you, just because you did stuff that seems bad to survive doesn’t make you a bad person, especially since you clearly know the difference between good and bad. Look how happy Katie is, and Belle, I’ve never seen anyone as happy as Belle. If nothing else Poppy, you’re working miracles on your friends.”

Belle joined us then, “are you OK Poppy? You’re not upset about Katie are you?”

“Just the opposite Belle, I’m happy for her, I’m really, really happy for her, but I’m also confused about why you all think I’m so good when I don’t think I am.”

“Do you know what you need Poppy,” Belle told her.

“What?”

“You need a good kiss, come here.”

Jenny let Poppy go and we walked on, “we’ll wait 5 minutes, then you’re going to have to make your own way home,” she laughed and Belle took Poppy behind a wall for some privacy.


37