This is the song that the night birds
&nbspsing as the phantom herds trail by
Horn by horn where the long plains fling
&nbspflat miles to the Texas sky
And this is the song that the night birds wail
&nbspwhere the Texas plains lie wide
Over the dust of a ghostly trail
&nbspwhere the phantom tall men ride
- Omar Barker

The air is sweet with pine and new grass and bathtub gin. The track up to The Hayward's barn is twisted and closely lined with trees, the ruts deep where harvest vehicles sink heavy into the earth with migratory regularity. Pale pink copperheads lie hidden to the side of the track, coiled and still.

Jensen slows as he approaches the barn, smoothes back his hair, wipes damp palms down the dusty cloth of his pants.

He can already hear the jug band playing; the low roll of sound and rhythm.

He pushes open the barn door and there is the smell of hay, and sweet, clean sweat, dark tobacco, and fresh apples. The bodies are thick, crushed in tight and dancing or talking or flirting or trying to do all three. Jensen skirts the room, sidling past the trestle table groaning under a mass of cherry and peach pies, the pastry golden and flaky and rich with butter, and flagons of cider and moonshine. He avoids the dancers, keeping his back to the wall, until he reaches the corner of the makeshift stage and is close enough to watch the hands and mouths and feet of the musicians.

There are two jug players, one guy on washboard, another with a guitar, and a tiny little slip of a girl with a mandolin.

Jensen starts with their feet, watches how the heavy farm boots belonging to the two jug players twist and stomp along to the rhythm. Their boots are caked in mud that peels off onto the wooden stage, crumbling beneath heavy sole. The washboard guy's shoes are a little more ragged, the leather split and worn, one big toe peeking through on the left, the sole of the right flapping slightly as he taps along in double-time.

The girl has her best Sunday shoes on. Glossy and neat, where she's perched up on a stool, the patent leather shined spit-bright. Her feet twitch and jiggle, never pausing for a moment, and Jensen thinks he's probably never seen such happy feet.

The guitar player's boots are more expensive, the leather tooled and detailed, the boots more for show than work, the stitching almost delicate in places, twisting into patterns of stars and flames, different shades of brown layered side by side. Jensen watches how sharply he taps his foot, how he marks the time and sets the rhythm for the rest of the band.

With hands there's more of a remarked difference- The jug players move their hands little, one finger may tap along with the tune somewhat but mostly it's just the shift and rock with the rhythm. The washboard man's fingers dance swift and clear up and down the metal groves, flitting light, tapping and rapping out a quick percussive sound.

The girl's fingers are a joy to watch. The deep bowl of the instrument is crooked into her narrow body, and her thin boned fingers skitter fast and twitchy across the strings. It's less elegant than what Jensen would have expected, but the sound that little girl makes with her mandolin is something else, something more.

The guitarist's hands are all smooth confidence. The sweeping cock to his wrist, the long lines of his fingers, each strum sounding out loud and strong, no fumbling notes or struggling chords. Jensen finds himself leaning forwards, trying to catch closer glimpses of them as they play across the strings.

As for mouths, Jensen doesn't even pretend to watch the face or mouth of anyone but the guitarist.

Most of the tunes the band plays are instrumentals but there's a few where the washboard player or the girl with the mandolin sing low and soft. The guy with the washboard has a deep throaty voice, the girl higher but with a sweet reedy sound to it.

The guitar player sings backing and harmonies and Jensen struggles to pick out his voice from the rest.

He thinks it may be a little off-key, but low and rumbling for all that.

The dancers knock into him from time to time, some of the girls smiling at him, all white teeth and bright hope as they press against him and mutter half-hearted apologies. Some of the fellas knock into him a little harder, give him looks that are all brash fight and growling challenge. Sometimes their hands linger too.

Jensen snags a mug of cider when the band takes five minutes to rest and get their breath back. He throws half of it back down his throat in one gulp, surprised how thirsty he is, how dry his mouth. He steps back up to his place at the corner of the stage.

"Hey." The girl has propped her mandolin up carefully beside her stool, her thin little hands wrapped around a cup of moonshine. "You enjoying yourself? I don't think I know you. Thought I knew everyone here. Small town, you know? But, I saw you a-watching and thought on how I didn't know who you was." She grins. "I'm Kasey-Ann Sproight."

Jensen blinks, almost thinks about stepping back where there's more air. "Nice to meet you, Miss Sproight." He shuffles to the side slightly as a body shoves roughly past him. "I've only been in town a few weeks, haven't met all that many folks yet, I guess." He pauses, hands feeling slick with perspiration, "I'm Jensen, Jensen Ackles."

"Well, it's nice to meet you," she bobs her head with such vigor Jensen suddenly isn't certain that there isn't something wrong with her. "You liking the music, I know we ain't what you might hear in them big cities but we do alright, yeah?"

"No, you're real good. I really like it."

"Well, good!" She steps back and snatches up her mandolin. "Stick about after if you ain't got no place to be, you can say hello to the boys."

The band throw themselves back into the music, no worse for having been playing for hours already. The dancers too twist and whirl with abandon, slim legged kicks, and snaking hips.

When time comes for the music and dance to wind itself down, Jensen lingers, helps old widow women put away the trestle tables, and sweep up pie crusts and scattered stogie ends. There a few other guys obviously waiting around, not wanting to leave and go home and Jensen watches Kasey-Ann smile and lean close to a tall dark haired fella with a squint eye.

He waits until the guitar player packs himself up and walks right past him, eyes fixed on a pretty blonde who's wearing a dress tighter than most of the farmers' daughters hereabouts.

The town, Haywards Bend, is little. Nothing but a stopping point between decent sized towns that can claim to have a railroad station a piece. There's a central crossroads with a general store, a boarding house, two restaurants that compete to get what could be considered the cream of the town, and a hardware store. Beyond that it's small cabins and farmsteads.

Jensen's spent two weeks doing odd jobs; painting fences for Widow Smallwood, mending the roof for Pastor Dixon, getting rid of the rats for the Misses Salisbury and Gruen. When he's had the pennies he's bought a room in Mrs Carter's Boarding House, when he hasn't he's found a corner to curl up in. Cleaning himself off in horse troughs, scrubbing the dirt away with cold grimy water, hunched over and half naked in the livery stable.

The weekly dances up at the Haywards Barn are what he looks forward to, focuses on through the weeks. After a dance he tries to remember the songs and chords played, taps out the rhythm against his knees, hums beneath his breath. Before the jug band had been one fella with an accordion who'd gotten steadily more drunk through the evening to the point where he'd fallen off the stage onto a half dozen dancing couples.

When Saturday rolls around again he finds himself dusting himself off again as he walks up to Haywards Barn. The guitar player is there again, but purely as a spectator this time. On stage is a four piece band with a tea chest bass, kazoo, fiddle, and cornet. The sound they make is strange, a mix of cajoling, feet-stomping rhythm, and faint military calling.

Jensen presses himself up tight against the stage again, watching the feet, and hands, and mouths of the musicians.

Out of the corner of his eye he watches the guitarist from the jug band. He sways a little with the sound, but twists his face into a sneer whenever he catches the eye of one of the pretty girls that surround him.

As ever there is cider and moonshine stacked in heavy bottomed earthenware mugs on the tables that line the barn.

Jensen drinks and listens and occasionally dances; pulling himself away from watching the musicians to twist and laugh with one of the local girls, their thin waists beneath his hands, bright smiles sharp and pressed close and up. The local girls are all pretty and skinny and tanned skin beneath thin cotton dresses. He smiles at them whilst he dances, twirling them around fast as they giggle and writhe in his grip. Most confide they already have a boy they're going steady with, but they like him and hint that maybe –

Maybe -

The guitar player doesn’t dance, but Jensen watches girls fetch him mugs of drink and slices of cherry pie as he stands in judgment of the band playing.

Kasey-Ann turns up half way through the evening, turns her grin from the guitar player to Jensen before jumping up onto the stage and starts singing along uninvited.

The thin sound of her reedy little voice works in well with the low tones of the tea chest bass and Jensen finds himself tapping his foot faster along to the rhythm.

"Stupid little bitch."

Jensen glances sharply at the guitar player.

"No fucking sense, goddamn little witch."

The guitar player is leaning forward, eyes fixed up on the stage, glare curling around the girl's shiny black patent leather shoes.

"I… You alright?" Jensen makes himself step closer. "I enjoyed your playing last week."

"Of course you did. If you've got any damned sense at least."

Jensen nods slowly, "I liked the heat of it, you know? I can't explain, it was just…"

The guitar player turns then, smiling wide, big white teeth all on show. "Name's Saul."

"Jensen."

"Pleased to meet you. You play?"

Jensen shakes his head. "Sorry, I... Sorry, I sing a little, but I never learnt to play an actual instrument."

"You're not from around here are you, kid?"

"No," Jensen flits his eyes back up to Kasey-Ann on the stage, tucked in tight and whispering to the tea chest player. "No I'm not."

Saul laughs and slings a friendly arm around his shoulders. "Stick around then, kid. I'll show you what's what and we'll have a time or two."

Kasey-Ann clambers down from the stage after another two songs and Jensen loses sight of her in the crowd. He's watching Saul bend to laugh and whisper to a few of the prettier girls, wide mouth brushing lightly against their ears, one hand touching them on the arm or shoulder at odd intervals.

"Guy's a goddamn tomcat."

"What?" Jensen twists to look over his shoulder, a warm body pressing up close behind him.

"Saul. Cannot keep it in his damn pants. Tom-cats himself all over this fucking county and probably has a score of downright nasty diseases to prove it."

"Right." Jensen tries to pull away a little, feeling just a touch warm and ready for another jug of moonshine.

"Happy to go and stick it to anyone who smiles pretty at him. Thought you might like to know. Prefers the girls but happy to get his dick sucked by anything with a mouth." The man's shorter than Jensen, but with broader shoulders, eyes an unnerving blue. His arm snags out to clutch Jensen's elbow before he can step further back. "He don't know shit about music, and he don't know shit about boys, and he is not the sort you want to go hanging your hat on."

"I don't…" Two quick steps back and Jensen is in the thick of the crowd, sun-browned sweaty bodies sweeping by, people treading on his toes and throwing out careless apologies. He smiles at Mrs Hayward when he collects a fresh mug of moonshine from her, murmurs his thanks, and shifts to let the people behind him reach for their own drinks.

He finds a new place to watch the stage from, leaning up against a post and drinking fast.

Sometimes he catch Saul's eye and smiles faintly, fingers still tapping along to the music even though he knows he just not listening anymore.

Later, he's had three more mugs and has almost managed to focus on the band again. The fiddler doesn't have the technique of Buck, he doesn't think, but there's a lyrical quality, something that draws up the thought of the old country and fairy tales Jensen's never heard.

The tea chest bass he loves though, loves the deep vibrations it send through him, how he's damn sure he can feel it in the marrow of his bones, while the cornet sets his heart racing as it spirals up.

The end of the night is a blur.

His muscles feel loose with the liquor he's been steadily drinking, face flushed and pink, mouth damn near aching from smiling so hard at everyone and everything. His skin itches and he's sure the barn is so hot the hay in the loft must be just about ready to burst into flame.

He steps forward, intent on speaking to the musicians, letting them know how damned good he thought they were, and the world tilts just a little.

He laughs, grabbing the post to steady himself, feeling splinters dig deep into the palm of his hand and not caring much to do anything about it.

He wonders if Saul is still here, if he'd like some company, if he'd even look at him twice.

The thought of Saul's long fingers on those guitar strings, cradling the polished wood of the guitar, sliding down the tapered neck- Jensen shudders, a warm roll of desire curling low in his belly.

One more cup of drink, he decides, one more cup and then he'll see if Saul hasn't already found some girl dip his dick in.

Dalhart to Stratford. Over the Stateline and up to Boise City. A few weeks helping at a milking ranch, unpracticed hands working at stiff teats before jumping onto another freight car. Getting caught out by the railroad men between somewhere and nowhere. East onto Buffalo, hunking down low in the back of an open truck, burning in the day, achy with cold at night. A week at Enid, frying meat and onions, skirting around Oklahoma City and down to Fort Smith, a full month there, another Stateline crossed.

Then past Harrison to Haywards Bend.

Jensen tugs the blanket higher over his head, the light is strident, all morning sharpness and vigor. The bedding smells sweet and musty, mint leaves and tobacco, cotton ticking a little scratchy, a little worn.

His throat feels dry, that gasped out feeling that he knows from too much drink, too much smoke, and the bruised ache from letting a man shove into his mouth, shove deep, shove deeper.

He shudders and the pounding in his head switches up a notch.

"They'll be coffee ready in a few. Ox Eyes too if you think your stomach won't rebel overmuch."

He remembers Saul's hand curved hot and heavy about his neck, remembers stumbling to his knees a little, vision swirling and unsteady.

Saul had been heat and sweat and bitterness on his tongue.

"C'mon, sit up, son. Draught of coffee in you and the world'll stop play tilt 'n whirl, promise ya."

He remembers Saul's voice. Sharp and slicing into him. Can't remember the words, doesn't think he heard them even at the time.

Just that weight pressing at the back of his throat, and a hand snagging tight about his neck.

Struggling to breathe.

"They had a quarrel one day, Johnny he vowed that he would leave her, Said he was going away, He's never coming home."

Jensen pokes his head out from beneath the blanket. The guy's voice is syrup and charcoal, running smooth over slow burning embers.

He squints up at the guy, and it's the fella that warned him off of Saul, just as he suspected it would be. Still can't quite remember deciding to follow him home, but that's okay. He's done dumb things before when drunk, running off with a stranger don't make no never mind.

A yawn catches him unawares, and he struggles to sit up enough to grab the tin mug of coffee being held out to him.

"So, what d'ya remember from last night?"

Jensen frowns. "Most all of it I think. " He takes a sip of coffee and it's hot and thick and dark as tar. Café de Olla. Same as daddy used to make, no filtering the coffee just the grounds thick at the base of the pot. Careful, now, don't shake it up. Christ, gonna pick coffee out of our teeth all damned day. He focuses on the mug, the thick swirl of the coffee, the dark scent of it. "The important stuff anyhow."

"Such as?"

He shrugs. "The music. Downing more mugs of moonshine than I should. Saul after."

"My name's Christian, in case you was ever thinking about asking for it."

Jensen can feel a faint blush sear his cheeks. "Yeah. Okay. Jensen."

"Nice to meet you, Jensen."

He nods, looking off to the side. The cabin is sparse but well looked after, the floor freshly swept, a guitar placed carefully atop a high backed chair. He yawns again, wanting to snuggle back down into the warmth of the bed, curl up beneath the heavy weight of the blanket and sleep until any of this awkwardness has gone away.

"Here, finish your coffee, have a few bites of breakfast and I'll let you sleep 'til noon. That work out for you, son?"

Jensen nods gratefully.

The Ox Eyes Christian passes to him in a battered and dented tin plate make his stomach growl, the heat of the hot sauce, the soft give of the eggs. It's just a handful of seconds before he's devoured his first helping and Christian is loading up his plate again.

"Saul's a goddamn little fucker."

Jensen pauses, fork poised halfway to his mouth and dripping hot sauce.

"Never had any goddamn sense, and never knew how to treat..."

Jensen swallows, "Never knew how to treat what?"

Christian's mouth purses for a moment, sharp blue eyes studying Jensen's face, learning the angles and planes of it. "Never knew how to treat anyone that didn't respond well to fists. Never knew how to treat folk younger than him, folk that were messed up or needin'. Damn sure never knew how to treat boys." He sighs, "Knows fuck all about music too. Now give me your goddamn plate and sleep off the rest of the drink."

Jensen wakes for the second time to Christian's singing. He doesn't recognize it this time, not like the earlier few lines from Frankie and Johnnie. It's something low and soft, the words half lost in the hum of easy melody.

A smallish dog, possibly part beagle, possibly not, has curled up on the bed whilst Jensen slept. Fur and warmth and meaty breath all snug in the crook of his body.

"Hello, you," Jensen pats the dogs head clumsily. There's birdsong outside and the sun has slanted low.

He stretches. He dreamt, he thinks. Something to do with rivers and oceans. He's never seen the ocean yet, but he's seen some rivers since he's been travelling. Grassy banked meandering rivers, muddy wide expanses, rushing water low down between rocky cliff sides. Jensen never learnt to swim but in his dream he cannot recall any thought of drowning, any fear or lack of air, and thinks that's what he must have been doing.

Rolling out of the bed, bare feet hitting warm sanded down wood, he looks around for his shirt. He's still in his pants but all his other clothing seems to have vanished. His arrival here the previous night is a touch hazy; he can recall the walk up the hillside to the cabin, tripping over his own feet, roll of hip and sway to keep himself upright, can recall Christian's arm about his shoulder's, steering him back onto the path when he got distracted by the low wild sounds out in the night, deep burr of bullfrogs and creatures he cannot name.

He can even recall Christian kneeling to help get his boots off as he collapsed backwards into the bed, warm hands cupped about his feet for a moment.

Beyond that he knows he must have slept, that deep heavy sleep of the drunk and exhausted.

He moves out onto a wide porch that runs the length of the cabin, leans up against the doorjamb as he looks down to where Christian is seated Turkish style on the floor.

He's still singing, words sliding into one another until meaning is lost and just the gentle cadence remains.

In Christian's hands are three soft furred rabbits, their heads lolling to the side, necks snapped clean.

Jensen eases himself forward; he's a sense that if he moves too quick, or speaks, then something will break and the singing will stop and he will never hear this soft, lulling song again.

He takes one of the rabbits from Christian's hands, the body small and soft and cold. There's a spare knife lying by Christian's knee, the handle worn, the blade heavily knicked and dull. The first slit goes down the sternum, then it's the simple peeling back of skin, the wet meat of the rabbit slipping out whole and pink and naked.

It's a handful of minutes and then Christian's voice tails off. He nods his thanks then gathers up the meat and fur, clambering to his feet and going over to the little cooking lean-to on the side of the cabin. "Stew or just roasted?" he calls back.

"I should get gone," Jensen answers. "You've been real hospitable, but I should be going, get along back to town."

"Why? You got a bed to sleep in there? Or you got people to see to, son?" Christian pauses, one long breath, the light flickering noise of birdsong, the rustle of the wind through trees, clang of pots and pans. "There's plenty food here, for tonight at least. Now, do you want these damned conies in a stew or not?"

Jensen shakes his head though he knows Christian can't see him.

There's a muttered curse from the lean-to, and Jensen finds his shoulders hunching up around his ears. It's close to evening, far later than the noon that Christian said he would wake him at. A ghost of gnats hangs heavy in the air just off the side of the porch, and the small dog that had curled up beside him on the bed comes and snuffles at his leg.

Beyond pine, and the spilt blood at his feet, he can smell the meat roasting, the scent dark and smoking and enough to get his mouth watering.

When Christian brings over two plates, the rabbit crackle-skinned and tender, Jensen bites his lip before spitting out, "Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why all this? Why were you bothered with warning me off Saul? I don't understand."

Christian shrugs. "Eat up."

Jensen glares at him.

"Jesus fuck. Well I'm glad to see you've a bit of a spark about you anyroad. It's simple – I don't like Saul. I do like you."

Jensen puts his plate down by his feet.

"Christ Almighty. Eat up for fuck's sake. I don't like Saul, he's the Southern end of a Northbound horse. He thinks all it takes to make music is to strum that fifth rate guitar of his and tap his foot. He's no thought for anything but himself and his own dick, and I've seen enough pretty girls and pretty boys bruised up and crying after he's been done with them."

The dog sniffed delicately at Jensen's plate, whining low in his throat, but not taking a bite. Jensen picked up the plate but threw down a scrap of meat to the dog. "He's well trained," he offered.

"Not by me. Not even my dog."

Jensen laughed sharply.

Three scrawny looking chickens peck up close to the cabin, feet and beaks scratching at the dirt looking for grain or worms.

"Have you looked in the mirror yet? You've bruises all down the side of your face."

Jensen shrugs. "It's fine." The meat of the rabbit is sweet and salty, almost too moist. The last of the hangover from last night has left him and the air is cooling, and gooseflesh is racing up his arms and across his bare chest. "Where's my shirt?"

"Hanging out to dry. There was blood and... " Christian's mouth quirks a little. "I'll grab you one of mine."

Jensen listens to Christian breathe. There's only one bed, but they both stick neatly to their own side, stripped down to underclothes and a constant hairsbreadth apart. Christian's face is smooth as he sleeps, the few fine lines he has washed clean. There's a number of scars trailing their way across his shoulders and down the line of his back. Some look old, Jensen thinks, very old.

One, beneath the sharp cut of Christian's shoulder-blade, Jensen recognizes as being from a belt buckle.

Others he can't fathom out, but the belt buckle he definitely knows.

"Go to sleep."

Christian's eyes are still shut, body still slack, breath even.

Jensen curls down tighter under the blankets.

"Go to sleep, Jensen. Can hear you thinking away. It's loud."

Despite himself Jensen smiles, and settles himself down to sleep.

Morning brings guitar lessons, Christian's hands curving around Jensen's own, shaping them for chords. Christian leaning in close, praising him, correcting him. The strum of the guitar, not playing any tune yet, just learning the sound and shape, the weight of the instrument in his hands.

Christian leaves him for hours, checks on his snares and traps, maintains the stills he has hidden deep in the wooded hills and Jensen continues. Hands memorizing the lines and curves of the guitar, stroking and petting, sounding out chords over and over.

He forgets to eat, forgets to move, sitting on the edge of the bed, curled over the guitar, singing absently and low, voice trying to mirror each note, each rise and fall.

He startles when Christian settles behind him on the bed, so close that breath slides hot over the back of his neck, and Jensen falls quickly silent.

"This is why."

Jensen twists slightly to catch Christian's eye.

"Saul's an ass, that was part of it." Christian carefully moves Jensen's left hand a fraction, loosening the grip slightly. "This is the other part. Never did see someone so wrapped up in listening to music. So focused on it utterly."

Jensen shrugs, pulling away slightly, holding onto the guitar a little bit tighter.

"Ain't a bad thing, son. Ain't bad at all."

It's a long walk out of Hayward's Bend, the next town is miles as the crow flies, and there isn't one single road that goes in anything approaching a straight-line.

Jensen has a pack full of gorditas and dried meat, cheese wrapped in wax paper and a flask full of Christian's home-brewed shine. He also carries an old guitar, a little battered, but still sounding sweet.