KATIE'S GAME

BY D.E.

The girl was an innocent. Even at the age of eleven, her being
was beginning to have an effect on boys and girls. The boys were
in awe and the girls were envious. This made for a lonely
existence and this is why she began spending time with her
favorite uncle. He was always there with a kind word, some
sensitive advice, or sometimes he would say or do something that
would make her laugh. Jim ,on the other hand, would have liked
any one who laugh at his jokes but he would look at Katie with
nothing less than love. The games began because he was ticklish
and Katie and althoughloved to tease him. One day she was
watching him. Jim was totally engrossed in a movie and she wanted
his attention. She queitly slipped her shoes off her stocking
feet and snuck up behind him. Her long brown hair almost to her
waist and she decided to use it as her weapon of choice. She took
a few strands and holding them close to the edge, stroked Jim's
neck with them. Katie did not know this man could fly but that is
what he did a split second after she had touch his neck. She
began to laugh and laugh hard and although the intial look of
anger made her try and control it, she knew there was no way that
was going to happen. Uncle Jim looked at Katie falling to the
floor in a hopeless pile of giggles. He started toward her with
an evil smile and a cartoonish laugh. "You shouldn't hhave done
that young lady" and he started toward her. Katie never had a
chance. She was young, atheletic, and could move like a cat
nomally but if you pick a fight with muscular thirty year old who
could not move as fast, you'd better not give up your advantage
by trying to run in stocking feet on a wood floor with a serve
case of the giggles. Katie would need to have wanted to get away
and if truth be told she didnt. She had taken no more than a step
when an arm reach around the slender waist and held her tightly
while he returned to the chair. Jim looked the bundle in his
arms. Her long hair flowed over her red checked shirt and the
shirt was untucking itself from the knee length blue skirt she
usually wore with it. Katie was also wearing knee high blue socks
but her shoes were MIA. She looked up at him and she was beaming.
"Now what are you going to do?" and without the slightest
hesitation tried to tickle his neck again. That move was the
beginning because as he pinned her arms to her sides and her legs
with his legs and just held her, he knew they both felt warm and
loved. He also knew this was a start and not the end.

******

As Jim sat there holding Kate, Kate was constantly testing to see
if she could catch me off guard. Each time she moved, she would
be held tighter, closer. Jim had made his up his mind how he was
going to deal with the stuggling bundle that was making an
incredible amount of noise laughing at how she had tickled him
and would do it again the first chance she had. Katie was caught
totally off guard when he changed his hold, swept her off her
feet, and stood up in aquick combination of moves. As he cradled
her in his arms, he moved toward the couch. The couch was long
leather and the perfect place for her to land as he launch her
through the air the same a small child at a foul might take a two
handed shot with a basketball. Katie landed and although might
have had been her best chance to escape, it was really no chance
at all. The feeling of flying through the air was enough to take
her sense of center away and the other problem was she was going
to bounce. She knew this because she had hit this target since
she was little more than a baby. By the time she landed, Jim had
his back turn from where she was on the couch and had wrapped his
left arm around her knees. Katie did not know what he was was up
to but she thought it felt like he was trying to take her socks
off. Granny had always said that it was a bad thing when a boy
started taking your clothes off. Katie was laughing though
because Jim's hands were driving her crazy because they were
holding her knees and her toes. Katie could feel Jim tugging on
her socks and the fact that he was moving his left hand down to
help. She then knew he was not taking her socks off but was at a
lost to figure out what he was doing. Jim then dragged her down
so she would only occupied the last two sections of the couch. He
moved to the unoccupied spot and picked up the throw pillow and
placed it on his lap as he sat down. Katie had gotten her giggles
under control and had seen that Uncle Jim had streched both socks
enough to tie the ends of the two socks together. Katie had just
begun to reach for the socks when an arm reached around her and
pulled her back so Jim could hold her close to his side. "It's
not going to be that easy." "You have to get a way without using
your hands." "This is part of a game that was played when I was a
kid." Katie looked at him and Jim looked down at her and they
shared an evil grin. The game began when Katie tried to just pull
her right foot out of the sock. Jim countered with his left hand
tickling her right side and arm pits. Katie immediately burst
into laughter and found that she couldn't think and although she
had squirmed and kicked feet, they had been bound together more
effectively than she thought. "Did I forget to mention that when
you try to get away I get to try and stop you?" Katie based on
this information knew two things. One there was a way to do this
and two she had no clue what it was. She also knew as long as she
didn't move, he would give every opportunity. Jim looked at the
girl is his arms as he held her tight in his arm. Her long brown
hair was not exactly combed and her red shirt had pulled clear of
her blue skirt. The blue skirt had become a mini after she had
kicked her legs. The look on her face indicated she was very
content to be in his arm and she had no intention of giving up.
Katie asked "If I stop do you stop?" He nodded very hard in the
affirmative and said yea, yea, yea, like dastardly dog. She
giggled then quickly made herself stop. The game began again and
she caught him slightly off guard. Jim had found himself staring
at her legs and thinking she had great legsand only as an after
thought added for her age. As she started to stuggle, He began to
see her as he hadn't seen her before. She began to rub her legs
together. She moved one foot up as far it would go as she moved
the other foot down as far as it would go. The sight of her legs
pumping was moving her skirt up and he found this very
distracting. He also noticed that his young captive when tickled
would arch her back in a way he could only describe as delicious.
This was becomming a big problem under the pillow that he
orginally placed on lap so Katie would have a place to rest her
head. More thoughts shot through his mind including that katie's
head was bouncing up and down on his lap and if Katie had breasts
his left hand and arm were hold the young girl's where her breast
would be. He then really felt guilty when he realised she did
have breasts, they just were not developed. Katie's loud laughter
seemed so much louder and without thinking, he placed his hand
over her mouth. This quieted things at one level but now she
really began to squirm in his arms. Katie heard Uncle Jim asked
her if needed a break. She was using both her hands to try and
pry his arm away from her midsection. Katie had every bit as
distracted as her uncle. The way her feet were held together was
making her feel funny. Although she was stuggling with his left
arm, she did not really want him to move it. When the hand had
gone over her mouth, she did not even begin to know how to
explain the way she ... The thought trail off. Katie then did
something she could not explain. No/ she could what she just not
why she did. Katie licked uncle Jim's hand like it was a food she
just wanted the tiniest taste. Uncle Jim had pretended to be
totally grossed out as he pulled his hand away. She laughed and
he smiled. Both parties checked out each others face and body
langauge and decided it was weird but OK. Katie looked at the
clock and said something that Jim didn't catch. He saw the clock
and new she needed to go home to his mother the lady raising this
little angel. If she was late, she would hear about it for years.
With Uncle Jim's help, she was ready in five minutes, slowed by
socks that would not let go. Katie turned and mentioned she would
be back in a german accent and make his life unpleasant. I'll be
waiting said Uncle Jim as he threw the throw pillow at a very
special person who smiled as she darted out the door.

******

The Game continues. Katie showed up early the next mourning since
she usually did not drop by before school. Uncle Jim suspected
that Katie had spent the evening working out the trick. She was
wearing her hair up in a pony tail and a blue dress. She was
still wearing the same socks. As she walked in she casually
mention she would like to finish the game from the day before.
Both Katie and Jim hated to lose and Katie had her chance to tie
it up so to speak. With this in mind, Jim said he really did not
have the time this mourning to hold her but if she would agree to
let him tie her hands behind her back they could play for twenty
minutes. Uncle Jim went into the kitchen and return with 10 feet
of rope. As sexy and womanly as katie felt the night before, the
reality of the small much more childlike came as a surprise. She
also seemed quite at ease with her wrists being tightly bound
together. Uncle Jim was also glad the sleeves of the dress would
hide any marks from the rope. She would be leaving for school in
less than twenty minutes. He picked her up and carried her to the
couch. Katie thought that was strange since he had not tied her
socks together yet. Uncle Jim notice the way she was breathing
rapidly and she was blushing like mad. although he knew it was a
waste of time, Jim removed her shoes and while trying not to
tickle her feet, tied the socks together. Katie was still
giggling when jim said are you ready? Katie nodded and this time
instead of pulling each sock in turn, this time she simply moved
her foot up and around so the knot was on the side and simply
pulled the sock off. Katie beamed at him as if to annouce
victory. "That pretty good." said Jim, "now it's too bad your
arms are in a bind, so to speak." Katie knew she had been tricked
but told him to wait as she stuggled with the rope. Uncle Jim
watched katie try to free herself but to no avail. He turned away
and started thinking about football when he realized her
struggling was causing a massive swelling in the groin area.
Katie gave him a big smile and asked to be freed. Jim walked over
and began to untie her. Katie looked at him and said without
thinking, " It's to bad these weren't handcuffs. I can get those
to slide over my wrists since my hands are so small." Uncle Jim
froze and Katie realized what she had said. Uncle Jim spoke
quietly, Granny had been teaching Katie the Game. "How long has
Granny been teaching you?" "Since she found me tying myself with
my jump rope.""It has been a long time but not to often, only
when I asked, but she told me not to tell." Katie looked at her
uncle and said while blushing furiously "I really wanted to play
the game with you." Jim finished untying her wrists without
saying any more. Katie turned around not knowing what to expect.
Uncle Jim see she's upset pulls her into his arms. "If granny
says it's ok, we'll play the game this weekend. It's my weekend
anyway. Granny won't be mad if I'm not mad so don't worry about
it. It's going to be great. You know how much I love but I think
you'd better get to school." Katie holds on and then holds on
even tighter. As she starts to walk away, they both notice she
has one sock on one foot which is tied to another sock and one
bare foot. they both laugh.

******

The weekend was coming and both Katie and her Uncle Jim were
nervous. Katie had played the child's version of the game which
was limited to Katie being dressed in clothes that ran from silk
to leather and spandex to antique turn of the century clothes.
Katie was placed in a variety of restraints but at this young age
her senuality was tested and her sexuality was left alone until
now. In this amusement park, Katie has left the merry go round
and moved on to the scrambler or other older ride. You do not go
from the merry go round to the roller coast. Katie was in fact
thinking how she could trick her uncle Jim into giving her her
first kiss. She had decided that she would have Uncle Jim pick
her outfit and then tempt him by offering a taste of her cherry
flavor lipstick. Katie arrived at Uncle Jim's house early friday
night. She had put her hair in a pony tail and worn her hip
hugger jeans. She then had gotten a little nervous and went with
a baggy sweat shirt. When Katie and Uncle Jim meet at the door
they both feel electrified and beam at each other. They exchange
greetings then Katie goes to the guest room to unpack. In a few
minutes, Katie calls for Jim to come into the room. Katie confess
she does known exactly what they will be doing tonight because
Granny had assured her it would be more fun that way, more
exciting. Could Uncle Jim pick out an outfit? Uncle Jim looked at
her and told her that the only rule in this game was he was to
make sure that the game did not hurt, harm, or provide any
possibility of pregnacy. He told her if she wanted to add to the
rules, now would be the time. Katie trusted her uncle and kept
quiet. Katie looked into Uncle Jim's eyes and asked softly if he
would like to taste her lipstick. Jim moved toward her and
wrapped his arms around herShe closed her eyes and turn her face
upward. She opened her eyes as he moved away. He was holding the
lipstick tube and was taking his taste form there. "It's very
good and I'm sure it will be even better later tonight" he said
as he winked. Katie smiled because she knew, he knew, and, in the
end, she would get her way. Uncle Jim examined the three outfits
Katie had layed out. The first was an antique white granny dress
with white tights. The second was a spandex unitard that had
extra long sleeves added. It was black with gold trim. The third
was a sexy outfit leather skirt, see through blouse and black
panty hose. This outfit was the first Jim decided against. Jim
loved Katie's innocence and that outfit although sexy would play
against Katie's true beauty. Jim decided on the black unitard in
that it would cover everything and give Katie a sense of
security. Wear this and only this Jim said quietly. Katie looked
at him and then slowly nodded in understanding. Uncle Jim was
sitting on the couch waiting for Katie. The couch was the perfect
place for the game since there special bolts built in. When Katie
entered the room she was a vision. She had let her hair down and
it flowed over her shoulders. Her eyes shined above her small
nose and her lips were painted with a pink cherry haze. Uncle Jim
discovered that Katie had been blessed with the small breasts, a
tiny waist, and a body that was both what it was and the promise
of what it would be. Katie sat next to her uncle and trembled
with excitement. She knew that to night she at the very least
would sare her first kiss. Katie looked into her uncle's eyes and
told him, "before you kiss me, will you tie me up?" Jim smiled
and nodded. Jim reached over to the end table and picked up a
silk blindfold which he ties tightly behind her head. Jim then
takes her extra long sleeves pulls them behind her back and
crisscross behind her back and ties them in the front. Jim gets
some rope from the table and ties it around her upper arms and
across the chest and back again several times. In the past when
he touched her under the arms or on the sides she would have
collapse with laughter but today her body is reacting totally
different and itboth excites and scares her. She has experienced
some sexual excitement before but comparing that to this would
like compare sprinkles to a cloud burst. Jim moves from behind
her to in front and drops one knee to the floor. He has prepared
two ropes with a loop at each end and places a loop over each
slender ankle. He then places Katie's upper body down on the
upper two sections of the couch and removes the third and
attaches the first loop of left ankle over the bolt. Jim replaces
the section and ties the right ankle to the outside of the couch.
He then ties the ankles together although the legs are spread
apart by the cushion. Katie begins to squirm and test her bonds.
She has not spoken as she has been overwhelmed by the sexual
tension. Jim asks if she ok and she nods inspite of not being
gagged. Jim carefully lays down on the couch next to her on the
inside. Jim quietly whispers that there are several different
types of kisses, which would she like to try? She pauses and then
says "all of them." Jim wanting to break the tension plants a
sloppy kiss on her forehead. They both laugh. Katie really needed
that as she had become uncomfortable aware that her uncle had
attained an erection. Jim kisses her without the use of his
tongue, a kiss which is worthy of a first kiss and Katie melts in
the warm feelings that the kiss cause to ripple through her.
Katie is also not surprised when after a few minuteshis tongue
enters her lips. She also becomes aware that her uncles hand has
been caressing her breasts and is now dropping down to the inner
thigh. She surprises herself when she hears herself moan. You
need to relax for this kiss and with that Jim kisses and breathes
into her. This kiss penatrates deeply into her and combined with
the caresses on her inner thigh makes Katie feel like she losing
control. Katie begins to fight the clothing and rope restraining
her but is divided on moving toward or away. Another moan escapes
her as Jim ends the kiss of life as he calls it. Please stop
katie whispers. Jim slows his pace and asks in the same whispers
if she was hurt. Katie shakes her head then adds I
don'tunderstand these feelings i don' know if I can handle... Jim
ends the discussion with a small kiss. He tehn care fully inserts
a ballgag that he has had ready. Katie is taken by surprise and
by the time she reacts its over. Katie whose sexual reponses had
decreased in intensidy explode. Katie struggles against her bonds
but the more she does the more the feelings intensify and
overwhelm. Jim continues to stroke the area that Granny referred
to as the holy grail. Katie's struggles shift toward the
stimulation as her body struggles to move towards the hand. Jim
also moves toward the squirming figure to maximize contact as he
attempts to control his reactions. Something explodes in both and
with each other experience the birth of all things good Jim
removes the gag and kisses her gentle. She responds. Uncle Jim
removes the blindfold so Katie can see his face. I did not stop
because this game is about giving up control. I also wanted to
say I really do love and care about you. Katie seeing the pain on
his face responds with "do you know what you want me to wear
next?" She would have given him a big hug but she was still was
wrapped up in the game.


