Emma Watson and the Fumbled Snatch

Disclaimer

Warning the following story depicts acts of consensual sex between teenagers. If stories concerning this disturb you, then you really shouldn't be looking for stories like this, should you?

This story is purely a work of fiction and fantasy. The depictions within are not based on the real life preferences of Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Bonnie Wright, Rupert Grint, Merlin, The Osmonds or any other character living, dead, imaginary or Mormon, and any resemblance should be put down to coincidence. The author hopes that if anybody mentioned in the stories reads them, they will regard them only as flattery. If they can provide technical expertise that can be of use in future stories in the series, then please drop the author an email. 



So, that was an interesting day. In the few short hours between having finished the fourth Harry Potter film and going to bed, I manage to get transported to an alternative universe, get gang banged by a real wizard and his apprentices, developed magical powers and saved humanity across countless Earths from the wrath of dimension hopping Unicorns. But today will be bigger, today I get to seduce Daniel.

I did have it all planned out. Well, by planned, I mean I have a hot dress for the party tonight and some underwear that, what little of it there is, catches the eye up close. Now I had help, I had magic. Benshaw, the wizard who brought me to the other Earth, told me how my magic was linked with sex. He also said that however powerful I was there, I was more powerful on this Earth. I dont feel more powerful, I feel sore. I guess being broken in by five guys has after effects.

One shower later and I am feeling better. Most of the rest of the cast have been travelling overnight to get to the party tonight, but a few of us are going by jet. Aint it great being a film star? Anyway, my bags are packed and Ive got an hour to kill, time to experiment.

I'm back sitting in bed, trying to figure out what to do. How about something simple? I focus on opening the curtains. That worked. And I feel the tingle downstairs. I open the windows while sitting there, naked, in bed. I drop my hand down to my pussy, fingering, pumping, feeding my need for sex, my left hand on a nipple, trying to unlock the pent up energy. Oh my god, I'm horny. In the back of my mind, I can hear the birds sing, not just tweets but songs with words, but I can't listen as the rest of me is screaming more, more, more.

And I go. My orgasm brings with it that sensation as I leave my body and watch myself in the throws of exctecy. My vision passes outside the old hotel and I can see far across the grounds. I can see a man in the bushes near a copse in the gardens. I can see his long-lensed zoom-camera and now I hear it clicking, aimed at the hotel. Now I see the look of astonishment as the camera vanishes from his hands. His expression doesn't last long as a branch falls from the tree above him, knocking him out.

Opening my eyes, I'm back in the room, holding the camera. It's a hefty bugger of a digital thing, and the lens on the front looks more like a telescope than a camera. I fiddle about with the thing and get it to show the pics that it had just taken. I was hardly surprised that there were a few dozen pictures of me masturbating on my bed. Well, I figure that I look so hot, I'm glad there is a record of it somewhere! Searching back further and it seems that he was out there all night, as there are some cute shots of Bonnie not wearing much last night.

I think I can justify keeping the camera since it was being used for stalking us. I conjure up a bag for it and am about to leave it with the rest of my stuff when I come up with a better idea. I summon up a photo-printer and in no time at all, I have lots of copies of the best of the photos. 

This little bit of magic has made me horny again. I grab a pen and scribble on the outside of an envelope, 'This may be of interest to you' and I stick in few of my photos. I focus on Daniel's room and will the envelope to head there. I've got no need for owls, though, I admit, that you have been funny. I look over the Bonnie pics again. I guess Rup has got her a place on the plane. Personally, I think it has more to it than on-screen brotherly love. I feel a bit evil, but I guess it is for the greater good as I write 'B x' on another envelope, stuff a few photos of Bonne in it and send it heading under Rupert's door.

Daniel gives me a very strange look as he gets on the plane, so I return it with what I hope is a mix of quizzical and come-hither. Bonnie is so excited at getting on the plane that she doesn't notice Rupert shifting awkwardly in his seat!


The check-in and flight went smoothly enough and I'm now in yet another hotel room. At least this is one that had not sent me to a different world in the last hour or so. The hotel is small and achingly trendy with only a few dozen rooms and a rather too red (and for tonight, free) bar. My room followed the purple and maroon colour-scheme of the venue. With a king-sized bed in the centre facing a huge plasma-screen TV.

I lay out the special candles that Benshaw had given me around the room, lighting a couple. It's amazing how time flies, a glance at the clock shows that I only have a few minutes to made an appearance downstairs. Off with my t-shirt and jeans, sprays of perfume, quick check to see if everything is nice and smooth then on with the blue lace bar and thong, then then dress.

I feel kind of exposed, I never normally show this much skin, but I suppose, if you've got it, flaunt it. Luckily, the hotel is fully booked by the film studio, I don't really want another encounter with a photographer, Dad will start to ask where I keep getting the cameras from!

I've got a big night ahead of me, I suppose a little Dutch courage will be helpful. I try to smile sweetly at the barman. To my surprise, he wasn't Australian.

So, Miss Watson , I guess you'll be trying to convince me you're eighteen then?

I respond to this with a hopeful smile.

It's okay Miss, the studio have said you can have two or three bottles of beer. Is Corona to your tastes? I nod non-committally, after-all, I'm not an expert on these things. Take care though, it is stronger than it tastes!

He pulls a bottle out of the fridge and squishes a chunk of lemon into the top of its neck. Taking the drink, I look around the room, nobody I know is here. Damn actors, always have to arrive late. I don't really fancy being gaupped at by a bunch of gaffers, key grips and best boys (best boys, they must all be in their forties) so I figure a quick detour to the toilets where I can wait out of sight.

Just my luck, unisex. I take up residence in the far cubicle and try to figure out what exactly this lump of lemon was meant to do, and how I should drink around it. So it, I'll just stuff the thing down the neck. Tastes nice actually, very lemony. The toilet door opens and two male voices make their way in. Moments later, the sound of two men urinating meets my ears. Joy.

So, Cliff, you see her?

Who?

That Watson chick?

Who? Oh Hermione? Yeah, what about her?

She what she was wearing? How hot was...

Mate, she's what, fourteen?

And? Are you telling me that you wouldn't enter her Chamber of Secrets?

No mate, Cliff laughed, I'd take her up the Azkaban!

Oh my god, these perverts! How can I stop them laughing at me? I'll give them killer splash-back. Now it's my turn to laugh as their piss is spraying straight back up and over them. Okay, this is getting difficult to keep quiet, especially as they are panicking now that they can't stop. They agree to make a break for it, back to their rooms. I hear them zip up their flies and I imagine the dark patches forming in their jeans already. I can almost feel that oddly comforting warmth that comes from pissing in your clothes.

And that is why. I am pissing in my own panties! I dip my finger in the stream of warm liquid flowing off my urine saturated thong. The thrill of something so dirty is heightened by the tingle that the magic brought. I want to stand up and fell the warmth running down my legs, I want to rub it into my skin, but no, no I can't. I don't want to ruin the dress, or the shoes. 

I let the flow stop before I pull off my thong. I can't resit the urge to sniff, and I breath in deeply. I dab myself dry with some tissues, my pussy wanting me to dwell on it longer, but since I can hear familiar voices in the main bar, I resist. A quick glance at the panties and they are clean and dry again, although I am almost tempted to leave them off.

I take another swig and head back in. Daniel is there, finally, with Rupert and Bonnie. Apparently the invites weren't that widespread and it seems that Bonnie got one after some pestering by Rup.

Every time I get into position to chat with Dan alone, and I think Rup and Bonnie want time too, one of the lauded stars of stage and screen wanders by and says something generous and long-winded about our acting. 

One bottle and thirteen embarrassing grin and greets with British comedians and actors later, I get Daniel alone and within minutes I am exploring his mouth with my tongue. Pushing him against the wall, I press myself against him, running my hands up his sides and around the back of his head while he cups my arse.

If time passed, I wouldn't know, everything seems to stand still as I kiss him. More time passes before I drag him to the lifts. We enter and press the button for my floor. I turn around and resume the face sucking.

Hold the door...

Rupert and Bonnie skid in, look at as with a giggle before mirroring our actions. The couples go their separate ways as we get out the lifts.

You two better be careful, Daniel called out after the pair of them, I'd hate to think how ginger the poor kids will be!

I don't quite have to drag him into my room, more the opposite in fact. Walking through the door, I feel the effect of the candles. I have a feeling that I won't need to light the rest tonight.

I grab at Daniel in the middle of the room and find myself locked in his embrace. We break after minutes and look at each other.

So? He asks nervously.

So. I reply wide eyed. I've been horny half the night and the scent of the candles is not doing anything to lessen it.

Resisting the temptation to vanish his trousers right off him, I undo his belt and drop his trousers. He catches on and dispenses with his shoes before untangling his feet from his crumpled jeans. I push him back onto the bed and drop to my knees between his legs. My fingers trace along the outline of his cock through his pants, down them back up to his waist band. Pulling them down, I unleash it.

I run my thumb over its head and I hear him gasp. I rub a little of the liquid there along his length. I quickly taste my thumb, determined not to miss a feeling, a sensation of tonight. Wrapping my hand around his cock, I give it  few long strokes, knowing what I have to do next. Opening my mouth, I try and engulf him fully. My tongue races around its new toy, tasting and toying as I bob my head up and down, his hands resting on my head, stroking my hair as I blow him. I caress his balls with my right hand as my left hand lies on his leg.

His breathing gets harder, his hips move with me and his hands push down on my head and within seconds he explodes, flooding my mouth with his seed. I swallow as much as I can. I look up at Daniel and he wipes a drip of cum from the corner of my mouth and holds it in front of my lips, I eagerly suck it off his finger. 

I get back to my feet, grabbing the remote and turn on the TV, flicking it over to a music channel, which, as if my magic, starts playing Tina Turner, Private Dancer. I move to the music, teasingly I show more skin then let the dress drop back into place. I imagine I am a lap dancer, I'm his private dancer. Playfully, I slap back his hands as he attempts to touch me.

A quick movement and the dress falls to the floor. My hands move along my hips, up and down my legs and across my chest, cupping my breasts, doing everything I know that Daniel is wishing he was doing himself. In time with the music, I rub my pussy through the thong, turning around I give him a perfect view of my arse. Another quick flick and the lace bra lies on the floor. With one arm over my chest, the other hand is inside my panties, rubbing my soaking pussy. I turn around, Daniel had removed his shirt and his bare chest almost brakes my concentration, but I rally.

Moving close, I beckon for his hands, which I place inside my waist band, and let him pull down the thong. It reaches the floor just as the music stops.

Quickly, I used the remote to flick programs, landing on a porn channel, the notice saying that it was blocked vanished under my command. The forty inch TV displayed a couple in the act, with arms and legs strategically placed, much to my annoyance. Still, it may give the boy some ideas.

No more time to be wasted, I kneel on the bed now, legs either side of his and he pulls me into him, his mouth sucking my boob as I grind into him, dry humping my new toy.

I reach down and grab his cock and line it up, dropping down onto him, eyes closed in bliss as I feel him inside of my body, moving in and out as my legs find a rhythm. 

Daniel matches my thrusts, then takes control, pushing me onto all fours as he enters me from behind. I push my hips back onto him as he rams into me. He slaps my arse cheek and I swear I can hear him whisper Gee-up girl under his breath. I'm close to cumming now and figure that I'll humour him and let out a neigh instead of a grunt, setting off Daniel who cums inside me, triggering my orgasm. I drift out and see myself on the bed, impaled by my co-star's cock, and then I see everybody in the hotel, then the whole city, then I open my eyes and I'm back with Dan.

I turn off the tele and cuddle up to him under the covers and drift to sleep, content.

Waking next to Daniel was fantastic. I feel a million dollars, and give him a peck on the nose as I head to the on-suite. I brush my teeth and had settled down on the loo when Daniel comes rushing in, obviously needing to relieve himself desperately. What's come over me, I don't know, but I have to tell him.

Just go on me.

He stares at me for a second then grins and I feel the warm sensation wash over my chest. I start pissing as well, one hand playing with my stream of urine, the other hand rubbing his pee over my body. Then it was over, and we look at each other trying to justify what just happened. I jump up and tun to the shower, turn it on and drag him unto the already steaming cubical.

We wash each other carefully, hands exploring our bodies as we soapped away the last few minutes. Towelling off together, wrapped in the soft white hotel towels, it was clear that our night together was over. We kiss again then he collects his clothes. There is only room for embarrassed small talk before he heads back to this own room.

I pack up my stuff, picking up last night's used undies and dress and swapping them for jeans and a hoddie. The phone rings and I think of Daniel straight away, but it wasn't him. It was Bonnie, asking if I wanted lunch. I hadn't noticed the time yet, it is already 1 o'clock.

We meet up ten minutes later in the bar and grab a table.

So how was he? She asks wide eyed. I just answer with a smile. How was your night then?

That's the cue for Bonnie to give a blow by blow account of her first time. Her enthusiasm is so infectious that I have to join in and I'm swapping ideas with her. Our food comes and it doesn't interrupt the flow, we are so engrossed that we fail to notice a well dressed man come and sit on our table. 

He looks in his mid thirties, dark haired, handsome with a clean shaven face and piercing blue eyes. He is wearing a tailored pin-stripe suit and holding a rather extravagant dragon-topped cane, I can't quiet figure out where I know him from. 

I know you, Bonnie cries, you're that guy who was at my audition. Mister... err ... Mister ... err...

Lynn. I finish for her.

His thin lips turn into a friendly smile.

Call me Merlye. I was just coming to congratulate my two most promising talents.

Your talents? I ask him suspiciously.

Well, I am in charge of casting for the studio, or at least I was then, I took a break for some travelling, and I knew I had found stars when I found you. Your names will be mentioned in households for years to come, girls with idolize you, boys will dream of you... he lowers his voice and leans in across the table, and teenage girls will picture you when they are writing their slash! He breaks to share a laugh with us. But, you may, I believe, perform feats that may rival my first true protege in the minds of the British people.

Great, is he still drunk from last night, or is he trying to get us into a casting couch situation?

Bonnie seems to interested however. Your first protege?

Yes, Arthur.

Arthur? I ask confused.

Arthur Pendragon. He reveals proudly, then rolls his eyes at our blank looks. Arthur Pendragon, the bastard, excuse my French, the bastard son of Uther Pendragon and the Lady Igraine. Wielder of Excaliber, Lord of Camalot and The Once and Future King of England.

You're Kidding! I'm having a week of nutters. At least the absence of being transported to another universe means that this is most likely a joke that somebody is pulling. I get up to leave.

Please Emma, do not leave. You should understand how legend and history are just two sides of the same coin. After your adventure with Benshaw, you should be more open minded!

I stare at him, open mouthed. How did he know about Benshaw?

He laughs. Benshaw is an old friend of mine.

That did no help much. Bonnie is looking like she is missing out of something important, but I don't think this is the right time to explain exactly how I lost my virginity. I try to ask a question, but he interrupts me.

As I said, I am a traveller. Oh, the age thing. You must realise that age is just an illusion, especially in the twenty-first century! Besides, I find that I sleep a lot, it helps, really it does!

But if you know King Arthur, then you must be Merlin. Bonnie said incredulously. But he didn't exist, did he Emma?

I stay silent, failing to cope with the situation.

Oh, I assure you, I exist. I may no longer be the magician of yore, but I am as real as this table. I was almost temped to vanish the table in front of him, just to prove a point!

Well, do magic then.

Magic, no, I cannot, not now, not here, but illusions, yes of course.

As soon as he finishes speaking, the head of the dragon starts to move, turning and twisting as if it were alive. Then it breaths out a burst of flame and sets the flower in the centre of the table alight. A moment later, the dragon is back motionless and the flower is fine.

I am afraid, dear Bonnie, that it has become too dangerous to perform frivolous magic. There are people out there who will seek out and destroy real magic, it is all too easy to detect. That is why I have lain dormant these many years, with only a few illusions to hand, waiting for England's greatest need, when I shall stand at Arthur's side once more. It is also how I knew that Emma here had returned from my friend Benshaw and not heeded his warning, he did warn you, did he not?

I...err.

He did, I know he did. When I spoke to him a matter of months after your birth and told him you were the one to watch, I warned him about the powers at work in this world, and asked him to pass on the message.

Then all I had to do was bring you into the right situation. That was a simple task of giving an aspiring writer a few ideas, getting a publishing company involved, a bit of marketing later and I was there to cast both of you in these films. That was an easy task for an old meddler like myself. Emma's introduction to magic with my friend meant that the pair of you are now ready for your destiny.

Wait a minute, Bonnie turns to me, you can do magic, since when?

Err, a couple of days. I answer nervously, then turn to Merlin to get his permission to show her. He signals me to do something small.

I point at a plate of nuts on the bar. A moment later it vanishes and appears on our table. Merlin shrugs, lets Bonnie touch it, before he gestures for me to return it.

As you can see, she can. Though obviously, she has not the wisdom to use magic to its fullest. It would have been better to bring over crisps or drink as bar peanuts tend to be touched by the kind of men who do not wash their hands after they use the toilet.

Bonnie laughs while I look sheepish.

So Merlin, what's this about destiny? Bonnie asks.

England's time of need is close, but we need to prepare. I have some quests for the pair of you.

Pair of us?

Yes, Emma may have great power, but she will not be able to accomplish the tasks that need doing without you there. Your place in history yet written will be as her equal.

But we're just kids, actresses.

Your professions do not matter. As for age, I made a mistake once, when I passed over a child. I went to find a knight, the greatest knight, fit to protect the Kingdom and the Queen when Arthur went to find the Holy Grail. I was told he was at a place called Joyous Guard, where I found a great knight and his family. I took him back to Camalot, he betrayed my trust, his King and the country. He may have been a great champion, but his son Galahad was truly the greatest knight that I was searching for. I will not make that mistake again. Emma has proved herself worth, as will you, this I know.

You do know that we actually have places to be...

Emma: schools, family, appearances, making people believe you are doing one not the other, these are trivialities easily handled by Merlin of the Lake, the last keeper of The Old Ways, Protector of England and the most powerful wizard to have walked these lands.

Smug git. I have to ask. If you're so powerful, why don't you do these tasks yourself?

I have sworn not to use my magic until the time of England's greatest need. They know that I am the last of my kind, having killed off my kin and kiff, I tarnish their 'perfect' world. My magic is easily identifiable by them and they will find me easily. Your magic, Emma, is not as focused and they have no idea who is behind it. Use your magic sparingly and they may never find you.

I'm less than convinced, likewise Bonnie. Like Benshaw, Merlin has a reassuring tone, one that I can trust. Unlike Benshaw, he hasn't mentioned me sexing people. This is a good thing, although, I doubt I'd say no to either of my companions.

Emma, undertake these tasks and I will help you master your powers. Bonnie, your help will be rewards, I assure you, but to tell you how would reveal too much too soon. Tomorrow, I will send you out to a northern monastery where a map is help. It is vital that you obtain it, for my preparations cannot proceed without it.

You will leave tomorrow, Your rooms here are booked for a few more days. It should take only a day to get there and one back. Take these debit cards, go out this afternoon, buy tickets, supplies and have a night out. Do not go buying cars or houses though, I will know!

We believe him. I take the directions he gave me up to my room before coming down with a bag and joining up with Bonnie in the lobby.

Three hours later and were are back in the hotel, sitting in my room dividing the stuff into our two new rucksacks. I get lumped with taking most of the tent as well as my sleeping bah and a few changes of clothes. Bonnie, being better at it, has the food and pans. Since she also managed to get us back to the hotel in one piece, I'm charging her with map duty.

There's nothing on at the cinema for an hour or so, so we sit on my bed and I tell Bonnie about Benshaw and how I got my magic. I'm greeted with giggles when I tell her how performing magic makes me horny.

The film wasn't much cop. Since we are out in the West End without parents or agents, we try and get into a club. Aside from a lusty leer, the doorman doesn't give us a second glance as I make it seem we are both ten years older. Perhaps that isn't such a great idea, as maintaining the appearance has got me a bit worked up already.

Even though we don't look like who we really are, we still manage to attract a crowd of boys. While they nudged and bumped each other, Bonnie and I gave them a treat with some homo-erotic dancing. I'd like to think that the crowd formed because the two of us were teasing each other, through I guess they were really here because although the pair of us looked in our twenties and our bodies had filled out to match, our clothes had not grown, they had stretched!

Two hours of holding the image later and my pussy is nearly dripping. Temptation is just too much and I pull the nearest guy aside. He can read what I want in my eyes and leads me away towards the back of the club. I don't dare ask for his name. He stands just under six foot tall and looks built for comfort, not speed. His dark eyes that peer out from under his unkempt hair struggle to take in the situation he has found himself in.
A cargo lift down a dark corner and through some miraculously unlocked doors is hardly romantic, but nothing tonight will be. I find myself facing one of the damp walls, spread-eagled as he cupped my right boob in his hand. With a clang his belt hits the metal floor and his other hand is at my pussy, stroking it and finding its way in. I spread my legs and feel his condom wrapped cock behind me, entering me with a rough shove and a grunt. He doesn't have rhythm, he just thrusts slowly but forcefully as he feels my tit and nuzzles the back of my neck. I move a hand to my clit and rub. Both of us are close and as my pussy orgasms, he climaxes. I see me but not me against the wall, then I see the club. I see Bonnie getting off with a ginger guy, then I see one of his friends with drinks, his hand is slipping something into one. 

I give my nameless fuck a quick kiss, remove my torn and sodden panties and hand them to him and then run. I grab Bonnie and tell her we are leaving, she is about to object but can see a look in my eyes that tells her no. We move to the exit, before I leave, I look back the guy with the drinks and summon all his clothes into my hand. He is standing there naked as we head through the door and into the cool London night air. I blink my head clear and we are us once again.

What he fuck was that about? Bonnie turns on me. You're allowed to have sex but I can't snog anybody?

Bon. I saw a mate of that guy you were with spiking a drink. I'm sorry I left you there, anything could have happened to you. The magic, the temptation, it was all getting to much. I'm so sorry...

She looks at me, not knowing what to say, then grins. Well, no harm done. What have you got there?

She laughs as I explain who the pile of clothes belongs to. We rummage through them on the way to the hotel. I take out about one hundred pounds from his wallet and leave it next to a sleeping tramp. The rest of his wallet, his keys and phone, we drop down drains and leave his clothes in a pile of what looks like a puddle of urine in a shop door.

After our eventful night, I was able to get to sleep quickly and awake far brighter than I should be. We breakfasted and bussed to St Pancreas for our train.

This isn't St Pancreas, it's King's Cross. Bonnie nags.

No, it is. They just used the outside of it for Chamber of Secrets because that bit of seventies crap on the front of the real Kings Cross ruins it on camera. You wouldn't believe the letters I get about it, like the buses going the wrong way on the bridge in Azkerban, as if I can do a thing about it!

We stand looking at the red brick Victorian gothic magnificence that intimidates all who pass in front of it. Next to it, the yellowish Kings Cross looks small and sad in comparison. 

You know what we should do? She asks mischievously.

No?

Go to that wall in King's Cross, you know where they have that trolley half in, half out for tourists. If we wait there till there are a few people around and then you magic us out of the wall!

I laugh and shake my head, try explaining that to the press!

The train to Sheffield is due to leave in ten minutes, and we set off along the platform. I look above us at the huge arched roof and wonder if that was enchanted like Hogwarts, how amazing it would look. The first class section took up only the first three carriages, and it was no big surprise for me to see Merlin, in a different but equally sharp suit, standing by an open door, grinning.

Well, you survived a night on the town okay, After that, a night on the hills and few isolated monks should be no trouble.

He takes Bonnie aside and chats briefly to her while a porter helps me get the luggage on board. 

The first class section is nearly empty. Our seats are next to each other and I'm settled down next to the window when Bonnie joins me. Like me, she is dressed all in black, jogging bottoms and t-shirt, with a hodded sweatshirt tied around her waist.

So what did Merlin want?

He said something about last night showing me that danger lurks in unexpected places, and to keep my guard up. She turns to me and chuckles. Especially when you are too sexed to be responsible!

How did he know about last night?

She shrugs. I guess it's because he's Merlin!

We plugged in our i-pods and closed our eyes. Bonnie put her head on my shoulder and I lent my head against hers as the train pulled out. We dozed as the train headed north, warm sunlight bathing us in the late morning.

We change trains at Sheffield and head to the village of Hathersage. It still seems like a new and exciting adventure as we walk up into the Pennine hills, We stop as we clear the village and get the maps out. We try and compare features on the hand written map Merlin had given us with the Ordinance Survey map we had bought. Five minutes of squabbling later and we had agreed on where it was and how we were getting there.

The monestary was a good five miles from the village, by the look of the map, most of that would be up hill. It's late afternoon by the time we loose sight of any sign of civilization. Guided by Bonnie are compass, we trudge thought the long grass and ferns that grow on the bleak hills. Sheep look at us quizzically as we pass them, clambering over dry stone walls and skirting round the remains of shepherd's huts.

Even on a sunny day like today, the wind is bitterly cold. It is in our faces all the time. That combined with the tricky ground means that by sunset, we still haven't caught sight of our destination.

We find a nice sheltered spot between two bolders and set up the tent. Thanks to a trangit stove, we managed to have a dinner of rice and stuff. It isn't great, but it is warming, as is the hot chocolate.

We consult the map by the blue light of the meths stove. Bonnie points out the tops of the surrounding hills, which stand as silhouettes against the night sky, and somehow figures out where we are camped. According to the map, we are only half a mile or so away from where we are heading. She points to a dark peak and we can see a faint glow behind it.

We agree that it would be best to wait until later, and that sneaking in would be the best way of avoiding attention. The night is clear and the stars are bright. We lay on our backs and watch the stars, thousands of them twinkle away, the great band of the Milky Way stretches across the sky. The richness of this spectacle is enough to make me want to live up and envy the monks in their isolated outpost. It makes me think that the Hogwarts Astronomy lessons, from the top tower of a castle on a dark moor, would be pretty interesting.

At about ten o'clock we rose and fixed on our head lanterns. Without our rucksacks, it almost felt a joy to walk on the springy ground, feeling like we would float away any second.

If it wasn't for the lights coming out of the windows, you could never imagine the monastery to be inhabited. There was no sign of a path or road leading to it and the outline of the building had chunks missing from it.

We close in to a few hundred meters or so away and turn off our torches. So, we've reached it, but now what? We can see movement of silhouettes through the windows, so we can't just sneak in and look around. We had been led to believe that they weren't just going to give up the map, so that gave us a problem. Where was the map and how the hell will we get it?

I know, Bonnie suggests after a few minutes of whispered discussions, you could do that thing you did at the club, where you see everything. If you focus on the map, you might find it.

But to do that, I need to, you know, cum. Are you suggesting that I just bring myself off out here?

Well, she whispered nervously, I figured that I could help. If you want?

I don't need torchlight to tell she is blushing her cheeks off. I probably am too, but that doesn't stop me agreeing. Needing a bit of magic to start me off, I turn myself, with difficulty, into a ginger tabby cat, naughtily licking Bonnie's face, much to he amusement. She strokes my back and tail for a bit, calming us both down. I try not to dwell on how much harder it was to transform than it had been last time.

Unlike the films, I don't return to human form in my clothes. Already aroused, the wind blowing over my skin causes me to gasp in muted delight. I move my hand down to my snatch, but Bonnie's hand stops it. I feel her brush my clit, then trace down the lien of my pussy, two fingers exploring inside and curling up as she strokes in and out. I pant louder as she works, invisible in the darkness. I try and keep the map we were tasked with finding in my mind. All of a sudden, a new sensation, warm and wet, brushing my nub. Her tongue laps at my lips, setting me off.

I managed to keep the map in my head, and sure enough, I could see it, in a trunk, in a room in the first floor. Recovering my senses, I tell Bonnie where the map is and try to summon it. No luck.

Perhaps we need to get closer? Bonnie whispers.

By torchlight, I put my clothes back on. The light from the windows is enough for us to make our way to the monastery without being seen.

I try again to summon the map, but it takes even more effort and still yields no map. The room has a handily large window, but I can't seem to transform myself into a bird to reach it, or work any other magic to get in.

You think that because this is a map that Merlin wands, this building is protected from magic?

That analysis seems annoyingly likely.

Bonnie pulls out a lump of something dark and shiny from her pocket and places it on the frame of the window next to where we are standing. She plays with it for a bit, testing out different points on the frame. With a grunt, she pulls it back and the window opens,

Magic nil, magnets one! She grins and puts the magnetic blob back into a pocket. I help her onto the window ledge and she climbs though, turning to help me as I struggle up after her. I point to where I think the stairs are, and in a matter of seconds we find ourselves outside the locked door.

It is time for another of Bonnie's tricks. She produces a screwdriver and an army knife and goes to work on the lock, less than a minute later we sneak into the room and close the door behind us. The trunk proves no more of a contest for Bonnie than the door or window and soon the map is ours. I tuck it away in my pocket when I hear voices from outside.

The door bursts open and we see two monks standing there. They don't look angry, just disappointed to find people in their homes. 

Your names if you will, the younger one, perhaps in his mid twenties, spoke calmly, and who sent you?

Err, my name is Victoria Beckham, Bonnie lied through a smile, and this is my colleague, Jade Goody. We are scouting locations for a new branch of Starbucks coffee shops. This room would be great. What do you think Jade?

These guys may have eschewed modern culture, but there is no call for naming me Jade. I nod in response to Bonnie anyhow.

You are trespassing on this sacred site, you must explain yourself to the Abbott. The older one, in his thirties and prematurely grey, sounded forceful without malice. 

Perhaps we can convince you otherwise. Bonnie licks her lips seductively and drops to her knees in front of the older guy.

I look at her in shock, then realise that I would have to go along with her. Dropping to my knees in front of the younger one, I negotiate the heavy wooden clothes of the bemused monk, withdrawing a five-inch, rock-hard cock. I look up, wide-eyed, at his face and see his grey-blue eyes wishing I would stop but wanting me to continue.

I pull my hair back and kiss the head of his cock, wrapping my hands around the shaft, I pump it a few times then engulf him with my lips. The salty taste is familiar yet new. As I started into a bobbing action, I was aware that the monk did not have what you would call stamina. I try to swallow and that sets him off. His cum fills my mouth, choking, I pull away and fell hot spurts over my face. Weak kneed, he collapses slowly to the floor, embarrassed and drained. Bonnie's monk is in the same state. We don't wait a moment longer and run.

Her sense of direction is flawless and within ten minutes we are back at the tent. There is not sign of anybody following us. Only when we are inside the tent and I have managed to make the outside of it look like a bolder and ordered the zip to only open from the inside do we dare speak.

Your face is covered in cum. Bonnie laughs at me.

So's yours! I counter. She feels around her face and laughs even more. Now having just blown a monk and just done a load of magic to protect us, I'm horny. You need paying back for earlier, so do you think we can join these sleeping bags together?

I awake fresh next morning. Bonnie's naked body is wrapped around mine, and we are both encased in the sleeping bags. She stirs and I kiss her on the nose. Opening her eyes, she looks hazily at me then smiles. 

The journey back down is easy. Both of us are in fantastic post-sex moods, the packs seem lighter, the wind is to our backs and the route is downhill.

One again, the trains are running smoothly. Merlin is waiting for us outside the door of the train. He is wearing a deep purple suite with gold pinstripe, his cane gleams and he is wearing thin-framed, round, gold-tinted glasses. His smile is warm and welcoming.

Best not to talk here. I am more than glad you have returned safe, but not that I feared harm would come to you. Come, my office is close.

Being a 'traveller' who has lived for well over a thousand years, his definition of close if different to mine, especially as we have already walked a long way today. We follow him through a maze of London streets, past names like Narnian Rise and Norrell Close. We pass old shops and buildings that don't look like they've been visited in years. A once proud building claims to be Asker's Bank and the pass the Raven's Claw Inn. I ask Merlin if J.K. had ever visited him here, he nods but hurries on around another corner onto Satiric Alley and darts into a tatty building with a faded sign saying Avalon over the door.

We dump our stuff in the corner and sit down on some decrepit looking, but comfy, seats. As we are just about to accept the offer of tea, a visitor knocks on the door. Joy of joys, he delivers three large pizzas!

So, that was just the first of perhaps many tasks that I have to do to make preparation. Merlin speaks after finishing the last of his Veggie Deluxe pizza. Don't worry, most of these I can do myself. The map keeps track of a range of relics that belonged to Arthur and we need to reunite. As I feared, I may need your help again, but not for a while I hope. We will meet again soon, but I believe that you need time with your families now. Don't worry, I haven't forgotten my promises, and I will deliver on them when the time is right.

I'll make sure your packs are sent to your homes. Your parents will be getting to the hotel in a few hours and I believe that Daniel and Rupert will call you later, if that is still where your interests lie. We look at him amazed.

Oh, and Emma, on your walk back, you may want to offer an explanation of those photographs that Rupert recently acquired. He smiles, then mutters under his breath. The greater good indeed, always a fool's justification.

So now I've got saving the country out of the way, I have Daniel to worry about. Now this is something worth worrying about.