                                  Sold

                         MF/F bd ds nosex reluc

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





After the unmistakable rumbling of Becky's van pulling up outside,
Andrew strolled to the door and opened it before his guest had a
chance to ring the doorbell.  He was in his early thirties, well
built, and somehow managed to make the early stages of balding look
fashionable with his short, spiky hair.

"Hi," he greeted, looking relieved that Becky was finally at his
house.

"Hi," she said.  Her frizzy hair was tied back in a ponytail above
well-worn casual clothes, and she carried a tote bag.  "May I come
in?"

"Of course," replied Andrew, motioning for her to come inside.  "Would
you like a drink?"

"No, thank you," said Becky as she followed Andrew down the hallway
and into the lounge.  "So where's the merchandise?" she asked as she
sat on his couch.  Evidently, she wanted to get straight to the point
tonight.

"Give me a second," said Andrew, grinning.  He left the room.  A few
moments later, the rattling of metal chains could be heard from
upstairs.  The sound grew louder until he finally reappeared, holding
a leash in his hand.

Walking timidly behind him was a woman in her late twenties who was
wearing nothing but steel cuffs around each limb and a matching
collar, all joined together by chains that had started to lose their
shine.  She must have worn them often, and for at least a good year
or two, realised Becky.

When Andrew stopped walking, the woman obediently knelt down at his
side.  Andrew grabbed a chain and pair of padlocks from behind the
couch Becky was sitting on before unfastening the woman's leash from
her collar.  He replaced it with the chain, padlocking one end onto
her collar and the other onto a floor hook discretely hidden beneath
the couch.

"This is my slave," he said proudly.

Becky was surprised when the tethered woman looked straight at her.
Although there was slight pleading in her pretty hazel eyes, there
was barely a hint of self consciousness at being fully displayed in
front of a stranger.  That was a good sign indeed.

Becky walked up to Andrew's slave, closely examining every inch of
her slender body.  Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed, and there were
no visible scars, piercings or tattoos.  She was in top condition.

Without warning, Becky groped the slave's breasts from behind, first
squeezing them firmly, then circling her fingertips around her
nipples.  Although she whimpered slightly, Becky was again impressed.
She didn't flinch at all.

"How well trained is she?" asked Becky as she walked back to her
bag.  She took out a pair of medical gloves and slipped them on.

"Very," replied Andrew confidently.  He looked down at the chained
woman.  "Go down on me, slave." Without a word or even hesitation,
she started to unfasten Andrew's jeans.  "Stop," he ordered.  She
looked up at him, her eyes pleading.

"Afraid you'll change your mind?" Becky grinned.

"Fellatio is one of the things she's best at."

"In front of a stranger, too," noted Becky as she applied some
lubricant to her middle finger.  "Impressive." She walked up to his
slave again.  "How good is she at cunnilingus?"

"I don't believe she's ever tried it yet," admitted Andrew.  She had
never even so much as kissed another woman as far as he knew, but
she'd expressed a desire to one day be intimate with a dominant
woman.  It looked like that day had finally come.

"No matter," said Becky, shrugging.  She slid her finger between the
tethered woman's labia, into her gleaming wet cunt.  She moaned in
approval and thrusted her hips forward, towards Becky's hand.  "There's
nothing I won't be able to teach her to do well during a few sessions
with my TENS unit." Again, Andrew's slave pushed against Becky's
gloved hand.  "She's an eager little slut." Becky grinned.  "I like
that." After a brief pause, she announced her decision.  "OK, I'll
buy her."



"Could you give me a hand carrying her into the van?" asked Becky,
looking down at her helpless new slave.  After exchanging money and
signing the paperwork, Andrew had secured her in her familiar thick,
black latex sleepsack and matching hood.  As she knew from many
previous experiences in it, she wouldn't even be able to fold her
arms or scratch an itch, let alone entertain any thoughts of escaping.

She was beginning to give up struggling, only occasionally writhing
around slightly.  Mainly she was just sobbing into the phallic gag
under her hood.  It was still only just sinking in that she had been
sold, rather than merely shown off to a guest like she'd assumed.

Andrew found a bath sheet to drape over her so that the neighbours
wouldn't see a squirming woman being carried into the back of a van.
Before long, he and Becky had securely strapped her in place.  Various
straps attached to the van's walls had been fastened around the
sleepsack, securing her in the middle of the van's floor, her head
resting on a pillow Becky had thoughtfully brought with her.

"If she gives you any trouble, just phone me," Andrew told Becky.

"Don't worry," she assured him.  "By the time I get her out of the
sleepsack, my girlfriend and I will already have her locked up in
our spare room.  There's no way we could possibly have a problem
with her."

"Good."

Becky slammed the door to the van shut, and at last she was no longer
troubled by her new slave's sobbing.  "Are you sure you want me to
go through with this?" she asked quietly.  "She seems pretty upset
now that she thinks she's really been sold."

"She HAS really been sold," corrected Andrew.

"True," conceded Becky, "but she doesn't have any idea I'm going to
sell her back to you after the weekend."

"She's mentioned her kidnapping fantasies to me several times now,"
insisted Andrew, "and it specifically says in her slave contract
that I can sell her to anyone I wish.  You're a good friend, so I
know I can trust you to respect her limits.  I'm convinced she'll
get a blast out of this once she settles down." Andrew glanced at
the door of the van.  "Just keep an eye on her, OK?  If she's still
sobbing tomorrow afternoon, we'll call it off.  Otherwise, you and
your girlfriend get the whole weekend to play with her."

"OK," agreed Becky.  Thinking of all the fun she'd have with her new
possession, however briefly the slave was hers for, she brightened
up.  "Don't worry, we'll take good care of her."

"I know you will.  Thank you." Andrew watched her get into the front
of her van and drive off.  He knew his slave would be in good hands.
