Megatron’s recharge was fitful, the whispers continuous, and he spent much of the night trying to find a comfortable position to lie in.

He was startled awake by Prime’s hand on his shoulder, and surprised to realize he had finally dropped off and stayed in recharge. “Ratchet needs to see you,” Prime said, voice dull and flat.

Megatron frowned, but rose and followed behind Prime, being as docile as he could in the hopes the buzz of discomfort would ease a little more. True he was no stranger to pain, he had a high tolerance of it in fact, but it was annoying. And this was meant to break even the very strong.

He hated to admit that it might work. He could hold out, maybe a way to disable it would be found before he gave in. He was no longer a confused youngling who knew nothing beyond slavery. He was powerful and far stronger than his younger self had ever been.

Straightening his shoulders a little, Megatron walked past Prime, and entered the medbay. He glanced back, but Prime was already gone. Perceptor and Ratchet had their heads together over a datapad, the little scientist jabbering in a fast excited voice.

Ratchet motioned Megatron to a berth without looking up.

A few more minutes passed before Megatron lost patience, and demanded, “Well? Why am I here?”

“Impatient aren’t we? Why, where are you going today?” Ratchet asked. He paced over to Megatron, and quickly plugged a datapad into Megatron’s medical port.

“I don’t like being ignored.” Ratchet snorted, and Megatron narrowed his gaze, following the medic through his systems. “What’s that one all excited about?” he asked tipping his head toward Perceptor.

Ratchet glared up at him, but Perceptor smiled brightly. “We’ve had quite the break though! We’ve discovered a way to over-write the slave code when it’s dormant!”

“That hardly helps me,” Megatron snarled.

“Well, no,” Perceptor said, his exuberance barely dimming, “but the next step is a program that will over-write the active slave code.”

Ratchet hummed the way Megatron had come to recognize meant he didn’t like what he was seeing. “Why are you running hot? Your systems are taxed. How often are you overloaded?”

Optic ridge arching, Megatron looked very deliberately at Perceptor.

“Bye, Perce,” Ratchet said.

“What? Oh… um... yes…” Perceptor stuttered. “I’ll just leave this for later then.” He put the datapad down, and scurried out of the medbay.

Ratchet hopped up on the table next to Megatron, and stared.

“Don’t go getting friendly on me now, medic.”

“Hardly,” Ratchet smirked, but before he could continue the alarms went off, and Prowl’s voice droned out an order for all hands to report.

”Slaggit! Let’s go.” Ratchet hopped down from the table, and tugged on Megatron’s arm. “But don’t think this gets you out of our little chat.”

Megatron was deposited in the Command Center with Red Alert, who was too busy punching buttons to even flick a paranoid glare at him. Megatron stepped a little closer, just enough to better watch what was happening on Teletraan’s screen. He would start his game of Fritz the Glitch after he had a handle on the situation.

Red Alert was fidgeting. Prime’s voice sounded through the comm system. “Wait here, Autobots. I’ll check it out.” As Prime crept forward, Red Alert began muttering, “No, no, no. You’re the leader! How many times do I have to tell you?”

Megatron smirked, and shook his head. Real leaders led from the front, not from safely behind the cannon fodder. He was about to say as much, when a deep boom sent static across Teletraan’s screen, and sharp feedback through the comms.

Red Alert shouted, “No!” and ran out. Megatron could hear his tires squealing as he sped away. He stared after the little mech in confusion for a moment, then turned back to the screen. The dust and debris was clearing, and with a rather sad beep, Teletraan zoomed in on Prime.

Megatron watched as the bright red and deep blue began to fade away, quickly being replaced with grey. He gasped in shock, leaning against the console as his knees actually weakened. Alarms were blaring, the emergency lights flashing.

Megatron shook his head and reset his optics. “Who set the explosion?” he asked as that little icon appeared, but blinking yellow this time instead of red.

“Unknown,” Teletraan replied.

“Does Prime have a named successor?”

“Negative.”

Megatron stood in stunned silence for a moment as Autobot after Autobot flashed through his processors. They had at times debated Prime, but none would have made a suitable replacement, and none would have ever challenged Prime for leadership. He watched the yellow icon flash a few more times, then disappear. He stared, unable to see any of the Autobots, but hearing their voices, all shouting, crying out in anguish.

Megatron felt his systems settling, going back to normal.

Normal.

Dormant.

He dashed from the Command Center to the medbay. The datapad was still there, and he looked it over quickly. Megatron had learned quite a bit over the course of his life, but this was beyond his abilities. Deciding it was worth the risk, because no way would he be returning to his Decepticons with the chance that Starscream knew about the slave code, Megatron plugged it in.

He braced himself for whatever pain might come, and tapped ‘execute’. Instead of the expected pain, his HUD and the datapad showed a simple status bar. It blinked twice when the upload and install was finished, then shut down. Megatron disconnected, and stared at the datapad. That had been… remarkably easy.

He wondered if maybe it hadn’t really worked, but decided he could say it had if questioned, and have Soundwave look in private later to confirm. Right now he needed to get out of the Ark before the Autobots came back. His weapon systems were still offline, and he had no idea where Prime had his cannon hidden. It wouldn’t be the wisest choice to remain in enemy territory.

Megatron hurried to the entrance only to pull up short at the sight of all the Autobots.

Prime included.

Megatron walked out, and with nothing more than a small gesture from Prime’s hand, the Autobots filed past him, leaving him to face his former master alone. He could fight now. The thought sent no pain through his circuits. He could try to kill Prime if he wanted to. No whispers assaulted his processors.

“Go to my quarters. Get on the berth,” Prime ordered.

“No,” Megatron said with a grin. He walked right up to Prime, stopping less than an arm’s length away. “Quite the show.”

“It worked if you can tell me no.”

Megatron leaned closer, and tapped a finger on Prime’s mask in silent request. He was a little surprised when Prime retracted the mask. Megatron grazed his fingertips along Prime’s cheek. “Oh it’s tempting. It’s just nice not to need it.”

“Tempting?” Prime’s mouth twisted, half smile, half grimace.

Megatron just smiled. “You set all this up after denying me last night?”

“Yes. Perceptor had already informed me they had found a way to destroy the dormant code. It took some planning and some debating, but we pulled together our little show for you. You owe Hound a sincere thank you, he was most disturbed to have to project images of me deactivated.”

Megatron grunted noncommittally, and kept his touch light on Prime’s face, thumb running over his bottom lip. “You realize the war is about to get difficult again, and it’s all your fault for freeing me?”

Prime leaned into the touch. “Does it have to? I disagree with some of your ideas, but we want the same thing. We can work something out.”

Megatron smirked at the hopeful tone. “There is still the energy crisis. If you are unwilling to do what is needed, then we will never reach an accord.”

Prime nodded, but still didn’t pull away from Megatron’s touch. “Actually, my science team told me long ago that using the same space bridge technology you and Shockwave did before, we can move Cybertron into orbit in this solar system.” He quickly held up a hand. “We would place it in an orbit that does not jeopardize Earth. Then we could still use the sun’s energy.”

“You are overly fond of these flesh creatures.”

Prime shrugged. “No conquering the universe, Megatron. Let’s just rebuild our planet and people. The Sun’s energy would allow that, though I understand it will take quite some time before Cybertron would be truly healed. It would be so much easier if we worked together on the restoration.”

Megatron nodded, leaning in slowly. Prime remained still. “They’re watching this, want to back away?” Instead Prime moved forward into the kiss. Megatron left his optics half open, watching the light blush appear on Prime’s face as his lips moved against Megatron’s. Megatron pulled back, smiling. “After I have my army in hand, I’m going to come back and spike you for a change.”

Blush deepening to a hot pink, Prime muttered, “Promises.”

Megatron threw back his head and laughed for a moment before sobering. He looked at Prime, really looked at him. “I wouldn’t have treated you as well. I wouldn’t have freed you.”

“I know.”

Rolling his optics, Megatron muttered, “Soft-sparked glitch. It’s a wonder you’ve managed to survive at all.” He leaned in for one last kiss, just because he figured he would get away with it, then stepped back to leave.

“Oh, and Megatron,” Prime said, halting him. “Go easy on Starscream. We would have been in trouble if not for you and Soundwave working to sabotage him.”

Megatron snorted, then gave Prime a wicked grin. “Imagine how bad it would have been if the little slagger worked with me instead of against me all the time.” 

“Exactly. And Skyfire tells me Starscream was once a scientist. We could use all the input we can get for our future.”

Sighing before he could stop himself, and glowering at the snicker from Prime, Megatron said, “You’ll make him insufferable.” He paused. “More so.” Megatron shook his head and engaged his antigrav. “I’ll be in touch Prime.”