Kelly’s Massage
by TheBlushingPrincess 

Kelly’s Massage: Part 1 The Stripping

I’m on vacation and I decide to catch up with my friend who I haven’t seen since high school. We’re talking and she confirms (as I had long suspected) that she is bisexual. She’s so incredibly pretty and very feminine. Her body is petite and tight. She wears leggings and a crop top with bare shoulders. Her skin looks so soft and smooth. I guess I’m noticing all that because she mentioned she is bisexual. And I start to see her in kind of a sexual context. I start to imagine her naked with other women. Maybe even with me. And that surprises the hell out of me.

It turns out that she is a massage therapist. She works out of her home. She invites me back for a massage. On the house, as it were. I’m a little nervous, but I accept. I’m nervous about her seeing my naked body but she assures me that I will have a towel.

We get back to her house and my heart is going a mile a minute. She has a nice house. It’s just her. No significant other. No pets. Just the two of us alone. I’m all butterflies. I’ve never been attracted to a girl in my life. And here I am, about to get naked for her.

She confesses that in high school she had a little crush on me, but she wasn’t out at the time and never said anything. I’m a little weirded out as she tells me that she would look at me in the locker room and later get off to my image. But I’m also flattered and a little turned on.

She brings me into her studio. It looks very professional, like you would see in one of those massage places in a shopping center or something. Very serene and with all the professional amenities.

She hands me a big fluffy towel and tells me to get undressed and wrap myself in the towel. She excuses herself and gives me some privacy.

I’m trembling a bit as I wriggle out of my tight jeans and pull off my shirt. I place them in the little cubby on the side of the table. But I’m too nervous and shy to take off my bra, panties, or socks. (As you know, I’m particularly shy about my feet, as I feel like if they are exposed, they are just asking to be tickled.)

So I cover up with the fluffy towel and nervously wait.

Nicole comes back in. She has changed into shorts and a sports bra. I’m floored at how amazing she looks. Her belly looks so soft but incredibly toned at the same time. She says it can get warm in there and she likes to be comfortable, and she hopes I don’t mind. I can barely say anything.

She tells me to lay face down on the massage table. She starts to work my shoulders and then pulls the towel down to expose my back a bit. The soft ocean sounds from the noise generator are soothing and it feels amazing.

But then she sees that I’m still wearing my bra. Her tone changes. She becomes stern.

“Kelly.”

“Yes?”

“I told you to strip.”

“I did.”

“No. You left your bra on. I’m going to leave again. When I come back in, you are to be wearing nothing but that towel. Do you understand?”

I’m a little surprised. My heart is racing. I don’t even say anything.

Nicole leaves. I hear the door close.

I look around. I don’t know why. I’m alone. I modestly take my bra off. I instinctively cover my breasts immediately as I do, even though nobody else is in the room. I quickly cover with the towel and lay back down on the table.

Nicole walks back in.

She continues the massage. She lowers the towel and starts to work my shoulder blades and the areas on either side of my spine. She continues to lower the towel, bit by bit.

She lowers the towel down, just below my lower back. Then she stops touching me.

“Kelly,” she says, sternly.

“Yes?” Shit. I’ve been caught.

“I told you to strip completely.”

“I took my bra off.”

“I don’t think you understand. Strip means strip. Panties too. Naked. Completely naked. Nothing but the towel. Do you understand?”

I nod.

She walks out the door.

I sit up on the table. What the fuck is happening? Without standing up (I’m too shy to stand up), I wiggle out of my panties without even taking off the towel. The feel of my bare cheeks against the towel and table is a visceral acknowledgement of my nakedness. Nicole is going to see my ass. I know it. I’m really nervous and my heart is racing. But I cover back up and lay down on the table, face down.

Nicole walks back in. My jaw drops to the floor. She has taken off her shorts. She’s just wearing her sports bra and these athletic panties. Her upper thighs are so incredible. Smooth and shapely. Something stirs in me and I’m completely shocked.

Without saying a word, she lowers the towel, exposing just the top part of my ass. She works my lower back for a long time. She knows exactly what she’s doing. It feels so incredible. The deep pressure. Her fingers kneading my tight muscles.

Without warning, she pulls the towel away completely. Then, I’m surprised. She steps back and is just looking at me. Top to bottom. I don’t say anything. She doesn’t say anything. I’m just looking at her looking.

“Kelly.”

“Yes?”

“You’re wearing your socks.”

“I figured that wouldn’t matter.”

“How can I massage your feet if you’re wearing your socks?”

This is my worst nightmare. “You don’t have to massage my feet.”

“No, I do. It’s a full body massage. I’m working top to bottom. Next is your thighs. Then your calves. Then your feet.”

I’m scared shitless. Those are (arguably) the most ticklish parts of my body. My upper-inner thigh, the backs of my knees, and my feet. I’ll look like a stupid little girl if she starts massaging me and I burst out squirming and screaming. I can’t do it.

“I’m going to leave one more time. One last time. And when I come back in, you need to be completely naked, socks off, everything off, face down on the table.”

And she walks out of the room.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. What is happening?

I reach down and pull my socks off. I look at my feet. They’ll just be completely defenseless. I know she’s just massaging me. It’s not like she’s tickling me. But it’s going to tickle. There’s no way around it. And I’ll look like a stupid little girl.

But I put the socks in the cubby with the rest of my clothes and I lay down on the table, face down, as directed.

Nicole comes back in.

“Finally,” she says, a little annoyed.

She starts to work my thighs. It’s deep pressure. It tickles like crazy. I try to squirm in a way that she won’t notice. Like I’m just moving in reaction to how good it feels. I don’t know if she buys it or not. Her fingertips drift over the backs of my knees. I tense every muscle in my body so I don’t respond with my usual wriggling and thrashing. I think it’s working. But she questions me.

“Kelly, don’t tense up. You need to relax. Otherwise you won’t get the benefit of the massage.”

She switches the machine from ocean sounds to some new age music.

“Maybe that will help you relax.”

She moves to my calves. The deep pressure on the back of my calves is more than I can take. I’m doing my best to keep it together. But then out it comes. A laugh. It’s a short one. But it’s a big laugh. Unmistakable.

We both ignore it. She works my calves for a while. I try to just gyrate and squirm to alleviate the tickling. It works a bit. Not too well, but enough.

I feel droplets of massage oil landing on my toes and soles. The droplets alone make me jump. With my hands, I squeeze the legs of the massage table with all my might. I literally bite my tongue in anticipation of Nicole’s fingers on the freakishly sensitive bottoms of my feet. I’m braced and ready… I think.

It’s deep pressure. Thankfully. Not nearly as ticklish as light caresses on my soles. It still tickles but I can contain my response. I’m about to bite right through my tongue. But I manage. She only lingers for a few minutes. It’s torture, but I manage to survive.

She steps back.

There’s silence for a minute.

“Now roll over.”

I freeze. I say nothing.

“Kelly. Roll over. I need to do your front.”

“My front?”

“Yes.”

“Roll over?”

“Yes.”

I pause and contemplate my next move.

“Can I have the towel back?”

“There would be no point. It’s a full body massage.”

I pause again. Our eyes are locked. I don’t know what’s going through her mind. But I’m in pieces.

She says, “I’m going to leave for a minute if that makes you more comfortable. When I come back in, you need to be face up, uncovered, on the table. Do you understand?”

I look at her. She’s not fucking around.

“Yes," I meekly reply.

She exits and closes the door.

Holy fuck. Can I really do this?


Kelly’s Massage: Part 2 The Nipple Trance

I feel like I have no choice. Nicole has instructed me to lay down naked, face up on the massage table. No girl has ever seen me like that. I’m shy enough in front of guys. But this is a whole new thing. Here’s this attractive bi woman—and a good friend of mine from high school—who wants me to lay down for her, completely exposed. My mind is racing. And so is my heart. But I feel like I have no choice. It’s the “pleaser” in me. I don’t like to let people down. And I know it’s irrational, but I feel like I’d be letting her down.

So I roll myself over. I so want to cover my breasts with my hands so when she walks in I won’t be completely exposed. But I know she would be displeased with that. So I just let my hands rest at my sides.

I wait.

What’s taking her so long??? I’m just laying here naked. The anticipation is killing me.

Another minute. Still waiting.

Fuck. I’m starting to get antsy. And squirmy. And nervous. And I shock myself, but also a little turned on. Fuck. I’ve never, ever, ever been turned on by another woman. What the fuck is happening???

Finally the door opens. Nicole walks in. Right up to me. She’s looking at my body. Up and down. Not in a leering way, actually, but more of in a caring way. Like she’s assessing my body to see what kind of massage I need. What will make me feel the best. But still, watching her eyes on every inch of me is tough to take. But I lay there and take it like a champ.

I feel my nipples getting firmer as a result of her gaze.

She notices and smiles.

She breaks the silence. “Kelly, I’m sorry for being so stern with you before. I just needed you to follow the instructions. It’s just part of my assessment. I need to be in tune with your whole body. Because I take a holistic approach to physical health and massage. It’s mind and body. I needed to break down your shyness. Your barriers to being seen. You have so much tension, not only in your body, but in your mind too. But don’t worry. I’ve got some techniques that will help you relax and let go. But you’ll have to trust me. Do you trust me?”

I nod.

She stands right next to my chest. She takes a small bottle of massage oil and holds it over my breasts.

“What are you doing,” I ask, surprised at what she’s doing.

She carefully pours a few drops onto my nipples.

“You need your nipples to be massaged.”

“What???”

“Kelly, trust me. That’s what you need. You need your nipples to be massaged.”

She would have no way of knowing this, but my nipples are insanely sensitive. It’s like there’s a direct line from my nipples to my privates. I can’t get off from nipple stimulation alone (and don’t think it hasn’t been tried) but it gets me so incredibly close. It’s great for a few minutes and then it becomes this edging sensation which makes me completely crazy. Like I’m in a hypnotized trance.

And before I even know what’s happening, her fingers are lightly caressing my nipples. I’m okay for a few seconds and then my eyes start to roll back in my head.

“Kelly, look at me.”

I do. With the nipple stimulation, it’s tough to do, but I maintain eye contact.

With our eyes locked, she continues to gently caress my nipples. Ever so lightly with her fingertips. I don’t know how she knows what to do, but she’s right. It’s exactly what I need. I want to close my eyes and get lost in it, but she makes me keep eye contact. Her eyes become deeper and more beautiful to me with every passing second.

“Kelly…”

“Yes…” I say in a near trance.

“You need to be tied up now.”

Her statement catches me off-guard and I almost break out of my nipple-induced trance.

“What???”

“I’m going to tie you up. It’s what you need. I know.”

Quietly and in a bit of a hypnotic-like mode, I say, “What do you mean, ‘What I need?’”

“You’ll have to trust me. You need to be tied up.”

“Tied up?”

“That’s right.”

“Why?”

She is unceasing with the nipple teasing and it’s making me wild. My hips are gyrating. I soooo want to touch myself, but I know I dare not.

She responds to my question with a question.

“What do you mean, ‘Why?’”

I say, “Why do you need to tie me up?”

“Kelly, no. You don’t understand. I don’t need to tie you up. You need to be tied up. This is for you. It’s what you need. I know.”

“Why?”

“Isn’t it obvious? You’re so cute. Your body was designed to be tied up. It’s what you were made for.”

“What do you mean?”

“Kelly, open your eyes. You’re so cute. Your smooth shoulders. Your perfect thighs. Your petite feet. Your perfectly pink, puffy nipples. You were created to be tied up and tortured.”

This gets my attention, although the nipple stimulation prevents me from being more assertive. “Tortured?”

“That’s right. You need to be tied up and tortured. You need a thorough torturing.”

“What do you mean ‘tortured?’”

“I can’t tell yet. I won’t know until you’re tied up. We’ll have to wait. But trust me. It’s exactly what you need. You need to be tied up and tortured.”

“I’m not sure…”

“Oh, but I am. Here, repeat after me: I, Kelly…”

The nipple stimulation gives me no choice but to comply. I repeat. “I, Kelly…”

“Need Nicole to tie me up…”

“Need Nicole to tie me up…”

“And torture me.”

“Are you sure?”

“And torture me.”

“And torture me.”

Nicole smiles at me. My hypnotic state must be obvious to her.

She is relentless with the nipple teasing. Unending. My body is a quivering mass of jelly.

She moves her face closer to mine.

“That’s fine, Kelly. I’ll tie you up and torture you. But I need to know you really want it. Do you really want it?”

Fuck. I do. I really do. I don’t but I do. I have no idea what’s going on. Damn my sensitive nipples! Damn them!!!

“Yes, Nicole. I want you to tie me up.”

“And…?”

“And torture me.”

The nipple stimulation continues.

“Beg me…” she demands.

What the fuck am I doing? It’s like my mind is separated from my mouth.

“Please, Nicole. I need you… I beg you… to tie me up and torture me.”

“For how long?”

“For as long as you want.”

“That’s a good girl, Kelly. That’s a good girl.”

And with that, she withdraws her fingers from my nipples. I’m still reeling in the aftershock. My body can’t stop undulating.

Nicole takes me by the hands and helps me stand up. I’m all wobbly. She lovingly brings me into her bedroom and guides me to her bed. It’s fully equipped with restraints and supports of all kinds. Clearly, she is prepared and knows what she’s doing.

“It’s warm in here,” I say, as she leads me closer to the bed.

“I want you to be comfortable, Kelly. This is all for you.”

She helps me lay down.

One last time, I meekly protest. “Torture?”

“Don’t worry,” she reassures me. “It’s exactly what you need. I promise.”

I’ve never been more nervous… and scared… and excited… and petrified… in my life.

Nicole pulls a retractable restraint from the right side of the headboard.

“Your right hand,” she demands, in a calming but authoritative voice. My heart is racing. But I comply.


