Acting Out Fantasies
by welove2nudebeaches

Acting Out Fantasies Pt. 02

Michelle fully commits to being a weekend slave.

While Michelle had been with the hotel employee and her husband filming, her four weekend masters had been talking while they were watching. When the ben-wa balls were revealed, Jim spoke up to the gathered crowd. "All right guys, we've got plans for her up in our room, but we don't want you to be left out. We'll leave the door open, and you can feel free to come by. We are in room 1212."

The rest of the guys shuffled up the elevator, leaving Michelle - naked, panting, and ready for more -- alone with Jim, Mike, Bob and Tommy, and of course, her husband Pete. Michelle's new "masters" made their way over to her, to tell her the game plan.

"You did well in proving yourself, Michelle," said Jim, who was beginning to take the job of lead spokesman. "I'm not sure you knew what you were signing up for when you made your commitment to us, but I just watched you cum 3 times, and I can see how flushed you are, still wanting to go. I'm not sure yet about Pete here being on board, but I am sure about you. You want us to really use you. You want to see just how far down this rabbit hole this feeling goes, Am I right?"

"Yes, sir," Michelle said without hesitation. "These last 30 minutes have given me a window into my very core. I am scared but excited at the same time to see what you guys will do with me." Pete could not believe the things that his wife was saying and agreeing to.

"Can I ask where this came from?" asked Mike.

"What do you mean?" asked Michelle looking puzzled. Pete was wondering the same exact thing as Mike.

"I already told you," said Michelle. "My husband and I are trying to spice things up by acting out fantasies, and this is mine."

"No, that's not good enough," said Mike. "This," he said, gesturing in a way that acknowledged that she was still naked, and not even covering up. "isnot what middle class women do to 'spice' up their lives. They dress sexier; they get sensual massages; they invite people over for threesomes, and then maybe they move on to bigger stuff. What they don't do is they don't dive in head first by inviting four average strangers to take charge of their body for the weekend."

After a moment, Michelle answered. "Well, it's what this middle class woman has done."

They all looked skeptical.

"Look," Mike said, "we might look like average guys, but what we are thinking about for you is not average at all. What we don't want is for us to hurt you, or for us to screw things up. If we think that you are serious here, and we set up something that ruins you, ruins this, or causes your husband to freak out on us, we have to live with it, you have to live with it, and that's bad for everyone."

Michelle didn't have a response to this.

Mike continued. "If you'll tell us a little bit about where this came from, we might be able to prevent a bad situation."

Michelle thought for a minute. Pete knew the look on her face as she thought. She wasn't looking at anyone, but there was a twinkle in her eye, and a near-smile on her face. She was about to give an answer that would not be completely true. He knew from experience.

"I'm not going to tell you where this comes from," she said. "You'll have to pull that out of me." Then with a coy smile, she added, "A girl's got to have her secrets" Then her face got more serious, yet still held a level of excitement.

"I'll tell you what I told Pete, and I mean this. I am prepared to deal with all that comes from whatever happens, all that you can throw at me. I'm prepared for the consequences of my actions...and your orders." That last little phrase had the tone of challenge to it.

"We'll see about that," Jim said. "Here's what we're thinking, this all being rather sudden. Over the course of the next few days, you will be tested in this newfound sluttiness you profess to. Some of the ideas we have might sound shocking, or over the top. We still have to set these things up, but I want to tell you some of what we have in store for you if it all works out, in addition to the free-use fucking you are going to give the rest of us.

First up, Mike here is going to take you to a birthday party tomorrow afternoon for an old man from his neighborhood he knows. He says this guy is loved by everyone, but they all know he's a real pervert with a hankering for white girls. He's a widower and has not been laid properly in years, just watches old porn videos on TV. Mike's told us about him before.

Anyway, this guy's got a few of his friends coming over to celebrate and he included Mike in his invitation last week. Mike is going to make you his birthday gift to the man and his friends for the evening, so that they don't have to watch it on DVD. You'll be the real thing" He stopped, waiting for Michelle to balk at this, but she kept nodding, and now standing, had started once again pinching her nipples. She looked at Mike, and then closing her eyes, moaned her approval at his plan for her.

Jim continued. "Tommy here looks a little sloppy in his life and appearance, and those looks are not deceiving. But still, he's kept up his friendship with some guys and gals from high school. They were always a little bit left out of the "in-crowd," and have always been a little bit bitter about that. I know about their feelings because my oldest daughter is one of his friends, and she is one bitter woman. You look like the perfect candidate for what Tommy wants to do.

"He's going to take you, along with his friends, for an afternoon on a boat to a local lake. He's going to introduce you as a former cheerleader and homecoming queen that he has come to know, and show you off on the boat. By the way, Tommy has a fascination with humiliating girls in the nastiest ways possible. He's like a younger, whiter version of the guy who's birthday is tomorrow. They're going to rent the boat on Saturday, so we'll have to get you a swimming suit that's "appropriate" for the occasion beforehand.

Tommy chimed in. "Be prepared to be shown off, doing nasty things." They expected her to balk or ask questions, but instead Michelle swooned at these as she had the news about Mike's plans, and then started fingering herself in front of these men. Nothing they were saying was deterring her. Instead, it was all egging on and building a wave of arousal she was riding. She got down on the floor, laid back and spread her legs, and using her left hand, inserted a second and third finger inside of her, fucking herself with purpose.

They all watched her for a while in silence. Pete still had his camera rolling, catching all of this on video. As he focused in, the camera showed that Michelle was clean-shaven around her pussy, and her little nub was not so little anymore. She was visibly wet again, and squelching noises filled the lobby. She was circling her clit, and every once in a while, she would change to an up and down motion. With each downward motion, she would insert her 3 middle fingers again.

She wasn't looking at anyone or talking to anyone, but she was talking to herself. "Oh my God, this feels so good! I've never done anything like this before! I feel so slutty!" Those words were intermingling with moans and gasps, especially as she would return to her clit.

After a couple of minutes, her breathing was getting quicker, and her hips were starting to buck, yet another orgasm clearly becoming inevitable. Just as she was about to come, Jim said, "Michelle, do not come until I tell you that you can."

"Nooo..." she moaned, finally removing her hands. She frowned as she looked up at Jim, a pleading look on her face. Then, still with her ass on the floor and her knees folded up, she reached around her legs with both hands and started fingering herself, inserting two fingers from each hand, and then gradually pulling her pussy lips wider, so that you can see a gape inside. Pete, still filiming, alternated between what her hands were doing, and the look of pained extasy on her face. Never had he seen this kind of behavior before from his wife. He had come many times to amateur wives doing it on porn clips, but watching his wife do it was incredibly arousing.

Jim eventually continued. Feeling the need to justify why he had stopped Michelle;s orgasm. "You haven't even heard what Bob and I have planned. You can come after I tell you that you can, but not until you hear what we have planned." Michelle nodded.

"Bob, as you can tell from your dress being in tatters, is a dominant man who likes to see sluts uncomfortable with pain and humiliation. He's told me some stories of things he's done with submissive women before; things that he'd love to do again. And he's told me some things he hasn't yet done but wants to try. He has a real hankering to do some of that stuff with you. Your true test of being a submissive slave will come with him. Bob promised that nothing will be permanent, but you will be feeling it for a while, I would hazard to guess."

Michelle interjected, while still fingering herself, and while her eyes were rolling back from the pleasure she was experiencing as she lost herself in these thoughts. "You guys have definitely thought this stuff through. Is this what you guys talk about when you are on trips like this?"

Tommy spoke up. "We had an opportunity kind of like this one time before. It was a husband and wife, and she was submissive. We met them in a hotel bar like this one, and met them in the same way, but they only gave us one night to do our thing. She didn't ever 'give' us her body, but he loved putting nipple clamps on her, fucking her with a huge dildo, and spanking her, all while we watched. We knew we could do what we wanted with her.

We all had a great time, especially her, but it left us wanting more. After that, we got real comfortable talking to each other about our sex lives and our sex fantasies. We each know the others' preferences. And one of our favorite conversations has been to plan out what we would do if we ever had another chance like that one night."

Michelle was listening, while continuing to tease her pussy, which was getting wetter, even with all the touching and abuse it had taken already. Mike chimed in. "That's why we took a chance with you. You guys both looked nervous, but like you might be up to some fun. You never know until you try." They all laughed at that.

Then Bob added, "We never thought our chance would come, but here we are. And look at you. You are one beautiful woman."

She blushed at this and said, "Thank you."

Pete took advantage of the compliment about her to pan the camera over her body. Michelle had an athletic body, forged from many late-night runs, lots of yoga, and good genes. Her shoulders slumped naturally, but only slightly. She had a little bit of flab on her belly, the result of 2 children, each of them now in college. She had firm, strong thighs, which she always complained were too big (they weren't).

Even though it wasn't showing up on the camera now, Pete knew that her best feature was her ass. It was not a "fat" ass, nor was it skinny. It was just right, and when she was training for a race of some sort (she loved 5k races), it tightened up just right, perfect for a 42 year old to turn heads. Pete knew he was lucky to have her for a wife, and especially felt that as he took stock of their group.

They were all watching, eyes transfixed as Michelle kept getting to the edge, and would then pull herself back. She even started circling her asshole with a finger from the other hand.

Jim regained control. He pulled her fingers away, eliciting a frown and a moan from her.

"Please," she gasped.

He then reached out and started running his finger up and down her slit, teasing her by grazing her love nub, then returning to her slit. He never penetrated, frustrating her, but turning her on beyond belief. She felt like she was on the edge forever. Her moaning grew more fervent and her hips started bucking violently, trying to get his finger inside of her pussy, which felt like it was on fire.

"Look at me, and don't take your eyes off of mine," he said, intending to tease her until she begged again to be fucked. She complied, fixing her eyes on his, but continued with her moaning.

Then she found some words in the middle of her arousal. "I've heard about the other three, and their plans for me. What are yours?" She asked, gasping, desperately trying to get his finger to touch her clit one final time, knowing the fireworks of yet another orgasm were moments away. He was crouched down, a smirk on his face, knowing that he was in control of a beautiful woman.

He reminded her to keep her eyes on him by lifting up her chin. "As for me, I have always had a fantasy of humiliating a beautiful woman who was complicit in her humiliation. In my fantasy, she does it in front of her friends and her family, and she is totally into it. I mean really humiliate her while she is having uncontrolled orgasms and confessing that she is a slut."

At these words, Michelle tried to touch herself, but Jim wanted her attention, so he swatted her hands away. "What kind of humiliation?" she whispered, arousal dripping in her tone. She was still rocking her hips, her eyes now closed, trying to take in all of what he was saying and prevent her orgasm, all at the same time.

Jim continued, allowing her to not look at him for a moment. "I want the woman to be naked in front of friends and family, telling them the truth about who she is. I want her to call herself names, to admit who she really is, and to leave no doubt in their mind that she wants to be treated differently from then on, like a slut."

As Jim was saying this, they all noticed that her hip-rocking became more pronounced. For her part, her body felt like pins and needles, every nerve creating pleasure. When she heard Jim say what he intended to do, she imagined family and friends gathered around a room, watching her admit to being a slut, and an image of her fucking herself with a giant dildo in her parents' living room came to mind. Her eyes rolled back, and then something happened that she had never experienced before.

For the first time in her life, Michelle came with no hands on her, no vibrator, or cock or anything near her. Just her imagination, combined with all the lead-up she had endured already that night, caused her to come. And she didn't just come.

She squirted.

Her pussy juice started coming out of her pussy in a steady stream. And she was yelling without even thinking about it. "I'M COMING! OH GOD! I'M COMING! THE SHAME! I'M COMING! HOLY SHIT!"

She was yelling all of this, but involuntary sobs were also coming from her.

All of the guys just stared at her in awe, as they had never witnessed a woman come without being touched.

Pete was completely befuddled about what to do. He didn't know if he should go hug her, pick her up and carry her away, just watch, or what. He decided to wait it out and see. He knew that he had never seen anyone come without being touched before, least of all his wife, who took forever to come sometimes.

After her orgasm had subsided, Michelle hung her head, sobs still coming at a regular pace. Pete walked over to her, crouched down like Jim, and put his hand on her bare shoulder.

"Honey, are you OK?" he asked hesitantly.

She put her hand on his. After a lengthy pause, she spoke, head still down. "I'm not sure."

"Well then, what was that sobbing about?" Pete asked gently.

"I honestly don't know. I feel like all of this is a release that I have been needing since my teenage years, a release I never knew I needed. I also feel shame and embarrassment but it feels cathartic, like I need this. And I'm feeling it all at the same time. Every time I think about the shame of what has happened already, and what they are planning to do to me, it just turns me on, like jolt of electricity."

She looked up at Pete. "I guess I'm sobbing because of the shame, but also because I'm so sorry that I've waited this long for this release. And maybe because I'm a little sorry I've hidden these fantasies and feelings from you for so long."

Pete found compassion for her. "Michelle, honey, don't apologize. I don't know what to say, though. Maybe you just need this. We'll figure it out later, OK?" Michelle nodded at this.

Jim then spoke softly, still crouched down. "It sounds like you are discovering things about yourself that you needed to discover." He paused, and then added, "Look, this is awesome. You, Michelle, are a fireball, and Pete here seems like a good husband to let you explore this. I know this is all turning your insides into jelly, so let me offer this, and I speak for the guys. If you need to call it quits to think about all this, I can speak for the guys and tell you that we can take a rain check."

Michelle looked up at Jim, and then at the other three. Finally, she looked at Pete and smiled. She said, "No. I think I need to see where this rabbit hole goes." And then, alternating her gaze at the four strangers-turned-masters, she added after a swallow, "And I appreciate the kindness, because it makes me feel like I made the right choice. But I'm good. I want you to put me through my paces. There will be no hard feelings, and if there are, then we'll just agree to part ways and never get connected again. Deal?"

Without hesitation, Jim said, "Deal."

Michelle then asked Jim, "So have you ever done this before? Humiliated someone like what you mentioned before?"

"No," Jim admitted. "But I have played out the scenario a thousand times in my mind. You'll be my guinea pig."

Michelle asked, "I'm not sure how I feel about that, Jim." Then, as if was normal question that she was asking, she inquired, "How will you humiliate me in front of my family?"

"Well, not just your family. This is what I have in mind. I am going to need you to write out a list of names of people to come over to wherever we meet on Sunday night. You're in charge of who, but you'll make 2 lists of 10 people. The first list is for if we get it right and if you are still into the humiliation thing. I want family members and closest friends and add a couple of co-workers.

"If, in the next couple of days, you and Pete decide you truly want a different life, and you want to be a proud slut, then we'll use the first list. If you're not sure, we'll use the second list, which should just be casual friends, maybe even Pete's friends. That one will be in case you just want to finish the weekend as we planned, but don't want to consequences of it."

Michelle listened intently, not sure which Michelle would be present on Sunday night; not sure which Michelle she wanted to be present on Sunday night.

Jim continued on. "Once we get them, in the room, whoever they are, we're going to show them some video highlights of what you've been up to this weekend along with a real-life demonstration of what you are capable of doing. I don't want to divulge too much more, because how the weekend goes will determine how we handle that."

Michelle looked like she might balk at this. "People will see what I've done all weekend? Can't it be tamer than that? I mean, look at what I've already done. I shudder to think what else is in store. Can't we just take some nude pics or something?"

Jim responded, "If I'm in charge, no. This is my fantasy, for what it's worth. A woman coming clean about being a submissive slut to her family and her friends, so that she cannot escape who she is, is one of the biggest fantasies I've ever had."

"That's easy for you to say," Michelle and Pete both said at the same time.

Pete added, "You are not the one who has to live with the consequences of a moment like that. She is. I am."

Jim thought for a second. "That's true," he conceded. "But it's my fantasy, and she's given us the weekend to be her masters. Besides, you still have a card you can pull."

"What's that?" Pete said.

"All she has to do is speak the safe word, and it will stop."

"That's true," Michelle said, but both Pete and Michelle knew the truth about that.

Then Jim spoke a little louder, still looking at Michelle, but now including Mike, Bob and Tommy in the conversation. "That's the plan as it stands right now. You've heard what we're going to do to you, with you, and for you. But we need to know for real from you now that you're coming down from that very awesome orgasm. You're either in or out. If you're in, you're in all the way, no questions asked. If you're out, we're done, and it's back to the boring life you have had with your husband. Which is it going to be?"

This was it, the moment of decision. Everything before had been awesome and spontaneous, but if Michelle and Pete said yes, they would be signing up for risky stuff that had been planned. Michelle would be living out the fantasies of other people on their terms, and it would be pretty hard to say no. Michelle was a people-pleaser, and this would put that to the ultimate test.

She shot a quick glance at Pete, who seemed to have a look of doubt on his face. He cringed at the thought of the choice she was being presented with, but she seemed completely lost in arousal at the mention of these "episodes" each carrying a level of sexual slavery neither of them had ever seen, experienced, or imagined, at least as far as Pete knew.

Pete had a troubling thought: no mention had been made of details. What if these guys wanted to go past one of the barriers we've formed in our marriage? How will she respond to that? How will I respond if she lets them past one of those barriers before me?

Being gifted to a group of presumably black guys at neighborhood party? How would that be monitored to be safe? Michelle had never even danced with another black man before tonight, nor had she been seen nude by another man, and Mike was going to let a bunch of them (how many?) fuck her! He was sure that would be a barrier, but she had moaned at the mention.

And being displayed on a boat, and made to do "nasty" things, in Tommy's own words? Michelle never dressed sexy, unless it was in the bedroom. She had always dressed conservatively, even covering her ass when she wore leggings in public. And they were going to do what they did on a boat, where anyone on the lake could see them. And what did he mean by nasty things? Pete was sure that that too would be a barrier, but that had nearly made her cum. What the fuck?

When Jim mentioned Bob and the pain episode, he was sure Michelle would nix that. He and Michelle had tried a "bondage" session before. In a rare moment of willingness to explore, she had complied when Pete had pretended that she had not washed the dishes well enough, and told her to lay across his knees on the couch. He had then proceeded to spank her. He was light, but firm, and when he had finished, he was proud that he had withstood her protests. Afterward, they had had sex, her even allowing doggy-style sex, something she always said was "demeaning." Yet later when he had asked how she liked it, she said that it had done nothing for her, except make her mad at him. After an argument that followed, they had had no sex for a couple of weeks.

Yet when Bob had just spanked her with only one strike in the lobby, she had not stopped him, she had gotten more turned on. And when Jim mentioned Bob being into inflicting pain, that had spurred her on even further.

But the real icing on the cake was when Jim mentioned humiliating her in front of her friends. Michelle was very guarded about her sexuality. Always had been. Her friends were guarded, too. Sex was not ever discussed, even in polite banter with friends. But her family? They were conservative evangelicals, signing her up for "True Love Waits" as a teenager and convincing her to sign a covenant that she would not have sex before marriage. Pete was sure she would nix the whole thing after Jim mentioned what he was planning.

But just the thought of being humiliated as a sex slave in front of friends and family had caused her to have a "touchless" orgasm. Pete had been sure that she would nix everything after that, but she had not. If the person he had married was the person he was looking at, this would be over now.

He reasoned that these were thoughts that turned her on, but he was sure that Michelle being confronted with the reality that these things, or something like them, would be happening this weekend, would put an end to it, and that is where his mind was going.

And truth be told, he wasn't all that unhappy about that. Nothing had prepared him for what they had experienced already, what she had unloaded on him and these four happy-go-lucky strangers. Oh well, he started thinking in the silence, as Michelle thought this through. This is already better than anything we've ever done. We've got something we can build on for a much sexier future.

Like Mike, he was wondering where everything tonight had been coming from. All he had known before now was a repressed wife who seemed to think that sex was an afterthought in life. Kids were first. Religion was second. Career was third. Status in the community was fourth. There wasn't room for much else, at least as he knew her. But tonight had proven that there was something, or some things, that Michelle had not told him, something that could unlock some pretty scary but awesome things.

He was mentally preparing to finish up the night. He honestly couldn't wait to get her to their room and fuck the shit out of her. All the psychoanalysis could wait for another day.

But then he stiffened, as did his dick, when he heard her say, "OK, I'm in."

He looked over at her in surprise. She was quiet but confident, staring beyond the five men who had formed a semi-circle around her. He noticed that her chest was heaving again. And she was back to touching herself again. He was shocked, which led to a pit in his stomach as he thought about the implications. But still, his dick...It was straining with arousal and pre-cum. He needed relief, as he was sure all the other guys did.

His brain put up one last defense. "Michelle!" he said, almost in the same surprised and disappointed tone he used to chastise his daughter when she would cuss in front of the family.

"I'm in," she said, looking at him with fierce determination. "I've never come like this before Pete, ever. Three, no four, times already in one evening. And just look at my pussy! I'm gushing again, Pete! My nipples are harder and more sensitive than I can ever remember. I don't want this to stop. It's even better in real life than my fantasies."

She continued on: "I love you, Pete, and I'm so glad you are seeing this. You are seeing a side of myself I suspected was inside, but never thought I would see. Pete, I have to find where this all goes." Pete was staring at her, then gave her a slight nod of assent that said, "Okay, but I'm really nervous."

Then she turned to Jim. "I'm yours, like I said I was, until Monday morning, so long as my husband can participate in whatever way he wants."

"After Monday morning, if everything happens as we hope it will, you probably won't be able to hide from anyone you know what you've done," Jim warned her.

She was heaving, and moaning at every reminder Jim gave her of her self-made situation. "I know. That's what's getting me so hot. Right in this minute I want everyone to know. I want everyone to know and feel what I'm feeling. I want to experience it all." She paused, thinking, a slightly sheepish smile forming at the corner of her supple lips. "At least right now I want everyone to know what it is like to be this hot. That may change, but that is part of being a slave. You have to do what you're told, even when you don't want to."

"You got that right," said Jim.

She then asked him with surprising clarity, "Who did you say you wanted on the list for my humiliation night?"

Jim thought about that for a minute, his face showing how shocked, yet gleeful he was that he might actually get to do this. "For list one, get me your two best friends, ones that are gossips and will tell everyone else. Then I want two co-workers, preferably one who works above you, and one who works below you. I want two neighbors, one male and one female. And finally, I want two of your close family members. They won't do anything physically to you, but I want them to know and see."

Jim paused and studied Michelle for a second. Her eyes were big, probably pondering the ruin that was in store for her. But she kept looking at him. And her hand was still teasing her pussy, running one finger up and down her slit. She was moaning. He was thinking that he might get to actually see this happen.

"Then for list two, I want you to come up with a few more casual acquantances, maybe old high school friends, maybe some people you know don't like you very much, or just people you know casually." People that might smirk at you when they see you to remind you of what you've done, but whose relationship with you is not critical."

Michelle's breathing was getting more and more desperate as he spoke about what he was thinking. As for her thoughts, she knew that this would doom her forever to humiliation, fantasy, and perhaps a new life. If it felt anything like what she was feeling now, it would be awesome, and all of her life, all of her assumptions, all of her relationships, would have to be re-made. If it failed, or if this was a brief moment that would quickly subside, she would have to live with her shame. There is no undoing what you've done in front of others. Yet even that thought, of living with her shame, was more than her pussy could take.

So, she said to no one in particular: "Oh, sir, I'm about to come again, please fuck me right here!"

"Not yet, slut. You still have one more thing to do before we give you more cock than you've ever experienced.," piped in Tommy, who had been mostly quiet as he watched the events unfold.

"What?" said Michelle and Pete at the same time.

"You have to tell us exactly what you want, what the rules are for us and for others." Tommy said.

"What do you mean?" asked Michelle. "Haven't I already done that?"

"You've told us casually that you give us your body, but that can mean a lot of things. What we want is video proof that you are for real. Let's call it a slave contract, only a video version instead of signing it. This will give us ground rules, and it will give us the power to get you to do what we want in case you get other ideas."

"Can't I just get fucked first? I really need to come," Michelle asked.

"Nope," Tommy said right away. "As a matter of fact, put your hands behind your head." Michelle complied, pouting. Tommy continued, with the other three nodding their heads as he talked. "You wanting to be fucked so bad right now is the perfect time for you to give us your ground rules."

"Ground rules?" Michelle asked.

"Yes. What you say right now, we will hold you to, with the exception of the safe word you have worked out with Pete. What you don't say now, we will also hold you to. So choose your words."

"Okay, fine. I'll do whatever. Tell me what to do..."

"We're all going to video this," Bob said, "your husband included. For starters, we want your real name and where you work."

"No way!" Said Pete, anger burning in his eyes. "We're not going to give you that much power! This is just a fantasy for us. You're going to turn it into blackmail!" Pete heard Michelle moan at the mention of that word, blackmail. What the fuck? Will the surprises never end? Pete thought. She's even moaning at the thought of being blackmailed!

Tommy looked at Pete with an even face. "Pete, take a look around here at us. Michelle chose us. Out of all the people at the bar earlier, she picked us. Do you know why? Because we are the most normal average people. Because we looked nice. Because she thought she could trust us. And I'm telling you that she can. That you can. Now don't ruin this for her."

Pete didn't have anything to say to that, so Tommy continued. "Now you already know that we each have plans for her, plans for her to objectified, plans to show her off, plans to make her a submissive slut. But those plans have been fantasies for us. These are the things that we would all love to see our wives and girlfriends do, but we're too chickenshit to bring it up with them."

Pete continued listening, so Tommy continued on. "We're not mean guys with a vendetta to settle with women, we are all basically good guys with good reputations and we need our jobs. But we're guys, and like you before tonight, our wives and girlfriends don't give us much to work with when it comes to sex.

"Michelle could have just danced with us and called it a night. But instead, she came to us and dropped the bomb on all of us, not the other way around. What we're asking her for is the ammo to help her do what she has already told us she wants to do. That's it. We want her to own it by speaking the words. You have my word, and Bob's and Jim's and Mike's, that we're not going to take advantage of you, or Michelle, unless you ask us to. Deal?"

Pete stared at Tommy for a good long minute, searching his eyes to see if he could decipher something untoward in him. But he didn't. He saw sincerity. Still, he was pondering if he should just grab Michelle by the arm and take her up to their room so he could get rid of the painful hard-on that had been straining his jeans for the last hour. But he knew that to do so would cause either a massive fight, or a long and lengthy time of asking "What if..."

But then he thought about that hard-on in his pants. If he was really against all this, shouldn't he be disgusted? Shouldn't he be trying to protect and cover his naked wife, to save her honor? Instead, he had never been so hard in all his life. And he thought about his wife. She was naked. She had her hands behind her head still. Her nipples, even from a few feet away, were so hard it almost looked painful to him. And staring at her bare pussy, he could see moisture everywhere, along with juices that were now puddling on the floor.

And then he realized that in truth, Michelle had just beaten him to the punch. Her being the center of a nasty gangbang had long been his biggest fantasy. Watching her athleticism applied to her sexuality had always been one of the thoughts crossing his mind when he would masturbate. He had always imagined guys saying to him, "I can't believe she could take all of us, and she wants more!"

He had watched so many homemade gangbang clips in his life he couldn't count them, and he had frequently come, whether masturbating or in actual sex, by imagining her, Michelle, at the center of a gangbang where things got real nasty; like ass-to-mouth nasty. Like wearing-a-collar-and-leash nasty. And it appeared that that fantasy was about to become reality. But what had thrown him for a loop was that it had been her fantasy all along. He didn't know what to make of that, but he felt the need to see it, to record it, to experience it.

So, he hardened his jaw, and said, "Deal." There was an audible sigh of relief from all four guys, but also Michelle, who had been watching her husband and guessing what he was thinking.

Pete continued on. "But I want to be in this also. I'm not some cuckold that gets off on being humiliated. That's not me, never will be. I'm just proud that my wife is tapping into a side of her I've never seen before, but I'm going to fuck her just as hard as you guys do. Got it?" That brought a smile from everyone also.

"Got it," Tommy replied, probably for everyone there.

"What else do you want from her beside her name and place of work?" Pete asked, now complicit in his wife's objectification and submission.

Tommy looked at Michelle. "Tell us what you want out of this weekend. What you want us to do. Tell us your limits. Tell us what you commit to. We want you to own your own desires."

Michelle, who had watched this exchange between Tommy and Pete, had been allowing herself to think about those very things while she waited. "Ok, tell me when you are ready," she said.

Mike then added one more thing. "At the end, make sure that you absolve us from all responsibility after this weekend."

"Are you the lawyer for this outfit?" Michelle asked with a smile. With that, she stood up, taking her hands away from her head briefly.

They each pulled out their phones and got the camera ready. She looked and noticed that the hotel employee, who had already found this to be the best night of his life, and was ready for the icing on the cake, had his phone out as well. She invited him over, and he came quickly, Michelle noticing with delight that his dick was straining against his pants. Might as well get used to the humiliation, she thought. It might become a way of life. She shuddered at that thought, and watched as Pete came around with their nice hand-held camera and held it up also. She watched as they each pressed their record buttons.

All the cameras pointed at her gave her pause. She was letting someone beside her husband record her nude body, which she was strangely not embarrassed about anymore. And she was letting them record her promise to be a slave for the weekend. Instead of anxiety, her expected emotion, she felt a calm come over her, accompanied by an excitement to finally release this inner sexy beast she had now revealed, partly to herself, and completely to Pete and these new "friends."

Lost in her thoughts, she vaguely heard Bob say, "OK slut, tell us about yourself."

Looking at the cameras, and then the guys behind the cameras, she began:

"My name is Michelle (pause)... Michelle Jones, and I work for Williams accounting in Fullerville. I am naked before you because I am willingly committing to be a slave for these gentlemen here in front of me. My husband is the only other man who has fucked me in my life. But I have just asked these four men, Jim, Bob, Tommy and Mike along with my husband, Pete, to be my masters for the rest of this weekend, until Monday morning. By masters, I mean that I am giving them my body for their pleasure, with limits that I will make them aware of with a safe word that only my husband knows." Pete rolled his eyes at this.

Michelle continued. "They have permission to dress me or not, to humiliate me, and to give me to other men as they see fit. They have permission to take me anywhere that they want, as long as my husband is with me. My only rule is that my masters are not allowed to break any bones in my body or give me bruises on my face.

"I am willingly doing this of my own accord, without any coercion. It is my hope that each of these men will, in their own way, act out their fantasies, no matter how extreme, on me and for me, and that I will have had orgasms, more often, and with more power, than ever in my life. It is also my hope that I will have more come in my mouth and on my body than a woman has any right to believe will happen to them. I relieve these men who are witnessing this confession of all responsibility and consequence for the things that they command me to do."

Wow! Thought Pete. Is there no end to the surprises? I have no idea what has gotten into my wife. But she was not done.

"I hereby give each of these men permission to use this video against me should I fail to honor one of their requests, so long as it does not violate my stated rule. I relinquish all rights to all of my body, including all orifices and my nipples until Monday morning at 7am."

When Michelle stopped, she looked around. All of the guys' faces were a mix of shock, disbelief at her and at their luck, and amusement that she was humiliating herself so wantonly. Here was a typical, attractive, middle-class wife, who was clearly an amateur to this, yet who had thought out her words and their potential implications, giving herself completely to her husband and to guys she had never known before. They all pressed stop on their cameras, and one by one, began to applaud.

Once again, Michelle took stock of herself and her situation. She was still being objectified, and still loved it, but she was now taking an active part in it. She was the only one naked, fully on display in a hotel lobby, and in front of these strangers. She had not even seen their cocks to know if they would do her any good. And she was deriving a strange thrill, and if she was being honest, a pang of regret, from watching the shock on her husband's face as she bulldozed each expectation that had come from their marriage.

She was a mix of emotions. She, too, was shocked at her words and behavior. She had never said the word "pussy" or "fuck" before to anyone but Pete, and that was only on rare occasions when she was incredibly turned on in the bedroom. She felt vulnerable like never before in both body and spirit (in both a good and scary way). She had laid her sexual side out before others in a way that she had never done before. She was scared of what her husband would think of her, but this vulnerability, both her nudity and spilling her fantasies, felt necessary, almost like a person getting a drink of water and realizing just how thirsty they were.

She was also appalled at the part of her psyche that was taking over (at least for the next couple of days). What kind of irreparable damage might this all do? Shouldn't the mother, wife, religious part of her step in and put a stop to this? Where was her honor? But that appall was coupled with a feeling that she was incredibly proud that she was taking this path that she had never imagined going down before. She knew that they knew, and that Pete knew, there was more to the story than spontaneously giving herself to other people. But she was not ready to talk about that. She didn't want to analyze it right now.

Instead, here she was, naked and ready for what the guys were going to do to her next.


