16. – Pieces

My bootheels echoed against the tile, keeping me company as they tapped out a proper cadence. I had no idea where I was heading, only vague concern for where I had been.

In my pocket, the small brass key weighed heavy as a curse.

I had compared it to the keys on the lanyard twice now. It is similar in size and shape to any number of desk keys or filing cabinet keys, but it is older, dull with tarnish. It is not a spare key to anything connected with that lanyard. Why should it be? It had come into the keeping of Prague, and I had not the slightest clue how – or when. Naturally I presumed it to have once belonged to Erich Sonndheim, but if I had not found that strand of keys would I still have come to that conclusion?

If I only dared touch it with bare skin…

Turning right, I entered the medical department. They had older style filing cabinets and such; perhaps the key had once lived here.

A thorough survey of locks and keys confirmed without a doubt that this was not the case. Everything here was aluminum or steel – no brass.

As I left that lead behind me, I began to consider locks outside the confines of Rosenkreuz proper. Perhaps the key unlocked a bank box or a locker somewhere.

I stopped dead in my tracks. A locker, somewhere? Sonndheim had known about Rudi; had he known where? I swallowed, forced myself to walk as though I had no worries. Myriad possibilities taunted me now: a car’s glove box, a private mail drop, a suitcase, a desk…

Upon returning to my apartment, I tried the key in my own desk, breathed a sigh of relief when it didn’t work.

This was crazy.

Vandemeer had set me on a fool’s errand to distract me from his dealings, it was that simple. By now he surely has decommissioned the farseeing project, perhaps going so far as to send the participants to other facilities. He could even be planning my execution for the moment I began asking questions.

Crazy.

I reached for my phone, intending to call my truest confidant – then remembered that Shelton Grant had not been at this facility in years.

Vandemeer’s words echoed in my brain. Everything here was part of the research. Everything, Herr General. Even the staff.

Even me.

I should be used to this by now, I’d had three days to come to terms with it, and yet I felt as though I were running slowly in circles. I could not reconcile the hours of my life with the date on my calendar.

It was as though the past week had not happened.

Was I in shock? Was that it?

Or…did I instinctively know that I was going about this the wrong way?

Biting back a snarl at adversaries no longer present, I tugged off my gloves and pulled the key from my pocket.

Minemyownmysecretsworthmorethangold – I gasped, dropping the key on my desk. This had been Sonndheim’s key, then. But why was it at Prague

Flexing my hand as if to work out a cramp, I cautiously picked the key up once more. What are you? I asked it. What do you unlock, my tiny conundrum?

A dossier. A file. Classified, locked by Esset Intelligence. The cabinet, an ugly green metal affair, heavy, with chipped paint along the right-hand side…and Erich Sonndheim, locking that cabinet for the last time, intending it to be the last, and sending the key via secure courier to Prague.

Per his orders.

The images faded, eroded by time passed, until the key became merely a deliberately cut piece of metal.

I didn’t consciously plan to do so, but I found myself in the bathroom, collecting the uniform I had worn to Sonndheim’s apartment and changing into it. I slipped my pager and the lanyard of keys into my pockets, added a spare clip for my pistol, then tucked the brass key in a breast pocket to keep it from getting misplaced. My gaze fell upon the mocking letter I had retrieved from Sonndheim’s mirror; it joined the brass key.

Electric torch in hand, I left my apartment in search of answers.

I had intended to search through Erich’s apartment once more, but instead found myself entering the burned-out wreckage of the old research wing. Though the medical clinic had held no matching lock, perhaps here I would find some clue to the key’s purpose. The thought of locked files brought up images of experimentation and punishment, things that made my hackles stir to life as though hearing the whispers of ghosts.

This building had been the first physical casualty of the Purge, the student uprising in those mad days back in April. While I had been locked away in meetings with the remainder of the staff, the students brave enough and skilled enough had done quite a lot of damage. They had targeted the medical centers, which came as no real surprise. Even the least sane knew whose hand held the instruments of torture; the fires had raged unchecked for two days.

There had been no move made to rebuild this wing, either. Perhaps it was a show of good faith, to keep the remaining students from slaughtering what was left of the faculty. Perhaps it was simple lack of interest.

Perhaps Rosenkreuz had already been decommissioned.

I picked my way through the rubble, drawing occasional curious glances but no challenge. Briefly I wondered what sort of toxins I might be walking through; then I reminded myself we had all been breathing the smoke, so it probably didn’t matter so much now.

Twisted metal cell doors lay where they had fallen, reshaped by the heat when the labs had exploded. And there, scorched and likely gutted by fire, two tall filing cabinets lay propped against each other. My heart sank. If the key did indeed fit either of those, the chance of finding anything useful within seemed nonexistent.

Bracing my feet against the rubble, I leaned over and tried the key in first one, then the other. The answer was the same for both.

It fit.

It did not, however, turn.

A/N – Pieces

Oftentimes it is the case that the wrong key will still slide smoothly home in a kindred lock, though lacking the power to affect it. Until the matching lock is found, the key is impotent. A metaphor? Perhaps…