Nude Days
by Suziesue

I've been told the term 'Nude Day' is a thing in America. My husband and others have been pushing me to try it

I was furloughed in April and May 2020, but did some work at home from June onwards, since then I have had ‘zoom’ meetings with others from my office which has included my Boss and we’ve had one on one meetings, often after the other have signed off. I know we have all had those instances where people are still in the pyjamas when talking to their office, After our first zoom meeting Tim asked me to dress for our one on ones in my ‘special outfits’ as he calls them which is basically high heels, short skirt and semi translucent blouse, which is pretty much what I’d wear into the office one day a week as a treat for him, but with a jacket to cover my blouse. He would have me leave that jacket on my chair or hung up when I had to go into his office. I agreed but only on the one to one calls, not our general calls. On our zoom calls he likes to check me out, make sure I’m as compliant (no underwear) as I would be in the office.

Since the summer of 2019 I had increasingly gone into work with underwear –virtually every day, a state factored by my husband and my Boss. But my husband David likes to add dares to carry out, so I’ve also worn other things on special days:- sometimes it’s a suspender belt to hold my stockings; Nipple clamps; butt plug; labia clamps; bondage bra. If I wore a particularly short mini skirt I was allowed open crotch tights and so on.

One day on zoom call in July I was in one of my translucent tops Tim asked me to allow one other male to enter our meeting, I sorta agreed as it was happening, (I have to click to allow the connection and it was almost an auto response) thinking it would probably be Terry, but it wasn’t, it was another guy from one of our other offices, I tried to act as if everything was normal, but I actually felt quite good about it and deliberately prolonged the call. I was thinking how much I was exposed or not, maybe he didn’t have a good connection or resolution on his laptop, and anyway my top was not truly see thru, just a bit translucent.

After everyone signed off I went to make myself a coffee forgetting about how I was dressed, more thinking about the work to be done. As I stood in the kitchen drinking my coffee and wondering how I’d do Tim’s assignment for him, both my sons and another friend came in, I only remembered how I was dressed by their reactions reflected in their eyes. Maybe it was the high heeled black stilettos, short skirt and sheer top, an outfit that was rather out of place in a home kitchen.

Still wearing the same outfit I ‘face-timed’ David at his office over lunch, he assured me that whilst you could easily tell I was braless, you couldn’t ‘see anything’. As he said that I took off my blouse for him, not realising he was in a staff restroom and a colleague of his walked past and must of seen me, because he did a double take. I got a huge smile, David a pat on the back and a ‘nice’, rather than being embarrassed I got quite a hit.

After that day I resolved when I was going to be making a zoom call - which were always in the mornings and once a week at that time–I’d be in my ‘special outfit’. I would get ready in the morning like it and spend till lunchtime dressed that way, I would go about the house like that, whoever was around. When Tim found out he was intrigued, so he asked me to move my laptop to the kitchen (I was usually in the small study we have) then he was able to see my sons and occasionally friends of theirs popping in and out. It tickled him that my attire was so revealing and he constantly implored me to go for the see-thru blouses. I knew at the time that eventually I’d go with that under pressure from him or David.

I should explain that the study room in this house is a small room on the ground floor next to the front door, hallway and kitchen, with the only door out onto the hallway. With a desk, chair and a filing cabinet and bookshelf it’s basically full.

Tim had initially purchased two very sheer, very see thru blouses for me (or him) over the last 2 years, and this had increased by a further two. At the office, (before lockdown) once a month for the afternoon I agreed to swap out my blouse and wear one of those very see thru blouses, provided I wore a jacket, we compromised that my jacket would stay undone. I kept the blouses at home taking one in for that day, but then of course one day I forgot. He had me go naked under my jacket that afternoon and actually it was quite good, it was not unlike the first time I went in without underwear, I got quite aroused, because unlike the absence of underwear, my jacket showed I was ‘maybe’; or ‘possibly’, or ‘probably’ naked under it.

Tim was asking me to wear one of these really see thru blouses for our zoom calls (without jacket) but I was reluctant, I was fairly cool to the fact that maybe by now about 4 or 5 other people over the course of the last four zoom meetings had seen me in a translucent top, but these see thru blouses are as sheer as stockings, plus I wasn’t going to walk about my house for half the day in one of them. David just said ‘why not?’

So one day when everyone else had signed off Tim got me to move back to the study and on his asking I took off my blouse and then my skirt, which because it was the height of summer left me in just my high heels. It felt very strange to be at home like that, everyone was out because my ‘special outfit’ was probably not so special to the boys anymore and that day’s zoom went on much later. I could look out over the front garden through the large bay window, but I was also feeling a bit exposed not sure if anyone walking past from the road would see me sitting there topless, but maybe the glass shine would save me. Tim had me stay on line with him for maybe 30 minutes, after he signed off, I went to the kitchen and made coffee, I felt rather good in my own home just in my high heels, I walked from room to room, just for the hang of it. I had no idea when my boys would come back and if they would have friends with them as well, but that felt exciting, because I may be caught out if I was in the wrong room when they arrived.

(Two Weeks later).

Tim had phoned the day before and asked me to wear one of the sheer tops, but with an undone jacket, I couldn’t really think of why not, I had dressed like that maybe a dozen times in the actual office, maybe he caught me at the right time because chancing his luck he dared me to forgo the blouse, like I had once in his office and be naked under the jacket. David bought me this particular deep velvet jacket (after he saw Gwyneth Paltrow wearing one in a similar way during an interview) it is cut not only to show to show deep cleavage and has only one button on it, almost at my navel, so wearing a bra with it is out and David insisted I wear it just as she had, that is obviously naked underneath. I’d never worn it to the office, (which was what David wanted and Tim would also if he knew). I’d worn it only a couple of times, both to restaurants with friends on what David calls his “Hotwife dares”.

The call next day was for 9am and I set up in the kitchen like I’d done for the previous 20 or so zoom calls, as soon as Tim dialled in and saw me he said I looked great. Four other people dialled in that morning and I sat there not realising that with a high backed chair and a jacket that was stiff boned, it has risen up and the already gapping cleavage had parted further. When I moved to reach for a file and I heard an intake of breath from one of the guys, later when the other had signed off, Tim said I had flashed a nipple for maybe 3 seconds; it was exactly what he wanted and admitted he had come off when I did it, not because he saw it, but because the others had. I was a bit mad at him (obviously) and said ‘well next week, maybe I’ll be like this’ and shrugged off my jacket, throwing it across the room onto a soft chair. I stood up so he could see I wore nothing else. That had been David’s idea when he saw me getting ready that morning.

His response was ‘Oh my God, would you? I dare you!’ and so on for a minute or so. I was a bit annoyed with him that he would want to flaunt me like that, We signed off and I calmed down, and rationalise that he was no different to David in getting me to flash others, but I also realised I was more than a little turned on.

It was now well past 10am and I was making coffee mulling over what had happened, I hadn’t forgotten my two boys were still lazing upstairs, but knew I was fairly safe.

Last summer (2019) Tim had previously dared me to be nude at work and I think I had done that maybe 3 times once everyone in our office had left, by the spring of 2020 he was pushing for me to go longer and as I said above I had gone naked at home for about 90 minutes a few weeks earlier, I had agreed that I’d do a whole afternoon in just heels if it was just Tim and me in the office. I told him I would trust him not to set me up, but I kinda knew he would.

Nude Day

After I told David about the last time walking around the house in nothing but heels and my nakedness at work, he again suggested I do ‘a nude day at home’. I know exactly where he got that idea from, my sister, Yes she’d often recounted times where she has spent a whole day basically naked (see below). Paul used to *********** a day each month at random for her to do this when they were first together and until her eldest son was 5 or 6, after which it became more difficult, but more recently they had started to play again. When they first played it and it was drawn on a workday, she was able to wear just a pair of heels and a dress with tights in winter. She works as a dental nurse and so she had to lose the dress and put on the white coveralls supplied, she felt sure that a lot of patients noticed. But she was like my friends Viv one of those girls who if they wore tights didn’t wear panties or underwear. At work he liked her to wear open crutch tights.

David is totally convinced both my boys have seen me fully naked before now on many occasions and pointed out that had we not been hit by Covid, I was willingly going to be naked in front of them and their friends on stage. I sorta knew that, warming to the idea, I’d asked David what the rules were for it. He said that when I got up I’d do my usual morning routine of wash, hair and makeup, but I would just slip on a pair of my high heels, with stockings and a suspender belt (nude day attire) plus some jewellery like a neck choker to add to things; and stay like that during the whole day till bedtime. He explained that if I was totally naked, I could have been caught just out of the shower or similar reason, with stockings and suspenders on and with sexy high heels it was obvious I was ‘dressed’ like that. I could tell it was something he really wanted to see me try out. The idea excited me, but I was chicken. I have in the past gone out with him like that wearing a light coat, to the cinema and to the pub; this summer I’ve been out like that when doing Ben’s shopping.

Then David had suggested that I try it in parts. We were now in the midst of the school holidays, and in the previous week on two mornings I had got up exactly as he outlined come downstairs made breakfast for us both, confident that the boys wouldn’t stir out of their bedrooms before 10am, I’d see David off to work at 8:15 staying as I was till 9am the first day then 9:30 the next. Both mornings he had kissed me and left me standing in the open doorway as got into his car and drove off; after that I moved around the house just as I would have done had I been fully dressed, opening all the curtains and so on. The second time I even hung my washing up in the garden, which was my own idea

Later that week David dared me to go to the garden about 2pm strip off completely and sun bath for an hour, irrespective of who was around or not. I did it, I agreed only because I was fairly certain I would be on my own. On his instructions I actually undressed in my bedroom and went downstairs - that way there was no way to cheat, by grabbing my clothes!

I knew, as did David, that once the boys were back at school, ’nude day’ was more doable between 8:30 and 3pm and the likelihood of be seen or caught out was very, very small; a postman or deliveryman, possibly a neighbour. But during the holidays there were friends of our boys coming over all the time, at any time. That morning, I had done my 3rd nude day morning breakfast before putting on my jacket, for the call just as David had dared me to do and then to do ‘nude day attire’ from 11am and again at 2 pm for an hour each time irrespective who was around and our upper rooms were out of bounds.

So that day deliberately leaving my jacket in the kitchen and taking my coffee I went into the study room and worked there till midday. My heart rate rose when I heard my boys come downstairs to have their breakfast, but neither came to find me.

I wasn’t caught, but that’s part of the excitement. I was lucky because the following day an elderly neighbour came over with some excess vegetables he’d grown; two friends of my younger son turned up, but I’d literally just sent him on a 10 minutes errand, he wasn’t back at that moment so I let them in and the postman had a ‘signed for’. I had to go to the door in all cases. I did wonder how I would have coped if they’d all come over the previous morning.



My sister told me, what she does sometimes is wear just one of Paul’s formal shirts with just a pair of high heels, roll the sleeves up and only do a couple of buttons up, or maybe three to start with. She said she’d done this a lot around the house, with Paul often dictating the number of buttons to be done up and which ones. She admitted she started the ‘delivery dares’ with a shirt on and 2 buttons done up and then just the one, finally no buttons or finally no shirt! She admitted she was now doing a ‘shirt’ day once a month, the day and the buttons decided by chance, even having to go to Tesco’s like that.
