Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 9)

I was standing in the guest bathroom when my wake-up call came in the form of a doorbell ringing. Ignoring it, I kept working myself over. The locker room scene fresh in my mind drove me onward toward my goal of a rare third climax in one day. A few seconds later, when the bell chimed a second time, Lucy called out for me to answer it.

Angrily, I yelled back, "Can't you see I'm busy? Stop being so lazy and answer it yourself."

Her meek response pierced my single-minded ambition and made me realize she was standing directly outside the bathroom door. I froze, hoping she hadn't overheard my overzealous masturbation efforts.

"I can't, Mikey," she whined, "because...you know. I'm going to my room. Just...tell me when they're gone, ok?" Without waiting for an answer, she retreated up the stairs.

Disoriented, I still couldn't process why I had to answer the door instead of her. Then it hit me. She was naked! How had I forgotten that critical fact? She ran upstairs because it was the safest place to ensure her unclothed condition remained a secret to whomever was at the door.

Recognizing that I had gone too far and let my priorities be driven by selfish pursuits, I got dressed and splashed some water on my face. I got to the front door just as the bell was ringing for a third time.

It was just one of those door-to-door salesmen. There used to be a lot more of them back then. When I told him we didn't have any money and that our mom was at work, he left a brochure then vanished. I was just relieved it wasn't another bill collector. They are much more aggressive and don't give up so easily.

I called out that the coast was clear, and she went straight back into the living room. Needing to clear my head and calm my nerves, I went on a bike ride. On my ride, I concluded it would be best if I avoided the living room for a while.

But the temptation proved too great. As soon as I got home, I found myself drawn to the television in the hopes of catching Nikki or one of her teammates in a revealing outfit…or less. Can you blame me? What horny teenager would have been able to resist in my position?

Sadly, the cheer squad had finished getting ready in their locker room and were assembled in straight rows on an empty football field. I enjoyed watching their cute cheers for a while but found it less enjoyable now that they were fully dressed. So, I let my attention drift back to my study book. That is, until Lucy saw me studying and made an unexpected offer.

"Hey Mikey," she suggested perkily, "want me to do some cheers for you? Maybe it will help you study!"

On the helpfulness scale, it didn't compare with actually quizzing me over the details of the material. But how could I refuse an offer of a private, all-nude performance from an eager, soon-to-be cheerleader?

I sat on the couch while she paused her video and got into parade rest. She had learned the proper way to hold her pom-poms by that point and held them behind her back out of sight like a present about to be revealed. But the real gift, her naked body, was already showing.

She bit her lip adorably and squinted her eyes. I could tell she was concentrating hard to make sure she had every move and lyric just right in her head before beginning. I'm not sure how the reminder to be-be aggressive applied to taking a written driver's license test, but I appreciated her enthusiasm greatly. She did a couple of the simpler cheers she had learned and flashed the biggest smile ever when I applauded at the end.

Then she returned to her video, and I, my book. To help me ignore her as best I could, I turned my body to one side on the couch, so she was only in my periphery. But I was blindsided by the unbelievably distracting new discovery that was about to occur. She was following along precisely with the squad on the field when it happened. In the middle of one of the cheers, the girls performed what, on the surface, was not a particularly unusual maneuver. It was kind of like a shoulder shake.

Their arms were down and pulled in tight. But their elbows were bent to hold their pom-poms away from their bodies. The position drew their shoulders back and thrust their chests forward impressively. Then they would dip their shoulders one at a time and give them a little shimmy; like they were shivering.

Like I said, while a cute addition to any routine, the move did not stand out from any of the other ones they had been performing. But something out of the corner of my eye drew my attention when Lucy attempted it. You see, the girls performing on the tv differed from Lucy in one major respect. They were wearing their cute little cheer uniforms. Therefore, the shoulder shimmy merely caused the bright logo on their chests to gleam in the sunlight.

But Lucy wasn't wearing a uniform. That's what caught my attention. I found myself staring and unable to look away as my bare-breasted sister attempted her first shoulder shake.

I had keenly witnessed every stage of her chest's development to that point. From flat as a board with rosebuds, to tiny cones, to little rounded orbs. I was there when she got her first training bra and when her little mounds had eventually grown too big for them. When she started wearing real bras, I learned right along with her how to operate the tricky clasps and free her swelling handfuls from their warm cradle.

I knew she felt embarrassment whenever, in the course of a dare, she was forced to expose her sprouts to anyone. It was so cute how she tried to remain stoic and brave in those moments, like it didn't bother her. But her cute little nipples pulling tight into stiff points always betrayed her true feelings.

I thought I knew that part of her anatomy intimately, but I was not prepared for something this new and different. Sure, her bare boobies frequently jiggled whenever she made a sudden motion. But for the first time ever, when she shook her shoulders, it was like her breasts moved independently from the rest of her body. They had finally grown large enough to be affected by their own mass.

I wasn't the only one who noticed it. Lucy herself looked down in surprise at the new motion her breasts had made. Abandoning her routine, she made another experimental shimmy. A smile grew on her face as she reveled in the exciting new sensation.

"Hey Mikey!" she exclaimed, turning to face me, "watch this!"

My eyes went wide as she proudly shared her body's new ability with me. She shook her healthy breasts back and forth for me in a dazzling exhibition. It was the perfectly innocent act of a young lady learning about her growing body, and not necessarily meant to be sexually charged. But Mikey Jr. couldn't tell the difference.

Panting and out of breath, she finally came to a halt and wiped her brow.

"Whew, that sure is a workout!" she said, then added a simple request, "Hey, Mikey. Can you get me some water?"

Before I knew what was happening, I jumped off the couch and practically ran to the kitchen. I poured some cold water into a glass with a couple of ice cubes and rushed back to deliver her much needed refreshment.

I tried not to stare at her spectacular, and talented, breasts, while she quenched her thirst. But I couldn't help myself. When she had emptied the glass, she just held it out with a perky, expectant smile. I took it, refilled it, and brought it back to the living room, sitting it on a coaster within her reach. Then I sat down to see what her marvelous body would do next.

She had paused the video in order to focus on her chest. When she experimentally squeezed her upper arms together on each side, her boobs were both pushed forward and brought together. My mouth dropped open as a small cleavage line formed down the middle of her bulging mounds. She smiled again.

Turning toward me again, she said, "I'm hungry. Can you make me a sandwich?"

Her held pose prominently displayed her bubblegum pink nipples which had, in recent weeks, begun to grow darker and larger with more dimension. They pointed directly at me, like two unblinking eyes. I fell hypnotized under their alluring gaze.

Spellbound, I walked into the kitchen and began to prepare her lunch. I made her a sandwich of cold cuts and some fresh vegetables from our garden and brought it out to her. But I was still oblivious to the power dynamic beginning to shift right under my nose. Something irritated the back of my brain, trying to warn me, but I couldn't pull it far enough into my consciousness to recognize it.


