Helpful insurance agent conducts some tests on my wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife is very sweet and innocent. She is also very traditional in her thinking and because she is an illiterate, it is a real headache for me to as I have to do all the paperwork for each and every thing. I had been thinking of buying a medical insurance cover for her and the day the insurance company appointed for a consultant to visit, I had an important meeting at work so I had to leave her to handle the agent by herself. Before leaving, I told her to check everything and make the agent read the whole policy before she put her thumbprint on the document. Then, I left for my meeting.

The meeting ended abruptly as my partner's mother passed away and I returned home much earlier than expected. Just when turning in, I saw a car driving away. Must be the insurance agent I thought but then I saw my wife was sitting in too. Worried about where she was going and with whom, I decided to call her mobile phone only to realize that I had forgotten my mobile in the meeting room. I decided to just follow the car. The agent was driving fast and because of the traffic I just couldn't catch up with them. After parking I saw them going in the elevator but it was too late. Anyway, I noticed that the lift stopped at the top floor so that's where they must have gone I thought and pressed the button for the top floor. The lift opened to a shabby looking place. Not at all like an office. I was just in time to catch the door before it shut on me. Lucky I stopped the door from closing as I realized that there was no one inside and the door had an automatic lock on it.

I looked around and it seemed like the office (or the house) was not in use. There was no company logo or nothing to indicate that it was an insurance company's office. To the left was a corridor but no lights were switched on. I could hear faint voices so I moved towards the sound. The voices were coming from the second room which was closed. 

I heard the man say, "Like I explained to you, these are our standard procedures for any health insurance. Only if we find that you are fit, we will offer you a cover otherwise, I will have to change the policy completely." I could have barged in but just wanted to make sure this man was not trying to dupe us of any money, so I stayed put and listened.

My wife replied, "Okay Sir, but I told you already I can't read. So first your must read everything to me aloud. And I will do whatever is written in the papers. You know my husband in very strict and he will be very angry if I don't do what the insurance company procedures require."

I heard a faint clearing of throat. Then I heard the agent's voice. "I understand. That is why I brought you to my office. So that I can complete everything at one shot." 

Then he started reading aloud. The first few regulations were quite standard. He cleared his throat again and said, "No. 5, the person applying for the insurance cover must take a urine test. And he or she must do this the presence of the insurance agent to make sure that it is indeed his or her own urine." My eyes widened with alarm but I was also amused. I decided to hear what else funny clauses this bully was going to tell my sweet innocent and stupid wife.

I realized there was a ventilator above the door, but it was too high for me to reach. Frustrated, I looked around and saw an open door at the end of corridor. This was like a store full of rubbish - empty cartons, gunny sacks, old newspaper, tools, and the likes. There were also some broken chairs and furniture. I could smell mould and dust. I picked up a wooden stool and returned to the corridor.

I stood up and saw the office was a sham. There was a table with two chairs adjacent to each other. He was sitting next to my wife and peering over some legal looking documents. My wife was sitting like a child eager to please her teacher. To one side, there was a single bed, with a lamp on a bedside table. There was a shelf with some books and a flower vase with a single plastic flower. To the left there was door less toilet with a sink. It looked more like a bachelor pad then an agent's office.

Then I heard him say, "Excuse me I think I am wasting your time like this. Perhaps I read and complete the procedure at the same time so that I don't have to repeat it again. Are you okay with this m'aam?" She was.

He read: "name" and she said, "Ruchi."

He read: "height" and asked her to stand straight. Fumbling around in his desk drawer, he pulled out a ruler and started measuring her height. With a ruler? I was laughing my head off at the man's stupidity. The ruler touched my wife's breasts but the man's hands didn't. Luckily. 

He read: "age". And my wife replied, "I am 37 sir." He read: "weight". My wife said: "50kg." He said, "Oh no I forgot that the weighing machine is not working. But don't worry I have a very good idea of weights so if you could turn around I will measure the weight by lifting you." My wife looked at him strangely and asked, "Is this written in there." The man rolled his eyes slightly and his thick black lips curled up in an "I-can't-believe-this" kind of a smile. He read: "weight. The agent must ascertain that the would be policy-holder has informed the correct weight. If any machines are unavailable, he must do this by carrying the person."

My wife nodded and turned around. He moved to her side and picked her up in his big long black hairy arms. His big biceps rippled under his tight, short-sleeved shirt. Veins on his thick black neck bulged obscenely. He moved her up and down a few times as if measuring her weight bringing her face almost inches away from his mustached face. I laughed again at how stupid this insurance company's clauses were.

He read: "Urine test. The person applying for the insurance cover must take a urine test. And he or she must do this the presence of the insurance agent to make sure that it is indeed his or her own urine." My wife's face flinched. "Must I do it in front of you?" He replied, "That's what is written here, if you don't want to it is okay but then your chances of getting the cover will be much less as there won't be any proof."

My wife shrugged her shoulders and looked around. He fumbled again looking inside the drawer. "Oh jeez, these colleagues of mine! Where are all the piss-bottles gone?" The he turned to the shelf and picked what looked like a glass of water. He threw the water in the sink and gave the glass to my wife, "here, please use this instead; I will transfer it to the plastic bottle later." My wife turned her back to him, and pulled her panties from under the skirt. At one point the big black insurance agent could see half of her backside. He licked his lips. My wife picked up the glass and placing it between her legs started to pee. He retorted: "you are not following the rules m'aam. You must do it my open view. For all I know you could be hiding a plastic bag inside with someone else's piss."

Looking resigned; my wife turned around and started peeing in front on him. He sat down on his knees and turned his face close to her hairy pussy as if inspecting the source of the piss. The he reached out and held the glass while she peed. The glass filled, he put it on the shelf and took out his handkerchief, "here you can wipe yourself." My wife wiped the last few drops of piss from her pussy with his handkerchief and returned it to him. He immediately sniffed the handkerchief and wiped his mouth with it. I thought, so stupid this man, wiping his mouth with a handkerchief with my wife's piss on it.

My wife was putting her panties on again, when he suggested, "There are a few more tests for that area so leave it off."

He read: "teeth". My wife opened her mouth and he counted all her teeth one by one. He was not even worried about catching any germs because his big black finger was actually touching her teeth and insides of her mouth.

He read: "chest". She said, "42". He said, "no way. Your breasts are not 42...they are definitely bigger," and with that he picked the ruler again. And slowly measured her ample boobs inch by inch. He was having some difficulty as my stupid wife's hard nipples were coming in the way. So he pressed the nipple with his index finger and measured across it. "44," he said triumphantly and I felt irritated that my wife didn't even know her own chest size.

He read: "waist". She said, "40." He said, "no way." And started measuring again. He took his time at the back and even pulled up her heavy buttocks one by one to get accurate measurements.

He read: "scars or body identification marks." I knew he had it there. She hated this big mole near her pussy lips and now she will have no choice but to show it to him. Surely, she tried to avoid the question. But he insisted and she had pulled up her skirt entirely to show him the mole, "mole," she said disgustedly. He bent again and touched the mole lightly, the back of his big hand brushing her hairy cunt mound. He made sure it was real mole by pinching it between his index finger and thumb. Then he spit on his finger and rubbed his spit on the mole, "just checking to see if it is painted."

He read: "any previous surgeries or operations?" She flinched again. I knew she should tell about the stitches on the lower side of her pussy when it tore during childbirth. But that was a few years ago and I wondering if she would remember. Luckily she remembered and told him. His eyes widened in disgust I think because this would mean checking her ugly hairy pussy. She thinks her pussy is ugly because her pussy lips are quite large and very dark. But he was just doing his job, so he put his hand under her buttocks and pulled her up so that the pussy was clearly visible. Now my wife was sitting on the edge of the chair with her legs open wife and her hairy ugly pussy on open display to the agent. "Where? I can't see," he said, and pulled her up a little more and moved very close. I could see her pussy hair touching his head but he was so engrossed in work that he didn't notice at all. He blew his hot breath on her pussy for clear vision and then finally saw the tiny scar. As if in trance, he moved his finger along the scar, because it was still wet from his spit earlier, accidentally the finger slipped inside her pussy. She sighed. He sighed as well. Then he lost his balance and fell forward, his mouth clamped on her pussy lips. Because of the impact, his finger went inside till his knuckles. It all looked so funny to me. The word that came to my head was "butterfingers". I laughed again.

He stayed put for a while and because some of her pussy hair must have gone inside his wide nose, he licked his mouth and accidentally ended up licking my wife's ugly hairy cunt. Then he sneezed and he ended up licking some more of her pussy. Jeez, I would never lick a dirty pussy like hers I thought.

Finally after what seemed like ages, he got up.

He read: "No. 11. Client must prove that he or she can produce normal body juice...er...fluids required for reproduction. He, in your case she, must demonstrate good physical condition by some physical interactions with the agent."

She said looking bewildered, "what does that mean?"

"It just means that the insurance company must conduct al checks to determine that you are indeed healthy person. There have been some cases of women, claiming insurance for not being able to reproduce."

"I have a child already," she said pleadingly. 

"I am sorry m'aam. These are the rules written not by me but by the company."

"But how can I show you that I can reproduce a child just like that? It takes nine months to make a baby, you know."

"Yes, we are familiar with the process m'aam. And that is why we have a sub-clause. Let me read it to you: In the event client is unable to prove that she holds good reproduction ability, she can provide evidence that she is capable of making a male copulate with her as that will also result in a child being born."

"Oh no, must I do that."
"There is no compulsion but if you don't you might not be eligible for a policy," he said bluntly.

"Then I have to call my husband here," she said and added, "but he is very busy in an important meeting." Oh how I wished that I should barge in and fuck her because watching his finger slipping in her pussy accidentally had made my five inch cock hard. But she already said that I was busy in an important meeting so it would not be nice to make her look like a liar so I stood and watched some more.

"Don't worry m'aam. All of us agents are fully trained in conducting this kind of test and although I hate doing this job, I will help you by being cooperative."

"Thank you," she said.

"Since I am not interested in this kind of thing, you will have to help me," he said.

"So what should I do?"

It was then that the big black agent who was 6 feet tall with massive shoulders down in the chair. His wide nostrils were flaring and he was breathing hard, probably from the disgust of having to go through such tedious procedures. And with a complete stranger at that. He was also not very young. About 60 was my guess but he could be older guessing from his absolutely white hair. His looks were sickening even though he was so bulky with big muscles.

"Okay, since you like it like that, I will read step by step. If you need any clarification, you can stop me whenever you want. Okay?" he said. My wife nodded in resignation.

"Sit down on your knees. Yeah, a little closer please. Rub the agent's thighs to prepare him for the procedure. Open the zipper of the agent's trousers. Put your hand in the fly and take the male equipment out. Rub it if it's soft. Take a long hard sniff at the tip of the agent's male equipment. Slowly rub it up and down. Lick the tip of the male equipment. Peel the thick long foreskin back and lick the crown of the black equipment. Put the head of the black equipment inside your mouth and roll your tongue around it to make it wet and slimy."

He stopped as my wife raised her hand. His 10-inch long and 5-inch thick fore skinned cock was still inside her mouth and she seemed to having some difficulties swallowing it. I would too if I was down on my knees in front of such a monster cock.

"Yes?" he asked.

She pulled off his cock and pointing at the big purple mushroom-shaped head of his cock showed him some cheese like spattering on his cock. "What's this, sir?" I felt blood rise to my cheeks. So stupid she was. It was cock-cheese what else? How could she not know? But maybe because I keep my cock clean. I don't know why but I started feeling hungry...I felt like having some cheese in my mouth too.

"That's smegma, my dear and the documents say that you must eat it all."

My wife made a face but started gobbling the white sticky cock-cheese. I was really feeling sad for the agent. Poor thing. To suffer such humiliation of getting someone else to clean his cock-cheese. I would never be caught in such a situation.

"Now suck the agent's cock up and down, making it really wet with your saliva. Take it deep in your mouth till the root of the cock. Don't gag. Don't damage the agent's cock with your teeth. Suck harder. Suck slowly. With you free hand, caress the agent's big black hairy balls. Now take his cock out of your mouth and slurp on those sweaty, smelly balls. Yeah, lick them up. Wet them with your saliva. Let the saliva drip down everywhere. Lick the agent's smelly sweat. Now lift the big black balls and lick the sweat from underneath. Yeah, fuck that was awesome."

I felt glad for the old black agent that finally at least he was enjoying his otherwise drab work. But I was getting a bit worried about the big wet spot in front of my trousers.

The old black agent then gestured her to stop. When she looked at him with her big black eyes, he said, "nothing, the procedure now requires me to lie down for your comfort." And he stood up, as he stood up, his loose trousers came undone and fell in a heap at his ankles. He kicked his shoes off and then the trousers on the dirty and dusty floor. 

"Pull the agent's underwear down. Give a quick suck to his old black cock and lick the leaking precum. Help him lie down on the bed. Climb on the bed. Straddle the black agent's pussy-breaking monster black cock. No, it doesn't say to take off your clothes, so you can continue wearing your clothes. Just pull the skirt up, yeah just like that sweet lady. Come, here let me help you put my black cock in your pink cunt. Yeah, thanks for holding your pussy lips apart. Great, now hold my cock with one hand and rub it up and down your pussy...yeah, oh fuck, that's awesome. Yeah, baby, peel that foreskin back and put it in...yeah, fuck, oh man...yeah slowly slide down the pole like those dancing bar sluts riding the steel poles...yeah, that's fucking hot. Your cunt is super tight woman. Seems like you have never been fucked before...yeah, milk my big black cock with your pink pussy...yeah, clamp those cunt muscles on my mature cock. Fucking slut. You love it right? Yeah, I can see you love my big black uncut cock. Come on ride my cock like a rodeo slut. Fuck. Move up and down you fucking cunt. Make me cum, you fucking cheap two-dollar whore. Let me make a black baby inside your womb. Oh you slut, fuck my cock, take it in...yeah, ride it, milk it, fuck it..."

I was a little disappointed when the old black agent started using such filthy words. But I guess it is in these intimate moments that the true identity of a person is revealed and perhaps his upbringing was not so good. Anyway, the truth be told he was only trying to help my stupid wife so it was okay. Just then, I heard someone fumbling at the front door. I really had to jump off the stool and bring it back in the store room to hide. I was panting but I managed to hide before the door opened. Two more insurance agents walked in. This company's policy must be really beneficial for old people because both of them were as old as the insurance agent helping my wife inside the room. And both were black. I mean jet black. They were not as muscular as the agent testing my wife's reproductive tracts but they were very skinny. I was surprised that the insurance agents were carrying long-handled mops and brooms and a bucket each as if they had just finished cleaning some place but I am sure agents also need to clean once in a while. And judging by their clothes, maybe they were not selling too many policies and not making enough commission to buy good clothes. They were also a bit smelly, perhaps they didn't have enough money to buy detergent either. 

Anyway, both of them walked to the agent's room. I was about to stall them and tell them that a testing was going on inside but they would have found out that I had illegally entered their premises and might report me to the police, so I stayed put. Without knocking on the door, they entered and almost in unison shouted, "Holy cow, by George, where the fuck did you get this whore?" With that they shut the door and went in. I was out within seconds and up the stool in a minute. But they were faster. In their bid to help their older colleague, who must have been tired after testing my wife's pussy canal for such a long time (my personal best is two minutes and thirty seconds) he must have been tired. Sure enough, one of them had already shoved his limp but thickening black uncut cock in my wife's mouth and the other one was behind her, testing her breast by guessing their size and probably checking for breast cancer lumps.

Pretty soon, the agent behind pushed my wife down on the first agent so that now her ugly hairy cunt was plainly visible I saw the first agent's black shiny cock lumbering in and out of my wife's cunt. Her cunt lips were pulled out with his cock each time he retreated. The second agent spat on his cock which was about eight inches long and four inches thick and slowly started pushing it inside my wife's cunt slowly. My wife squealed and stopped sucking the third agent's cock. Second agent eased in slowly timing with the first agent's horsecock. Within five minutes, my wife's ugly hairy cunt was jammed packed with two black cocks. I thought her pussy will tear but it didn't and took both the cocks in. The two agents waited for a minute or two and then as if my mutual unspoken agreement started fucking her together, one in, one out, one in one out, both in both out. I could hear sloshing sounds of pussy juice and the agent's precum. My wife's face was like on fire. It was red with all the testing going on...then I was alarmed when my wife's face contorted and her back arched backwards. And she howled like a bitch in heat. I thought she was dying of pain. But she didn't. In fact within a few more minutes she howled again. It was a scream which sounded both like pain and pleasure. I couldn't decide which because she had never behaved like this before. 
 
Just in time with her howls, first agent and second agent shot their sperms inside my wife's cunt. I knew, because I could see a river of thick white creamy liquid seeping out of her stretched cunt. Even the third agent had somehow managed to bust his black cock's load inside my stupid wife's mouth and a strand of thick ropey sperm was dangling from her mouth. The third agent roughly stuffed it back in her mouth with his deflated but still large black cock. She even licked her lips with delirious satisfaction. Then all of them got up. The first agent filled some more forms (he didn't bother dressing up as after being so intimate what was the need to cover up) and made my wife print her thumbprint. I was again disappointed when he didn't even have an inkpad and told my wife to use some of his seeping sperm as ink. "It's very yellow, thick and sticky," he said, "and it will show your thumb nicely." She smiled and complied with his request.

After she had dressed and was about to leave, the first agent addressed her again. And said, "Oh by the way, you need to fill this form in three copies. And it is clearly written here that for each copy I will have to do the test again. So I will see you here tomorrow at same time. Okay?"

My wife nodded and said, "Sure, as long as the written rules say so." And she left.

I was locked inside because the three men came out and started cleaning the room. Apparently the three blacks were janitors in the building which was also the office for the insurance company on another floor. The first agent was actually a janitor who was sent by the real agent to deliver the insurance forms to my house...I found out all that because they caught me sneaking out and eventually realized that I was The Husband. Of course, then I had to suck their cocks and clean their smells asses with my tongue. But that also meant that I could freely watch the subsequent "tests" conducted on my wife. And each time there were more participants. But that is another story altogether.

Any feedback is welcome.

bhuralund@gmail.com