I muttered a curse as my frozen fingers struggled to get my key into my car lock. The wind, sensing my distress, whipped my hair in front of my eyes, blinding me. Frustrated, I tried to yank the strands of hair from my face, and succeeded in dropping every single book cradled in my arms.
"Fuck!"
The obsenity flew from my mouth before I could stop it. Grumbling, I finished unlocking my car, threw my keys into the drivers seat, and bent down to pick up the books and papers that the wind was threatening to blow out of my reach. As I reached for _Molecular Biology and It's Influences in the Modern World_ , I saw a hand start picking up the fly-away papers.
I looked up, and he had a tiny little grin on his face, as if my situation was just the funniest thing he'd seen all day, but he didn't want me to know that. His brown eyes danced as they darted from page to page. I watched as he gathered them all into a neat stack, and then held them out for me to take.
"You know, they do have remote controlled locks, nowadays. Unlocked doors with the click of a button."
I rolled my eyes. I wasn't in the mood.
Begrudgingly, I thanked him for helping me out and took the papers from his hand. He just smiled at me.
"It's not a problem. Glad I could help."
I started placing the papers in my car, but he didn't leave. Instead, he waited for my hands to be free, then held out his,
"I'm Adam. I've seen you on campus before, but I haven't gotten a chance to introduce myself."
I took his hand and gave it a shake, "Emma." The wind whipped my hair up once again and I tucked a few of the dark brown strands behind my ear. His dark hair seemed wildly unaffected by the wind, each strand perfectly cropped and placed on his head. His face was angular, and pale, but it seemed to glow with a warmth and vitality that most students lacked nowadays. His eyes, I saw now, were more hazel than brown, with a light dusting of grey. He was wearing a dark pair of jeans with a white collared shirt and a grey v-neck sweater. At that point, I realized that his outfit put mine to shame. What was he, a professor?
I tilted my head and looked up at him, realizing that he made me feel extremely short. He must have been at least 6'2". Struggling to find words in the presence of what could only be described as a model, I managed to eek out,
"You've seen me around before? I don't remember you."
He shrugged and put his hands in his pockets. "I don't tend to draw much attention to myself. But I've noticed that you're in a few of my classes."
I raised a brow, "Oh? Are you a science major?"
Adam gave a little laugh and shook his head, "I just take what interests me. Right now, I suppose it's science. I like to know how things work."
For the first time, I felt a smile creep across my lips, "Me too."
Adam's grin never faltered, "We should study together some time. Give me your number."
I shivered as a blast of wind went straight through the light jacket I was wearing. Adam was already pulling out his cell phone. He punched a few buttons, then looked at me expectantly. Confident guy.
I pulled the jacket tighter and recited my number for him. He plugged it in, then put away his phone.
"Thanks Emma. I'll be in touch--I'll call or text or something."
I nodded at him.
"So...guess I'll see you around?" When I nodded again, he continued, "You should wear a heavier jacket."
I gazed after him, my mouth open as he walked off, unchilled, in his sweater.
 _Later_
I stepped out of the shower in my small apartment, still wondering how I could have been any more antisocial. I'd be surprised if he called me. Wiping the steam off the mirror, I looked at myself.
I wasn't bad looking, I suppose. My brown, shoulder length hair was one of my better features. It hung in soft curls around my face when it wasn't wet like it was now. I placed my hands on the sides of my breasts and pushed up, wishing that I was a bit larger in that area. But I had a fast metabolism, so my stomach didn't carry any extra weight. That was good. Turning to the side, I looked at my ass. Not quite as firm as I'd like, but it would do. I leaned in and took a look at the pores on my face. I hadn't had pimples in a few years, but it never hurts to check. My brown eyes stared back at me from the mirror.
Sighing, I crossed to my room and wrapped myself up in my robe. I caught a flash of light from the corner of my eye and turned to see my phone sitting on my bedside table. Text message. Probably Amber, wanting those...my thoughts paused as I saw an unknown number on the screen. I opened up the text and read:
 _Hey Emma, it's Adam. So, study session tonight at Espresso'd?_
Tonight? I glanced at the time; it was only 7:00.
 _Sure, sounds fine. What time?_ I texted back.
 _7:30._
I could do thirty minutes, if I hurried.
Slipping out of my robe, I rummaged in my drawers until I found a matching set of a black lace bra and panties. I rolled my eyes at myself as I put them on-- Adam wouldn't see them. I tugged on a pair of jeans and and tank top, then threw a hooded sweatshirt over that. Refusing to look in the mirror, I dabbed my eyelashes with mascara and pulled my hair back into a wet, messy bun. I'm sure I looked like a horror, but I slipped my shoes on, grabbed my books and ran out into the car.
Espresso'd is a tiny all night coffee shop, surviving off the meager allowances of college students like myself. It's got a great vibe, though, and I write all of my best papers sitting in one of the comfortable chairs in the dim-lit shop.
I got there five minutes late--I could already see Adam sitting at a table. I walked in and set my books down, then sat across from him.
"Hey Adam."
"Hi Em. I was starting to think that you might stand me up."
I couldn't resist a grin. "This is a study session, not a date."
Adam just smiled and shrugged, "To-may-to, to-mah-to. You want a drink?"
I glanced up at the coffee bar. "Yeah, I'll go get it in a sec."
Adam shook his head, "Tell me what you want. I'll get it for you. I invited you out here last minute anyways."
I wasn't going to take him up on the offer, but he looked so repentant...and I was broke anyways. "Okay then. I want peppermint tea with sugar."
He grinned, nodded, and sauntered up to the counter. I blushed when I realized that I was checking out his ass. I cleared my throat and opened up a book, getting out a highlighter.
He brought me back a drink in a paper cup with a lid. Still looking at my book, I absentmindedly took a sip.
"What is this?"
Adam started laughing. "Not peppermint tea. What are you, a grandmother?"
"I like peppermint tea, thank you very much. Now, I'll ask again. What is this?"
Adam sighed. "It's chai. I figured if you liked tea, you'd like that too. Plus, it has caffeine. I don't want you falling asleep on me."
Now, let the record show that I love chai. It's my go-to drink in the mornings. I prefer it over coffee. But Adam didn't know that.
"Why would you get me something I didn't ask for? How do you know I'm not allergic to chai?"
Adam just grinned. "You drink it every morning, Em."
I just stared at him, blinking slowly. "What did you just say?"
Adam shrugged. "I said that you drink it every morning."
I was dumbfounded. "Are you stalking me?"
Adam laughed. "No way. I'm just observant is all. Every morning, you come to class with a mug of a steaming drink. There's only one steaming drink that smells like chai tea."
I didn't know what to say. So I didn't say anything. I took a sip of the chai and silently read a couple sentences of the book.
"Did I piss you off?"
I continued reading.
"This isn't going to be much of a study session if you give me the silent treatment simply because I noticed what you drink in the mornings. Most girls would love that shit."
I met his eyes briefly. God, gorgeous eyes.
"I'm not most girls."
Adam sat quietly for a moment, as if he was stumped. Then, quietly, he spoke up, "Yeah, I noticed that too."
I glanced up at him. "Are we going to study, or what?"
He seemed distant, as if he wasn't aware that he was still sitting with me. Then he looked up at me, "Right, sorry Emma. Yeah, let's study."
Over the course of that night, I discovered that Adam was a genius. A freaking genius. He understood concepts that the professor couldn't even explain. I realized, as I studied with him, that if I kept this up, I may actually pass this class. With finals coming up next month, Adam seemed like a ray of sunshine in what had seemed a very grey and dismal world.
"So, are we finished for tonight?"
I blinked a few times to let my eyes focus.
"Umm, yeah I guess. But I still have a question
for you."
Adam leaned back in his chair and grinned at me.
"Sure, go for it."
"Why the hell do you want to study with me? You're the smartest person I've ever met."
Adam just laughed. "God, Emma. I don't want to study with you. This was a study session for you. It was a date for me." As I stood, staring at him, he rose and picked up my books, tucked them under one arm, then offered me his hand.
"You ready to go?"
I took his hand as he helped me out of my seat. This was a date for him? I should have realized that, he referenced it earlier. He wanted to go out on a date with me? I blushed, realizing that I should have spent a little more time on my appearance. I would have if I had realized what this was when I was getting ready. The hottest guy I had ever met wanted to take me out on a date.
He walked me out to my car, and when I fumbled with my keys, he gently took them from my hands and unlocked the door for me. Setting the books inside, on the passenger seat, he handed the keys back to me.
I should have been cold, but standing right next to him, I felt perfectly warm. I looked up at him as his face came closer to mine. God, was he going to kiss me? Fine by me I thought.
He came close, so close, to touching his lips to mine. I had my eyes closed, but I could feel his breath touching my skin. I wanted to reach up and pull him the rest of the way, but something stopped me.
"God, Emma. You smell good."
I blushed, "Yeah, I had just gotten out of the shower when I got your text."
Adam chuckled, then took a step back. "Have a good night, Em."
Puzzled, I stepped into my car and watched as he shut the door, then glanced at him from the rearview mirror as he stood, hands in pockets, and watched me drive away.