t was six in the morning. Jugnu awoke and saw that he had a partial hardon. It was much firmer than normal, and the young man attributed this immediately to the incest stories he read last night. Automatically, his hand reached down under the sheets to grip his lengthening cock. In his mind's eye, Jugnu replayed every last lurid detail of the incest stories over and over, squeezing and rubbing his hard, young cock until it was in a state of full, throbbing erection.

He had married last year and his wife Mala had become pregnant and had gone to her mother's house for delivery. He had not had sex for almost 2 months now. Jugnu began to jerk himself off with deliberate strokes, trying to get excited thinking about his wife. But he did not get much excitement thinking about her.

But then it struck him... why can't he try some of the things he had read in the incest story magazine last night which excited him! There was a most desirable women close by - his 35 year-old mother! Jugnu's cock leapt at the thought, and he jumped quickly out of bed, hurrying down the hallway to the master bedroom, hoping that his sexy young mother was still in bed. He went back down the hall until he stood before his parent's bedroom door.

His father was on his tour duty. He quietly opened the bedroom door and looked in. His mother lay sprawled in the centre of the big double bed. She was still fast asleep, with the checkered bed sheet fully covering her lovely curvaceous body. Jugnu thanked his father for being away as he moved slowly towards the foot of the bed. His cock stirred again as he looked down at his sleeping mother. She was so beautiful... so sexy.

Carefully Jugnu reached down and grabbed the sheet, pulling it away. He stood staring at his mother's shapely breasts tight against her choli. Her mangal-sutra was d****d over her left breast caught on the nipple. His mother's breasts were larger and more shapely than his wife's. He wanted to fondle the beautiful bulges and suck the nipples. But he first wanted to see his mother's cunt, nestled between her shapely white thighs. So he started to pull his mother's sari slowly, higher and higher over her hot, sleek, naked thighs.

To her son's delight, Daya stretched in her sleep, opening her thighs wide apart as the sari moved, ever so gradually, up over her lower body. Jugnu's young heart began to beat like mad as his mother's fur-covered cunt came into view. The moist, swollen lips were wide open, giving Jugnu a clear view of her juicy, inviting cuntslit. Unconsciously, Daya was giving her son exactly the kind of show he craved. In his sexual fantasies, young Jugnu had frequently visualized his beautiful, sexy mother, lying before him, just like she was was at this very moment, spread-eagled and naked.

As the sari finally reached his mother's hips, Jugnu stared hungrily at his mother's exposed pussy, licking his lips as his eyes devoured her nakedness. He stood transfixed for several seconds before leaning over her. Daya had the body of a woman at least half her age, even more beautiful than the nude young models who posed in the "girly" magazines that Jugnu used as he jacked off in the privacy of his bedroom. With a lustful smile on his handsome features, the young man climbed onto the bed and knelt between his mother's carelessly spread thighs, careful not to wake her. At least not yet anyway!

The heady, aromatic fragrance of his mother's moist cunt filled Jugnu's young nostrils as he bent his head towards her open crotch. The smell was so pleasing, much different from his wife's cunt smell. Ever so carefully, the boy eased her smooth, creamy thighs wider apart and lay down on the bed, positioning his mouth directly above Daya's long, glistening slit. The lips of his sleeping mother's cunt gaped beautifully open, revealing the juicy, pink wetness within. It was a delicious sight which the excited young boy found impossible to resist.

With eager hands, Jugnu began to stroke his mother's naked belly and smooth inner thighs, occasionally letting his fingertips brush tantalizingly against her moist, curly cuntbush.

Jugnu could feel the heat emanating from his mother's cunt and it spurred him on. Leaning on his elbows, the boy reached out and smoothed the soft hair away from her pink cuntslit and very slowly inserted a finger into it. Daya moaned softly, instinctively lifting her hips up against the invading digit. Although her cunt muscles quivered and clasped at his finger, Daya still remained fast asleep. Jugnu inserted a second finger and began to fuck them slowly in and out of his mother's tight, slippery cunthole, watching her face intently for any signs of awakening. Daya's cunt-juice began to ooze out around her son's fucking fingers and dribble down the crack of her ass.

On impulse, he leaned forward and licked up the clear, fragrant droplets before they could fall onto the bedsheets. As Jugnu's hot, wet tongue rasped suddenly over her sensitive flesh, Daya's eyes flew open. The first thing she saw was the top of her son's head, bobbing up and down between her wide-spread thighs, and the first thing she felt was the pure bliss of his tongue and fingers working on her quivering gash. Daya groaned with pleasure as she realized what was happening, and reached down to grab the boy's head with both hands, pressing his mouth into her eager cunt.

Daya had been jealous, like just any mother, when Jugnu got married. Her son was being taken away by another women who came out of nowhere. He had even secretly wished sometime that Jugnu would separate from his wife and come back to live with her, even though she knew it was an evil thought. But what was happening now was far beyond that. Her son was getting intimate with her in a way she had not even imagined. She was excited and pleased.

Daya cried out as Jugnu's hot young lips covered her pussy and sucked her puffy cuntlips and distended clit into his mouth. She spread her feet wide, bending her knees and pulling them back until her aroused twat stood out like a mound of runny pink jelly. Jugnu licked and sucked at his mothers cunt like a hungry young pup. Holding her naked ass-cheeks in both hands, he lifted her hot, willing cuntflesh to his mouth, licking and sucking the entrance of the very womb that had given him life. Jugnu's mouth on her clit was driving Daya wild, and she gurgled deep in her throat as her son chewed gently on her inflamed clit.

Jugnu rotated his head between Daya's thighs, mouth hungrily in the heated wetness of his mother's wide-open twat, her spread cuntlips covering his young face with sticky, fragrant juices. As his horny mother squealed and bucked her pussy against his chin, Jugnu slipped his hands under her tight, firm asscheeks, pulling her hot, juice-filled cunt harder against his open mouth. Daya's cuntflesh writhed and pulsed against his face as her son buried his stiff, pointed tongue deep inside her seething cunthole.

Daya was in seventh heaven as Jugnu noisily sucked up her abundant juices and then began to thrust his hard tongue in and out of her quivering snatch like a short, fat cock, giving himself up completely to the wild, incestuous energy that surged between them. His beautiful mother felt the same, all thoughts of the sinful nature of their coupling were blotted from their minds. While they enjoyed each other's bodies sexually, they ceased to be mother and son, and became simply, male and female, engaged in the age-old ritual of mutual, sexual gratification.

As his nose pressed repeatedly against his mother's clit, Jugnu heard her uninhibited moans of pleasure increase in both loudness and pitch. Her cunt began to contract, opening and closing around his tongue until he had a hard time breathing. Then he spread her still wider with his palms and began to stab and flick his tongue against his mother's prominent clit, trying desperately to make her come, teasing the hard, erect little bud until she almost passed out from sheer pleasure.

"Ahhhhhhghhh! Suck it, Jugnu! Put your lips around you Ma's cunt and suck it! Ma's feeling so happy, my baby! Ohhhh, Krishna!"

Daya's tongue-ravaged pussy flowered open even wider as she neared orgasm, her cunt-juices flowing freely out over her son's sucking mouth and chin, to trickle slowly down into the damp crevice between the cheeks of her compact little ass. The erotic scent of his mother's fully aroused cunt filled his nostrils as Jugnu lifted his lips to her clit and sucked it deep into his mouth. He sucked and nibbled at it with a fury, pressing it hard between his lips and occasionally flicking it with the tip of his tongue, but always returning it deep into his mouth as he sucked on it like a baby on a tit.

Daya could feel her climax building rapidly, flowing outward from her loins like a firey tidal wave of white-hot pleasure. She pressed frantically on the back of her son's head as he ate her, rubbing her cunt savagely against his face until she suddenly stiffened, screaming in violent orgasm.

Torrents of cunt juice exploded into Jugnu's fast working mouth, spreading their sticky warmth all over his cheeks and down his chin until his mother heaved one last time, grunting out the last of her orgasm as she collapsed back onto the bed.

The young man looked up at his mother, his lower face still pressed into her cunt, watching her breasts and nipples jutting stiffly upward. Daya looked down at him, a satisfied smile on her glowing face

Daya held out her hands, and Jugnu scrambled up over her body until he lay on top of her, his stiff young cock pressing urgently against the damp flesh of her stomach, throbbing gently. Daya's pussy shivered with renewed cuntheat as she felt her son's big prick against her belly . Although she'd just experienced a very powerful orgasm, she longed for his hard, virile young cock filling her pussy. With a moan, she pulled his cum-coated mouth down onto her own and kissed him passionately, tasting her own cuntjuice on his soft, wet lips. Jugnu cupped his mother's firm, round titties and squeezed gently. His tongue parted her lips and darted down her throat as the son returned his mother's hot, fervent kiss with equal passion. Daya pulled her lips from his.

"Do you want to fuck me, Jugnu?", she breathed hotly into his mouth. "Would you like to fuck your mother?"

"Oh yes, Ma! I wanna fuck you now! I have wanted to fuck you for so long, Ma", gasped Jugnu.

Daya reached down between his muscular thighs and wrapped her long, slender fingers around his swollen prick, pumping her fist up and down her son's long, hard shaft a number of times.

Daya rubbed her son's cock at her clit, mewling softly. Jugnu looked down between them, writhing his ass with youthful eagerness, anxious to ram his impatient cock up his mother's tightly-stretched cunt at the slightest provocation. Daya looked up at her son with glazed eyes as Jugnu began unbuttoning her blouse to free up her breasts which were bursting inside her blouse. Then Jugnu lowered his head and started sucking her right breast. He took almost half of her breast into his mouth and squeezed it with his lips. Daya gave a soft little cry and began to stroke the back of her son's head as he suckled her. Daya remembered how her son always loved sucking her breasts when he was young. She let him suck until he was five years old and had to force him out of the habit because her husband objected. Otherwise, she would have let him suck as long as he wanted. But now her dear son was back at her breasts taking up where he left long back. Daya was delighted to fell her son's lips around her nipple and it increased her excitement.

"Jugnu, fuck me now, please. I cannot stand it any longer", she whispered in her son's ear. Jugnu lifted himself up on his elbows and positioning his cock at the entrance to his lovely mother's cunt, slowly pushed it inside the velvet fold. Daya moaned as she felt her beloved son's prick slide into her pussy. Then Jugnu began hunching his hips, pumping his cock back and forth inside his mother's mound with long, deep strokes. Daya lifted her head and stared down between their sweat-soaked bodies, watching excitedly as her son's virile young cock slid deliciously in and out of her snatch. Jugnu saw what she was doing and kissed her damp forehead.

Her eyes were round and bright, fixed intently on her son's thick, purple-veined shaft as it reamed her drooling cunt. She put her hands on his shoulders for support as he lurched forward, his weight pushing her bodily towards the head of the bed.

His mother's crotch bounced up and down against him, taking his glistening prick as deeply as possible. On the down-stroke, Jugnuny began to grind his hips in a slow circle, mashing his pubic bone hard against her stiff, throbbing clit.

With gasping ecstasy, she bounced her ass faster and faster, matching his powerful cockthrusts with equal force. Her son fucked like a stallion, and Daya was determined to enjoy him to the fullest. Not only now, but every chance she got! Jugnu ran his hands all over her tingling flesh, squeezing her big, jiggling tits and creamy thighs. Anxious to please her, the young man fucked his mother like a little demon, gripping her taut, firm ass with both hands as he filled her hungry cunt with a full nine inches of throbbing cock. His sperm filled balls slapped noisily against the crack of her ass, and the contracting muscles of Daya's cunt gripped his pistoning shaft so tightly, it almost felt like his prick was being wrenched from his body each time he pulled it out of her. Jugnu inched forward, changing the angle of penetration, plunging his cock in so deep that Daya felt her son's cockhead enter the very mouth of her womb!

"Is that...Unghh!.. your womb I am hitting, Ma!", panted Jugnu, increasing the length and tempo of his thrusts. His voice was hoarse and his words were punctuated by frequent grunts of exertion.

"Mmmmmmm! Krishna ! Krishna!, yes my son! It's your Ma's womb where you came from! I'm so happy Jugnu. Don't stop, please. Keep hitting it. I feel so thrilled!"

Her pleading voice died away to a wordless murmur as Jugnu grabbed her firm, round tits, one in each hand, and fucked his raging cock into his mother's upthrust cunt as hard as he could. The muscles on his back and thighs bulged with the effort as Jugnu gave the his lovely mother everything she had begged for.....and more!

Jugnu sensed his mother's orgasm blossom long before he heard her loud scream of release. The whole sheath of Daya's slick, quivering cunt closed tightly around his shaft, gripping and pulling at his pounding cock like a hungry, sucking mouth. His balls swelled and contracted as he felt his own climax peak with a mighty roar.

"AHHHHGGHH! OOOOOH, Jugnu! My BABY! NOW! OOOOOW! Krishna! Krishna! NOWWW!", yelled Daya as she felt her son's powerful ejaculation blast from the tip of his cock, filling her spasming cunt with his hot, thick jism. Their bodies were a blur of motion as mother and son fucked like two wild animals in heat, abandoning themselves completely to their mutual climaxes. Their juices blended together, flooding her cunt, and washing over his cock like a hot shower. Jugnu continued hunching into her until his mother's body went limp beneath him. All the while her pussy kept squeezing his cock, milking every last drop of cum from her young son's sperm-filled balls. Jugnu collapsed beside her, hugging Daya's, hot sweaty body against his own.
That was wonderful, Ma!", he gasped, "How about for you?"

His mother snuggled against him, wrapping her trembling fingers around his dwindling cock. It was still a formidable size, coated liberally with their mingled juices.

"Ohhh!...Jugnu!...Jugnu!", panted Daya, "It was fantastic, darling! I am in heaven, Jugnu! Was I better than your wife?", she asked eagerly. "Yes, Ma, you were a thousand times better than her. I wish we had come together before my marriage. I would never have married Mala, Ma", said Jugnu. "Yes, Jugnu, we both made a mistake. If only we had been more courageous, we could have had lots and lots of enjoyment. With your father always on tour duty, you and I were alone so many days in the house. We could have been enjoying each other instead of sleeping separately. At least from now on, let us not waste opportunities", said Daya. Jugnu looked deep into his mother's eyes and said, "Ma, I wish you were my wife". Daya's heart almost stopped beating. This would be her ultimate happiness - being wife to her own dear son. She hugged her son tight and showered kisses on his lips and cheeks and said, "Jugnu, my darling, I would be most happy to be your wife. I love you so much.". "Then, you get a divorce from father and I will get divorce from Mala and then I will marry you, Ma", said Jugnu. Daya felt thrilled that her son wanted to marry her - not just enjoy her sex. But being a mature woman, she knew that it is not practical. She looked at her son with love and said, "Oh Jugnu, my darling. I wish you and I could get married. But you know we cannot live publicly as husband and wife. Further, divorces will create problems for everybody. Especially now you are going to have a baby through Mala".

Jugnu felt unhappy. He asked his mother, "Is there a solution to this mother? I cannot live without you from now on". Daya replied, "I too cannot live without you, darling. But we can find a solution. We should just let things stay as there. I will be your mother for the outside world. But inside the house, I will be your wife. You get a job here and move in with us. Since you father goes on tour most of the time, we can find lots of opportunities to make love. We can also make your grandmother's house our love nest." Having decided on that, Daya and Jugnu indulged in an orgy of love making the whole day. Jugnu found his mother unsatiable and he was only too happy to fuck her as many times as she desired. Both the mother and the son felt they needed to make up for all the lost time.

According to Daya's plan, Jugnu found a job in the town and moved in with his parents. Even after Jugnu's wife delivered a baby girl and came home, Jugnu and his mother found time to make love. They visited his grandmother often so that they can make love freely in the upstair's room that her grandmother had given to them exclusively. Six months went by in total bliss for the mother-son couple and the inevitable happened. Daya missed her period. When she missed her period a second time confirming that she had gotten pregnant, Daya broke the news to her husband-son with great joy. For Jugnu, this was the ultimate in happiness. To add to his happiness, one day when they were in bed, Daya told him ,"Jugnu, now that I have been your wife for over eight months and further I am carrying your baby, your grandmother says that it is inappropriate for me to wear this mangal-sutra put on my neck by your father. So she has fixed an auspicious day when you will tie your own mangal-sutra around your dear mother's neck so that she can be officially your wife."
A month later, on the fixed auspicious day and time, Jugnu removed his mother's old mangal-sutra and tied his own around her neck, making her his own wife and nobody else's. Seven month's later, Daya delivered a beautiful baby girl - a sister/daughter to her son/husband.

