When Alice had suggested that planting a garden might be an appropriate use of the land they had found at the end of the corridor between their Rooms, she had not really given the undertaking all the thought it had required. 

Her first indication that gardening is something to Consider Carefully had come the very next morning when Alice had awakened early enough to catch Tarrant still in his shirtsleeves. Chessur had already been making a nuisance of himself over the tea tray but Tarrant had been Energy itself. 

“What shall we do to-day, Alice?” 

“Oh, er...” She’d eyed the empty teacups and steaming pot on the other side of the room and struggled to form a coherent suggestion. “The garden?” 

“Yes, yes! An excellent suggestion, Alice! You won’t mind going through our Rooms again to get there, will you? I’m afraid that’s the only way in.” 

“Can I have tea first?” 

“Of course!” He’d bustled over to the table and pulled out Alice’s chair for her. Across the breakfast things, Chessur had merely grinned. At least until she’d had a few sips of tea. 

Tarrant had rushed hither and thither gathering who knows what and arranging two small wicker baskets. By the time he had finished the preparations, Alice had felt brave enough to untangle her hair – if only to get the blasted Cat to stop snickering at her. 

“We’ll stop by the kitchens for some cheese... for the toves,” he ’d explained absently. “Toves adore cheese. And perhaps some things for lunch for ourselves and... Oh! Yes, I must stop by the workshop for some necessities. Gardening simply isn’t done without the proper bits and bobbins, you know. And then we’ll be on our way!” 

At this point, Alice, who had reluctantly decided against a third cup of tea, had startled as Tarrant had thrown a set of clothing over the changing screen for her. She’d been about to put on her tunic and breeches. 

“What are these for?” she’d asked. “And whenever did you make them?” 

“Oh, well, sewing is very soothing for those who can’t sleep. And well, although we hadn’t specifically planned to go a-gardening to-day, I had thought we might get around to it soon, so I thought, perhaps, these articles might be... welcome.” 

Alice had put them on and smiled at the comfortable fit. “ Very welcome. Thank you. And,” she’d added with a burst of inspiration, “if we meet any courtiers in the corridors to-day I think I will enjoy their expressions immensely. ” 

Alice had stepped into her most comfortable pair of not-white slippers and moved out from behind the screen. Tarrant – with one suspender slung over his shoulder and the other still in hand – had paused suddenly and, evaluating her with a critical eye and frowning thoughtfully across the suite at her, inquired, “Where are your muck-about boots, Alice?” 

Muck-about boots. Oh, dear frumious Bandersnatches but that had not sounded... appealing. Not at all. “Er... what sort of boots?” She’d asked although she’d doubted she’d wanted the actual information (which would quite probably confirm her fears on their unpleasantness). 

“Have you ever started a garden?” he’d asked, brows arched so high they had nearly disappeared under his hat. (And why he had insisted on completing his morning routine by putting his hat on before his waistcoat, ascot, socks, pocket watch, jacket, and shoes – in that order – Alice still hasn’t managed to puzzle out.) 

“Er... no, I haven’t,” she had admitted. 

“Worked in a garden?” he’d probed hopefully. 

She’d shaken her head. 

“ Walked through a garden?” 

“Of course I’ve walked through a garden!” 

“Alice, I have no notion of the up-side down and inside-out ways of Above so you’ll just have to forgive me if my attempts to confirm my understanding result in a rather unfortunate Misunderstanding.” 

“I’ll have to forgive you?” 

“Well, I suppose not. But I would very much like it if you would consider doing so. If only from time to time.” 

“Oh, all right. I suppose I shall. Now, tell me about gardening.” 

And so he had. Momentarily forgetting about her somewhat-lit and slightly more-habitable Room (the brief thought of the widow’s weeds is quickly shuffled aside before it can draw her attention away from the curious enterprise she and Tarrant are about to undertake), Alice glances down at the basket hooked over the crook of her arm and raises her brows. Despite having never worked in a garden or started one in her lifetime, Alice doubts people Above use chair cushion embroidery patterns to sow the seeds and plant cuttings! 

Tarrant opens the ivy-covered gate for her at the end of the cobblestone lane (or would it be a corridor? But corridors don’t normally come cobblestoned!) and Alice lifts a hand to shade her eyes from the bright, afternoon sun. 

“Ah!” he exclaims, striding past her, apparently not minding the brightness of the light at all. “Look here, Alice. The toves have been through already. Yes, yes, very nicely tilled. Those corkscrews do come in handy.” 

Alice blinks a bit and then, resolutely lowering her hand, takes in the two plots of upturned earth. She meanders after Tarrant, down the aisle of grass between the will-be gardens and the scent of fresh, mineral-nourished earth wafts up to her. Alice kneels and drags her fingers gently through the shifting soil. It collects easily under her fingernails and she considers thanking Tarrant for insisting on helping her outfit herself for this task to-day. Her canvas trousers, muck-about boots, and long sleeved linen shirt seem to suit the situation quite nicely. And the expression on Sir Oliver and Lady Callia’s faces as they’d passed them outside the castle kitchens had been very entertaining, indeed! 

“Ah-ah-ah!” Tarrant hums warningly. “Don’t begin without your hat, Alice!” And an instant later, a wide-brimmed straw hat flutters down onto the top of her head. 

“Thank you.” 

“No thanks, please. It’s not a very flattering sort of hat, as it’s a work hat – a hat for work, that is – and it hasn’t actually done much work yet, but it will! Beating back the sun’s rays is rather tiresome. After that, I’m sure a word or two in thanks would be highly appreciated.” 

“All right,” she concedes, charmed that his natural inclination is to assume she would be thanking the hat for a job well done and not the man who had made it for her. 

“Now, as I mentioned, we must first decide the layout of the garden,” he says, clearly energized and excited about beginning the task at hand. Tarrant gestures to his own basket. “Where shall we put the four o’clocks?” 

“Um... near the sundial, do you think?” She recalls the mention of a sundial from yesterday. 

“Oh, yes! A very logical suggestion, thank you. Although not so close as to interfere with the toves’ comings and goings. They prefer to nest under the wabe, er, the base of sundials, I mean.” 

They spend a few moments sketching out where the sundial and garden bench will go – or, actually, Tarrant gestures emphatically and lectures as Alice makes agreeable noises (which she is happy to do as she has no expertise in this matter) – and then Tarrant removes a large, bare, wooden spool from his basket and sets it on the ground. 

“What’s that for?” she asks, nudging the sewing implement with the toe of her borrowed muck-about boot. 

“The thread, of course!” 

“The... thread.” 

“Yes, yes. See here?” he asks, plucking a large needle from the cloth draped over his basket and, amazingly, there is a green thread dangling from the eye that trails down to the still-bare spool. “We’ve already started a Thread of Conversation.” He nods toward Alice’s basket and, glancing down, she sees a ghostly thread trailing from the needle piercing the handkerchief over the contents of her own basket. 

“Oh, yes, I see...” As she speaks, the color fills in along the length of the strand until it is a pale green. “So, the more we talk the...” 

“The stronger the thread, yes,” he replies. 

“Amazing.” 

“Is it?” 

She nods. “This is... not the way gardening is done Above,” she observes. 

“But how can you be sure? You admitted to not having participated in gardening before.” 

“Participate, no, I don’t think I have, but I’ve seen it done and there were no threads, conversations, or needles involved.” 

“How odd. How can one Sew without a needle and thread?” Tarrant’s brows twitch into a frown briefly before he shakes his head and, setting his basket aside, gestures for Alice to join him at the border of the east-side garden. They sink down to their knees in the grass at the edge of the tilled earth. Tarrant reaches into Alice’s basket and pulls out a seat cushion embroidery pattern for a White Champion Flower. 

“Now, first thing, Alice, is the pattern. At least until you grow proficient enough to remember the placement of the crucial stitches. You apply it thus,” he says, placing the pattern on the earth, “... and insert the needle in the perforated lines...” 

Alice watches as he does just that, thrusting his needle into a seemingly random hole of the pattern. Just as the eye of the needle disappears beneath the paper, the point emerges from the next hole. He plucks it up and inserts it in the next hole of the paper pattern. 

“Just like so,” he demonstrates, literally sewing his way through the pattern. “Of course, it’s imperative that we mind the thread and not allow the conversation to suffer from too much silence. The stronger the thread, the stronger the plant.” 

Alice sighs, watching him speed up until the pattern seems to only take a few blinks of an eye to complete. “Bugger,” she mutters. “I’ve never been very skilled at embroidery.” 

“Then... might I suggest starting with buttercups?” Tarrant suggests. “They are an excellent flower to learn on. Very simple and forgiving of the occasional slip.” 

Tarrant helps her arrange her supplies and asks her several questions, nodding in encouragement for her to continue speaking, and a few moments later, she realizes why: the pale green thread that had been dangling from her needle is now grass green. 

“That will be a good start, but you must remember to speak, my dear, or it will fade away again.” 

“I will... Tarrant?” 

“Yes?” 

“Despite the fact that I’m pretty sure my half of the garden is going to look like rubbish next to yours...” And with his skill with a needle and thread under normal circumstances, she feels this is a very safe assumption to make. “... thank you,” she says, hurriedly interrupting what he had no doubt intended to be a gentlemanly protest for the sake of her pride. “I’m glad to be here. Gardening with you.” 

He leans forward, tilts her chin up with a gentle finger, and presses a brief kiss to the corner of her mouth. “And I as well, my Alice. Now, I shall just be across the aisle, so if you need any assistance...” 

“You’ll be the first one I call.” 

“Alice, I am the only other person here. Of course I will be first.” 

Of course.