Iruka scowled hard at his bank statement. He knew he didn’t have that much money in his account, yet no matter how many times he asked the bank, they kept insisting it was accurate. The sales slips he had from all of Kakashi’s excursions had all magically vanished (he had ripped apart every file in his filing cabinet to see if someone had misplaced them), so he couldn’t show the bank that there was no way that he had that much money.

He knew he shouldn’t be surprised, with the way things kept going. He was being harassed by his friends at work, harassed by children during classes, harassed by horny and crazy kunoichis whenever he was spotted, and harassed by Hatake all the time in between.

He almost thought Hatake was following him. The man was always there, grinning that stupid one-eyed grin of his and Iruka would be forced to go along with whatever new thing had struck the jounin’s fancy. So far, the count was at two indigestion-inducingly bad movies (whoever thought that the Icha Icha series ought to be made into movies should be forced to spend the rest of their life cleaning public bathrooms in parks with angry hippos chasing them in between restrooms), four trips to the bookstore (which wasn’t too terribly awful; he could put some distance in between them then), three torturous shopping trips (which Hatake spend the entire time flicking things at Iruka’s ponytail), and five meals, all in the course of seven days (he was proud to say he only punched Hatake fifteen times; he filled out a report each time). Hatake also was hinting at some cleaning he wanted to get done, but Iruka kept praying that it would never come down to that (Kakashi also would mutter something about a short frilly apron and French maids and then leer at Iruka, but Iruka was determinedly not thinking about it).

It didn’t help that people seemed to notice him more when Hatake was bent on being as frustrating as possible. More whispers and giggles seemed to be following him these days and it couldn’t be because Yugao had pasted photo-shopped pictures of the two of them in wedding gear on the fronts of all of the billboards that Anko had defaced with marriage proposals or the fact that Shizune had let Tsunade go out boozing in exchange for an afternoon of fluttering her eyelashes at Iruka. He’d have to hunt down Kurenai later and see if there was some gossip that he was missing—once he got rid of Champaign stains from where Anko had spilled it all over him and scoured his apartment (Shizune had gotten the bright idea that if she showed Iruka what a good wife she would make, he’d fall into her arms; unfortunately, Yugao had the same idea and now Iruka’s apartment was one report short of being condemned).

He was enjoying some tea in the teacher’s lounge he had managed to con off of Suzume and happily munching on some cookies he had confiscated—something that was NOT rice or beans and NOT three weeks old, multi-coloured, and thicker then sludge—before his shift in the Mission Room when the scar on his back wrenched. Glancing up, he saw Genma, Raidou, Kotetsu, and Izumo all standing in the doorway, grinning too widely.

He had sudden urge to be anywhere other than here.

“I’m glad that you took our advice!” Kotetsu said as Raidou sniggered.

“What advice?”

“The dating advice!” Izumo put in, unable to contain his laughter any more.

Iruka stared at them. “I don’t know what you all are talking about.” He took a sip and plotted escape—with the tea and cookies.

“Don’t worry; you don’t have to pretend with us.” Kotetsu smirked. “It’s not like we’re going to run and tell every village about this.”

“You know, when he asked for your address, I didn’t think it’d lead to this!”

“If you’re not going to talk sense, I’m not going to talk to you.”

“Oh, stop being so coy! Give us the details! Whatever made you decide to go the route you did? And—more importantly—is he any good?” Genma leaned over the table, senbon twitching.

Iruka looked blankly at the small cluster of people who he was thinking he was going to turn into a cluster of former friends that lived in under his floorboards in much smaller pieces than they were in now. “What the hell? Is who good at what?”

Raidou laughed louder as Kotetsu and Izumo waggled their eyebrows. “You know, Sharigan Kakashi! Your new boyfriend!” Genma said gleefully.

Iruka spat out his tea. “WHAT?!”
xXxXxXxXxXx
Kakashi wanted to slouch past the cluster of jounin, but Asuma had spotted him and called him over. “Kakashi-san! You’ve been holding out on us! When did you start dating Iruka-sensei?”

Kakashi glanced around the circle; everyone was watching him expectantly—hell, even Shikaku Nara looked mildly interested. “How’s Kurenai-san?”

“Nice try, Hatake!” Tsume barked out cheerfully. “Everyone’s seen you on the town with that cutie. What’dja say to get that hot ass to go out with you?”

“Weren’t you trying to set up Iruka-sensei with your daughter?”

She waved her hand dismissively. “Hana, you, it doesn’t matter who ends up with that teacher, but his ass is definitely too fine for him not to have a mate or a bitch yet.”

Shikaku made a quiet long-suffering noise, but Kakashi noticed he made no move to leave.

Chouza tried to thump Kakashi back, but Kakashi sidestepped. The only one whose back thumps rivalled the Akimich’s was Gai’s, and Kakashi was never letting Gai close enough to ever do that again. “Both of you should come to dinner tomorrow and then you can tell me all about it!”

Kakashi raised an eyebrow. Dinner with the Akimich was nothing to scoff at. Kakashi would consider having each and every single one of Gai’s babies—hell, Orochimaru’s or Itachi’s babies—if it meant he could eat Akimich food for every meal for the rest of his life. Akimichs didn’t reach the size they did for no reason at all. And to be invited over…

“Hmm.”

“I’m more interested in how he managed to extract Iruka-sensei from those women.” Inoichi said, leaning against the wall behind him.

“Oh, Anko’s in denial.” Asuma smirked. “She keeps saying that Iruka-sensei hasn’t seen the light yet and he’s her man and no two-bit porn-addicted sorry-excuse-for-a-jack-off is going to take him from her. By the way, I’d be more careful around any snakes or the fish market.”

Kakashi wondered if Iruka and Anko had the same sensei or something; both were ridiculously creative with their insults.

Tsume laughed so hard that she had to grab Shikaku’s shoulder to prevent herself from falling over. “What about the other two bitc—kunoichis have to say?” She finally managed to gasp out.

“Oh, you know how it goes.” Asuma waved his cigarette around. “Shizune-san stands steadily by the fact that she believes that Iruka-san wouldn’t string her along like that—after she tries to get Kakashi-san missions that involve the Forest of Death and steaks strapped to his back—and Yugao-san vehemently denies it and then gets a nose-bleed. Then she goes down to the bookstore and steals all the Icha Icha books.”

Tsume snorted. “Delusional!” Her heavily make-upped eyes swivelled back over to Kakashi. “So, is the teacher as uncontrolled in the sack as he is with his temper?” She made a crude hand gesture.

This seemed to be the question everyone really wanted to know and everyone zoomed in on Kakashi. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“He’s into the really kinky shit, isn’t he?” Tsume looked gleeful and Kakashi had never seen Shikaku look so fascinated. “I knew he would be!”

Kakashi was saved from pulling out his book a second later.

“HATAKE KAKASHI!” All the windows in the tower rattled with the force of the bellow. “GET YOUR SORRY FUCKIN’ EXCUSE FOR AN ASS OVER HERE RIGHT NOW BEFORE I HAVE TO COME DOWN THERE AND RIP YOUR GODDAMN BALLS OFF!!”

Kakashi beamed sunnily at the group. “Excuse me, I’m being summoned.”

He teleported away, the catcalls, laughs, and yells of ‘so whipped!’ following him.