Shelly's Naive Nudity
byunexplored_worlds©

Shelly's Naive Nudity Pt. 01

Shelly had been anticipating college for years... and it was finally here. At her state college. It had been so long since she had left her hometown; pulling up to the tall buildings of the eastern dormitories, each housing more people than had been in her small town, Shelly felt almost like she was moving to a city. Having been homeschooled for the last two years in order to outpace her town's outdated curriculum and enter college as a sophomore, she had forgotten what life was like in a swarm of her peers. 

Shelly's parents pulled the car over at the curb, and was immediately startled by an overly friendly student government rep who popped out, seemingly from nowhere. "Hi! Are you a new student?"

After gathering her wits, Shelly finally and awkwardly eked out a response. "Uh... why yes... my name is Shelly Brown?"

"Shelly Brown..." the peppy blonde scanned down a list on her clipboard. "Yup I see you! You're in Thurston B, that 12 story tower over there. It's our newest building on campus in fact, finished last year! Grab a cart from over there and you can load up and get settled in! You're gonna love it here! Just make sure your parents leave the car in that lot across the street! Enjoy!" 

Shelly hoped she would enjoy college half as much as this girl enjoyed greeting newcomers. She grabbed a cart for her luggage and loaded up, ready for the first day of college.

-----------

Settled into her room, Shelly wondered at how to make friends. She'd been put in a room without a roommate; an empty bunk implied that someone might one day occupy the room, but for now it was just Shelly, all alone, in this brand new building. With all the parents gone, the chaos in the halls seemed to increase; everyone yelling to everyone else, talking excitedly about classes and extracurriculars; jocks running down the halls to burn off their newfound energy. Shelly stood by the door of her room and looked around; nobody stopped their activities to ask her what she was doing. 

She went back into her room to unpack. Had she brought enough towels? How often was she going to do laundry? Come to think of it, how often did her dad do laundry at home? And what about bedding, how often should that be washed? Did this room come with a broom? As she was inspecting the closet for cleaning supplies and coming up empty, she heard a knock at the door behind her. 

She turned around and there saw the most gorgeous shirtless boy she'd ever seen. Speechless, and rather unused to even partial nudity, she couldn't help but gawk. 

The boy was unfazed. "Hi, you're Shelly right?" 

"R... yea... um... yeah. Hey, is there a dress code or something in here? This is a co-ed dorm right?" 

The boy laughed, casual in his demeanor with a gleam of oh-so-you-noticed cockiness in his physique. "As long as you're comfortable it's whatever, and as long as you know any dangly bits are covered. I'm Jason by the way." He took a few steps into the room to shake her hand. "I'm the dorm manager so I have to greet everyone; you'll meet your residential advisor later. I was told you're new here?"

"Yep, first time being in school in two years so... very new!"

"Oh sweet! Right well you're gonna have an amazing time. I promise."

"Thanks. Hey it's crazy warm in here, what's the deal?" She noticed sweat beading up on his brow and knew he was feeling it too. 

"Yeah they made this crazy new dorm last year and then the thermostat broke like the second week so it's stuck on either hot or freezing cold; I'm sure you'll wake up one day this week shivering too."

"Oh." Shelly didn't know what else to say. She caught herself checking his chest out again, so she quickly looked up toward his face and just smiled dumbly. He smiled back, friendly but now ever so slightly impatient.

"Well I got a few other newbies to hit up before the big Kickoff Fall 2012 event tonight, so just settle in and I'll see you around!" 

Two hours later, Jason was walking down the hallway when he caught a glimpse into Shelly's room. Door wide open, she was standing completely pantsless.

"Uh... hey Shelly you want the door closed?"

"Oh no that's ok," she responded casually.

"You're taking this dress code thing to heart huh?" 

"Well I figure as long as my dangly bits are covered, right? That's what you said."

It took Jason a second, then he smacked his forehead incredulously; she thought he was referring to boobs. "Uh...well I guess what I meant was..." But he couldn't quite focus anymore, thanks to the bare ass that was right in his field of vision. He knew he'd have to excuse himself. "...Well you do you, I gotta go..."

Shelly looked up, puzzled. He zoomed out of her doorway as quickly as he'd arrived; was something wrong? Was she breaking any rules? He'd tell her, wouldn't he? 

She shrugged and let her bare ass enjoy the unconstrained freedom of bottomlessness in the heat of the broken dorm thermostat, humming to herself. She was going to fit in, she knew it.
