Hi, all. I am doing my mechanical engineering final year. For my
study I stay in my mama's home. Mama works for merchant navy.

My mami is a housewife, good looking and shopping savvy. She is very
happy with my uncle and that's what I felt about her all these years.
Let me describe my mami first, she has very good figure and maintains
it very well.

One day it was get together at our place because it was their kid's
birthday. Some of my uncle's colleagues gathered in his bedroom for
booze party. And some friends of his kid were invited and his
private tutor too. My mami was busy in looking after guests and
arrangements, everyone in their own moods enjoying the party.

I am like elder in all the children there so I was trying to
entertain them with video games and all stuff like that. Suddenly
Varun came out of the room with his drink in his hand and cracked
some jokes to all the children there and went near the dining table
and started conversation with my mami. They were laughing, I don't
know what he said her she was blushing, occasionally he is rubbing my
aunt's boobs, I thought it was by mistake, after some time he left
that place.

Here I need to describe Varun is tall and has athletic body and has
got very good sense of humor. He is senior of 3-4 years than me,
staying near our place.

After about an hour all my uncle's colleagues completed their booze
and came for dinner almost everyone were fully drunks including my
uncle and he is busy serving them. Mami was showing much interest to
Varun, while serving she rubbed her boobs on his back and he was
enjoying that more than the dishes served there.

After dinner everyone started leaving and at last when Varun was
leaving we all said good night to him and when my uncle turned in he
gave naughty smile to my mami and aunty started blushing and came
inside. I though it was his casual style.

After about couple of days later I came home early at 1 p.m. from my
college, as I was not feeling well, I opened door with my keys,
usually we all have separate keys with us. Nobody was at home, I
remembered mami told me she will be out for shopping that day, and I
went into my room and relaxed on my bed. About half an hour later I
heard somebody opening door, it was my mami who was laughing and
there was a male voice too. I kept my rooms door slightly open, then
I have seen Varun following my mami to her bedroom, they didn't
notice me as I will be usually coming late from my college.

They went inside the bedroom and didn't mind closing the door, I
slowly came out of my room to see what's happening hiding near the
door curtain not in their vision line and I was stunned and never
imagined my mami hugging some outsider. He was passionately kissing
on her neck, one of his hands were on her breasts rubbing it other
covering her waist, she was really enjoying strangers hug and she
whispered "Darling I love you, do something to me today which I
remember for rest of my life, please...", he started removing her
pallu and slowly removed her sari and put it aside, then started
unbuttoning her blouse, to my surprise she didn't had her bra inside,
she was only on petticoat now. He cupped one of her breast with his
left hand and pinched her tits, she started moaning with pain, and
she wanted more. She unbuttoned his shirt and trousers unzipped his
trousers to fall it down, he was wearing boxer shorts inside. She
slipped it down and sat on corner of the bed and took his tool in her
hand, which was semi erected and started stroking it slowly. He was
standing and rubbing her tits, she took his tool in her mouth and
started stroking it he was enjoying that, he held my mami's hair and
started moving her head front and back she was taking his big tool
deep inside her mouth. She started moving her mouth faster now and
she was licking his end in between.

He started shouting "Make me cum fast u little bitch". It's time for
climax now and he cummed on her face and she was smiling at him. He
relaxed on the bed and she went to the washroom to wash her face.
Then she came back to the room and was about to come out the room I
ran quickly to hide off her view, she took juice from the fridge in
two glasses and took it inside and I went back to my position. She
gave it to Varun, he took a sip and started kissing her, juice from
her glass fell on her and she hurried to wash her. But Varun stopped
her and licked her breast for a while and then they both sipped juice
from his glass.

Now aunty was lying on the bed with only petticoat on her, Varun has
reached her feet and started kissing, she started laughing and slowly
he mounted on her and covered her lips with his. He took her tongue
in his mouth, then he moved to the ears and reached her neck, his one
hand was playing with her boobs.

He moved down to her naval hole and started licking it, his both
hands were playing with her boobs. Now he stood up and lifted her
petticoat with one hand and massaged her thighs, he then put off her
petticoat and threw it. No panty inside, mami is fully nude. Mean
while she spread her legs making him the room, he started eating her
pussy, he moved her outer lips with his tongue and he was licking it
very fast. He swallowed her juices running from her pussy and wetted
his face, my mami started shouting "Please Varun some more time and I
will CUM, oh please u son of a bitch.." and she cummed on his face.
He cleaned his face with the towel, held his tool with his hand put
it on her pussy and to make sure it is placing in right position. He
moved forward slowly and gave a stroke, she held the pillow with her
two hands, he fastened his piston movement, my mami closed her eyes
and she was in the heaven now. After about 3-4 min he filled her
pussy with his cum and slept on her.

My mami whispered "Thanks Darling, Thanks for this...". Listening
this he got more strength may be he sat beside her and told "Darling
wait I will show u heaven in another position which u would have
never tried till now". With that my mami hugged him and covered his
lips with hers, she held his tool with her hand which was semi erect
and put it again in her mouth and started sucking it, now his tool
was completely erect. Now he made her rest on her knees in the doggy
position and slapped on her pussy entered her, he held her two boobs
for grip and was stroking slowly, may be it was tight in this
position, he then increased speed. After stroking for a while he held
her hair and fucking her furiously now, and filled my mami's pussy
with his CUM.

Varun immediately went into the washroom and had a quick wash and
came out, my mami was lying on the bed naked he came and slept
hugging her. After some time my mami went inside the restroom and
cleaned herself and wore a nightgown. Varun was taking a quick nap
(he must be tired showing my mami different positions). She came out
saw him and was about to come out of the room I ran into my room.
She went to the kitchen and prepared coffee for both and went into
the room hurried him up as it was time for her kid comes from school,
they both had coffee and he hurriedly dressed himself. Mami came
close to him and he put his hands around her neck, he wrapped around
her waist and walked near the main door, my mami hugged him and he
kissed her. She was very unhappy as he was leaving, he gave her a
kiss and bid Good Bye to her and left our place.

I went to my bathroom and jacked off myself there and then slowly
walked out with my college bag, while my mami was lying on the bed. I
went to the nearby shop had cigarette puff and came home and pressed
door bell, after 2 min my mami opened the door she was completely
tired. I asked her as if I don't know anything what had
happened "What happened mami, u r looking very tired, gone for a big
shopping toady..." She said casually "Ya big shopping, but why you
came early?" I said nothing and entered the home and she went inside
the kitchen to get me juice and snacks. I switched on the T V. She
put all her cloths for washing including towel and bed sheet.
I was totally depressed that day seeing my mami with another man,
which I have never expected. Then there were many incidents, which
they met each other. Bye for now.

For sending your comments mail me on: mamikadiwana@y...