
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                            Journey to Sxtlan

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

Synapse E

   Together I huddled and giggled naked with the young girl, wrapped
   snugly in the soft blanket given us by the old medicine woman.
   Back we were, in the middle of the mosaic, having journeyed
   somehow, that I have now forgotten, and returned to the place,
   but not to a state of being clothed, as the moon swung lower and
   lower toward the western horizon of the starry night sky.

   Together we giggled. Giggling I was for, not much for words,
   though this Incan Princess demanded our full concentration, our
   devotion, our attention. For too long had she lain beneath the
   rich smelling earth. Now it was for us to liberate her.

   Together, on our spot. For, the old medicine woman had told us
   that we must learn the art of seeing. Seeing as the world had not
   beheld, and it was for this that she had brewed the potent
   formula, with essences of salvia and dandelion, catnip,
   chamomile, and morning glory, mugwort and Saint John's wort, and
   wort of hog, eye of newt, with a few drops of an exotic herbal
   formula that had been fermenting for over a thousand years,
   passed down over the generations of medicine women, plus a sprig
   of spearmint for seasoning. Mixed all together, and brewed at
   precisely 144 degrees, the gross temperature bringing the gross
   mixture into chemical fusion, thus ensuring the mythical blend
   necessary to bring the senses liberation waxing extra-sensory.

   So together we drank, and the strange liquid gave us warmth
   against the cold night, and caused within us spectacular
   sensations. I felt a great sexual desire for my young friend, as
   we scampered together in the night, running across the desert in
   pursuit of the laughing coyote wind.

   And see, indeed we could, the golden threads of power uniting all
   things.

   "And now you must learn to find your spot," she had said.

   "My spot?" both of us chorused in unison.

   "Yes, first chasing the wind, laughing with the wind until he is
   your friend. Then half-closing one eye, and tilting your head,
   then inserting your thumb into your ear and wiggling all of your
   fingers and uttering the sacred syllable `bleeeeaaaahh!'"

   "Really?" I asked. "I think I will feel a little silly."

   "It is a regrettable downfall of your pale-skinned race. You must
   discard this fear of seeming silly. It is only an impediment to
   your attaining the fifth ring of singularity."

   "Um, OK," I said. I tried doing as she recommended, half-closing
   my eye and wiggling my fingers, but instead of the sacred
   `bleeeeaaaahh' it came out more as a raspberry.

   "All right then, I have come prepared for such a thing, knowing
   the ignorance and clumsiness of your race. Here, try these."

   She handed us cardboard-cutout 3-D glasses with cellophane
   lenses, red in one eye and green in the other, with a logo for
   "Spy Kids".

   "But I'll feel silly. . ."

   She raised one finger scoldingly.

   "Ah yes," I recalled her instruction. "Impediment to the fifth
   ring of something or other."

   "Singularity. All will become clear in time."

   And so, equipped with her lessons laden with elderly sagacity
   from beyond the beginning of time and space, we journeyed back
   through the forest, all the while seeing the landscape
   illuminated from glowing threads of the fifth singularity that we
   had always sensed all around us, but never before had seen.

   Together we had scanned the mosaic, and immediately settled in
   the spot where the energy lines converged. Impossible to
   describe, the bizarre light we were seeing, but it was not a
   physical light, nor one of this world. Now here we were, snuggled
   together within the blanket of our nuptial bed (so to speak),
   both laughing nervously, knowing somehow what was to come, but
   also realizing that the following sexual events could as easily
   be abandoned before we set off down that road as pursued. So
   bizarre it had seemed at first, being naked with a naked seven-
   year-old, and now, though it seemed more accustomed, the
   amazement of it faded in and out with the sheer naturalness and
   right-feeling of it. Nobody needed to explain: we both knew
   exactly what we wanted, what to do. Only that we playfully took
   our time on the road to where we both knew we wanted to travel.

   We had a tickling match, and the giggles grew more and more
   nervous, until I kissed her once more, on her lips, then resumed
   again until she tried to win by resisting as I stroked her feet,
   strokes which became caresses, and she sighed as she laid back
   while I ran my fingers up and down her thin soft calves, her
   narrow pale thighs, and the strokes looped higher and higher,
   towards the soft moist goal awaiting at the top. I knelt
   reverently between her spread legs and marvelled at the beauty of
   the shape that the lips over her vagina formed, silently mouthing
   in unison or duet with her soft moans as I caressed and fondled
   her ankles and knees, now spreading her thighs ever so slightly
   to make way for my face, chin and lips hovering for a moment over
   her prize, with her watching in passive anticipation. Our eyes
   met for a memorable moment, the precursor of the first deliberate
   sexual contact. Her helpless longing was plain.

   Gently I reached out with my tongue and spread her lips,
   searching. She cried out, once, twice, and again and again as I
   searched more deeply for the pleasure within her, the key to
   unlock the freedom of the Incan princess. She place her soft tiny
   hands on either side of my head to hold me and guide me as I
   tasted her forbidden pleasure.

   Then was my turn, after the rush of cunnilingus had subsided. She
   sat up and began playing with me, my little love-bunny, toying
   with this foreign-seeming object attached to me at my midsection,
   examining, whimsically feeling first one egg and then the other,
   looking at all the odd contours, all the while witnessing the
   arousal and erection, with the wide-eyed wonder of Easter
   morning.

   Then she began to taste various parts of it, first a little most
   touch of the tongue to each testicle, then at the base, then
   licking all the way up in a line to the tip, like a tongue
   running the extra ice-cream from a straw that had been dipped in
   a sundae. That alone elicited a moan and involuntary shudder,
   causing a shower of golden sparks to fly in all directions.

   Then came her mouth encircling, warm wetness gripping the tip. I
   knew that I could blast her right there, and send my come
   dripping across her tongue. Big eyes turned up to watch my face
   for reaction. I nodded desperately for her not to stop, and
   indeed did she continue.

   Now the alien being attached to my body was stiff with attention,
   and ready to part the muddy waters of the red sea. With a little
   sucking noise, she popped me out of her mouth, as she felt me
   shifting. I pushed her down onto the soft cushioned blanket, and
   she opened her legs skyward, catching the backs of my thighs with
   her heels, forcing me towards her.

   I paused, as his stiff eyeless face gently touched her bare soft
   outer fold.

   "You know," I said, "I'm a virgin."

   "You mean you never had a baby? Like the Virgin Mary did after
   the angel came?"

   "No, I mean I've never done this with anyone before."

   She looked down at my surging soulfulness, pressing against the
   mouth of her opening. Finally she said: "I never have done this
   with anyone before either. My sister has never done it with a guy
   before, I know a 'cause she tol' me. But she done it with a girl,
   lots a times with Sandy that's her girlfriend, because she's a
   lezbean. I heard 'em when they thought I was sleeping."

   The feeling I had for her felt about to explode, my desire for
   her.

   "Do you want me inside of you?"

   She looked puzzled, frustrated for a moment. "Just push. It can
   go inside if you just push."

   So I did, gently. I felt a little snap, and she let out a cry.

   "OK?" I said.

   "Push!" she repeated, digging into my buttocks with her heels,
   forcing me into her.

   The opening was tight at first, gripping my rod as though it
   would never let go, but then the hold loosened, and I slid into a
   place that felt so right, that it was a wonder we had waited so
   long to find it. I could tell from her glazed expression and
   relieved and satisfied "huh, huh, huh" that she felt about the
   same way.

   The golden threads of the singularity wrapped around us, entwined
   us, caressed us, like thin tentacle vines, throwing out sparks
   and sparkles of illumination as they embraced our lovemaking.

   It all felt so unreal, as I watched my stiff shaft immerse and
   emerge sliding smoothly into and from her tiny, deliciously
   slobbering fold. Our secret pleasure, that only we shared, that
   special intense feeling that only the two of us knew together.

   Then I came without warning. There was just one half stroke,
   broken in mid-arc, and I felt the surge of the drops on their
   way. I shoved myself in, and she yielded, opening and pushing
   against me as I worked myself into the spot that we both loved,
   with me deep inside her, and from there, one by one, the drops
   pushed their way into her, vanilla pearls of hot seed engulfed in
   her moist folds. At the same time, I felt her twitching
   contractions respond to the coarse guttural voice of my orgasm,
   and we crumbled together into the decadence of spent passion.

   But only for a short reprieve. Filled with nervous energy, she
   soon found her way with her mouth down to the fount of baby-
   seeds, licking eagerly to taste the elusive drops as I lay
   helplessly, my shaft once more rousted into action, and she
   insisted that I come in her mouth so that she could properly
   taste a full amount of it. When she really wanted something, she
   would revert to baby talk, so that she seemed even younger than
   she actually was. It drove me crazy.

   "Pweeze, sqwuert it on my tongue, right out your pee-hole!" she
   said, giggling. The lash of the giggles drew me in, and I placed
   my hands gently and lovingly around her head as her lips
   encircled me, fingers pressed against her soft hair, watching her
   big eyes beneath blond bangs while she explored below, and
   behind, reaching around with her hands.

   She knew somehow instinctively, just how to gnaw, to where the
   pain became sweetness and longing to release the secret blood-
   swollen force of my inner desire. How wonderful to be in her
   mouth, between such innocent sweet lips, my hairy, charged-up
   nasty pirate's sword, shoving its dirty way into her yearning
   pliant purity. To shove myself again and again into her beautiful
   sweet round face, to watch myself disappear between her moist
   lips, feeling her nervously prodding tongue impatiently searching
   for the juice she was longing to taste.

   This time, I felt it coming earlier than before. "Oh baby, here
   it is," I cried. "My precious gift for you, my special little
   angel!" Sure, it was hokey, but the right thing to say at the
   time.

   Her eyes lit up as I let go, and she in her eagerness she gripped
   my buttocks, moist sandpaper tongue dissolving into the lubricant
   whiteness from deep inside me that I sprayed into her mouth,
   palms against the back of her head, I held myself inside as each
   drop squirted onto her waiting tongue.

   I lost track of the number of orgasms, as deep blackness of night
   wore on unto morning, with the stars now having wheeled around to
   across from where they had been when we started.

   There was the delightful little gusher that I spurted all over
   the small of her back, having rowed like a Viking for what seemed
   blissful decades with my oar up and down the crack of her bun,
   while (arms folded) she serenely waited for my climax, with the
   patience of a monk. Fortunately, the old medicine woman had also
   left us with a vial of lubricant jelly. The tiny triangular lump
   of flesh leading up to the head of my penis popped and stretched
   with agonizing pleasure as it slid across the miniature sphinctre
   of her anus -- only across, never inside, except once, briefly,
   slightly, for a moment when she (with a laugh) farted.

   Then there was the warm puddle that I left on her belly after
   following her explicit instructions to slide back and forth along
   her moist fold, but never inside. She wanted to watch it come
   out, she explained, and she bobbed her head eagerly, legs up,
   knees at my breasts, ankles flopping back and forth with my every
   thrust. With every stroke, her eyebrows raised, and her smile
   increased in anticipation, until finally with a desperately
   emotional fervent gesture, muscles taught to trembling from
   pushing and pulling at each other as my pelvis rode against hers,
   the trembling turned into convulsing, and I released my sperm and
   my self into her.

   Then there was the last one -- it must have been the fifth, while
   I was encircled once more by her ring of singularity. By now
   there was only sex. Neither of us had any identity any more,
   neither she young nor I old, but only the cause of loving orgasm.
   It was, if possible, even more intense than any that had come
   before. Brilliant colorful lights burst like fireworks across the
   network of my synapses, across the field of my vision and the
   skin of my feeling, tasting and smelling. I felt her, too,
   tremble and convulse, surrendering as never before.

   It was when the rhythm came to a halt that we both noticed the
   supernal buzzing, the humming. Sitting up, we could see that the
   sound emanated from the electrified shimmering light radiating
   from within all of the threads that had been surrounding us in
   the form of the blanket given by the old Indian lady. Unified
   into a dancing grid, in the blanket upon which we had made love,
   upon which we now lay, the threads were charged with the
   spiritual energy of our sexuality, our partnership.

   Then as we watched, it levitated, with us on top of it. First,
   the corners lifted up, then we felt a force beneath us like the
   palm of the hand of a gentle giant. Higher and higher we rose on
   our magic carpet, and soon the entire blanket was no less than
   ten metres off the ground! Level with nearby treetops. How
   different the world looked from up here! And below us, we gazed
   over the edge of the chasm, into the infinite abyss of the
   mysterious mosaic, now swirling and changing, a receding tunnel
   like three dimensional twin train tracks into an unknown beyond.

   As we gazed downward, we could see the black and white tiles of
   the mosaic shifting and changing, dancing like the snow on a
   turned-off TV. It came in and out of focus, but ever so briefly I
   saw the face. It was a woman's face, dark skin and hair deep as
   ebony, young, and with a regal countenance. But it soon faded
   into random static, as our shimmering blanket of enchantment
   lifted us higher and higher into the sky.

   Soon all we could see were the clouds. Then, the drifting shrouds
   curled around to form a face -- the same face of mesoamerican
   curves and proportions. She smiled at us, calmly, peacefully. I
   thought I was imagining, but I heard her voice. "My child, with
   you I am well pleased," she looked at my companion. "Also with
   you, my lover. You have done well. We shall soon be reunited."

   The next thing I remember, I woke up stark naked in the middle of
   the tile mosaic. Early daylight was coming on, and the birds were
   singing loudly in expectation of the bright lord of the daytime
   sky. Fortunately, the indica and hashish joint was still lying
   there, and there was a single match left in the book, which
   miraculously was enough to light the joint.

   I made it back to my room before too many people were around. I
   had to conceal myself -- as well as I could -- in the bushes
   while a group of girls walked by, fresh and chattering on their
   way to morning class. I was sure they would be offended by my
   nudity, but they seemed more curious, pretending not to notice,
   and a few of them exchanged excited whispers and flushed smiles.

   I soon arrived to my room, where fortunately my portable tape
   player lay waiting, but I never did find my pants.
     ____________________________________________________________

                                [Next]

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
