Title: ORF IV: Good And Bad Deeds
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Xavier watches the action at a local bar get hot.
Keywords: MF MF+ M+F mc

ORF Chapter IV: Good and Bad Deeds
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"Meanwhile, back at H.Q.," I said, wondering who I was talking to.
Cracking a smile, I stepped inside Seth's basement, our regional
headquarters. It's not waterproof and always smells a little like bit
like cabbage, but we don't need fancy offices to do our jobs.

"This is really starting to bother the hell out of me," Seth mumbled,
holding his forehead, as if he were having a severe headache. "Deletes
require so much work to fix. If the fuckers would just consider--just
think for a moment--about how much god damn shit we have to go through
to fix these fuckin' messes..."

"What, would you rather them just leave the family and friends of the
vics ("vics" is our little term for the mind-controlled victims) to
wonder about the whereabouts of their beloved friend or mate or what-
the-hell-ever? Looking and snooping around, maybe even being unlucky
enough to run into the captor and face a full-blown MC all alone? We
all know how that ends; you're gonna have people cutting off parts of
their bodies, jumping off cliffs or driving head-on into oncoming
traffic. Some sick fucks even make them murder other family members,
friends, or whatever and then make them confess!" That got Jenny's
attention. She was anxious for the job. She opened her mouth to speak,
and Seth stopped her with a hand gesture.

"You got the job, don't worry, Jen. You're good at this type of thing
and are less likely," he said, looking right at me, "to engage in the
very types of dalliances that we're here to protect people from." I
hung my head in mock shame, but I could still see the smile on his
face. At least, I thought it was a smile.

"Those dalliances make the job worthwhile!" I retorted, a bit more
seriously. "She gets to fix Deletes, and what do I get? Freaks! Pure
freaks. Women with ZZZ-size breasts--whatever the hell THAT means, I
mean, there's not even a bra made that size--that lactate a substance
that makes people obey the will of the vic's master. Contact
metamorphosis--like last week's job. Fuckin' programmed people with
telepathic progs written into their brains that make them a victim to
any nearby person who has the slightest thought about them! Give them
to Jenny dear here, and she'll be just like me in a few days. Besides,
I ask all the ladies, and I get no complaints." My justification
almost seemed legitimate to him. "Besides, it's too much trouble to
remove me from our little party over such little bouts of fun."

"Still, that doesn't justify actually granting powers on others. Vics
can be prone to revenge, especially when they've been... 'used...' in
a way in which most people cannot possibly fight."

"OK, OK, I promise," I said, holding my right hand high in the air,
"no more masses of hot bi chicks with powers." Jenny rolled her eyes.
She probably wanted to say more.

"Yeah, right," was all she said.

"I just wish you'd tone it down; there are enough supernaturally
beautiful, big-chested, sexually-charged bisexual women out there
without you making one or two more per job. But I think we're straying
from the point. It just bothers me that we allow folks to be deleted
at all. Deleters usually have an almost unlimited mental range, even
if all they can do at extended ranges is seek out specific memories
and 'wipe' them. Even if our range wasn't limited, and even if we
didn't have to rely on our own network and sympathetic MC's to do our
work, we would still have to invest a lot of time tracking and fixing
these problems in person. It's made me consider expanding again. In
this region alone..."

"Expanding? Are you fuckin' nuts!!? Don't you remember the wonderful
Mr. Bill?" I interrupted. "I can still hear him say "Oh, NOOOOO!" in
falsetto! Oh, expansion was a great idea for that fuck. As soon as he
was trained, off he went. Instead of actually doing his job, he
thought it'd be fun to let the MC's go at it... and we all know what
weapons an MC uses."

"Mr. X is right. That one battle of masses of norms cost dozens of
lives, lives that were hard to hide from existence. I'm not even sure
we got them all, and you're already talking about expanding. If the
wonderful Druids..." Jenny said before being interrupted.

"I wish you wouldn't call them that. They're not druids... although
they dress the part... anyway, I didn't need to be reminded of that
experience. It's just that Deletions are a pet peeve of mine. It's
always nice to see a former sex-slave returned to her kids and family
and friends. The look of relief when they're freed is wonderful, and
we even let them come up with an explanation for the missing time that
they can live with. Some even keep their new bodies if they want."

He looked at me right after he caught himself saying that, grabbed his
head, and sighed, feeling a headache coming on. He turned his
attention to Jenny. "Jenny, just take care of this case. As for you,"
he said looking at me again, "Take it easy on the norms. You were a
norm yourself. Certain factions are already asking for you to be
defrocked. Personally, I think that's going a bit far, but if enough
of them...."

"Alright, alright, point taken." I said, looking a little dejected. "I
will refrain from too much personal fun. But I might just do some
favors for all of male-kind...."

"Just be good," Jenny and Seth said, in unison and frustration.

"Well, I'm off," Jenny said, and walked out of my office. As she left,
I saw her transform into Ugly Woman, the ugly skank she went as when
she had MC cleaning to do. The last thing you want to do with a
Deleter is be pretty, 'cause they'll just try to get you, find out
that you're so much more powerful than them that they can't control
you, and then quickly hide their tracks and move on, usually via mass
suicide... or worse. Thankfully, Deleters usually don't have body-
altering powers, so the ugly ones are safe most of the time.

Since the meeting was over, Seth invited me to a small bar and grill
on the beachfront.

"Sure," I said. "I need some sun anyway. I like the city, but beaches
can be fun, too." I finished with a little giggle that undoubtedly
made his head hurt just a little more. Seeing his reaction, I simply
said, "don't worry. I won't touch anybody. Honest. I'll meat ya there,
okay?"

"Sure, but remember what I said. Be good. Don't screw with anybody for
a little while, understand?"

"Oh yeah," I said, actually looking serious. "I'm grounded for a week.
No fucking. I think I can manage." I was lying, but thankfully, not
even Orfers can read my mind without permission. * * * * * * * * * *

So, off I went. As I walked around on the beach, making pretty girls
flash me and sometimes making them play with themselves (they would
only quit when something drew their attention to what they were
doing), I thought about my--how did Seth put it, dalliances?--and
realized that I was certainly taking more risks these days, and ORF
members had been ousted before, a process that was not comfortable and
left the ex-member vulnerable to revenge attacks by some who had heard
of what happened to their fellow controller friends. So, I decided to
do a good deed for some norm somewhere... and after a minute or two
scanning around the beach, I found a sad guy.

His name was Will, and today was his birthday. He was married to a
sort-of average looking woman, Jude. She was a little overweight, but
not too bad. In a one-piece and lying on a towel next to him, I found
that what Will wants is a beautiful sexpot of a wife who is amazing in
bed and still is a great mother to the kids and wife to him. 'Isn't
that what every man wants?' I thought to myself, knowing that I could
provide Will with just that. Sitting on somebody's towel in the sand,
I went to work.

First, Will noticed that his wife fell fast asleep. A kindly older
lady, with a nudge from me, took the kids off his hands and led them
to the beach, where a lifeguard stood watching only the kids and the
old lady. Then, Will noticed (but could not question, thanks to me)
her bathing suit changing to a string bikini and a top that barely
covered her nipples. Right before his eyes, her belly went flat, her
tits got firm and a little higher (she'd never need to wear a bra
again) and just a bit bigger (Will liked them small, and her B cups
were just the right size), and her nipples got bigger and hard.

When her legs "magically" shaped up, she woke up, stretched, and then
stood up and did a turn for him. By now, nobody could notice what was
happening in a circle around them, thanks to my little privacy bubble.
At another push, Will pulled her bikini bottom aside and found that
her body from the neck down was hairless, except for her bush--it was
trimmed to a perfect triangle that would be hidden behind any bikini.
Again, it was just as Will liked it--he had always been a fan of hairy
pussy since he saw his first girlie magazine in the early 1980's.

"What happened to my body?" she asked, looking at herself. The changes
were so amazing that she didn't notice her suit was different, but I
wanted her to notice the changes. "Look at these... I look so..." she
started, but before she could say 'ridiculous,' she found herself
fondling her new super-sensitive tits, and as she did, her pussy got
so wet that you could see it on her suit. "ahhhhhh..." She stood
there, openly messaging her titties and pinching her nipples. Before
either of them knew it, she was completely naked and masturbating.

"Hey, don't forget me!" Will said. At that, she took his shorts off
and began to jack him off with one hand while the other rubbed her
pussy.  Soon, she had three fingers inside of herself and she began to
rapidly attack her own cunt. After bringing herself to an intense
orgasm, she lowered herself onto his hard cock, quivering as his
member filled her folds. Once she was squatting over him, with his
enhanced cock filling her, she held his hands for balance and hammered
into him with amazing speed.

And, right before he came, she clenched her pussy around his dick so
tightly that he wondered if would squeeze off his dick, although it
felt so good that he hardly cared at this point. "Unnnggh..." was the
only thing either could say.

They quickly got dressed, and their kids were returned to them. I
altered her reality so that she'd grown into her new body after
puberty hit her, but she would always remember what she had looked
like before this day. Just for fun, I put it in her head that Will had
changed her with his own power, but she would never mention it to
anyone. And, just like I had told Seth, I hadn't touched either of
them and he didn't force bisexuality on her.

Even though I could have changed reality so that her clothes were now
much skimpier (changing her reality so that she'd always had that body
and showed it off), I decided against it. After all, she deserved all
the fun of shopping for a new wardrobe. As I went to the bar where my
friend Jim and I usually drink, I wondered absently what she would
buy; her personality was 100% intact.

Having done my good deed for the day, I decided to meet up with Seth
at the bar & grill.  Seth had never visited, but knew about the
charged sign in the dressing room that temporarily changed the
waitresses into visual sexpots. But, as I arrived, I felt the familiar
reality-shift of a powerful but unidentified MC, and at least one
Orfer (the others appear on a mental radar as a mind that can't be
penetrated any more than a norm can penetrate another person's mind).

Something was odd. Looking at the Open/Close sign, I noticed a
telepathic image encrypted into the very wording of the sign--it was
charged!  Only a few non-orfers can do that, and I know Seth and Jim
didn't do this one. It caused female employees to go braless, wear
really tight tops, and to have a constant, nearly painful nipple
erection while they were in the building.  Mostly, it was redundant
given the charged sign I had planted in the changing room, so the
fellow wasn't too experienced and was probably visiting for the first
time.

But, there were some additions to the standard program: it also
tripled the sensitivity of their breasts and clits, and if a man or
woman to whom they were attracted touched their skin anywhere, it
would have a similar sensation as if they had rubbed their clits!
Needless to say, it also suggested open sex shows and complimentary
oral sex.  It was all very easy to notice; this guy was asking to get
caught and didn't even know it.

Then, I got a message from Seth--it said I should be on guard,
construct a cover personality, and to take no actions to fix the MC
alterations already in progress. The last time I had seen this warning
was when the only rogue to come from Seth's district, Mr. Bill, had
been located, waging two MC's against each other.

Since other ORF members can't detect anything more from other ORF
members than typical MC's detect from other MC's, I made up a quick
personality and went inside, just in case we had another rogue.

After eating a nice meal, getting the complimentary blowjob, and
watching the free lesbian fuck-fest between two hot, straight
waitresses on my table (in all fairness, there was some kind of sex
being performed on top of several tables), I asked Seth why he was
allowing this display.  After all, Mr. Rules and Regulations usually
didn't do any of this with anyone but his wife and their maid.

At first, I thought that he was just enjoying his blowjob as well. But
he pointed out that the MC who altered the workers here might be a
rogue Orfer, and that fixing the problem would probably give us away.
After a couple of minutes, though, he announced to me that it wasn't
an Orfer, but as close as one can get without being initiated.

"What are you talking about?" I said, absent mindedly brushing my
fingers on a female employee and making her quiver, much to her
surprise. The women who worked here could not understand why they
removed their bras and why they were so, uh, excitable while at work
today, as the instructions on the entrance sign specifically told them
to question why they did what they did.

With that out of the way, Seth gave his silent approval, allowing me
to probe around and find out what was going on and why. I noticed a
woman flirting with a couple of different cute guys at the bar. She
was planning on taking one of them to her apartment for an afternoon
quickie, despite the fact that her boyfriend was at home, looking for
a job after being fired unfairly--she even knew it was unfair! There
she was, at the bar, looking for a quick fuck because her boyfriend
(named Gary) was too depressed to fuck her. She wouldn't have to look
for long, though, because she was hot, perky tits, nice ass, pretty
face, blonde hair... she's got it all, naturally. I felt somebody take
her over just as I was about to continue scanning.

Tracing it back, I found that her boyfriend had just been given
incredible power--body-altering, mind-controlling power--and that he
had found her here trying to cheat on him. He planned on getting
revenge. Knowing who was actually in control--Seth and I--I let him go
to see what would happen.

First, she found herself turning around, facing her boyfriend's table,
unable to leave the bar, sandwiched between the two guys she was
teasing with glimpses down her blouse and by lightly brushing her tits
on their arms. They begin to grope her openly, and she couldn't even
whimper about it. He looked right at her and smiled, which made her
even more confused. He was the jealous type when the mood struck him,
and she didn't understand why he was allowing the mauling she was
getting.

The men daftly removed her bra from under her blouse... and start
twisting and tweaking her nipples. One reached his hand down the front
of her shorts and began to probe. The other noticed an open butter
packet nearby, lubed a finger, and inserted it into her anus after man
#1 finally got tired of dealing with the shorts and had removed them
and her panties. Although she was allowed free thought, she couldn't
say a word... or leave. She just swayed there, her body betraying her,
unable to cum.

"You can't do anything, and you won't cum for a week. Teasing other
guys to manipulate your boyfriend is rude, and must be punished. Let
this be a lesson: treat me right from now on," he spoke directly into
her mind. Having no other choice, she believed them.

What she couldn't believe was that two of the hottest waitresses had
just gone to her boyfriend's table and cupped their already nice tits
with their hands, almost offering them to him. She would have been in
a jealous fury herself--if she could just ignore the violation of her
most private parts below her waist. As the waitresses took off their
tops, the cheating gal saw the knockers exposed get bigger. Soon, they
went from C cups to DD cups, and the girl's bodies, already hairless
from my (now removed) sign, were soon voluptuous enough to grace any
magazine cover.

That got my attention--this guy could alter bodies almost as quickly
and smoothly as I could, although he simply lacked the ability to make
the change seem normal to the rest of the world. Like I said--he had
no experience.

As the bar dudes continued to violate the tease, she watched
helplessly as her boyfriend eagerly necked with the two women. Soon,
with his girlfriend at the bar, shaking because of the sexual pleasure
running through her but unable to cum, he took off every article of
clothing on his body and lay down on the floor. One girl sat on his
face, so he could probe her pussy and asshole with his tongue, while
the other got on her hands and feet (placing her honeypot right in
front of the other girl's mouth), bent over, and began to suck his
cock. What an imagination!  His mouth to her pussy, her mouth to the
other's pussy, and that one's mouth to his cock&mdash;genius!  This
one had no experience in control, but he sure knew what he wanted.

The girl sitting on his face moved the other aside after the guy had
licked her asshole to lube it up and impaled her asshole on his cock.
She started to slowly ride him while looking into his eyes, wondering
what she was doing, why she couldn't stop, and why it felt so great.
The other girl then sat on his face in a 69, sucking the clit of the
imapled girl as she bounced up and down on his now bigger pole.

He tapped the bouncing girl on the leg and set the one who he'd been
eating out on her back with her hips high. Changing to a dirty
missionary position, he began reaming her asshole while the other girl
put her brown eye right over the other's face. Enjoying the feeling of
being rimmed by her co-worker, she top gal leaned back and turned to
french kiss the strange man with whom she'd just lost her ass cherry.
When he was about to cum, he pulled out, and the girls got on their
knees. He shot the load onto their tits, and they rubbed it on their
skin as if it were lotion.

But, they didn't cum; at least, not yet. He lifted them from all
mental controls (they still had the physical alterations, though) and
only forced them to sit there, looking at each other. Their skin was
slick, but his ball batter was starting to dry. That made a sticky
mess that the girls wanted to wash off... if only they could move.
"Kiss each other while you stick a finger in each other's ass, and you
can cum," he told them.

They weren't bi, but very excited and flush with unresolved lust. They
needed release. They pecked each other on the check, but it didn't
work. They looked sidelong at him, and he lifted one eyebrow. The
freshly reamed one sighed, put out a finger with one hand, and grabbed
her friend's hand with the other. She personally made sure they
fingered each other's ass, and then planted a kiss on her friend right
on the lips. They came in a screeching crescendo and collapsed.

Feeling the foreign control lapse as the man started to leave, I had
the guys at the bar stop the assault--they would otherwise be fucking
with the poor wretch for a few more hours. Seth said to me, "No Orfer
here. Can you clean up and fix this place without any...."

"Dalliances? Yeah, sure. Hell, we both just busted a nut, and I'm good
for now. You want I should remove all the MC's instructions from the
sign?" I asked.

"OF COURSE!", he said, getting up to leave. "And make it quick--if
there's leanin' time, there's cleanin' time."

First, and much to my dismay, I removed the encryption from the signs
(many of them in here were psionically altered) and lifted the current
behavioral and physiological modifications from the females in the
building. Immediately, they stopped what they were doing and went to
change clothes. I forced a quick orgasm on the men and women who just
had their complimentary oral favors interrupted, and made it so nobody
would remember the sexual activities they had experienced in here.
Then I made my way to the bar.

Removing the restriction on the tease's orgasm, she came in a heaping
thud and fell face-first on the floor. I began my quick-fix. "You will
forget what you did today, and instead you'll remember having a nice
meal with your boyfriend." She was shaking and panting. I gave similar
commands to her boyfriend, who never made it out the door and didn't
even enjoy a full week of his powers.

As I left, I permanently increased the bust size of every female
employee and cute girl in the place by one cup size, something they
wouldn't notice at all but that everyone else who knew them would...
and inwardly laughing at the fact that they would really enjoy the
fact that their nipples were now twice as sexually sensitive as they
were. Not too much of a change, but none of the minds I scanned had a
problem with the changes and I'm sure they were going to enjoy them. I
still was having a problem with the fact that Seth couldn't tell right
away that this guy wasn't one of us.

Once I was home, I got a call from Jenny, describing her success,
several days later. Apparently, she was in her rental car and was
heading home. She cursed suddenly, saying she thought she had a flat
tire, and I let her go, knowing what trouble it is changing a tire...
or finding someone who will bend over backwards to do it for you when
you're miles from any civilization.

I figured she wouldn't have too much trouble, though. I told her to
maintain a false personality because there might be a rogue operating
nearby, although I don't know what made me say that, and when she said
she understood, I hung up the phone, reflecting on the afternoon and
on Mr. Bill.

This borderline rape of a girl wasn't uncommon with normal MC's, but
is very rare with Orfers. Seth really should have picked up on it. Was
he fading? It made me think of my recent experience in the park,
before the job on the Touchey girl ("Touchey" is what we call people
who change to satisfy whoever comes into contact with them)...
considering what I fixed, I figured that I was within my rights to
ball a couple of hot (now hotter) babes. Just then, the phone rang. I
let the machine get it.

"Hey Xavier, this is, well, me. My name isn't important. You're right
if you suspect a rogue is in operation, but who ever that rogue is,
you can bet that he won't advertise his identity by having fun at your
favorite bar. And, while rogue, he isn't from ORF. We'll talk later."

I wondered if Seth knew. After all, he was pretty cautious--maybe this
was some kind of test.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.
