 live in the apartments that are single level and separate
buildings. The backs of the buildings face each other with a large
yard between. Today is Monday. My buddy, Jiten, and I have the day
off work, one of those stupid holidays, when a neighbor's daughter
came home from school in the afternoon. I stopped and stared at her,
staring until she walked into her unlocked back door.
She was wearing her school uniform, and had her book bag over her
shoulder. She had long straight brown hair going down to the middle
of her back. From where I could see, she had little boobies.
Jiten laughed at me and said "Rajat, buddy, forget it. I don't think
she's old enough." With that said, we went inside my apartment and
put down a couple beers each. That night I laid awake in bed thinking
about her. I hadn't had sex for 2 years ever since my wife left me,
because of my roving eyes. Just thinking about her gave me a raging
hardon. I just rolled over and tried to get some sleep.
The next morning I called off sick from work. I had some homework
that I needed to do. I got up early and cased the joint. There was
only one car. It turned out that the father left them alone when she
was a little girl. The mom left for work at 7:00 am. She had a sexy
body, even though she was 40 years old. She kept herself in shape. I
went around the back of the building and the daughter left at 7:15
am, not locking the back door of the apartment. I waited until she
was out of sight. Making sure no one was around, I walked over to the
door and tested it. It wasn't locked. I walked in. I walked from the
basement to the first floor. The layout was the same as mine. I
immediately found her room. Set on her dresser were birthday cards.
The cards had sayings like "Happy 18th today" and "Happy Birthday
Chaaya". So, her name is Chaaya.
I took a look through her room. There was nothing unusual in the
dresser drawers. Went through her closet, and found nothing unusual.
So, this girl is in to clean living. But soon she was going to have
something to compare it to.
At that moment the phone rang. I stiffened in place. Then I heard the
answering machine pick up. "Chaaya, are you there...well anyway, this
is Banita, you know there's no school Friday. Can I come over Friday,
about 7:30? Give me a call. Bye." I thought "Damn, two for the price
of one."
Let me tell you about Banita. She had turned 18 a month ago. She went
to the same Catholic school as Chaaya. She was a real sexy, and her
hair length was down to the bottom of her neck. She kept it in curls,
using her natural wave. Both Chaaya and Banita had perfect, flawless
complexions. Neither girl wore makeup. They didn't need it, and
neither of them wanted to.
I had 2 days to get ready. I went out to get tape, rope, a sharp
cutting knife, and camouflage paint. Friday arrived, and I called off
of work again. I had a "relapse". As soon as the mom left, I went in
the back door. Apparently, they never locked it. I could hear Chaaya
walking around, cleaning up after breakfast. I snuck up the steps,
not sure where she was. I checked every room till I found her in her
bedroom. She was naked except for her panties from changing out of
her pajamas. "Perfect" I thought.
I snuck up behind her, and grabbed her around the waist and clamped a
hand over her mouth. She started struggling. I kept a tight hold on
her and told her "Settle down, and relax. Now be a good little girl.
No screaming, and no running away. I don't want to have to hurt you."
She replied "I'll be good." The she said, "Please, mister, we don't
have any money." I sat her in the chair in her bedroom and tied her
arms and legs to the chair. Her nipples were perted out, from her
fear. I asked "Does your mom have any jewelry?"
Chaaya said "I don't know" so I left the room pretending to search
the mother's room. It wasn't jewelry I was interested in, but I did
find a couple of interesting pieces, and put them in my pocket.
I walked back to Chaaya's room, and taped her mouth. It was almost
7:30, and Banita was due. I went to the dining room and brought in
another chair for Banita to sit in. Right on time. At exactly 7:30,
Banita walked in She called out "Chaaya!" No answer. Banita went
straight to Chaaya's room and saw her almost naked friend tied to a
chair. Her immediate reaction was to go to her friend to untie her.
Chaaya shook her head NO, and Banita could see the fear in her eyes.
Banita immediately understood, and got up ready to run. But it was
too late. I immediately grabbed hold of Banita, let her see the
knife, and told her to be a good girl. I moved her to the other
chair, and tied her arms and legs, and taped her mouth. I stood in
between the 2 girls facing them. I turned to Chaaya, and told her "I
didn't come here for money or jewelry. I came for something else."
Both girls looked confused until I started taking off my clothes.
Both girls tried to scream through the tape, but it was no use. When
I was undressed totally and showing a partially erect cock I
said, "Both you girls are very pretty and very sexy, but I want to
start with you, Chaaya" I walked over to Chaaya and knelt on the
floor. I began by softly licking one nipple and squeezing the other
tit with my hand. I was not rough with her. She let out an
involuntary moan. I asked her "Do you like it?" She shook her head
no. I replied, "You shake your head no, but your body says yes."
I untied her from the chair, stood her up and took the tape off of
her mouth. I tried to give her a tender kiss, but she turned her head
away, refusing to kiss. I threw her on the bed, and ripped her
panties off of her. I said to Chaaya "We'll have to do this the hard
way." I turned around and said to Banita "Think about it. Whether you
want it the easy way or the hard way."
By this time, my cock was completely hard. I retrieved the rope I had
used to tie her to the chair, and tied her arms above her head to the
headboard. Chaaya started thrashing about on the bed, and started to
scream. I quickly retrieved the tape that had been on her mouth, and
put it back in place.
Her thrashing legs were a good thing. I was able to get between her
legs, spreading them apart wide. I admired her furry cunt, and could
see her hairs glistening with a woman's moisture. I stroked her
pussy, and found her clit.
I said to Chaaya "I haven't fucked for 2 years, and I got a lot of
sperm built up." Chaaya tried to scream again through her tape.
I announced to Chaaya "Here it comes" I moved my cock to her cunt
opening, and put in just the head. I felt her tighten up a little,
and I could see tears welling up in her eyes. Then with a mighty
shove, I rammed in and popped her cherry. She tried to let out a
blood-curdling scream. It must have really hurt her.
I grumbled to her "It won't hurt any more." I gave mighty shoves into
her broken cunt. I thought I would climax quickly, but to my
surprise, it lasted longer than I remember. "Girl, I told you I have
a lot of sperm, and here it comes!" With that, I climaxed into
Chaaya, giving what seemed like a gallon of cum. I withdrew and
slumped on the bed next to her. She was no longer fighting.
She was defeated, and she knew it. I got up, untied her from the bed,
and retied her to the chair.
I walked over to Banita, and said to her "Well, I hope you thought
about it. Do you want it the easy way, or the hard way like you saw
your friend?" as I removed the tape from her mouth.
She answered "I want it the easy way. I'll cooperate fully. I don't
want to be hurt" I asked her "I still have a lot of sperm left to
give you. Are you a virgin too? " Banita answered "Yes I am"
I walked over to Banita. Her mouth was the same level as my cock. I
told her "You're going to suck my cock, and swallow every drop".
Banita opened her mouth and I put my partially swollen cock in. She
sucked slowly at first getting used to the taste of a cock covered
with woman's cum. I got hard again quickly. Her mouth was so smooth,
soft and velvety. I began fucking her mouth fast. Because her mouth
was so sexy, I came quickly and shot my load into her mouth. She
played with my load with her tongue, then swallowed the entire load.
I untied Banita and led her to the edge of the bed and told her "Put
on a strip show for us" and sat down in the chair that Banita was on.
Banita sat on the edge of the bed and took off her shoes and
stockings, and then stood up again. She was nervous and fumbled with
the buttons on her blouse. She slowly slid her blouse off her
shoulders and let it drop to the floor. The she fumbled with the
button and zipper on her skirt and let it drop to the floor and
stepped out of it, kicking it aside.
I got up, walked over to Banita and told her "Let me finish." I put
my hands at the side of her face, and brushed back her hair. I bent
over and gave her a tender kiss and to my surprise she kissed back.
She looked into my eyes and told me "It's too bad you're my rapist.
We could have been lovers". Then she put her arms around me and
pulled me close for a wet, sexy kiss.
I put my arms around her and unhooked her bra. She took her arms from
around me and removed her bra. Her nipples were erect. As I sucked on
one nipple, I put my hand on the other, kneading it. I also gently
pulled and twisted her nipples. Then I switched to the other side.
She was gently moaning.
She reached her arms down and began sliding off her panties. They
fell easily to her ankles, and she kicked them aside. I instructed
Banita "Stand beside the bed." She turned and walked over to the bed,
and I watched her ass move. It was like poetry in motion. Then she
turned around and stood, putting her hands behind her head and I was
staring at her beautiful patch of fur between her legs. She had such
a breathtaking body. She had the most fantastic body I had ever seen.
My cock was stone hard, ready to fuck Banita, the most beautiful
teenager in the world. I walked over to Banita, turned her around,
and bent her over placing her hands on the bed. There was her
beautiful ass beckoning me to fuck her. She begged to me "No, please.
I always wanted my first time to be flat on my back". I wanted to
please as much as possible this perfect goddess. I told her "OK. But
your next fuck will be my way." She laid flat on her back, and opened
her legs lifting them up. I climbed onto the bed with her, and
positioned myself between her legs. I didn't want to hurt her too
badly. I spread open her pussy lips, and eased my cockhead in. I
began pushing in with slow steady strokes. I reached her hymen, and
tried to be gentle. I pushed firmly against it, and gently opened it.
Banita was no longer a virgin. She let out a moaning scream at the
loss. I continued making love to the beautiful woman. She was totally
enjoying her first fuck, and I could feel the heat of her building
climax.
I breathed out to Banita "I'm gonna cum inside you."
Banita breathed back "Yes stud, cum in me...make me pregnant." With
that statement I shot my load in her belly, and it splashed against
her cervix. She screamed out with her first climax. It was all so
beautiful.
I climbed off of Banita and told her "You just lay there for a moment
so my sperm can start swimming looking for your egg." Then I turned
to Chaaya and told her "See how easy that was. You didn't need to
fight me."
It was now nearing noon time. I took Banita to the bathroom first,
and Banita and I fixed ourselves lunch, leaving Chaaya tied to her
chair. When Banita finished, then I did the same for Chaaya, tying
Banita to her chair.
At that moment, the phone rang. The answering machine picked it up.
It said, "Chaaya, this is mom. I decided to come home early and spend
some time with you; I'll be home in half an hour. Love you."
Chaaya pleaded, "Please leave before she gets home."
I took Chaaya back to her room and retied her to her chair. I looked
at Chaaya and said "Mommy's on her way home. It will be a triple
play."
Exactly a half hour later, mommy comes home and shouts out "Chaaya,
I'm home!...Chaaya?" She walks to her daughter's room, and sees her
daughter tied to a chair, and the frightened look in her daughter's
eyes. Mom immediately senses danger, and decides to run. I was hiding
behind the door, and as soon as she starts to run, I take off after
her, catching her before she makes it to the door. I drag mommy by
her hair back to her daughter's room. She sees both her daughter and
her daughter's friend tied to chairs. I tell mommy "They were both
fun, and now it's your turn. You know what to do."
Mommy immediately started getting undressed, and was soon totally
naked. She was trembling with fear. (I later find out mommy's name is
Pramila)
I spent little time with Pramila. I force her to her knees, and order
her "Suck me till I'm hard" It only takes me a minute to get hard in
her mouth. I grab her hard and throw her on the bed, telling her to
get on all fours. I ask Pramila "Have you ever been butt fucked
before?" She cries out, "No, not there!" I put my cock at her rosy
pink opening and push my cock in. She cries out in pain, "No, Please
stop. It hurts too much." I only give her a few thrusts in her butt,
wanting to dump my sperm elsewhere. I take my cock out of her ass,
and immediately shove it into Pramila's cunt. She was tight, and I
could tell she hadn't been fucked for a very long time. Her pussy
hadn't lubricated her, and a dry fuck was uncomfortable for the both
of us, but it wasn't her comfort I was concerned about. So I took my
cock out of her pussy and moved up to her mouth. I told her "Open
wide" and I put my cock in her mouth. It only took me a few minutes
to cum, not because she was hot, but I wanted to get it over with
with her. She choked a little on my cum dump. I threw her off the bed
and onto the floor. I ordered her "Untie Banita, and sit in her
chair." Then I told Banita "Banita, you'll tie her up real tight then
come over to me."
I sat on the edge of the bed supervising the untying and retying.
Banita came over to me and I motioned to her to sit on my lap. I told
her "you're the most beautiful and sexiest teenager I've ever known,
and I think I fallen in love with you. It's too bad I can't take you
with me. But I also know we'll both get over it."
She gave me a very tender kiss, and whispered "Please fuck me again.
I really want it." She bent over the edge of the bed with her ass
inviting me in. My cock was ready for this dove. I went over to
Banita, and pushed my engorged cock in her pussy with one mighty
shove. Banita cried out "Aaahhhhhh..................It hurts so
good." Her pussy is so warm, so soft and velvety around my cock. I'm
giving her loving thrusts, not hard rapes that I gave to Chaaya and
mommy.
I ask Banita "Do you want my cum in your pussy or your mouth?" She
answered me "I wish you could give me both."
I answered back to her "Maybe I can give you both, 'cause here I come
nowwwwww..........................."
I give her a good shot of cum filled with my sperm, then I pull out
and quickly move to her mouth, and give her a shot of cum in her
mouth. She plays with my cum with her tongue, and spits some out,
blowing a bubble with it, then puts it all back into her mouth and
swallows it all.
I get off the bed and get dressed, telling the girls "Well, I'm all
fucked out. I hope you two girls end up getting knocked up."
Banita gets up off the bed and runs over to me "Please, will I ever
see you again?"



I answer her "You can count on it."

