Lukas closed his eyes, wishing he hadn't said what he did before he left. “No. It felt that way.” He rolled onto his stomach. "I haven't been as open and honest with you as I hoped I would be.” He bunched a pillow under his cheek. “I had all this conversation in my head, but I get here... I see you... and I got scared and clammed up. I know you have your own life and stuff to work through. It's a sure thing you would never have known anything was wrong with me had I not said a word." 

"Will you?" Ben scrunched down on his own pillow.

"What?"

"Tell me?"

"Yes. Eventually."

Ben slid over, coming as near as he could without touching any of Lukas' body parts. That is if he didn't reach out. He did, though, innocently cupping Lukas' shoulder joint. The skin was warm, soft. He realized how long it had been since he and Michael had sex. Ben wasn't horny... he was highly aware of Lukas. The situation was heightened, the emotions ran deep; the dark was making things private and sensual and being in bed with Lukas was very stimulating. Ben's hand moved the material of the comforter down further on Lukas' naked back.

Lukas nuzzled the pillow, he possibly inched over more toward Ben. Their legs now touched. He felt the tentative caress on his skin. Lukas was more than horny, by now. He'd been fighting with emotions since he'd arrived a few weeks ago. And he had finally come to a conclusion that he'd never truly gotten rid of his dormant feelings for Ben. Hadn't shorted his love for Danny any. This was one of Lukas' biggest revelations and one of the main reasons why he was in Pittsburgh.

The longer the touching of his skin was allowed, the more daring Ben became. He bent low to brush lips over the tan flesh, tasting salt and musky scents. As his mouth played over the skin, Lukas turned on his left side. Ben's hand went to slide over the rib cage, circling the chest. He let his lips take a leisurely trail down the curved spine to the lumbar portion of the back. Lukas sucked in a breath as he felt Ben's hand stop at the waistband of his underwear.

Ben went no further, having listened to what Lukas said earlier. Ben still loved Michael, wanted to rebuild whatever they had lost. The idea for the threesome was something Ben couldn't forget easily. He, too, didn't think it was fair to complicate Lukas' life with all his own problems. “I'm sorry. You were right.” He returned back up the spine to nuzzle his face in the side of Lukas' neck and shoulder. "Once we do anything, it's going to escalate into something more."

"Does that scare you?" Lukas asked in a hushed tone. All sense of joking gone.

"Yes."

"Do you want it to happen?"

"Yes. More than I should." Ben leaned his brow between Lukas' shoulder blades. "I love Michael."

Lukas was thankful Ben couldn't see his face or his eyes. The darkness protected him well. "You never answered my question."

"Which was?"

"Do you... love me?"

Ben hesitated because he was realizing something quite profound. All this time of ridiculing Michael, brushing off his explanations as empty appeasement... and Ben was feeling the same exact way. He wrapped both arms securely about Lukas' frame, pulling him to his chest. He tucked his face over Lukas' right shoulder, nudging then settling his cheek on Lukas' rough stubble. "I'm not sure I ever stopped, Luke."

Lukas let out a strangled chuckle, closing his eyes in sweet misery. He lay his arm with Ben's around himself. He took possession of one of Ben's hands to guide him. He was showing Ben what he wanted, what he needed, at this very moment. Once they reached the elastic waistband, he knew Ben would know what to do next. Lukas whimpered softly against the pillow as he felt the strong hand sift through the pubic hair then grab his throbbing erection. He instinctively pushed backward, feeling Ben's own length on his bottom.

The strokes weren't fast or rough, they were gentle and long-lasting. They were so good they made Lukas clutch at the sheets. He admitted he liked the raunchiness of masturbating through clothes, but he was beginning to feel like he didn't want any barriers between his skin and Ben.

Ben watched Lukas pull away to take off the last piece of clothing before he was completely nude. Ben lifted his torso up to grab the hem of his t-shirt, yanking it off his body. He didn't have time to mess with his underwear and gym shorts, Lukas had pushed him over to lay on his back, straddling him. Ben rose up, his immediate reaction was to do everything possible to protect Lukas from getting infected by him. "Luke, I'm not sure if they're any condoms in this room."

Lukas soothed Ben's shoulders, rubbing down his muscular arms. "There weren't any. I have some with me, in my bag... somewhere." He stared down into frantic blue eyes. He cupped Ben's face from under his chin. "I know what you're doing, Jamie. I'm touched you care for me that much, but... I do know how to have safe sex with an HIV Poz guy."

"I'm just..." Ben quickly hugged Lukas to his naked chest, his cheek pressed to the chest hair. "... if something should happen to you because of me... I'd..."

Lukas soothed the back of Ben's neck, hooking an arm about the huge expanse of shoulders. "Got it. Understand. Please don't be this paranoid every time."

"I'm sorry." Ben pulled away, looking up at Lukas' darkening green gaze. He loved the way the hands caressed his face and scalp. "Did I kill your 'buzz'?"

"No... wanna see for yourself?" Lukas squeezed their bodies together, thrusting his groin into Ben's stomach. The contact was near lethal. He moaned out his pleasure, burying his face in Ben's hair. "...ogh... god... yeah..."

Ben did glance down, between their bodies, to see Lukas' erection. "Impressive." One hand lay just on the upper curve to Lukas' backside.

"Why... thank you..."

"I meant... keeping your hard-on."

"I know... still... thank you." Lukas leaned down to crawl on his hands, forcing Ben to lay down on his back. "Now... finish what you started... so I can go to sleep..." He hovered around Ben's mouth, slipping to his neck, moving over the right shoulder.

"Oh... so romantic..."

"It's me, Jamie. You know I don't do romance."

"What are we doing?" Both of Ben's hands cupped Lukas' rear, sliding down the backs of his thick thighs.

"I don't know about you. I plan on having an orgasm soon. With or without you." Lukas laughed along with Ben as he watched the eyes crinkle with humor. It was almost the laugh Ben reserved for only him, almost. "Then I'm going to sleep. You can join me in any of those tasks, if you like."

"What if I need you?"

"But, Jamie... you're Superman... you don't need anybody. Especially me."

Ben went quiet, contemplative. Hurt. "Luke... don't joke like that."

“Why not? It's true.” Luke planted a hand on either side of Ben's head, looking intently into his eyes. "How much of your HIV Poz life have you let Michael in on?"

Ben shut his eyes, knowing if Lukas knew how much Michael didn't know then it would be yet another reason to preach to him. "That's not important."

"Oh... right. Don't bother him, because what does he care if he falls asleep one night and wakes up to learn the meds aren't working or they've counteracted each other putting you in the ER? You'll only be dead or close to death." Lukas grabbed Ben's chin making him look directly at him. "He loves you... he's your boyfriend... and he wants to build a life with you. Why is there a need to keep secrets? You know he knows exactly what you're going through. Why keep him in the dark with your sickness?"

Ben glanced away, sighing. "Vic's... his case is not the same as mine. Vic isn't like me. He deals with his disease in a different manner..."

"Again... with this fuckin' superhero act. Do you think this impresses Michael? Or men in general? Or does it make you feel all superior to know just a little bit more than your younger boyfriends?"

Ben removed his hands to stretch his arms out from his sides. "I'm not keeping quiet to make him feel ignorant."

"Then why not let him help you? Because when you do get sick... like Danny eventually did with me... guess who's fuckin' left to take care of you?" Lukas moved to pick up Ben's wrists and pinned them above his head on the pillows. "Always gotta be the tough guy, huh? Love who you want, don't let anybody too close or they'll get burned."

Ben wasn't struggling, he simply didn't like it when Lukas did this... spoke truths directly to his face. His honesty almost reminded him of Brian. It frightened Ben to realize how much he had depended on this in his life years ago. It made sense now why Michael was with Brian all these years. "I can't... I won't... I already feel out of control since being diagnosed. I have to have one aspect of my life that's my own."

"You... are warped. You're also a liar and a hypocrite."

Ben hated it when Lukas called him names. It was why he never fathomed Lukas liking him or being attracted to him if he found so many faults to dislike. But then again... Lukas pointed them out, but he also knew how to curb them and control them to make Ben look halfway human. "How so?"

"One aspect? Jamie... you've been hiding this research on Brian for three months. You just now told Michael about your job situation."

"How am I a hypocrite?"

"Brian and Michael. That was the one thing Michael had apart from you that you couldn't touch. But you wanted in. You wanted to understand him and his love for Kinney."

Ben began to fight a little to be released from Lukas' grip. "My illness is far more important than Brian being in Michael's life."

"For you, maybe. But for Michael..." Lukas shook his head in sadness. "... not so. You've messed around in the one place in Michael's life that was off limits. And you won't leave it alone." He loosened his clutch, slightly, pushing up. "I won't be surprised if Michael's gonna turn out to be more different than you thought. And... solely supportive on Brian's side."

"Right now..." Ben suddenly flipped them over, landing Lukas on his back, naked and defenseless. "... neither of them are on my mind." He settled between Lukas' thighs, feeling them spread wide. “I can't think about Michael at this point.”

"Why... not...?" Lukas was a little shocked by Ben's aggressive behavior in bed. He didn't look like a man who had rough sex or liked it. Though the way he was acting now it sure made the idea cross his mind. Lukas hadn't once lost his stiffness, in fact he'd gotten harder as he talked more with Ben. He could even feel Ben's cock rubbing against his groin through the thin clothing.

"I'm not leaving you... this bed... this apartment... until you tell me what's wrong. Why you're here. Why you need me."

Lukas kept his own hands by his head, thrusting up to meet Ben. "Doesn't mean I can't leave you." He didn't know why he kept regretting those kind of admissions, because they made Ben look so hurt and guilty. But this time, there was a new fire behind Ben's blue eyes.

"That's... gonna be a problem." 

"Oh? Why?"

"Because..." Ben tucked both arms around Lukas' body from underneath his back. "... there's no way I'm letting you go, now." He bent to attack Lukas' long neck, sliding up behind his ear.

"... ugh... Jamie..." Lukas brought up his hands to cup Ben's shoulders, then slid them down the long muscular back. He hooked one leg around Ben's leg.

"... say my name..." Ben trailed kisses down Lukas' chest, nuzzling the soft chest hairs.

"I just did."

"No. That's your name for me. Say my full first name."

Lukas blinked slowly, staring up at the ceiling. "Why?"

"I wanna hear it." Ben moved to a dark pink nipple, licked the nib and blew on it.

"Uh... it's a mouthful..."

Ben smirked, and lightly snickered. "That... was a loaded comment, if I ever heard one." He went to the other nipple, giving it the same attention as the first.

"Jamie..." Lukas discovered for every wrong name he said, Ben would grind his hips against him. Not only that... he was kissing down his chest, rubbing his nose over his skin. Lukas would let out a long moan of pleasure after every thrust. He tried to think of all the wrong names he could say before he got to the one Ben wanted to hear. "... Ben... ughah... Benji... ugh-gah... yes..." That one got two thrusts, only because it grated Ben's nerves to hear it. "... Ben-Jah-Man... ughagh..." And one last one for good measure. "... Been Jammin!"

“You still remember that?” Ben paused looking down at Lukas. "I hated it. So lame."

“We were drunk... bored...” Lukas shrugged, coming up with the best explanation he could. "… and maybe high... and really bored. Hard to recall when you keep kissing my chest and thrusting at me like this."

"You like it? I'll keep doing it."

"Take off the rest of your clothes."

Ben went quiet and still. "No... I'm not. Not now, I'm not ready."

Lukas brought his hands up to cup Ben's worried face. "Neither am I. I only need the contact of your skin." He soothed the back of his hand over Ben's smooth cheek then down his neck to his chest. "... feel how hard you are for me..." At that, he felt Ben roll his hips down. "... let you feel me... how my body..." He lifted his head slightly, lips on Ben's bottom lip. "... trembles for your touch..." Ben let his forehead rest on his brow. "... how simply hearing your voice... looking at you and your eyes... can make me cum..."

"Luke..." Ben closed his eyes, wanting to savor every word out of Lukas' mouth. He wasn't really asking for much, but it was enough to start something between them.

"No sex. No penetration... and no fears you'll infect me."

"But I... Michael... he..."

"If you still believe Michael isn't with Brian, as we speak... then you deserve to get your heart broken and stepped on. You gave them a night they wouldn't ever forget. You aren't on the best speaking terms with Michael. And you canceled out on him to be with me tonight. You said it yourself, Michael's no saint. I know where I'd be if I was him. But I'm not him... I'm me... and my wish is to be here... with you. I'm taking advantage of the moments I do get, while I'm still here."

"I thought you only wanted me to come to your bed without attachments and baggage?"

"I may have been hasty in that decision. I... don't want to completely lose my place by your side."

"You can't. You won't. Ever."

"Besides... I have a keen feeling about that threesome when or if it should happen."

"Oh? What?"

"I'm sorry." Lukas shook his head pouting. "Can't tell you that. It's the one thing in my life I have as my own that I can control. You can't know all my secrets."

"Fine. You'll tell me eventually. You're too cocky for your own good."

"Speaking... of cocks..."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Brian walked slower to allow Michael to catch up with him as they parked and left the Jeep. The usual waiting in line to get into Babylon was in their sights. Michael almost kept one step behind, off to Brian's right. They could hear the muffled "thumpa-thumpa" in the distance. Brian crept along the alleyway as they reached the end of the line, standing behind a group of four young gay men. Looked as if this might be their first time here or they'd only been a couple of times in the last few months.

Rural out-of-towners. Young men who lived within a fifty mile radius and had heard from friends or the gay gossip circuit that Liberty Avenue, in Pittsburgh, Pa... was every young homo's dream come true. They had to go to Babylon simply to have the experience.

The air was growing chilly. When people spoke, you could see the fog from the heat of their mouth. When they went on conversing, they were shivering so much their teeth chattered.

Brian smiled as he moved up the line, because Michael did this "I gotta pee" dance to keep warm. He tapped out a cigarette, being silly in offering Michael one from the carton. Michael made a sick face, shaking his head. He moved up to huddle near Brian's back, hoping to gain some heat by simply standing next to him. His hands were tucked in his jacket pockets. At one point, the line didn't move for more than six minutes, so they were at a stand still. Brian went to lean his back on the brick wall. Michael wandered over, hunching over to settle at Brian's front. His head kept lowering more and more toward Brian's chest.
Brian put his cigarette in his mouth, wrapping his arm about Michael's shoulders, snuggling the tiny body close to his frame. He kept both hands free so he could rub some heat into Michael's biceps and back. After awhile, Michael rested his cheek on Brian's chest, the leather smell trapping him. Plus the harder Brian rubbed him, warmth and lust grew. Brian curled his head up and over Michael's head, keeping him under his chin.

They didn't talk much, only because what more could they say right now? They knew what would happen and truly they wanted private conversations saved for when they were really alone. If they were quiet enough, they could faintly hear the discussion going on in front of them.

Boy 1 : "Check out the hotties behind us... seven o'clock..." 

Boy 2 : "Don't look!" 

Boy 3 : "Well... what do I do when he says 'check out'?" 

Boy 4 : "Oh... my... yes... nice, nice... even as a pair." 

Boy 3 : "I hope they all look like that inside the club."

Boy 2 : "Why don't you just...?" 

Boy 1 : "Uhm, Hello?" 

Boy 3 : "Yeah... boyfriends... can't you tell?" 

Brian and Michael smirked, chuckling separately, then looked at one another. Hazel shined down on brown. Brian squinted to suck at the filter, then blew out the smoke from the side of his mouth. One eyebrow raised in curiosity. Michael glanced at Brian under his dark lashes, a bit bashful at being "spotted", so easily read. Brian locked his arms tight about Michael's body, across his arms, imprisoning him closer. Michael couldn't do anything with his head but lay it down on the front of the leather jacket. He turned to look in the other direction, away from the young men watching them.

Boy 2 : "Shit! See the way he looks at him." 

Boy 3 : "How 'bout the way HE's holding HIM?" 

Boy 4 : "Awwww... that's so sweet. You know they're gonna last." 

Boy 1 : "That's love, baby. See... it IS possible for us." 

Brian hands slid down to latch onto Michael's belt loops on the jeans. He brought one hand up to extinguish his cigarette. Then he went back to tucking his hands inside the back pockets of the jeans, cupping Michael's rear.

Boy 2 : "Love? What do you know about it?" 

Boy 1 : "Plenty." 

Boy 4 : "And he has three boy toys at school to prove it." 

Boy 1 : "Oh please. THEY don't even count." 

Boy 3 : "Yeah... I'm so tired of straight boys who love gay boys. I want a real gay man who likes me... for me." 

The line moved a little. Brian kept Michael close, walking with his arm around him. Then moved to lean on another part of the brick wall, hugging Michael back to his chest.

Boy 4 : "You mean... real gay men like the ones behind us...?" 

Michael lifted his head to gaze up at Brian, his eyes moved to look at Brian's lips. Brian raised his eyebrows in wonderment and awe. Michael rolled his eyes, he reached up to grab Brian's jacket collar and drag him down for a kiss.

Boy 1 : "Oh... my... I think I love this place already!" 

Boy 3 : "Gay boys and men in love kissing. So fuckin' hott!!" 

Boy 2 : "It's like Gay Day at Disney." 

Boy 4 : "Why don't we live here instead of Boresville, PA?" 

Boy 2 : "Uhm... because none of us have jobs that pay money so we can get the fuck out while the gettin's good..." 

Boy 3 : "Whoa! I'm horny!" 

Boy 2 : "Are they coming up for air anytime soon?"

Boy 1 : "I think it's sexy." 

Boy 3 : "They look damn good together. I would mind peeking in between their sheets."

Boy 4 : "I wonder if they're good dancers." 

Boy 2 : "No... uh-nah... neither of them are letting YOU getting between THAT with a 10ft pole."

Boy 3 : "Hey... why is it a 10ft pole? Wouldn't 5ft suffice? We've already established it's a large distance. Why 10? That's like... five more than five."

Boy 2 : "Dude, you've got a dizzying intellect that comes out at the worst possible moments."

Boy 3 : "I'm nervous... and I like ponderables." 

Boy 4 : "I think... I think they're married." 

Brian had been leaning his forehead on Michael's brow, sliding over to lay the side of his face on Michael's cheek.

Boy 2 : "Huh?"

Boy 1 : "What?" 

Boy 4 : "I want them to be married, the men behind us. I just... they make me feel happy." 

Boy 3 : "Why do you think they're married?" 

Boy 2 : "Yeah... they don't have rings or anything distinguishing..." 

Boy 4 : "I just think they are. If they aren't, I think they should be." 

Boy 2 : "Maybe you should turn around and tell them. I'm sure they've heard every word we're saying." 

The line shifted, moving faster as more patrons were allowed inside Babylon. Brian pulled away, walking with Michael under his arm. He kept his head glued to Michael left ear. "A ringing endorsement from complete strangers. Are we flattered? Or should we kick their asses?" Michael bowed his head, his eyes closed. "Do you feel better?" He brought over his left hand to reach under Michael's jacket hem. He soothed his belly.

"I'm a little better."

"We really don't have to do this, if you don't want. I'm good with what we did back at the apartment. We can just be here at Babylon, like usual."

"Brian... the usual is me dancing with you until you find some twink to drag into the backroom. I don't want usual. I'm agreeable with my damn fantasy playing out."

"Wow... sorry I asked..." Brian snickered, standing by Michael's side as they moved up the line.

"I'm committed to this line. Once we get in, I'll be warm. Once I unfreeze, I'll start dancing with you. Then, I know, I'll really feel much better. A few songs on the dance floor... I might end up dragging you to the backroom." Michael turned his body so Brian could feel how hard he still was under his jeans, through the leather pant leg.

"I know a few people who'd pay to see that happen." Brian smirked, bending his head to sneak a nuzzle with Michael's hair and ear. God... he smelled... fantastic.

Michael let his right hand caress over Brian's chest, then move up to soothe his cheek. "I'm not here to humiliate you. Knock you down a peg or two. Your reputation at Babylon was never what made me love you... or want you."

Brian had to swallow the lump in his throat, never knowing he could get emotionally sentimental waiting to get into Babylon. "What if I asked you? I whisper low in your ear that I think it's time we strolled back there? And I happen to want you to lead me through all the crowds of sweaty, half-naked men? Because... I like watching you take charge over me... and my body?"

Michael seriously contemplated the questions, reaching up his right hand to grab Brian's right hand on his shoulder. "Are you begging me or asking me nicely?"

"What I'm wondering is... how this fuckin' fantasy starts..."

"Oh... much like it is now." Michael secretly smiled, knowing a lot more than what he was telling Brian. "At some point, during the night, I jump forefront, while you step back. Everybody wants me, now... but I shun them. You get jealous... mad-possessive, wanting no one to have me, but you."

"Uh-huh... and then..." Brian liked the scenario so far.

"Justin. He bumps into us... tries to steal you away."

Brian paused for a minute, not liking this portion. "No. Won't happen. But... tell me... what do you end up doing to him?"

"Nothing I wouldn't consider in real life. I don't go all West Side Story on him."

Brian chuckled at the West Side Story reference. "Sounds like what you'd do naturally."

"You and I dance. For hours. We're both perspiring and out of breath, almost like when we have sex. In fact, we've practically come close to having sex on the dance floor. We've drawn this audience... and it's like they're feeding off our... uhm, energy. They don't really stare at us as much as admire how great we look together... wondering if this will be the night we finally succumb to one another..."

"... 'succumb' that's a really good word. Nice. Again... possible. Could happen. What else?"

"Well... I'm shy and coy. You, on the other hand, need me, like... NOW. And I'm so apprehensive about us that you have to throw me over your shoulder."

"I'm not forcing myself on you? You really want me?" Brian furrowed his brow in worry.

"Oh, yeah! This is the 'role' I play in sex between us. The Submissive One. But... oddly, I'm in complete control of you. I know how much you want me. It turns me on to see how much you need me." Michael looked away from Brian, his mind wandering. His dick harder and harder at the images conjured.

"Uhm... oh-kay..." Brian had to blink or freeze his eyeballs in shock. "I'll agree into being hott for your body, but..." He shook his head, unsure if he'd think of himself as "helpless" without having Michael or addicted to the sex they had together.

Michael faced Brian directly, catching the hazel eyes deepening. They were already on their way to finishing their night together, almost close enough to more sex in the backroom, fulfilling Michael's fantasy. So... eh, why the fuck not... "You open my jeans, yank them down... rip off my underwear and give me a really really nice blowjob. You beg me to cum in your mouth. I don't want to, but you keep sucking me, milking me for every drop of semen I can give you. Once I've spent myself, I bend down to kiss you, you come up to kiss me. And we're both sharing and swallowing my cum. Then... you roughly turn me over on the wall, pin my hands to the surface. My legs are spread wide and you don't even bother fingering me... you just BLAM!!... you're in me... and you're thrusting and pounding. You're groaning, I'm moaning... and I beg you to fuck me harder. You tell me you're cumming and -- this is usually when my bedside alarm would go off... so I'm only assuming you had an orgasm inside me, because... well, I wake up... pretty darn happy..." He shrugged as if he hadn't said anything so graphically disturbing. "I've never been able to finish that fantasy.

Brian gulped, eyes wide. "There's more than one?!"

"Always." Michael lifted his eyes to Brian frightened face.

"Uhm... don't mean to be a downer, but... we're only doing one tonight."

Michael chuckled, snuggling into Brian's chest. "I know. I'm good with that."

"Swell." Brian kissed Michael's brow, feeling his body throb with sexual want of his best friend.

"Peachy."

"Nifty."

The line moved and so did they... but they butted up against the four young men intently staring at them... mouths agape and jaws locked in one position.

"Oops... sorry, boys..." Michael called out with a bit of laughter. He could tell that they had heard every word out of his mouth.

Four wide smiles spread over four young and adorable faces... as four pairs of wide, hungry eyes stared down Michael.

Michael lost his smile, slipping behind Brian's body, peeking over his right shoulder. "Oh... my god..."

"Nice going, Mikey. I think they want you." Brian looked over at the dark head laying on his shoulder blade. "Congratulations ... your fantasy has now officially begun..."

~~TBC...