Victor senses a pattern in how the game works and tests it.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 2 (mf, mF, MF, 1st, blackmail, Fdom, interr, mc, oral, impreg?, reluc, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

At lunchtime at school, I pulled my phone out and logged into SpiritWalk's Master Console. As I queued up another rare spirit, I felt my cock getting hard. Why was that happening? I didn't find the cartoonish spirits sexy. Then I thought about it...the two blowjobs, and then sex with my sister...

...had happened right after I spawned and bound a rare spirit! I was experiencing the classic Pavlovian response where always ringing a bell when it was dinner time made a dog salivate at the sound! And in this case, it was my penis that was salivating, so to speak.

This made no sense! How could using a game that bound virtual spirits affect real people? I had to test this theory. I went to the gymnasium, where some of the other students were playing floor hockey, slipped into the equipment room, spawned a rare, and bound it. I then sat on a pile of mats and waited.

Sure enough, a few minutes later, the door opened and then a girl slipped into the room, closing the door behind. I didn't know her but I'd seen her around...she was my age (16), kinda nerdy, cute, slim with brown hair and glasses, wearing a t-shirt and shorts. When she saw me, she pulled off her shirt, showing off her white bra pushed out by small pale breasts.

I stood up and held out my hand to stop her. "Why are you doing this?"

She paused in front of me. "Gotta," she said as if that explained anything. Then she took my hand and sucked one of my fingers into her mouth. My cock had stayed hard the whole time. I sat back down.

Quickly, she unfastened my jeans and soon her mouth was around my cock. She was inexperienced compared to my sister, let alone Mrs. Whittaker., but the excitement of possibly being caught helped. She fastened her mouth around just the head of my cock and sucked as she stroked her hand up and down my shaft, which felt amazing.

She stood up, pulled down her shorts and panties, and then climbed into my lap. She lined her little pussy up and passed the head of my cock between her vaginal lips several times, lubing them up with my pre-cum. Then she sank down on it a little.

"Nnh!" she groaned in discomfort.

"Are you a virgin?" I asked. She nodded.

"Shit! Maybe go back to the blowjob?" I offered. She shook her head. "Um...just the tip, then?" She nodded and reached down to stroke my shaft again as the head of my cock remained inside her virginal hole.

It was awkward, and I didn't want to take too long there in the equipment room. I pushed her bra up to reveal her small, A-cup titties and hard pink nipples, and then fastened my mouth to one. She gasped and my cock gave a little lurch.

Soon I was close. I pulled off of her nipple. "I'm gonna cum."

"Ohh...yes..." she moaned, stroking me harder, her eyes closed.

"You gonna pull off?" She shook her head.

She was a virgin...there was almost no chance that she was on birth control, but at that point I was only thinking with my little head, not my big one. I reached down and flipped at her prominent clitoris.

"Ohh!" she gasped and sank down on my cock a little more as she furiously stroked my shaft.

That did it. I grunted as the pleasure became too intense and my balls gave up their dangerous cargo. Spurt after spurt of my hot cum was injected into the girl's vulnerable reproductive system, and that caused her to begin shaking in her own orgasm. By the time the last of my cum dribbled out inside her, she had sunk halfway down my shaft. I could see pinkish-white froth escaping from between her vaginal lips.

"Crap, ohh, I'm sorry," I apologized as she pulled off of me with a pained moan.

"It's okay," she responded as she quickly dressed. I pulled my pants back up and waited. She didn't even look at me as she left. Weird! I opened the door and watched her head into the girls' change room, presumably to clean up the dangerous mess I had left inside her.

---

I tested it out again that afternoon, in class, but nothing happened. Correlation was not causation, as my science teacher said, and I only had 4 successes for 6 tries in my theory, my very first summoning having not caused anything weird to happen in the real world. I had been so sure!

---

Trenton de Ruyter felt the silent notification from his phone, but he couldn't check it because he was in a board meeting. It had only been a couple of hours since Trent had directed a cute nerdy girl to fuck the boy. If Victor had spawned another rare, then he wasn't going to get fucked or sucked this time. Maybe it's better this way, he considered; he didn't want to become predictable.

---

On my way home, I spawned and bound another rare in the park where some ladies were sitting on a bench nearby. I waited, but nothing happened. 4 for 7.

When I got home, I considered trying once more, but if it worked, I didn't want my sister trying to fuck me again! I stayed out of the game until after dinner and then I went for a walk down the road. A couple of blocks from home, I tried again and waited.

After a few minutes, a police car approached and pulled alongside. A pair of mirrored shades under a police hat looked at me as the driver-side window rolled down. "You keeping out of trouble, kid?" It was a woman cop!

"Um, yes, ma'am," I replied, continuing to walk.

"Uh huh..." The cop pulled the car in front of me, stopped, and got out.

She was short, maybe 5'4", and curvy! She took off her hat and shades and I was looking at a pretty Latina, her dark hair tied back in a severe bun. She opened the back door. "I think you'd better come with me."

I paused, eyes wide.

"Let this happen or you're under arrest," she growled.

'Let this happen...' I had heard that before...

"Yes, ma'am," I repeated, and clambered into the back seat. She slammed the door, locking me in, and got back into the driver's seat. She had no partner, so we were alone.

The lady cop drove for a few blocks and then parked in an industrial area, secluded now that the work day was done. She got out, took off her equipment belt, and then joined me in the back seat. "I'm going to have to pat you down for weapons, kid." She was quite thorough, feeling my almost nonexistent muscles, pausing on my chest and finally ending between my legs. She gripped my cock through my jeans and I was surprised to find it ready to go.

"Looks like I found something dangerous," she breathed, unfastening my pants and pulling them down. "Mmm..." she moaned, and sucked my cock into her mouth.

"Oh fuck..." I lay back, completely at her mercy. After a minute or so of oral pleasure, she sat back and unfastened her trousers. She had trouble getting them off, so she also slipped off her shoes, leaving her in her uniform shirt, black socks, and...red lace panties?

She climbed on top of me and began to rub her panty-covered pussy along the hard shaft of my cock. "Tell me you've been a bad boy..." she commanded sultrily.

"I...I've been a bad boy!"

Smack! She had slapped me across the face! It stung!

"Say my name."

I saw the name tag clipped to her uniform shirt. "Officer Lopez."

She smacked me again. "Louder!"

"Officer Lopez!"

"Raar!" She ripped her uniform shirt off, revealing her matching lacy red bra that was holding back some amazing pillowy brown breasts.

"Holy shit," I exclaimed.

She reached down, pulled her panties to the side, and mounted me. I gasped as my cock easily burrowed into her hot, moist love channel. Once I was all the way inside, she started to ride me hard, slamming her pussy down upon me. I had never experienced anything like it!

I could only look up at her fierceness as she took me. Soon enough, I found myself approaching orgasm.

She could feel it. "You gonna discharge your weapon, perp?"

"Uh, yes, ma'am," then I added, "Officer Lopez."

"Good boy." She bent down and I thought she was going to kiss me, but then she moved her mouth to my ear. "Where you gonna put your nasty stuff, huh? You gonna shoot it in my pussy, boy? You gonna dirty me up?"

I didn't know how she wanted me to respond, but I hoped: "Um, yes, Officer Lopez?"

"Yessss..." she moaned, shifting from hard fucking to long strokes, pulling almost all the way off my cock before slipping slowly all the way down until our groins were grinding against each other. It felt incredible!

"Oh...ohh..." I moaned. This one was going to be big!

She bit my earlobe. Ow! Then I was cumming. She felt it as my cock throbbed and got even harder. "Yesss, fill me up with that teen cum, you reprobate! I wanna feel it all the way up in there!"

"Oh Goddd..." I moaned. Any thought of birth control was gone from my mind as my body did its best to impregnate this crazy policewoman. After she felt my hot load splashing within her, she gasped and her vagina pulsated around my shaft, urging even more of my teen seed to inundate her unprotected insides.

Finally, she lay upon me, gasping and shaking. After a few seconds she was able to pull off of my softening cock and get unsteadily to her feet.

"Get out of here, kid," she directed me, grabbing her clothes to dress.

I jogged away back home. My experiments were 5 for 8, better than 50%, so it seemed the app was doing something. What was the missing element?

---

Trenton de Ruyter read the "report" the policewoman "filed" with him through the game's chat feature in his backyard while the slim twentysomething redhead from next door sucked his cock. He had taken control of the neighbor right after he had sent his commands to the policewoman, and the young wife had then jumped the fence so that Trent didn't have to whack himself off this time.

Damn, that cop was a nasty thing, smacking the boy around before he filled her up with cum. Trent grunted, shooting his own load into the redhead's mouth. "Very nice..." he checked the app, "...Meadow? Sheesh. Okay, you can head home."

The young woman swallowed and trotted away.

Trent considered her and what had happened after she had jumped the fence to get to him. His gardener had spotted her and asked if she needed help, but she had ignored him as if he didn't even exist. Trent had waved him away, and the man had gone back to his work, confused.

Unfortunately, when the game's control system made people do something they wouldn't normally do, especially if it was against their core values, such as a wife being forced to blow her neighbor, the code had to adjust the subject's mental "peripheral vision", giving them almost a laser-like focus on whoever was specifically included in their commands, in this case Trent himself. This caused the unfortunate side effect of them not noticing anybody else. It was a bug, but without it the control system collapsed as the subjects rejected their programming, so he lived with it in order to get all these beautiful women to service him. Maybe one day he'd find a way to fix it.

Sighing and feeling mellow after his blowjob, he lay back and took a small nap.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)