I must have looked a real sight, there on the sofa after my unusual confession and its aftermath. I blame the cheap white wine for making me into a ball of emotional wreckage, plus my period was due and that always makes me a bit weepy. But whatever the cause, there I was kneeling up on the sofa with my trousers and knickers down and Justin's cum freely leaking out of my vagina and starting to drip down my thighs. At the other end, some of Simon's semen had escaped my mouth and dribbled down my chin, falling onto Karen's t-shirt. And, of course, the crying had made my mascara run all over the place, so all in all I must have looked like an extra from a low budget Goth porn movie!

To be honest, I was a little excited by the way in which the boys had taken me without asking - the way they had used me for their sexual pleasure. The way they had treated me like an object. It thrilled me. It made me feel somehow warm. It was a new experience for me and one that was giving me a little frisson of exhilaration. When it had happened - when I first realised what they were going to do - when I had first realised that I was about to be fucked by two of my closest friends and they weren't even going to ask first I had felt of jolt run through my pussy and nipples. I had gotten suddenly wetter. And of course I had been hugely comforted by the way in which Karen had held me as the boys used my mouth and my vagina. But still it wasn't enough. I needed more.

"What else can I do for you?'I sobbed to them."Please, there must be something that I can do!" I really should give up drinking.

The three of them exchanged a look for a moment and then Karen twisted beneath me, removing her hand from its position down the front of her trousers where she had been gently masturbating. She raised her hand to her nose and inhaled her own smell, and then offered it to my nose. She smelled divine. After a few moments she popped her finger into my mouth. I eagerly sucked on the proffered digit, relishing the hint of the unfamiliar taste of another girl's pussy.

"Undo me," she said. I looked up at her, trying to determine whether she meant it and whether I had heard her right. Hoping beyond hope that I would have more to offer. "Now," she commanded.

Quickly I rose to my knees on the couch, no easy feat given that my jeans and knickers were just above my knees making moving without falling over something of a challenge. This sudden change of position shifted the cum that Justin had left deep inside me, and I felt a large glob escape my vagina and run down my leg where it pooled in my white cotton knickers.

Karen rolled over onto her back, looking up at me with a smile on her face. A hungry smile. A 'cat that got the cream' smile. I reached over and, after a brief struggle, managed to undo the button at the top of her trousers. She shifted slightly to one side to make things a bit easier for me, and I pulled her zip down. Raising her bottom from the couch, she allowed me to pull down her trousers and then lifted her feet to allow me to remove them altogether. I dropped them on the floor. 

Without a word Karen reached up and put the flat of her hand behind my head, drawing me towards her. She planted a deep kiss on my mouth, her tongue worming its way past my lips to flick against my own tongue mixing together our saliva as well as the remnants of Simon's semen. Then, after a few seconds, she broke the kiss and, planting one hand on each of my shoulders she started to push me downwards. My eyes passed her own mouth and chin and drew level with her t-shirt. Her hand shifted to my head as she pushed me down further, past the mounds of her breasts concealed beneath her clothes and the smear of Simon's cum on the swell of one breast. She pushed me towards it, pressing my face into her breast and smearing the cum across my cheek as she did so. I surepticiously planted a kiss on the swell of her breast. Down further she pressed me, my face passing over the cotton covering her flat stomach until it reached the hem. At that point she paused momentarily and shifted on her back, drawing up her feet and spreading her knees apart. I lay face down with my chin just about the waistband of her blue cotton bikini knickers. She wanted me to eat her pussy.

This was a new departure. Karen and I had made out before but I hadn't ever gone down on her. We had kissed, we had played with each other's breasts and even sucked each other's nipples and we had played with each other, but never oral sex. Until now. You see, we had shared a room in our first year hall of residence and by the time we moved out we had masturbated together many times. It had started one morning just a few days after the beginning of our fresher term. I was back in halls just after 11 o'clock having finished for the morning and, not needing to be back at college until half past two, I had decided to nip back to my room and sort out laundry and stuff. I entered the room and dumped my backpack on the floor before flopping down on my bed and picking up a journal article that I had been reading the previous day, and which I hadn't quite understood. I was determined to give it another go and so I had propped myself up on the bad and started to read. Before long I was immersed in the article and oblivious to everything around me. 

Now I have a bit of a strange habit. When I'm reading and really concentrating on something I have this habit of holding one of my breasts and stroking the nipple with a fingertip. Sometimes this didn't lead anywhere at all and it was just a sort of self comforting thing, but often it made me suddenly horny. This was one of those times.

After about 10 minutes it suddenly struck me that I was as horny as hell. My nipples were erect, my neck and chest were becoming flushed and I could feel moisture leaking into my knickers, dampening the crotch. I knew myself well enough by now to know that there was only really once option available to me if I was to be able to get back to concentrating on what I was supposed to be reading. You see, I had suffered under this particular affliction for many years by then, and I knew full well that being a good girl and hoping that the nasty feelings would go away if I thought sweet thoughts simply didn't work! I needed to rub one out.

Casting the journal article aside, I rearranged myself so that I was sort of half sitting on the bed, and assumed the position. My left hand found its way back up underneath the cotton sweater that I was wearing and to the nipple of my right breast. I began to stroke gently, sometimes squeezing the nub between my fingers.

My right hand found its way under the waistband of my cotton trousers, under the elastic of my knickers and through my pubic hair.  I paused for a moment to touch and stroke my pubes, gently pulling a few strands. Then my hand pressed on further. I took a sharp intake of breath as my middle two fingers slid down either side of my clitoral hood and then made contact with the tip of my now hard clitoris, but I didn't stop there.  I pushed further, arching my back a little to draw up my pelvis and allow my hand access to its goal. My fingers ran down my vulva, parting my labia as they went and I shivered as the touched my pee hole. Finally they reached their destination - the entrance to my vagina. It was already wet and I could feel that my moisture was starting to make the crotch of my knickers wet. There is no hotter feeling than when you are so horny that you leak into your underwear. I simply love it.

My fingers dipped momentarily into my wet vagina and then retraced their path, carrying some of my slippery moisture back to my erect clitoris. Once there I pushed my hood back, rubbed the moisture round about the shaft and tip and then settled back to the familiar old rhythm that I had perfected over very many years. I had been quite the early starter in that department!

My eyes closed, my body relaxed and I drifted off to some private place - some land of masturbation where all I was conscious of was my hand on my nipple and the wonderful sensations being produced by my right middle finger as it slowly circled around the tip of my clitoris.  As I stroked, not thinking of anything in particular, I felt my orgasm begin to build somewhere near the base of my spine. I could tell that it was going to be a good one - somehow they just feel different as they are building! I like to keep a steady pace - I mean I know some girls go faster and faster as they approach the end, but not me. I like everything to be nice and steady. As the feeling grew I lay there and luxuriated in the sensations spreading from the small of my back and from the feeling of my knickers becoming increasingly wet. My mouth opened, my head rolled back, my clitoris became harder than ever, my nipples became like points of steel. Then I heard a gasp.

My eyes snapped open but other than that I didn't move.  One hand was still up my sweater, quite clearly playing with my breast and the other - well it was obvious what the other one was doing. And there, in the doorway with her key still in the lock was Karen.

We stared at each other for a few seconds, she wide eyed and me slack jawed and then, as she pulled her key from the door and let it slam behind her she laughed and cried out "Ha ha! Caught you wanking!"

I was mortified, to put it mildly. I opened my mouth to begin to explain or apologise or something, but she cut me off.

"To be honest, Sally, it was only a matter of time before I caught you!  I've heard you at night quite a few times and there has often been a strange smell of pussy in the air when I've come back to the room after you've been here on your own!"  My embarrassment simply deepened which, at that point, I wouldn't have thought possible.

"Were you close?" she asked, grinning from ear to ear.  I nodded.

"Well, you know it's really bad for a girl to get close and not to - erm - finish the job, so..." she trailed off.

"What do you mean?" I asked.  Stupid question, as her meaning was all too obvious.

"Finish," she said, looking me right in the eye.

"You mean you want me to..."

"That's right.  I want you to masturbate.  For your own good, of course," she smiled.

"I couldn't," I said. "Not with someone watching!"

"OK then, I'll tell everyone in halls that I caught you playing with yourself!"

"Oh Christ no, don't do that!" I pleaded.  The shame would have been too much. But compared to the shame of what she was asking me to do...was it worse? Could I bring myself to masturbate in front of another girl? I mean I had done it in the same room as other girls before - many times. Including this very room with her, although it seemed my top secret silent technique needed some work!

"Then do it. Finish yourself off while I watch you. You don't need to take your trousers off or anything, just carry on what you're very obviously doing already." She had a point - my hands hadn't moved from where they had been when she moved in.

I looked at her for a few seconds. It wasn't so bad. I mean, we both did it - or at least I assumed we both did. She had heard me doing it, so what was the big deal with doing it in front of her? And in any case my finger was already on my clitoris and I was desperate to cum! I bit my bottom lip and looked directly into her eyes as my finger started to move again.

I could feel the familiar sensation start to rise again and, as I did, I started to play with my nipple again. This was wild. I had never done anything like this before. Masturbating in front of my roommate. I was a good girl! Karen was looking directly into my eyes, as I was looking into hers and in my peripheral vision I saw her drop her keys and bag and shrug off her coat.

For perhaps 20 seconds I lay there on the bed, one hand up my sweater and one down my knickers, masturbating in front of Karen. And then she joined in.

As I watched her, Karen's right hand rose from where it had rested until now by her side, and slid down the front of her jeans. My eyes went to her crotch and I could clearly see through the denim the shape of her fingers moving across her pussy. She was masturbating too. We were masturbating together because that's what she had told me to do.

For a couple of minutes we remained like that. Me lying on the bed with my hand down my trousers, her standing by the door with her hand down hers. The sight of her standing there in the middle of the floor pleasuring herself pushed me over the edge. My orgasm welled up from the depths of my soul and washed over me.  I gasped and let out a small moan. My back arched and and my thighs clamped down on my hand. I felt my knickers become even wetter as the waves of pleasure washed over me. Then, finally, I came back to earth. I lay there revelling in the feeling of my diminishing orgasm as I watched her come to her own crisis. Her head snapped back, she bit her lip and her eyes were squeezed tight shut. Her whole body shook. She became motionless after a few seconds and then relaxed. As she recovered she smiled at me, picked up a book from the desk, and settled down on her bed to read. I picked up the article I had been reading and returned to my studies.

After that day we often did it together, mostly late at night. Sometimes we would cuddle as we did it, sometimes we would be in our own beds just watching each other. Occasionally, we would masturbate each other - I particularly enjoyed that. A few times we even did it to each other and then slept together afterwards but even though we had literally slept together I had never gone down on her, and she had never gone down on me. Seemed that that was all about to change and that I was about to be made to eat her.

I am owned. Owned by three wonderful people that I love to death and who use me sexually without a thought. I wouldn't have it any other way.


