Silent

H. Jekyll

MF, Mf, Ff, bdsm, nc, some scat:  story codes refer to the series, not to 
specific chapters.

Chapter Six:  Solitude


He tied her to the bed again, with the blindfold,  the ear plugs, and the white 
noise machine.  She didn't know what had become of her daughter any more than 
she had known the day before.  The burning on her front was too strong, biting 
her, for her to sleep, so she just writhed and twisted, whimpering, until it 
finally burned itself out.

Now he started a new regimen.  He spoke almost never and did not let her talk.  
He came in to put a tube down her nose and feed her something liquid.  She 
resisted a little the first time.  He took her to the toilet occasionally.  The 
rest of the time she lay alone, sometimes on her back, sometimes on her stomach, 
sometimes in the stocks, sometimes standing with her arms chained above her head 
in the middle of the room.   He fitted some kind of gloves to her hands, that 
enclosed them and held them in loose fists.  She was always shut off from light 
and sound and the use of her hands.  He left her there for very long periods, 
immobile and alone.  When he walked her to the toilet he first attached a belt 
at her waist and a collar, and he fastened her hands behind to one or the other.  

For awhile, when he came in he immediately hurt her, always a different part of 
her.  The first time, he put her in the stocks and whipped her on the ass for a 
long time, long enough for her to pass out.  Then he left again.  Her ass burned 
as her front had, so that she spent a long period of time moaning and moving it 
about, until he came in and said  loudly to one ear:  "No sounds.  If you make 
any sounds at all I'll whip you more."  She tried to stifle her moaning, though 
her ass hurt so constantly that she couldn't always do it.  While he was in 
there he fucked her from the rear, but he didn't try to give her any pleasure.

The next time, he strung her up and used some kind of rod to batter her breasts.  
This was a different hurt.  The rod caused a shock wave throughout her breasts 
when it hit.  It made a splat sound instead of a crack, and it damaged her 
breasts all the way through.  The force of the strokes had her body swinging 
back and forth in the bonds.  She couldn't see when the strokes were coming and 
screamed almost constantly.  She tried to plead though her gag, to promise again 
to never displease him, but she couldn't of course. The shock was so great that 
she passed out after about ten minutes.  He brought her back and started over.  
She passed out again and he brought her back again.  Finally she stopped 
responding to the rod.  He left her hanging for a very great time.  When she 
came around her breasts were excruciating, and no matter how hard she tried she 
couldn't keep herself from moaning.  She wanted them to fall off.  She drifted, 
again, between pain and moments of unconsciousness.

He came in, took her down, tied her to the bed.   He fed her and let her lie 
there.  Her bladder was full but he didn't take her to the toilet, and after 
awhile she wet herself.  When he returned he used the electrical device on her.  
The piss-wet bed conducted power all around her ass.  She screamed again with 
the volts, especially when he applied them to her bruised breasts, but she was 
weakening greatly.  

He removed the gag and said:  "No sounds!  You understand? "  She nodded.  He 
fed her water from a tube. She tried again to stifle herself.  

Then she lay, so long alone, cut off from sound, sight, touch.  She had not been 
able to use her arms or hands for a very long time.  Sometimes she tried to move 
them a bit, but without success.  She lay still, not having any choice.  When he 
came in again she jumped because she thought it was time for him to torture her 
again, but he gave her a sponge bath and washed her hair.  He did not speak and 
she dared not.  Then he put her in the stocks.  He had her suck him again, and 
she tried to do it right, to let him know that she would always please him, 
would  never challenge him.  Then he left her for another long time.

The next time he took her to the toilet.  He let her drink from the toilet and 
then use it.  He had her kneel down and eat some kind of mush from a dog bowl.  
She put her face well into the bowl and even licked the bowl clean, after which 
he washed her face with a wet cloth.  He took her back to her chamber and 
chained her upright in the center of the room, but he did not hurt her.  The 
next time he put her on the bed again.

So alone.  No one in the world was as alone as she.  There was nothing for her 
but gloom and thoughts.  She would see her daughter whipping her and being 
whipped.  She knew she was to be here forever, that her captor was her master 
forever.  She thought of her husband and son almost not at all, thought about 
her master.  She feared him enormously, but he had the power to bring her 
company and pleasure.  She would be so good, if he would only give her another 
chance.  Once he seemed to have stopped hurting her so much she wanted him to 
come to her more.  She wanted to feel a touch.  The few times he spoke she 
played his words over in her head after he left.  She thrilled when he washed 
her, even got goose bumps.  She remembered the sexual pleasure he had forced on 
her and became hot thinking about it.  He seldom used her for sex and when he 
did he didn't try to pleasure her, but she got wet anyway.  She sank in 
disappointment when he left.  She had dreams of him using her and her daughter.  
She would think she heard sounds and turn her head toward the door, waiting for 
him, usually to be disappointed.  Once the power must have gone out, because the 
white noise machine stopped and she could hear slightly more.  In comparison, 
she thought sound came clearly to her.  She lifted her head and strained to hear 
him.

Her world was empty.   Only he had the power to fill it.  She began crying one 
day and couldn't stop herself.  She cried into the void:  "Master.  Please, I 
need you.  Please, I don't care if you hurt me.  Please come and use me!  I 
don't want to be alone."  She was crying and talking at the same time.  "Please 
master, let me show you how good I can be.  Give me another chance.  Everything 
you want I'll give, all the time, please master, please I need you!"  There was 
no response.  

But in the hall outside the door he stood, thinking a line of poetry:  "And 
lonely as it is, this loneliness, will be more lonely ere it will be less."

      ------------------------------------------------------

Finally he returned.  He removed the blindfold and ear plugs.  He spoke to her.  
"I require silence.  If you want to please me you'll learn to control yourself 
in all things.  Do you understand?"  She nodded, her usual nod, and became 
attentive.  He was talking to her!  "Now we'll practice."  He produced a long 
needle.  "I don't want you crying out when I use this.  Do you understand?"  She 
nodded again, and stared at the needle.  She couldn't look away.

He leaned over her.  The needle touched her nipple tenderly, then was pushed in, 
biting at her, in, through.  She didn't make a sound, held her breath tightly 
though it.  

He pulled it out just as slowly, moved it to her arm and pushed it in.  He was, 
as usual, in no hurry.  His penis was growing and he knew he could have a long 
period of enjoyment. He pushed the needle carefully into her hip, through the 
skin and fat, then deeply and equally slowly into her muscle.  She tried to 
stifle herself again, but she couldn't control her voice because the pain was so 
great and continued so long.  She let out just a little squeak through her 
closed-off throat, which then became a gasping groan.  Every muscle was so 
tense, and she was flopping her body about, this way and that, trying to avoid 
the needle, trying the impossible.

"You're not pleasing me, plaything."  His voice was serene, utterly polite.  "We 
need to start over, now."

She lost herself completely for moment, crying a raspy, hoarse noise that was 
ugly compared with his voice.  While she did this he applied the needle, in no 
particular rush, to her left pussy lip, aiming it so that it did not come out 
the other side but followed the flesh toward her pubis.  She was sweating 
enormously and her movements were so jerky that she seemed to be having spasms.  
He stopped for a moment to let her waste her energy and come to grips with the 
situation.  

She couldn't seem to stop moaning.

"You see, every time you make those noises you are disobedient.  The punishment 
has to start over.  And because you keep being so head-strong in not pleasing me 
I have to increase it.  I don't want ever again to have to gag you to silence 
you.   That is your responsibility.  But if we have to take all night long for 
you to learn proper discipline then so be it.  You don't want to be here all 
night, do you, when your punishment could be over in about an hour?  Now, be a 
sweet little bitch and show me how obedient you can become."

This time when he pushed the needle in, into the meat of her left breast, she 
tensed and jerked against her bindings but breathed in rapid gasps, her throat 
open like she'd learned in childbirthing classes.  He pushed slowly and the long 
needle went in so far that she was sure it would hit a rib.  She squirmed in 
almost complete panic, but managed to let out no cry, no squeak, just fast, 
raspy, shallow pants through the whole thing.  Then he pulled it out again.

"Now you are starting to try to please me.  But it displeases me when you move 
during your discipline.  You need to control yourself better."

She just lay there, panting with the effects of the pain and her exertion, her 
entire body covered in sweat that now ran in two or three red, hair-thin 
rivulets where the pin had been applied.  She stared at him and cried, though 
silently, because she didn't think she could control herself and because she 
thought he would never stop hurting her.

"Now let's do it again, shall we?"  He put the pin to an inner thigh and pushed 
into the muscle.  She pulled firmly on each binding, used isometric tension, and 
held her head down against the mattress as hard as she could. After he pulled 
the pin out he stroked her hair and her cheek and ran his thumb lightly across 
her mouth.  He said, "That's much better.  You will please me yet." 

She cried some more, noiselessly, and gave a grateful smile, her face red and 
tear covered and all.  That was how she finally broke, all at once, silently.  

"Now we'll continue.  Stick out your tongue, so I can pierce it."

Afraid, she pushed her tongue out as far as she could.  For this he took a new, 
longer needle.  He put it against the middle of her tongue and pushed, but it 
was a hard drive.  She tried to hold her tongue in place while controlling her 
voice, but it kept being pushed over, and in the end he had to hold it with a 
dry cloth.  There was more pain than during the earlier stabbings, but she was 
aware, suddenly, that she had been drifting.  When it was through he left the 
pin in for a time, and when she relaxed her tongue the pin pressed against her 
upper and lower lips, which kept her tongue extended.  

"Now, I don't think we'll need all those restraints, do you?  Don't move when I 
loosen them.  We're not done yet, not by a long turn, but I think I can trust 
you to hold yourself still for me.  Am I right?"  She nodded.  Did she 
comprehend?

She obeyed.  She held still for seven more deep prickings, the last one hard 
into her pubic bone. She held silently still for that one, though all her 
muscles twitched, holding her arms and legs and head stiffly out as far and as 
hard as possible.  He put the implements aside.  "We don't need those now.  I 
can see you're going to be beautifully obedient.  A sweet little bitch.  Now 
let's kiss lovingly."  He bent over her wet face and kissed her deeply, tongue 
deep in her mouth, tasting the blood from her pricking.  She had to let him, of 
course, but she returned the warmth, sucked his lips and tongue, explored his 
mouth as deeply as she could.  It was like kissing a god.


He had her stand.  She staggered and he let her lean against him, her head on 
his shoulder, while he walked her to the splendid bathroom.  It was an intimate 
scene, one of two lovers after an afternoon of sex.

"You need some reward for trying so hard to overcome yourself.  I want you to 
clean yourself and make yourself beautiful for me."  He had another needle, a 
syringe with some fluid in it.  He injected her and almost immediately her head 
was filled with cotton and the various aches faded almost entirely away.  He 
started the Jacuzzi for her and left.

She washed her own hair languidly, then lay in the hot water.  The room filled 
with steam that settled on the mirrors.  She got out slowly, brushed and flossed 
her teeth.  She took a razor to the hair on her legs, underarms, pussy, and ass 
(so carefully), but she plucked the hairs around her nipples with a tweezers she 
found on the counter, then she lay back in the water again.  She had thoughts of 
her daughter hanging, waiting for punishment, of her own torture, of her husband 
who had lost them, and of her utter hopelessness.  It was so nice to move her 
arms around. The water was glorious. 
