It started out innocently enough. It was just two friends sitting at her kitchen island having drinks. She was in a high-backed stool with her back to the kitchen window, the setting sun visible behind the silhouette of her pretty blond-haired head. From my position around the corner from her, I tried not to admire the way the golden sunshine accentuated her overall beauty. But I failed. We were just friends, after all. And, besides, she was married. Never mind that I had thought of her as so much more than a friend for so long that I couldn't remember ever thinking of her as "just a friend." Forget that I jumped at every opportunity to hang out with her like a golden retriever bounding after a flying frisbee. Regardless of the fact that virtually every sexual fantasy of mine over the past 10 years had revolved around her, Shannon thought of us as "just friends." So, that is what we were.
"Why are you looking at me like that," she asked, bringing her glass of Kendall Jackson chardonnay to her delicate lips and taking a relishing sip.
"Like what?" I asked, reaching for my glass of Bulleit.
"Like you're trying to study a portrait from across an art gallery," she said, a smile playing at the corners of her mouth.
I took a second long swallow of bourbon before setting the glass back down on the counter top. "I don't know. I'm just thinking, I guess..."
"About what?"
"I don't know... A lot of things, I guess..."
"Like what?" she asked, concern creeping both into the tone of her voice and the look in her eyes. "Is everything all right with Karen?"
Karen was my latest in a string of girlfriends I'd had since my divorce 4 years earlier, and she had been my favorite, by far. But she wasn't Shannon. Nobody was Shannon, and it wasn't fair of me constantly to compare every woman I met to someone whom I thought to be beyond comparison.
"I guess so," I said, reaching too quickly for my glass, lifting it, and draining its contents.
"Uh oh," she said, as I rose from my stool, crossed the kitchen, and began fixing myself another very large bourbon on the rocks.
"No, really. Everything's fine, I think. It's just..." I sat down, suddenly acutely aware of my surroundings. Ice tinkled in my too-full glass. The sun, now turning reddish, was continuing its path down the western sky, bathing my gorgeous friend in light which seemed to set her aflame. The ceiling fan in the adjacent living room whirred softly, and a far-off jet seemed to purr in the sky.
"Just what?" asked Shannon. The question seemed sort of innocent, but there was something--a brief flash of something I couldn't quite place in her eyes.
"It's nothing," I said, snapping myself out of my reverie. "Everything is fine."
Now it was Shannon's turn to finish her drink and get up to pour another. As she did, I couldn't help but admire her more. I found everything about her mesmerizing. She was tall--about 5 foot 9, with medium-sized and very perky breasts, full, sexy hips, and a tight ass sculpted from many hours spent in the gym. I admired that ass as she stood at the counter, filling her glass with some more KJ. I averted my gaze too quickly when she turned back to the island, and I know she caught me. Instead of calling me out, though, she smiled, set her glass on the island, scooted her stool closer to mine, and sat.
"How long have we known each other?" she asked, meeting my eyes directly.
"Almost ten years, now," I said.
"And how long has it been since that bitch, Tiffany left you high and dry?"
"Four years..."
"And how many girls have you dated since then?"
"I don't even really know," I admitted.
"So," Shannon said, lifting her glass, "I think I know by now when something's up. If you don't want to talk about it, it's OK. But, if you can't talk to me, whom can you talk to?"
"I don't know... It's just..." I felt suddenly desperate. I picked up my drink and gulped, rather than sipped. I couldn't tell her. I couldn't! SHE WAS MARRIED!!! Happily, although I couldn't imagine how she could be happy with the incomparable prick that was her husband.
And that's when it happened. She touched me. We'd been friends forever, and we had obviously touched innocently before. But this time was different. It was like an electrical current was flowing from her hand to my hand, which she held softly but firmly. I set down my glass, but I did not move my hand or flinch in any way. I was conscious of a buzzing in my ears.
"Do you really want to know?" I asked, perhaps a bit too softly. Now I could feel tears beginning to burn in my eyes.
"Of course I do!"
"No, I'm not sure that you do, Shannon," I said, attempting to regain what little control I had once had.
With her right hand still holding my left, Shannon reached for my chin with her left hand and directed my gaze, which had dropped to the counter top, back to her gorgeous green eyes. "Like I said, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to. But I care about you, Seth! You're one of my best friends, and I want to do everything I can to help you."
I sighed. The tears were about to come back. "OK. You asked for it. The problem is that Karen is not you. None of the girls I've dated have been you. I try to pretend that they are all awesome. And some of them are. But they are not you, and it is you that I want. And I know that I can't have you. And I don't want to fuck up our friendship, because it's incredibly important to me. But I am always comparing other women to you, and they don't compare... But it's not your problem. It's my problem. I'm so, so sorry..." I was babbling, and I knew it, so I trailed off and watched for her reaction.
It came so swiftly, yet so gently, that it was hard to know what was happening. All at once, her eyes were very close to mine. I felt the softness of her lips like the wings of butterflies against mine. I tasted the moisture of the lingering white wine that was on them. A wisp of her pretty hair tickled my cheek. And then it was over. She leaned back, regarding me.
"Don't be sorry," she said in a half-whisper. The hint of a smile began to flicker on her lips and in her eyes as I felt myself melting. I can only imagine what I must have looked like. I wanted to surge forward and press my mouth to hers. My body to hers. My soul to hers. But I held back, afraid that I was somehow trapped in a fragile bubble of perfect time and that the bubble would at once pop upon the slightest movement from me.
"You know that Davis is an asshole," she said. "You have always known. But you've never done or said the slightest inappropriate thing about it. You've never tried to push us apart, and you have always respected my choices. You have supported me and helped me, no matter what, for all these years. It is you, more than anyone else, who has listened to me and consoled me and just... been there for me. You were the first one I called when Tucker died. You were the one I wanted to talk to when my grandmother passed away and my mom followed right after. You have always been the person I want to share my successes and frustrations at work with. The person I've wanted to have a drink with after work. The person I like to party with and talk about TV shows and music with. I'm married, but I have felt trapped in that marriage for years. Especially since you and Princess Wonderful broke up. Davis doesn't even like cheese, for god's sake! What does that say about him?"
The levity of that last remark finally sparked movement from me in the form of laughter. I recalled in that moment that we always joked that Shannon should leave Davis on account of the fact that he did not like to eat cheese. I never, in my wildest dreams, had thought that we'd be talking about that in this context, though.
I reached up to wipe away the tears which had begun to flow down my cheeks in earnest, but I felt Shannon stop me. Once again, her face came close to mine, and I felt those soft lips kissing the tears away.
From that moment on, I felt like I was floating on a cloud of pure ecstasy. More slowly than I would have thought myself capable of, I reached for her face and pulled her lips to mine. Our mouths opened, and our tongues explored. I teased her lips gently with my tongue, then allowed her tongue to dance with mine. Feeling her tongue probe inside of my mouth as I tasted her wine, I gently sucked on it. I felt, more than heard her gasp slightly as her hands dropped to my broad shoulders, where they rubbed and massaged. My hands dropped, too, to the gorgeous breasts which had been among the objects of my desire for so long. I massaged her through her shirt, then reached under her shirt and around her slender frame to unclasp her bra.
Feeling that her tits had been freed, Shannon pulled away, stood up, and quickly pulled off her blouse and bra, leaving her standing topless in her kitchen. She then began walking toward a couch in her living room, shedding clothing as she went. First her high heels were kicked off, revealing her perfectly manicured sexy feet. Then her skirt floated to the floor, leaving her in a black thong whose color matched the bra which had been cast off in the kitchen.
I followed her, stripping as I went, too. By the time we got to the couch, both of us were down to simple underwear. She sat, and I knelt on the floor in front of her. For a moment, I simply gazed up at her. For, sitting in front of me, was the absolute most beautiful sight that I had ever seen. At that moment, I doubted that anyone in the world had ever seen something which they regarded with more reverence. I watched, enraptured, as she reached out her hand and gently caressed my uncomfortably swollen dick through my underwear.
I'd like to claim that I had at least some semblance of control at that point, but it would be a lie. The touch of her silken hand, even through the fabric of my boxers, was the most exquisite feeling I had ever felt to that point in my life. It was as if all the pent-up feelings and longings and fantasies I had had were being channeled into her soft, electric touch, and it was only a few seconds before my engorged cock began to squirt pump after pump of cum into my underwear.
As my orgasm progressed, I moaned loudly and sank to my knees, guiding my lover's hand away gently while simultaneously reaching for her seemingly with every fiber of my being. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in for a passionate kiss which began again with her lips but soon made their way urgently down her long, slender neck. As my lips trailed down my beautiful friend, my tongue darted out and tasted her--her perfume, her skin, her sweat. It was like the most amazing dessert of flavors and sensations, and I delighted in the way she stretched and arched to give me better access to everything which I so desperately wanted.
The first time my lips grazed Shannon's breasts, there was yet another spark of electricity. A gasp from her--a moan, even. I was aware that my cock, which had apparently drained itself of 10 years of pent-up frustration only minutes before, was already and rapidly hardening in my now-soaked boxers. Gently, I took first one, and then the other nipple in my mouth to suck and lick it. With my hands, I cupped and massaged the area below which my tongue and lips were roaming. Shannon arched her back, moaned the moan which I had imagined countless times in my fantasies, and began running her fingers roughly through my hair. As she became more and more animated, I began to have the idea that she might orgasm, just from this attention that I was paying to her tits. The idea of that drove me even more wild with desire, and I focused my entire being on reading her signals and learning, through her body language, exactly what she wanted.
I don't know how much time passed with me making love to the most perfect set of breasts I'd ever touched, or even seen, but it couldn't have been long before her body tensed, and the most delicious sound issued from her mouth. To call it a moan of ecstasy would be a horrendous disservice. It was so beautiful to watch and hear and feel Shannon orgasm, and I paused with my ministrations for a moment to rock back on my heels and simply watch her. Her skin flushed. Her eyes blazed. Her mouth was open in this incredibly sexy little "O". I looked down and noted that her feet were up and off the floor and that her sexy manicured toes were curled. The whole sight was more than I could handle, so I dove in for more.
I leaned forward, grabbed the sexy ass I had been admiring for 10 years with both hands, and pulled, so that my lover's hips extended forward from the front edge of the couch. Then I began frantically pulling at the panties which were now the only fabric covering any part of her sexy body. The part which I wanted to explore next with my hands, tongue, and lips, was beneath them. Shannon helped by lifting her hips up, and I slid the thong down and over her bare legs and feet in no time.
The next few moments were, quite frankly, a blur. I could scarcely decide what I wanted to do and how I wanted to do it, so I stopped thinking and let my mouth, tongue, and hands take complete control. Instead of focusing on what I was doing, I let myself be guided by every whimper, every gasp, every moan issuing from my lover's sexy lips. I cannot describe how incredibly erotic I found every single movement of Shannon's lithe body to be, and I was totally unaware of how much time was passing until I felt her slender hands pushing against my shoulders. Briefly, I feared that she might be ending our encounter, but she pushed me back until I was lying on the cool tile floor of her living room and then, as gracefully as she did everything else, she positioned the entrance of her hot, wet pussy above the now-engorged head of my dick and sank down. The feeling was indescribable. It was like her pussy and my cock had been made for each other. It was a tight fit, but not so tight as to elicit even the slightest feeling of discomfort. Her juices made her love tunnel slick and warm and inviting, and she bounced and rocked on my shaft with ease and enthusiasm. We were both moaning loudly by that point. My cock felt as though an electric charge was going through it every time Shannon moved, and she was moving a lot. The sensations were so intense as to be unbelievable.
After what seemed at once like only a few seconds and almost an eternity of pleasure, I felt my orgasm building. It started at the base of my spine and slowly radiated outward to all parts of my body. Somehow, I managed to scream that I was going to cum, and this proclamation apparently sent my gorgeous lover over the edge. I felt her pussy pulsing around my cock as she shrieked with pleasure, and I felt my entire body pulse with my own orgasm at the same time. Frantically, we clawed at one another, rolling and writhing on that cold floor as if we were a single wild beast of passion. Our mutual orgasm lasted for quite some time--slowly subsiding to gasps like those of marathon runners after a race. Deliciously, our sweat-soaked bodies seemed to melt together as our lips met in a soft, gentle kiss.
"What was that?" asked Shannon, breaking our kiss and looking up.
"It was the best sex of my life," I answered, grinning like an idiot.
"No," she said. "That sound."
I listened. And then I knew. It was the sound of the garage door opening. Davis was home.