Heather's Spa Adventure
by patrickroundhouse

Heather was gifted a spa package and things get steamy.

"Cheers." Jim said as he and Heather clang their Champaign glasses. "To forty."

The candlelit dinner for Heather's birthday was the first 'date night' the couple had in months.

After dinner, Jim slid the tiny envelope across the table to Heather.

"Happy Birthday", he said with a smile.

She opened it up revealing the gift card for a full day massage and spa package. Heather's eyes lit up and she grinned ear to ear.

"Thank you! I really need this."

"I know and you deserve every minute of it. I even arranged to take the kids to the amusement park for the day this weekend. You'll have the whole day to yourself."

That weekend, Jim dropped Heather off at the spa.

"Okay, enjoy yourself. I'll be right here to pick you up later on." Jim said as Heather got out of the car. She walked inside and checked herself in. After a few moments, a young man greeted her in the waiting room.

"Hello Ms. Ross. I'm Raymond. I'll be your masseuse today. Come on back and let's get started."

Heather was given a towel and was led into a private changing room. Raymond instructed her to undress and come into the massage room when she was ready. She began to undress and neatly folded her clothes and placed them on the bench. She felt rather promiscuous being completely naked with the young man on the other side of the door.

Heather put her hair up and wrapped herself in the white towel. She walked into the massage room where she was met by Raymond in a dim room, with soft music playing. Raymond turned his back and instructed her to lay face down on the massage table.

He lathered his hands with some warming massage oil and began to rub Heather's shoulders and back. She felt immediate relaxation. He made his way around the uncovered parts of her body. Heather nearly fell asleep because she was so relaxed.

"Are there any other areas you'd like me to work on?" Raymond asked.

Heather was startled and realized that she was almost asleep.

"Well maybe my lower back? It has been a little tight lately." She said.

"Sure thing." Raymond said.

Then, unexpectedly, he removed her towel and tossed it aside. Heather's eyes widened in surprise. She had never had a professional massage before and wasn't sure if this was normal or not. She didn't want to seem inexperienced and decided just to go with it.

Heather assumed that this was nothing out of the ordinary for Raymond and that he does this with everyone. She felt his hands begin to massage her lower back at her request. Heather couldn't stop thinking about her bare butt exposed to the young masseuse.

With her towel removed, Heather wasn't sure just how much of her breasts were exposed. She knows how massive they are and they tend to have a mind of their own. Although, it didn't worry her for some reason. Heather decided to just enjoy the relaxing massage and it was probably perfectly normal.

"Okay Ms. Ross, well it seems our hour is up."

Raymond said after he finished up on her lower back. Your package includes some more relaxation activities in our spa area."

Heather lifted her head and smiled at Raymond. "Okay, that sounds great." She said.

Raymond began to straighten up the bottles of massage oils and tidy up some other things in the room. Heather waited for him to hand her back her towel but when he picked it up from the chair, he tossed it into a hamper. Heather wasn't sure what to do. She waited a moment thinking that Raymond was going to leave.

"There should be a robe in the dressing room and the spa is right outside that door there and down the hall." He said as he straightened up the room.

Once again, Heather felt silly asking for a towel if this was common practice. She didn't want to feel like an amateur. So she lifted herself up and stood up. Her large, somewhat saggy breasts jiggled as she walked towards the dressing room. She tried acting as if she wasn't new to the situation. Raymond was a few steps ahead of her and he opened and held the door for her. He politely smiled as she walked inside and grabbed the robe from the hook. She put it on and he lead her to the door to the spa.

"There's a jacuzzi and sauna in here. Stay as long as you would like. When the facialist is ready for you she will come find you." Raymond said.

Heather smiled as Raymond left her to explore. She was feeling rather promiscuous after her encounter with the young masseuse.

Heather noticed the fairly large hot tub was occupied by two older men. There was plenty of room left. Then she realized that she was naked under her robe. She was kind of bummed about that because she really enjoyed a soak in a hot tub. So she decided to check out the sauna. There was a clear glass door and Heather could see that it was empty inside. There was a spa attendant standing by the door. A young man, probably about Raymond's age. When Heather approached, he offered his hand out.

"Can I take your robe miss?" He asked politely.

Heather began to think to herself, what kind of place did her husband send her to. She was totally baffled. Being nude in a private room with a masseuse was one thing, but in a public area was totally different.

"I think maybe I'll just keep it on." Heather said and smiled.

"Sure thing miss." The attendant said and opened the door for her.

She stepped inside and immediately felt the heat upon her. It was sweltering. Heather sat down, leaned back and closed her eyes. Moments later she heard some faint talking outside of the door and it began to open.

"Can I take your towel sir?" She heard the attendant ask.

Heather slightly panicked when she heard the question. She waited to hear an answer.

"No thanks. I'll hang on to it." Answered the voice and in stepped one of the older gentleman from the hot tub. He had his towel wrapped around his waist. He seemed surprised when he noticed there was someone else in the sauna. Heather offered a quick smile and he returned one, and sat down across from Heather.

"Hello there. Enjoying yourself today?" He asked Heather.

His voice was kind and Heather felt slightly relieved.

"Yes I am. Very much!" She said.

"Me too." He said and closed his eyes.

After a few minutes of silence, the man opened his eyes and said, "Whew! It sure is warm in here."

With that, he opened his towel and let the ends fall to the side. He was naked. His penis was on display directly in front of Heather. Surprised, she quickly looked away like she hadn't just stared at it for the first few seconds. She wasn't necessarily bothered by it, just taken off guard a bit. She didn't want to seem rude and leave so she stayed.

"I don't know how you can wear that big thick robe in here. All power to ya I guess." He said.

"Well, if I have to be honest with you, I'm dying!" Heather said laughing and began to fan herself.

"Oh well I hope you're not keeping it on on my account. If so I apologize, I didn't realize you were in here when I came in. I can go if you would like some privacy." The man said and began to stand up.

Heather felt bad. After all it wasn't his fault. She had to get used to being in a spa like this. And besides, when was she ever going to see this man again anyway.

"Oh no! Not at all. Please. Stay." Heather said. You are just as welcome here as I am. As long as you don't mind, I can remove my robe and we can both not get heat stroke." Heather said.

The two of them chuckled. Heather unfastened her robe. She felt a sense of comfortability with the man and didn't mind being exposed. He was older and Heather didn't seem as concerned about her body image to him as she did with Raymond.

The door opened and the attendant offered to take her robe for her once he noticed she removed it. She handed it to him and sat back down. Her naked body was displayed for the man who also sat naked directly across from her. Heather couldn't help but notice how perfect of a gentleman the man was. He wasn't staring at her body at all. Much like Raymond, he made it seem like nothing out of the ordinary. They talked for a short time about current events and other things. Heather even forgot she was nude at one point. It seemed perfectly normal.

"You know, I never got your name." Heather said.

"Oh, how rude of me." He said. "Bob. Bob Thompson. It's a pleasure to meet you..." he said as he stood up and reached his hand out for a shake. Heather's eyes were drawn to Bob's penis as it dangled around when he moved.

"Heather Ross." She said and shook Bob's hand.

"That's a beautiful name." He said.

A few moments later the attendant poked his head inside and said, "Mr. Thompson, your masseuse is ready for you, I can show you the way."

With that, Bob nodded to Heather and said, "Well it was lovely meeting you Heather." As he wrapped his towel around his waist and followed the young man to his massage room.

Heather began feeling the effects of the heat and decided that she couldn't take much more. So she cracked open the door and looked for her robe. It was nowhere to be found. She figured she'd wait for the attendant to come back but the heat was beginning to take its toll on her. There was no one in the spa area and she stepped outside of the sauna on her tip toes. She covered her breasts with one arm and her vagina with her other. She didn't know what to do.

A few seconds later, Heather heard some voices coming down the hall. In a panic, she darted to the hot tub and sank down to her neck under the bubbles. Just as she did, a group of four men all around Heather's age entered the spa area. All wearing swim trunks. They were loud and talking amongst each other. They didn't seem to pay Heather any mind. Then, one by one they began to slide into the hot tub. Heather scooted to the rear of the tub in order to not be in their way as they entered from the tub steps. They continued talking. Mostly about a football game.

Heather couldn't believe what was happening. She began to panic again. Luckily the bubbles were very active in the tub and it seemed the men hadn't noticed that she was naked. Heather had no idea what to do. Then, in walked the attendant from earlier. He was holding Heather's robe.

"Miss Ross. Are you ready for your facial? I will take you there." He said.

Heather could only nod her head yes. The attended held her robe open for her. She looked at the men and then up to the attendant. He wasn't making it easy for her. He gently shook the robe, motioning for her. Heather decided that there wasn't anything she could do. Two of the men were seated on the stairs of the tub. There was no way around it. So she convinced herself that once again, this was perfectly normal.

Heather stood up in the tub, the water came about belly button height. Her breasts were exposed and she began to walk to the stairs like nothing out of the ordinary.

"Excuse me." She said politely to one of the men who were blocking the stairs. The loud men were all silent now. You could hear a pin drop. He scooted over and let her pass as the rest of the men, eyes glued to Heather's body, watched her step out completely naked and into her robe the attendant was holding open for her.

"Right this way, ma'am." The attendant said and lead her to the facial room. Heather's heart raced thinking about how she was just completely exposed to those strangers. When she arrived, she was introduced to Barbara, her facialist. They began chatting while Barbara began the facial.

"So...what brings you to "Allure"? Barbara asked.

"We'll my husband surprised me with a gift card for my birthday." Heather said.

"Oh. Okay. Interesting. Well that was nice of him." Barbara said.

"Why is that interesting?" Heather asked.

"Well, we don't get very many women in here. You know, for the obvious reasons."

Heather thought about it and also began to wonder.

Barbara finished up Heather's facial and called for the attendant to escort her to her back the dressing rooms. When they arrived, the attendant asked for Heather's robe. She was naked once again in front of a clothed younger man.

Heather got dressed and walked to the spa entrance. As she passed the front desk, Heather noticed an opened office door behind the front desk. Inside was Bob, from the sauna. Heather was a bit confused but didn't really pay it any mind. When she walked out, Jim had the car pulled up waiting for her. Heather got inside and they exchanged a kiss.

"Well? How was it?" Jim asked.

"It was incredible. Thanks again babe. That was just what I needed." Heather said. "But I have to ask, what made you choose this spa to take me to?"

"Well, I have to be honest with you babe, I got a really good deal on the spa package. One of my clients actually owns it." Jim said.

Heather thought about it and asked, "which client?"

"His name is Bob. Bob Thompson. He actually is quite fond of you. Ever since he saw your pictures in my office, he is always asking how you're doing. The funny thing is, I was actually surprised when he offered me the spa package for you. I thought he was mad at me for convincing him to invest in that stock that bombed. But I guess not."

Heather realized what happened. She felt so bad for Jim. She couldn't tell him what happened in there.

"So, would you go back if I can get another good deal?" Jim asked.

"Sure. I think I would." Heather replied.
