The Early Years

From an early age, I remember feeling that I was different from the other kids. You've probably heard the story a hundred times: a boy that isn't like the other boys. That was me. Inside, putting on make-up and dresses and having tea parties with my large collection of stuffed animals. Thankfully, my parents never saw anything wrong with it. Unfortunately, we lived in a community that was far less accepting. I was bullied and picked on all the time in school. After years of abuse, mockery and ridicule, my parents opted to move us out to California in hopes of finding more acceptance for them and me. I left that small Midwest town as Sean Matthews and entered California as Sarah Matthews.
You see, as I grew older, it was clear to me that I was meant to be a woman. Sort of. Unlike many in my situation, I never felt like having a penis was an issue. I did want the feminine figure, though. The slim waist and the curvy hips and chest. The long, beautiful blonde hair and the perfectly round and tight ass. I saw the women on billboards and magazines and dreamt of being just like them. Fortunately for me, my dream would soon become a reality.
When I turned 11, my amazing parents began paying for the hormone therapy that would make all of that come true. Having come from a wealthy family opened up opportunities for me that I may not have had otherwise. My mother's connections in the pharmaceutical industry also opened up the opportunity to try some new, experimental drugs that had more profound effects on my change. Though the drugs were about 10 years away from being ready for the public, they had been in testing for almost 5 years by the time I started on them.
For the next several years, my body would go through quite a few changes. I never grew body hair, my hips widened and my waist stayed slim. My chest developed (more on that in a bit) and my facial features softened.
Amazingly, my penis continued to develop as well. We later found out that the new drug had some potential side effects, which all seemed to impact me. The drug could stunt growth somewhat, which explains why I'm still only 5'3" tall and just 108 pounds. It also had the potential side effect of not stopping the growth of my penis, which would end up at a very healthy 7" long. It looks even bigger when viewed against the contrast of my small frame. While other girls would have been disappointed in these side-effects, I loved them. My body developed into the body I had dare only dream about for so many years.
Oh, and about my chest. The main benefit of these new drugs was that some of the female development was amplified. Oh boy did they amplify. By age 12, my breasts were already a B-cup. At first it was a little odd, being so young with breasts like that, but I adjusted. By age 13, they were C-cups and quite lovely if I do say so myself. The boys also noticed these developments, though my parents grew concerned with the rapid growth and the attention it was drawing. I begged them not to take me off the therapy and they reluctantly obliged. By the time I hit age 14, I was toting around D-cups and subsequently grabbed the eye of every boy in school. The hormone therapy had worked, and by the time I was in high-school, I was one of the prettiest girls in school, with a shapely figure, round tight ass, and two DD cup breasts that every girl could only dream of. I was what I always wanted to be: the girl every boy wanted.
There was only one problem: I still had a cock.
As I said earlier, I never once considered that having a cock was an issue. In my mind, it didn't keep me from being a girl, it just made me a different kind of one. When I looked in the mirror, I saw a woman through and through. It's just that most boys don't see the same thing. High school boys are an insecure and obnoxious lot, and not particularly open-minded about these things. This made dating in high-school an exercise in futility. After the first date or two, they would eventually get really grabby (I couldn't blame them, my boobs are fantastic). Once they wanted more, though, I had to shut it down. I felt ok with who I was, but I didn't want to be outed in high school by an insecure jerk. I liked where I was at and didn't want to risk anyone finding out my little secret.
Even though I had an amazing body that drew the attention of every boy on campus, I mainly kept to myself. I didn't dare get involved with sports, lest my secret be exposed by the other girls. I was already a shy person to begin with, and being very different didn't help matters. Thus, I would graduate from high school having never had a real relationship or ever having been truly intimate with another person.
College Years

After graduating, I carefully considered my options before enrolling in a small community school not too far from UCLA. I wanted the full college experience, so I opted to live on campus. My dorm room was small and cozy with two double beds sharing a small 18x18 space. I still remember how my roommate introduced herself.
Patricia came stumbling into the room, nearly falling on her face as soon as her feet hit the floor (a sign of things to come). Once she righted herself, she straightened her glasses and gave the biggest and brightest smile I can ever remember.
"Hi, I'm Patricia, though my friends call me Patty. I'm your new roommate and I'm so excited that we're going to be rooming together and I can't wait to talk to you about all of my hobbies and ..."
To be honest, I can't remember everything she said, except to say that it went on for at least 45 seconds before Patty had to take a deep breath. When she did, I took the opportunity to introduce myself.
"Hi Patty, I'm Sarah. It's nice to meet you."
Patty was a sight. Though I wasn't attracted to women, I still knew a beautiful girl when I saw one. She wasn't beautiful in a beauty queen way, though. It was a more sincere and deep beauty. She was about 5'5" and all of 110 soaking wet. She had perky C-cup sized breasts which swayed fluidly every time she bounced or turned. She had shoulder length auburn hair that had the slightest curl to them and smelled of apricots and honeydew.
Patty had the softest skin and always smelled like she had danced through a soft spray of perfume and roses. Her nose was small and shaped like a button. Her cheeks and chin were smooth and every time she smiled - which was all the time - she had the most adorable dimples on each side. She had wide, beautiful green eyes that seemed to glimmer when hit by the light. I'd often just make eye contact with her, just to stare into those gorgeous pools of spirit. She wore thick, black glasses which hid some of her features, but conveyed her clumsy and goofy nature well. Her lips were pink and pouty and her ass was slim, but firm. She was perfect, and I couldn't have asked for a better friend and roommate.
I extended my hand only to be nearly tackled by the awkward beauty. She wrapped her arms around me like she was seeing a long-lost friend for the first time in years.
"I'm sorry. I forget that not everyone likes to be hugged. You don't mind, do you?" Patty said as she awkwardly let me go.
"It's fine. I don't mind being hugged at all." I replied, only to be bear- hugged yet again by the ball of energy in front of me.
With that, our friendship began. Patty was talkative and spunky and clumsy as a blind, three-legged donkey. She was also wickedly sarcastic and incredibly smart. We would take several classes together during our first semester, and without her, I'm not sure how I would have survived. We ate together, went to class together and were nearly inseparable anywhere we went. We grew incredibly close in a short span of time.
We both dated guys here and there, but neither of us were really interested in getting too serious. We were having too much fun watching the guys drool and stumble over themselves when talking to us. It was flattering and we loved it. Both Patty and I used our best assets to get into clubs and to get the boys to pay for our meals and drinks. You'd be surprised how quickly a boy melts when you slightly shake your considerable cleavage in his face. One after one, they'd fall over and bend to our will and Patty and I never hesitated to take advantage of it. This went on for our entire first year of school, including summer semester, which we both opted to stay for.
The Incident

During our second year in college, Patty and I were out and about during a weeknight. We were taking advantage of several guys who were convinced they were in our league, having them buy us dinner and drinks. Lots of drinks. Too many, to be honest. As Patty and I stumbled out the door of the restaurant at the end of the night, we gave the boys fake phone numbers and told them to call us tomorrow - something we did all the time.
Patty and I walked arm-in-arm back to our dorm, though I'm not sure how either of us remembered how to get there.
I unlocked the door and proceed to flop into my bed, looking back at my roommate to make sure she was still alive. Patty, however, was still at the doorframe hanging on for dear life. Her head was bobbing around like it was filled with 50 pounds of water.
She planted her right foot, then her left and as she lifted her foot for that third step, it was as if a sudden gust of wind pushed her from behind. She began stumbling and falling forward - in my direction. With a loud thump, she fell right on top of me, giggling the entire time.
"Oh Sarah, I'm so sorry. I'm such a klutz sometimes" she said while staring intently into my eyes.
God, her eyes were so beautiful. I got lost staring into them, not thinking about how to respond.
"It's ok." I whispered softly back at her, my breathing noticeably heavier - as was hers.
There was a long pause as we laid their frozen, staring at one another.
Her left hand was resting lightly on my ribs, with her thumb laying on the wire of my bra. Her face was incredibly close to mine. So close, the tips of our noses touched ever so slightly, which sent a chill up my spine. I felt her hand move ever so slightly, with her thumb caressing my breast lightly and intentionally.
I was frozen. Her soft touch felt so good and I quietly moaned without even realizing it. Her eyes brightened at hearing it, then closed slowly as she proceeded to lay her lips on mine. Instinctually, my lips slightly opened and I felt her tongue pass in gently and rub against my lips, going deeper until our tongues were softly wrestling. My body reacted strongly to the kiss. My nipples hardened almost instantly and yes - my cock began to throb and grow in my jeans.
Our kiss grew more intense, with Patty doing most of the work. At this point, her left hand was far more active, cupping my breast while her thumb rubbed my nipple through my shirt and bra. My body quivered in delight and my moaning was more pronounced than before.
Instinctively, I reached my hand up and took her covered breast in my hand. I repaid the favor, softly rubbing her hardening nipple through her shirt and enjoying her moans of delight.
Patty stopped kissing me long enough to give me a devilish smile and swiftly lift her shirt over her head. She tossed her shirt onto her bed and proceeded to pop the front clasp of her bra, giggling the entire time. Her perfectly shaped, C-cup breasts bounced out of the bra and jiggled ever so slightly as she tossed her bra to the floor. Her nipples were pink and hard, with a large light pink areola surrounding them. Her right hand reached up to her own breast and she pinched her own nipple between her index and thumb, moaning sexually as she did it. It only turned me on further.
She began kissing me again, only stopping to mutter "take yours off." I placed my hand against her chest and pushed her back with some force. At first, her eyes met mine and I could see a twinge of fear until I sat up and proceeded to lift my shirt over my head, throwing it to the floor with a big smile on my face. I couldn't even finish taking the shirt off before Patty was grasping urgently at my bra behind me, gently kissing my neck as she did. She quickly unlatched the clasps and my breasts burst out in front of her.
My nipples were pink and stiff and with no hesitation, Patty thrust my right nipple into her mouth. She sucked on it and her tongue whipped back and forth across it. The sensation was intense and I sighed deeply which only made her more vigorous. Her right hand grabbed my left breast and she was lightly twisting my nipple with her fingers, intensifying my reaction. I was panting and began moaning "yes, yes" as she proceeded to suck on my heaving breasts.
"My god Sarah, your boobs are ... just, wow" Patty muttered as she continued to suckle on me, driving me further and further into ecstasy.
Patty suddenly stopped, then pulled back and stood up. She unbuttoned her jeans and quickly pulled both her jeans and her bright red lace panties to the floor. She was suddenly naked before me, with a cleanly shaven pussy that was clearly ready for some action. Her body seemed to glisten, while her beautiful breasts swayed fluidly with each slight movement. I looked her up and down, and I felt my cock stiffen to the point of pain at the sight of her incredible body.
Suddenly, my mind raced. What was about to happen? I had never been this far with another person before, and I never thought it would be with another girl. Before I could think any further, Patty had already unbuttoned my jeans and was beginning to pull them off. The alcohol had dulled my senses considerably and by the time I realized what was happening, the bulge was all too apparent.
"Holy shit! You have a dick!" Patty said breathlessly, clearly shocked to see my rock hard shaft before her.
"Oh god Patty, I'm so, so sorry. I should have said something to you long bef..." and before I could finish my sentence, Patty had already grabbed my throbbing, pulsing cock with her right hand and was sucking on the head intently, while her hand stroked up and down my shaft.
"Oh god Patty, that feels ama uhhhhhhh"
Patty continued to bob her head up and down on my cock, stopping intermittently to lick my shaft from bottom to top. All the while, her right hand was gently caressing my sack, which only intensified the pleasure. Her left hand stayed occupied with my right breast, tweaking my nipple and massaging the entirety of my double D-cup mound. My body quivered with every twist, every bob, and every lick.
Patty abruptly stopped, got up and crawled onto the bed. She lifted her leg and straddled over me, kissing me passionately on the lips again. Both her hands worked their way to my breasts, where she continued massaging them while brushing her fingers over my erect, pink nipples. Without breaking her lips away from mine, Patty reached down and grabbed my rock hard cock and rubbed the head against her swollen, wet pussy. Slowly, she began to lower herself onto my cock, moaning in intense pleasure as it slide inside of her. "Mmmmmmmm. That feels so good." The sensation of going inside her caused my cock to quiver, which seemed to intensify the pleasure for her even more.
Once I was fully inside of her, she stopped. Her eyes were closed tightly and she was softly biting the right corner of her bottom lip. I felt her body tighten against my cock, which rippled goosebumps up and down my arms. She slowly opened her eyes and looked deeply into mine, leaning in to give me a deep and passionate kiss. Then she started moving up and down on my cock, moaning with every up and down movement.
"Uhhhhh. Sarah, you feel so good inside me. Ohhhh god, it feels so good."
Her hands were firmly placed under both my breasts, massaging them while occasionally brushing my nipples with her fingers. The sensation was incredible and I could feel my body pulsating with every movement.
Her moaning intensified as she moved faster, as did mine. I began breathlessly saying "oh god, yes" as she continued up and down on my rock hard shaft. I reached up and grabbed her soft, supple breasts as well and massaged them the same way she had done to me. I grabbed her rock hard nipples with my fingers and lightly tweaked them, which drew a "holy shit, yesssss" out of Patty.
I leaned forward and placed my lips around her right breasts and sucked hard, brushing my tongue back and forth against her hardened nipple. I let go, only to quickly latch onto the other breast. Her boobs were amazing, and the more I suckled, the harder she pounded on me. Faster and faster, she pulsed up and down on me as we both moaned intensely, occasionally kissing with our mouths half open and our tongues searching for one another.
In seconds, the build-up became nearly too much and I felt my cock begin to pulse as I exploded inside of her. Years of sexual frustration let lose all at once, with Patty reaching her climax at almost the exact same time. When she felt me cumming inside of her, her entire body stiffened and began to quiver. Her eyes were pinched tightly closed with her head tilted back and her mouth hanging open.
"Oh shiiiittttttt" was all she could get out of her mouth until she suddenly went limp, and collapsed off of me and next to my side. We laid perfectly still for nearly a minute before her hand drifted up, resting underneath my breast as she playfully bounced my flesh around ever so slightly. She giggled as she did it, saying "your body is amazing, Sarah."
As she rested next to me, she pulled my head to face her and she kissed me again, this time softly and gently with closed lips.
"That was incredible." she whispered softly, clearly worn out from the night's activities. "But we need to talk about this tomorrow." she added.
Laying there, I realized I had just had my first sexual experience - with another girl. I felt incredible and glowing, as I drifted into a deep and peaceful sleep.