TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAY 2006 By C.D.E. & Es2c ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, Mdom, Tranny)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Note From The Authors:

We have decided to start a series of stories from the case files of Dr. Judy, the famous Relationship Counselor, dealing with mild mannered husbands, who besides being cuckolded by their wives, are also being taken advantaged of, and in most cases, subjugated by their in-laws as well. 

STORY SERIES: The Saga of Cuckolded and Subjugated Son-in-Laws  Vol-1
Authors: C.D.E. & Es2c

Sub-Story Title: The Case File of Alton, Amy, and Alvin

A NOTE FROM Dr. Judy:
Readers, when C.D.E. And Es2c approached me with their idea, I was delighted to help.  Please note, the names of my the characters in these story portrayals are not the names of my actual patients.  This was done to protect their identity.  The main reason I agreed to this project was to get the word out to other husbands who may find themselves in similar situation as the characters in my case file.  The message to take away from these accounts is that it is okay, and very accepted, natural to be cuckolded, as well as to be a subjugated son-in-law if that's what it takes to keep your wife and marriage happy and to have a harmonious relationship with your in-laws.


CAST:
Alton - Husband
Alton's Mom
Amy  Alton's Wife
Alvin - Amy's Dad

	
	Well mother... SIGH! ... how do I look?  I said in a tone of resignation.

	Just like a cute little sissy that will have men hard in a flash. I love your hair and makeup. I think Alvin is right to have you dress in drag and wearing those black, open toe, sling back, low heels.  They contrast so well with the bright pink shimmering nylons.  Your toe nails look nice with that ultra pink polish and of course so does your matching fingernails and glossy lipstick.  And I just love your pants - they really accentuate your hips and make you look more womanly.  And son, that matching pink blouse is so sheer, sexy and alluring. The pearl necklace, ring, and bracelet really enhances your appearance too.  Overall sweetie, you project a nice image of a Tranny out for a night of wanton pleasure.

	Yes, I have to admit I do look attractive if I say so myself.  But mother, I-I kinda wished you and Amy and her mother would've stop her dad from making me do these things for him.

	Honey, you know how determined he is.  If we did, he'd work that hard to convince all of us how right he is to make you more of a sissy fag slut.

	I-I don't know how far more he has to go.  You know mother, I can't believe how many cocks I've sucked in the last 6 months or the number of different men that have had their big stiff dicks in my mouth and up my rear.

	Sweetie, your sissy pussy, remember?

	Oh yes, that's what Dr. Judy told me to call it.  But either way, I've sucked and been fucked a lot since Amy's Dad first pushed his big hard dick in my mouth and made me suck his hot cum out and swallow it all.

	Yes dear, you sure have become a changed person, and I think for the better, don't you?

	I-I don't know.  I-I guess so.  I-I sorta wished it all could've worked out differently.  However, SIGH! I have to admit I've grown fond of men wanting to put their dicks in my mouth and have me swallow all their spurting hot sticky gooey cum.  Their hot creamy semen doesn't taste bad at all.  I-I guess I have Amy to thank for introducing me to the taste of cum.  And  with Dr. Judy's help, I also discovered just how much fun and pleasure it is having intercourse with horny men and getting fucked and filled with their hot slimy jism.

	Yes, you should be thankful to Amy and Dr. Judy for for all they have done.  After all, if Amy hadn't fallen for you and your skillful tongue and lips, you wouldn't have gotten to known her or her dad.  And baby I understand how you feel about wishing you could be more manly, but the truth is that you're a wimpy guy.  It's your nature.  Right?

	Y-Yes mother, you're right.

	And son, just like Dr. Judy told you,  a slut such as Amy and a wimp like you, especially since you know you like the taste of her cum soaked snatch, are literally a match made in heaven for each other.  And sweetie, as far as her dad, I know you understand by now, he can't be blamed for doing all he's done to you and for you.  You're just a nice boy that's wimpy and with that slightly girlie face and soft skin, it's understandable why a real man like  Amy's dad would be aroused enough to want you to be his cocksucker and to eventually make you his pussy boy toy.

	Y-Yes, now I do.  At first it was difficult to see why he would make me get on my knees and use my mouth the way he did.  He knew I had, and was still sucking Amy's cunt after her different boyfriends had intercourse with her.  Dr. Judy insisted that I continue doing that for Amy as part of us mending the rift in our relationship.  As you know, Amy also insisted too.  And as you know, since I had found the taste of her rather savory, when she was that way, a-and because I loved her too much and was too weak willed to refuse her, I-I capitulated, despite that I felt humiliated about sucking up other men's leavings from her delectable pussy.  A pussy, you know that was off limits for me to put my cock in until after the wedding.

	 Well anyway, Amy's dad knew I was no stranger to the taste of sperm.  So when he approached me about sucking his cock for him, I was appalled that he c-could even ask me to do such a thing.  I told him that and that it was different what Amy and I had and that it was different doing it for a woman.  Of course that's when he countered and eventually threatened to hit me if I didn't do as he wanted.

	He never hit you if I remembered.  Right?

	No he didn't, he just threatened.  B-But that was enough.  He's a big man.  A-And you k-Know how easily I'm intimidated and how much I-I hate violence and confrontation.  S-So that's why I did as he directed me.

	Yes, you are weak in that regard, and that's why you couldn't help giving in to Amy's Dad's demands and that's also why he did what he did it in the first place was because of your weakling girlish boy mannerism.

	Yes I know.  After he finished with me and I had swallowed all his cum  there was a lot of it too  he tried to explain the same thing to me.  And by the time he wanted to use my mouth the second time, I began to realize that he was serious and I-I had no choice but to try a-and understand it all, since he was determined to have me be his cocksucker.

	If I recall, you really didn't have a problem with the taste of his sperm that first time and found that it was just more concentrated than when you ate it out of Amy.  Right?

	Y-Yes ma'am that's right.  A-And secretly, t-the taste and feel of having my mouth stuffed full of his big erection was intriguing to me too, even though I-I was humiliated to be on my knees sucking his magnificent and handsome penis, as well as fondling his huge hairy balls as he demanded.

	But when he approached me the second time, he did seem remorseful for threatening me before.  That made me feel better. And he apologized, but let me know that I was  really to blame for him getting all excited and aroused in the first place.  Well, I didn't know quite what to think, but he got me to feeling guilty about getting him all aroused.

	Sometime while he and I were talking, he simply slipped down his trousers and exposed his crotch and big cock again.  He got another erection and said he had to ask me again to take care of it for him, simply because he was a man and that I was a weak sissy boy that he could take advantage of. For some reason, that seemed so logical and understandable to me.  He let me know, if he had to hit me, he would, that is, to make me give him the good head I gave him the last time.

	Well, mother as you know, I certainly didn't want to get beaten up, so without him telling me, I got on my knees between his legs and did him just as before.  For some reason, the whole suck off that time was better than before and his hot cum even tastier.

	After I had milked him for a while, that is, after he had ejaculated in my mouth, he held his fist up to my face and declared that I sucked his dick too good for him to let me stop.  He told me that just as his daughter Amy found me too good of a sucker to fall out of love with, he also couldn't stop using my mouth for his relief and pleasure. So you might as well get use to it.  Understand pussy mouth boy?  Knowing he was serious and meant business, I meekly replied Y-Yes sir.

	And son, that was the right thing for you to do.  Alton,  sweetie, you're not a very strong willed or assertive person.  I think we both have known that for a long time.  So when you were  attracted to Amy who is more assertive than you and is beautiful also, I knew she would be the stronger partner in your relationship.  And I thought that was good, because I think you need an assertive take charge spouse.  And when her dad took an interest in you, I also thought that was good for you too, even if it was in a rather unconventional father-in-law and son-in-law relationship.  But hey, it has been good for you and also for him too.

	You know mother, I can see now why some might say, I'm being put upon and made a fool of. But like Dr. Judy has told me several times, I'm lucky to have such a beautiful wife and even if I only get to put my tongue in her cunt 99% of the time, at least I do have a pussy to lick.  Dr. Judy has let me know that many wimpy guys like me only have their hands to comfort them.

	And you know mother, after all this time of me cleaning up other men's spent leaving from her pussy and jacking off, I have come to see  that this is probably the best arrangement for me.

	Yes son, I have to agree with you.  And what her dad has you doing for him really adds a nice touch of harmony to your marriage and total relationship with your in-laws.

	Yes,  I have to agree with you on that.  All those dicks he's responsible for going in my mouth and leaving their loads of hot jism has also been good for me too.  Otherwise I would've never known that I could be so good at doing that, or just how enjoyable it is being on my knees and giving head to horny men.

	Not to mention the public service of your doing that  that is you being there for her dad to offer you to give reasonable priced blowjobs to horny men who can't afford more than  $20 to buy sex.  And for those that can afford a few dollars more to fuck your cute rump are always in for a treat for a cheap fuck.

	You know mother,  Amy's dad talked about that too.  He also said I should feel that I was performing a public service too and feel a sense of pride and honor at being able to help others out in such a needful way.

	Of course you should son, I know I'm proud of you helping others out the way you are and have been for the last few years.  And  through your whoring, Amy's dad provided you with another source of income to provide for your little ones.

	Yes, that was a beneficial fall out from his making me his sissy whore.  It does make me feel good to hear Amy's praise about me being a good provider.

	Yes you are Alton, and it's even more praiseworthy since you're just the daddy, not the real farther, of she and your 5 kids.

	As you may remember mother, when Amy told me she wanted all our children to be by her real men friends, and not me, I was a bit upset, but Dr. Judy and you counseled and consoled me and got me over my funk and got me to accept that doing what Amy desired was the best for me and another exceptional way to prove my love to her by helping her raising her love children.

	Yes Alton, Dr. Judy and I both were so delighted that you came around to seeing things our way.

	I know it took longer than you two and Amy, as well as her family thought it should, but I did come around and accepted that Amy should be impregnated by better men than I.  And  Dr. Judy really got me to see that I should be honored to raise babies the woman I love, had by other men. 

	Yes I remember the time you came to me after a session with Dr. Judy and told me you had come to that conclusion.  You said it was like an epiphany  that is, the thoughts  just popped into my head out of the blue.  You also had accepted that it was okay to wear that electronic prick management system device that Amy  desired you to wear so as to be sure you kept yourself a virgin for her.

	Y-Yes, you're right on both counts mother.  I-I never did remember how I came to accept it all, b-but I did.  Dr. Judy repeatedly told me not worry about how I came to see that it was good to do those things, but more importantly that I did.

	And dear, Dr. Judy was correct on both accounts.  And as things have worked out, you now see how following good advice has made your marriage a harmonious one.  And even though Amy has complete freedom to have sex with whoever she pleases, and whenever she desires, we all were thrilled that you came to understand that it wasn't all that unusual for her  to dictate to you when you can have sex, and whether she'll permit you to have it or not.

	 And yes, she can do so unilaterally and you have no say so about that or her having sex whenever she desires with whoever she desires too.  And since she controls the device on your little pecker, it's only right you obey her without question or conditions. You are the lesser partner in the marriage and that's just the way it is, so you've had to get  use to it.  That's all there is to it.

	Y-Yes I have learned that over the years.

	Dear you had some difficulty at first dealing with the fact that both Amy and her dad were going to subject you to corporal punishment and whip you just as I did.  But, again, being the wimp you are, you got use to it and began to take your whipping  like the good little boy you are.

	Yes, it was difficult for me to deal with both wanting to punish me.  However, after they both got Dr. Judy to counsel me that them whipping me was therapeutic for them because it helped them both relieved the stress that normally builds up in aggressive demanding people such as them.  In addition, she said that it was mutually beneficial for me because it was a wonderful reminder that I should not add to their stress by being uncooperative when they asked  things of me.

	As you know dear, it really worked for me when I whip you.  You tend to be very cooperative after a few lashes with one of my paddles or short whips.

	I-I know mother.  B-But I-I never thought my wife a-and least of all my future father-in-law, would result to s-such violence to persuade me to do what they desired of me.  I-I was hoping t-that getting punished like you did to me would all be behind me when I got married, but alas, I was wrong.

	Dear, you were wrong about that, but you have to admit that the whippings they've been giving you over the years has kept you the same nice mannerly boy I strived to shaped you into and kept you from being over pretentious about yourself and any silly thoughts you might have about you being macho.

	W-Well they both hit hard enough to make me remember my place as a wimp.  The pain is so intense at times, b-but I-I guess I-I've gotten use to that a-and am always glad w-when it's over.  Dr. Judy told me to expect that and just bear it out and keep in mind, that it'll soon be over.

	That's the same thing I told you sweetie.

	HONK! HONK!

	That's Amy's dad here to pick me up.  Well mother, thanks again for letting me dress up here and not have the kids see me getting ready for a night of being a tranny whore for their granddad.

	You're very welcome son.   Here, give your mama a kiss before you go out to do your duty helping hordes of horny men get off and taking all their hot gooey sticky cum.

	Mother and sissy son kiss on the mouth passionately as they have been for many years.

	Thanks mom.

	And son, may you have a good night of getting dicked.

###END###