The Exhibitionist
bypat970©

My beautiful friend Belle now liked to come over whenever her boyfriend was out of town and do things together with me. Her boyfriend was very conservative, and did not like her to wear anything that was in the least bit provocative. Belle was a beautiful woman, with beautiful ebony skin, a great smile, and a fantastic body.

One Saturday, we were sitting around the house on a summer day, when she said to me, "You know, I've always had a bit of an exhibitionist nature. I was wondering if you could make me do some things that would satisfy that in me."

I smiled and thought for awhile. Finally, I said, "Well, why don't we try something that won't get us in too much trouble to begin with?" 

"What?" Belle begged me to tell her.

I said, "I want you to go home, put on a skimpy top with no bra, and a short skirt with no panties. I'll come pick you up on my Harley, and we can go for a ride around town!"

She giggled at the thought of riding behind me with her nipples pressed against my back and her wet pussy pressed against my ass. She gave me a huge hug and a kiss and bounded out of the door, practically running to her car. 

Belle yelled over her shoulder, "Come pick me up in 15 minutes!"

I could hardly wait. I went outside and started my bike. I had tuned it up the weekend before, and really was looking forward to a ride. Now even more so with my friend on the back, dressed the way she would be....

I started it up and headed over to pick her up. When I got there, Belle came out of the door with a wave. Her soft, brown hair reached down around her practically bare shoulders. Her top barely held in her soft, delicate breasts. I could already tell she was excited to go by the fact her nipples clearly were straining to get out from under the fabric.

I resisted the urge to play with them when she came up and gave me a big hug and a kiss on the mouth. I did reach down and play with her butt through her very short little skirt that she had on. It barely covered her butt as she had to get on her tip toes to kiss me. 

I sneaked a couple fingers up under the skirt to rub the cheeks of her ass.

Belle laughed and slapped me on the shoulder. 

"Quit that!" as she playfully punched me on the arm.

"Where are we going?" Belle asked.

"I thought we would cruise downtown, take it slow, and let all the drivers in town see what a pretty girl I have on the back of my bike!"

She smiled and got on the bike. I got a flash of her freshly shaved pussy as she did so!!!

I knew I forgot something. I thought about the fact I would need to have a handkerchief to wipe off my seat when she got off. I just knew she would drip some fresh cum by the time our ride was over!

I smiled and thought to myself, "What a problem to have!" 

I started the bike and we turned down the street. I looked in the rear view mirror and saw my beautiful friend Belle had a huge smile on her face. I kind of moved my back a little, giving her a hint to draw close. She wrapped her arms around my chest, and spread her legs even more to get her pussy at the right angle next to me.

I was dying to reach around and stick my finger inside her, but decided I might get slapped!

We drove downtown, and I noticed all the guys would look twice when they saw her. It made me jealous, and a little proud to know I got to take her home when we were done with this ride.

As I pulled up to a stoplight, Belle took her arms from around my chest and reached behind me and pulled her hair into a ponytail. She also took her legs and wrapped them around my waist. I could see her breasts move, and her nipples were fully extended. She licked her lips and started to put on some lip balm. She was really enjoying what she was doing, knowing everyone was watching her every move!

Belle had the desired effect on the guys in both vehicles on either side of us. They stared as if caught in the headlights like a deer. 

The lights turned green and I started to pull away. Belle put her feet back on the pads, and wrapped her arms around me. 

I looked in the rear view mirror and noticed it took over 20 seconds for either vehicle that was beside us to begin moving!!!

Belle looked at me and smiled. She leaned forward and said,

"My pussy is so WET right now!!! I'm going to fuck you so hard when we get home!!!"

With that, she reached down, and gave my shorts a good hard grab, right where my cock was bulging through the seams....

We repeated this little scene about six times at various locations around town. Each time, the driver's in the other vehicles would all stare, and she would get a huge kick out of teasing them!

Finally, I drove to another part of town. I knew just the right dirt road, with the gravel making a washboard effect as you bumped over each little mound. As I turned slowly on to the road, I grabbed her left leg and pulled it up around my waist. Then I did the same to the other leg.

Belle's part of the seat was a little higher than mine. This allowed her to position her pussy right next to my spine. She pulled up my shirt and wiggled as close as she could get to me. Her warm, wet pussy felt good against my back.

The road was deserted and over 3 miles long. I drove just the right speed to make the bike rock gently up and down.

Belle grabbed my chest even harder now. I could feel her nipples poking me in the back through my shirt! I felt a little more moisture on my lower back where her hips were now grinding away with each bump! 

I looked in the rear view mirror and could tell she was enjoying every bump, every sensation that was going through her legs, and waist. She had her eyes closed, but still had a smile on her face!

When I came to a stop sign a couple miles down the road, s Belle didn't loosen her grip. Her eyes were still closed, and her breathing was rapid, shallow and erratic. Her legs and hips trembled and shook!

She was having an orgasm!!!

I sat there enjoying the effect of having her behind me, enjoying the sensations that were running through her body!!! 

Belle finally looked at me through the rear view mirror, and then gave me a long kiss on the back of my neck.

"Oh baby, that felt so good! I can't wait to let you have your way with me!" She said.

I smiled, put the bike in gear, and drove home....

