Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Three: Finding the Slut Wife, Part Six
Summary: Zach learns something major.
Keywords: Ff fsolo mF incest oral BDSM lesdom spank toy exib voy super

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Eleven

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

After being dropped off at my house by Sable's limo, I had questions. Who was Charles Swartzenburg? I needed to find out everything I could about him and what he was really doing here. I knew one day I would draw attention, but so early?

I was barely getting started.

I opened my laptop and ran a virtual machine that was configured in a certain way to be harder to trace. I used a VPN and an IP masker. I started poking around on the internet, researching Charles Swartzenburg.

The first hits were on the father.

I thought Charles had been lying to me until I remembered he was the second. This was the old man. He was one of the richest men alive. One of those old moneyed families that descended from the incestuous European aristocracy.

A hundred or so years ago, Charles would be the duke of such and such or prince of wherever. The family had money and diverse holdings. It was hard to track the portfolio, but it was sprawling. Several financial institutions, investment banks, and a number of companies which ran from green technology to oil production. He had his hands in everything.

Pharmaceuticals, weapons, technology.

Then there were the politicians he supported. The nonprofit action groups that weren't for any candidate, but somehow attacked all the opponents of the ones he supported directly. Lots of prosecutors and school board support, too. Local stuff, not just the state and national level.

And that was just in the United States.

He ran or was associated with numerous NGOs. Charities that did work across the world. It was an expansive portfolio built up generationally for hundreds of years. He was in the same league as the Bilderbergs but with a much lower profile.

Charles Swartzenburg didn't want to be famous. Didn't want people talking about him. Owning or having stakes in many media companies helped. But there was chatter on obscure message boards. Places that were the last bastions of real speech on the internet.

Places full of horrible shit that was mostly the posters being as vile as possible for the lulz, but mixed in were all sorts of conspiracy theories that were more often than not right. The Swartzenburg family popped up in all of them.

They were associated with dark rituals. Demon worship. Sacrificing the firstborn for power. It was hard to see if that was true. Did the Charles I know have an older brother? I couldn't find that out for certain. His mother was an aristocrat herself.

Of course.

He's definitely a Molech worshiper, Nisha said. The signs are all there. And if his son is sixteen, he must have gone through the First Rite. The incestuous rite of claiming his mother as his birthright and lover. That's why she's bound to him.

And they've already detected me. I leaned back into my chair, feeling the weight of this news pressing down on me. The war's begun.

What are you going to do? 

I looked at her and smiled. Play the game. He's here to feel me out, right? They didn't go fro the kill, did they? Let's see if we can't turn this to our advantage.

Risky.

I nodded. This is all about risk.

Moira would be warding Sable's servants and parents. Susannah was mine. There was not much he could do to me that would stop my plans directly. He could still come at me indirectly. The excitement swept through me.

For now, I would see how he moved and respond. The board had to be developed more. We had barely opened up with our pawns. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I strode into my house not at all happy with Ms. Denise. She followed in behind me, sensing my displeasure. She had panted over a man. Not Zach, who was allowed since he was my... superior. She had lusted for that rich, little dick.

I turned to face Denise, Moira following in after. She was happy, her brother's cum leaking out of her cunt. I didn't care what she would do. I stared at Ms. Denise, though. My chauffeur swallowed, dressed in her sexy chauffeur's uniform, her blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail.

Strip naked, fetch a ring gag and a flogger, then kneel before me, I commanded.

Yes, Mistress, she gasped and started stripping naked.

Oh, my, was she naughty, Mistress, Cosette one of the two maids cooed. She was the chamber maid. Her honey-brown hair fell around her face, a wicked smile dimpling her cheeks. Tut, tut.
Strip me, I said as I watched Ms. Denise undo her blouse.

Yes, Mistress, Cosette cooed.

She pulled off my blouse with care and folded it. She set it on a buffet before returning to me and unhooking my bra. Ms. Denise dropped her clothing. As my large breasts spilled out into two lush mounds, Ms. Denise's round and lush boobs appeared.

She bent down to unlace her boots, her tits jiggling. I watched on as she stripped, Cosette working off my skirt next. I was naked beneath, my thigh-highs stockings and heels all I had. My pussy dripped with my excitement.

Denise pulled off her boots before wiggling out of her tight skirt and shoving it down. Moira watched on. She was fingering her pussy, her eyes full of delight at what she witnessed, of course. She was supposed to be doing magic.
Such a lazy slut.


Ms. Denise rose naked and moved through the living room to a cabinet. She opened it to reveal BDSM gear.

Do you have those stashed around the house? Moira asked, spoiling the ritual. Everyone was supposed to be quiet now.

Yes, I hissed. I have a slave to discipline.

Oh, right, Moira said. Mmm, discipline. That'll be hot.

I ground my teeth together. I had no leverage on her. Nothing I could do to command her. She took nothing seriously and had no shame, so I had handles to use to bend her soul to my will. She would just slip out of my grasp.

Ms. Denise selected a ring gag and a flogger. Black with metal washers punched through the ends to add an extra sting. She didn't rush to me. She moved with stately grace, accepting her punishment. She didn't flinch from it or try to race through it.

Perfect.

She reached me and purred, I'm sorry for being a lusty whore and showing desire for an inferior man in your presence.

I smiled and took the ring gag. She opened her mouth. I shoved it in and roughly tied it behind her back. She would earn her apology. I loved how she looked with her lips forced open, her tongue able to thrust out and pleasure me. 

I held out my hand. She placed the flogger in it.

Without being told what to do, she dropped to her knees, grabbed my naked ass, and buried her face into my cunt. Her spread-open lips rubbed on my cunt. Her tongue swept out and stroked through my folds. Pleasure swept through me.

Yes, I groaned as I gripped the flogger. I stared down at her ass. Yes, yes, show me how sorry you are, you dirty whore! 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

The flogger slapped across her butt-cheeks, leaving them red and burning bright. I loved the sight. It was such a delicious look. My pussy ached, her tongue fluttering through my folds. She moaned from the pain of her punishment.

Ms. Denise moaned as she licked with more force at my pussy. She stroked across my folds and brushed my clit. I reveled in the power I had over her. I loved how her blue eyes stared up at me with such worship in them.

She knew who owned her. 

SWISH! 

I loved the sound of the flogger swinging through the air before the moment of stinging impact. 
CRACK!

She moaned into my cunt, her ass growing even brighter red. Little marks dimpled her rump from the washers. She trembled, her hips wiggling back and forth. She selected this instrument. She wanted me to flog her like this.

It was such a rush to flog her as she feasted on me. I loved her licking at me. She lapped at me with everything that she had. I groaned, savoring the way her tongue swirled around in my snatch, teasing me with her hunger.

You're never going to look at a man again who isn't Zach, right? I asked, staring down at her.

She moaned her no into my pussy.

That's right! 

SWISH! 

CRACK!

That sound made my cunt clench. It was such a beautiful noise. I loved it. My orgasm built in me just from the flogger striking her rump alone. Her tongue fluttering up and down my folds was just an added bonus to the power I had over her.

I owned her. I could do what I want with her. It was such a heady thought. I felt so powerful as I drew back my flogger again. Her eyes stared up at me with such glazed lust in them. She wanted me to spank her naughty ass. 

SWISH! 

CRACK!

She craved it. 

SWISH! 

CRACK!

Her tongue flicked over my clit. She stroked it as I groaned, my boobs jiggling. I loved what she did to me. She drove me wild with that hot tongue. She danced it over my clit as I whipped her naughty ass.

Cheating on me with your eyes! 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

She squealed into my cunt.  

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

Naughty whore! 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

Do you even deserve to be my sex slave after that? 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

She squealed in a panic now. She really stroked her tongue over my clit. She wanted to be my sex slave. I shuddered, savoring what she did to me. It was an incredible rush to have her tongue stroking over my bud. 

I whimpered again and again. I savored that hot pleasure rushing through me. It was outstanding. My head tossed from side to side. It was just a rush to have all that pleasure surging through my body. I quivered, my heart beating a mile a minute in my chest. 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

Why should I keep such a slut? I demanded.

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

She moaned around my clit and flicked her tongue so fast against it, swelling me to my orgasm. I came closer and closer to it.

SWISH! 

CRACK!

Because you're going to make me cum? Is that enough, bitch? 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

We'll see, I groaned. Just keep tonguing me, you dirty cunt! Those eyes are mine! They don't feast on men! Just one man! Him! No one else, you hear me! 

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

She moaned, her ass bright red, crisscrossed with welts. I had smacked her hard. I loved the sight as her tongue stroked over my pearl. The pleasure hit that amazing bursting point. I couldn't take much more of this.

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

I climaxed.

Fucking worm! I gasped as my pussy juices gushed out of my cunt and bathed her mouth.
She groaned, drinking my pussy cream. She licked them up as I shuddered through my ecstasy. I gasped out in delight, my passion echoing through my living room. My eyes rolled back in my head at the delight that gushed through me.

SWISH! 

CRACK! 

I slapped her again as I trembled through my orgasm. I loved the way that she licked at me. She lapped with such feverish hunger on me. I shuddered, my orgasm reaching that wonderful peak. I quivered there and smiled.

I panted as she tongued me a few more times. I breathed in softly as I glanced over at Moira. She was masturbating and muttering beneath her breath. I frowned at her. What was she doing? Was she binding my sex slaves to Zach?

I ripped Ms. Denise's lips from my pussy. I stared down at her. You are not allowed to cum for a week. Find a butt plug, and stick it in your ass. You will wear it at all times unless you are in the toilet.

She nodded.

Go!

She gained her feet, her big boobs heaving, and raced for the cabinet to get a butt plug. I watched her redden ass shaking back and forth. She wouldn't cum. She was a good slave. She hadn't even done anything wrong. 

Not really.

It was that little fucker's fault. The things I would love to do to him. He was a dangerous threat. I moved to my chair as I watched my sex slave push in her butt plug. I would need to come up with a plan to eliminate him.

If I was to be the Mistress Bitch lurking in the shadows, then I would have to take care of all the wetwork. I smiled, closed my eyes, and thought. In the background, Moira whimpered as she came, her voice hardly a distraction. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

I gasped as my orgasm burst through me. 

Anahita, I whispered as softly as I could.

Mmm, you called, Mistress, Ms. Rayne, my succubus, purred. I used her real name to get her to appear out of the shadows. She stretched, naked.

Cosette the maid squeaked and jumped. Ms. Denise froze in the process of working her thick butt plug into her asshole. Then she just kept shoving into her asshole as she ignored the magically appearing teacher.

Ms. Rayne stretched, her big boobs jiggling. She licked her lips as she glanced down at my fingers emerging out of my pussy covered in my pussy cream and cum. My succubus quivered in delight at the sight of the mix of taboo juices.

I had chained her to me with my brother's cum mixed with my cunt cream.

I rose to my feet and shoved those fingers into her mouth. She nursed on them, her tongue dancing around my digits to clean them off. I smiled at her as she quivered in delight. I clenched my twat to keep in the rest of my brother's jizz.

She slid her lips off and purred, Mmm, you want to do a ritual.

We have to bind the people in this house to my brother, I purred. Not me or Sable, of course, but the sex slaves. Her mother, father, two maids, and the chauffeur.

Of course, Mistress, cooed my sex slave. And you have my price.

On your knees, I ordered. Cosette, I need a dildo.

A thick one, Ms. Rayne added. 

Go! I snapped.

Sable didn't open her eyes. She was sitting in her chair lost in thought. That was fine. I didn't need her help for this. I stood here as Cosette darted off in her sexy maid's uniform. She raced up the saris I loved the sounds of her footsteps rushing across the ceiling.

She came back swiftly with a thick dildo. A big, fleshy shaft on a leather harness. Not cheap final. I approved. She rushed back to me and thrust it out in her hands, her eyes downcast. She quivered there as I took it.

Do you need me to assist you in donning it, Miss Moira? she asked.

No, no, I said and brought the end of the dildo to my own cunt. I shoved it inside my pussy full of my brother's cum, soaking the fleshy shaft in his jizz and my pussy cream. This is all I need!

I shuddered at the feel of the dildo in my cunt. That was such a nice delight. It wasn't my brother's cockbut what was? I closed my eyes, letting our mix of fluids soak into the rubber before I fucked Anahita with it.

My succubus was aching for it. Just begging for me to pound her and make her squeal her head off. That would be such a wonderful moment. I was just so eager for it to happen. I loved making women cum. It was fun.

Plus, it was part of the magic. And that was the hottest shit in the world.

I pulled the dildo out of my cunt and shivered at the girth of it. I turned it around, the end smeared in pussy cream and cum. I stepped into it. Sable was still off in la-la land, thinking about gods knew what. 

I stepped into the harness. I worked it up my legs, carefully shifting it around until I had it all the way in place. I was so glad to enjoy this. I would just fuck her hard. I tightened it, savoring the feel of the dildo pushing on my clit. The leather straps felt wonderful.

Mmm, she did not cheap out, I said as I dropped to my knees.

No, she did not, Mistress, whimpered Ms. Rayne. She wiggled her ass. Please, please, fuck me. I'm so super charged!

I pressed the dildo into my succubus's hairless cunt. She groaned as I nuzzled into her perfect, pink pussy lips. I smiled as thrust forward. The base massaged my clit. Naughty sparks flared. That was so hot to feel. I loved that so much.

The toy vanished into her cunt. She moaned as energy crackled up and down the toy. I had blessed with the juices, anointed it with sexual perversion. It would be the medium between us. I gripped her hips as the toy vanished all the way in her.

She lowered her head and moaned, Oh, Mistress, that's perfect.

I know, I purred and drew back the dildo. Just enjoy!

I buried to the hilt in her snatch, my clit bursting with sparks. I fucked at her with hunger. I buried into her twat with hard strokes. It was fun to do that. She groaned as I pumped away at her. I thrust into her again and again, reveling in the massaging pressure on my clit. 

Mmm, that's so good, I groaned, my small boobs quivering.

I slammed my blessed dildo deep into her cunt again and again and again. I fucked her without holding back, pumping away hard. The pleasure rippled through me. I groaned, savoring every plunge into her snatch. 

I fucked her cunt with hard strokes. I buried into her over and over again, churning up the succubus's cunt. She tossed her head, her brassy-brown hair flying about her face. She whimpered as I fucked her.

Oh, the charge is building in me, Mistress, she moaned. Mmm, and my orgasm.

That's right, I purred and smacked her ass.

SLAP!

The sound echoed through the room as I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked her with everything that I had. I drilled my dildo into her cunt, driving to the hilt in her again and again. I loved doing this to her. It was a thrill to pound her with force. 

I wanted to make her cum. I ached to have her gasping out in delight. It was a fun thrill to pound her like this. I buried into her snatch again and again. I plowed to the hilt in her wonderful twat. She moaned as I did that.

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned, my clit throbbing. Ooh, Mistress, you're going to charge me up! Yes, yes, just keep fucking me like that!

I smiled as I fucked her just like that. I loved it. This was such a hot rush. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her with force, my clit bursting with sparks. The pleasure sizzled through me. I rammed into her over and over again. I enjoyed all this pleasure sweeping through me. 

Ooh, I am going to cum so hard, she moaned. Mistress, I'm just going to burst. I love that lightning rod ramming into my cunt!

I know you do! I groaned, my cunt clenching.

I was so close to bursting. My pussy cream dripped down my thighs as I fucked her hard and fast. I gasped at this wonderful pleasure swept through me. It was fantastic to bury the dildo into her cunt. My clit throbbed. Pulsed.

My pussy clenched as I hurtled closer and closer to that amazing moment of erupting. I was so close to it. I wanted it so much. My hands gripped Anahita's hips as I churned up my succubus's cunt and charged her aura.

She crackled with energy.

The air was alive with the power we were building. My nipples tingled from it. 

I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. Her head snapped back up. She squealed out in delight as she climaxed. I slammed the dildo into her, electricity coursing up the shaft and into my clit. Sparks flared and sizzled through my cunt.

Fuck! I gasped and came.

My orgasm swept through me, unleashing a vast storm of energy. The air was alive around us with magical power. The lights flickered over our heads as pussy cream gushed down my thighs. I shuddered through the throws of bliss.

Stars align above and below! I cried through my ecstasy. Bind them with your sexual magic to my brother. Make them secure against all his enemies' machinations! They are his chattel, and he will not part with them!

Another orgasm exploded through me.

I gasped, flung back and lying on my back. I thrashed through the rapture as my succubus became shadows. She rose into the air, her form flickering, brimming with the energy. She moaned as I spasmed through this bliss.

I savored the rapture drowning my mind. It was such an ecstatic delight. My heart hammered in my chest. Then Anahita slammed back down into her form and seized Ms. Denise. She planted her mouth on the sex slave's lips and kissed her.

The power coursed through her, binding her to my brother. 

Chapter Twelve

Charles Swartzenburg II

I followed Susannah Augustine's parents as they left her house, my dick so hard. The tip itched. I needed relief. I wanted to fuck her, and I couldn't. She was bound to my enemy. I couldn't seduce her, and if I raped her, I would have to dispose of her.

And that would be a shame.

Either way, I would alter him.

But the mother...

The blonde and loving preacher's wife... She would succumb to my charms. She wouldn't be able to resist the Blessing of Molech upon me. I could fuck her. My proxy. I could pound her cunt and cum in her. Maybe even give Susannah a brother.

This is a bad idea, Mom said as she sat in the passenger seat of the Lexus she had leased today. You are risking alerting Zach. You have to be his friend, not the guy who fucked his girlfriend's mom.

It'll be fine, I said. I just need an opening. A chance to slip into her pussy. She's the next best thing. I need this.

She shot her hand out and grabbed my dick. You're so hard.

Yes! I couldn't think of anything else but her. The sluts I had suck me off at school did nothing for me. Then spending the study time with Susannah was pure torture. She had been so close and yet was so far away from me.

She was his. That made her precious. If I had her, I would be conquering him. Once I had crushed Zach beneath the heel by learning his weaknesses, I would claim her. I would keep her as my woman. My wife, maybe. My mistress.

My sex slave I kept chained in the basement. It didn't matter.

Mother kept stroking my cock as I followed the car out of the neighborhood and toward the freeway. I shuddered at Mom's touch. The incestuous delight of it swept through my body as she manipulated me.

I loved the sensation as she unzipped my fly. Was she going to blow me as we drove? I liked that. I gripped the steering wheel and signaled as we approached the freeway on-ramp. It looked like the Augustines were going out of town this Thursday night.

Mom reached into my open fly and rubbed at my dick through my boxers. I groaned. She knew just what I needed. She was such an amazing mother. I was so glad that I had her in my life. That Dad had given me to her.

I would never give her away.

She was mine.

I turned onto the on-ramp and accelerated. The engine growled as the speedometer climbed. Mom pulled my cock out through my fly and leaned down. She engulfed my dick in her hot mouth. I groaned at the heat of her lips sliding over my dick.

What an amazing sensation.

I flipped on my blinker, merging onto the freeway as she suckled. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. It was an incredible rush to be driving and getting my dick sucked. I moved over to another lane, following the car before me.

We were heading into Tacoma.

My hands gripped the steering wheel as Mom worked her mouth up and down my dick. She was so wonderful. Just so skilled. She gave me just the delight that I needed to feel so I could spurt my cum into her mouth. 

I would pump blast after blast of jizz into her snatch. I smiled as I watched the traffic, my eyes moving as the pleasure rippled through me. My heart pounded in my chest. It was an amazing rush to have her working her mouth up and down my cock.

Shit, Mom, I groaned, my heart pounding.

She moaned around my dick.

Yes, yes, you're just such a dirty slut. Damn! 

I was having such a good time having my mother suck me off. She nursed on me with all that passion. She was so good at this. Just so skilled at working her mouth up and down my dick. Her tongue danced around me.

My nuts twitched. They slowly filled up with my cum. More and more of my jizz brimmed in my balls. The pressure increased as she suckled hard. I watched the Augustines' car head. I followed them down the highway.

She suckled with noisy passion, just audible over the engine and the sound of the tires rolling across the concrete. I wanted to just relax into the pleasure, but I had to stay in control. I had to drive. The risk swept through me.

This was dangerous.

I could get us killed with this stunt. 

My heart pounded in my chest as I maneuvered through traffic, keeping behind the Augustines. The preacher was driving fast. I liked that. I kept up with him as Mom's tongue swirled around the crown of my cock. 

As she suckled hard. She slurped on my cock, the pressure in my nuts building and building as I followed the Augustines onto the merger for Highway 16. I had no idea where we were going. I didn't care. I made the turn, following the signs.

They were merging over for the second exit, Union.

I followed them off the freeway. We drove by a shopping center, my dick throbbing and aching. The pressure swelled as we moved down Union, a busy street with lots of businesses. And lots of lights. I shuddered, so close to cumming.

We crossed 6th Avenue and suddenly we were in a posh area. The houses were much nicer here. I groaned as they pulled off by a university and drove down the side of it. They found a large house that had lots of cars pulling up in front.

A party.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted into my mother's mouth.

I flooded her mouth with my cum. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her mouth. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned through the bliss, my eyes rolling back in my head as I enjoyed how great this was.

Shit, shit, shit, I moaned. Oh, my god, that's good!

Mom gulped down my cum as the Augustines got out of the car. They were both hurrying to the front door, the husband's hand on the wife's lower back. I wanted to just run in there and fuck her before everyone.

I shuddered, squeezing my eyes shut as I spurted blast after blast of cum into my mother's mouth. She moaned, swallowing down every last drop of jizz. My nuts emptied themselves into her. Stars danced across my vision.

Fuck! I groaned as I erupted one last time into her pussy. Oh, wow, that was good.

She purred around my dick. She suckled on me with that hungry mouth of hers. I smiled, loving the feel of her mouth around the crown of my cock. She nursed with hunger. My nuts twitched at the force of her sucking.

Wow, that was good, I groaned.

She purred her agreement and slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop. Mmm, so, you going in there.

I stared at the house. Mrs. Augustine was in there. I could fuck her but...

I could also think. It was all so clear to me know that this would be a huge mistake. I had to be a complete idiot to think that going in there now would at all be a good idea. I panted and glanced at my mother.

No, no, I panted. Thanks.

Mmm? she asked with an innocent smile on her lips, a dollop of my cum beading on the corner of her mouth.

You know what you did, I said as she stuffed my cock back into my pants.

You're still a sixteen-year-old boy, she said. You can only think with one brain at a time.

I smiled. Mom was able to calm me down. Not those sluts, but my mom. That was amazing. We had a connection. I pulled away from the curb and headed down the street. If Zach found out that I had fucked Susannah's mom... 

Yeah, that would be bad.

Don't worry, Mom said. When it's right, you'll fuck her. She rubbed me. And if she won't submit, well, I know lots of knots.

What a mother. She knew what I needed.

What should we do tonight? I asked as I headed back to Union to backtrack us to our house. 

Oh, I could think of a few things, she purred.

God, my mother really was the best. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

What? my boyfriend/husband asked me as we headed into the school Friday morning.

Just... I leaned in. My mom and dad went to a party and a meeting for the leaderships of the local churches in Pierce County, and... He thought he was followed. The same car followed us from our place to the party in Tacoma. It was down by UPS's campus.

Weird, I said, my brow furrowing.

What if it was Charles? Fear rippled through me. What if he wants to do something to my parents.

It wasn't Charles, Zach said, such a big smile on his lips. Okay, he's not going to do anything to your parents. He doesn't have a reason to.

But... I whimpered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I could tell she needed to be calmed down. I led her toward a classroom I knew would be empty. She blinked as I guided her to the stairs. She looked around in confusion. Her gaze darted right and left. Then her eyes shot back to me. Her eyes were confused.

Where are we going? she asked.

You are stressed, I told her. It's my job to calm you down. You support me, I support you.

Zach, she said, a smile playing on her lips. That's so sweet.

I winked at her as we headed up the stairs. She clung to me as we reached the second floor. I moved down the less-crowded hallway to the classroom at the end. I grabbed the doorknob. Nisha thrust her head through.

It's clear, she said.

I opened the door and headed in. It was dark, the blinds drawn and the lights off. Susannah quivered in delight as I guided her to a desk. She leaned against it as she stared at me, her glossy lips shiny in the dark.

You really don't have to, she said. I'm just panicking. Charles has me worried.

He has me worried, too, I said as I sank to my knees before her and slid my hands up her skirt. I wanted to make her feel better. I... loved her. I really did. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

Zach's hands found my panties. I quivered as he worked them down my thighs. My husband was such a loving man. I was as lucky as Mom. She had another big smile this morning. Daddy must have rocked her world when they got back from the meeting late last night.

Zach rolled my panties down and down my legs. My pussy quivered. I became wet in a flash. I wanted him to just bury his face into my snatch and lick at me. That would be just a wonderful moment to have him eating me out.

I love you, I breathed.

Love you, too, Susannah, he answered. We're in this together. We're going to get through this together.

Yes, I groaned as he leaned his head up between my thighs. His whiskers rubbed on my flesh. I quivered at his touch, my heart pounding as he came closer and closer to my pussy. I trembled there, my hands balling into fists. Together.

He nuzzled into my pussy, his lips rustling mu bush before he kissed at my pussy lips. I shuddered at the feel of his mouth on my naughty cunt. My husband ate me out. He flicked his tongue through my folds and stroked my clit.

The pleasure sparked through me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side as he lapped at me. I loved how he made me quiver as he stroked across my folds. He licked at me with that manly tongue of his.

Zach, I groaned as his hands slid around and grabbed my rump. 

Mmm, Susannah, he breathed into my pussy. 

He licked me. Lapped at my twat. His tongue flicked through my folds and stroked across my bud. I whimpered as he lapped at me. He wanted to drive me wild. I trembled as his tongue danced through my pussy lips.

He enjoyed my pussy cream. He feasted on me with the intent of making me cum. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to burst through me. I was so eager for that incredible moment. It would be such a wonderful moment. 

I squirmed and ground my pussy on his lips as he tongued me. His fingers kneaded my ass. He pulled my cunt right against his lips. He thrust his tongue deep into my pussy. He wiggled it about in me. He made me quiver.

Zach, I groaned as his tongue stroked through my folds. Oh, yes, yes, Zach!

He thrust his tongue into my pussy. He swirled around in me. It was a magnificent delight to enjoy. I reveled in it as he danced his tongue around in my snatch. My eyes rolled back in my head at how outstanding this was.

He was so skilled. So loving. He knew just what I needed. Just how to please me. I groaned as the rapture built and built in me. I would burst in such ecstasy. I couldn't wait for the ecstasy to consume me.

Oh, that's so good, she whimpered as she ground her cunt on my mouth. Zach!

Just let the pleasure burst in you!

I grew toward that wonderful moment. He was such a sweet man. A loving husband. He stroked through my petals, brushing my clit. I jumped at that contact. He stroked over my bud, driving me to shiver in delight. 

I came closer and closer to that moment of rapture. I would have a wonderful climax on his lips. It would be truly fantastic to cum on him like that. My eyes rolled back in my head as he suckled on my bud. 

He polished my naughty pearl with his tongue.

I swayed there, the moment rushing closer and closer. I hurtled toward my climax, his strong lips nibbling in my clit. He pushed my delightful button, showering my nethers in sparks. They fed my orgasm.

He growled around my clit, holding me tight. He knew just what he was doing to me. That was such a wonderful thing to experience. I was so glad to have his fingers kneading my rump like that. Just so thrilled to have him flicking his tongue over my bud.

Yes! I gasped as I came.

My pussy juices gushed out of my cunt. I groaned as I drowned Zach. He licked them up, his hands squeezing my rump. I bucked, my boobs jiggling in my dress. I savored this wonderful bliss. It swept through me again and again.

The heat blazed so hot in me. Stars danced across my vision. It was a wonderful moment. I enjoyed every last second of this heat rushing through me. My eyes rolled back into my head as the pleasure rippled through me.

Zach! I whimpered.

He licked at me. He gathered up the juices as I quivered through my orgasm. I loved every last second of this delight washing through me. I felt amazing. My heart pounded a wild beat in my chest. My orgasm crested in me. I trembled as I buzzed in delight.

Oh, oh, that's so good, I moaned, my head swaying. Wow, that's awesome.

Yeah, he groaned. You feeling better?

So much better, I panted. 

I'll make sure that when I come over for dinner tomorrow, I do something about protecting your parents, he said.

Thank you, I whimpered.

Now, let's get to class before we're tardy. He pulled his face from my pussy and rose. He cupped my face. Don't want Charles to think anything is suspicious.

No, I breathed and kissed him, savoring the taste of my pussy on his lips. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I parked my shitty car in the driveway of the Augustines'. I was wearing a pair of good blue jeans, a light-gray shirt, and a dark-blue tie. I was ready for dinner with Susannah's parents. Nisha was at my side as I put on my smile.

It would be nice to see Susannah again. I had been thinking about her more and more as I dug into Charles. But I couldn't find much on why he was here other than for me. I had to think of a way to use them.

And I had to lie that I could protect Susannah's parents. Pretend that Nisha would bless the house.

She was here with me, of course. My thought form floated along beside me, her eyes flicking about. She was always with me. Always near, helping me think and plot. Her analysis: Charles was here to stop me.

How would he strike? Charles did have a Lexus. He had followed Susannah's parents last night, but there was little I could do to protect them. Unless I wanted to unleash Sable on her parents. If Susannah's mother had the same submissive streak as the daughter, well, Mrs. Augustine might break quickly.

But her preacher husband?

I didn't want to do that. They had a great marriage. Susannah would sometimes be woken up by their amorous times, her mother screaming her head off. I could relate to that. I made Susannah scream her head off.

I reached the porch and pushed the doorbell.

Feet raced to the door while Mr. Augustine shouted, Don't run in the house, Susannah! 

My girlfriend/secret wife opened the door. She wore a pink dress that went well with her blonde hair. A big smile spread on her lips as she squealed in delight. She looked like she wanted to throw herself at me, but she held herself back.

Come in, come in, she said. I baked a strudel for dessert. Cherry!

Yum, I said as I stepped inside.

There he is, Mr. Augustine said, thrusting out his hand. I took it. You are looking more and more like your father every day.

Thanks, I said stiffly. I didn't know you met my father.

He chuckled. Oh, yes, we did.

Oh, I'm so glad you could make it, Mrs. Augustine said as I shook her husband's hand. She wore a blue dress with an apron over it. She hurried down the hallway. Dinner's almost ready. You're right on time.

Try to be punctual, I said as she hugged me. I felt the press of her bosom against me. She was as busty as the daughter. 

Nisha brushed her and whispered. It's her.

Well, you and my husband can chat in the living room while Susannah and I take care of dinner, Mrs. Augustine said and led her daughter away.

I glanced at Nisha, wanting to speak aloud.

That's the unfaithful wife, she said. The third woman. She closed her eyes, and verse spilled from her lips.

Unfaithful and wanton,
the adulterous wife craves,
the son of the man,
who made her cum.
She craves the youth
who looks like him,
The man who changed her life.
Made her a whore from a wife.
While her husband watches
she craves to ride
the son of her lover.
The son of the man
who fathered her daughter.

My stomach lurched. My father had fucked Mrs. Augustine and... Shit, he was Susannah's real father which meant she was my... half-sister? The world spun around me. I couldn't believe this. It was insane. 

I had found the third woman. How could I tell Susannah this? How could I tell her that she was a bastard? My father's bastard. My hands clenched in fury. If I ever found where that mother-fucker went to, I would kick his ass.

Well, son, this is going to be a great evening, Mr. Augustine said. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

You'll have to choose, Moira, my mentor said, his voice strong. Charles or Zach. One will destroy the other. Don't pick the wrong one.

Not a choice, I said. Zach. We shared a womb.

And imagine the power Zach can obtain by sacrificing his twin sister. That is a bond of particular strength. A holy bond so sacrosanct to destroy, it would grant him a powerful patronage. After all, you're not one of the four women he claims he needs. Exactly how does he plan to use you?

My stomach lurched. Zach wouldn't do that.

He aspires to power. What wouldn't he do? The line went dead. My mentor's words echoed in my mind. 

To be continued...
