https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

chapter 5: A New Day

	Andrew managed to make it through the weekend without anymore unusual occurrences. Lacey did flirt with him a little more than usual and his mother told him Sunday morning that they had received a phone call from a Mrs. Godwine, and she wanted him to call her back. It took Andrew a while to realize who she was talking about, until he realized that Sue's friend's last name was Godwine. Calling her back was the last thing he wanted to do.  His luck for avoiding any more unusual occurrences ended, however, Monday morning.

	Andrew woke to the unusual sensation of something warm and wet encasing his morning wood. It took him a few seconds before he realized that the feeling was moving up and down his shaft. He opened his eyes and looked down at the source of this pleasant feeling. He just about came out of his bed when he saw that the source of the pleasant, warm, moist feeling was his youngest sister's mouth. Lacey looked up at Andrew with an innocent expression, "Good morning, master," she said with a grin.

	Andrew quickly got off the bed and pulled his pajama bottoms up. "What the hell, Lacey? Are you trying to get us into trouble?" He hissed at her as he grabbed a pair of pants from the floor.

	"No master, not at all. I felt your need from my room, and when I came to investigate, I saw you were like that." She said pointing to his hard-on as he pulled on a clean pair of underwear and his pants. "I knew you needed release, so I took care of it."

	"What part of act normal, did you not understand?" he asked as he pulled a shirt from his closet and pulled it over his head. "If mom, or Erin, had come in we would have been in a lot of trouble."

	"But Master, I am acting normal. It is my responsibility to take care of your needs," Lacey replied as she started to pull off her nightie. "I am your servant and it is my duty to respond to any need I feel from you."

	Andrew stared at his little sister with his arms crossed. "Before the accident and our little kiss, what would you have done if you had found me like that?" he asked, as he reached out to stop her from pulling off her nightie.

	Lacey stepped off the bed, and up to Andrew, placing her lips inches from his. "I would have stared at it for as long as I could; if I knew I could have gotten away with it, I would have done just what I did," she whispered to him before kissing him on the lips and heading out of the room. As she walked out of the doorway, she looked over her shoulder and blew him a kiss.

	Andrew stood in the center of his room, completely unsure on how to respond to his little sister's words. After a few seconds, he shook his head and followed her out of the room. As he walked into the hall, he finally realized how dark it was. He turned around to see his mother and older sister Erin standing in the hall. "Um, Mom, I..." He started to say.

	Andrew's mother walked towards him with a sultry sway to her hips. "Honey, it's ok, we know what's going on between you and Lacey, and we want to join you." She purred.

	"Yes Andrew," Erin whispered as she approached him and took a hold of his hardening cock. "You have something we want, and we know just how to get it, Master."

	"NO!!!" Andrew yelled as he jumped up in his bed and looked around his room. His heart was beating faster than he ever felt before. He started taking deep breaths as he realized where he was and that everything had been a bad dream.

	As he started to get out of bed, his mother and Lacy came running into the room. "Andrew are you OK?" His mother asked as she came up to him.

	Andrew shied away from his mother as she approached him, he was afraid of affecting her in some way. "I'm ok mom." He said as he looked towards Lacy and motioned for her to do something.

	Lacy nodded to Andrew as she ran in front of their mom and jumped into Andrew's arms, taking his face into her hands. "Oh, Andy, are you sure you're ok?"

	Andy gently pushed Lacy away, "Mom, Lacy I am fine, I just had a nightmare." He said as Erin walked into the room.

	"What is all the yelling about?" Erin asked as she rubbed the sleep form her eyes. "And what is that smell?"

	Andrew quickly looked around the room at his sisters and mother. "I am ok, I just had a bad dream. Now please give me some privacy so I can get ready for school."

	Andrew's mother, Jan, watched Andrew as he sat in his bed covering himself up. She then turned to Erin, who stood in the doorway sniffing the air. Jan took a few sniffs and nodded, something definitely smelled funny, not bad, actually quite nice, but definitely funny. "Ok Andrew, if you say you're ok. If you need anything please don't hesitate to let us know."

	Andrew shook his head as he continued to push Lacy away. "Right now, mom, all I want is a shower." He said as he stood up and wrapped himself in his blankets.

	Jan shooed the two girls from the room and as she was exiting she poked her head back in. "Open a window please, Andrew, something does smell funny in here."

	As soon as his mother and sisters left, Andrew jumped into the bathroom and took a shower. His heart was beating a mile a minute as he remembered what had happened the last two times someone commented on the smell around him. He needed to find out the source and soon.

	After he finished his shower and was dressed, Andrew grabbed all his sheets and tossed them into the washer. As he was exiting the laundry room he almost ran into Lacy. "Holly shit, Lacy, what the hell are you doing sanding right next to the laundry room door?" Andre whispered as he laid his hands on her shoulders.

	Lacy looked up into Andrew's eyes. "I am sorry master," She whispered. "But I was worried about you; I could feel your desire from your room just before you started screaming. Please master let me take care of your needs?"

	Andrew looked around to ensure his mother and sister were not around before responding. "No, you are my sister and what happened Friday night was wrong..." He started to say.

	Lacy looked down at her feet as she interrupted Andrew, "If you are worried about Mom or Erin hearing us don't, they are in the kitchen eating breakfast." She said as she looked back into his eyes, she then turned away from him and headed up the stairs towards the kitchen.

	Andrew watched as his little sister walked away from him, shocked by her words and lost in the sway of her hips and ass. He shook his head to clear his thoughts; this was his little sister after all.

	Breakfast went mostly uneventful; however his mother and Erin were both overly attentive to him, even more so than they had been over the past couple of days.

	After breakfast Adam and Erin headed off to catch the bus together. For the first time that he could remember Erin was not picking on him or showing any resentment at his walking with her; on the contrary she was sticking to him like glue. If he sped up his pace she did as well, if he slowed down to let her walk ahead, she would slow down. "Erin, is something bothering you?" Andrew asked.

	Erin looked up at him and took his arm into hers. "Does something have to be wrong for me to want to walk with you?"

	Andrew looked at his older sister and gave her a sarcastic smile. "Since this is the first time since elementary school that you have ever acknowledged me in a positive manner let lone shown any affection in public, then yes, what is wrong?"

	Erin pulled her arm away from Andrew with a huff. "I am just worried about you Andy. You just got out of the hospital on Friday and now you're heading back to school like nothing happened." She exclaimed as she turned to stand in front of him with her hands on her hips. "Damn it, you were in a coma, Andrew. I am worried that you are pushing yourself too hard too early, but mom does not want to hold you back." Erin said as tears started to form in her eyes. "I am worried, and I want to make sure you don't get hurt again. I would never forgive myself if that happened. When I heard you were hurt, all I could think about was how the last thing I had done was to tease you about what happened that morning."

	Andrew took her chin in his hands and lifter her tear streaked face to look at him. "Erin, I am fine, and I promise you that I will take it easy and if I feel anything wrong I will go to the school nurse." 

	Erin nodded her head and then embraced Andrew. "Thank you, I love you Andrew, so much, and when you were hurt it scared me."

	As the two approached the bus stop Erin's best friend Becky came running up to them, however she stopped short with a simple look from Erin. Andrew watched Becky back away with a frown as the two walked over to the stop and Andrew sat down.  After a few seconds, Becky walked up to them "may I sit with you?" She asked, her voice a little tense.

	Andrew looked up at her and smiled slightly. "I have no objections." 

	Erin nodded to Becky and motioned for her to sit next to her. "I am sorry about that Becky. I guess I am just a little protective of Andrew right now."

	"Damn it, Erin, please stop. I love you sis and I appreciate it but I am not a porcelain doll. I am fine and I won't break from one of your friends running up to us."

	Erin frowned as she stared at her younger brother, her eyes wetting with tears. "I am sorry Andrew but..."

	Andrew stared back at his older sister refusing to give any ground. "No buts, this has to stop right now. I understand you are concerned for me, but you need to let me be. I am fine. If I was not okay the doctors would not have let me go from the hospital and mom would not be letting me go to school yet. Please, Erin, just stop being so over protective."

	As Andrew finished his statement, Erin jumped from the seat and ran off. 

	Andrew watched as his sister ran away from the stop, as he started to get up Becky grabbed his arm and pulled him back into the seat. "Stay here Andrew I will go talk to her." Becky said as she got up and headed down the street to where Erin stood crying. 

	Andrew watched his older sister and her best friend as they argued with each other, a bead of sweat dripped down his chin and he felt moisture form around his pits. Andrew was ashamed of his behavior towards his sister, especially in front of everyone at the stop. As he sat their watching he felt a hand on his shoulder, he looked up to see Brittney Carson, the head of the Varsity Cheerleaders, staring down at him with a grin on her face and a twinkle in her eye. "You're Andrew, Erin's younger brother right?" she asked.

	Andrew looked up and met her eyes, swallowing the lump in his throat. "Yes."

	Brittney sat down next to Andrew and drew in a deep breath. "I never noticed how handsome you are. Mind if I sit here with you?" She asked as she took his hand in hers.

	Brittney was arguably the most beautiful girl in school. She had long straight raven black hair and the greenest eyes Andrew had ever seen; eyes a guy could get lost in. She always wore her cheerleading outfit and her hair was pulled back into a pony tail. She had a lean athletic body and a nice firm set of tits. Tits Andrew could not help but stare at as she talked with him about the rumors that had been going around the school, rumors about him and his accident. With each comment and question she took a deep breath and leaned in a little closer to Andrew until she was laying her head on his shoulder breathing in his sent. Andrew had a perfect view down the front of her blouse to her bra clad breasts underneath. His appreciation of Brittney's luscious melons was suddenly interrupted by a large hand grabbing the front of his shirt and pulling him out of the seat.

	"What the hell do you think you're doing twerp?!!" Yelled Brad Rowels, the captain of the Varsity Football and baseball teams and the biggest asshole in the school.

	Andrew let out a gurgle as he was lifted off the ground and Brad started shaking him. "That is my girlfriend you were snuggling with you stupid fuck!" Brad hollered as he tossed Andrew against the back of the bus stop. "I oughta flatten your stupid freshman face!" 

	Andrew stood against the bus top, confused, and for the first time in a long time truly afraid. For his entire life he had managed to be unremarkable, to do just well enough not to be laughed at and not too well at anything to attract the bully's attention. What the hell had happened?

	"Leave My brother Alone!!" Erin screamed as she jumped between Brad and Andrew. "Or I swear to god I will make sure you regret it."

	Brad glared at Erin and then looked around at the rest of the bus stop. He paled a little bit and then walked away waving his hand at Andrew. "He's not worth it."

	Andrew looked from Brad to his sister and then around at the rest of the bus stop. To his astonishment the stop was filled with girls and every one was glaring at Brad like they meant to kill him if he so much as looked at Andrew wrong. Brittney, Erin and Becky led Andrew back to his seat, and as he sat down Erin and Becky took a seat on either side of him. Brittney sat down in his lap and laid her head against his chest. "You smell so good." 

	Erin leaned her head on his left shoulder and Becky on his right. "Yes he does." The two said together.

	Andrew sat in the bus stop being uncomfortable with all the attention while the rest of the girls at the stop huddled around him and the trio closest to him breathed deeply and smiled at him. Andrew looked outside the stop as the bus was pulling up, at the glares from all the boys standing outside the stop. This was not looking good at all; his days of being beneath notice were definitely over.

	As the bus pulled up, the girls moved almost as one towards the bus, forming a protective shield around Andrew until they were on the bus and all seated around him. His sister and Becky sat in his seat with him and Brittney and her cheerleader friends in the seats in front of him and behind him. Once the girls and Andrew were seated, the boys followed and took the remaining seats, as far away from Andrew as the girls could make them.

	As the bus advanced to each stop, Andrew continued to sweat harder and harder over the unusual reactions of the girls. At the next stop the girls from the previous stop would get up from their sets and come to the back of the bus where Andrew was to join his wall of protection. This caused Andrew untold amounts of unease and thus he sweated even more.

	When the bus pulled up to the school, all the girls on the bus remained in their seats until the boys all exited, then as one they got up and escorted Andrew off the bus. As he passed Ms. Helker, the bus driver, she reached out a hand to touch his thigh, "Have a good day, Andrew." She said with a smile.

	Once Andrew was off the bus, the crowd of protective girls began to thin out as they broke up into groups and headed to their classes. Brittney put her arm around Andrew and pinched his ass as she whispered into his ear. "God I want to fuck you so bad right now." and then sauntered off with the rest of the cheerleading squad, all of whom looked back and blew Andrew a kiss just before entering the school building.

	Erin and Becky stuck close to Andrew as he made his way towards the school building. He was sure that he was a dead man. However much to his surprise not one person threatened him or so much as made a single negative comment even though he could tell some wanted to. "What the hell is going on?" Andrew asked Becky.

	"What do you mean?" Becky asked with a smile as she draped an arm on Andrews shoulder.

	"All of you are giving me so much attention, and even though every guy on the bus looked like they wanted to kill me, no one has done a thing?"

	Erin grinned as she leaned in and kissed her brother on the cheek. "Oh that. It is simple, they all want to get laid and the point was made quite clearly that if anyone so much as touches you, no one will get any ever again."

	Andrew frowned at his sister and her best friend. This was all too much for him to handle, and he was quite sure that the threat of never getting any sex was not going to keep him safe forever. Eventually someone will not give a shit and then he would be a dead man. "I need to get to first period." He said as he gave his sister and Becky a quick hug and then ran off to Mrs. Crabtree's class.

	As Andrew entered the class room, he saw Mrs. Crabtree standing in front of her desk. She gave him a smile. "Welcome back Mr. Hunter, I am glad you are feeling better. Please take your seat, I am sure Ms. Hastings will be glad to have her lab partner back," she said as she took a drink of her coffee.

	As Andrew headed to his seat and Mrs. Crabtree swallowed her drink he felt the flash of a connection, just as he had felt with Lacey and with Aaron's mother. He quickly glanced back at Mrs. Crabtree as she stood there staring at him. He could feel her concern for him and the hint of the beginnings of arousal. Andrew glared in Aaron's direction, as Aaron sat at his seat grinning like the Cheshire cat.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus