Severus Snape closed the door behind him, a flick of his wrist ensuring their complete privacy. He had followed Harry into this deserted classroom, hoping to get some answers from the young wizard who was radiating fury. Once again, the air was filled with static energy, no matter how hard the young DADA Professor tried to get a grip on his emotions. Harry was frantically pacing the room. Severus could see him taking deep breaths in an attempt to cool down a bit. This only confirmed what should have been obvious all the time - Harry had not known about the article and had nothing to do with it.

"How dare they!" Harry finally exploded, wiping a stack of books to the floor with an angry movement, while passing a table. "What is the matter with those idiots at the Ministry? Do they sell information to that Skeeter woman nowadays? Where else could she have gotten that information? But this time I will not let it go unpunished; this time they will pay - all of them! How dare she write that I would try to kill my own child?"

Severus watched the green eyed wizard in stunned silence. Seeing Harry this enraged was rare indeed. He had now had the pleasure of witnessing it twice in less than a week - a new record. Severus did his best to appear calm though he was practically boiling with anger himself. Harry was supposed to be resting and not working himself into a fit of rage. Merlin only knew what damage he would do to himself or their child if he didn't start to calm down. Determined not to let his control slip, he finally risked to say, "Harry, would you please calm down and take a seat? I don't want you to collapse on me. The last thing I want to have to do is face Poppy and explain why you worked yourself up into a rage instead of resting like she ordered." Harry stared at him for a few seconds and then dropped himself on the nearest chair, burying his head in his hands.

"Oh, and before you ask the answer is no. I have no idea who is responsible for this disaster. Obviously someone is trying to ruin our reputation." Severus did not voice his presumption that this could as well be a trap to trick them into a bond. Albus had been a little bit too determined to make them bond and, if Severus' information was correct, Harry hat gotten the same treatment form his friends. This could be a plan of sorts. He would put nothing past the meddlesome Headmaster.

"This is a catastrophe, Severus," Harry whispered in a thin voice. He felt like crying. Why in Merlin's name could the world not leave him alone? Had he not already done everything they had asked of him?

Sighing heavily with the knowledge that things would never change, and they could not afford to ignore this latest attack he uttered,"We need to set this straight. You did not get rid of me and I did not try to kill my child. It was an accident for Merlin's sake." Suddenly, Harry was hit with the realization that maybe Skeeter was not the only one who thought he wanted to be rid of Ebony. "Severus, please," he said searching the eyes of his child's father for any sign of mistrust. "Tell me that you don't believe that I would try to kill Ebony."

There was something in the younger wizard's eyes that made Snape's skin crawl. He could not quite name the emotion he saw in those green eyes, but it was something strong. It left as quickly as it had appeared, leaving him confused as he stared at the mask that had fallen over Harry's face. He had not seen this particular mask for quite some time, but he knew it well. It was the 'I-am-the-boy-who-lived-and-nothing-scares-me' mask. Suppressing a sigh, he silently agreed that something needed to be done, but the options were few. To be totally honest, there was actually only one real option, but he refused to accept that - it would be an emotional nightmare. After a second though, he sat down on a chair right in front of Harry, meeting the other man's eyes. No need to lie to the youth and make it all harder.

"No," he uttered in a low voice. "Of course I do not believe that you tried to kill your own child. No person who really knows you or is in his right mind would believe that you could possibly do such a thing. You hate killing and you still feel guilty for those we lost in the war. You could never do that to your own daughter. I can see how much you love her and how desperately you try to ... protect her." The stinging pain in his chest came back when he remembered Harry's harsh words in the infirmary. What the youth had said this day had not been an attempt to protect Ebony. Severus was sure Harry had meant to hurt him.

"No, matter how hard we try, they will never leave us alone, will they?" Harry asked suddenly in a low voice. It seemed only now to dawn on him, that Skeeter's malicious story did not only have consequences for his private life. Even if he had rejected the possibility of having a relationship with Snape, he did not wish any more bad publicity on him. He had been through enough of it already. It was one thing if, while in an enraged state, Harry called him an Ex-Death Eater. He knew all to well that it was wrong and hurtful to ever say it, but having him painted like this in public was something else entirely - something more sinister.

Lost in his dark thoughts, Harry suddenly remembered something Severus had said. 'No person who really knows you…' Was that true? Did Snape know him? Or was Hermione right and he never gave anyone the chance to truly know him?

Flashback: Two days ago in the infirmary

"Harry, you really need to think it over! You can't go on like this forever. You are only making things worse!" Hermione snapped at her best friend.

Staring back at her with a stubborn look upon his face, the green eyed wizard replied, "Oh, now it is me who is making it worse! Don't you forget the little fact that it was him who threatened me? I did not choose to be impregnated by him and he is the one who demanded I bond with him. What do you want from me? What do you expect me to do? Sink in his arms and be grateful forever that he planned to do the 'right thing'? No, thank you. Not going to happen. Anyway, he will be here to see her grow up. He will be near m…" he stumbled over that word and began anew "He will be near her so she will know him and can be with him. We do not need to bond for that."

At his last sentence Hermione frowned, but then realization hit. This was all about closeness and getting hurt. The look in her eyes changed and her voice went soft. Taking Harry's right hand in hers, she said, "This is what really bothers you, isn't it? Severus being close to you. You dropped him bits and pieces of the 'real you' and now you are afraid because he is actually interested. You never allow someone to get close enough to actually love you, or get to know all of you - not even Ron or me. Am I right? I bet you don't know anything about being in a real relationship considering your so called relatives were not exactly the best role models. Though you did attract his attention whether you intended to or not. So what are you going to do about it?" She looked at him, curiously.

"Nothing. I am going to do nothing about it." Harry uttered in a defeated voice. "I admit, I feel attracted to him, but that is not important any more. I am not going to bond with him. There is nothing between us that goes beyond an one night stand with unexpected consequences. Severus is an honorable person, and I am sure he intended to do the right thing, but he likes to be in charge as well. I am not going to hand over my life to him. If he wishes to see Ebony he'll be given every chance to do so, without being bound to me or getting the chance to control me. We can't hope to ever have a real relationship built on mutual attraction…especially not one that starts off like this." The anger in his voice did not cover the pain that was lying underneath it. Hermione felt sorry for her friend who was too scared to see the chance he was letting slip away. Harry snuggled deeper in his bed, turning his back on her, keeping silent. Eventually Hermione left him alone.

ooOoo

Harry came back to the present with a sigh. Whether he liked it or not, Harry realized that he had no other choice. He accepted that there was no other way - he had to bond with Severus. The man had done so much for him and it was not entirely his fault that they were in the current situation, but he needed to be sure about one thing first. Taking a deep breath and hoping his voice would not give away the panic he felt, Harry whispered, "So you really did it? Write to the Ministry I mean?"

"I told you I would do it and I kept my word. I meant it when I said I have no desire to control or hurt you in any way. Why didn't you believe me? Have I given you any reason in the past to not trust my word? How come you are so suspicious lately? What have I done to deserve that?" The Potions Master asked in a low voice, trying hard to keep the pain he felt hidden.

"It is not your fault," Harry admitted. "I don't know why I keep reacting that way. Blame it on the pregnancy if you like. I honestly don't have a better answer," he said with a shrug. "The only thing I know for sure, is that we need to do something. I will not have Ebony or you harmed any further by the press or anyone else." The former Gryffindor did not realize how scared he sounded, how young. "I think…" Harry hesitated. His stomach was all tied up in knots and he felt dizzy. I can do this he kept repeating silently like a mantra, trying to convince himself. He knew he had no other choice, at least none that would allow his daughter a somewhat normal life. It was his Gryffindor bravery that gave him the strength to continue. "I think we should make a contract."

"A contract?" Severus asked, obviously confused and alarmed at Harry's choice of words.

"Yes, a contract," Harry repeated, slightly shaking. "We bond and stay together until Ebony comes of age. For the press and the public we will act as if we fell in love and it was the natural thing to do. We will of course sleep in different beds and if you wish to do so, you can find … you know… someone else to share your bed with. The only thing I ask is that you will be discreet. I can after all not expect you to live like a celibate for the next 18 years, can I?" Harry tried to joke. In fact, the thought of someone else touching Severus made him jealous and his heart ache.

The Potions Master stared at Harry for a few moments, not sure if he had heard correctly. The youth wanted to bond with him, but only for show? Had he actually offered to turn a blind eye if he chose to have affairs with someone else while being married to him? For some reason this thought angered him more than everything else together and increased the raging pain in his chest. Severus took a moment to calm himself as he tried to think about where Harry was coming from. As he thought about it from the boy's point of view it made a twisted kind of sense. Harry was, after all, an 18 year old with raging hormones. He surely was expecting him to make the same offer in return, so he would not have to live like a celibate either. The thought of Harry having sex with anyone but him angered Severus. He is pregnant with my child and all he can think about is having sex with someone else! Severus' anger and hurt were pushed to the side, and his heart missed a beat as he remembered something else.

"Harry, you do know we would have to … well, share a bed again to make the bond legal, don't you?" He asked the waiting youth. Finally Harry nodded, slowly.

"I know - but it would be only once," He managed to say. "It's not like we haven't done it before, or else I wouldn't be in the current situation. You know we were attracted to each other sexually. I mean, we never had a relationship, but we should be able to manage…" Harry broke off when he realized he was babbling nervously.

Severus just kept staring at him. He had a bad feeling about this. Finally, it was Albus' wish and his expectation that they bond that made him capitulate. If the brat would have him, he would bond with him. Though he was not exactly sure how he was supposed to stand it. It hurt like hell to be near him already, what would happen after they had been bonded and were living together in the same apartment? For 18 years! Death suddenly seemed to be more tempting than that torture - and torture it would be. It was then Harry spoke the words and sealed his fate.

"So it is set. I will go and ask Albus to bond us today. Would you, as my fiancé, join me in the Great Hall to make the announcement? Remember, we do this for the sake of our child. I trust I can count on your talents as actor in convincing everyone that you are in love with me?"

Unable to respond, Severus, pale and drawn only nodded. Somehow he knew he would pay for this dearly.

ooOoo

An hour later Minerva McGonnagal was shooting angry looks at Albus Dumbledore. The old meddlesome fool was sitting behind his desk, smiling innocently, while she paced around the room. Severus and Harry had just left the Headmasters office, assured that the old wizard would bond them in the evening.

"This was your work, Albus! I know it. You tricked the two of them into this bonding and they are not going to be happy." She yelled at the meddling old wizard.

Dumbledore's eyes twinkled happily. "Calm down, Minerva." He grinned. "Everything will turn out just fine. Believe me, it is the best for them. They love each other but won't admit it. This way they will spend time together and will eventually discover those feelings that they keep hidden. You will see, before long they will be a happy little family."

The elderly witch fumed. "This time you have gone too far, Albus! This is not going to work! You have only managed to make their lives even more miserable and complicated. Remember my words; before long they are going to be at each other's throat. I can see it coming already - this is going to end badly!"

Shaking his head slightly and petting Fawkes, who was sitting in his lap, Albus said, "Oh, Minerva, please don't be so melodramatic. You should never underestimate the power of love."

"And you would do better not to underestimate their stubbornness," McGonnagal spat, leaving the room and banging the door behind herself.