Life Of The Party
by Timeris

Cassie is convinced to go to a party fully nude.

Cassie sat trembling in the front seat of Greg's car. Whether it was fear, excitement, or arousal, wasn't entirely clear yet. All she knew is this isn't how she expected her evening to go.

They'd only stopped for some snacks on the way to a party when they ran across an amazing scene: Two beautiful women, fully nude, and posing for the gas station clerk. Somehow, things went from asking to take pictures of Greg with the two women, to finding herself stripped, and posing with them as well. One of the women gave her a piece of paper with an email address, and asked her to send any pictures or videos she'd taken. Their final act was to suggest to Greg that she should spend the rest of the night naked as well, which he enthusiastically agreed to.

She felt the thump of the trunk, realizing that every item of clothing, except her sandals was now locked in the trunk. Greg opened the door, and climbed into the car.

"How do you feel about going to the party still?" he asked, with a hungry look on his face.

Her heart began to pound, and she felt a tingling sensation building in her abdomen. She knew the crowd, and it could get pretty wild, but the most she'd ever done was flash her tits, and even then, she'd had a few drinks first.

"Like this?" she asked, with a tremor in her voice.

"Yes."

"You want everyone to see me like this? It doesn't make you jealous?"

"I couldn't be prouder. I would love to show you off."

She looked into his face, looking deeply for any sign of doubt. Seeing nothing but hunger and excitement, she took a deep breath, and before she could change her mind...

"Okay." She replied in a soft voice.

Greg gave her a big grin, started the car, and pulled out of the gas station.

Ten minutes later, he found a parking spot on a side street. Cassie was a bit confused, since they weren't at Tom's house, but several blocks away.

"Why are you stopping here?" She asked, very confused.

"I want to make sure you have the full experience."

He got out of the car and went around to the trunk. He pulled out a six pack of beer, and a shopping bag with some potato chips in it. He looked up in time to see Cassie exit the car, tentatively looking around, her beautiful body on full display.

She was a little self-conscious, trying to decide whether to cover herself with her hands, when he handed her the snacks and beer. suddenly her hands were full, and she no longer had the option.

"Ready?" He asked, locking the car behind them.

She took one last look at the relative safety, and the started off to the party. Every nerve felt alive, and she was completely conscious of every hint of a breeze. After a while, she began to relax into it, forgetting that soon a crowd of people would see her like this.

Halfway there, headlights appeared behind them, and she heard a car horn. The car slowed alongside, and she heard cheering.

"Give them a twirl!" Greg said, encouraging her to show them more.

She smiled nervously, and performed a 360 degree turn, ending with a slight bow. Her nipples were rock hard, and she resisted the urge to cover herself with the shopping bag. This is what Greg was asking for, and she was surprised to find that the experience was an immense turn-on.

She saw a couple of flashes from the car, and realized they'd taken her picture. There was a lot of that going on tonight for sure. She turned to Greg, and realized he too was filming her.

She walked over to the car, and the passenger, a pretty young woman Cassie vaguely recognized aske her what was going on.

"I'm doing a dare." She replied, smiling over her shoulder at Greg.

"Are you going to the party at Tom's?"

"Yeah, we're headed that way now." She replied.

"You're braver than me, for sure, and hot as hell! See you there."

The car drove on, and Cassie realized the encounter had helped her relax into the dare. They continued on, with a few more cars honking and slowing down, but soon they reached Tom's house.

There was an athletic young man, wearing shorts and a tank top waiting at the gate to the back yard.

"Holy shit!" Tom said, "Way to set the tone!"

Greg turned to her and said, "See, you're going to be the life of the party."

Cassie brushed past Tom, feeling a faint brush of contact to her ass. She wasn't sure if Greg had seen it, but he couldn't miss the grin on Tom's face, or Cassie's answering smile.

"Why don't you go and put that beer in the cooler?" Greg asked.

ALONE? she thought, with a renewed tremble of fear.

"Alone?" she repeated out loud, looking askance at the growing crowd, and noticing that several people were also noticing her.

"Yeah. I need to talk to Tom for a minute." He smiled reassuringly and turned to Tom.

Cassie turned and with some trepidation, walked towards the crowd.

Tom turned to Greg and said, "What the hell is going on man?"

Greg took a couple of minutes, and explained the scene earlier at the gas station, including the admonition to spend the evening that way. The idea had been such a wild one, that he'd decided to see if Cassie would go along with it.

"If it's a problem, I can get her clothes, or we can get going."

"Oh hell no! I'm not objecting to seeing Cassie naked, I just wanted to make sure this was cool with you guys.

"We wouldn't be here if it wasn't. As long as she's good with it, so am I." Greg replied.

"Fair enough. Holy shit though, I always thought she was cute, but damn, this is a whole other level."

_________________________

Cassie made her way through the crowd, and reached the table with the snacks and began to pull out the bags of chips. She'd been approached by a dozen people so far, and seen more than one phone pointed at her. She looked around and realized she'd built quite an audience, and decided to play up to the crowd. With the six-pack in one hand, she bent at the waist, and lifted off the lid of the nearest cooler. She'd never been so publicly exposed in her life, and her smooth pussy and asshole was now on full display to a crowd of people, some of whom she knew.

She took the bottles from the carrier one at a time, and slowly nestled them into the ice. She took her time, and when all the beers were inside, she turned and squatted down, her knees apart, as she looked at the selection of cold ones already there.

She chose two bottles, and closed the lid, straightening up after. She put the cardboard carrier in the trash can next to the cooler, and turned to the nearest guy, staring open-mouthed at the scene that had just unfolded in front of him.

"Do you know where the bottle opener is?" She asked in a sweet voice, staring innocently at her victim.

He wordlessly pointed to the table, and watched in awe as she walked away from him, hips slightly swaying.

She popped open the bottles, and walked past him again, depositing the bottlecaps in the trash.

"Thank you." She said, and headed back to Greg.

When she reached him, she handed him a bottle, and took the other sweating bottle, and brushed it across her nipples, causing them to become even harder, if it was at all possible.

Greg put his arm around her bare waist, his hand drifting down to cup her buttock.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" She asked.

"Find out for yourself." He replied.

She reached her empty hand down and cupped his crotch, feeling a rock hard shaft through his shorts.

"Oh yeah, I think you're enjoying this." She said with a grin.

She turned into him, one hand still on his cock, her body hiding the action. Her other arm reached around his neck, and began to hungrily kiss him. A moment later, she broke the embrace, to a rousing cheer from several people in the crowd.

"Get a room!" cam a shout.

"No, please stay here!" came another.

She gave them and curtsy and a smile, and leaned back into Greg as he embraced her from behind. She jumped for a second as she felt his ice cold beer bottle press into her aching breast.

"Hey!" She yelped.

Across the yard, she saw her friend Tina making a beeline towards her with a worried look on her face.

"Oh my god! It's true! Are you okay? Tammy told me she talked to you earlier and that you were buck naked. I didn't believe her."

"I'm doing great. Greg dared me to show up naked, and I went for it. I'll tell you the full story later."

Tina was a pretty, petite blond, wearing a bright green bikini and a very short denim mini skirt. She came up and gave Cassie a fierce hug, whispering in her ear. "You look amazing!"

"Why don't you join me? I'm betting everyone wants to see those cute little tits of yours."

"Oh, I don't know..."

Cassie held Tina close, and tugged at the bow holding the back of her top on. Tina gasped and made a token struggle, but didn't resist so hard that Cassie was unable to undo the top bow. She felt the strings holding Tina's top fall, and quickly stepped aside, letting it fall to the grass.

For a second, Tina tried to catch it, but the crowd gave out another cheer, as the amount of visible skin increased.

"How about that skirt now?" Cassie said, moving to undo the button holding the skirt up. In another second, Tina's skirt fell from her hips, and joined the bikini top on the ground. She was left standing in a skimpy green thong, held on by two loose bows.

Cassie moved around behind her friend, who was now holding the front of the thong, feebly covering her crotch. Cassie undid the bows on one side, then the other. She spoke into Tina's ear, over the cheering of the crowd.

"Put your hands over your head." She ordered.

Tina grabbed the front of the bikini bottom and drew it, and her hands over her head, to even more enthusiastic cheering from the mixed crowd.

Cassie took the bikini bottom from Tina's still trembling hand, and then crouched down and gathered the rest of her outfit. She stood and walked over to Tom, standing incredulous next to Greg.

"Can you get rid of these please? I don't think she's going to need them."

She handed him the clothing, and turned back to hug her now equally naked friend. She took her hand and led her towards the crowd.

"Let's find some more people to join us. We should be the only ones having this fun!"

They spotted Tom's girlfriend Marlena, and made a beeline for her.

"Oh no you don't!" Marlena said, as the two grinning girls approached her.

"Come on, you don't want to feel left out!" Tina replied, "You know you want to join us!"

Marlena backed away a grin on her face, shaking her head.

"Okay, but you're not going to escape forever!" Cassie said.

They walked away, seeing a pretty brunette girl already unbuttoning her shorts as they approached.

"That's the spirit!" Cassie said, and in a moment, there were three naked girls at the party.

Ten minutes later, every woman at the party was naked, except Marlena. More than one guy was also stripping down.

Cassie and Tina approached Marlena again, and with a sigh, she reached under her sundress and pulled off her panties. With a resigned look, she unbuttoned the dress, and stood before them, her full breasts and pregnant belly exposed to the crowd.

"I had no idea!" Tina said.

"Sevens months, it's just starting to show." Marlena replied, somewhat self-conscious. Her dark nipples were rock hard, and her pregnancy had given her breasts a size and fullness they hadn't had before.

"You look amazing! Congratulations!" Cassie said.

"Thank you." Marlena replied.

Tina and Cassie took either side of Marlena, and led her back to Greg and Tom.

Walking through the crowd, Cassie realized her "dare" had gotten most of the party naked. She looked over at Greg and Tom, and saw their expressions of amazement.

Marlena walked towards Tom, a look of concern that was quickly dispelled by his awestruck expression. He pulled his polo shirt over his head, and then shucked down the shorts that were unsuccessfully holding back a raging hard on. She reached out, and began to stroke it, oblivious to everyone else at the party.

Cassie led Tina to Greg, and in a moment, they had him stripped bare as well. She pulled Tina down to her knees next to her, and in a moment, they were sharing Greg's cock, first one girl's lips, then the other. The stroked him until he began to tense, then Cassie went faster and faster, until he shot a load of ropy semen across her face.

She turned towards Tom and Marlena, just in time to see him ejaculate across her swollen belly, and for Marlena to rub the semen in.

"Beer?" Greg asked, and all five walked through the crowd of naked party goers, some also engaged in close contact activities.

Tom, with a beer in one hand, called out "Listen up everyone!"

"Who's up for a group photo?"

Just about everyone gathered together, and a few at a time, took pictures.

When the session was done, Cassie found Greg sitting on a lounge chair. She straddled him, and within a few strokes, he was hard again. She lowered her aching pussy down, until he entered her, and she began slowly working his cock.

"Is this what you wanted tonight?" She asked him softly, looking around to see a small audience taking in their performance.

Greg groaned as the sensations of he beautiful girlfriend's pussy did it's magic.

"I only meant to show you off, but this has been an unforgettable night."

"I want Tina." She replied.

"Okay."

"I may want others."

"That's okay too. Just come to me. Come FOR me."

She squeezed down hard, and they both came together.

