Chapter Fourteen

When King Mica, Rand and Gracie entered the formal dining room, they were not surprised to see Jonathan, Graces parents, Queen Aria and Aric.  Aric was security advisor that had been brought in to help them come up with a plan to save Patience.   The fact that he was related to Princess Deanna, was a moot point.  There was no better strategist around. 

Gracie walked in looking more serene than she actually felt.   When the room went quiet, Gracie felt as if she had a sign on her forehead that said Rands property.   Steeling herself, she nodded in greeting to her parents and Queen Aria.  

Immediately, Rand was drawn into a discussion with Colin, Aric and his father on what had happened.  They were already, going over ideas on how to proceed.   Leaving his side, she went to the breakfast bar and poured herself a cup of coffee.  Her stomach had been upset since she had heard that her sister was gone.  Hopefully the caffeine would help clear her mind and bring everything into better focus.  Looking across the room, she saw her other best friend sitting by himself.

Walking over to Jonathan, she placed her hand on his shoulder.  She could feel the tension that radiated off him.   Just by looking at him, she could tell that there was more going on than just her sisters disappearance.   Sitting down next to him, she immediately noticed that his ever present amulet was gone.

Jonathan, you gave her your amulet? Gracie asked so softly that no other could hear her.  Glancing up at her husband, she caught his eye.   He smiled absently at her and continued his discussion of retrieving Patience with her father and his.

Yes, Jonathan said, pain in his voice.  The separation was wearing hard on him. It had only been thirty six hours since she had been taken but to him it felt like 36 years.

Youve bonded with her,  Gracie stated.  Have you tried to touch minds with her? 

Yes.  But I find nothing but confusion and intense feelings.  I know shes alive but I cant reach her, Jonathan said bitterly, looking up at her for the first time. 

Gracies heart went out to him.  She could see the deep pain in his eyes and it went straight to her heart.   She couldnt handle the idea of her friend being in so much pain. 

<i>Gracie, I can feel your pain from here,</i> Rand soothed. <i>Well get your sister back, my love.

We need to do it now.

We will, as soon as we have a plan that wont endanger us or your sister.

We have to do it soon, Rand.  Theyve bonded.  Jonathan wont be able to take this much longer.</i>
Turning, Rand looked at his father and Colin. 

You knew that Jonathan had bonded with her? he asked them.

Yes, Colin replied warily.

Then why didnt you come for Gracie and I sooner? he asked angrily.

The <i>mezclar</i>, King Mica said simply and succinctly.

Gracie and I could have handled the <i>mezclar</i>, Dad.   Hell, weve been handling it for over two weeks before we got married.  Patience is more important for Jonathan than any discomfort that Gracie and I would have felt. 

* * * * *

Patience surfaced from her drug induced sleep, to hear William arguing with another man.   Trying to focus, she fought her bodys need to go back to sleep.  She didnt feel right.  Plus the light seemed to bright.  It felt like someone had turned a spotlight on her.  Finally after a few moments of intense concentration, the words seemed to become clearer.

I wont do it, William told Brett, a note of conviction in his voice. 

Yes, you will. You'll do it or Ill kill her right now,  Brett snarled. 

Opening her eyes, she saw William standing in the doorway of her room with a large man behind him.   Recognition flooded through her.   She had seen this once before.   The memories came back with a vengeance.   Meeting Jonathan at his apartment, the intense loving, the bonding between them, and answering the door expecting to find their lunch. <i>Where was he?</i> she wondered wildly.   She didnt have to be a witch to know what would happen if they were separated.  It was common knowledge on their world.  Chosens could not handle being without one another. <i>Oh, Jonathan,</i> she cried, wishing that she had the power to contact him.  Rubbing the amulet resting beneath her shirt, she hoped that he came soon.

* * * * *

<i>Oh, Jonathan,</i> Patiences pain-filled voice filled his head.  Looking up in surprise, he scanned the dining room, expecting to see his chosen.   Rubbing his temples, he couldnt believe what he had just heard.  

What is it? Gracie asked him softly.

Pati. I could have swore I just heard her, he said, his voice full of anguish.

Impossible, Colin said from behind them.  Patience has no power. Theres no way she could initiate contact.

Actually she could, Gracie informed her father.  When Jonathan gave her his amulet, if she was in contact with it, she could use the latent power of it to connect with its owner.

Was she wearing your amulet? Colin asked Jonathan.

Yes.

You got married.  We werent even invited, Eve complained, confused and outraged that she hadnt been there.

No, were not married., Jonathan said, his voice full of anger.  Pati is my chosen, we have bonded.  I gave her the amulet because I love her.   It was my daily use amulet.  Not the wedding amulet, that Ill give her when we get married.

Eve drew back as she realized how petty she was being.

Im sorry, Jonathan.  I know you better than that,  Eve said with tears in her eyes.   Im so worried about her. 

Well get her back, Colin reassured his wife.  Jonathan wont live without her.  Hell turn heaven and earth upside down to get her back.

Thats right, Jonathan growled as he surged to his feet, nearly knocking Gracie over with his movement.  If not for her fast reflexes she would have sprawled on the dining room floor in a very un-princess like grace.  

Can you feel where shes at? Rand asked his best friend.

Yes.  Shes confused and in pain, Jonathan growled as he started pacing towards the door.

Alright then.   Lead the way,   Rand told his friend as Gracie came to his side.  They followed Jonathan and Aric out of the room.

* * * * *

Patience watched in horror as Brett came towards her. In his hand he held a syringe.  She didnt know for sure what it held but there was no way she wanted to find out.

She could see Williams crumpled form behind the man.   They had fought and Brett had stabbed him.   After wiping Williams blood off the blade on his pant leg, he had smiled as if nothing had happened.  Placing it back in its sheath, he had entered the room.

Hello, little one, Brett soothed, coming closer to her.

Stay away from me, Patience hissed.

Oh, but I think I have something that you want, little one.  he said smugly.  Pulling a small bag out of his pocket, he shook it loud enough for her to hear.  Patience immediately zeroed in on it.  The familiar white pills were inside of it.  Intense longing filled her body.

Please. She begged, her body on fire for the drug that he held.   Vaguely she realized that this woman craving the drug wasnt her normal self.  What had they done to her?

Brett smiled as he opened the bag and took out two of the pills.

I bet youll do anything I ask, if I give these to you.

Please, she whimpered, edging closer to the repulsive man.  As if from a distance, Patience watched herself reach for the pills that the man held.

She was desperate for those pills, she didnt realize how close he had gotten, until she felt the sting of the needle as he emptied the syringe into her arm.

Shh, he soothed. Just let drug take effect, little one.    Turning back towards the bleeding William, he smiled.   William had managed to pull himself into an upright position.  

What did you give her?  William rasped.

An aphrodisiac,  Brett told him.  You see, Bossman has plan.  He wants her desperate for release when they come for her.   He knows that Jonathan has bonded with her so badly that he wont be able to help Rand.  So while Jonathan and Pati are over there screwing each other brains out, well take Rand and Gracie to Bossman.  Thats if you dont piss me off again. 


How long will it take? William asked holding his hand to his stomach where Brett had stabbed him.

Immediately, was Bretts response.  Behind on him on the bed, Patience began to writhe against the sheets in obvious need.

* * * * *

Patience gasped as fire built inside of her body.   What ever Brett had given her was not good.  Between her need for the little white pills and the injection, her body felt like it was on fire.   She watched as Brett hauled William to his feet.   She had the most bizarre desire to seduce one of them.   Just the thought startled her for it was not like her in the least to feel this way.

<i>Hang on, Patience, Im coming</i>, Jonathan whispered in her head.

<i>Coming? Oh, can I please?</i> she asked.

<i>Pati, what did they give to you?</i> he asked, concerned.

<i>Dont know, but what ever it is, Im hornier than a three pecker billy goat,

Damn, Ill be right there.  Hang on.

Ill try.

I love you, sweetheart,</i> he reassured her.

* * * * *

Alic, Rand and Gracie watched as Jonathan broke out in sweat.   They were almost to where Jonathan thought Patience was being held.   He kept clenching and unclenching his hands.   Placing her hand on his uninjured shoulder, Gracie tried to comfort him. 

What arent you telling us? She asked him.

They've given her something.

Any idea what? Alic prompted.

Some type of aphrodisiac.  Shes in heat,  Jonathan said, his voice filled with lust and desire for his chosen.

Shit, Rand growled.  Youre going to overload the moment you see her.  Between the separation and the drug, youre going to lose control.

No, I wont., Jonathan said between clenched teeth. 

Alic, you cover my back when we get there, Rand told the security expert. 

And Ill make sure that Pati and Jonathan get out alright, Gracie added.  

As they pulled up to house where Jonathan said they were keeping Patience, all of them exited the car and surrounded it.   Walking to the door, Rand used a surge of magic to blow the door off its hinges.    Stepping across the threshold he was not surprised to see half a dozen guards in the living room.   There was shouting and yelling as the guards reacted to Rands presence.    When they turned to their weapons, Rand smiled coldly.   The fools thought that bullets could hurt him?  As the first bullets flew towards him, he threw up a shield.  When they bounced off it harmlessly, he laughed.

You idiots, you think that those earthling guns would be able to harm me? he asked the guards as the bullets hit the floor.

Bossman, told us that our weapons would work against him, one of the guards told the others.  He lied.

Where is she? Rand asked them as he walked farther into the room.  He sighed with resignation as a group of the guards tried to surround him.

Why must we do this the hard way? he asked just before the first guard attacked.

* * * * *

Upstairs Brett smiled in anticipation when he heard the Princes voice.  Turning he looked at the woman on the bed.   She was lost in the throes of passion.   When Jonathan came in he knew the inevitable would happen.  Unlike the guards downstairs he was a native of this planet.   He was well aware of the chemistry between chosens.  Jonathan was going to fall on the girl like a hungry wolf.   

He was surprised though when Princess Gracie was the first one to walk through the bedroom door.   Where was Jonathan at?

Princess Gracie, I wasnt expecting you. Brett said pleasantly as he pushed off the wall that he had been leaning up against.  

Sorry to barge in unannounced but I believe you have my sister.  Id like her back,  Gracie said pleasantly as she shut the door.

Wheres her chosen? Brett asked, not at all concerned that she had just shut them in together.

Oh, hes around.  But I figured in the state that Pati is in, there is no reason for him to see her like this.

Really.  I would assume that the bonds of the chosen were deeper than that.  That he would not be able to resist her, he commented as he walked around the bed towards her.  

Im not going to discuss the fundamentals of what happens between chosens.  Now, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way? she asked him.

Brett laughed.  He couldnt believe the audacity of this woman.  Who was she to think that she could give him an ultimatum? 

You're giving me an ultimatum?  Surely you jest, woman.  The last person that gave me one ended up getting hurt.

Well I think you will find that it will be a bit harder to hurt me.   Either let me take my sister now.  Or Ill take her and probably hurt you in the process.

Brett laughed even harder.   Shaking her head, Gracie, moved across the room and knelt next to the bed. 

Pati,  She whispered softly.   She knew that her sister was out of her mind but still she didnt want to startle her.

Leave her be, Brett ordered as he rounded the bed and walked towards her, a decided purpose in his stride.

One last chance, Brett.  Either let her go or Ill simply take her. Gracie quirked one eyebrow growing very tired of dealing with him.

No, he growled.

Fine, She said, her voice devoid of emotion.   Surrounding herself with a shield with the flick of a wrist she gently lifted her sister off the bed.   Keeping the shield around her, she walked towards the door.   As she reached to open it, Brett hit her from behind with a bolt of energy.   Scowling, she spun around and looked at him.

Surprised Princess? he taunted as he stood behind her.

No not really.  Only a coward would strike from behind. 

You calling me a coward? he asked angrily.

<i>Gracie, are you alright?</i> Rands voice skittered along her nerve endings.

<i>Im fine just dealing with a pesky fly.</i> she assured him.  Setting her sister down gently, she moved forward quickly.   Brett met her halfway.   As they came together in the middle sparks flew.   But unlike the sparks that ignited between her and Rand, these had no effect on her other than the deep desire to defeat this man and take her sister home. 

 * * * * *

Rand kept one eye on the men around him and other on Jonathan.   He knew that it was a wise idea to have Gracie retrieve Patience.  Jonathan would have been a total loss if he had gone with her.   As another fist flew towards his head, he ducked.  Even though these guards were earthlings, they definitely knew how to fight hand to hand.  

By the time he, Aric and Jonathan had subdued all the guards, they were all breathing heavily.   Thats when a scream split the air.  Freezing at the sound, he stared up the stairs.  

Aric, stay here and guard these guys, Rand told the bleeding man as he and Jonathan raced up the stairs. 

* * * * *

Gracie wished her sister would stop screaming.   After she put her down, Pati had become coherent just in time to see her older sister battle with Brett.   Even though the sparks flew around the room wildly, it effected neither her or the man that she was battling.  

Brett laughed wildly as battle lust consumed him.  It had been a good long while since any one had challenged him.  The little princess obviously had some powers.   He was just surprised at the amount.  As he lashed out once more, he growled happily as his power scored a direct hit.

Grace gasped as the power surged through her.   It wasnt a fatal blow but it hurt like the devil.   Retaliating she flung a bolt at him.   She noted that it hit him directly in the chest.

The door behind her burst open.   She barely had time to acknowledge Rands presence before Brett had her pinned to the floor.   Using her legs she pushed him up and over her head.   She sprung to her feet and lashed out at him.   Smiling grimly she shot a bolt of power in his face.   She felt nothing but a grim satisfaction as he staggered back against the wall. 

When Rand rushed through the door, it was just in time to see his wife deliver a blow hard to the mans chin.   As he crumpled to the floor, Gracie gasped for breath.    Looking up at her husband, she smiled.

What took you so long? she asked.

Looks like you are more than capable of handling yourself, Rand told her before pulling her into his arms for a brief kiss.   As they broke apart, he turned to see Jonathan kneeling next to Pati as she tried to peel his clothes off.  To give Jonathan his due, he was trying to resist her.

Pati, please, sweetheart,  Jonathan begged her.

Fuck me! she whispered into his ear.  I need you deep inside me.

Rand and Gracie realized at that moment, Jonathans control unraveled. 

Hell, yes,  he growled as he hoisted her onto his lap.

Not now, Rand groaned as both he and Gracie pulled the two lovers apart.   Hauling Pati across the room, she pinned her against the wall.

Take him downstairs, Gracie said, winded from hanging onto her sisters struggling form.

Rand nodded quickly as he jerked his friend out of the room.

You can have her when we get you back to the palace,  Rand reassured him.  

* * * * *

When they walked into the living room, they found Aric surrounded by the guards.   He was kneeling in the middle of the circle.   His eye was black and blue and his lower lip was swollen. 

Aric, what happened? Rand asked him harshly.

I got too close to them, he replied.

Let him go, he told the guards.

We dont want him.  Only you, one of the guards assured him.   Come with us and well let him go, the guard bargained.

Alright.  Just let him go, Rand agreed,   As he walked over to the guard, another one hit him from behind.   Rand sank into darkness without a sound. 

Alic rose to his feet.   Walking over he kicked the prince in the stomach and then laughed.

How like royalty.  Always willing to trust.  I knew it would be his downfall,  Alic chuckled.   Grab him and lets go.

What about him, Bossman? the guard asked referring to the dazed Jonathan.  He was still in the grip of the shot that Patience had been given.

Hell, dont worry bout him.   That drug that Brett gave the girl excretes a powerful pheromone that he wont be able to break free of until he has satisfied her.  Without another thought for Jonathan or Gracie and Patience, Aric led his men outside to the waiting car.    He felt no remorse as he ordered his men to shove Rand into the trunk of the car.   The son would be the key to the downfall of King Mica and Queen Aria.
