I hated my job in the mailroom, it was the absolute worst. My boss was a terrible person that treated us all like shit. I dreaded going to work every day. I would do anything to get out of the mailroom.
So, I was excited to hear that Janice's position as the CEO's secretary was going to be opening up.
After asking around none of the guys in the mailroom were planning to apply even though the pay was way better.
"Why aren't you going to apply?" I asked Steve my only friend in the mailroom.
"They only hire women. I've been here 8 years and they've gone through 7 secretaries, all women. Janice was the only one that stayed more than a year."
"So what, I'm still going to apply."
"You're wasting your time. Good luck though I guess." He shrugged and went back to his sandwich.
I finished my lunch early and went up and asked Janice for an application. She picked up her phone and pushed a button. A moment of silence.
"Mr. Johnson, Harry from the mailroom wants an application for my job." A pause. "Mmmhmm." Another pause. She looked me up and down, "I think so." I was starting to get a little nervous. "Okay, I'll send him in."
Now, I was nervous I didn't know what was happening I wasn't ready for an interview, I just wanted to fill out the application.
Janice stood up and walked with me to the door. She knocked. From inside I heard a deep voice, "Enter."
I'd never actually met Mr. Johnson, I spent all of my time in the mailroom and never ventured into other areas of the building. He was a large man. Broad shoulders. Firm chest. Salt and pepper hair with a matching beard. He appeared to be well fit with a muscular chest. When he spun his chair I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants. I think he noticed me noticing because when he stood up he had a smile on his face. When he stood up, I felt small. He was only an inch or two taller than me but he seemed to tower over me.
He stuck his hand out for a shake. I put mine out and he grabbed it. He gripped it firmly and shook. He let go and motioned to the chair on the other side of his desk.
"Please have a seat, Harry." He said in his deep voice.
I moved over and sat down. He gave Janice a nod and said. "That'll be all Janice. Thank you."
As she left the room she closed the blinds in the two windows that overlooked the sales floor, making it so no one could see into the office, I thought that was odd.
"So Harry, you've heard that Janice is leaving, and you're interested in filling her position?"
"Yes, sir. I would do anything to get out of the mailroom." I replied, immediately regretting my choice of words. I didn't want to make it seem like I hated it down there, even though I did.
"It's that bad down there? I'll have to talk with Ed later, see what we can do. In the meantime, usually, we only give this position to women. Do you know why?"
I was a little confused at the question and stammered, "Uhhh no."
"This isn't just an administrative assistant job. It's not just answering phones, getting coffee, managing my schedule. You'll have additional duties involving the other executives and managers of the company. Some of that requires after-hours commitment and some of it can be a bit strenuous."
Now I was really confused as to where he was going.
"In return for those commitments from you, you will be provided a generous salary, a furnished apartment nearby, and full healthcare benefits."
"Ummmm. That all sounds great. Can I submit my application?" I said sheepishly.
"Internal candidates don't have to apply. You'll just need to audition for me. If I approve the other executives and managers will accept it."
"Audition?"
"Yes, Harry, I'll need you to show me that you want this job." He opened a drawer and pulled out a piece of paper. He pushed his chair back, stood up, and walked towards me. Being eye level with his crotch, I ended up staring at his bulge as he walked. It appeared to have gotten bigger.
Suddenly it dawned on me what this was all about. Why they only hired women and what was about to happen. I must have had a shocked look on my face.
"Ahhh I see you've worked it out," he said with a smile and placed the piece of paper on his desk in front of me. He sat on the corner of his desk and slid the paper forward. His legs were crossed making the lump in the front of his pants even more pronounced and very distinctly a cock.
He grabbed a pen and placed it on the paper. "This is a nondisclosure agreement. It says you can't talk about anything that happens in any of the offices in the building or if you get the job, the apartment that you will be living in. Once you sign we can discuss the audition and steps moving forward. Or you can just get up and go back to work in the mailroom."
My heart was pounding. I was not even remotely expecting this. I had so many questions, none of which I would likely get answers to until I signed. Could I go through with this? I was pretty sure I was going to have to suck Mr. Johnson's... Johnson. I started to get a little excited about that idea. I don't know why, I had never even considered being with a man in my life. Not once. Why was I getting excited? I couldn't go back to the mailroom. I couldn't take it anymore and if I had to suck a cock to have a chance to get out of there I had to do it.
I picked up the pen and signed.
Mr. Johnson smiled.
"Great. I think you've realized that this job will entail servicing me sexually and your audition is to suck my cock." He said as he walked back towards his chair.
"Normally when we don't have any internal female candidates we go to an outside firm. We, of course always like to promote from within so should you succeed in impressing me the job will be yours."
I started to get even more excited, my mind was racing and my little cock was getting hard.
"The audition is easy. Just come over here, get on your knees, take my cock out, suck it until I cum, and then swallow it all." He said it in such a matter-of-fact tone like it was a normal thing to say.
I stood up, trying to hide the little tent that I had in my pants. My legs were weak, I felt a little light-headed, my head was spinning. Almost like all the blood in my body rushed to my penis to make it the hardest it's ever been.
I walked around the desk. Mr. Johnson turned his chair to face me. His legs were spread. I couldn't look him in the eye, it was too intimidating.
I sank to my knees. My penis was leaking, I could feel a wet spot developing on the front of my boxers. I put my hands on Mr. Johnson's knees and stared at the large penis-shaped bulge that was straining against his pants.
I wanted to touch it, so I slid my hand up to his leg and felt the big steel rod of an erection he had in his pants. It felt like electricity shot up my arm to my brain and then down to my little erection and caused it to twitch uncontrollably in my slacks. As I rubbed him through his pants, I moved my other hand towards his zipper, but something inside of me made me hesitate. This was a try-out, I need to impress Mr. Johnson if I wanted to get out of the mailroom.
I kept my one hand rubbing the log in his pants but pulled my other hand away. I made eye contact with Mr. Johnson, and slowly leaned forward, keeping my eyes locked on his until I had to look down. My face was planted in his crotch. I slid my tongue under the strip of fabric that covers the zippers and found the handle. Pushed it up and grabbed it with my teeth then slowly pulled back, making sure to regain eye contact.
If I was going to do this, I was damn sure going to do it right. I had to get this job and I had to make sure that Mr. Johnson knew that I would do anything for it.
Once the zipper was down I slowly reached my hand into the newly opened hole. I was shaking, I wasn't sure if it was nerves or excitement, maybe it was both. I kept my eyes fixed on his so I didn't realize he wasn't wearing any underwear. When my hand slipped into his pants it was a bit of shock to feel his well-trimmed pubic bush and skin right away.
I slowly reached further into his pants. His rod was now rock hard from the rubbing of my other hand. I slipped my fingers around and realized that It had created tension in the pant leg and was no longer flexible. I quickly pulled my hand out, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled them open as wide as they'd go, revealing his rigid staff in all its glory. It was standing at full mast and it was a sight to behold. He was cut, long, and thick. It had to be at least 8 inches long, maybe more and it seemed to be as thick as a soda can.
I nervously wrapped my hand around the thick base and looked up at Mr. Johnson, he placed his hand on my head and gently guided me forward. I kept my eyes locked on his as I opened my mouth to accept my first cock. As I leaned forward my heart was pounding, I could feel it in my ears. My face was warm and my dick was harder than ever in my pants.
My tongue felt the warm, spongy flesh of his mushroom cap first. I broke eye contact to lower my head and close my lips around the knob of his pole. I kept my mouth wrapped around the head and worked my tongue against the sensitive underside. Mr. Johnson took in a deep breath and then let out a low moan followed by a sigh as he placed one of his large hands on the back of my head.
"You're doing a great job, Harry, keep it up and you've got this job in the bag," he said as I started to bob up and down, letting my moan out when he complimented my work. He rubbed the back of my head and worked his fingers through my hair, occasionally grabbing hold and then loosening his grip.
I picked up my pace but didn't go very deep. I was afraid that I would gag and didn't want to do anything that may jeopardize my chances of getting this job. It was right then I felt Mr. Johnson push me gently further down onto his cock. I panicked for a second but then nothing happened, he loosened his downward pressure and I went back up. Then again, down and up. Each time I ended up going further down and then back up and didn't gag. I kept trying to go further each time and each time I was able to successfully do it. After about the fourth time, I decided that I want to try and swallow all of Mr. Johnson's cock.
I kept inching my way further and further down. I never once gagged or choked and wondered if someone could have no gag reflex. I decided to look it up later, in that moment my goal was simply to impress Mr. Johnson and get this job.
After a few more repetitions I had done it. My nose was pressed into his slightly hairy pubic mound as he held me there briefly.
"Oh God, Harry, your throat feels so good. It's like my cock is wrapped in stuck in a cloud. I'm impressed that you took the whole thing." Mr. Johnson said as he let my head go.
I pulled off his glistening rod and a rope of saliva connected his cock to my chin. I grabbed hold of his thick dick and gasped for breath. I looked into his eyes with lust and desire as I stroked him and continued to breathe heavily.
His cock was as hard as steel and covered in my spit. As my breathing normalized Mr. Johnson stood up. I sat back on my haunches and stared up at him as I continued to slowly stroke his cock. I didn't want to let go.
"Harry, I don't normally do this but given what you just showed me you're capable of I'd like to, with your permission, of course, fuck your face."
As soon as I nodded he placed both of his large meaty hands on the side of my head and pushed his cock back into my mouth. His thrusts were slow at first, but it didn't take him long to pick up the pace and even less time for him to get into my throat again. He wasn't being overtly rough or aggressive as he fucked me at least not by the standards I'd seen in porn. Maybe it as because I wasn't gagging or choking on him but it was smooth and effortless for him to go back and forth. When I felt his pubic hair on my nose and his balls on my chin he held there for a second and then slid back so just the tip was between my lips.
"Mmm Harry, you're amazing. I'm getting close and when I do I'm going to pull back and let you taste my cum. Do you want that?"
"Mmhmm" was all I could muster.
"Good boy." He said as he continued to invade my throat and mouth.
My cock was still hard as a rock as he methodically and rhythmically thrust his hips back and forth. I couldn't stop thinking about what I thought was going to happen when I entered this office and where it went. Never in a million years did I think I would end up on my knees getting my throat fucked by the CEO and that I'd enjoy it and I hoped I got the job. These thoughts were floating around in my head when I felt his cock pulse at the back of my throat.
Mr. Johnson pulled back and I felt him pulsing as his cockhead was between my lips and the cum was shooting out of it. He shifted his hands so just one was on the top of my head as he filled my mouth with his seed. It was a little salty but mostly sweet. It was delicious. I grabbed the outsides of his thighs and worked hard to keep up swallowing. He shot six times and then started to ooze semen onto my tongue. I suckled his cock to coax out every last drop. I was hooked. I needed to get the job because I needed to suck his magnificent cock again.
He left his cock in my mouth allowing me to suck it dry and only pulled out as he started to soften. I couldn't help but whimper as he pulled away, put it away, and zipped up.
He sat back in his chair and opened a drawer. He pulled out a thick bronze- colored envelope the size of a sheet of paper and the thickness of a book.
"This packet contains the main contract for the position. Read it over and return it tomorrow signed if you want to the job, or not if you don't, though I'll be disappointed if you don't. You were amazing."
I didn't need to think about it or read it over. I grabbed the packet and opened it. I pulled out the 30 or so page document and went to the last page, grabbed the pen intending to sign it.
Mr. Johnson reached out and stopped me.
"I love the enthusiasm, but you're probably high on adrenaline and endorphins after what just happened and I want you to fully understand the scope of responsibilities of this position. Please take it home and read through it first. If you have any questions we can discuss them tomorrow. Is that fair?" He removed his hand from mine and I placed the pen down.
"Okay," I said as I stood there ready and willing to sign the contract for a job where I'd be sucking my boss of regularly.
"Good, thank you, Harry." He smiled at me.
I put the packet back in the envelope and started to walk towards the door and realized that I was still hard enough to cut diamonds and was pitching a noticeable tent. I held the packet in front of my bulging erection and opened the door to walk out, as I did I turned back and said "Thank you, Mr. Johnson."
He gave me a wink and said "See you tomorrow Harry."