Maggie woke up in an amorous mood that morning. She bounded out of bed, fed the kids breakfast and got them off to the school bus in record time. She was looking forward to jumping back in bed with her husband when he entered the kitchen. Maggie was disappointed to see Keith had already showered and dressed.
“You’re going in early?” she asked dejectedly. “Yeah, I have a meeting at 8:30 sharp, and I still have a few things to prepare,” Keith said.
Maggie walked up behind him and pressed her body against his back.
“Just five minutes. I’ll make it worth your while,” she said.
“I can’t, Mag, I really have to get out of here. Can you fix me a cup of coffee?” Keith asked as he stood fixing his tie. When he was finished, he pulled her arms from around his waist and said, “Tonight, I promise.”
Maggie sighed. She took a travel mug down from the cupboard and poured coffee into it. There was no mistaking the pout on her face.
“Who’s the dumbass who scheduled an 8:30 meeting?” she grumbled.
“I did. I have a million things to do today, and I want to get them all done so I can forget about work and enjoy the weekend.”
Maggie finished preparing Keith’s coffee and handed him the mug.
“Just the way you like it,” she said with a not so convincing smile.
Keith glanced at the coffee maker on the counter. Beside it was a clear plastic bottle containing a white liquid. His eyes darted to the sink. Maggie’s breastpump rested there, waiting to be washed. Keith felt his balls lurch and tighten inside his pants.
He stole a glance at Maggie’s chest. Her pajama top jutted out where her erect nipples were. Keith exhaled heavily, knowing he had to leave the house before he changed his mind. He bent down and kissed Maggie quickly on the lips.
“I’ll try not to be too late.”
“Okay,” Maggie said quietly. She sounded so sad that Keith stopped on his way across the kitchen to look back at her.
“Oh, hon, I’m sorry. Maybe you could take care of the situation yourself,” he suggested.
“No… I should go to the grocery store,” Maggie said.
“Suit yourself,” Keith said. He knew she was lying. She would be masturbating before he pulled out of the driveway. Keith hesitated by the door. He caught her eye, but Maggie seemed embarrassed and avoided his stare.
“Go to work!” she snapped at him.
“Alright, alright.” Keith said. As he walked through the door he called over his shoulder, “Save a little something for me.”
“Good bye!” Maggie called out firmly.
She waited until she heard Keith drive away before going upstairs to the bedroom. She knew Keith was aware that she masturbated when he wasn’t home. Occasionally, Maggie would leave him a voice mail message at work to let him know she had just pleasured herself. But today, Maggie decided to not share her plans. She figured if Keith was going to run off to work and leave her in that state, she wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of knowing she was about to roll around their bed with a vibrating tool shoved up her pussy.
Maggie went directly to her dresser and opened the second drawer. She fumbled through underwear and socks until she found a life-sized pink dildo. She rolled it across her palm and stroked the smooth, long shaft with her fingertips. _Not exactly what I had in mind, but it will do for now_ , she thought to herself.
Maggie pulled off her pajamas and settled herself on the bed. She looked down at her breasts. Motherhood had been kind to her. They had always been large, but after two children, her breasts were now downright huge. Maggie squeezed them until tiny white dots of milk appeared against her dark brown nipples. She bent her head forward and licked at the sweet milk she had just expressed. It truly was delicious. She could understand why Keith was so obsessed with it.
She giggled quietly. It was their little secret, hers and Keith’s. Their youngest child was in the first grade. Maggie was lactating strictly for recreational purposes now. Between pumping and Keith’s frequent suckling, her milk supply was as plentiful as when the children were infants.
Spreading her legs, Maggie reached down and gently traced circles on the delicate skin surrounding her clit. She picked up the dildo, put it in her mouth and sucked on it until it was coated with her saliva. Removing the toy from her mouth, Maggie turned the dial on the bottom. It buzzed quietly in her hands. She inserted the pink rubber toy into her mouth again, pushing it until it reached the back of her throat. The vibrations sent waves of excitement through her body. Maggie felt her clit begin to pulse.
She nearly jumped off the bed when the dog began barking downstairs. Then the doorbell rang.
“Oh, crap!” Maggie exclaimed aloud. She had forgotten that it was her turn to have the girls over for Friday morning coffee.
“Be down in a minute!” she called cheerfully down the stairs. But she wasn’t thrilled at the thought of having company, not at this particular moment at least. Maggie’s friends had let themselves in and were already gossiping in the living room below her. She got up and put the dildo back in the dresser, slamming the drawer shut in frustration. It would have to wait. She dressed quickly and went downstairs.
After several cups of coffee, a muffin and two hours of girl talk, Maggie’s mood had improved. She decided she would go to the grocery store and run some errands. While she was in her bedroom brushing her hair, Maggie looked over at the second dresser drawer. She had already waited this long. Why not let it build until Keith was home from work, and the kids were fast asleep?
The children came bursting into the house just as Maggie was putting away the last of the groceries. They were having a snack and telling her about their day at school when the phone rang.
It was Maggie’s mother calling to see if she could take the children for the evening. Maggie couldn’t believe her luck. Why hadn’t she thought of that herself? The kids were so excited that they didn’t even argue when Maggie told them to get washed up and put on clean clothes.
When her mother came by for the kids, Maggie did her best to contain her enthusiasm.
“Tomorrow’s Saturday, so don’t worry about getting them home early,” she hinted. She waved good bye as they drove away, then checked her watch. There would be enough time to shower and change before Keith got home. The day was turning out better than she had expected.
Keith pulled into the driveway at 6:15 pm, earlier than he had anticipated. Traffic had been surprisingly light for a Friday. Grabbing his laptop bag out of the passenger seat, he got out of the car and headed for the house. It felt good to be home. Keith opened the back door and entered the kitchen.
"Honey! You're home!" Maggie threw her arms in the air animatedly. He couldn't help but laugh. She liked to make a big deal out of his return from work. It had become somewhat of a joke between them, and he secretly loved it. Running across the living room and into the kitchen, she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. He felt himself smiling through the kiss. What a wonderful way to end the week.
He held her tightly and felt her melt into his strong arms. When their lips parted, she smiled up at him. Her gaze fell squarely on his face. Her soulful brown eyes revealed the love she felt for him. But Keith saw something else there tonight. He knew what the penetrating look meant, and as they held each other, he felt a lustful surge coming over him. He cocked his head to one side as if listening for something. The house was unusually quiet.
"They're with my mom. She’s taking them out for pizza and a movie," she said in answer to the question that he hadn't even had a chance to ask. "They won’t be home until nine." She leaned into him again and gave him one of those long, wet kisses that sent shivers up his spine. Maggie slipped her tongue softly inside his mouth. _God_ , she thought, _I have been waiting all day for this._ Now that Keith was home, the longing Maggie had felt since he left for work that morning gave way to a feeling of excitement, a fluttering in her stomach and aching between her legs.
"How was your meeting?" she asked sweetly, pulling his neatly pressed shirt out of his pants. She ran her hands up Keith’s chest, brushing by his nipples and up to his shoulders. She drew her fingernails over his skin with just enough pressure to make Keith groan and then laugh softly. Bending down, Keith kissed and nibbled her neck. He playfully pulled up Maggie’s skirt and grabbed her ass. She giggled and tried to squirm away from him, but Keith was much stronger than she was. One arm held her firmly against his chest while his other hand wrestled into her bikini panties. He squeezed her firm ass and forced his hand around to her front to probe between her legs. His eyes opened wide. Her panties were damp and as he explored her he realized how incredibly wet she was.
“The meeting was fine. Did you have an enjoyable morning?” Keith winked at her as he asked the question.
“The girls came by for coffee,” Maggie said. Keith rolled his eyes. “I never got around to fixing the situation,“ she continued. Now Keith was getting excited. His wife was a woman with needs, and she could be ferocious in her pursuit of satisfying those needs. The thought of Maggie unleashing her pent up sexual energy on him was definitely arousing.
“I know you just walked through the door, but the kids aren’t home… are you too tired from your long day at work to fuck my brains out?” she asked innocently. Her eyelids fluttered up at him like tiny butterflies. Keith threw his head back and groaned. He loved it when she talked dirty. He grabbed her by the hand and practically dragged her upstairs.
It was a cool evening and a breeze blew through their bedroom windows. Moving toward the bed, Maggie pulled her sweater off over her head to reveal her black bra. Keith stopped in the middle of the room to look at her. She had a lovely figure, curves everywhere, and large creamy white breasts. The setting sun cast an orange glow and illuminated the room just enough so he could see the outline of her erect nipples through the bra.
“Let me help you with these clothes,” she said to him as she peeled his white oxford off. She pressed against him again, this time licking at his right nipple while her hand found its way to the left. Keith stood still, allowing her to play with his chest.
“Uhhhh,” he breathed heavily as she bit down on his nipple. His chest was devoid of hair, shaved so it was smooth and revealed his well-defined muscles. Before they were married, she had asked him once if she could shave his chest for him. He had been somewhat nervous about this, but agreed. She drew a hot bath for him and made him recline in the tub. After stripping naked and stepping in after him, she had kneeled in between his legs and lathered up his chest with shaving cream. Maggie carefully shaved every strand of hair off his chest and abdomen. Keith remembered the overpowering urge to reach out and touch her breasts, but every time he moved his hand, she gently pushed it away. She meticulously shaved him and lavished attention on every inch of his chest.
Then she had made him sit on the edge of the tub while she shaved his balls. He remembered the contrasting sensations, the coolness of the shaving cream and the warmth of her fingers as she gently worked away at his delicate skin. Once he was shorn, she had pleasured him orally. Maggie shaved him from that day on.
Maggie lay down on her back sideways across the bed and hung her head over the edge. She grabbed at Keith’s legs and pulled him close to her. He hastily unzipped his pants. Pushing down his boxers, he positioned himself directly in front of her mouth. Her dark eyes shone up at him as she lapped at his balls and wet his cock with her pink tongue. Grasping his cock in one hand, Maggie guided it into her mouth, her fingers meeting her lips so they carressed him in one warm, fluid motion.
“Oh, Mag, that feels so good,” Keith whispered. He rocked his hips back and forth in time with her gentle strokes. He looked down at Maggie on the bed. She was lying with her long legs slightly bent at the knees, her body completely relaxed except for her hands which reached over her head to touch him. If Keith hadn’t been able to see and feel his cock sliding into Maggie’s mouth, he might have thought she was sleeping.
“Mmmmm.” Maggie hummed as she sucked, causing her mouth and tongue to vibrate softly on Keith’s slick cock. Keith groaned and rocked his pelvis faster. He pumped his cock into her mouth for a few minutes before Maggie pulled it out. She stroked him with both hands, keeping them in continual motion, and kissed and licked his balls.
“Do you like that, honey?” Maggie asked.
“You know I do,” Keith replied. “Suck my balls…”
Maggie drew Keith’s balls into her mouth and teased them with her tongue. Her head was completely between his legs now. Keith could feel her nose bumping into the tender area beneath his balls. Every time she exhaled, a burst of warm air passed over his asshole.
She released his balls and pulled his stiff cock down to her mouth again. Keith groaned deeply as she held his ass cheeks in her hands to guide him into her mouth.
“Mag, oh Maggie, yeah, suck me…”
Maggie dug her nails into Keith’s ass, forcing him deep into her mouth. With one quick swallow, all seven and a half inches of him slipped easily down into her throat.
“Oh, fuck, yes!”
Keith looked down to see that the entire length of his cock had disappeared into Maggie’s mouth. He shuddered in ecstasy. This was just one of Maggie’s talents that drove him crazy. Keith squinted at his wife in the darkening room. He wasn’t sure, but he thought he could see a bulge in her throat as she swallowed his thick, hard cock. Each time he entered her mouth, Keith could feel her lips pushing up against his pubic bone. She was salivating so heavily now that she had to slurp to keep from choking. Keith grunted and panted with pleasure. Maggie continued sucking him deep into her throat until she felt his cock begin to twitch.
“Do you want to cum in my mouth, babe?” she asked.
“No. You know what I want.”
Maggie rolled over onto her stomach and leaned on her elbows. She looked at Keith lovingly.
“So come and get it.”
He sat on the edge of the bed to pull off his shoes and kick off his pants. He caught Maggie by one arm and pulled her close. Kneeling together on the bed, they kissed again, their arms wrapped around one another tightly.
He tugged at her panties, pulling them down her legs and tossed them aside. Keith slid his hand between her thighs. Using the juices that were dripping from her pussy, Keith lightly stroked her clit. Maggie gave a little cry. She clung to him as his finger teased her. Unable to wait any longer, she pushed Keith down onto the bed and straddled him.
She put her mouth close to his ear and whispered.
“I didn’t pump this afternoon… my breasts are practically bursting.”
Keith groaned aloud. Maggie sat up and proudly stuck her full breasts out for him to see. There were two damp spots on her bra over each nipple. She was leaking.
“Oh, Maggie…” Keith said lustfully. He pulled the straps off her shoulders and peeled the bra down to free her swollen breasts. He cupped one in each of his hands and softly squeezed them, using his thumbs and index fingers to pinch her nipples.
“Ooooh, honey, be careful. If you keep pinching them like that, there is going to be milk everywhere,” Maggie teased. Keith laughed and squeezed her tits even harder. Maggie reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She tossed it on the floor then leaned down to speak softly in his ear once more.
“Are you hungry, baby? Do you want to drink mommy’s milk?” Maggie whispered naughtily.
“Oh, yeah, give it to me!”
Maggie rocked against Keith’s hips a few times, then raised herself up on her knees. Grasping his stiff cock in one hand, she held it steady while she lowered herself down onto him.
“Mmm, baby, you feel so good,” Maggie said. She moved forward and back on Keith, riding him like a cowboy. Maggie looked directly into his eyes and rubbed her breasts. She knew he liked to watch her touch them.
“Close your eyes,” Maggie said softly. Keith shut his eyes and waited. He knew what would come next. He thought about it every day. He daydreamed about it at work and in the car. The anticipation made his cock grow rock hard. As Maggie rode him faster and faster, she moaned in delight. Her pussy was sopping wet now, and the sounds of her body moving against his filled the room.
“Please, please, Mag,” Keith moaned without opening his eyes.
And then he felt it. Tiny jets of warm milk hit him in the face and large drops fell on his bare chest. His breath caught in his throat and Keith opened his eyes. The lashes of his right eye were sticky and her milky discharge clouded his vision. He quickly reached forward and grasped her breasts to help her squeeze the milk out.
“Open your mouth, baby,” Maggie said in between gasps.
Keith opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out slightly. Pinching her nipples, Maggie sprayed milk from the left breast directly into his mouth. Keith heaved with excitement. When he could hold no more of the sweet liquid, he swallowed and presented his open mouth again.
“I want to suck them. I want to drink all your milk while you fuck me!”
Maggie helped Keith pile pillows behind his back, then leaned forward to dangle her breasts in his face. He fondled her milk-laden tits, which were still dripping milk onto his chest. Then he took one breast in his mouth. His tongue licked at her nipple, circling and teasing it. Maggie dug her arm under Keith’s neck and cradled his head. She held him firmly while he suckled at one breast and cupped the other one in his hand.
“That’s it, yes, suck my tit!” Maggie cried. Keith took her entire nipple and areola into his mouth and sucked. Maggie moaned loudly. She could feel a squeezing sensation in her breast as her milk let down into Keith’s waiting mouth. The release felt wonderful. Sighing in pleasure, she pushed her pussy hard down onto Keith’s fully erect cock.
Keith needed to swallow repeatedly to keep up with the breastmilk that was gushing out of Maggie’s full tit. His mouth never lost contact with her warm skin, all the time sucking and swallowing her sweet milk. Maggie held his head close to her bosom and showered his head and neck with kisses. She rode him while Keith thrust his hips up and down, causing the lovers to move in unison.
“Oh, Keith… honey, that feels so good, don’t stop,” Maggie said with urgency. She was very close to climax. She dug her nails into the back of Keith’s head and held him firmly against her breast.
“Oh, fuck, don’t stop! You’re going to make me cum,” Maggie cried. Keith groaned in response, his mouth full of her luscious juice. He had been on the verge of orgasm since she squirted breastmilk in his face. Now he was just waiting for Maggie to reach her peak before he erupted inside her.
Maggie spread her legs wide to allow Keith to penetrate her as deep as possible. Keith felt the tip of his cock bumping against Maggie’s cervix, and knew he couldn’t get any further inside her. He thrust his hips upwards again and again, and marveled at the response it caused in Maggie.
“Yes, harder, harder, fuck me harder!” she cried. Her thighs began to quiver. Keith sucked furiously at her right breast and squeezed the left, which was dripping milk in a steady stream now. The sticky liquid dribbled down Maggie’s breast and onto Keith’s body, ultimately mingling with the juices that were accumulating between their legs and on the sheets.
“Oh god, yes… I’m gonna cum, baby!” Maggie screamed. She pressed her mouth against Keith’s ear. “Bite me!” she ordered him through clenched teeth.  
Keith bit down hard on her nipple as Maggie’s orgasm washed over her body. Jets of breastmilk shot into his mouth, hitting him in the back of the throat. He couldn’t hold back anymore. Pushing his cock as far as he could into Maggie’s convulsing body, Keith blasted his cum inside her. He clung to Maggie desperately with one arm as his cock erupted several more times inside of her.
Maggie’s body began to go limp as her orgasm subsided. She collapsed into Keith’s arms. She pressed her lips to his smooth, muscular chest over and over. They lay holding each other silently for a long time.
Maggie slid off of her husband and snuggled up beside him in their bed. She nestled her head under Keith’s arm and reached down to caress his balls.
“So, are you hungry?” she asked.
“Actually, no. I’m feeling rather full,” Keith laughed.
Maggie giggled and gave his balls a quick squeeze. “Seriously, I got two huge rib eyes at the butcher’s today,” she said.
“Mmm, I love steak,” Keith said.
“I know you do.” Maggie kissed him tenderly on the lips. “Why don’t you rest for awhile? I’ll call you when dinner’s ready.” She got out of bed and pulled on a sweatshirt and a pair of jeans.
“No panties?” Keith asked.
“I would just have to take them off again after dinner…” Maggie teased.
A broad smile spread over Keith’s face.
“Wow, an appetizer, dinner _and_ dessert?” he asked. He crossed his arms behind his head and watched Maggie as she made her way across the bedroom to the door. “What’s the occasion?”
“No occasion, honey. It’s just Friday.”
Maggie blew Keith a kiss and went downstairs to make dinner. Keith stretched out on the bed and drifted off to sleep. He awoke some time later and wondered if he should wait for her to call up the stairs for him. Keith decided he could not wait. He roused himself out of bed, lured downstairs by the smell of steaks on the grill and the woman who was cooking them.