The sleek jet-furred Panther-demon and his Lynx-demon business partner were closing up their business premises for the evening, having secured their fish catch in cold storage prior to the market the next morning. I could see the Lynx-demon's eyes glowing as the pair approached the street lamp I was standing under. I fiddled with the little cats head charm that dangled from the slim leather collar I had around my neck with my fingertip as I waited for them to get nearer.
"Hey sailors," I said in a low husky voice "are either or both of you looking for a good time?"
"Can we get a beer first, Linzi?" Leo'onc, the Panther-demon asked. "It's been a thirsty sort of a day!"
"A beer or two sounds good to me!" I answered. "Where's Felix tonight?"
"He's at the shipwright's, down the coast, discussing the plans for our new boat." said Korbis'leux the Lynx-demon. "He'll be away for a few days."
I linked arms with them both, with me in the middle, as we walked the short distance to their favourite waterfront tavern. Inside, my tiny leather skirt and midriff-revealing sheer belly top, an item of clothing from Earth that Demon weavers didn't seem to be able to replicate, drew the usual lustful glances, the little silver rings fitted tightly around my erect nipples glinting beneath the transparent fabric. I slid onto a bench near the back, tugging at the back of my skirt to ensure my bare bottom was in contact with the rough wood. Felix sat beside me on my right as Korbis went to the bar. The Panther-demon's left hand-paw slid between my thighs as I spread my knees apart. Korbis soon joined us, placing three foaming mugs of the tavern's delicious beer, that tasted slightly of citrus like my favourite beer in the Hu-man Realm, on the wooden table in front of us. The Lynx-demon's right paw- hand slipped under my skirt at the back to caress my bottom as we chatted and drank. Two scantily clad Leopard-demon girls sidled up to the table, their leather skirts almost as short as mine, but they kept walking when they realised that Linzi'estar the Pleasure imp had the attention of their prospective partners for the evening!
I'd met the three fishermen a few months earlier, when I'd decided to try my hand at cooking a fish dish for my beloved Gyn. At that time, while news had spread of the existence of a Pleasure imp, very few knew my name, even less what I looked like. Apart from Gyn and my deepening relationship with my former Master, now steady boyfriend, Tel'estar, I had confined my more casual sexual encounters to my friends on Tel'estar's estate, particularly my beautiful Leopard-demon girlfriend, Felis'bel and her mate Felix'kan, wary of those who might see me as just a wanton plaything to be exploited for their amusement. But the three fishermen had shown me friendship right from our first meetings, as well as introducing me to the delicious Demon Realm beer! With my weakness for Cat-demons, it was a natural progression for us from the tavern to the apartment of the twin Lynx-demons Korbis and Felix'leux, located in the partners' warehouse. Staying over with them also meant that I could be first in line when they opened their stall the next morning!
Leo's almost human fingers had slipped between my sex lips a little as Korbis's claws scratched lightly over my bum cheeks, the pleasure of their attentions making me wriggle a little as I struggled to keep my arousal under control. "I still find it strange that the Demon Realm doesn't use money of any kind!" I commented, trying to think of something really unsexy!
"Yes," said Leo, as two of his fingers twisted inside my pussy, one over the other, making me bury my face against his neck, biting him there very softly to stifle my moans. "I'm glad the High Lords understand our barter system, because it doesn't make any sense at all to me!"
Tel'estar had in fact explained to me that the Demon Realm's barter system was actually something of a facade; in truth, the Demon Realm system depended on the principle that its resources actually belonged to all citizens equally. While all demons were expected to contribute to the society as much as their personal aptitudes and abilities allowed, since no individual owned the wood, metal or anything else required to produce goods or provide services, fishermen like my friends could obtain a new boat or equipment without incurring debt or having to worry about finance; no demon citizen wanted for anything. Indeed, the High Lords didn't 'rule' Demonkind in a literal sense; they simply ensured that resources were allocated fairly and equitably and that society's laws were enforced. Any decision affecting Demonkind as a whole was put to a plebiscite, including the recent repeal of the slave laws that had allowed Tel'estar to steal me from Gyn nearly a year previously. The High Lords were in charge because Demonkind needed somebody to be, and they enjoyed a higher standard of living as a reward for their services to society rather than by some sort of feudalistic entitlement.
"MMMMMMMMMMMM! Your barbs feel a little longer than usual, Korbis." I sighed, as I ran my tongue tip slowly round the back of his swollen cockhead, before caressing his frenulum lightly, teasingly, with my tongue stud. I then turned my head to the right to gently stroke the deep purple plum of Leo's cock with my tongue as well, his barbs smooth, almost polished, the way his mate preferred.
"I've grown them out a little for you, sweet sexy imp!" answered Korbis, as I gently rubbed the underside of his glans lightly with my thumb as my tongue now caressed the pronounced flanged ridges on the crown of Leo's cock. "I know you like them like that!"
"Your tongue is amazing, Linzi!" Leo said, gasping. "Even right now I find it hard to believe that we three simple fishermen have been befriended by the Pleasure imp!"
I looked up at him, still slowly licking his cockhead, teasing his frenulum with my tongue tip. "What can I say, Leo," I replied, "I've always been a cat lover!"
Dipping my tongue tip into the bead of crystal fluid that had already welled up in the opening in his glans, I drew it out in a crystal thread as I held his gaze, then slowly spread it on the flesh of his bulb with my tongue. Gripping the thick shafts of both cocks now, I opened my mouth wide to take both cockheads gently between my teeth, my canines indenting the spongy flesh of the upper side of each glans a little. I pumped both of their cockstems slowly as my tongue tip moved slowly around and between both plums, flicking them lightly, caressing each of them with the little platinum ball fixed into my tongue, pressing my tongue tip into the little wells of fluid in the openings in each glans until both my friends were yowling softly with pleasure, a Cat-demon sound that deepened the constant lickerishness in my imp's belly into throbbing, pulsing arousal. I continued to caress both cockheads with my tongue until precum flowed steadily from both of their little openings. Then, releasing the bulb of Korbis's cock from my mouth, I turned my body around on the bed until my bum was rubbing slowly against his twitching glans. While my lips slid slowly down over Leo's wonderfully dark coloured cockhead, I moaned as Korbis gripped my bottom, his claws almost piercing the taut skin. I arched my back more deeply, presenting my pussy to him, the throbbing arousal in my belly becoming a deepening well of pleasure as the crown of his cock slipped and rubbed against my engorged sex lips before beginning to push slowly inside me.
The barbs on Korbis's glans rubbed deliciously against my vaginal walls as his cockstem pistoned it in and out of my tight little pussy, producing rapidly deepening contractions that soon had me moaning and gasping on Leo's cock in my mouth and throat, the sensation making him grip my head and thrust it deeper between my lips, my teeth now gripping the gold ring that encircled the base of his shaft as I snorted air through my nose steadily, Korbis's noduled cockhead delivering me into a deep prolonged orgasm as his prickly belly pounded against my bottom cheeks, both Cat-demons growling softly now as their own pleasure began to build. As I felt both cockshafts tense, arching harder, I very quickly let Leo's slip from my lips with a low gasp as I moved forwards until Korbis's cockhead slipped from within me with a definite popping sensation, the feeling of the little barbs resisting the outward passage of his plum against my vaginal entrance bringing a little scream of joy from me as I now turned round and onto my back. My lips captured the head of Korbis's cock as I bent my knees up so my thighs were at right angles to my body and spread flat on the bed, so that Leo could easily push his long thick cock into my bottom.
The hard little nodules on Korbis's cockhead now rubbed inside my throat as his shaft moved slowly in and out of my mouth, my lips splayed wide at first as he pleasured his cock in my throat, my tongue stud wriggling against the upper side of his cockstem. Leo's thick shaft stretched my sphincter wonderfully tight as he drove his smooth cockhead deep inside my bottom, my muscles relaxing and contracting reflexively to draw him fully within me. I moaned loudly on Korbis's cock as Leo's glans penetrated my bottom to the deep pleasure point, the passage within me tightening on him, squeezing his cockshaft as I reached up to grip his hips, my lips tightening round the base of his shaft as I began to suck his cock hard, the growls of both Cat-demons taking on a mewling note as their cocks arched harder, tensing, beginning to throb. Leo began to rub my nubbin with his thumb, making me snort hard through my nose as I came simultaneously with the pumping and throbbing climaxes of both my Cat-demon lovers, our sounds of mutual pleasure filling the warm air of the room.
As the kaleidoscopic night sky of the Demon Realm began to lighten, my head was bobbing slowly up and down on Leo's rigid cock. His gold cock ring was pushed so far down the shaft that it was partially buried in the furry skin of his ballocks, the skin sleeved back tight so the flanged ridges were fully exposed, the veins bulging beneath the skin of his cockstem. My lips slid all the way from just behind the head down to the ring on each stroke, my nostrils flaring as I kept my mouth sealed around the shaft, loving the feeling of the bulging veins rubbing against my lips as I twisted my head on each downstroke to enhance the rubbing sensation in my throat, his soft growls of delight making my belly tighten pleasurably in response, as his heavily noduled tongue stroked and lapped at my engorged pussy lips, my moans vibrating the flesh of his cockshaft as my inner labia quivered, his tongue bringing me on again, my hips jolting my sex against his mouth as he pushed his tongue inside me, twisting it against my vaginal walls as they spasmed in a deep climax, my juices flowing in hot splashes over his questing tongue.
The dawn's light finally roused Korbis from his cat-nap. He stretched and rubbed his eyes, then lay on his side, his cock becoming ramrod stiff as he watched me pleasure his friend's cock to climax as Leo made me come again, my sex lips now flattened and spread against his wriggling tongue, my pleasure button pressed down by his tongue tip. I turned my head to smile at Korbis, Leo's cock pressed against my cheek.
"Leo may be too tired to open the stall, Korbis!" I remarked, grinning.
"I slept while you and Korbis were in the bath earlier!" Leo said. "I'll just get some breakfast, then I'll open up." He rose from the bed and dressed as I began to slowly lick Korbis's cockshaft from his prickly ballocks right to the tip. Leo watched us for a while over his shoulder before he opened the apartment door.
"I'll have your order prepared and wrapped when you're ready, Lady Linzi!" he called back as he left the apartment.
I caressed the area behind the ridges on Korbis's cockhead slowly with my tongue tip, savouring the musky taste, then rubbed the little pleasure nexus at the join of the ridges with my tongue stud; he growled very softly and pushed his hips forward a little, as I ran my tongue tip over the barbs on his glans, loving the feel of the hard little bumps as I pressed my tongue against them. I pressed my tongue tip against the drop of precum in the opening in his plum, lapping it up like a cat myself as I held his gaze, Korbis smiling down at me. I began to wet the crown of his cock with my saliva, now mixed with his own fluid, licking the head all over, my tongue flattening against the barbs. Opening my mouth, I let the swollen head slide between my lips, my lips sliding wetly down the shaft all the way down to the base, the shaved fur of his ball sac rubbing my mouth before I released his wet cock from my mouth altogether with a little gasp, letting the barbs rub my lips as the head slipped from between them. I got to my feet on the bed as Korbis slid his body downwards.
"You'll be needing another bath after this!" said Korbis, as I stood over him, a foot on either side of his hips, as I slowly lowered my pussy onto his erect cock, moaning softly as my sex lips gloved his shaft all the way to the base.
"Oh, I'll be getting well and truly bathed later!" I replied, smiling, as I began to work my thighs and bottom, my feet still on the bed, my pussy sliding up and down on his cockshaft as his barbs rubbed against my already glowing vaginal walls with almost painful intensity!
I was lying naked, face down on a beach, snuggling my body into the warm sand. I had just emerged from the water, my body drying under the hot sun. The shaft of a riding crop cracked lightly across the joins of my bottom cheeks and the backs of my thighs, the pleasure-pain sweet and arousing, just where and how I liked it best. This is a lovely dream, I thought, if only my beloved Gyn were here with me. Then the crop cracked down hard, full across the curve of my buttocks!
"Yeeow!" I squealed, suddenly fully awake! My beloved Mistress stood over me, a long leather covered riding crop in her hand, which she then cracked across my ass once more!
"Linzi'estar, you naughty little imp, you've been catting around down at the docks again!" my Mistress shouted. "I could smell the fish the moment I stepped through the portal!"
"But Mistress," I said, grinning up at her wickedly and wiggling my ass, "it was only TWO cats this time!"
CRACK! went the crop across the full of my upturned bottom! I squealed and jumped out of bed.
"Bath! NOW! and then a good hard spanking!" she shouted, lifting the crop once more. I ran for the bathroom, looking over my shoulder to see my Gyn smiling widely; my darling Mistress loved bathing me thoroughly with her own hands, then spanking the wet skin of my bottom until I squealed and wriggled on her lap, so my 'welcome home' present had definitely pleased her!
Hours later, I was bent over at the charcoal burning oven, an old-fashioned piece of cooking technology that it had taken me quite some time to get the hang of using, checking on dinner. Gyn was sitting nearby, reading through the huge amount of correspondence that had piled up for her while she was away on Earth, working in secret in an attempt to save Humankind from its own greed and stupidity. My bottom glowed hot from within, the delicious sensation making me moan softly now and then, deep within my belly aching with arousal as my wet swollen sex lips throbbed. Except for my usual leather sandals, I was wearing only an apron, the heat in the kitchen having made me discard my little leather dress earlier.
"You could probably have cooked dinner on your ass!" Gyn said, laughing softly. "It certainly looks hot enough!"
"It's burning nicely all right, thank you, Mistress!" I called back, grinning. "Hey, I've been meaning to ask, why isn't your own bum on fire from spanking me?"
"It's the intention that makes an act violent," my beloved replied, "and I certainly don't intend to harm my darling Pleasure imp, now do I?"
"I don't think we need worry about Tel's intentions towards me, so!" I said, grinning, as I set a cooling bucket with two bottles of our favourite champagne in the centre of the dinner table. "Skilled spanking must be an estar trait!"
Gyn stiffened visibly at the mention of my relationship with Tel'estar. "Can we not talk about your...intimate friendship with Tel, please baby? I'm having trouble accepting that my beloved is now my brother's lover!"
I poured her a glass of champagne and handed it to her. "Gyn, you and I are melded, we share the same essence now. I can't feel the way I feel about you, can't need anyone else the way I need you, can't experience the transcendent passion and joy that I feel when we're together, with anyone else. We both have other lovers, although admittedly I have more than you, so why is my relationship with Tel a problem for you?"
"He stole you from me." she replied, before sipping her champagne. "He put an obedience collar on you and made you his slave, kept us apart for months and put you in mortal danger, albeit accidentally. Nothing would have stopped me passing through the Dark Portal this time, if I'd lost you in that forest! I'm finding it hard to forgive him, and to be honest I'm astonished that you have so easily!" There were tears in her eyes now. I hugged her tightly to me, then lifted her face to mine and kissed her deeply.
"I'm a Pleasure imp, my beloved, and being with him gives me immense pleasure." I answered, matter-of-factly. "But I'm human too! I know Tel and I didn't meet under...normal circumstances, but I care deeply for him and I know he cares for me too. Your brother used the law to make me his slave, deepening the breach between you both, but I couldn't help eventually feeling for him as a slave does for her Master. But he has come to feel for me as a woman, not a slave, I know he has! You know how I struggle to control my wanton nature, as much for the sake of our love as for my self-respect. Having a man in my life who cares for me and respects me helps me so much with that!"
"I know you do, baby, and I want to help you with that in any way that I can!" Gyn replied. "It's not your relationship with him that troubles me, it's how it came about. It's hard for me to see him as my brother again after that, much as it pains me to say so."
"He also deeply regrets how he handled your disagreement over the Human Realm, he feels that it was his fault, that he'd become too focused and inflexible and should have listened to you more." I added. "And he should of course be telling you all this himself!"
"Yes, he should." said Gyn. "But we estars don't give up information, or even our opinions, easily!"
"Believe me, beloved, I know that full well!" I replied, smiling. "But the human in me has a plan to loosen his tongue, don't you worry!"
"I don't!" Gyn replied, smiling. "Dinner smells ready, don't you think?"
Later, I was sitting on the bed, the wooden case for a pleasure toy in front of me.
"You've certainly become well acquainted with the contents of Tel's toy chest!" said Gyn, as she looked over at me from the mirror, as she brushed her thick raven-black hair.
"This isn't one of Tel's toys, my darling," I replied, "I had Tel's artisan make it for us."
She joined me on the bed as I unsnapped the fasteners on the case and lifted the lid off, placing it to one side. A large oval-shaped piece of crystal glass, highly polished, rested on the purple velvet inside the case. Clouds of scintillating colours flashed, softly coalesced and erupted from within each other at its core. I lifted it from the box and slid my hips closer to Gyn's, spreading my legs wide as I did, until the gap between my pussy and hers was slightly narrower than the widest part of the glowing gemstone. She took the polished stone from my hand and slipped it between our bodies, wriggling her hips forward until it was held snugly in place between our mounds. I shifted my bottom, feeling my inner labia press against the smooth surface, then spread apart, feeling the vibrations of the gemstone now as my open sex suckered to the smooth polished glass. I moaned softly as the vibrations were transmitted through my vaginal walls deep inside my belly, watching Gyn wriggle her lower body until the crystal was gripped by both of our opened pussies, the colours inside deepening, merging, beginning to coruscate in deep hues of red and pink.  
Our eyes locked as we each held the other's loving gaze, the crystal beginning to pulse as well as vibrate, long bursts of pleasure alternating with strengthening vibrations, sensations now coursing through our bodies. My consciousness began to expand beyond my physical self, my part human and part demonic essence reaching out to my beloved Gyn's as our already irreversibly joined natures became almost that of a single being, united, intertwined, melded. The pleasure surging within us intensified as we experienced melding, joy far beyond physical or emotional sensation suffusing our now joined essences, as if we had become pure sustained musical notes of cosmic beauty. I knew what Gyn knew, felt what she felt, became her as she became me, and what we knew and felt in that moment was our total love for one another, feeling as one, existing as one. Complete. We experienced the same orgasm as the pulsing, vibrating gemstone brought us to simultaneous, transcendent release; nothing I had ever experienced, even in Tel'estar's arms, could compare to this sublimation of myself and my beloved, a rapture I knew I would not want to live without, could not live without, passage through the Dark Portal preferable to one moment of existence without her.
The crystal stone had slipped from between us long before our essences finally became our individual consciousnesses once again. My legs were wrapped around Gyn's waist, her arms clasping my body to her, our lips softly pressed together, our bodies slick with perspiration. My beloved kissed me deeply, our tongues slowly caressing as we moaned softly against each other's lips. She looked into my eyes and grinned mischievously.
"Race you to the bath!" she said, "loser bathes the winner!"
We were asleep in each other's arms when the full-length bedroom mirror began to glow with the refractive pattern of a portal, immediately waking us up. Gyn slipped out of bed and walked over to it, pulling on a robe as she went, then spoke the incantation that allowed passage through it. I lay on the bed, unconcernedly naked, as a handsome Lightning-demon, who occasionally accompanied Gyn from Earth, stepped through.
"Hey, Kor!" I called to him, "how're things?"
"I'm fine, Lady Linzi," he replied, his eyes roaming over my naked body! "How are you?"
Gyn looked over and made a 'have you no shame?' sort of face! I grinned back and stuck my imp's tongue out at her. She smiled back.
"Doing great, thanks!" I replied. "You two talk, I'll make myself scarce!" I got out of bed and went into the lounge, aware of Kor's eyes on my still reddened bottom as I left them both!
I was completing a 'How Promiscuous are YOU?' quiz in one of the magazines that Gyn had brought from Earth when she came out of the bedroom, a serious look on her face.
"Don't tell me," I said, "it's back to Earth for you, isn't it?"
"I'm afraid so, baby!" she replied. "Back in a day or two though, I promise!"
I smiled at her. "I'm still kind of attached to the Hu-man Realm, my darling!" I said. "Go try to save it!"
"I'll do my best!" she said. "Have fun while I'm away!"
"Oh, I have some saving of my own to do!" I answered, grinning!