I felt him there before I saw his silhouette against the balcony doors. His dark form back lit by the moon, the sheers moving softly as he opened the doors. Heart beating faster within my breast I sat up slowly watching his figure move into the shadows of my bedroom. Excitement not fear had my mouth going dry as he moved closer to the foot of the bed. His voice like a whisper, though its timber was deep and smooth like scotch, causing a slow heated tingle along the surface of my skin.
I couldn't help but feel it was odd, that someone's voice could cause my body to react so intensely...but his did.
"You knew I would come to you tonight, didn't you?" he asked softly.
"Yes, I saw the moon and knew...hoped, you would come to me as you had before." My voice shook softly, though I did my best to sit up against the pillows and look as though his very presence didn't shake me to the bone.
I watched him move around the footboard to sit at my side, felt the mattress depress with his weight. My eyes were drawn to the movement of the bedding as if this proof of his reality might give me strength. So often I would lie in bed after he had gone and try to assure myself he was real.
His hand lifted slowly to caress my cheek as he spoke again in a soft whisper. His breath moving a small curl against my temple as he leaned close to brush his lips against my forehead...warm fingers curling against mine as he took my hand.
" You knew I would come to you. I said I would at each waning of the moon. One night, before the last sliver of silver disappears in the darkness."
Nodding my head I closed my eyes, breathing in his scent. He had the most incredible scent that seemed to linger on his skin. Not like cologne, where it’s obviously put there for the purpose of stimulating your senses. More like a natural scent that was part of his skin, his hair…even the air that surrounded him. I could almost taste it, the memory of it lingering against my tongue and on my senses from his last visit.
I had often thought about it, over the long hours at work when my mind would wander as the month drew to a close. Thoughts moving back to his touch and the feel of his body, the crush of his weight. Was it his soap? The shampoo he used? No, it was him…a mixture of some decadent, heady, erotic spice and the scent of the forest in fall. You know the one. The scent of early morning when you’re walking in the woods and the crush of your feet send the smell of the forest floor wafting up around you. That was him…
His hand moved down over my face and throat, slowly descending to draw open the light cotton neckline of my gown. Fingertips grazing in slow lazy circles as he took his time enjoying the heat he knew his touch ignited beneath my skin. I felt my body writhe against the bedding, back arching softly to lift my breasts to his touch. Nipples growing taut and fevered in anticipation as his fingers played over my breast in circles ever closer to their pulsing tips. His voice whispered in the darkness sending chills up my spine.
"You have perfect nipples. Their color like melted caramel, rising as if begging to be touched. Do they want to be touched?"
Shuddering softly I nodded, the words coming out on a slow out rush of breath. "Yes, so much. Touch them...please."
His head bent low over my chest, dark hair brushing my skin as I felt his mouth close over my left nipple, tongue circling it as he tugged against it sucking softly then dragging his teeth over the quivering peak. I gasped and felt my body arch, legs trembling as the heat shot from the tip of my breast down to pulse madly between my legs, fingers curling into the rough texture of his sweater along his sides.
His other hand moved to cup my right, fingers drawing leisurely to the nipple to roll it slowly between his thumb and forefinger as his mouth worked the other to sweet perfection. I felt my body grow hot and wet as if preparing for him. Welcoming him with my scent. My clit throbbed and ached to be touched. I gasped again and heard my own voice, as though far away, beg him to touch me.
His laugh was soft and deep. "But I am touching you my sweet, can you not feel me?"
I laughed dryly, my throat already constricting as I writhed beneath the sheets, legs parting slightly, as if air might help the raging heat pulsing between them. I heard the soft rumble of approval sound low in his chest as he smelled my arousal, sensing the endless depth of my need.
"Yes, you have been waiting for me haven't you…"
It was said more as a statement than a question. A soft hint of a smile in his voice as though the thought pleased him. "I want you to hunger for me. I want you to ache for me when I am not with you. As I ache for you. Your taste, your touch."
His hands slid down the open front of my nightgown and before I could question the movement he had ripped the thin white cotton down the center. My fevered skin exposed to the cool night air. I gasped softly, eyes coming open to meet his dark gaze. A hunger burned in his eyes as I felt him shift and give me his weight. Somehow his clothes were gone and I was rewarded with the warm touch of his skin, his body moving along mine as he slid over me to part my legs roughly with his knees.
Propped above me on his elbow, he met my eyes and held my gaze, unblinking. My hands moved up to caress the sharp angle of his jaw and the regal curve of his nose. He smiled slowly, lips that looked as though an artist sculpted them; his Roman features something out of the marble gallery at the Museum of fine art.
Hair falling in tousled curls over his forehead to shadow his eyes and face in the dim light. Eyes black as night, with a strange green rim; like an afterthought. Their color so like the pupil it was hard to distinguish where it began and ended. My fingers curled into his hair, black like a ravens wing, thick silk beneath my hands. I pressed my body to his trying to resist playfully the parting of my legs. He grew serious, though amusement still sparkled behind the expression in his eyes. His hands grew rough as he forced my arms down to my sides, mouth lowering to ravage my throat and down to recapture my breast.
His teeth clamped down as I gave a soft cry, hips lifting to rub against the length of his erection. I felt him press into my belly and mound through the silk of my panties. He lifted both my wrists over my head and held them in one of his hands, the other sliding down my side to caress my hip then roughly snare the side of my panties. With a slow deliberate twist of his fingers he met my eyes and I heard the material rip away. His lips curved upward at the corners as his hand tossed the ruined silk aside and moved back to my heat, fingers teasing my swollen lips, aching to be breached.
I undulated beneath the weight of his body, brazenly rubbing my sex against his hand and along the length of his shaft. Feeling him swell against my stomach I smiled soft triumph and made him laugh. He shook his head softly before taking my mouth, the kiss slow but thorough and sensuous in its exploration. His tongue traced my lips then forced them to part, invading my mouth to search and seek my own tongue. Coaxing and caressing, he deepened the kiss till my mind reeled with the rough press of his lips and the savage need I felt in the urgent press of his hips. His hand worked over my smooth mound, fingers forcing inside me as his tongue did the same. Their exploration mirrored his kiss as he slid two fingers up inside. His thumb worked over my engorged clit and I tried to gasp, body bucking beneath his. Instead I drew his breath into my lungs the kiss sealed tight, as he seemed to drink from my burning desire.
Slowly he drew back to meet my eyes, and I felt him shift to press the head of his cock against my core. He groaned softly, eyes closing as the heat of my body enveloped the swollen head of his shaft and I heard myself moan as I felt him move inside. Stilling his hips he trembled and shuddered then opened his eyes to meet mine. His hand cupping my face to make me open my eyes I met his gaze, barely able to distinguish his words whispered against my lips.
"You haunt my every waking moment, I cannot come to you as before. Say you will come with me, now, tonight. You are mine and I would have you with me always. Say it love. Say you belong to me and you will come with me."
I felt him moving further into me, the thickness of his cock sliding inside to stretch me tight around his length. I couldn't form words; my mind was numb with pleasure. Unfocused. I could only writhe and move to take him further, deeper. My legs wrapped around his waist instinctively and tightened as if trying to force him further within. He growled as I tested his control, hips slowing to still even as I whimpered protest and moved beneath him to try to do the work myself. He shook, I could feel his whole body tremble with tightly held control as his eyes flew open and he forced me to look at him.
"Tell me. Tell me you do not love me. Tell me you can live without me and I will return as before. But if you cant...if you cant look at me and deny that you belong to me, then say it and we will be together, always. No more emptiness no more pain. Together."
My mind tried to focus, to grasp his words but my heart and body would not slow to let me think. Forever he said, forever...always. His.
Slowly his words sank in and I nodded, voice near a whisper, throaty and deep with unmet hunger. "Yes...yes. I belong to you. I ache for you when you are not here and I cannot live without you. I want to be with you, to belong to you. Always."
He gave a low dark laugh, head thrown back as he released my hands and drew me into his arms, covering my mouth with his as his hips began to move again. I met his thrusts, the hunger like a fire consuming all in its path. I felt the heat gather between us and writhe as though it were alive, licking up and over my body, beneath my skin even as I tightened around his throbbing cock. He slammed into me hands moving to hold mine as he drew my arms up beside my shoulders pressing them into the mattress. His voice was low, soft and edged with mounting pleasure as he worked his cock further inside me. The long rough strokes forced me closer and closer without a moment to catch my breath. My head spun and I felt my whole body tense as he swept me over the edge of darkness into the curling velvet pleasure that wracked my body. He cried out my name as his own climax shook his frame and I felt him explode inside me, flood me with searing heat. Trembling I wrapped my arms around him. The tears coming with the pleasure and understanding that he would not leave me this time. He would stay and I would not be alone.
Drawing back he kissed my eyes, fingertip tracing the warm track of tears down my cheek as he murmured soft assurance against my ear. "Sshhh... my love. Never again will you feel the pain. Never again will you be alone. You are mine."
In the hospital room my sister stood over the bedside, crying. Her hand clutched over her mouth as the nurses and doctors worked to revive me. I stood a ways away, my hand in his. For a moment I felt the twinge of separation. My twin and her husband embraced and I knew that she would be all right.
The doctor stepped to her side and said softly. "The treatments were excruciating and hard for her. That's why we only scheduled them once a month. She was brave to try it but the disease had such a head start. I don't know how she stood the pain for so long without a word to anyone."
Cassie looked over at my body lying in the small metal bed. The wires and tubes hooked to the machines finally being removed. She smoothed my hair from my forehead and I heard her whisper. "She was always the brave one. She gave up a lot to see that I got what I wanted in life. Somehow, she seems happier now. Look at her face, so serene…so beautiful. She always said I was the pretty one but...I just wish she had found someone to love her. I wish I knew she was happy. "
I stepped to her side, my hand brushing her forehead as hers did my body, which lay a few feet away. She looked up and I whispered against her ear. "I love you Cass, and I am happy...and I am loved."
I watched her eyes darken and her hand move to her husbands. She smiled and the tears fell softly down her cheeks. She turned to him and nodded. "Lets go. Its alright now."
I turned to him and moved back to his arms. He embraced me and kissed my temple softly. "Come my sweet. I have so much to show you."
I took his hand and stepped away from it all, the pain, the fear, and the cold.
Finding the answers to all my questions within his arms.