Chapter Eight

Okay, okay, I said to Jilly, you can cut the crap.  Pammy told me she told you about us.  I looked at Pammy. She looked angelically innocent.

Jilly said, Oh.  She smiled.  So, I guess thats settled, then.

Whats settled? I asked.

Jilly said, The question of who sleeps on the couch tonight.

Pammy said, Dont be silly.   Its a king-sized bed.  Theres room for everybody.  She crossed the room and hugged Jilly, and motioned for me to join.  I guess for a brief moment I thought it was one of those, Im so sorry hugs, but I think that thought left my head when Jillys rounded ass gently pressed into my dick.

I guess bathing was awkward for everybody this first night.  I mean, like half the time, Pammy and I bathe together, but a lot of times we dont.  It just depends on the mood, whos tired, who needs a rub, whatever.  We never give it much thought.  Its just that sometimes the two of us are up to our chins together in a tub of hot water or lathered together in the shower, other times Ill walk out after shes done her bathing and shes sitting at the vanity drying and combing that luscious straight blonde hair.

Tonight, though, it was After you.  No, you first.  No, you go.  Finally I gave in and went.  After I showered, I shaved.  Both places.  My face and the pubes.  Somewhere in the last year Pammy and I had gotten this bright idea about shaving our genitalia, and she really liked it.  So did I.  So we both shaved.  Sometimes we shaved each other.  Tonight I did myself.  Finally I walked out.  Next, I said.

Pammy was sitting lengthwise on the sofa and Jilly was lounged backward in her arms.  When Id walked out the door, Pammy was burying her nose in Jillys curly locks.  Jilly needs hugs, Dan.

Jilly said, Umm.  Uh  I guess Ill go next.  She rummaged through her suitcase and pulled out a set of mens pajamas and went into the bathroom.  I heard the shower running.

I looked at Pammy with one eyebrow raised.  So.  She needs hugs?

Oh, Dan, thats our Jilly.  She was part of me and you, you know.

I know, baby, but that was a long time ago.  Things change.  Shes not the same Jilly.  Shes been through a lot we havent.  Weve taken care of each other.  Jilly hasnt had anybody to do that for her.

Pammy got that Im right and YOU know Im right look and threw it on top of me.  She does now.

What about the just you and me forever promise?

Dan, do you love me?  I mean, REALLY love me?

Why even ask?  You know I do.   Youre my Pammy.  I will never need another woman as long as I live.

And thats how I am about you, Danny.  She punctuated her statement with a kiss.  A serious kiss.  But this is Jilly, and Jilly IS part of us.  From the beginning.  You know.

I kind of understand.

And with Jilly we just fill in the gaps in our life.  Look, were like two bricks, see?  Identical.  We stack together perfectly.  And Jilly, Im thinking, shes like that cement stuff that sticks bricks together.

Mortar.  Its called mortar.

And my brother is an ass.  She shook my head between her hands then planted a kiss on my lips, then her tongue went between my lips to meet mind.

Im an engineer ass.  And I love my little sister slash lover and I dont want to ever lose her.  Never.

Dont be silly.  Nobody could take me from you.  And nothing can take you from me.  But Jilly will just fit us all together.

Youve talked with Jilly about this?

Eyes twinkled. On this planet, who knew me better than this five foot six inch tall blonde in front of me.  We might have talked.  Maybe a little.  She pulled my face down and kissed me.  You and me.  Forever.  Okay?

And Jilly?  If she wants?

And Jilly.  And yes, she wants.

I heard the shower stop, then the hair dryer cranked up. So, Im, like, the big baddie that could screw up this deal?

I told her how it was between us.  What we promised.  And how I felt.  But I told her that if I had to choose, I would choose you.  She understood.

Thats a lot of understanding.  How long have you two been talking about this?

Two weeks.  Youre gonna hate the phone bill.  She called me after he blew up at her after the doctor visit.  She knew it was over then.  And one more thing

What? I asked.

I am going to go to class Monday morning and I want YOU to take the day off and LOVE Jill.  Just you and her.  Okay?

What?

Oh, come on!  You and her used to do it by yourselves when we were kids.  I just want you to make sure that you and her get some alone time.  You know you and I will, and, eyes twinkled, She and I will.  And I dont want you feeling guilty about it, okay?

Okay

I was holding Pammy with my hands on her hips when the bathroom door popped open and Jilly walked out wearing a loose-fitting set of mans pajamas.

You two! she laughed.  Pammy!  Your turn!

Pammy tiptoed up and kissed me quickly on the lips and hit the bathroom.  I barely noticed she didnt get her pajamas.  Under normal circumstances, she and I have a lot of nudie time in our apartment, but most of the time were in our PJs in the evening.  I figured shed do that.  I was wrong.

Jilly waltzed past me and turned sideways on the sofa.  Sit, she commanded.

I sat.

So.  You guys talked?

We talked.

And?

And I found out that Pammy and I are like two bricks and Jilly is the stuff thats supposed to make them stick together even better.

Did she tell you that I go by Jill now?

Oooo-kay

And she stole that bricks and cement thing from when we were talking?

Its mortar, not cement.

And she said you can be quite a smartass.  A charming smartass, she put it.

Im wounded, I feigned hurt.

And she said she was 99 percent sure youd go along with it.

Jilly  Jill, Nobody on this planet knows me like that little girl in the shower.  Nobody.

Dan, did you ever think about me?

I looked at those green eyes and that plump body.  Jill, I thought about us.  How we just sort of were a unit, you know.  And when you moved, a piece of me left.

She smiled.  Thank you.  I needed to hear that.  Dan, let me tell you something.

What? I asked.

I want you to know that I am NOT trying to get you.  I dont want YOU.  I want you both.  Its never going to be you and me or Pammy and me.  Its going to be Dan and Pammy and Jill, or Jill and Dan and Pammy, or Pammy and Jill and Dan, or whatever.  Okay?

Thats the way I want it, I said.  I heard the shower water stop and the hair dryer kick on again.  It didnt take Pammy long to dry her short hair and she bopped out of the bathroom to find Jill at her end of the sofa and me at mine.

Hmmmph! she snorted.  You two have more patience than I would have.

Whatever do you mean, little sister, I teased, surveying her naked body.

Ooooh Danny, she teased.  That little girl at the end of the sofa had your dick in her thirteen years ago.  So why are you being all bashful now?

Jill said, Pammy, I didnt want to kiss him without you here.  I just felt like I needed to wait.

Dont wait, then, said Pammy.

Jill practically leapt the length of the sofa and onto the top of me and her face clamped to mine.  I couldnt help but wrap her in my arms and revel in her soft body.  Dan, she said, were back!

Guys, said Pammy, I think we can move this off the sofa, huh?

Jill peeled herself off me and we trooped into the bedroom.  She and Pammy hopped onto the bed and sat cross-legged, expectantly.  I joined them.

Jill giggled.  youre gonna laugh, she said, but its sticking out!

Pammy giggled too.  Isnt that how this all got started?

Yeah, said Jill.

Hey, we need to be serious for a minute, guys, I said.  Guys. Two nubile twenty-one year old girls.  Guys, indeed.

Okay, Pammy said.

Alright, said Jill.  What are we being serious about?

You, I said.  Pammy and I have always been with just each other, ever since you moved.  Nobody else.  So we know we dont have any diseases.

What?  You think I might have a disease?  I only did it with you and Derrick, and I was married to Derrick.

Im not worried that you did it with somebody, Im worried that Derrick.  If he was running around, he might have gotten something.  And if he got it, you got it.

Jill looked flustered, then sad, then she spoke.  You didnt listen.  I was at the doctor two weeks ago.  He ran a bunch of tests.  I dont have any diseases.  I havent had sex with Derrick in months.  Hes not interested in me.  He thinks Im a freak anyway.  And then I put on weight.

He thinks youre a freak?  Why?  I asked.

Dan, you know all the stuff that you an me an Pammy used to do?  Sucking and eating and licking and stuff.  And plain fucking?  In all those different positions?

Yeah.  So?

When Derrick and I met, we were going to the same church.  Mom and Dad started taking me to church after we moved.  I met Derrick.  He was cute enough, and he was sort of nice to me, and there werent many boys my age, and I was shy, and we started hangin out at church things.  An we stayed together all through high school, an when I graduated, everybody just thought we were goin to get married, so we did.

Pammy might have heard some of this before, but I was hearing a confession for the first time.   Uh-huh, I said.

We were church kids a wed never had sex together, so on our wedding night I was all excited to be with a guy again like you an me used to do.  An when we got in bed, I grabbed his thing an started to kiss it, and he freaked out.  He called me all kinds of names.  We didnt even do anything on my wedding night.  He did start using me, though, and thats what it was.  Hed use me.  He didnt kiss me or play with me, just climbed on top of me and stuffed it in me an used me.

I stared, then reached for her pretty freckled face and touched her cheek.  Im sorry, Jill, I said.

Jill continued, Dan, I didnt even know sex could be BAD.  That it could HURT.  But thats all it did.  I tried to be soft and happy an teach him like we learned together, but he called me a whore an slapped me. So I stopped trying.  An two years of that, an I thought a baby would put us together, so I got off the Pill, but I didnt get pregnant, so I went to the doctor.  I got tested for everything.  One thing he found out was that I cant get pregnant.  The other thing was that I didnt have any of those diseases.  An he hasnt done anything to me in at least two months.  A tear was in the corner of each eye.

Pammy closed her arms around Jill, caressing, kissing Jills face, gently.  I looked at Jill and reflected on how many idiots there were in the world, especially one that could take this little girl, once my Jilly, now, delightful, plump, pretty, still freckled, still green-eyed, still tousled brown curls wreathing her face, this Jill, and not love her and cherish her and delight in her.

Im sorry, Jill.  I had to ask.  Im glad you told me all that.  I know it was difficult.

I told Pammy most of that, but I told her not to tell you.  I wanted to tell you myself.

I leaned over and kissed her and held her against me.

You know, Dan, the best time in my life was US.  You an Pammy an me.  You told me you loved me a long time ago.

Pammys eyes met mine.  She said, I told you I loved you too, Jill.  We still do.  She joined me in encircling Jill in our arms.

I ran my hand over the lush curves of Jills body as we embraced.

Oooh, Dan, it feels so good to be touched like that again.

Pammy slid around behind Jill and knelt.  Her face brushed aside Jills brown locks and she planted a string of kisses on the back of Jills neck.  Jill purred.

I felt a warm hand encircle my dick. I was soft but Jills hand ended that.  Its stickin out, she said.  She turned her face upward and a smile painted across her lips then spread over her face.  Pammys face was on Jills shoulder looking at me in full grin.  Her hand cupped Jills C-cup breast.

Dan, hers are different than mine.

I reached up and caressed the other breast, then Jills fingers started unbuttoning.  Her pajama top opened for me and Pammy.  Jills titties were magnificent, fuller than Pammys, a little sag to them, aureoles dark pink, nipples like pencil erasers.

I couldnt resist that.  I bent forward and found her right titty with my tongue.  She moaned, and as I sucked it into my mouth, her hand pulled my head into her.  Lay back, baby, I said.  Pammy supported Jill as she laid backwards.  Pammy was nude.  She moved so she could hug Jills face to her own breasts, but first she kissed Jill full on the mouth.  I could see that their tongues were rediscovering each other.  I was enraptured by Jills body.  Where Pammy was not fat in the least, Jill was lush, a soft belly, a little fat above her hips, and I was exploring it with my eyes and hands and mouth.

When their kiss broke, Jill sighed.  ohhhhhh!  Its been sooooo long!

I was at her navel, licking it with my tongue, and my fingers were in the waistband of her pajama bottoms.  I popped the snap.  They fell open, revealing her pubic mound, lightly covered with curly brown hair.  I moved down and kissed that delightful round softness.  Her breath released with a hiss.  I tugged lightly at her waistband and she raised her hips up so I could pull off her pajamas.  Once they were out of the way, I went back to kissing her plump mound.  Her hands went to my head and pushed me further down.  I knew what I was getting into.  The smell was sweet, musky, hot as my lips met hers and my tongue dragged lightly down the length of her cleft.

Ooooooohhhhhh!  Pammy, I am sooooo jealous.  Youve been getting all of this!

Pammy brushed hair away from Jills face.  You have to make him catch up, Jill.

My tongue was in her wetness now, lapping sweet feminine juices from her pussy.  My tongue was inside her as deep as I could get it.  Then I pulled back and ran my tongue up her cleft until it found her button.  Jills button had grown.  It was big.  And stiff.  A head the size of a pea was poking out from under her clit hood, and I easily wrapped my lips around it and sucked.

Unnnnnnnn.  Dan!  Like THAT! Jill was writhing under my mouth.  I rode with her, busily tonguing the little pea in my mouth.  Unnnnn.  Unnnn.  Unnnnn.  Oh, god! Unnnnnnnnnnn. Ennnnnnnnnn!

Juice just about gushed out of her when she came.  I was there.  I gathered it into my mouth and drank.

Jill came back to this world.  Thirteen years, Dan.  Pammy, its been thirteen years since anyone gave me one of those.

You havent had an orgasm in thirteen years?  I was incredulous.

No, I had em.  I gave em to myself.  But that is not the same as what you just did.  Not even close.  Was I okay?

You were delicious.  Just like always.

My turn, said Pammy.  I miss Jill too, you know.  Pammy took my place between Jills thighs.  Jill, you look so delicious, baby, Pammy chirped.  I watched that blonde head bury its face in Jills wet pussy.  Mmmmm, Jill!  Delicious!

Jill was all wiggly under Pammys mouth.  Pammys butt was in the air, one of my favorite things.  I scooted around behind her, my dick rock-hard.  I rubbed the pre-cum covered head up and down Pammys wet pussy lips, and then pushed inside.  Pammys head popped up.  Danny, she said, that feels good, babe, but why dont you give it to Jill if she wants it?  This is a Jill night.  I pulled out.  Didnt want to, but Pammy was right.

Come here, Danny, said Jill.  I wanna suck you.

I obliged, moving near her head.  She turned on her side and propped up on an elbow and pulled me into her mouth.  Jill had never been the artist that Pammy was, sucking my dick, but this time, there was real hunger along with the playfulness.  The pleasure continued for a minute as Pammy covered Jills pretty plump ass with kisses and bites.  Jill finally pulled my dick out of her mouth.

In me, Dan.  I want it in me.  I need it in me.

Pammy moved out of the way and Jill pushed me onto my back.  It was going to be a Jilly on top night, and that was a wonderful thing, as I remembered from thirteen years ago.  Pammy was holding my dick, smearing its charge of pre-cum over the head as Jilly straddled me.

I hope Im not too fat, Dan, she said.

I looked up at her titties swaying in front of me and pulled downward, my hands on her hips.  Yeah, thats why Im pulling you DOWN, little girl.

She giggled as Pammy dipped fingers into Jills wet pussy then smeared my dick and guided me into Jills hot, wet hole.

Ahhhhhhh.  Oh, Dan, sighed Jill.  Her ass bounced a couple of times moving me in and out of her in short strokes.  She took a breath then looked down at me.  You know, she said, last time you were there I didnt have titties.  She leaned forward to meet my hungry mouth with her swinging breasts.  I caught the left nipple in my mouth and sucked to hold it in play while my tongue danced on it.

Mmmmmmm.  I moaned with pleasures going in too many places.  I felt Pammy move around to where she could fondle both me and Jill.

Hows he feel, Jill? Pammy asked.

Nnnnnnnn. Nnnnn. Nnnn. Jill had started sliding her pussy up and down my shaft.  Oh.  I wanted this sooooo much, Pammy.  An its better than I ever remember.  Nnnnnn.  Nnnnn. nnnnn.   I released Jills nipple from my mouth and she arched her back, tilting her pussy so she had a better angle for her clit to ride my dick shaft.  And she kept stroking.  I was now working with her, sliding almost completely out, then plunging back in with each stroke.

Her titties were swinging deliciously, something that Pammys smaller, firmer titties hardly did.  It was mesmerizing.  I had a hand on each soft hip with a handful of soft Jill.  When Pammy and I did this, I held and felt Pammys pelvis.  Jilly was soft and pliant and pleasurable in an entirely different way.  In between strokes I looked into her face.  The green eyes, the freckles still there, wreathed with dark brown curls, this was a whole different thing than the perfection of my Pammy, but it was perfection none the less.

We fucked for some minutes and our stroking took on urgency as Jill neared her orgasm.  Nnn. Nnn.  Nnn.  Breathe.  Nnnn.  Nnnn. Nnnnn.  And her downward, forward thrusts were almost animal.  I knew she was close.  Come on, Dan, I need you to squirt in me.  I need US to come!

Pammy cued on this and did what she knew would push me over if I was near the edge.  Her fingers wrapped over my balls.

Ahhhhhhh, Jill!  Nnnngghhhhh!  Baby! the first jet shot into her pussy accompanied by pulses surging up my shaft as Jill made another downward stroke.

Nnnnnnnnnnnn.  Eeeennnnnnnnghhh. Ah!  Ah!  Dan!  Im coming.  And indeed she was, her vaginal walls a pulsating, sucking, squeezing grip on my dick.

I pushed upward in time with my spurts and pulses and Jills hips pushed her pussy in prefect time.

Wow, guys, said Pammy.  That was something!  Im a soppy mess and I wasnt the one fucking!

Jill rode her orgasm as it ended and she collapsed into my arms.  Pammy knew what was needed here and joined the hug.

Oh, Dan.  Pammy.  I needed you guys. She turned her head with tears streaming down her plump cheeks.  I needed you.  Both.

We all lay there for a few minutes and then Jill said, Now weve got a mess.

What mess, little girl? I asked.

Pammy piped up as her fingered explored where my softening dick had finally been released by Jills hungry pussy, The kind where my Danny pumps a gallon of sperm into Jilly, an Jilly answers him with a gallon of Jilly juice  Its running down.  Needs either a mouth or a towel.

Dont waste it on a towel, Pammy,Jill said.  I havent tasted us in years.

Okay, said Pammy.  You get Dan an I get you, okay?

No, I said, thats not fair.  Jill, turn around so I can get you and you can get me and Pammy get have some of yours too.

No, said Pammy, you already got to eat Jilly.  This is all mine.

I scooted up in the bed against some pillows, propping up so I could see all this.  Jill was between my legs, getting ready to suck my dick and Pammy was at an angle with her head underneath Jill, looking up at Jills pussy.  Jill rocked back and planted her dripping pussy in Pammys face.  The sharp breath she sucked in told me that Pammy had made contact.

I heard a muffled Mmmmmmm from the vicinity of Jills pussy.

Jill curled forward and sucked my soft dick in, bathing it with her tongue and milking and sucking the last few drops of come from it then letting it pop out of her mouth.  She rocked back to give Pammy another mouthful of pussy, the bent back forward to tongue-wash my balls and the base of my dick.  Her fingertips followed her tongue, and then moved downward following the juice that had slid from my balls down the crack of my ass.  Her finger traced the juice down to my butthole, swirled a little of our juices to lubricate it, then her finger slid deep inside me.  That soft dick thing?  It wasnt soft any more.

She giggled.  Pammy told me about that.  Interesting.

Jill sat back a bit and let Pammy finish lapping juices out of her pussy, then moved to release Pammy.  Pammy came up to me, face slick with Jills and my juice, and kissed me full on the mouth.  Pammy hadnt swallowed, at least not the last mouthful, so her open-mouthed kiss was a replay of me and Jills come.

Mmmmmm, I moaned into Pammys mouth.  You taste pretty good.

You and Jill taste pretty good, giggled Pammy.

Jills eyes had the old twinkle now.  I know.  Now, I need to remember how YOU taste, she said, looking at Pammy.

Pammy just laid back across the bed and spread her legs.  Jill crawled up her entire length, though, and planted a full kiss on Pammys lips.  Pammy responded with a muted moan and wrapped Jill in her arms.  I looked at MY two girls wrapped in embrace.  Damn!  Jill had developed one sweet plump ass!

I couldnt help myself.  I crawled toward her and covered her ass with kisses and nibbles and she and Pammy kept kissing.  My tongue started tracing up and down her ass crack and she hunched her back upward to present it to me at a more advantageous angle, an angle where I found the cheeks spread slightly and her little pink ring there waiting for my tongue.  I treated it to attention from the tip of my tongue and Pammy harvested the benefit as Jill kissed her more passionately.

Finally their kisses stopped and simultaneously Pammy slid up in bed and Jill slid down, stopping the suck and tug Pammys titties into her mouth, then to put her face above Pammys pussy.

You guys shave, she observed.  Thats neat.  I need to do that.

No you dont, I said.  Well do it for you.

Giggles came from both my girls and then Jill kissed Pammys pubic mound. As she stopped the kiss, her tongue remained in contact with Pammys mound, and then traced a little wet path to the beginning of Pammys delicious slit.  And it went inside.  I knew from years of experience exactly how a tongue affected Pammy when it touched her clit.  Mmmmmmmm. Ahhhhh! escaped from Pammys lips and her hips rose to meet Jills eager tongue.

Jills mouth closed wide over Pammys pussy lips and I heard an audible sucking sound.  Our little Pammy is juicy, she is, teased Jill.

Uhhhhh, Mmmmm. Oh, Jill, Pammy moaned, Im about three good licks from coming all over your face.

I knew that if Pammy was really on the edge of a big one, bringing her off could result in a squirt of come from her pussy.  I called it my reward for putting up with her periods.  I could see the little circular searching motions of Pammys hips and I knew my lover and sister was on the edge of a big one.   I moved up and caressed her face as Jills curly brown head dipped down.

Mmmmmm. I love Pammys pussy, she said.  Her head dipped down and bobbed.  I could picture that pink tongue working its way up my sisters slit as it opened wide from excitement.

Mmmm.  Mmmm.  Mmmm. Oh god! Pammys hands captured jills head and held it.  Right THERE! Oh!  Mmmmm.  Mmmmm. Mmmnnnghhhhhhhhh!  Ahhhhh.  God!  Ahhhhh.  Jill!  My lovely Jill!

Jills head pushed downward and I heard sucking noises from Pammys crotch.  Pammys fingers held Jills head down, then slowly released.

Wow, said Jill, You never did THAT before!

What.? Came Pammys voice, almost like in a dream.

That big squirt of juice.  You never did that before.  Not for me.

Dan taught me that.  Its how he pays me back for taking care of him while Im on my period.

Oh said Jill.  Hes awfully nice, then. Sarcasm.  I think he probably enjoys that too much, myself

Probably, said Pammy, returning to this world, but whats a girl to do when a guy wants to eat her pussy?

Specially when the guy is her brother, said Jill.  She turned to me.  I moved to kiss her.  I knew the flavor I expected to find when our open mouths met.  As I kissed Jill passionately, sharing Pammys juices, I felt a familiar hand slide under my ass and cup my balls.  When I moaned into Jills mouth, her own hand went down to my dick and she felt the motion of Pammys fingers.  She broke away from the kiss and slid straight down my body to engulf my dick in her mouth.  Her enthusiasm was betrayed by the slurping, sucking noises.

I laid back to give Jill my dick and Pammy sat up to see her friend hungrily sucking on me, brown curls bouncing.  I was almost transported to another dimension.

Jills head bobbed up, releasing my dick.  She looked at Pammy.  You fuck him, Pammy.

Naughty blue eyes twinkled and Pammy grinned.  I supposed I could, she said, throwing a leg over me.  Yep. She said as my dick entered her pussy.  Still fits.  She did few of her signature shove down and swirl hip moves, and then got off me.

Whyd you quit? I asked.

Thats not how I want to do it, she said.  I want YOU to fuck ME.  And she rolled over on her back with her legs spread, knees in the air.

Pammy was still hot. I knew my sister, and I knew that if shed just had an orgasm, she was still primed.  Shed just had one.  I entered her and her legs wrapped around me, her heels driving my thrusts.

mmm. Mmmm.  Oh, Dan, FUCK ME!  I complied, thrusting hard the way she sometimes demanded. Mmmm. Mmmmpphhh. Mmmmmppph.  My Pammy was getting close.  This was going to be my third today, though, so I wasnt quite there, and I knew that when Pammy came, I wanted to let her do with hers.  Then I felt fingers grab my balls.  Jill.

I felt fingertips rubbing my shaft as it pumped in and out of Pammys juicy pussy.  That was good, a Jilly trick.  Then was a surprise.  That juicy fingertip traced around my anus as my ass pumped up and down returned to the juices me and Pammy were pumping, then slicked up, it pushed into my butt.

Agghhhhh!.  Pammy!  Jill!  Oh, good!  Aggghhhhh!

And Jills little surprise pushed my dick to new depths in my sisters pussy and she went over the cliff.  Mmmmmm. Oh, god, Dan!  Oh god.  Mmmmmmpppphhhhh. Ahhhhh!  Yessssss!

And she caught my first spurt deep inside her.  And the second, and third each one helped along by Jills finger deep in my ass.

I fell over sideways, my dick leaving my sister with a wet plop.  Jill giggled.  Did that help?

I got Pammys pussy cleaned.  Jill got my dick.

We got the apartment shut down for the night and with a little room light providing us with deep shadows and with soft music playing on the radio, we all snuggled down together naked for the night, me in the middle, a sweet, warm, sexy female body on each side.  It wasnt long before I heard the soft sighs of Pammys breathing as she went to sleep.

Jill stirred beside me and said, Dan, its my first night in a new bed.  I need something to help me sleep.

What, I whispered, we dont have sleeping pills.

Thats okay, said Jill.  I think I can find a pacifier. Giggle.

And she slid down, her hair dragging along my chest and I felt her mouth close over my dick.  Giggle.  You know I love it when its soft.  I never get it when its soft. Sucking me and working over me with her tongue, she said, See!  Hard again.  Hmmm  Maybe I can make it soft.

My fingers wrapped in her curls as I savored her mouth on my dick.  Pammy stirred and her fingers met mine on the back of Jills head.

You guys she sighed, then kissed me