You don't even get a story with this part. You get a cast of characters. So there.

Billy Boyd - Poker player, some-time ranch hand, dangerous
Orlando Bloom - Young jackass, apprentice poker player, dangerous
Cate Blanchett - Madame, dangerous
Karl Urban - U.S. Marshal, dirty, exceedingly dangerous
Hugo Weaving - U.S. Marshal, semi-dirty, dangerous
Sean Bean - Sheriff of Yuma, clean-ish, dangerous
Dominic Monaghan - Piano player at Cate's, whore, semi-dangerous
Harry Sinclair - Land baron in Yuma, a man scorned, exceedingly dangerous
Ian McKellen - Poker magnate, wealthy, exceedingly dangerous
Elijah Wood - Scoundrel, Sinclair's boytoy (sorta), dangerous
Liv Tyler - Whore, madame in training, semi-dangerous

There are a few other names you'll recognize, but they're minor supporting characters, so I haven't listed them here.

You should know that this story was meant to be epic in scope. In many ways, it is epic. There is a lot of prose here. It was written out of chronological order because we started at where things were supposed to start unraveling, and then realized we needed more back story if we were going to make the unraveling make sense for the reader. In a lot of ways, reading it out of order, as written, makes the story more interesting. It also makes it harder to understand, however. In the interest of simplicity -- or as simple as it can be, at any rate -- I'm posting it in chronological order. There are things missing, however. Important bits that are usually small, but affect the story in such a way that some events don't make sense without them. Take them on faith, if you can. We, as writers, have been working on this story for at least 5 years. A couple of us are working on it still, but it becomes complicated when you're working with such a large cast, and suddenly only have two writers, both of whom have their own projects going, to juggle all of them. Technically, I guess this is still a work in progress, but I don't want to get your hopes up. There's a real chance that this won't ever get finished, which is sad, because the finish we are planning/had planned is a spectacular one.

This is one of only two incomplete works that I mourn over.

That said, I think it's worth your time, even unfinished, or I wouldn't bother putting it here.

Or maybe I would, because I love it, and I want it here in case I ever want to read it again, in case I want to fill in the missing pieces and write the spectacular ending, even if I have to do it all by myself.

At any rate, I think that's enough ramble. If you still want to read it, I hope you enjoy it.