Ally's Stories 
Written by Ally & Eddie

Ally's First Experiment
Ally said:
I found you because I'm a member of one of those CFNF type groups about being naked in public. I love the fantasy of being naked in public, its very fun to IMAGINE. I have had it happen to me before though once and it wasn't really my thing. When I was in 7th grade I had my clothes stolen from gym class while I was in the shower and I was forced to be naked for a little bit. But its not like I was in public, I just hid in the shower then stole some more clothes between classes.

Anyway, I can't imagine it being fun if I was alone or trapped, but maybe if I was with a good friend or was like, hot tubbing or something sure, I would get naked in public. I've been skinny dipping a couple times but just with my friends.

As for the fantasy, I love it. Being naked in public is such a turn on for me. It's something that I would be very afraid to do in real life, but in my imagination, its great.
I have thought about driving naked before, but ultimately my better judgement talks me out of it. I think my ultimate naked in public fantasy would have to be at a major theme park, where there are TONS of people and no quick way out. That would be like, mortifying but also very interesting in fantasy.
Ive never acted out games at a beach or something. I'm actually very tame in real life. But ya, I've never acted out on any of my fantasies ever. 
Eddie said:
Let me suggest something much easier for someone who is just starting out. You may already do this, I don't know. If you don't, you should give it a try. It is called 'going commando'. Basically, all it is is wearing a skirt with no panties. The idea is to walk around in public with this little secret. It will give you some feeling of exposure, since there is nothing between you and the air, down their, but you don't have to worry about being seen. It is probably the safest way to start for a very beginner. But don't underestimate the fun of it. If you have never done it before, it is fun to go to work, for instance, and talk to your coworkers, knowing that only air is between you and their eyes and that at a different angle, they would certainly get a real 'eye full'.
Ally said:
I will try that tomorrow. 
The next day, Ally said:
Hi Eddie,

I went to work today in my normal top and a simple, mid-length skirt, and no panties! Wow. It felt amazing! I must say I had a great time today. It was such a rush, from the time I walked in the door, to the very end. I was sitting so close to people who had no idea. One slipped angle on my chair or leaning over would have exposed me to everyone!

I really loved it. I was almost turned on today which was very thrilling.

I think I would like to be naked in public now, maybe not PUBLIC public, but I definitely want to try a little more. 
Eddie said:
Wow Ally,

That is so terrific!! Congratulations. You are officially on your way. You have a good start. Going commando has lots of possibilities which you have just begun to explore. You can start experimenting going lots of different places with nothing underneath. Go shopping, go driving, stroll in the park. You can have lots of fun thinking of different outfits. Some skirts are more risky than others. Pleated skirts can fly up from a gust of wind. You can experiment sitting different ways at different places. Sitting on the steps of the public library is a favorite among many flashers. Many men are "panty-peekers" anyway and are always trying to cop a look. Boy do they get an eye full when they come across a commando girl!!
Keep up the good work. Your description of your commando office experience was terrific. Let's have more of those kinds of reports
