Coffee is an odd affair made with a strange device of bowls and bubbling water that looks more like a science experiment than a beverage. Thankfully, Arbie serves it up in cups almost as big as buckets. It is strong and ashy with a lingering taste of something else, something waxy, cherries maybe, Sam thinks. There are black cherries in the pancakes, which are thick and as light as clouds. The syrup is not maple, but it is sweet and pleasant.

Dean is devouring them like he's never seen food and Arbie seems content to just keep piling his plate up high. There was freshly made granola still warm from the oven. The bread is homemade, not shop bought, but the spread's "I can't believe it's not butter" which almost completely ruins the image.

The cat is sitting on the edge of the table, licking his one paw, and then running it up over the eye patch. It's missing most of its teeth, and the one Darkling that decided it would be good eating got bitten, and damn near lost a hand. They have decided pretty much en masse that the cat is off the menu because of that experience.

The rabbits in the nearby field are another matter though. Sam doesn't think people will complain too much about that.

Sam is feeling full just from watching Dean as he shovels food into his mouth. First, two bowls of the granola, drizzled thick with honey, then four plates of pancakes before he sits back with a lusty sigh to drink his coffee, as sweet as he can stand, which is odd because Dean has always preferred his coffee black and without sweetener at all.

Sam's not sure if it's one of the changes from Hell, that perhaps Dean had always stomached black coffee because their Dad had with his Marine habits, Sam's great rebellion was preferring lattes whether he had started to actually like them or not. Perhaps after his years in the town Sam knows to be Hell he simply learned that he preferred his coffee sweet. Or it's one of those things he has learned from those months away, one of those changes that Sam doesn't want to think about his brother having made.

Dean is his, damn him – bitter coffee, too much pie and rare beef - that's what Dean will taste of when Sam kisses him. He will taste of the hunt, of Middle America, of gasoline and cheap truck stop diners.

This new Dean will taste sweet. Sam doesn't like that. He smells of smoke, instead of the wind across the Arizona plains.

Hell has changed Dean and Sam does not like it.

Sam was always the most important thing in Dean's life, but it looks like he is finally learning to think of himself. Sam considers whining but there are other gifts in Sam's arsenal. When Dean sleeps, he could slip a darkling down his throat, to consume the sugar for him. It would always be dark inside Dean's stomach so that would not be a problem.

"Dude," he snarks, "carry on eating all that sugar and not only will we have to peel you off the ceiling we'll need to get you bigger jeans, maybe with a stretchy waistband."

"Oh, it's not that bad," Arbie says, pouring them more coffee. "Last time you were here the only thing Dean and I agreed on was food, he's a growing boy, let him eat as much as he likes."

"He's thirty, and that metabolism of his won't hold out forever."

Dean grins through the pancakes he's half chewed. "Got a sweet tooth, Sammy, aint nothing. Always had a sweet tooth."

"It's a thing," Arbie says, drinking his own coffee, "after the accident his body craves sugar, it'll pass. It's only been a few months."

"You told him about the bus crash?" Sam accuses, because Dean sure as hell didn't tell him about it, told Bobby who'd kept it to himself, until he came back and Bobby dropped the ball and he told this strange white man, but tell his own brother, now why would he do that.

"Oh," Dean rolls his eyes, "there it is, bitchface number three."

Sam pulls a face because that's Dean's answer to most things, it's a great avoidance tactic, accuse Sam of being menstrual. "And it's old friend bitchface number one, go on Sammy, tell me why your hormones are up in arms this time?"

Sam just slams his coffee down on the table and pushes his chair back. "Okay, if that's all you're going to do," he says and goes to walk away, "you've changed, you know that."

"Change is good, Sammy," Dean says pulling over Sam's plate of food. "Might want to try it once in a while, might start with a haircut."

Sam walks away.

The cat finds him when he's sitting on the fence and debating whether he should drive into the local town and pick up a packet of cigarettes. He doesn't smoke often but sometimes he wants something to do with his hands, to suck in the fumes and hold them in his lungs until it prickles and then slowly release it through his nose. Everyone has the odd cigarette, now and again, and it suddenly appeals.

He's pissed and he knows it, Dean is playing the clown so that everyone likes him, it's not who he is, it's not even close, and Sam hates it. Dean is using Sam as a foil to show how much he likes Arbie, a thing he normally does for girls.

"I was hoping you'd popped out for a quick smoke," the cat says sitting on the ground before him, staring up at him with it's one evil eye. "I'd kill for a drag."

Sam laughs, "I considered it, but I don't have any." It doesn't surprise him that the cat can talk, or even that it sounds somewhat like James Mason with that old television gravitas, nothing much surprises him anymore, even the idea of a smoking talking cat.

"Send your minions," the cat says jumping up to perch beside him on the fence, "what's the point of having them if they can't pick things up for you."

Sam is pretty sure that this is his imagination, that this is something that the Darkness has manifested for him- a version of the three legged cat who can talk. "I've got beer, will that do?"

"Nah," the cat says and then licks it's paw, "terrible, filthy habit but I just don't want to quit."

Sam nods, "I'm more of an occasional smoker myself."

"Oh like I can manage twenty a day," the cat remarks snidely, "I miss it, yanno, the bulge of it at the back of your throat, that almost cough, and how truly vile the first drag of the day tastes, but how good the second one is."

"Big smoker? I mean before you became a cat." Sam is playing it cool, the world has gone mad so why not have a conversation with a cat, it's not like it's real anyway.

"I loved to smoke," his purring sounds like a playing card caught in the spokes of a wheel, "nothing better in the world than lying naked in bed on a hot day, scratching and smoking."

"This is where you ask me to break the spell right?"

"Couldn't if you tried, monkey," the cat tells him, its voice is brusque. It slightly rolls it's r's.

Part of Sam is expecting himself to freak out, but considering the horrors he has manifested through the Darkness this is nothing, just a talking cat. He's seen worse on children's television, and it has a point about the scratching - on a hot sultry day nothing truly feels as good as a self indulgent scratch. "So what were you, I mean before you were a cat?" He's expecting to hear some story of how a witch cursed him, how it's all very Sabrina the Teenage Witch and it'll be over and done with soon enough.

"Same thing I am now, Sammy-boy, a prince of Hell, one of the seven."

Sam pauses a moment, the cat doesn't look demonic. It's freaky, yes, with its peg leg and eye patch but not necessarily demonic. "So what happened to the leg?"

"Got run over," the cat says ruefully, "fucking pick up truck came out of nowhere." Then he gives the most wicked feline grin, one that promises a hell all of it's own, "but can't complain, got this now." He waves his peg leg about, and then puts it back on the fence to maintain his position. "Great for poking folks I don't like in the balls. And you get away with things as a cat that you don't as a person."

"Like what?"

"No one ever shouts at you, and when you do something they just go 'Damn cat' and deal with it," his laugh is raw and vicious, "if I could just get a smoke once in a while it would be the perfect life." Sam has never heard a cat sigh before, let alone a happy sigh, "lying in the sun all day, torturing folks just because I can and getting away with everything because you're just the damn cat."

"Does Arbie know you can talk?"

The smile this time shows sharp white predator teeth, "Course," he says, "part of the deal, he guards me and I guard him."

"So then he's a . . ." Sam leaves it open hoping that the cat will fill him in. If Arbie is a supernatural creature, it's entirely bypassed him.

"Yep," the cat replies. "Now are you coming with me to the mirror or not?"

The cat calls it the Mirror of Ardeth Bey, but Sam has been around enough to realise that he's been played. It's a star shaped mirror from the sixties on a stand. It looks about as ancient and magical as an Elvis bobble head. It's standing in the hay loft amongst many old abandoned pieces of furniture that are covered in old dust sheets and cat hairs.

Sam takes down the mirror and looks into it. Part of him expects the whole Harry Potter thing where the mirror shows his desires, but instead he only sees himself. "Reality is fluid," the cat says, getting himself comfortable on an old granny crochet blanket. "You see what you want to see, and the mirror will show you that, if you know how to look."

"It looks like the only thing it can show me is the Jungle Room in Memphis."

The cat's laugh is dark and dirty. "Then that's what it'll show you. Just look at it, Sam, and it will give you answers, and unlike most of us, it doesn't ask questions first."

So, Sam decides to believe the cat and he stares into the mirror. He sees Jessica behind him, adjusting her hair over her shoulders. Her blond hair is bled through with black and she has Daisy Ray in her arms. She smiles and winks at him as Daisy Ray licks her painted lips.

"Show me," he murmurs to himself, "show me what I want to know."

The mirror does not go misty or dark, it's suddenly different and he sees Dean, but it is not Dean, not quite. It's a sort-of-almost-Dean, not as tall, not as handsome, with eyes set in deep shadows. He is kneeling beside a throne made of the bones of some great monster, and upon it sits a woman with sparkling gold eyes. Sam recognises her, though she is wearing a different body, as the woman from the penthouse, the demon Belial. She is stroking Dean's head like he was her pet as she explains to someone about currency and price hitching.

Dean's eyes are cast down, staring at his bare thighs where he kneels, not looking up, not because he can't but because he doesn't want to. Sam knows that. "Dean," the woman says, "go to the rack, she's waiting." Dean unfolds himself but his eyes remain dead and dark, and he says nothing. "Today Alistair will be overseeing your education."

He nods, and it's a slow, deliberate gesture of defeat.

Sam closes his eyes, he doesn't want to see this. "That's not Hell," he tells the cat.

The cat opens it's one eye and looks up at him. "Hell's what you want it to be, kid, what do you see Hell as?"

"It's a town, there's fog and a lake, and a thing that lurks in the dark."

The cat's laugh is raucous. "Oh that's rich," he says, "of course, Sam," he enunciates the name, "oh, that's the best joke I've heard all day."

"Is it hell?" Sam asks.

"Yes." The cat answers through a feline smile, "and it's not, but you'll learn, people always do, Hell is what you want it to be, and that Hell, well, you could say it was made just for you." And then the cat closes its eye intent on ignoring him, purring to itself on its nest of blankets.

Sam turns back to the mirror but the only thing it wants to show him is his own reflection.