Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 21)

It didn't take Annie long to find the rings of dirt left behind by the various straps of Lucy's gardening tools.

When they first arrived, Lucy had truthfully told everyone that I had gotten dirty while helping her in the garden. But even though I was completely naked when they first met me, everyone had to assume I had been wearing clothes before that and had just taken them off for my bath. But now Annie knew the truth. The only way dirt could have accumulated in such a private spot was if I had been naked the whole time I helped my sister in the garden.

I'll never know what she thought about that humiliating discovery. But she was more than willing to help me get nice and clean before my wedding. She attacked each new ring she found with vigor, rubbing her fingers all the way around the contours of my fleshy shaft until it was just as shiny and clean as the rest.

Penny proved to be just as committed to her massaging duties as Annie was to cleaning. Soon, Persi grew jealous of her twin sister's special assignment and, not about to be left out, made her way over and insisted on taking over massaging my left leg.

As usual, the twins moved in perfect sync with each other, only in opposite directions. While Persi worked her way down my left thigh, Penny was coming up my right one. Their active hands covered every inch of my bare legs all the way down to the tops of my knees, front and back. And whenever one of them reached the top, she would without fail, dutifully give my full, hanging balls a nice helpful squeeze just as Mel had instructed.

But I simply ignored them. I just stood stoically with a blank, almost uninterested look on my face as if nothing was happening down below. In fact, I forgot they were even there. I just moved on and ignored their soft little hands running continually up and down my legs.

Ok, I'm lying! I didn't ignore them. How could I?! The twins moved like clockwork. Their unceasing genital stimulation never even slowed down. I could not stop them or even ask them for a pause so I could catch my breath. I could only brace every few seconds as another dainty hand reached up to cradle my balls whether I was ready for it or not. I hardly had time to recover in between. Their relentless hands were always moving.

I was simultaneously in heaven and hell. While I desperately needed the ball massage to dissipate a lot of the discomfort that had been slowly accumulating down there, having your balls fondled by two cute girls also happens to be extremely pleasurable. You should try it some time. But it also made my blue balls signal me every few seconds that they urgently needed to release their contents.

Caught up in the throes of ecstasy, I gave up all pretense of a calm demeanor. I was fighting to keep my dignity intact. I even started panting. Literally! I'm sure I looked like an idiot with my mouth hanging open, flexing my leg muscles, and curling my toes whenever another girl made it to my balls.

Penny-hoo-hoo-hoo. My chest quivered with short, halting breaths as I looked down in alarm to see her cute little hand cradling my shaved sack which was brimming with liquid seed. My tingling cock throbbed and jerked all on its own, dancing in the air until she finally let go of my precious jewels.

I had survived. I relaxed my leg muscles and forced my toes to uncurl in the precious few interim seconds...until...Persi-hoo-hoo-hoo. All the muscles in my leg flexed at once as I rose up on my suddenly re-curled toes. My straining cock felt like an overfilled balloon about to pop. I pleaded with my orgasmic dam to hold against the surge of arousal second…by agonizing...second.

Just when I felt my resolve slipping, Persi let go of my balls and I realized that by some miracle, I had survived.

I tried to look around the room for anything that might help me last a little longer, but my vision had gone blurry. I forced the muscles in my legs to relax yet again. After blinking a few times, my vision slowly returned, but it was like looking through a tunnel. Unfortunately, the only thing I could make out was a statuesque nineteen-year-old teenager, on the cusp of womanhood, showing off all the bountiful curves her creator had blessed her with. Her exposed nipples had somehow grown even more erect and plump, and her blush had spread to almost completely cover the pale expanse of her massive chest as she stared at my lewd, near-orgasmic struggle. Then...Penny-hoo-hoo-hoo. And just like that, I lost my sight again.

I have no clue how many times I fought back from the brink of cumming. I lost all sense of time and normalcy. I couldn't think clearly anymore. No world had even existed before my aching balls and those four, unrelenting hands. I didn't know what was real anymore. Like, it just was, and had always been, and always would be.

Annie was growing bolder in her interactions with me, Penny-hoo-hoo-hoo. She seemed to particularly like walking her fingers its entire length. I felt them moving upward from the base of my stalk. Looking down, I could just make the smiling, naked tween mouthing the numbers as she delightfully and carefully counted the many, many steps -Persi-hoo-hoo-hoo- her fingers had to take to reach my tip.

She also liked to just wrap her hand around the middle of my shaft. It was an innocent act, not intentionally sexual. I think she just enjoyed feeling my throbbing heartbeat through my cock. Of course, she had no idea she was playing with a loaded canon. She just couldn't get enough of her new plaything. None of the girls seemed to really know how dangerously close they -Penny-hoo-hoo-hoo- were to making a huge mess.

Annie dipped her hand back into the cold water. By now she had completely cleaned every inch of my cock. The whole appendage, coated in shiny oil, gleamed like the most pornographic -Persi-hoo-hoo-hoo- trophy imaginable. But still she kept playing. Maybe she felt the overwhelming heat radiating from my organ and thought I needed help cooling off.

But she was only driving me wilder every time her cold hand wrapped lovingly around the middle of my cock. If only the damn girl would -Penny-hoo-hoo-hoo- just decide to jack her petite hand up and down a little bit. That's all it would take. Either that or let go of me. But just feeling her cool palm pressed against the side of my throbbing organ - her dainty fingers delicately wrapped around my shaft but refusing to move even a little. It was too much for me to endure! Woah!

I felt another glob of pre-cum, bigger than any before, being released from somewhere deep inside me. Penny must have felt it too. She froze as she felt my balls have a contraction in her hand. With no way to stop it, I knew I would have to let the pre-cum make its way out even with Annie's hand wrapped around my shaft. Annie made a little surprised gasp as she felt my penis seize in her hand, somehow growing bigger and even more stiff for a moment. Then it adopted a different twitching cadence to push the pre-cum out.

To her great delight and astonishment, she felt the warm glob make its way up the inside of my shaft a little further with every twitch. When it reached the top, a brand-new trail of pre-cum appeared and immediately started rolling off the front of my slippery mushroom. That was her cue. Mel had warned her to keep an eye out for leaks. She immediately reached out and grabbed my cock just beneath the head and tilted it toward her to get a closer look and make a plan to clean up the new, shiny drool of moisture.

But before she could wipe it clean, a lightbulb went on in her brain as she noticed for the first time the little hole right at the tip of my penis. She leaned closer, staring in reverent awe and understanding just a little more how I delivered my seed during breeding. She felt another itch between her legs and reached down to comfort her restless pussy with her free hand while her other hand kept my cock bent towards her.

"Hey, it's my turn," complained Persi when she reached the top of my leg and found her sister still cradling my balls. Penny had gotten distracted by the contraction and had fallen out of sync. Persi didn't wait for her sister to share me. Instead, she just grabbed a free spot on my bulging sack that Penny's little hand hadn't been able to cover.

This was it; I knew it. With three eager hands fondling my equipment, I couldn't hold back any longer. I just had to stop struggling and sink into the depths of my ocean of arousal. Just as I was letting go, a light flashed in my peripheral vision - but it wasn't a flash of arousal. It was followed by a click and whirring sound.

Swimming back to the surface, I turned my head in slow motion and was greeted by Mel who had snuck back into the room. She was holding an instant camera that belonged to one of Lucy's friends. More alarmingly, she had it pointed straight at me. Of course, my first thought was to cover my nakedness before she took a picture of me. But as I watched the photo roll out the slot, I realized it was already too late. Mel had taken a picture of me completely naked and on the brink of cumming with three girls all holding my cock and balls in their hands.

"Smile," she said as a belated joke, "ok, girls, time to let go of Mikey. You've had your fun. Now it's Nessy's turn!"

