My roomie's streak through a crowded club
I have always been fascinated with public nudity and love reading stories about it, especially when it's involuntary. This is a true story that happened to me a few weeks ago which involves some initially voluntary public nudity but there was some definite embarrassment by the end.... 

My roommate, who I will just call Mae (her middle name), and I were at her girlfriend's bar last night. Mae is a VERY attractive lesbian and her girlfriend, Dana, is an equally hot red head who owns this cool downtown bar.... 

Mae has dark hair, she is about 5 feet, 10 inches, olive skin, sort of Native American or exotic looking, a TIGHT body... not an ounce of fat anywhere... Perfect breasts (which I know because she has flashed me numerous times over the years out and about and at our condo)... She's a little wild... Perfect ass.... You get the picture.... I've always had a little crush on her, but I know it will never go anywhere since she's gay.... And I'm cool with that... 

I spoke with Mae after the incident and got her side of the story so this is told from my perspective and hers. 

Mae said the whole thing started when she was teasing the lead singer of the heavy metal band that was playing after he took his shirt off. The guy is a friend of mine and he almost always takes his shirt off while performing. I guess it's a heavy metal thing. 

It was VERY hot in the room, especially with about 75 to 80 people all crowded around the stage and the tables and chairs going toward the back of the room. Mae was near the front and screaming for the singer to "take it all off" and eventually he gave in and stripped down to his boxer shorts. It was no big deal really and I'm sure he actually felt more comfortable in the heat. 

Mae and Dana then moved outside to cool off and that's when I joined them and Dana was ribbing Mae about how she always tries to get the male band members who play at the club to take their clothes off. Mae is also a musician in an all girl band (and an amazing one at that) and frequently plays at the club. 

Dana was giving her grief about why she never strips at any of her shows and why was she was so interested in seeing naked men since they're both gay, etc. Finally, Mae offered to run through the club in her underwear. When Dana continued teasing her about it, like "Yeah, right, I'm sure you'd really do that," Mae said she would run through the club, in her words, "BARE BUTT NAKED." 

Dana started egging her on and said she would have to run all the way around the club. There are archway doors at either end of the club separating the two rooms, so Mae would have to go through the first arch into the room where the stage and the people watching the band were and then go all the way to the back of that room, cross through the arch and then come back through the bar room on the other side where about 25 to 30 people were gathered around the bar and at the tables and booths. 

Mae: "At this point, I didn't think Dana would seriously let me do it and that she would try to talk me out of it if I kept up the bluff. She's usually kinda possessive so I couldn't imagine her wanting me to strip for all those people, especially all those other women. 
"So I stood up and started to undo my pants there on the sidewalk. I just knew Dana would stop me but instead she said, "Not out here. You'll get arrested. Go inside the doorway by the piano. 
"At that point, I was starting to get a little nervous. Dana had that evil gleam in her eye. But I knew I would never hear the end of it if I backed down then." 

Mae moved inside in a little alcove where she was basically shielded from the patrons in the bar and removed her blouse. She had on a lacy blue tank top that came to her mid-riff under that, but she opted to go for the pants next. That's when Dana relented a little and suggested she leave her shoes on and only strip to her underwear. 

Mae: "I was kinda relieved and just nodded in agreement but then you piped up and made some comment about me chickening out. I was sort of hoping Dana would insist on me keeping my shoes and knickers, but she just shrugged and then I was on the spot. I wasn't too worried about being barefoot although that's not the cleanest floor in the world so I went ahead and removed my shoes and socks to keep up the brave front. I was glad I had painted my toe nails that morning." 

Mae also noted she was aware of my minor foot fetish and that if her being barefoot made it more thrilling for me, then what are roomies for? Gotta love her. 

Mae: "Taking off my pants in a club with more than 100 people just a few feet away was the weirdest feeling. It's a good thing I was drunk or I think I would have chickened out right then. I wasn't wearing a bra so as soon as I removed my top I was standing there in nothing but my knickers. My stomach was doing flip-flops and I was seriously having second thoughts but I was kinda excited too and decided to just go for it. I remember looking at you and you grinning at me like an idiot and I just yanked my knickers down. 

"I wasn't even aware Dana had left and I started to head to the other room so I could get the whole thing over with when I heard her on the microphone announcing my streak and I almost panicked. I had hoped for a little element of surprise and even thought I might complete the whole run before people even knew what was happening. 

"As I darted through the arch, I saw Dana on the stage with the band, who were all leering at me, and then I just saw this massive sea of faces of the crowd covering the whole room. I headed toward Dana and jumped up on the stage thinking I might just jump up and down a few times and then run back to my clothes. 

"I remember the sensation of my boobs bouncing up and down and all those people cheering and applauding. One thing that helped was that I didn't recognize any of the faces. I was still thinking about darting back for my clothes when Dana grabbed my elbow and steered me toward the right side of the stage away from the doorway. 

"Then she gave me a swat on my butt and shoved me into the crowd as she said into the mike, "Get ready, everyone, she's coming all the way around!" I was kind of giddy at that point and just started moving forward. I was glad to see most of the people sort of moved aside to let me through. But I could also feel the heat rushing to my face and knew I was blushing! Plus I saw flashes going off around me and knew people were taking photos and just tried to block it from my mind. 

"Toward the back of the room, it started getting even more crowded as people were clambering around to get a better look at the crazy naked girl and I started to panic a little again. I'm sort of claustrophobic anyway and when you're getting pushed on all sides and you're stark naked, it's a little scary. I remember yelling, "Move!" at one point. 

"I also remember the feel of the gritty carpet under my bare feet which only made me feel more naked. And then someone slapped my ass. Not hard, but it startled me. Then at one point, I was sort of trapped near the back arch and these two heavy metal chicks really started spanking me and laughing like hyenas. It was really embarrassing and it hurt! I shoved my way through to the other side and that's when I almost lost it." 

I remember watching Mae come around the corner at the far end and immediately noticing how red-faced she was and that's when I saw her hand covering her crotch. I also noticed how she was sort of focusing her eyes at her feet as she daintily tried to maneuver through the chairs and tables and gawking bar patrons. I made a mental note to tell her later that her face was the same shade of red as her toenails! 

Mae: "As soon as I came around the corner, I began to recognize faces. Lots of faces. It was like everyone I knew in the world were all gathered there and suddenly it was that old nightmare. I was completely, totally, bare assed naked in front of EVERYBODY! This wasn't just flashing my boobs. That's when I covered my crotch and just tried to get through without making eye contact. I swear to God that was the longest 200 feet of my life." 

Mae finally made it to the front again, although she got about five more swats to her behind from her friends as she passed, and I quickly handed back her clothes. She first pulled on the lacy top and I remember her saying, "Shit!" under her breath. 

Mae: "I was thinking the top would cover me and had forgot it only came to my stomach. The hardest thing in the world was standing there with my bare butt facing all those people and having to pull my knickers on. It's more embarrassing than stripping, I think." 

I also noticed Mae let out a little hiss of pain when the knickers were pulled over her bottom. I guess the spanking she got made more of an impression than I thought. 

Mae: "I was trembling so hard I couldn't get my hands to work to put my pants on. I felt like it took me 10 minutes to finish getting dressed. (Actually it was more like 20 seconds, but I'm sure it seemed longer to her). 

THE AFTERMATH: Well, much to Mae's continued embarrassment, there were several photos taken which started making the e-mail rounds among our friends. None got posted on any web sites that I know of. One was a full frontal of her on the stage, plus various side, front and rear angles as she worked her way through the crowd. But my favorite was one where she had the tank top on, but was bare from the waist down because you could see her red face, her red bottom and her red toes. That was the one I had blown up and taped to her bathroom mirror. 

She's still mad at me...





