It had taken months to get everything just right, and bring Cybertron into orbit, then another month to establish the planet’s rotation, and get the ancient solar collectors limping along. New construction was underway, but what they had would do for now.

The humans had thrown fits. First over learning about the Autobot-Decepticon peace treaty. Why, Megatron couldn’t even begin to fathom. The little fools were no longer going to be attacked, and once Cybertron was stable, all mechs were leaving Earth. More ranting had come when they’d been informed that Cybertron was being brought into the solar system. Megatron had arched an optic ridge, given Prime a look, and then promptly left the diplomacy to him.

It had been worth the trouble though. After all the arguing and whining from all sides, they were back on Cybertron.

Megatron stood on his balcony overlooking Iacon. The sun was setting, its deep orange glow burnishing the mass of ruins and clutter. There were clear signs of construction in the areas near the central tower. Most of the returned Earth forces were here, and they had been cleaning up, but much of it was still a mess.

Megatron turned as he heard the door cycle open, and went inside.

“Are you sure about this?” Prime asked. “I understand the concept of showing a united front, but this could be overkill.”

Megatron chuckled. “I do nothing by halves.”

“No kidding,” Prime muttered.

“We don’t have to share quarters, Prime.” Megatron smirked as he stepped closer, and reached out, tracing his finger over the battlemask. “It just makes it more convenient.”

Prime’s face was already a pale pink as the mask retracted. “You’re back earlier than expected,” he said.

Megatron grinned at the deflection. “Shockwave is obedient. Unlike your Autobots.”

Prime stepped back, and walked over to the berth, rubbing his face as he lay down. “Tell me about it.”

“Aw… Did the Prime have a rough day ordering his troops around?”

“Shut up, Megatron.”

“Ah, but that doesn’t work anymore.”

Prime huffed a short laugh. “What will?”

Megatron leaned over Prime, and pressed their mouths together. The kiss deepened easily, and Megatron lay down, tugging a bit until Prime lay half sprawled across his chest.

Prime pulled back, optic ridge arching. “Submitting? I had expected our positions to be reversed this time.” He paused, a slight smirk curving his lips. “What do you want?”

Megatron chuckled. “Suspicious, aren’t you?” Prime raised an optic ridge. “Your spark,” Megatron smiled. Prime frowned, clearly hesitant, his blush returning, and Megatron laughed. “You’ve never merged sparks, have you?” At Prime’s offended glare, he laughed even harder. “Is that why you ran away that last night?” Megatron snicker helplessly. “I sent a virgin fleeing my presence! And I bet you don’t even know how much you dented my ego that night!”

Prime wasn’t nearly as amused. “I was raping you, Megatron! I justified it because you needed it, but I… couldn’t bring myself to force spark rape on you too. And you can laugh all you like, but I didn’t want my first experience with that to be unwilling.” Megatron was still grinning, and it widened as Prime sighed. “Yes, yes, I’m soft-sparked, pathet-“

Megatron pulled him down into a short kiss. “Oh, look it works on you too.”

“You really aren’t going to take this seriously, are you?”

“Believe me, Optimus, there is no one that can take it more seriously than me.” He slipped his fingers in between armor gaps, grinning up at Prime as he shuddered.

“Been a while,” Prime murmured.

“I think I can remember how,” Megatron said, tipping his head back so Prime would have better access to his neck. “And none of that holding back slag.”

“Yes, Megatron,” Prime replied deadpan, then bit down hard on a cable. Megatron growled, and set about finding all the spots he had discovered the last time they were together while Prime did the same to him, hands and mouth everywhere. Only it was so much better this time. He didn’t have to do this.

Megatron’s panel clicked as it unlocked and retracted.

Prime leaned up, cooling vents humming, mouth parted as he panted. “Are you sure?”

Megatron rocked his hips against Prime’s, and smiled. “Want it.” He bucked harder when Prime hesitated. Then again, when a slow, teasing smile curled Prime’s lips. Megatron growled, then moaned as Prime slid his fingers into his valve, stroking and teasing.

Another click was followed by Prime sinking his spike slowly into Megatron. “Primus,” he whispered.

“Wrong,” Megatron said, and gripped Prime’s head, pulling him into a hard, open-mouth kiss.

Prime trembled, and his hips thrust forward a few times in quick succession. “Mmm. Megatron,” he gasped.

“Much better,” Megatron murmured. He nipped and sucked at Prime’s neck, stroked the hidden wires and circuits his fingers touched, and met Prime thrust for thrust.

Quiet little moans escaped Prime in the same rhythm with which they moved together. Megatron retracted his chest plates, wrapping his arms and legs around Prime to keep him from pulling away. Prime hesitated for a moment, staring down into Megatron’s spark.

“Do it because you want to,” Megatron said. “I’ll know otherwise, and I will be most insulted.”

“I want to,” Prime said, voice almost a purr. He rolled his hips around a few times more, that teasing smile back, then retracted his chest plates as well.

Megatron grinned back, and pulled Prime down. Prime shouted as their sparks connected, the energy flashing lightning through their bodies. Megatron gasped at the influx of pleasure and emotions. Lust and aching desire washed through him. Under that, nervousness and guilt. He pushed deeper, searching, until he found what he was looking for. Buried by the rising overload, pushed back by passion, but still strong, was a sense of respect. Deeper, there was… awe.

Prime whimpered. “Not fair. How are you doing that?”

Megatron pulled back, containing his surprise at some of the things he could see and feel. He brought Prime along, and let him see that the respect was mutual. A worthy opponent.

A worthy partner.

Megatron held tight as Prime writhed above him, watching, feeling, as he lost control over conscious thought. Prime’s hips surged in time with their rapidly pulsing sparks. Nearly mindless, lost in the sensations, Prime bucked hard and cried out. Megatron let go, energy racing through him, carrying him along with Prime into blinding overload.

Megatron blinked up at the ceiling, and started chuckling as he checked his chrono. They’d knocked each other offline.

Very nice.

Prime moaned as Megatron rolled them to their sides. “Impressive,” Megatron said.

Prime huffed a weak laugh, and burrowed in against him. “You don’t usually understate things so badly.”

Megatron chuckled, stroking one hand down Prime’s side. His smile faded. “I never meant for the dock workers to be killed that day.” Prime stiffened. “Honestly. I came to recruit, and confiscate the energon, not kill.” Prime remained silent and rigid in his arms. “I do, however, believe I’m done regretting that.”

Prime glared at him. “You ended my life that day! How can you say you don’t regret it?”

“No, I ended a little dock worker’s life. One who would likely have died as nothing more than a foot soldier in his first real battle. Instead, Orion died, and Optimus Prime was born.”

Prime stared for a moment in silence. “So what you’re really saying is that you’re glad I ended up me, because now I’m here with you.” He paused. “That’s a rather romantic sentiment.”

Megatron snorted. “Nonsense. It’s practical. We will rebuild Cybertron, and I have a very enthusiastic and accommodating berth mate as well.” He stretched, and groaned. “Though perhaps I should regret Orion dying as a virgin. Terrible waste.”

He laughed as Prime rolled over, pressed his back to Megatron’s side, and muttered, “Shut up, Megatron.”

“I didn’t think to look, but who was your first spike?”

“Shut up, Megatron.”

“Nevermind, I’ll look next time.” Megatron rolled to his side, grinning and enjoying being able to tease Prime without the old animosity. “You recharge,” he whispered, draping an arm over Prime’s waist. “I’ll finish stealing the rest of your virginity later.”

“Can’t steal it if I willingly give it.”

“You could pretend. Struggle a little.”

“Kinky. Recharging now.”

Megatron chuckled and snuggled in, then rolled his optics at his own thoughts. Lord High Protectors don’t snuggle. In fact Prime’s shouldn’t either. He’d have to remember that for next time.