Naked Adventure 
© December 7, 1996 - Cindy Evans

PART ONE - 
1 - Weekend Plans
The July 4th weekend was fast approaching and I had made plans for Todd and I to go to my parents cabin in the woods in Pennsylvania. We had been seeing each other for a few years and though we had fallen on some hard times, I felt that the weekend away would do us good. We would not be disturbed as the cabin was 12 miles from the nearest town and the property that my parents owned was huge - a few hundred acres. I had been going there since I was a child and had never seen anyone come there unless they were invited.  I even checked with my parents and sister to make sure they were not planning on coming up. Everything was set. 
Since the holiday fell on a Friday, I had my car loaded with a suitcase and some necessities, including food. I was going to pick up Todd the next morning and we were to head out about 6 am. It was about a 2-3 hour trip and we should be there by 9 am with plenty of time to play the day away.  That night I was ready to get into bed early when the phone rang. It was Todd.
“Cindy, look... I’m sorry. I thought about us and the weekend and it just isn’t going to work”, he was fumbling through our break up. I couldn’t say anything and just listened, “I think that we should move on and start seeing other people. I guess we both saw this coming.”
I knew he was right in some way but that didn’t help me from being pissed about the weekend plans, “Ok, right. Thanks for not waiting until the last minute to tell me. Bye”, the phone slammed down.
Within a moment the phone rang again. I knew it was him and I was in no mood to play this game. I pulled the phone out of the jack and went to sleep.  The sleep came hard as I started to cry over the break up. Toddwas a great guy, but... 

2 -	The Trip
I awoke the next morning at 5 am. I had not turned my alarm clock off so it went off dutifully at 
its set time. I got up and wandered around for a bit when finally I decided, what the hell. I probably needed to get away now more than ever.  I hopped in the shower and went over the checklist in my head. Everything appeared in order.
I got dressed and grabbed the last few items. Just as I was walking out the door an dirty 
thought ran through my head. I grabbed the spare car keys and grabbed an envelope. I wrote the cabin address on it and dropped the trunk key in. I threw a stamp on it and left.  Once in the car I put the envelope on the seat and away I went. I detoured around the block to the post office and dropped it in the mail slot. The note on the mailbox showed that it was picked up at 8 am.  Perfect timing.  I would have it in PA by tomorrow afternoon. I continued on the trip.
It was an uneventful trip. Periodically, Todd would come into my head.  I thought about the many times we had great sex. One of the things I loved most was having sex outdoors.  At time I would even go streakingwhile Todd was the lookout.  Once I even went skinny-dipping in the town pool late at night. I loved being naked but never had the time. My thoughts continued to drift to many topics but it also kept coming back
to my one dirty thought of this morning. 

What if I had no clothes? What if I had to be naked all weekend? The cabin was safe. No one to see me. My excitement rose and my crotch got wetter. I tried to talk myself out of it but it kept coming back to “why not?” It’s a once in a lifetime adventure.

3 -	The Arrival
I arrived at the cabin and pulled in the long driveway. The driveway was a dirt road that left the main road. A lone mailbox stood guard at the entranceway and I stopped to check it’s contents. Nothing. Not that I expected to see anything. I continued down the road about a mile before I pulled up in front of the cabin. It looked beautiful. 
I stopped the car and got out. Before taking anything into the cabin,  I went in and checked it out. Everything appeared to be in order. I went back out and grabbed the bedding and food and began putting it away. The thoughts of the ride out here came flooding back. I had to make a decision. Should I do it? Should I be naked for the weekend?  The pros and cons danced through my head.
It wasn’t long before the food was put away and the bed was made with a couple of pillows and a few sheets. I walked onto the front porch and took a seat in the swing bench. The weather was warm (near 90) and I was starting to get hot. “Ok, I’ll do it!”, I thought. But just one more check around the area to make sure I’ll be safe. 
I walked around the back of the cabin and then followed the path down to the lake. Everything was how I remembered it. No unnatural sounds could be heard and I felt it was safe. I ran back to the cabin.

4 -	The Decision
I went to the back of the car and pulled the suitcase from the back seat.  The trunk was open and I dropped the suitcase into it. Next I threw the keys in as well. I looked around to make sure no one was watching, though I already knew the answer. I pulled my T-shirt off and dropped it into the trunk. Next came my bra, then my sneakers, socks, jeans and finally my knickers. I could feel my excitement rise in my stomach as I wrapped my hands on the trunk door above me. This was it, the final decision.
I counted loudly to three, one...two...three...SLAM! There, it was done.  The trunk was closed and I stood there naked, the sun beating down on my sweat soaked body. I tried the trunk to make sure it was locked. It didn’t move an inch. Locked tighter than a drum. I had no choice but to remain naked until the keys arrived tomorrow with the mail. 
I started to walk into the house thinking that it wouldn’t be too bad.  It was only a little more than 24 hours before I could chicken out and put my clothes back on. It was nearly 10 am and I was starving. I proceeded to the kitchen to make some breakfast.  I could hardly eat.  My forced predicament continued to pound my head. 
What if the letter gets lost? What if the key doesn’t work? What if someone finds me? What if there is an emergency? I quickly dismissed these negative thoughts and I tried to think of the lake. Its cool water caressing my naked body. It was too much to take. I cleaned the dishes and set out through the back door. Instinctively I locked the door behind me and headed down the path. My nude body absorbed the warming sun and the house disappeared beyond the tree line.

PART TWO - 
1 -	The Lake 
I walked down the path as I had done before only this time the rocks hurt my feet, as I had nothing on them. Despite the minor inconvenience, it was still worth it. I had fantasized about being naked outdoors for hours on end but just never had the opportunity to do it. The beach area came into full view and I hid behind a bush to look around just to make sure no one had stumbled upon the area. Of course they hadn’t so I walked to the water’s edge. I stuck my toe in and it felt cold.  My nipples perked up immediately and a chill ran up my spine. If I was going to try and walk in a little at a time I would never get in. I walked to the small dock and jumped off the end. 
The cold water hit me like a brick. My breasts felt the cold more than anything else but soon it warmed up. I swam around for a while when I noticed the large rock about 50 feet from shore. I remembered the rock from my childhood when all the kids would swim for it and play king of the hill to sit on top. I swam out to the rock and climbed on top. The sun felt good against my body and I laid back to catch some rays. The stress of the past day just melted away and I closed my eyes. 
I wasn’t sure how long I had been asleep, but I awoke with a jolt when I realized that I was naked. Of course I knew why I was that way but you know how you can be disoriented when you first wake up. I quickly looked around to check for any voyeurs but saw nothing. I was safe, just as I thought I would be when I started this adventure.
Looking around my eyes were drawn to the small boathouse. As kids, we had rafts and a small canoe kept in it. My parents could never get enough money together to get a real big boat, but that was OK with us. I dove off the rock and headed for the boathouse. I got to the door and saw that it had a padlock on it. I was just getting disappointed when I remembered that my father used to keep a key hidden above the door. I reach up, standing on my tiptoes looking for the key. At first, there was nothing, then I came across a small box. I opened it and sure enough, there was the key. I quickly opened the door and went in.
Cobwebs filled the small house. On the wall hung fully deflated rafts and some life jackets. 
Sitting in the center was the old canoe. I looked it over and decided to pull it out. Once on the beach I was able to give it a better examination. It appeared to be water safe. I looked to the sky and guessed that it must be early afternoon. Plenty of time for me to boat around.  I got the oar and headed out to deeper water.
I paddled out but it had been a long time since I had done this. I was only a little girl and had not developed my breasts yet. Not that I was that big but still my breasts still got in the way of rowing (they are 36C). I pressed on and found myself getting back into the flow of things. I paddled until I reached the opposite end of the lake. 
I guess it took me about an hour and a half to paddle to the end. My arms were tired and I decided to head for shore to rest a bit. I paddled towards the shore when the boat struck something. I heard a crack and felt water around my feet. Water was starting to come into the boat. I jumped out and pulled the boat to shore, some 50 feet. I turned the boat over and looked at the crack in the side. It was only at this point did I notice that the boat had started to rot and hitting the rock was enough to puncture it. 
“Shit, now what do I do?” I thought out loud. The boat did not matter. I could leave it here. It would take me a few hours to walk back to the house though. 

2 -	The long walk
I started walking but found that there was no trail to follow. I figured that if I followed the water’s edge I would eventually get back home. It was rough going and was taking a lot longer than I had thought. After a couple of hours it seemed I was only halfway back and the sun had started to set. Now I was getting scared. It was then that I realized that the lake forked towards the main road and it was extremely rocky between the water and the roadway.  I could chance climbing over the rocks but if I fell I could be in serious trouble. Broken ankle or leg, even worse, I could hit my head and die. I decided to take a chance by walking on the roadway. 
I got up to the guardrail and saw one car pass by at a high rate of speed. It was still twilight and I was concerned about being seen. I walked back into the brush and sat for a while. I decided to wait untilit was darker. 

It wasn’t too long before it was dark enough for me to chance it. I got up near the guardrail and looked both ways. Nothing but blackness. I thought that if a car was coming I would be able to see it’s headlights long before it got near me. I jumped the rail and ran down the shoulder. 
Little did I realize that the shoulder was full of rocks, glass and other not so nice things. I was forced out into one of the lanes of the roadway to be able to keep my speed up. 
I was just about 50 feet from where I could go back into the woods when I saw headlights coming at me. I panicked but was able to think clearly enough to run for the woods. I just made it in when the car drove past but I could tell it was slowing down. My heart was racing a mile a minute and went as fast as I could deeper into the woods. I could see the car back up to where I leapt over the rail. At this point, I was crouched down in some brush hoping they would not find me. 
A tall guy got out of the driver’s seat and had a huge flashlight. He shone it around the woods for about five minutes but apparently saw nothing. Another guy had joined him and I could hear them arguing about coming into the woods after “it.”  

“I swear it was a naked woman”, the second one said.
“You’ve got naked women on the brain. Why would there be a naked woman out here at this hour of the night?” the first one was incredulous.They eventually got back into their car and drove away. My fright had passed but I could feel how wet I had become. I was literally drooling down my legs. I thrived on adventure, on almost being caught. Damn Todd. Where the Hell are you now? I thought. I continued to walk back towards the cabin and eventually made it. I was exhausted and hungry. I couldn’t wait until I got back in the cabin. I went to the back door and grabbed the handle. LOCKED! Thoughts ran through my head. It was bad enough that I had locked my clothes in the car but I had not counted on being locked out of the cabin!  Where am I going to sleep? How am I going to eat? My heart sunk as I leaned against the door and stared at the full moon. I finally decided to sleep in the hammock that my father had left under the porch. It took some doing to get it up but it was worth the effort.  I fell asleep dreaming of a nice medium rare steak.

PART THREE-
I awoke from my sleep with the sound of a car door slamming shut. It was light out and the sun blinded me temporarily. I was not expecting anyone.  Maybe it was the guys from last night that saw me on the highway??
I darted into the woods and looked from behind some bushes. My pulse was going about 200 beats per minute, my flesh crawling with fear.  I could not see the car in the driveway behind mine and the person must have already gone to the front door. I waited holding my breath.Finally, I saw some movement. The figure walked around the side of the house and much to my surprise it was Todd. I was unsure what he was doing here but it didn’t much matter. He could get me into the car and get me my clothes.  Todd walked to the back door and looked in the windows.  I stepped from behind the bushes and approached him. 
“Hello stranger!” I said in my most seductive voice.
He turned and almost fell over when he saw my naked figure standing there. “Well, how is my little nymph doing?” he was trying to be sarcastic.
“I am fine. What are you doing here?” I inquired.
“I could not stop thinking of you. Now I see why I came out here. Do you come up here streaking often?” the smirk was noticeable on his face.
“Yes. Well, actually I locked myself out of the cabin. Can you help me?”
“How can I resist a naked damsel in distress?” he took me in his arms and gave me the most passionate kiss of our relationship. He got me into the cabin and we sat to talk. Obviously, I had to explain to him my predicament with the clothes locked in the car. He was immediately excited. We made love on the beach, the path and a few dozen other places. He then made me walk to the mailbox for the keys. Much to my horror, they were not there. I had forgotten that there was no mail on Friday and the keys would not arrive until Monday. Todd made the most of the situation.  He made me be his slave for the remainder of the weekend. On Monday, we both called in sick to work.  Next time we plan to do more exciting naked adventures elsewhere. Maybe even on a cruise to the Bahamas. 
END STORY—
