Ballet Studio
I was teaching gymnastics at a ballet studio when I was a senior in high school. After I finished teaching all the kids and their parents would leave and I cleaned up the studio. The studio was about 25 feet wide and 100 feet long. There was a small waiting room in the front of the studio facing the parking lot. The front room had a large window with a curtain on it that you could see through during the day, but when it was dark, you could see out from the inside, but could not see in from the outside, because it was so dark when I left at 6PM. I used to change in the front room with my stuff on a couch. One day, I heard the girl (I later found out was a college student) from the veteranarians office next door slam the door to the office I then saw her walk past the studio window and get in her car, that was parked directly in front of the window (the window reached to a foot above the ground). I realized if she turned on her car lights their brightness would probably light up the waiting area and she would be able to see me through the curtain. She would probably think I didn't think I could see her, since the curtain was there. I took off my shoes, and waited for her to turn on her lights. The studio was located in a corner of the parking lot that was not very busy with people, so I felt relatively safe. She started her car and turned on her lights. I began to take off my t-shirt. She began to back up a foot or two, but must have noticed me and stopped. I then took off my shorts and then athtletic supporter. She slowly drove forward again and waited. I was totally naked and organizing my stuff and turned and went to the other small changing room with a window that faced the front of the studio. I peaked out that window (it had a regular curtain which wasn't transparent, because it was a changing room), and peaked out the side. She was staring at the window with a focused look on her face. I was a little scared now and hid until she left. The next day we did the same thing again. This time she was smiling. The next day the lady who ran the studio asked me to get her change from the veteranarians office. I was a little scared, but excited. I walked next door and the girl greeted me with a "Hey, you're the guy that works next door aren't you? You're in really great shape!" I asked for the change and she asked me what grade I was in and she said "I go to ... In another year, maybe we can do something together." "That would be great," I said. She was obviously looking over my whole body, mentally undressing me. She then said "Do you usually lock up the ballet studio?" "Yes, Wednesday through Saturday night around 6PM." "Oh you're there on Saturday too?" "Yes, do you work on Saturday?" "No, I only work Monday through Friday." "I have to go. Have a great weekend." It was Friday and 4PM. I could not wait until 6PM. We did our regular thing, but this time I dressed and opened the door and locked it and walked out and "happen" to notice her car and walked up to her window. I said "Hey, how are you doing?" "Pretty good." "Do you always park here?" "I've been lucky, I've been able to get this place right up front since a few days ago and smiled." I began to get a little nervous, and said "Well, have a great weekend." "I may check in the office Saturday, if I do, I may say hello," she said. "Great!" The next day, I could not wait until 6PM. I was hoping she'd show up. I faintly saw a car through the curtains after my class ended. This time I went in the changing room (the light was off in it) and peaked to see if it was her. Her car was filled with at least five girls! I looked at my watch. It was 5:50PM and all of th girls were giggling and pointing. I decided to not clean the studio and lock up early. I turned on the light in the waiting area and went back to peak at the girls, they were all quiet now. I put my gym bag on the couch and strippe naked. I then went to peak again and the girls were going crazy! I delayed dressing an extra long time. Then I got nervous and started thining about a camcorder. Camcorders were new and expensive, but they were available. I closed the studio and walked up to the car. "Wow, you have a lot of friends in your car." They were obviously drunk, luckily no one had a camcorder. "Yes, we came to see you do some gymnastics, is it too late to "see" you?" They all laughed and I was a little nervous and said "Maybe you can watch me next week." One of the girls in the back, who I could not see said "Hey, ...I haven't seen you since I moved in the dorm. I think I'm going to have to visit my mom more often, you've grown up since I last saw you." I was shocked, it was a girl who lived across the street from me. "Yes, you should visit more often." I began to feel nervous, I was worried she tell everyone I knew. "I'll see you guys later." "But we want a show." I left and went home and had the best masturbation session of my life. I better end it for now.
