Ilona was in the garden when Katie found her that afternoon. She was pruning her roses, humming and singing at intervals. "Ah. Katie. Isn't it a lovely day today?"

It was perpetual spring wherever the Manor was, frozen in that moment the Flint brothers managed to shift it out of the flow of time. Katie smiled at her. "It is. Can I help?"

"Oh, dear me, yes. Seems like they get wilder and wilder every day. Have to prune it back, or we'd be caught inside like Briar Rose," Ilona chirped.

"Sleeping Beauty, you mean?" Katie asked.

"Well, she had a name."

"I don't think I heard that version growing up."

"Too bad. All of the old tales were darker and had more meaning. Too scary for children today. But they held more truth, I think. My departed husband liked to read the older tales to the boys. We still have the books about somewhere."

"He read fairy tales to the boys?" Katie asked, grinning.

"Oh, all children need stories, dear. I should show you where I keep the books. That way, you can read them to your children. I know Marcus will be just like his father."

Katie's blood ran cold. Marcus. And no prophylactic potion. She had been here for something like two to three months, closer to three. She couldn't even remember her last period, though it had always been erratic due to sports. What if...

If she was, so be it. Ilona would be thrilled. That lonely bassinet in that bedroom would finally be filled. And honestly, there were worse fates than becoming the mother to Marcus Flint's children. She could be dead or tortured or worse, and she did love Marcus anyway.

Ilona handed Katie a pair of shears. "Here you are. Let's trim this row back while the weather holds."

Katie smiled at Ilona. "All right. Show me what to do."
***
The DA coin told of danger and a fierce battle. She hadn't seen Marcus in two weeks and only knew he was alive by the fact that Ilona hadn't gone completely insane. She had a charmed bracelet, and the only live charm on it was linked to Marcus. When he died, the charm would stop glowing. So far, it continued to glow at a steady rhythm.

Katie had done quite a bit of gardening and reading and idle chatter with Ilona. It was enough to make her feel almost ill for sitting so still. With the coin, however, Katie knew she had to do something.

First things first. She had the house elves create a magical rainstorm to "water the roses," she had lied. They did this readily enough. Ilona was disappointed that the lovely weather hadn't held, but looked forward to the riot of flower that inevitably would follow.

"You know, I seem to have misplaced my wand," Katie told Ilona, heart pounding in her chest. She wondered if the woman could hear it and know she was plotting something Marcus wouldn't approve of. "Could I perhaps borrow yours? I can take care of the pruning for you with a few impervious charms."

Ilona brightened. "Such a wonderful idea, Katie. Of course you can borrow it."

Katie managed not to crow with delight at the feel of a wand in hand after nearly four months without one. "You rest up and take tea. I'll take care of everything."

Smiling absently, Ilona went off to wander through the Manor as she used to do.

Katie went to the same spot Marcus apparated from. She wasn't sure if the wards were keyed to the person apparating or the location. Hopefully it would recognize Ilona's wand and not splinch her.

She wound up apparating straight to the Great Hall. She looked around in wonder. She'd made it, all of her intact, and was outside Flint Manor.

She was also inside a battlefield.

Katie ducked behind debris and tried to figure out just where everyone was. She saw a flash of Weasley red and followed it, absurdly grateful that the twins were there. They were pranksters but took their magic seriously, and shone like a beacon in the sea of faces. Where they were, the DA couldn't be too far behind.

Katie used several of the new spells she had learned from the Flint library, putting in practical expertise for the first time. They went off perfectly, Death Eaters falling to the ground with every spell. At first she thought she might hit Marcus by accident, but he would no doubt bellow once he saw her. She was confident she would find him.

And at one point, she did see him. He had no mask on his face, and was pushing back some of the older students. Katie noted that he didn't use any Unforgivables or serious spells as some other Death Eaters were. In fact, if he was alone with one, he invariably attacked the Death Eater from behind. They would fall and not get back up.

At one point, Marcus didn't realize he wasn't quite alone. He felled one Death Eater, but another saw. That one advanced a bit closer, wand outstretched. "Av-"

"Marcus! Duck!" Katie shrieked.

He did exactly that, spinning around and catching that Death Eater in the face with a particularly nasty cutting spell. He glowered in Katie's direction but couldn't get to her easily. Considering he was still alive, she only grinned at him.

She lost track of him twice during the fighting and couldn't find him during the pause. There were heavy losses on both sides, painful losses that twisted and burned in Katie's gut. They looked up with glassy eyes and slack jaws out of ruined, bloody faces. She could look at them and feel the fear that Marcus held for her. She could be one of those lost souls. She could be the dead one for Marcus to grieve.

And then it was over.

Katie stopped the Order members when she saw them hauling an unresisting Marcus away from the Great Hall. "Oi! Don't take him! He was helping you during the battle!"

"I'm sorry, miss..."

"I'm Katie Bell," she told the man imperiously. "He saved me the entire time everyone thought I was dead."

"Katie..." he began in a warning tone.

"No, it's not fair! You kept me safe and you blasted those Death Eaters and you refused to hurt the students. It has to count for something!" Katie insisted, ignoring his glower.

"Katie, shut it," he growled at her. "How are you even here?"

She held up Ilona's wand. "Your Mum thinks I'm in the gardens pruning the roses."

"You lied to Mum?" he asked, incredulous.

"Well, yes. I needed a wand to apparate. But what's this? Not even fighting? Not telling them what happened? Do you mean to tell me, Marcus Flint, that you'd let yourself get tossed to Azkaban for the rest of eternity and not even tell me or your poor Mum?" she cried, her voice rising toward the end. The two Aurors escorting Marcus flinched as Katie did a good impression of a shrewish fishwife.

"If you had any sense at all," Marcus hissed, "you'd go right back where it's safe. These two are taking me in for questioning, and there are still plenty of other Death Eaters about that will happily kill you. And despite how I feel right this second, I still want you alive!"

Katie made a huffing sound and crossed her arms over her chest. "I suppose I'll just have to be brought along with you, then."

"Now, see here, Miss Bell. This is highly irregular. I must insist you stop," one of the Order members said firmly. "This man is being brought into the Ministry for questioning. You can be called upon later for evidence if you insist, but we really must be on our way."

"I'll go with him. I don't trust Marcus not to convince you to leave me out of it by making some grand sacrifice."

Marcus snorted. "That's a Gryffindor trait, Katie. I'm Slytherin. Completely different."

The Order member shook his head. "If you're going to be this difficult, then, you're both coming in for questioning."

It took the better part of a week, multiple pensieve viewings and the judicious use of vitaserum, but Marcus Flint was ultimately given probation and a hefty fine for his activities as a Death Eater. It was difficult to say if Katie's testimony swayed any opinion, but Marcus was secretly glad that she had been there to give it. The Order didn't seem inclined to believe him, even with vitaserum or the direct perusal of his memories. He had laid himself bare, and he knew he still disgusted them. It was easy for them to believe in their ideals with only the challenge of unjust laws and a Dark Lord. It was more difficult to face a family's annihilation otherwise, even if they didn't seem to want to believe it.

The Bells also stood up for him, once they met Katie. They confirmed he was the one advising them to hold Katie's memorial service, hinting it was the only way they could survive the regime. They were glad that he had been willing to save Katie, glad that he loved her enough to do the difficult thing to keep her safe.

It was tacit approval he almost choked to hear. How did he suddenly come across as some kind of a sentimental fool?

But Katie was coming home with him after the hearings, if only to return Ilona's wand and take care of the gardens as she promised. That had to be it. Now that he didn't have any hold on her, what reason did she have to stay?

Katie smiled at Marcus when he found her in the gardens beside his mother, pruning the roses. "Hullo, Marcus. Join us, will you? It's a lovely day today. Your Mum was just telling me about that time your dad put these roses in."

Ilona brightened at the sight of him and continued talking. Marcus came closer, taking in the dirt on Katie's dress where she knelt in the garden, the shears in her hand and the way she smiled at him as if he was the only thing she could see. "So you really do want to stay?" he murmured as he knelt beside her, Ilona chattering on beside them, oblivious.

"Of course, you big prat. What? Did you think I was going to leave you the first chance I got?"

Marcus' pained silence was answer enough.

"Oh, you idiot," Katie murmured, leaning in to kiss his cheek gently as she put down her shears. "Sometimes you are a complete idiot. Didn't I already tell you I loved you?"

"I also told you that you shouldn't."

"You told me not to do a lot of things. I should tell you, I'm stubborn. I'll do it anyway if I think I should. Like defending your case. Or staying with your Mum in the garden. Or telling you I love you. Or any of a thousand things like that. My parents like you," she added with a nod when Marcus was still silent. "So they're not opposed to a formal wedding."

"They aren't?" he echoed.

"Not at all. I think spring will be nice, don't you?" Katie grinned at his shocked expression. "The season's grown on me for some reason. Can't imagine why." She waved a rose in front of his face. "I think we could have plenty of flowers at the wedding. And the Manor would be a lovely place for it, don't you think? Lots of people here, lots for your Mum to plan..."

"You seem to have forgotten something, Katie," he murmured in a low tone.

She thought about it, brows furrowed. "I don't think I have."

Marcus' mouth quirked. "I haven't asked you yet."

"Formality, that. Your Mum's already planning on nursery colors."

Marcus froze. "Are you...?"

"No, amazingly enough," Katie said, shaking her head. She looked at him with an impish expression. "Care to change that?"

He couldn't help but laugh. She definitely wasn't responding the way he thought she might. He couldn't bring himself to care, though. She wanted to stay. She wanted him. Not because there were no other options, not because she couldn't leave, not because he wouldn't allow otherwise. She was staying because she wanted to, because she loved him, because she truly meant it. "As often as I can," he told her, leaning in for a hungry kiss on the mouth.

Katie leaned into it, responding instantly. She grinned at him when the kiss broke, mindful of his mother sitting beside them. "I'm holding you to that promise, you know."

He grinned, that odd feeling in his chest feeling something like the love he hadn't wanted to recognize. "That's good. I'd hate to think we weren't both serious about this."

"I can see you're taken care of," Ilona commented dryly, standing. "I'll let the two of you finish the roses if you care to. I for one feel parched. I'll talk with you both at dinner."

They looked at each other as Ilona retreated into the manor before breaking out into laughter. For the first time in years, Marcus felt secure in thinking of the future. And as he threaded his fingers through Katie's, he smiled. She would definitely keep him on his toes, but he knew he was going to enjoy every moment of it.

The End