Wrestling Under Duress
by TeenFan 

Chapter 1

Janice puts up a free throw shot, one of a hundred shots she's going to shoot. Regular basketball practice is over, and the other girls have headed
for the locker room. Janice, 17 years old, is the starting shooting guard.

Playing sports is her favorite thing about High School. Basketball and Tennis are what she lives for. Janice is one of the rare breed that pays little attention to the social networking. Other than for homework, she rarely touches the computer in her room. Janice wants a scholarship, and spending hours spreading rumors and videos online is not going to help her get one. So Janice is out there on the court, putting up shot after shot
to perfect her game.

At around free throw attempt number 80, the gym doors open and five girls wearing heavy gray sweats come in. The five girls begin jogging around
the basketball court. Janice knows who they are, but she doesn't socialize with them. Those girls are on the wrestling team.

Janice made it very clear, during a discussion of modern trends in sports, in social studies class, there are some sports undignified for girls to participate in. Mainly, girls should NOT wrestle. And most definitely, girls should not wrestle against boys. It's unnatural. Janice had gained a reputation for being "Highly Opinionated" and been given the nickname Jabberwocky Janice by the captain of the girl wrestlers.

The wrestling girls run their laps as Janice finishes up her free throw shooting. Having done a decent job of hitting 74 percent of her free throws, which is good but not great, Janice picks up the balls and puts them on the rolling ball holder, when Trisha, the wrestling captain comes over.

"Hey ahh, Janice," Trisha says, "I know we've not seen eye to eye on things. And we have said some mean things behind your back, but let's wipe
the slate clean, shall we?"

"I never said anything to be mean," says Janice, putting the last balls on the holder.

"I know. I know, so let's start over. You don't like wrestling, but have you ever thought about taking a self defense course? You know, to learn how
to fight off a mugger or a rapist."

Janice starts rolling the ball holder toward the equipment room, and Trisha tags along.

"I know some people who've taken classes like that." Janice says. "My aunt took a self-defense course. Before taking that class she wouldn't
go out at night by herself."

"Well, a lot of wrestling moves are good for self-defense, and you can learn them a lot faster than taking karate," and Trisha grabs Janice by the
arm. "Why don't you meet me and a couple other girls tonight. After everyone is gone and the school is locked up. I know a way to get in and out without being seen by the cameras. We'll meet up at the bleachers at the football field. Then sneak into the athletic building. I'll show you some moves you can learn quick. You're a good athlete. You'll catch on easily."

This is quite a proposal being made, and Janice considers the offer. She's never been friends with Trisha or any of the others on the wrestling
team, but here is a chance to make a friend...Janice decides to take the offer.

"I'll be there tonight. What time?"

"Be there at 7:30," Trisha say, and she slaps Janice on the back, then runs over to the other wrestling girls who are now walking around the court.

Trisha goes to the locker room, checks the shower room before going in to do a quick rinse off. The other girls will soon be done with wrestling practice and be storming in like a herd of buffalo, one big noisy group that wants to get wet after rolling around in the mud. Trisha avoids
the shower room when it's too crowded. For some reason there are girls who like to walk around the locker room, back and forth from their
lockers to the showers, without wrapping their towels around themselves. Trisha finds such displays to be disturbing. Why do some female
athletes want other girls to gaze upon their goodies, which should be kept mostly hidden? Girls from the wrestling team are notoriously unbashful.


Early that evening, at 7:30, Janice sits on the bottom bleacher at the football practice field. Trisha and Megan, another member of the wrestling team, show up right on schedule.

"Keep quiet and follow me," Trisha says.

Janice follows Trisha and Megan toward the athletic building. At the side of the building, which has many large bushes growing near the walls, Janice is led to a small door which she had never noticed before, being mostly hidden by the shrubbery.

"Nobody uses this door anymore. It's kinda been forgotten about," Megan tells Janice.

The door opens easily upon pulling on the handle. The door latch has been duct taped to prevent it from locking. The three girls go into the
athletic building. After walking up a flight of stairs, the girls come to the part of the building set aside for the wrestling team. Janice and her new friends enter a large room with two thick wrestling mats. Janice can see the mats but not much else, as the overhead lights are not on.

"Megan, will you turn on the lights?" says Trisha.

Megan walks off to the flip the light switch, and Trisha leads Janice to the center of a wrestling mat. The lights turn on and it gets bright in the room. It takes a few seconds for Janice's eyes to adjust, and then she sees something unexpected. Megan is coming toward her and Trisha, but not alone. All the members of the girls wrestling team have stepped out of the shadows and are coming over to the mat. They each are wearing
shorts and tight t-shirts, the clothes they normally practice in.

Janice feels something isn't right. The girls coming toward her are smiling, but it's the wrong kind of smiling. Janice looks around. Which way is
the way out?...Must look for the exit. Before Janice can get her bearings, Trisha grabs Janice by the wrist and holds her, as the rest of the team approaches and surrounds them. Once the members of the wrestling team have Janice encircled, Trisha lets go of the wrist. The Basketball girl in
Wrestling territory isn't going anywhere. She certainly can't fight her way past five girls.

"Now Janice, Jabberwocky Janice," Trisha says, her kind eyes and smile replaced by something menacing. "You say wrestling isn't a sport for girls. You are going to wish you knew a move or two. It would save you a lot of embarrassment."

Janice knows she's in trouble now, and she has no idea what that trouble is going to be. She doesn't want to know.

"What are you going to do to me? I warn you. Don't touch me," Janice tries to warn them, tries to sound stern and strong.

"We're not going to touch you. Somebody else is. Bring out the prisoner," Trisha says, and one of the girls, the stocky red headed one called Amber,
leaves the circle and runs for a nearby door.

Amber goes through the door and returns shortly, dragging a teenage boy into the room. The boy has his hands tied behind his back and he is blindfolded. The boy is brought toward the circle. The circle expands to allow room for the boy to be brought in to stand trembling in front
of Trisha and Janice.

"What is this? Who is this boy?" Janice asks.
"What are you doing to me? Where am I?" the boy asks.

"Take off his blindfold and untie his hands," Trisha orders, and the boy's hands are set free and the blindfold yanked off by Amber.

The boy is somewhat tall and slender, young looking. He looks scared, and for good reason. The boy's eyes dart from one girl to another. He
doesn't appear to recognize any of the girls who surround him. Janice does not recognize him, but then the boy appears to be a couple years
younger, and Trisha never pays much attention to the Freshman and Sophomore boys.

"What is this all about?" Trisha asks, and gets a chorus of giggles and snickers in reply.

"I'll tell you why you are here," Trisha says, and the other girls get quiet, eagerly anticipating the team captain's big announcement. "You said it is undignified for girls to be on the wrestling team. You said it's not right for a girl to wrestle against boys. You, miss high n mighty, will prove girls
can indeed beat boys in wrestling, even when that girl doesn't know shit about wrestling. You are going to wrestle this boy here in a no holds
barred exhibition."

The still unnamed boy looks around the group, looking stunned by the announcement. He appears to Janice like he might need to run to the bathroom to throw up, which is something Janice is feeling at the moment, an awful churning in the stomach.

"What...wrestle?...wrestle a girl?" the boy asks.

"Not only will you wrestle this girl over here," Trisha says, pointing toward Janice. "This will be a strip match. First one fully stripped is the loser, and the loser we're going to throw outside and make em go home naked."


Chapter 2.

Janice, lured into the lair of the wrestling team, will have to take on a boy.

Janice would kick herself for getting into this situation, if kicking oneself on the ass was possible. Such a kick would be deserving for being
suckered into this. Why was she so trusting when the captain of the girl's wrestlers claimed to be wanting to make up and show her some nifty moves in self-defense?

But there's no time for self-analysis. There's also no way to escape. Janice is trapped and she knows it. There are five girls from the wrestling
team surrounding her, and it's not likely she could take on any one of them. Janice is herself a good athlete, a basketball star in the making, but
she's stands at five foot eight. This makes her taller than the average girl, but often she is the shortest girl on the court during a basketball game where the big girls are around six foot two. The girls who do wrestling are not taller than her, but they are probably stronger.

"This will be a strip match. The first one fully stripped is the loser..." Trisha, the girl's captain said.

This is a nightmare. Can't these narcissistic egomaniacal bitches just slap her around a little and be done with it? Forcing her to wrestle this boy standing in front of her is worse than a regular WWE smackdown. Janice doesn't know the boy she is to fight against. The boy looks just as scared
as she is, maybe more. After all, he was just brought out here tied up and blindfolded. He has no idea what is going on, why he was held captive,
or why these five girls are forcing him to take on a girl in a strip wrestling match.

Doing her best to keep her composure, Janice sizes up her unwanted competition. The boy she must face looked taller from a distance because
he's so lanky with broad shoulders. He looks like a boy that suddenly grew six inches in a short span of time, the bones of his shoulders looking
wide and prominent, the rest of the body trying to catch up with the hips still very slender. Janice thinks she is actually an inch taller than the
boy.

"What's your name and how old are you?" Janice asks. "My name is Janice. None of this is my idea."

The boy stands silently for a few moments, probably debating whether or not it's a good idea to speak at all. The temperature of around seventy-four degrees inside the gym is not cool enough to stop the beads of sweat coming down the boy's forehead and forming darker patches on his
long sleeve button up shirt.

"I uh...I'm Stanley. I was named after Stanley Kubrick, the movie maker. Shit, you don't want to know about that...I'm fifteen years old."

"Yes, Stanley is the name. He's not very manly, but he'll do for this exercise," Trisha says, and she shoves Stanley closer to the center of the mat.
"Janice is going to be your partner tonight. You two are going to get to know each other very, ummm...close and personal."

The wrestling mat has a large circle, the diameter being 9 meters, with a center circle that is 1 meter in diameter. Janice and Stanley are shoved
over to the central circle. Trisha stands next to Janice, as Megan and the other three girls stand just outside the outer ring.

"Now, for the main event for tonight," Megan starts off an announcement. "We have Janice, weighing in at...How much do you weigh, Janice?"

"I weight 112 pounds."

"And in this corner we have Stanley, weighing in at 98 pounds. For both of them this will be their first professional fight. To repeat what type of match this is. This is a strip match. Loser leaves the building naked."

"No, don't do this. I beg you, please," Janice pleads.

Stanley seems to be in shock. He just looks around and doesn't say anything. The girls on the perimeter are cackling with glee. They can't wait
for the show to begin. The blood lust is in their eyes.

"It's not fair I should wrestle a boy," Janice says, her final attempt to put an end to this madness.

"It's very fair," Trisha replies. "You wouldn't have a chance wrestling against one of these girls, so we picked out a boy that's younger than you are
and smaller. If you lose, you only have yourself to blame. Now take off your shoes and socks, both of you. We're not going to mess around with
piddly stuff like that, no wasting our time. After that, whatever you guys have on is what you start with. Whoever starts the match with the most clothes on has an advantage. If Janice has a bra on, that's a piece of clothing in her favor since Stanley doesn't appear to be wearing a
bra...or is he?"

The girls surrounding them hoot and holler, some whistling loudly. "Stanley the girlie man. Do you have a training bra under your shirt?" a girl, maybe Amber shouts out the insult, or it could be one of the two girls that Janice still doesn't know the names of.

Trisha continues, "If Stanley is wearing a t-shirt under that button up shirt, that can give him an advantage. If anyone is going commando...haha, and not wearing underwear you are at a big disadvantage."

As Janice takes off her shoes and socks, she makes an inventory of the other things she has on. Underwear and bra, that's two things. Jeans and a
shirt, and a pullover sweater, that makes five articles of clothing she has on. Amber steps forward to gather the shoes and socks of both
contestants. Janice looks at Stanley, calculating what he most likely has on. Jeans and underwear, that's two items, along with a button up
shirt, long sleeve. Janice can't tell if he has a t-shirt or tank-top on underneath that. It's possible that she has a five to three clothing advantage
going into this strip match if Stanley has no undershirt on.

"Wrestlers, take your positions," says Megan, taking a whistle on a braided rope out from under her t-shirt. Megan blows on the whistle, signaling
the match is on.
