In the Cargo Hold
by Trinity
Copyright 1999

It had been a cool night at sea, and my watch had just been stood down by the second mate at the change of the watch.  I went below decks and took off my warm clothes, leaving just the blue cotton jumper-shorts that I had been sleeping in before watch.  I climbed onto my bunk and began to fall asleep. Just as I was drifting off I felt your hand unbuttoning my top, sliding in, cupping my right breast, your fingers brushing my nipple.  I woke, moist and pleased to see you again, pleased to be touched again.  It had been weeks since we had left Bali on our everlasting sail westward, and we had not had any time together.  You motioned for me to come with you.  I followed you up on deck and then down into the Cargo Hold.  It was pitch black in the hold, but we both knew our way around.  As I climbed up on some of our spare sails I felt your hand climbing my leg, slipping under my loose shorts coming to a stop on my ass.  I knew you were hot for me, as I was for you.  I could feel the moisture of my desire as it leaked from me, wetting the space where my legs meet.  You push my shoulders, while encircling my waist with your other arm, I bend at the waist. Pulling my loose shorts to the side your hardness enters me with a hunger that surprised me.  My whole body begins to quiver.  Your right hand slides down over my breast outside my clothes, unbuttoning a couple buttons, sliding inside, cupping my breast again, tweaking my nipple ever so lightly until it responds, coming to life.  You pull my jumper off my shoulders exposing my breasts.  You pinch my left nipple, I almost scream out, but I know that the entire ship will wake and come to see...  I bite my lip...  It feels so good.  You release my breasts, and grab firmly to my hips and begin sliding into me with force.  My breasts begin to swing to the rhythm that you set, my nipples brushing against the canvas of the sails.  You are moving faster now, reaming me with a will that can not be deterred.  I cringe, it hurts, I whimper, but you don't slow down.  You know I am enjoying every inch of you, that I want to be taken by you, that you alone can take me where I need to go.  The pain is quickly overcome by a building desire to be filled completely.  You reach down and squeeze my nipples again, sending quivers through my breasts and into my body where they are enveloped by those originating from my loins.  I am reaching my climax, and you know it as well as I know that you are about come too.  I clutch at the canvas with my bare fingers, digging in with what little bit of fingernail I have left.  You grab my breasts, squeeze my nipples and hold them as you give one more deep powerful thrust, ramming through my cervix and sending me over the top.  My entire body tenses from the pain, the burning of my nipples and the fire at the opening of my womb.  The fire spreads through every thread of my existence, into every muscle fiber and right out through the top of my head.   Every nerve in my body is tweaked.  I feel you spill your load, the length of you pulsating through me and blasting against the wall of my womb...  I peak again, this time rising onto a plane above any other...  I begin to shudder and I stop hearing the creaking of the ship, all sounds cease but the sound of my blood rushing past my ears and into my head.  You slide out of me, and place your hand on my bare shoulders.  Asking me if I am OK.  I nod my head.  A shout on deck, "Stand by to take the Fore Upper Tops'l"  Your watch is being called to action.  You kiss me long and hard on the lips, and race above to take sail, leaving my helpless quivering body below.