Harry haunted the corridors outside Severus’ rooms much as he had haunted the rooms themselves. Day after day, at any hour, the students and staff of Hogwarts would see the famous Harry Potter walking listlessly to and fro, or sitting against the walls with his knees up and his head down. After a few well-meaning souls had enquired as to his health and he had to hold himself back from throwing spells, he decided to change his plan. Hours of fruitlessly banging on Severus’ doors had not gotten him anywhere.

He could feel that the wards on Severus’ doors had changed, and instinctively knew he could pass through them, but refused to betray the man’s trust again. He had tried pushing notes under the door but the papers had quickly incinerated. He had sent Hedwig to deliver the notes straight to his quarters, but she had returned with the notes still attached and a ruffled look to her feathers. He had pleaded with the other professors to act as intermediaries but they had sadly told him that they too had no access to Professor Snape.

After days of rejection and failure, he had gone searching for the Potions Master in his classes, but at the sight of a casual teacher taking his place, had rushed to Headmistress McGonagall’s office. She affected to have no idea of what was going on, but tried to calm him down. No, Professor Snape was not teaching right now. Yes, she was in constant communication with him, he had requested and been given personal leave. No, Harry could not see him, he didn’t wish to see anyone. Yes, of course he was still alive, what a foolish thing to ask. No, she would not pass on messages for him. He must wait patiently if he wished to see Snape.

Harry wanted to kick his chair over in frustration but held back. Minerva’s eyes looked up sorrowfully at him, he was a complete wreck. His eating habits were sporadic, his sleep almost non-existent, he snapped at anyone who spoke to him. He was not the pleasant young man she had once known. Not even in the dark days of Voldemort had she seen him suffer so. Minerva did not want to pry but had tried to get Harry to talk. She had a fair idea of what was going on – no one who had seen the two men speaking to each other could doubt there were feelings between them, but were the feelings mutual? Obviously, they had had a major falling out, and for Severus to not go to his classes; Minerva knew it must have been something monumental.

Harry left her office no better off than when he’d gone in. In his heart, he felt that he had lost all hope but refused to give in. His stubbornness once again overrode his intellect. Fine. If the man refused to speak to him one on one and wouldn’t receive his notes, he would find another way to communicate. The man had to eat, didn’t he?

Harry decided to enlist the help of Dobby. After many hours of stopping and starting, he had finally finished his longest letter.

Dear Severus,

Please, don’t throw this away without reading it. I know what I did was unforgivable but I want to explain why I did it. The night I came back to Hogwarts, you were the only thing on my mind and I didn’t know why. Yes, it was wrong of me to sneak into your rooms but I meant no harm in it. I thought you’d be mock-annoyed than we’d have a drink and a conversation before I left. I had no intention of pretending to be anything but myself, but when you started speaking to me in that way, my curiosity was peaked. Yes, I know I should have told you of your mistake straight away, but I felt happy that you trusted me enough to speak to me that way, even if you thought I wasn’t real. The fact is, you thought of me when you needed comfort, and I was glad to give it to you.

And the next time, I just wanted to see you in your natural surroundings. I wanted to see if the man I’d listened to the night before still felt the same in the harshness of the day. And you did trust me, you still spoke to me even if you didn’t want to. And it made me happy again. I know I’m repeating myself but you don’t understand what its been like to be me lately. I’m not going to waste your time complaining, but I’m telling you the truth when I say that precious little has meant anything to me like being in your presence has.

I started to think differently of you then. I started to see you as a man – a real man, not the one I’d been imagining as I’d been growing up. And I’m sorry to say this, even if you don’t believe me and even if it hurts you, I fell in love with you. You said that night that I don’t know the real you but you’re wrong. I’ve seen you at your worst Severus Snape – the snide comments you throw at your students, the hateful things you used to say to me when I was growing up (and I understand now why you did that, so please don’t be angry that I mentioned it). I’ve seen you bitter and twisted with hate and loathing, and so caught up on revenge it made me want to throttle you. You’re finicky, obsessive-compulsive and uptight. You’re like a dog that’s been beaten all its life – you snarl and bark at everyone so you won’t be hurt again. And I wouldn’t change a thing about you.

I’ve seen you at your most vulnerable, and you let me give you comfort. Even if you didn’t know it was me, I’m grateful. I’ve listened to your most private thoughts as you opened up to me. I’ve seen how you work with humility and devotion in everything you do. I’ve watched your face soften in quiet contemplation and I am stunned at how beautiful you are, how beautiful you have always been, and I kick myself for not seeing it before.

So I love you Severus. Over the years I’ve seen your worst, and over the last week I’ve come to realise your best. I know you don’t understand why I would love someone like you, and I don’t know if I can explain it here. The stupid thing is I’ve never had a boyfriend, or even a proper girlfriend. Every time I’ve tried to get emotionally involved with someone it never worked out. Idiot that I am (and I know you agree with me), I didn’t even realise the feelings I had meant that I could love a man like this. So I guess I’m gay. But it’s not even that. There’s no one else that makes me feel like you do – all frazzled and furious and horny and teary and worthy and safe and loved. Because no matter what you say, I think you do love me Severus. If it had just been lust, you could have gotten me out of your system a long time ago. You may have been thinking about me for a longer time, but that doesn’t mean my feelings are any less important.

I want you to forgive me Severus – not for myself, because no matter what happens, I’ll never forget or forgive myself over what I’ve done to you. I want to make it up to you, I want to prove to you that you deserve love, that you have nothing to be sorry for. That everything you’ve even done in your life was for something good.

I’m starting to ramble now and I know that must infuriate you. But everything I’ve said in this letter is true. I just wish I could say it to your face.

I’m not leaving Severus, I’m going to give you time to think this over. But if you really don’t want me, if you really don’t believe what I’ve said, then I will go. Not because I want to, I’m going to carry you with me in my heart for the rest of my life, no matter where I am. I’ll go so you can get your life back together.

Come out of your rooms Severus. You won’t believe me but you are missed. The students celebrated at first but now they miss having you teach them. Your colleagues are worried about you, they respect you too much to invade your privacy but I can see how fearful they’re getting. You have too much to give to this world to hide yourself away because of the actions of one stupid boy. Hate me if you want; hurt me, hex me, god knows I deserve it. But don’t let your life waste away because of my foolishness.

Please come out. I miss you. I love you.

Harry

Harry folded the letter up tightly and gave it to Dobby, who had watched patiently as Harry read the missive one more time.

“Will you please put this on Professor Snape’s tray the next time you take food to him?”

“Yes Mister Harry sir,” Dobby replied quietly. He hated seeing his wonderful saviour like this, but didn’t know how to make things better. “Is there anythings else I can do for you?”

Harry shook his head desolately. “No thank you Dobby, I’m…I’m alright. Just make sure he gets it, and will you tell me when you deliver it to him?”

“Of course Mister Harry.” Dobby placed a tentative hand on Harry’s arm, stroking it softly. “You is sad.”

Tears welled in Harry’s tired eyes. “Yes,” he replied shortly.

“I’s sorry.”

*****

Harry spent the rest of the day walking the grounds of Hogwarts, his mind full as his feet trod on and on, never taking a certain direction. He hoped that this last plan would work, he was out of ideas. But he meant what he’d said, even if it broke his heart, he would leave Hogwarts and never return if that was what Severus wanted. Even though he wasn’t entirely friendless, he would wander the world, heart heavy, never knowing his place. If that was to be his penance, he would gladly take it. He now understood the dark pleasure in repentance that Severus had suffered most of his life; Harry wanted to wallow in misery and feast on his heartache. He had done this. He had ruined the one thing that meant anything in his life anymore; thus, he deserved to suffer. And he would suffer, he meant to make sure of it.

Night fell cold and crisp. Dobby had arrived shortly after Harry had returned to his quarters with dinner and the message that he’d delivered the letter to Professor Snape that afternoon. Dobby said he had made a point of drawing it to the professor’s attention before quickly leaving. Harry was relieved to know that it was at least in his possession, and that he had done all he could.

After Harry had stared disinterestedly at the tray of food Dobby had left him, he had felt suffocated in his quarters and trekked up the internal staircase to the private balcony of the Astronomy Tower. A slight wind ruffled his hair, lifting it and exposing his scar. The night was completely silent, even the Whomping Willow was still. He was at the highest point of Hogwarts and had a view of the entire grounds, but there was no movement. The sharpness of the many stars shining above him blurred as tears once again filled his eyes. It had finally come to this.

He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, centring himself. Using a little of the powerful magic inherent in his body, he opened his mind and cast out thin strands that searched the psyches of the people in the castle. He touched lightly as he scanned the many consciousnesses, dipping and seeking. He passed over the spongy thoughts of the students and the more individualised compartments of the professor’s minds. They weren’t what he wanted.

At last he felt it; the crystallised form of Snape’s mind. He’d felt it strength and solidity in the many times he and Severus had trained in the past, but now knew he could break through those barriers easily. He touched on Severus’ mind, stroking it softly to make him aware of another’s presence. Before the intellect could register the intrusion and close him off, he withdrew quickly and left his mind completely open. Eyes tightly shut, hands clenched on the railing, he prayed that his mind would be invaded.

And then he could feel it – a tiny, inquisitive movement. It poked sharply and withdrew suddenly, as if to test the waters. Harry forced himself to breath deeply and remain open and trusting. His mind was touched again, this time the touch was broader and more obvious. It lapped the extremities of his consciousness and he wished fervently that it would go deeper. “Please.” He sent that one word Severus, hoping it wouldn’t scare him away.

Many minutes went by and Harry thought he had failed. Just as he was about to sob, he felt the mind again. But this time there was no gentleness in its movement, it plunged deeply. And Harry let it happen. Saw the images of his own lifetime scatter across his mind, felt all the emotions that went with those played out again. Saw his behaviour of the last week, felt what he had felt the entire time. A tiny bit of shame registered within himself as he realised how artless he had been, how lacking in tact and decency. But the mind continued to delve, forcing him to reveal and relive his every moment. It was hard this intrusion, for so long he had trained to keep everyone out, but knew this was the only way Severus would see he’d meant every word he had said. He sent pulses of happiness and acceptance to Severus but did not try to push him away or seek answers out of his mind. This was all for Severus. Let him do what he must, let him see enough humility and regret in Harry’s life that he never felt ashamed again. Harry kept himself open, and finally revealed his true self.

And suddenly it was gone. Harry shook his head, feeling strangely bereft. He had hoped that Severus would have sent a thought back, an emotion, one single word, but he had left as abruptly as he came. Harry did not hold back his tears now, he sobbed alone at the top of the Tower.

And felt, rather than saw, a large dark figure fly like a bat and land next to him. Severus dropped the broom and grabbed Harry’s chin, holding his face up to the moon so he could peer into his eyes. Harry didn’t want to move, lest he make a mistake. Severus’ lidded black eyes stared into his, searching, scanning. His face was taunt; lines furrowed his forehead and his grip on Harry’s chin tightened.

Harry opened his mouth to speak, but realised he had nothing to say. Everything that could be spoken had already been said. Everything he felt, he had already offered up.

And the look on Severus’ face changed. His eyes softened and his face relaxed. His grip loosened and the hand placed itself on Harry’s cheek. Harry gasped as Severus’ mouth came down upon his, soft, sweet. Harry tried to hold back a whimper as Severus’ eyes closed and the kiss became deeper. His mouth opened willingly and he felt Severus’ tongue caress his lips. Harry’s hands moved without thought, they worked their way up to Severus’ shoulders and gripped painfully, as if he was afraid that Severus would leave.

Severus’ hands moved into Harry’s hair, threading through the soft locks and drawing his head back. Harry felt exposed and flowing and he loved it. He loosened his grip on Severus’ shoulders and enfolded the body into his by pressing on his back. They melted into each other, hands moving slowly as they caressed and kissed.

Severus broke the kiss off and held Harry’s face up to his. “Do you know what you’ve done to me?” he whispered, staring closely into Harry’s eyes.

Harry shook his head, a look of despair starting to come up on his face.

“You’ve made me love you,” Severus said, and kissed him again.

With a moan of joy, Harry threw himself into the hot kiss. Their movements became more wanton, more needy as their bodies arched into each other’s. Still kissing like they were drawing breath, Harry led them down the stairs into his rooms.

When Severus felt the side of the bed press against his legs he stopped. Harry watched him with a look of understanding on his face.

“I don’t want to force you into anything you don’t want to do,” he said quietly, reassuringly stroking Severus’ chest.

“I don’t want to hurt you. I don’t think I can do it right,” Severus replied, a waver of fear in his voice.

“I trust you,” Harry said, pressing kisses on his face and neck.

“There has never been anything but pain.”

“I know you won’t hurt me. I love you, and I want you to love me,” Harry whispered.

Severus drew Harry into his tight embrace, nipping gently at his neck. Harry arched against him, revelling in the heat and strength of the larger body.

They undressed each other slowly, worshipping every part of their bodies as they were exposed until they were completely naked in front of one another, just as Harry’s mind had been before.

Harry guided Severus’ body to lie on top of his, moving his hands slowly over the warm skin. Severus glided his hands down Harry’s body, kissing the soft skin under his arm, licking the raised nubs of his nipples, scratching his chin against the tufts of hair on Harry’s chest. Harry’s head rolled on the pillow, eyes closed in peace. He felt Severus move away and heard him open the bedside drawers, rummaging around for anything that could pass for lubrication. Harry sat up and found a small container of hand cream he had been using to keep his callused hands pliable. He placed the container in Severus’ hand and licked the chest that was invitingly exposed in front of him. Severus moaned and grasped Harry’s hair, Harry moved up to suck deeply at his neck.

Severus shivered and gradually eased his body away from Harry’s. He opened the container and looked hesitantly at Harry. Harry smiled and lay back, knees falling to the side as he exposed his body to Severus’ eyes. As Severus dipped his fingers into the cold cream and started to rub gently at Harry’s cheeks, his tongue dipped and licked his stomach until Harry was letting out gasps. Harry felt a finger slowly slide in, wriggling and moving against his hot flesh. As Severus swiped his tongue over the head of Harry’s dick, he inserted another finger and twisted with a bit more force. Harry cried out and Severus stopped, his eyes seeking Harry’s.

“More,” Harry sighed with a smile, his hand pushing a lock of Severus silken hair from his face.

Severus placed a chaste kiss in the centre of the palm, then his mouth enveloped Harry’s dick as he inserted a third finger into the tight hole. Harry had experienced oral sex before, but this was bliss like no other. He could feel heat and pressure and it felt so good, it was like nothing else, he never wanted to stop. His hips began to jolt upward into that welcoming cavern as Severus’ fingers continued to fuck him. Severus began to suck and Harry knew he wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer.

“Now, please, I need you,” he slurred, eyes half-closed in pleasure. He grabbed the container from Severus’ hands and, lathering up a hand, fondled and stroked Severus’ glistening member as he clenched the body closer to his. He pressed his cheek into Severus’ lean stomach and felt fingers thread themselves through his hair, massaging the nape.

“No more, or I won’t be able to stop,” Severus whispered, pushing Harry’s hands away from him. He pressed him into the mattress and kissed him with abandon as he lined himself up outside of Harry’s hole.

“Yes,” Harry groaned as he felt Severus begin to slide into his body. He was so aroused and prepared he felt like his insides were made of silk. Severus pushed until he was completely in, his body laying flat on top of Harry’s.

“Merlin, how I love you,” Harry whispered as a tear leaked out of the corner of his eye. Severus licked it off his face and began to move inside him. Slow, smooth thrusts at first as their bodies adjusted to the feelings. Then harder, swifter, as Severus sucked on Harry’s neck and Harry clawed at his back. It became impossible for the exquisite feelings to last, Harry came soundlessly, body jolting in completion. Severus soon followed, screaming Harry’s name. Even after they had both achieved orgasm, Severus didn’t leave Harry’s body. He kissed the swollen lips and smoothed the dark hair as Harry smiled in pleasure and ran his hands over as much of Severus’ body as he could reach. Eventually Severus found the position restrictive so he lay next to Harry and they tangled their bodies around one another.

“My Harry, my own,” Severus murmured as he licked the soft expanse of neck next to him.

“I am you know,” Harry replied, feeling light-headed and whole. He pulled Severus’ face to his and kissed him soundly. “Are you going to push me away again?” he asked hesitantly.

“They’re going to have to pry you out of my cold, dead arms before I let you go again,” Severus said seriously. Harry grinned; it was nice to see Severus had a romantic side.

“So Severus,” he asked teasingly, “do you still love me now that you’ve had me?”

“My foolish, impulsive, thoughtless, conniving, dim-witted, idiot boy,” Severus replied, leaning in to kiss Harry between every word, “I have always loved you, I just didn’t want to admit it to myself. Or you, for that matter.”

“Even though I’m a man that hurt you deeply,” Harry admitted, slightly troubled. Severus moved so he could look into the worried eyes. His words were low and sincere. “You are a man, and you did hurt me deeply, but you made up for it. Only a brainless Gryfindoor such as yourself would have opened himself up to possible harm like you did tonight. How could you have let me see into your mind like that? Don’t you know what I could have done to you?”

Harry kissed the tip of his nose and snuggled closer to him. “I told you before, I trust you. I don’t want to hide anything from you anymore. I want you to see who I really am.”

“I have always known who you really are Harry Potter, and for that, I have always loved you.”