Title: Sally Loves Semen

Author: Tony Tiger

Summary: A young woman's lifestyle as a cum collector (m+f M+F cons inc voy) Revised 9/21/13, 10/15/13
************************************************
Sally loves it shooting in her mouth. She loves it spraying on her tits. She especially loves it blasting on her cervix. It is even more delightful when a previous deposit is waiting to mix with the new arrival.

Sally's love of semen started in her mid-teens during sexploration with her twin brother. His sweet taste and copious volume set her lifetime standards. After they had progressed to full sex their mother figured out what was going on. She promptly got Sally on contraception and ensured that they both had accurate sex educations. She set no rules about sleeping arrangements having done bit of family fucking herself. 

Sally had a nicely filled out figure with dark hair top and botttom. She liked being natural so didn't shave like many of the other girls. It made her memorable but cleaning up the cum that invariably leaked out of her pussy was more difficult. And the cum leaked out. It wasn't natural to wear condoms so the cock juice from a recent deposit would often get squished out by the next hard dick to slide in. She had many offers for dates in high school. Preferring variety to commitment, she developed a small stable of boyfriends. Her selection technique used fellatio to check out a candidate's cum quality and quantity. Taste was important since she would suck the boy off if fucking was not possible. The top few finishers got to make those special deposits deep in her pussy as frequently as could be arranged. Any sign of jealousy or possessiveness was grounds for banishment from her cunt.

Sally loves semen. As she acquired more and more samples, she sometimes wondered if it was the semen itself, or the exciting ways each dose was personally delivered, that she craved. She had tasted some fresh semen in a girlfriend's pussy and it just wasn't as good. Helping each pecker transform from soft and dangly into a rigid and ready semen delivery system was great fun. And there  were so many sizes and shapes. She hadn't yet found one she couldn't enjoy in some way. Stroking a small one until it squirted on her tits let her rub the white juice in like skin lotion. Average size appendages were a good fit in her mouth for a tasty snack. Hearing their groans of pleasure as she felt and tasted the pulsing climax made her pussy tingle.  Long and/or thick male organs felt so good stretching and stroking her demanding cunt as she asked for "more and harder". Her pussy muscles could always pull extra hot shots of semen onto her cervix from even the most fucked-out cock, sending her into a wailing climax. A few long thin dicks even got to try her ass. While all the other places for semen were fun, what really got Sally hot was the thought of uncountable millions of wiggling sperms spurted deep in her pussy and invading her womb looking for an egg to fertilize. She felt so incredibly female every time a fresh batch of them were pumped into the place nature intended them to be. She was woman!

Her brother remained her regular lover and they would usually sleep together. After date nights, they would often make gentle love and share the events of the evening, as well as her date's cum. Her brother smiled when encountering her boyfriends as he could often remember sliding his dick in their love sauce. They were unaware that their cocks had often been sliding in his lubrication since Sally would sometimes get a quick injection from her brother before going on a date. He didn't need to date very often since she kept his horns very well clipped.

This arrangement continued into community college with both siblings living at home. Community college class schedules gave Sally better opportunities for semen collection. Some of her select group of regular donors lived near campus and this provided convenient places for studying and fun between classes. She made no secret that she was not exclusive to any one. When the mood struck her, usually around the time of the month she would have ovulated if it were not for the birth control, she arranged for a get together of several of her favorites. She enjoyed licking each cock clean after it had done its best to fill her up and get her off, usually as the next hard dick was trying to get "traction" in her sopping cunt. She loved the slippery feeling that delayed the ejaculations of each additional dick as the owner tried to outdo those who had gone before. As soon as she had drained a cock deep in her vagina she was ready for the next hard visitor to start on its way to ejaculation. On those occasions her brother got much much more than "seconds" when she slipped into the bed they usually shared. And she always enjoyed his fresh cum added to all the other deposits. 

Since Sally had a couple of afternoons without classes,she looked for a part-time job. She found one in a small shop run by a man in his fifties. They quickly became friends as the shop wasn't too busy. When she heard his story about having an invalid wife, she realized that here was an opportunity to experience something different. She began opening the topic of sex in their conversations and confirmed his lack thereof. One day, at closing time, she presented her boss with a signed "Release from sexual harassment liability". Surprised, to say the least, he asked what this meant. Without a word, she took his hand and led him to his office. She sat up on his desk, pulled up her skirt to reveal her neatly trimmed pussy and said. "Eat it and you can fuck it". He dove in and licked her to near climax when she stopped him and said, "finish the job with your cock". Pulling out an impressive organ he slipped in and pumped them both to a great conclusion. It was obvious from the cum that oozed around his slowly deflating cock that he hadn't been drained in quite a while and she was impressed. He had great technique and the ability to last through several of her climaxes which many of her younger cocksmen had yet to learn. His semen flavor was not to her taste,though, and she limited him to pussy deposits. He was deeply appreciative (pun intended).

Out of curiosity, Sally's brother installed a one-way mirror between his room and hers. When she knew he was watching she would have a terrific climax or two then dismiss her partner right after he unloaded in her pussy. That was the signal to her brother to come in and taste the very fresh hot semen. She was eager to feel the swollen mushroom head of her favorite dick spread apart her dripping labia. As the hard rod penetrated and stretched the wet, soft texture of her love socket, Sally began the climb towards another orgasm. She urged him on, building their excitement with panting descriptions of how he had watched her other lover pump his semen into her much fucked snatch. How his cock was massaging the slippery love lotion into both of their tissues. How she always wanted his sperm to join the millions already in her womb. They held each other tightly as they went over the top together.

With all that they shared he had become a semen fan even though he had no interest in getting it directly from the source. Secondhand was much more fun. She told her brother, "I'm so glad I have you to share everything with. These other men are temporary pleasures but you will always love me and be in my life. You of all people know the intense joy I get from every man who pleasures my tits and fills my pussy with his stiffness and sprays my womb with semen yet it is never as rich as when when you do those same things to me with love. That makes me feel safe, special, and truly cared for. Thank you."

Sally sometimes thought about the future after college. Could she find a husband who could handle her desire for a variety of semen? Would she want one? And when she was ready for children, how to know who the father was? Would it matter?

Sally loves semen...and makes sure she gets plenty. 

