Chapter Five

"As a free-lance journalist I've covered Somali riots quelled by the slaughter of hundreds, and as an embedded journalist in Iraq, I've crouched under a hail of shells. But I have never been more terrified in my life than I was sitting by Rip van Etten's side throughout Hearst's infamous Sun and Moon Blind Rally."
Samuel Hastings, excerpt from interview on Late Night, December XXXX

Rip looked at the script in his hand. "You want me to endorse condoms?"

"It's all the rage to support safe sex these days." Hearst smiled at Rip with unconcealed amusement. "But perhaps you prefer yours unprotected."

In the past eight weeks, Hearst had demanded that Rip endorse everything from personal lubricants to designer briefs, mattresses to exercise equipment. Rip knew that Hearst's primary goal was to harass him, but he'd also realized that Hearst was sexualizing his public image, something that he wanted to avoid. His fans were for the most part pretty conservative, God-fearing rural folks. Yeah, they liked to see him sow a few wild oats as far as booze and cigarettes, but sex marketing would make many of them question whether or not Rip was a good role model for their kids. And once those questions started being asked, others wouldn't be far behind.

Especially if one of his one-nighters recognized him from the ads and decided to sell his story.

Rip figured that Hearst also wanted to keep him off-balance. His final weeks of preparation for the Sun and Moon had been interrupted time and again by summons to California for trivial tasks that he could have easily accomplished from New York.

Like this fucking condom thing. "This is the last endorsement before the race, right?"

"Of course. I would hate to disrupt your concentration."

Rip was damned if he was going to give Hearst the satisfaction of protesting the bastard's blatant lie. "Just radio?"

"And a print version. I've arranged a limousine to take you to the studio in an hour's time for the shoot."

"They'd better not expect me to wear one of the damned things for the camera," Rip muttered.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Joe and Sam met Rip at the Vancouver airport.

"How's it going?" Rip could have used about two days of sleep, but he needed to settle in with his team and get everyone prepared for the qualifying heats.

Joe winced. "You want to tell him, or should I?" he asked Sam.

"What the fuck is it this time?"

"We're scheduled to drive the first qualifying run – tomorrow morning at five a.m." Sam looked apologetic. "We tried to get them to reschedule us, but they refused."

"They were letting other drivers change," Joe said bitterly. "But not us."

Rip swore, dropping his head in temporary defeat. "It's that bastard, Hearst." He sighed and straightened. "So. We're first up. Well, we'll just have to set the standard for all the rest."

A smile broke out across Joe's face. "The maintenance crew is set. We've gone over all three cars with a fine-toothed comb. They're perfect."

"Great. Good work, kid." Rip mussed up Joe's hair and grinned when Joe balled his fists and drew a deep breath to shout at him. "Save it. We need that energy for tomorrow. Come on, we've got a lot of work to do."

As they started walking toward the parking lot, Sam dropped in beside Rip, letting Joe run ahead.

"Don't you think you should get some rest first, Rip?"

Rip shook his head. "I need to check the service area."

Sam glanced at him sharply. "Do you expect sabotage?"

"I wouldn't put anything past the bastard," Rip said grimly.

"We can take turns watching—"

"No, don't worry. Loco Doko and Pete are both black belts. I'll talk to them. They'll put the rest of the crew on the alert."

Sam hesitated. "Rip, about Sterling Rich—"

"I don't want to hear it. Not until after I've won this fucking race."

"…I understand."

Rip frowned at Sam. "Look, a lot's riding on this."

Sam nodded and smiled, though the smile looked sort of sad. "I know. What do you need me to do?"

"You've got the route book for the qualifying run, right? Memorize it and set up a timetable for tomorrow, okay?"

"I'll get to work on it immediately," Sam promised.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

At three thirty the next morning, after a sleepless night going over the Jeep he was going to use for the race, Rip figured that they were as ready to go as they were going to get. He fastened his helmet strap under his chin. "It's strange, seeing the Jeep without sponsor logos all over it. Makes me feel like we're going out for a Sunday drive or something."

Sam zipped his firesuit. "The route book gives us an hour to get to the beginning of the qualifying run once we've checked in."

"Sounds good. Let's get going."

They checked in right on time, and Rip took his time driving the forty miles to the beginning of the course. He felt pumped up and alert, despite his lack of sleep. There was no way in hell that he was going to lose, and that included the qualifying heat. He wasn't going to accept anything less than a win every time he took the course.

Sam looked out his window. "This is our exit."

Rip signalled and drove up the ramp. "We on time?"

"Yes, we're fine."

"You picked a hell of a race for your first navving, you know that, don't you?"

"Joe's told me tales." Sam smiled, but sobered quickly. "My greatest worry is that I might keep you from doing your best."

"Not gonna happen. Look, I know we didn't get as much time practicing as we planned, what with me having to be Hearst's lap dog, but you've done great when we have, even on the tough courses. I don't know how to explain it, but somehow, I feel like I've got a real partner sitting beside me. Not that Joe hasn't been, he's great! It's just... I don't know. Just different."

Sam didn't reply. Rip glanced over at him, and saw a thoughtful expression on Sam's face. "What?"

"At the risk of sounding mad, I have to admit there are times when I feel like we've done this before," Sam admitted. "Not racing, exactly, but working together. It feels very familiar to me."

"That's it. That's what it's like for me, too." Rip grinned. "But don't tell anybody, for fuck's sake. They'll think we're crazy."

"I'm afraid that it's too late to change people's opinion of your sanity." Before Rip could say something back, Sam pointed ahead. "It looks like we're here."

Ahead lay a huge parking lot, already filled with cars. A brightly lit area beyond was thronged with people.

Rip shook his head. "I can't believe we have spectators at five in the fucking morning."

"Turn left here. The check-in booth is just over there."

"Got it." They pulled up to the Arrival Time Control booth.

Sam glanced out the window. "Snow. As we expected."

"Yeah. It'll be shit if we're the first ones on it." Damn Hearst, anyway. A route through snow that hadn't been driven would mean a slower time, since Rip couldn't use tracks already established by others to overcome some of the drag of the snow. Not to mention the fact that five in the morning meant that it would be at its coldest and hardest, no thawing to help. "How long is the stage?"

"Seven miles."

"Describe it to me."

"It's a service road for a ski lodge near here, a series of S-curves, with a downhill grade of thirty percent. The book says that the snow on the route is guaranteed to be no more than six inches in depth, but if you go off course, you'll run into walls of snow. It's illuminated every fifty feet by security-grade lighting."

"Sort of like a bobsledding run, huh? With glare."

"That's a good way to describe it." Sam peered at what they could see of the course.

"How long do we get to complete it?"

"Nine and a half minutes."

Rip did some quick calculations. "That gives us an average speed of forty-five to qualify. My guess is that those are pretty tight curves, if that's all the faster they're expecting us to drive."

"We aren't racing the qualifying heat for speed, are we?"

"Well, all we have to do is to make the stage in the allotted time and we've qualified." Rip glanced over at Sam. "But yeah. I'm driving this whole fucking race at speed, even this. I want to set the pace, starting right now."

Sam studied his face intently for a moment, then smiled. "I understand. Do you have a strategy?"

"Yeah." Rip shifted into first and eased the Jeep toward the station. "Giant slalom."

Sam frowned in thought. "The increase in speed off a turn could be risky when we go into the following one."

"Snow walls, right? We'll use the walls for drag at the corners, hit 'em with her back end at an angle in a controlled skid, like skiers use the bumps on a course. Should spin us through the curve and into the next run."

"Have you tried it before?"

"Never." Rip grinned. "I never could get the hang of skis." He parked next to the sign-in booth.

Sam looked a bit alarmed, but merely said, "I'll get our book stamped," and got out of the car.

When he got back into the car a few minutes later, he was frowning. "We're the first ones on it, I'm afraid. The check-in people said it snowed on Wednesday and Thursday, but it was plowed before that and they only got three and a half inches."

"Did they say anything about smoothing it out, or will we have to deal with drifts?"

"We'll have to deal with drifts."

"Damn." Rip put the Jeep in gear and started toward the head of the course. "This is going to be a wild ride. You strapped in?"

Sam checked his harness. "Yes. I'm ready." He looked at the course book. "The timer point is that pole up there."

"Right. We're at the head of the course. I want to get some speed up. Hang on."

Rip hit the timer at fifty-seven mph and immediately sent the Jeep into a controlled skid. They hit the first bank hard, but Rip corrected for it.

"Damn. The bank's softer than I'd hoped." He pushed on the accelerator. "It absorbed a hell of a lot of speed." He sent the Jeep skidding again as the second corner leapt at them.

This time he grunted with approval as they rebounded. He managed to keep them from hitting the opposite wall coming out of the skid. "Sixty-eight must be the magic number."

"Do you think you can reach that in every straightaway?"

"Reach it? Sam, baby, we are so flying past that!" Rip grinned and managed two corners in quick succession. "Shit! Drift!"

The Jeep hit the drift and launched over it, briefly airborne, before landing hard. "Hang on!" but the bank was already on them. Rip managed to sideswipe it, cursing at the lost seconds, but glad at least that they hadn't got stuck. He floored the accelerator again. "How're we doing?"

"Three more corners. You're at four minutes."

"Hot fucking dog!" The Jeep roared.

Every instinct that Rip possessed told him that he was approaching the race the right way. He planned to take Hearst's challenge and beat it all to hell, prove that the Sun and Moon wasn't Hearst's, it was his, Rip Fucking van Etten's, from the instant he and Sam started the fucking qualifying run until the last driver finished. Certainty nested deep inside his chest and time slowed until he felt like he could see what was happening before it happened, as he dealt with two more drifts and pounded the straightaways with everything the Jeep had. If that fucking bastard Hearst was trying to break him, he didn't have a chance in hell of doing it, because Rip was on.

They flew across the finish and decelerated in a snow-spewing halt at the end of the course.

Rip whooped. "That was fan-fucking-tastic!"

Sam was laughing so hard he sounded manic. "Six point zero two minutes! Never mind this morning's breakfast, I thought tomorrow's breakfast was going to come up back there."

"Hah!" Rip couldn't keep an idiotic grin from his face as he eased the Jeep back into gear and headed for the end check-point. "Not even Sterling Fucking Rich will be able to touch that one! Now we get our book stamped, then I want to head back to the hotel and catch about twenty hours of sleep."

"You deserve it! I'll be right back." Sam hopped out of the car and trotted to the booth, a huge smile still on his face. When he came back out, he waved the book at Rip, then climbed back in the Jeep.

"They're all stunned. Nobody can believe it. I don't think that any of the officials thought the race was starting today." Sam's eyes were full of wicked glee. "The expressions on everyone's face in the press booth were worth every near-death experience of the past ten minutes."

Rip play-punched him. "You wuss bastard! 'Near-death experiences' my ass! Man was meant to fly cars."

Sam shook his head, still chuckling. "There's something incredibly wrong about that statement, but right now, I couldn't agree more."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

No other driver came close to Rip's time, and several were disqualified for going over the nine minutes allowed. By the evening of the qualifying runs, only sixteen cars were left in the Sun and Moon. The officials divided them into two

groups of eight and assigned them one of two route books.

"Rich made it in." Joe looked over the materials. "He's in the other group, though."

Rip grunted.

"It means that you'll know what his times are for that day, though," Joe pointed out. "It gives you a goal."

Sam looked thoughtful. "It also means that he'll have Rip's times for the route we're driving on the first day."

"Doesn't matter," Rip said, serene. "He's not going to touch me."

He noticed that Sam and Joe exchanged looks, but said nothing.

Fuck them.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip hit the first day hard, the Jeep perfectly in synch with his will, as if she were an extension of his body. Every run, every second, Rip pushed himself and his team, refusing to allow anything to come between him and his goal.

Joe took their helmets as Rip and Sam climbed out of the Jeep late that night. His eyes were huge.

"I don't believe it. Rip, do you know what you've done?"

"Whupped some ass." Rip stripped the tie from his hair and shook it out. "Is Rich still in it?"

"Yeah, and he's doing really good. He's way in front of his group, too. Rip, your margin is nine minutes! You could drive every special stage in the maximum allowed time tomorrow, and you'd still be two minutes faster than the course was set up for."

"We're not backing off. What's Rich's margin?"

"About seven minutes right now. He's still got the timber run to do tonight, then his first day's done, too. I think the other course is harder than yours was. You'll have your hands full when you drive it tomorrow."

"I don't know." Sam pulled the route book out of his inner pocket. "That beach run that we just did was nerve-wracking."

"We hit it just as the tide was almost in, and the damned rocks were slimy. The ocean was chasing our heels." Rip shook his head. "I lost time on that one."

"That's where McPherson lost it completely," Joe said, trotting beside them as Rip and Sam headed for the clubhouse. "He went off the road right before your run."

"I was wondering what the delay was." Rip frowned. "He okay?"

"Broken leg, and his navigator's hip was fractured. Both of them are in hospital. The car was totalled. Your group is down to five drivers. Rich's group has seven."

"McPherson's a good driver."

"Everyone in this race is." Sam shook his head. "This course doesn't seem to allow room for error." They entered the clubhouse.

People glanced over at Rip and there was a rush of press and well-wishers shouting questions and congratulations at Rip and pushing Sam and Joe aside. Rip glared at his friends' grinning faces, shook his head and pushed through the crowd.

"I want a beer."

"On the house," the bartender said. "Your nav, too. That last run was bloody amazing! That stretch of beach service road is called the Devil's Graveyard around here."

Rip laughed. "I don't know about the devil, but there were a couple of times that I felt like there was a guy with a sickle looking over my shoulder when I was on that stretch."

Sam and Joe reached the bar in time to overhear Rip's comment.

"I was wondering if scuba suits were standard equipment in these races," Sam said, accepting a beer with a polite, "Thank you," to the bartender.

"Last year we lost a ranger there." The bartender shook his head. "Some tourists got stranded on the beach when the tide came in and he was the first one to respond. He went off at the same place that McPherson did today."

"What happened?"

"Drowned. There's an underwater drop-off there, with bad rocks at the bottom. We figured he must have been knocked out when he went over."

Joe shivered. "I'm glad you guys are finished with that course."

"Me, too." Rip finished his beer. "Hey, is there any food around here?"

"I'll get the waitress to bring you out some burgers and fries. That do you?"

"Great!" Joe said happily. "Give me three orders!"

"You pig—" Rip started to say, when someone shouted, "Rich is in trouble!"

Rip's heart froze. He jumped off his chair as the bar went quiet. "What happened?"

"He was on the timber run and hit a tree," one of the reporters said. "It's all over the tv."

"He's back on the track!" someone shouted from the other room. "But I don't see his nav!"

"If Rich's nav is out of the race, won't he be disqualified?"

"Yeah."

Rip felt a cold sweat break out all over his body. Rich. The stupid bastard! Driving a course like the Sun and Moon without a nav? "Fuck," he whispered. "He's a stupid bastard. I bet he's gonna try it at speed." He started to head for the room with the television, but Sam grabbed his arm.

"We can't watch."

"But—"

"We'll be disqualified. They've got to keep the route secret from the teams." Sam looked around and leaned closer. "I don't think I can put off telling you any longer. You need to know about Rich."

Rip swore under his breath, but finally nodded. "Right."

Sam let him go and turned to the bartender. "Is there a private place where we could discuss some business matters? Somewhere without a television."

"Sure." The bartender tilted his head. "There's an office down those stairs. Nobody's there. You can use it. Should I have them bring your food down?"

Sam shook his head. "Joe, could you please bring our meals downstairs when they're ready?"

Joe nodded, his eyes wide. "I know Rich is a bastard and all, but if he's not in the race, what's the point in driving it?"

Rip wondered the same thing. The win would mean he'd keep his independence, which would be a relief, if nothing else. But the more important thing was winning the Sun and Moon by out-driving Sterling Rich.

"Come on." Sam gently pushed Rip, making him stumble a bit. Shit, he hadn't realized how tense he was. He followed Sam down the stairs and into a small, cramped office, not much more than a desk and a chair. Rip sat on the edge of the desk while Sam took the chair.

Sam leaned forward, elbows on his knees and hands clasped. "Rip, Rich didn't send those photos to Hearst. He's not involved with Hearst's blackmail or the contract."

"You're wrong!" Rip stood and started pacing in the tiny space. "I saw it."

"Hearst set Rich up."

Rip stopped and glared at Sam. "And how the fuck do you know that?"

"I found the courier who delivered the envelope to Rich. He told me that Hearst was insistent that he give it to Rich personally, and made him call back when the delivery was finished. Rip, he delivered it on the same day that you went to California."

Something Hearst had said… That's right. The phone call Hearst had taken when Rip arrived in California. Have you carried out my instructions? And witnessed it yourself?

"The courier didn't know what was in the package, but he did tell me that Hearst had used him for another delivery on the same day that the Sun and Moon registrations were opened. It was also to Rich."

"What if that was the instructions for this whole thing?" Rip asked. But he didn't' believe it. All along, his gut had hurt at the thought of Rich betraying him like that. He now recognized it for what it was.

Guilt.

He hadn't listened to Rich, hadn't even asked the right questions, had just jumped to conclusions.

"I doubt the package was instructions. Rich doesn't seem to be the kind of person to get involved in schemes. My guess is that Rich received a special registration packet for the sole purpose of getting his handwriting on the envelope you saw in Hearst's office. It would have been easy for Hearst to have kept Rich's registration envelope and then slip the photos into it before he showed them to you."

The air in the room suddenly seemed way too close.

There was a knock at the door. "Hey, guys, can I come in?"

Rip opened the door and Joe slid into the office, carrying several baskets of food piled haphazardly one on top of the other. "Thanks. Here you go." He waited until Rip closed the door and handed him a basket.

The smell made Rip's stomach churn. "You can have mine."

Joe paused, looking serious. "That bad, huh?"

"Sam says I was wrong about Rich being involved."

"No shit?" Joe commandeered the corner of the desk where Rip had been sitting. "So like, what's going on, then?"

Sam glanced at the door and lowered his voice. "Rip, do you remember when I told you that Hearst was the protégé of Sterling Rich's father?"

"Yeah. But you said that stopped before Rich was adopted."

"It did. But I had a friend of mine who is a researcher at Harvard take a look at Hearst's stock portfolio. It turns out that over the years, Hearst has been acquiring shares of Kyou. Sterling Rich has always owned fifty-one percent of the shares, with the rest going public. Hearst now owns close to thirty-seven percent of the company, under various businesses."

Another one of Hearst's lies. "The bastard told me he owned the majority."

Joe put down his hamburger. "But what does that mean?"

"What if Hearst is planning a hostile takeover of Kyou? He might be blackmailing Rich the same way he's blackmailing Rip." Rip couldn't stop himself from making a sound, and Sam met his eyes. "Whether he's using the relationship like he did with you, or whether he's got some other kind of hold over Rich, he's managed to keep both of you apart."

"So we don't compare notes," Rip said, beginning to understand the full extent of his role in Hearst's plans.

"Exactly. It's much easier to manipulate both of you if neither of you is speaking to the other."

"Fuck!" Rip leaned against the door and banged his head against it. "I'm such a fucking idiot!"

"You couldn't have known." Sam rubbed his forehead as if he had a headache. "Hearst is extremely intelligent, and his manipulations have been subtle. He's hiding one fact by playing up another."

"So Rich needs this win, too."

"Probably, if he wants to oppose Hearst's potential takeover. They may be using this race to play out what would normally happen in a boardroom. Whichever one of them wins will have the momentum and the psychological advantage, and that influences shareholders' votes."

"Oh!" Joe swallowed his mouthful and wiped his sleeve across his chin. "I forgot to tell you! Rich crossed the finish and checked in at Finish Time Control. But they took his nav to the hospital!"

Rip's stomach fell. "Wait! Is his nav out of the race?"

Joe nodded. "They said his seatbelt broke and he has a concussion."

"But that means Rich will be disqualified. You can't drive a race without a nav."

"Oh dear. So it's over, then." Sam looked upset. "I should have insisted on telling you earlier, Rip. I'm so sorry."

"Not your fault. I didn't want to hear it." Rip couldn't believe it. Rich was out of the race. Out of the race, and out of Rip's life. "That's it then." He closed his eyes. "What a fucking disaster."

"Um. Guys? I've got an idea."

Rip sighed and looked at Joe. "What? Find a time machine or something?"

"No." Weirdly, Joe didn't look pissed at Rip's sarcasm. He looked embarrassed. "But it might be out there, a little. Well. A lot."

Rip rubbed an aching shoulder. "Let's hear it. Nothing can hurt, at this point."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip's pride had carried him through a tough childhood, a tough time finding sponsors when he first began driving, and a tough road to the top of his profession. It had kept him going in the face of Hearst's harassment and when he'd thought that Rich had betrayed him.

Now he had to let it go.

Rip knocked at the door to Room 353.

"Go away."

"Rich. It's me. Rip."

The door flew open and Rip was confronted by Rich's familiar glare. "Stay the fuck away from me!"

Rich looked like shit. He'd lost weight since Rip had seen him last, and there were deep circles under his eyes. "Wait. Five minutes, then I swear we'll leave if you want us to. But give me five minutes. Okay?"

Rich seemed to notice Sam and Joe for the first time and curled his lip. "You brought the fucking peanut gallery with you?"

"It's important. Really important. Please."

"I've got my Colt."

"I know you probably hate my guts. I wouldn't have come if it wasn't so important."

Rich glared at him for a second longer. "Tch. Get the fuck in here before the reporters smell a story."

They filed in, and Rich shut the door. He made no move to invite them to sit, just stood by the door, his arms crossed.

Rip looked around, but it looked like Rich was staying here by himself. The room was actually a suite with a couple of bedrooms and a kitchen, much bigger than the room he and Sam were sharing. He imagined staying there with Rich, but shook it off immediately. Those days were gone for good. He turned back to Rich.

"Look, I don't know what the fuck Hearst's plans are," Rip said quietly. "But now I know that you didn't screw me over, and that I'm an asshole for thinking you did. And I know that this race is important to both of us. A win doesn't mean anything if it's not you or me over the other."

Rich grunted, still scowling.

Rip nodded as if Rich had responded. "So, I've got a proposition for you."

"Fuck off."

"Hear me out." Rip glanced over at Sam and Joe, and they both smiled encouragingly. "Look, you need a nav or you'll be disqualified, right?"

Rich looked wary, but finally nodded.

"Then how about Joe?"

Rich stared at him as if he thought Rip was demented.

"No, really! He's navved for me for years! He's one of the best."

"Is this some kind of joke?"

Before Rip could say anything, Joe spoke. "It was my idea."

Rich snorted. "Figures. Not even van Etten would think of something that fucking stupid."

Joe just grinned. "Don't alienate your navigator. You need me."

"Why the hell should I trust you?"

"You're screwed anyway, aren't you?" Joe shrugged. "Without you in the race, Rip's gonna win. Besides," his face lit up with unholy glee, and Rip shifted uneasily, "I know all of Rip's moves, don't I?"

"Wait a fucking minute!" Rip protested. "I said you could nav for him, I didn't say you could sell me out!"

"Shut up. You don't have anything to sell, asshole. You drive like a cockroach runs." Rich looked at Joe consideringly. "I still don't see what you're going to get out of this."

Joe's gaze darted toward Rip. He looked guilty. "I'll be in the race. I don't want to sit on the sidelines anymore."

"Joe—" Rip said weakly.

"Hey, no worries," Joe said, though Rip could tell his cheer was forced. "Sam's a great nav. You two work great together, better than you and me did, and we were really good. I just wanna be out there, too." He looked away.

"Aw, shit, kid," Rip said, upset. He met Rich's eyes. "He's the best, you know."

"Yeah. I know." Rich frowned in thought. "This isn't just for publicity, is it?"

Joe shook his head. "I like working for Rip, but not enough to do something like that."

Rip heard Sam stifle a chuckle.

"What about the course?"

"What about it?"

"Were you on the asshole's crew for today's runs?"

Joe looked perplexed. "What are you talking about?"

"I believe he's concerned about whether you would be disqualified because you've seen the routes already," Sam said quietly.

"Oh. Well, I was on the maintenance crew," Joe said. "But I didn't see the special stage courses. I've only been where the crews were allowed."

Rich continued to frown, but Rip could see he was giving the idea serious consideration. He fixed his gaze on Rip. "Why did you say 'yes' to this? What's in it for you?"

I'm not going to forgive you, came through loud and clear. Rip shrugged, trying to hide how deeply Rich's anger cut him. "Like I said. I'm racing you. I'm not racing anybody else. If you're not in the race, it's not worth it."

Rich studied him for a few more seconds before turning back to Joe. "Come on, kid. I'll show you what it feels like to come in first."

Joe looked up, his eyes bright with excitement. "Really?"

Rich rolled his eyes, and started heading for the kitchen. "If you fuck up, I'll kill you," he said, not turning around. "The rest of you, get the fuck out."

Joe scrambled after him. As Rip opened the door, he could hear Joe's excited chatter and Rich's grunts in response. Guilt ate at him. How long had it been since he'd seen Joe that happy and enthusiastic? He glanced over his shoulder to see Rich clout Joe on the back of the head; Joe protested indignantly, but his normal effervescence took over as he opened the refrigerator, probably to search for something to eat.

"It looks like they'll get along well," Sam said.

"Yeah." Rip left the suite and waited as Sam closed the door behind them. They headed down the hall.

Sam glanced at him. "You might want to release a statement. I know if I were covering this race as a journalist, I'd jump all over this story if I heard it through the rumor mill."

"Can you do it?" Rip rubbed the back of his neck when Sam nodded. "Just don't be too sappy or make me sound generous or anything. I need a drink."

"Let's go back to the rally site, then you can order one for me, too," Sam replied with a smile. "Don't worry. I'll make you sound properly disgruntled."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>