All night and into the morning they made love, stopping to doze at times but skipping dinner, taking turns showing off their skills and their favorite positions. Rollin had to revise his definition of insatiable, but even after he couldn't make his exhausted body respond to his desire, he found that wandering hands and well-placed kisses would keep Cinnamon gratified. "A man can send a woman to nirvana with one finger if he uses it right," she teased toward morning, when she was getting sore and they'd both already admitted all their secret turn-ons.

Yet they didn't talk about their feelings. Rollin concentrated on loving her the only way he could, which would have to be enough, after that night.

At dawn she woke him to direct him into her bathroom, so she could make certain he had mastered the fine arts of joint bathing and morning-after massage. But first he had to get a drink. He found his glass still on the floor, unbroken, with a faint stain of liquor inside and the imprint of his lips on the rim.

Cinnamon put it back in the cabinet unwashed. "Souvenir," she shrugged. "Is that tacky?"

"I want to take all of last night with me, distilled in a bottle," he admitted. "Cin...what's the name of your perfume?"

She smiled enigmatically and showed him the label. It was "My Sin."

Rollin wondered whether the mission to Anchise would help him keep his country safe or land him squarely on the road to hell.

The journey was alternately pure bliss and raw torture. While Willie dozed and Barney drew maps during the long plane flight, Rollin and Cinnamon talked, first about childhood vacations and places they'd always wanted to visit, then about all the careers they had ever considered and where they might want to live someday and what kind of houses they liked and what they would name their pets if they ever were home long enough to have pets. At the beginning of the flight Jim tried politely to chat with them, but eventually he sat back to rest, glancing at Rollin from time to time with a strange expression on his face. Rollin -- who often talked to Barney about Cadillacs versus foreign cars and which Dodgers fans hated more, the Giants or the Yankees -- rationalized that it wasn't like he and Cinnamon were flirting or anything. Besides, he was supposed to be practicing his moves to chat up the princess.

In Anchise, everything got more complicated. Halia was nothing like Rollin expected; in fact, he had to admit, she was delightful. She reminded him a bit of Eliza Doolittle from 'My Fair Lady.' Maybe no one else at the court could tell that her imperiousness wasn't instinctive, but Rollin was an actor and could see the telltale signs of nervousness in subtle hand gestures and the way her eyes darted about. They hit it off immediately, though he suspected that Halia could see through him, too -- she didn't buy that he had gone to boarding school in England or hunted in Kenya. Still, she seemed charmed by the lies. "You sound too happy to be here, my Yankee friend," she laughed, shaking her head at him.

Apparently she believed he was genuinely besotted with her. Among the backstabbing, jaded, pompous royalty who frequented her court, a romantic commoner must have seemed like a breath of fresh air. At least, he hoped so. He was still light-headed from the long trip, the endless cups of coffee and champagne toasts -- and sitting next to Cinnamon, unable to touch her with all the others present, catching the scent of her in the air, practically falling into a swoon while she charmed customs officials, Anchisan guards, foreign dignitaries and Princess Halia, who believed the beautiful model was a rising movie star named Serena Navarre. Rollin Hand -- or Rowland Hall, for the weekend -- was glad the two women seemed to like each other. It would make his task a little easier.

Cinnamon had gone to work making herself popular among Halia's friends and lovers. She kissed one man, a French playboy, on the dance floor, and another, the Minister of Culture, in an alcove behind the hors d'oeuvres. And those were only the men Rollin knew about. If only he could have stopped trying to watch, he might have been able to relax and enjoy the party, without comparing her expressions to those he had seen on her face the other night, without wondering whether she really enjoyed the way the minister stroked his fingers along her neck and across her cheek. He managed to dance with Cin once when they wound up next to each other as the music started for a waltz, but it was difficult to have to be casual, holding her at arm's length, pretending she was just a distraction from the princess rather than the other way around.

Sensing Halia's gaze on him, Rollin turned away from an exiled duchess trying to monopolize him and gave his royal hostess a brilliant smile. She returned it, winking and inclining her head to indicate that she wanted him beside her. He quickly excused himself from the duchess and began his approach, admiring Halia's sheer layered dress and spectacular jewelry. She didn't wear clothes with the same delight as Cinnamon, who reveled when she got the chance to show off ostentatious fabrics and designs, but then Halia probably had more gowns than she knew what to do with and her shoes alone were worth more than the gross national income of some Third World countries.

Rollin felt overdressed in his well-tailored tuxedo and tails -- like a groom, he thought wryly, and smirked at the image. Halia's expression turned quizzical as he reached her, but she punished him for his distance by putting a hand on the back of his neck and pulling him to her for a quick kiss. Now the duchess wouldn't dare flirt with him. "Your Highness, you take my breath away," Rollin grinned.

She smacked him lightly on the chest to let him know half-assed flattery would get him wherever he wanted to go, turning an oversized pout on him. "I'm tired of being in this stuffy room with all these arrogant people having all these pretentious conversations," she sighed excessively. "Mr. Hall, do you know how boring it is to be a princess? I'm surrounded all the time by playboys and movie stars, everyone giving me gifts to impress me, eating at banquets, sampling the cultural elite...I'm becoming the most spoiled, selfish, shallow, superficial twit in Europe and I can't even enjoy it!"

Throughout her speech Rollin stared at her with his most sympathetic expression, beginning to look suspicious only at the very end, before she burst into giggles. "It sounds terrible," he said deadpan. "Maybe you should do that Audrey Hepburn thing where she pretended to be a commoner." In all likelihood no one at Halia's court would ever have suggested such a thing to her; he knew it was a risk, but it seemed to delight her. And to think he'd just been comparing her to Audrey Hepburn in 'My Fair Lady.' He'd always wanted to act with Audrey Hepburn.

Across the great hall, Rollin could see Cinnamon working the room, distracting the most important players and pitting them against one another. Though her gown was simpler and she wore little jewelry, she was as breathtaking as the princess. He forced his eyes away, back to Halia, whose expression had turned sultry and intimate.

"Why don't we run away together, Rowland?" she whispered, stroking her hand down the side of his face.

"I most fervently hoped you would say that," he batted back. He hoped she read his somber demeanor as passion rather than the unexpected melancholy that assaulted him. Cinnamon had her job, he had his, and his could be a great deal of fun if only he could get himself in the mood.

Slipping her hand into his, Halia led him out of the ballroom, down corridors lined with stunning artwork and priceless tapestries, past what looked like a Roman bath with marble seats surrounded a sunken pool. Room after room of velvet cushions and diaphanous draperies caught Rollin's eye as they traversed another broad hall, turned up a spiral staircase and hid, giggling silently, in an alcove from one of Halia's own guards. Though she whispered that she wanted to be left alone by her too-vigilant attendants, he knew he had to be certain the guards followed them; keeping Halia's personal staff occupied was nearly as important to the mission as distracting the princess herself. Finally they made their way through a magnificently furnished antechamber into a suite dominated by an enormous platform bed.

"How is Mister Hand?" asked Halia, and Rollin almost jumped out of his skin, thinking she had somehow learned his real name. Then she laced her fingers through his, and he realized it was a joke. "Would you give me a massage?" she purred.

"With very great pleasure. Have you got any oil?"

"'Have I got?'" she mimicked lightly, in her inimitable Romanic accent. "I have an entire perfumery at my disposal. Would you prefer myrrh, frangipani, anise, sandalwood, neroli..."

"Neroli?" Rollin asked compulsively.

"Neroli it is." She moved gracefully across the room to an ornately carved vanity, topped by a gold-trimmed mirror. The drawers were filled with hundreds of bottles, perfume and cosmetics from all over the world. As Halia searched for the appropriate vial, Rollin recognized a familiarly shaped flagon.

"That's 'My Sin.'"

Halia turned an incredulous expression on him. "Oh, no. Do not tell me I have snared a 'My Sin' man."

"I -- I was just surprised to see it in your collection." Swallowing, he ordered himself to keep his mind on the mission.

But the princess seemed pleased to see him rattled. She picked out the bottle and opened it, dabbing a bit on her wrist. Then she sniffed it and scrunched her eyes and nose. "You capitalists really must learn something about perfume. Rowland, stop serving me stories about attending the Salzburg Festival and the Paris-Dakar Rally. I have been with European aristocrats all my life and I know you have not. Tell me about your oil wells and your movie star girlfriends."

"You've got me." Rollin grinned, seeing no choice but to play along. "I've hardly been to Europe except on business." That much at least was true -- once in a Strand production of 'Romeo and Juliet' and many times for the IMF. "My family has business interests in Texas, but I'm a New Yorker through and through. We're working on a deal with the sheik -- " He jerked his head in the direction of the door and the party downstairs, guessing she wouldn't care which, " -- but I'm a little out of my league here. I'm used to baseball players and Elizabeth Taylor's crowd, not royalty."

"Do you know Willie Mays?" she asked hopefully. Rollin shook his head no. "Hank Aaron?" He nodded -- he had gotten Hank Aaron's autograph awhile back, which ought to count. "Did you date Elizabeth Taylor?" At that, he smiled enigmatically. "Ah, a gentleman who will not kiss and tell. Is 'My Sin' a popular fragrance in Hollywood? I will have to send some perfume back with Miss Navarre. Perhaps it will improve your country's taste." Halia held up a bottle of oil. "Pure neroli. Very strong. Shall we mix it with palm oil or sweet almond?"

They mixed it with both, and chamomile, and rose and patchouli and something from China whose name Rollin didn't dare try to pronounce, in an antique stone bowl worth more than all the china, goblets, champagne flutes and candy dishes Rollin had owned or broken in his life. He gave Halia a long, slow massage that worshipped every part of her body, dragging it out as long as possible not only to stall for the mission but because even though she was stunningly beautiful, with smooth bronze skin and thick luxuriant hair and wonderfully firm breasts and belly for a woman with a teenage son, Rollin simply couldn't get in the mood for love.

It was odd, because the more she talked, the more he realized that he genuinely liked her. Halia had used all her resources to strengthen her country and keep the would-be-tyrants in her Parliament under control -- she had, she admitted freely, consorted with many ministers and foreign dignitaries to consolidate her power base, to protect her child and his legacy. After being with so many conniving men for the sake of her country, she didn't need Rollin to act suave or genteel -- she wanted to be with a relatively uncomplicated Yankee with no political agenda. When she told him that, as his hands worked the tension from her shoulders and the knots from her neck, Rollin felt guilty.

"You remind me of...someone I work with," he said cautiously. "She does a lot of compromising for our company, and I know it must take a toll on her but she never shows it. She manages to be charming and clever in every situation. I don't know how she does it."

"Let me know if you figure it out," Halia murmured, rolling to look at him. "It's nice to meet someone who understands. I have found myself in a difficult place -- I inherited from my husband a very dangerous situation, and I have no idea whom I can trust to defuse it." Realizing she was talking about the missiles, Rollin sat up straighter. "It is a source of power, but it also could destroy everything, for me and for my country. I must remain in control or terrible things may happen..."

Then abruptly she shook her head and sat up, putting her hands on Rollin's chest. "But you did not come up here to hear me talk politics, and I need a night of escape." Her lids lowered, giving her dark face an irresistibly sultry look -- she no longer reminded him of Audrey Hepburn, she made him think of Cleopatra. "Be with me, Rowland."

Inevitably she moved toward him. Rollin put Cinnamon's face out of his mind, said "Clark Gable" to himself, and kissed her. The princess draped one arm over his shoulder and tilted her head, exposing her neck, which he took to be a hint and began to nibble her elegant throat. Growling softly, Halia wound her fingers through his hair and scraped sharp fingernails across his back. She was wearing next to nothing, having taken most of her clothes off during his massage; Rollin took pride in how easily he could raise goosebumps along her tender skin, and how warmly she responded to his kisses.

But after a few minutes of increasingly heated foreplay, Halia suddenly stopped responding. Breathing hard, she pushed him back to stare at him in accusation. "You are showing off, not enjoying this. Why?"

Grinning, he tried to make light of it. "I've never been with a princess before. I'm nervous..."

"No, that is not true. Nothing about your touch is nervous. You are trying to stay in control. Is this just a conquest to you?"

"Of course not! Can't you tell I really like you?"

The moment the words were out of his mouth, Rollin felt like a complete idiot -- there were a million more erudite things he could have said, about how utterly charming he found her and how devastatingly attractive she was, how her elegance and sophistication intimidated him. Yet it must have been the right thing to say because the anger faded from her eyes. She regarded him curiously.

"Yes, I do believe you really like me. You would not be sitting there with a guilty expression on your face if you did not." Her eyes snapped in sudden fury. "You are working for someone, aren't you. You're a spy! Performing this Gregory Peck goofball routine to charm me, but you are not really interested in me at all, or at least you didn't expect to be. Now that you know I'm not Princess Halia the Nymphomaniac Whore, you feel badly about using me, so you can't make love to me like an empty-headed courtesan, but making love to me is not really why you're here in the first place..."

"Halia, that isn't true! I'm sorry -- I mean, Your Highness -- " Frantically Rollin stalled, groping for excuses. "Can you really see me as a spy? When you've been able to read me like a book all night?" Her expression revealed nothing. His heart pounded. He didn't dare try to pretend to be wildly infatuated with her at this point, but he needed to keep her talking, to keep her with him somehow, before he blew the entire mission for all of them. "If I seem a little distracted, it's because I haven't done this in a long time. You're the first woman in so long who's made me feel..." The look on Halia's face darkened. Rollin scrambled for a cover story. "Do you want me to be honest with you about myself? I'm sure it would bore you."

"It would be a very refreshing change to meet a man who was honest with me about himself," Halia snapped. "And spare me the fable about being the first woman to move you, or whatever you were about to claim. Do men think I am such a fool? My husband's family did not hold this throne for eight hundred years by living in ivory towers. I have been with dozens of the most powerful men in the world, heads of state and aristocrats. If you lie to me..."

Rollin knew instantly the tale he would have to tell. It wasn't the whole truth, but it wasn't really a fib, either. "All right. I won't lie to you. Halia, I find you very exciting and I was flattered when you let me flirt with you, but there's a woman from my past I haven't managed to forget, no matter how badly I want to. I feel like I'm...I don't know, like I'm not really a whole person anymore. It ended tragically, and now every time I meet a woman, I feel like I'm betraying her. I can't help myself. I wish I could stop. I wish I could be the man you deserve. I really do."

The princess sat very still. Whatever she had expected him to tell her, it was not this. "Who was she?"

"Someone I worked with. We both worked for -- my father."

"And she died?"

Rollin hesitated. "No." Stick close to the truth, he told himself. "I wanted her to run away with me but she wouldn't. What we had was against company policy. She decided that we had to end it, because the stakes were so high -- she wouldn't hear of it when I told her I would quit. I would have done anything for her, but she thought I would grow to resent her, and...she left me."

"What was her name?"

"Her name?" He tried frantically to think of something appropriate, knowing Halia was studying him, waiting to catch him in a lie. "Cin-- Cynthia."

The princess nodded suddenly, a rush of understanding on her face. "'My Sin'?"

"Exactly." So much for seduction. Now, Rollin thought grimly, he was going to have to hit Halia over the head with something to knock her out.

But as Halia's eyes disengaged from his, as she lay back on her bed with one arm behind her neck, she looked relaxed, pensive. "I had a true love, once. Before Icelus," she admitted.

"Really? Who was he?"

"He was a poor boy whose family owned a stall in the market. I met him on a shopping expedition with my parents one summer. My mother's maids always picked out the fabric for my dresses, so I would grow bored and wander." Halia smiled dreamily. "He was dark-skinned and very tall. His family could have been from Africa or India, I never learned. He would wait for me in the market and bring me things, beaded necklaces, sometimes the oils they use to make perfume. Myrrh. Neroli." Returning her smile, Rollin stretched out beside her on the bed. "My mother would get angry when she caught me talking to him. When she learned I had been sneaking out to see him, she was furious. She had sacrificed everything to send me to school in Switzerland, to send me to the right balls and parties. She sent me away to Monte Carlo, and by the time I got back, his family's stall was gone. I never learned what happened to him."

"I'm sorry."

"There's a man in the palace now. A staff member -- in an earlier era he would have been called a servant. He reminds me of the boy I loved. He works in the kitchen, and of all the staff he is the only one who has bothered to learn what I really like to eat -- not what I order for feasts, but what I crave late at night when I can't sleep. Sometimes after I have been entertaining some important foreigner, he brings a plate for me -- he knows what I will want, my comfort foods. He is also very tall, and dark-skinned, and he brings me gossip from the kitchen. He makes me laugh."

Halia turned suddenly onto her side, facing Rollin. "I suppose I could have him for the asking. But I would never ask. Do you understand? I could have him tonight, but I would lose him forever that way. I cannot be with him, I cannot make him my lover. I cannot take him to parties at my court. I cannot let the ministers know I have feelings for this man. I must be able to go on forging coalitions, protecting my son's legacy, taking responsibility for my husband's excesses."

"Why?"

"Surely you know Anchise is in a pivotal position, under pressure from the West and the Eastern Bloc, with the Middle East just south of us ready to explode if your government keeps meddling to protect its oil interests while the people suffer. There are some in my government who feel more comfortable forging alliances with the Iron Curtain despite the concentration camps they build for their own citizens. And there are those in Anchise who think only of their own interests, with the wealth and power to be had...I cannot afford to do the same, I cannot forget that I have my finger on the trigger..."

He reached out a sympathetic hand. Squeezing his fingers, she added, "I am glad you told me. I'm sorry not to be the woman of your dreams, but I would rather have a friend than another admirer. Rowland, I cannot leave my job, but if this woman means so much to you, maybe you should leave yours, of your own free will, without her asking, even if she says that is not what she wants for you. You have to be your own man."

If only Phelps had let him get to know her, thought Rollin, perhaps they could have negotiated with this woman instead of sneaking into her palace to disarm her warheads. But the IMF worked for the greater good, and hadn't had time to study the Princess of Anchise in detail. By now Barney and Willie would have reached the secret chamber, destroying Halia's secret weapon, and with it her political clout. Soon enough she would find out, and guess that her visitor had been sent to distract her -- to use her, like all the other men in her life, except the one she couldn't have. Just as he couldn't have Cinnamon...

A loud knock on the door of the chamber made them both jump. Halia's eyes narrowed. "I left specific orders that I did not want to be disturbed!"

"Then let's ignore them," pleaded Rollin with a sinking feeling in his gut. It would have to be something pretty important for her staff to disturb the princess -- something like finding strangers tampering with her nuclear arsenal. She looked tempted, but then she shook her head, rushing to one of her grand closets to pull on another gown.

"I want you to go back to the party," she told him as she dressed. "I will return for you if I can. If not, I will find you tomorrow. Take the back route to the end of the corridor, go down the staircase and turn left to the red carpet. From there you can find your way back to the ballroom." Quickly Halia pulled him to one of her closet doors, but it turned out to access a narrow hallway.

"At least let me come with you," pleaded Rollin. "Maybe I can protect you."

"That's very chivalrous but now is not the time. Later I will find you," she repeated, and urged him through, closing the door firmly behind her.