Naked on the Clothed Beach
by Nakedcraving

Woman Takes Off Her Suit On The Clothed Beach.

Her bikini was skin tight, as tiny as three small handkerchiefs, white that turned transparent when wet, and barely covering what wasn't legal to show.  She took it off just before she went into the water and casually tossed it to the sand, deciding to be naked whether or not it was allowed.   When she came out of the water twenty minutes later she picked up her tiny suit and walked naked up the beach toward the cliff, in the direction of her towel. 

She stretched out naked on her towel, ignoring the signs saying 'no nudity on the beach.'  She lay on her stomach, her bare bottom glistening with sun screen, brown with the tan she had from baring it so often.   When the lifeguard came to make her put her suit back on, she asked him what his name was.  

"Jason," he said, trying not to stare at her bare ass as it was exposed for him as he stood over her, and as fine of an ass he had seen in the flesh or even in a photograph in any men's magazine he'd ever seen.  

"Well, Jason, don't you like what you see?" she asked, shading her eyes to look up at him.  

"Yes, ma'am, I do," he said, making sure he was looking at her face.

"Well, look all you like, Jason.  I don't mind." 

Jason stood thinking what to say, then after not being able to come up with anything other than pleading with her to get dressed, he said goodbye and turned, returning to his tower.  He then got on the phone and said he had taken care of the indecent exposure on his beach, lying to his supervisor. 

"Good job," his captain said.  Jason hung up the phone and looked back in the direction of the woman without a suit.  She was still there, her lovely bottom still getting all his attention and dominating the view of the beach.  He could see the tiny suit on the corner of her towel, and he secretly hoped she would stay until his shift was over, and he hoped no one would make a complaint about the naked lady in his area.  He also hoped she would keep that suit on the towel beside her.

"Oh shit," he said as he saw her walking naked along the wet sand parallel to the water.  About two hundred yards from his tower, she sat on the sand, pulled her knees up, and looked out at the water.  He watched her with the binoculars for a while, enjoying the sight of her nakedness, savoring her figure in the sun. 

There were not many people in his section of the beach, and no one seemed to notice her or object.  Most of the men, he figured, enjoyed watching her as much as he did. Besides pleading with her to get dressed, he saw no solution to her naked stroll down the beach.  

She was gorgeous, and in reality he didn't want her to leave.  When she returned to her towel, he went back to her and asked her what her name was.  "Clarice," she told him.  "You work this deserted section of the beach often?" she asked.  He said it was not his usual assigned area, but it was isolated and easier. He didn't have to much, just watch the water. And the people, he thought.

"You know there is a nude beach not far from here," he told her.  She said she liked this one.

"Don't you like me naked?" she asked him.  He said he certainly did.  "Then why did you say to get dressed.

"Not everyone likes nudity," he said.  

"Those are up tight people," she said.  "They need to loosen up."  He agreed.  "Then you don't want me to put my suit back on?"

"I don't want you hassled," he said.  "If it were up to me, we all would go naked here."  She told him she agreed and was glad he felt that way.  "Do you live close?" he asked, feeling silly about the stupid pickup line.

"Very," she said.  "You could come to my house when you get off today."  He smiled and told her he would like to.  "I don't wear clothes at home," she added.  "We could go naked at my house.  Want to come today and get naked, maybe find other things to do as well," she said seductively.  

He nodded and thanked her.  "You're very polite," she said.  "I like that."  

When his shift was over he gathered his gear, locked up the tower, and walked over where she still stretched out naked on her towel.  "Want a lift?" he asked.

She had walked, so she accepted his offer and they drove to her apartment and she led him inside, then she again stripped off her suit and tossed it aside.  She put her arms around his neck and told him to get naked as well.  He obediently slipped his trunks off and put his hands around her waist.

"What should we do?" she asked.  Then without waiting for an answer she put her lips to his and kissed him long and hot.  She then took his growing erection in her hand and massaged it to full size.  "You seem enthusiastic," she said.

"I think you know what to do," she said, leading him to her bed.  She climbed on to her king sized bed and gestured for him to join her.  Jason knelt on the bed and positioned himself between her legs.  Without being coaxed, he placed his erect penis at her moist slit and slid it quickly into her.  

Clarice moaned and opened her legs for him, and then she pushed her hips against his.  His cock slid deep into her open and very wet vagina with no effort at all.  They fucked until the sun went down, then they dropped off to sleep.  Jason finished the day in the arms of the naked beach goer that made his day brighter, who had been totally okay with her nakedness and willing to spread some sunshine in his direction.   What a nice day at the beach for a dutiful lifeguard.
