Showing it all 

Ever since I was quite young I have loved to show my body to others. I suppose I was a born exhibitionist. As I developed and started to wear a bra I would 'accidentally' allow the top buttons of my dress to become undone, and bend over to expose my growing assets whenever I thought someone would notice. I also started to roll up the waistband of my skirt to expose more of my legs. At about the age of sixteen I started to experiment with leaving my knickers off when I went out in the evening or on my Saturday trip to the shopping centre. It felt so naughty strolling around knowing I had nothing under my short skirt. I often nipped into the toilets and removed my bra as well. My tits were by now well developed, and it was obvious to everyone that I was braless. Somehow this wasn't enough, I wanted to show more, but was a bit afraid to do so until one warm weekend when I bought a bus ticket to a nearby seaside resort. That morning I wore a short black skirt and button-up top with a white bra beneath. My mum would have had a fit if she had known I had no knickers on. Upon arrival at the seaside bus depot I headed for the toilets and removed my bra. I also rolled up the waistband of my skirt to make it even shorter until it barely covered the cheeks of my behind. Looking in the mirror, I wondered if I had gone too far, the slightest breeze would reveal my knickerless state. Taking a deep breath I ventured outside and headed for the shops. I wanted to buy myself a pair of sunglasses to complete my plan to expose myself. I rekoned that I would be able to watch the reactions of my victims without them being aware of it. Having found some sunglasses and put them on I next needed somewhere to display myself. Looking around I spied the ideal spot, a pavement café. Going inside I ordered a coffee and cake, saying that I would like to sit outside. I sat down at one of the vacant tables. As I did so my skirt rode up exposing all of my legs and possibly my pussy. I undid a couple of my top buttons as well. This was certainly noticed by the waiter who brought my coffee. He was certainly getting quite an eyeful of my tits. Once he had gone I removed the hand that I had placed in my lap to protect my modesty and opened my legs slightly while I waited for my first target, a young lad of about twenty. As he approached me I pretended to fumble in my handbag. Through my dark glasses I could see that he was looking straight at my legs. As he realised that I had no knickers on he stopped for a longer look. This was my cue, I managed to drop something from my bag onto the floor. Bending down to retrieve it I opened my legs much wider and also felt my tit pop out of my top exposing my hard little nipple to his gaze. I saw his mouth open wide in amazement at what he had just seen. I pretended not to know what had happened as I straightened myself and brought my legs back together. There was no doubt of the effect that it had on him judging by the large bulge in his shorts. I did this twice more before leaving the table, each time with much the same result. However, I was now getting extremely wet between my legs and as I walked toward the beach I could feel it beginning to dribble down my leg. This was really exciting, I was getting addicted. I wanted to flash even more. There was a small park close to the seafront. I thought that I would go there and sit on the grass for a while. Quite a number of people were in the park. As I strolled across the grass I saw a group of three young men sitting eating their lunch. They all looked at me as I went past. They could be my next target. I sat down quite close to them, but at an angle of about forty five degrees which meant that they couldn't see up my skirt, but could get a glimpse of my tits as I bent over to check the contents of my bag. All the time I was watching them through my glasses although they were unaware of it. I'm sure they were talking about what they could see although I was too far away to hear it. Now was the time to have a bit more fun. I laid out flat on my back on the grass, swivelling around as I did so until my feet were pointing directly at them. My legs were still tight together at this stage. I waited until one of them was looking directly at my legs, and then ever so slowly moved them slightly apart until it was possible to see my naked pussy. The lad was now openly staring at me, hardly able to believe what he was seeing. He nudged one of his companions and pointed toward me. All three of them were now looking. Pretending to be unaware of what I was showing I rolled over onto my face on the grass. As I did so my little skirt rode up a bit higher exposing my behind to them. My legs were still slightly apart giving them a perfect view of my now very wet slit. God! This was really turning me on, I felt as though I was on the verge of an orgasm without even touching myself. Eventually the three lads got up and moved away. Watching them I saw they all had sizeable bulges in their shorts. By now I really did desperately need to come, so it was back to the toilets again with yet more dribbles running down my legs. Once inside I pulled my skirt up around my waist and with just a few rubs I was coming like a steam train. This was one of the best orgasms that I had ever had. There was still some time to go before I had to catch the bus home so I decided to go to the beach. I hadn't brought a bikini with me so I decided to just sit on the sand by the sea wall. Again as I sat down everything was on show. Anyone passing could easily look down and see my tits or up my skirt. Again pretending not to know how much I was showing I leaned back against the wall and pretended to be asleep. It wasn't long before I noticed someone having a good look up my skirt. Still pretending to be asleep I changed my position slightly enabling him to get a better view. Assuring himself that I was sleeping he moved in closer and sat down on the sand directly in front of me, all the time staring up my skirt. My pussy was getting wet again. By now I was beginning to feel the need to pee. I hadn't been since I left home that morning. I was reluctant to go back to the toilets again. Then a thought struck me. Why not just pee where I was, pretending that I was doing it in my sleep. Shifting position again I moved my legs a bit further apart. The guy was still staring at my pussy as I began to pee. My bladder was really full so it shot out with quite a force, landing on the sand near my feet. My legs were getting soaked and so was the lower back of my skirt. Through my dark glasses I saw that this was all too much for the guy. With a sudden grimace he came in his shorts. I could see a dark stain spreading on the material as his spunk shot out. I was almost coming again myself. Several more times during the day I managed to 'accidentally' expose myself. I just seemed unable to stop doing it. To see someone realise that they were seeing up my skirt or down my top was turning into quite an addiction. All too soon it was time to catch the bus home. Upon reaching the bus depot I nipped into the toilet and put my bra back on. I had no knickers to put on and the back of my dress had dried off in the sun, although I smelled slightly of stale pee. I would quickly run upstairs and change before my mum saw me. This all happened about two years ago, but it has now become almost an obsession with me. I show myself off at every opportunity. I moved to a flat of my own about six months ago. Now I never wear bra's or knickers and my skirts hardly cover my bum cheeks.
