I couldn't help, but smile at him. For some reason, I felt more comfortable with him than I ever had before. Something told me that, though I had no memory what so ever of what happened here, something happened between Eric and I. I just didn't know quite what.

"Am I dreaming?" was my first question to him.

"Why would you think you were dreaming?" he asked in return.

I laughed slightly until the pain in my ribs forced me to stop. "Because you're in a hospital."

"What's so wrong about that?"

"A lot of things."

He made his way into the room, closing the door behind him. Then he came over to the bed and sat down as close to me as he could. He seemed to be moving closer and closer with each and every passing second.

I swallowed hard and decided to hurry up and talk, so that he'd back off. "I have Lacunar amnesia."

As I knew he would he curiously got out of my face, and sat up straight, listening intently. "And, what's that?"

"I have a gap in my memory. I don't remember anything that's happened in like two weeks or so. The last thing I actually remember is that night at Fangtasia when Drake killed that vampire. Other than that I feel like I didn't exist any more until now," I told him. Seeing as if I was really curious, I asked, "So, is there anything I should know? Did anything happen with us? Did we do anything that I should know about?"

He smirked his trademark smirk. "We did something alright."

I raised an eyebrow at him.

Without warning me he pushed the left side of my hospital gown down my shoulder until the top of my breast was showing. I looked down and gasped. There were still slight puncture wounds from where he apparently drank from me during the time that I don't remember.

Pulling the gown back up to cover me, I could only manage to say, "Oh."

We sat there in silence for a moment.

"It's a shame that I don't remember it," I told him with a smirk of my own, teasingly.

"We can always recreate it," he suggested.

"Ha! There are a few problems wrong with that."

"And, what are those?"

"One, we're in a hospital. Two, how do I even know we truly had sex. And, don't say that the almost completely faded puncture wounds on my breast are proof because if I know you, which I do, that bite could have been for numerous reasons. Three, recreating involves the same setting. I'm pretty sure a hospital room was not the setting of our supposed encounter."

He smirked at me and motioned his head towards the bathroom.

My eyes widened. "The bathroom?"

He laughed and answered, "You're one naughty girl, Selena."

"You can't honestly be implying that I orchestrated the whole ordeal?"

"You took my clothes off first."

I sat there without breathing a word for a moment before saying, "No, I still don't believe you. It's impossible. I refused to ever sleep with you. I told myself I wouldn't. There's no way I just slept with you...in a bathroom...for no reason."

"Suite yourself. You'll be in my dreams whether you believe or not."

"Someone's beginning to sound corny."

I thought about something for a moment, and then said, "Although, the bathroom setting..." I paused again afraid to admit what I was about to admit. I forced myself to finish, "It does sound like something I would do."

There was another silent moment between us.

All I could think about in that moment was taking a shower and getting clean, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to take one without help. I bit my bottom lip while contemplating whether or not I should ask Eric to help. I knew he'd most likely say yes. He'd do anything to see me naked.

After arguing with myself back and forth over the pros and cons of asking him for help, I decided I'd just wing it and ask him. Or maybe not. I looked down at my hands. Moments later I lifted my head back up to look at him. It wouldn't hurt anything.

"You've already seen me naked before that much I do know. So, would you be willing to help me take a shower?" I asked, choosing my words as carefully as possible. I don't think they came out as carefully as I wanted them to, but they got the question asked.

Instead of answering with words he stood up and held a hand out to me. Of course, that was his way of saying yes.

Carefully, I pushed the hospital covers off of me. Slowly, and I mean slowly, I swung my feet over the edge of the bed onto the floor where Eric was standing. Unfortunately, having stitches in both your neck and your stomach region would cause you pain whether you were careful or not.

I stayed sitting on the hospital bed with my legs over the side, and feet placed firmly on the floor for at least a minute. It took that long for a lot of the pain to die down. Eric patiently waited, believe it or not.

When most of the pain subsided I nodded at him, signaling that he could pull me up. With him pulling and me pushing up off the bed, I was standing in no time. The pain was also back, but I couldn't let it get in the way of me and my clean shower. There was just no way.

Inch by inch, I was slowly getting to the bathroom. Normally, I would of gotten frustrated and freaked out by now, but with Eric holding my hand I felt...unbelievably calm. I hate to admit it, but he seemed to bring the best out in me. That's exactly why what I have to say is going to be that much harder to say.

Once in the bathroom, Eric turned the water on for me. When it was at a reasonable temperature, I slowly pushed the left side of the hospital gown I was wearing down my arm, and then did the same with the right one. The gown fell off my arms and landed in front of me on the floor. Eric had stood at the front of the shower watching me the whole time.

Catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror, I gasped. My eyes widened when I noticed the stitches that the doctors had put in after surgery. As soon as I got back to Bon Temps, I would definitely be drinking a bottle of blood. Crap! Then that would clear up the fang marks on my neck, too. That wouldn't be good. No! I'd do one better! I'd heal my stomach myself and then leave the stitches in my neck be. That way no one would get suspicious. Oh, I'm a genius!

"It's doesn't look that bad," Eric told me.

"I'm healing it when I get home," I informed him bluntly. "I can not deal with this pain and needing to be escorted around any longer. Not even my broken fingers hurt as bad as this does," I said, emphasizing this while pointing to the stitches on my stomach.

I was so focused on the stitches and how disgusting they looked that I just barely noticed that Eric was now standing behind me, towering over me. I looked at him in the mirror. His eyes were on mine, and we stared at each other like that for some time.

"Come on, the water's getting cold," he said, taking my hand and leading me into the shower.

Once in the shower, I couldn't fight the urge that had been building up for some time now. I slowly turned around and although it was somewhat painful I stood on my tippy toes and threw an arm around Eric' neck pulling him closer to me. Our lips connected instantly.

I didn't plan on going any further than this with him. But, I needed to feel his lips on mine one more time before I dropped the bombshell that I was about to drop soon. I needed to get it off my chest, though, and I needed to do the right thing.

Jumping into bed with Eric like I wanted to would not be the right thing to do. Especially since I don't know if the encounter he says we had really happened or not. Until I got my memory back after this kiss going any further wouldn't be right.

Reluctantly, pulling away, I looked up into his eyes.

He looked down into mine. Seeing the look in my eyes, he asked, "What is it?"

I took a deep breath before answering, "Until my memory comes back...we have no future together."

I didn't care how corny that sounded. I needed to get it off my chest, and now I had. Like the saying goes, "If you ever want something badly, let it go. If it comes back to you, then it's yours forever. If it doesn't, then it was never yours to begin with."

Same applies to Eric and I. If we're meant to be together, then my memory will come back. If we aren't meant to be together, however; then my memory will never come back. It's as simple as that.