MM, TM


	Patty was at her desk, preparing todays calendar, when Mark walked in.
	Hello, Mr. Stevens, she said.
	Morning, Patty, he said.  Hows today look?
	She looked at the calendar on her screen and, while she was distracted, Mark took the opportunity to look her over.  
	Shed worn a silky, black blouse that was open enough for him to see the pale skin of the tops of her breasts.  Hed found out that Patty wasnt much of a tanning person, preferring to keep her skin a naturally pale shade that had been turning on Mark more and more over the last few weeks.
	He felt his cock hardening at the sight of her perfectly smooth skin.  He looked up in time to see her turning back to tell him his schedule for the day.  Not wanting her to see his growing erection, Mark walked towards his office and said, Come on in and tell me.
	Patty got up and gladly followed him into his office.  She knew that Mark worked out every day before work and she enjoyed seeing all of his hard work.  Her eyes locked onto the perfect swell of his ass cheeks behind his slacks and it was all she could do to not run up and just spank him.
	Patty took a deep breath and tried to calm the raging hormones running through her system but it was almost impossible.  She stopped before Marks desk and squeezed her legs together as tight as she could, trying her best to hide her arousal and the embarrassment it would cause if Mark saw.
	Mark sat down and slid his chair close to his desk, hiding his growing erection as quickly as he could.  Patty quickly gave him his list of morning appointments and Mark nodded and thanked her.
	It was all Patty could do to not run from the room. She needed to get away from him and get to the bathroom.  Mark watched her leave his office and felt his cock twitch in his pants.  The way her hips swung as she walked was intoxicating.  He reached down under his desk and rubbed his hard cock and wished he could just go to the bathroom and relieve his stress but he was at work and that wasnt going to happen.
	Patty hurried out of Marks office and to the ladies room.  She hurried into a stall and locked it behind her.  She unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.  She pulled her lacy, black panties down and let her hardening cock swing forward.  
	She glared down at her hard cock, hating the sight of it.  Shed been saving to fly to Europe and make the final change to become the woman shed always meant to be but money had been so tight lately it had been nearly impossible to set any aside.
	A single tear trickled down her cheek and she angrily swiped it away.  She stood in the stall, catching her breath and calming down enough to let her cock go flaccid again.  She tucked it back and pulled her clothes back on.
	She opened the door to the stall and walked over to the sink.  She made sure her makeup hadnt run from the tear before heading back to her desk.  Patty decided she would throw herself into her work for the rest of the day and maybe this day would hurry by.


*****



	The day didnt hurry by though.  Instead it seemed to drag on forever.  Patty was updating Marks contact list on his computer when he came back from his last meeting.  He tossed his suit jacket on the sofa in his office and shook his head.
	That good, huh? Patty asked.
	He barked a humorless laugh and said, We need to trim the fat from the budget but theres no damn fat left.  If we trim anything else well wind up turning off the power to save money.
	Patty laughed and said, Mr. Nesmith is on a tear again.
	Mark shook his head and said, Its ridiculous.  I swear one of these days Im just going to walk out of here and never come back.
	Patty put on a pouty expression and asked, And what would I do? Theyd probably fire me or, even worse, make me be Nesmiths secretary!
	Mark laughed and said, Id never let it come to that.  Id hit the ground on my feet and youd have a job five seconds later.  How would I get through life without you, Patty?
	A thrill of excitement ran through her body at his words.  If only she could show him how much those words really meant to her.
	He came over to his desk and watched while she put in the new contact list.  Patty had been acting a little funny today and Mark was getting a little worried.
	He put his hand on her shoulder, violating so many company policies all at once, and asked her, Patty, is something wrong?
	She looked up at him, trying to hold back the tears his concern had caused.  She gave him a small smile and said, Its nothing.  Just a weird day.
	He smiled at her and said, If theres anything you ever need to talk about, Im here if you need me.
	A tear slipped down her cheek as she stared up at this beautiful man.  Mark reached out and wiped the tear away.  His touch was like an electric shock against her skin and she had to bite her lip to keep from jumping.  
	He ran his fingers along her cheek, marveling at the smooth, silkiness of her skin.  She pressed her face against his fingers unable to resist the allure of his touch.
	Mark took a breath and leaned forward.  Pattys eyes went wide as Mark leaned close to her.  His lips touched hers, a soft kiss.  She pressed her mouth to his and touched her tongue to his lips.  Mark opened his mouth and slid his tongue along Pattys, something he had been dying to do since the day he met her.
	This kiss deepened and Mark pulled Patty up out of the chair and into his arms.  Patty pressed her body against his, enjoying the feel of his strong arms around her body.  Her leg rubbed between his legs and she could feel the hardness growing in his pants.  A hardness similar to the one growing under her skirt.
	Patty broke off the kiss and turned away from Mark, not sure what to do.  Mark, not knowing the terror suddenly running through Pattys mind, put his hands on her hips and pulled her body against his.
	Patty moaned as she felt his hard cock rub her ass through their clothes.  She pressed back against him, rubbing her ass against his cock.  Mark let out a low moan and slid his hand up Pattys stomach and onto her breast.  He cupped her small breasts and squeezed, making her moan.
	Mark kissed her neck, nuzzling his way up to her ear.  Patty reached back and slid her hand against his hard cock.  She stroked him softly through the material of his pants, wanting him naked now but what if he wanted her naked too?  There was no way she could hide her secret from him.  
	I want you so bad, Mark whispered in her ear.  He reached around her and unbuttoned her blouse.  He pulled her blouse off of her and let it fall to the floor.  He unclasped her bra and Patty shrugged it off.  
	After months of waiting, Marks hands eagerly explored her breasts.  He trailed his fingers along her cleavage and then across the tops of her breasts.  His fingers ran little circles around her nipples, getting closer and closer with every movement.  When his fingers brushed her nipples, Patty let out a low moan, needing more.
	He pinched her nipples and it was all Patty could do to keep from screaming.  His touch was so perfect.  He knew what to do right when she needed him to do it.
	With one hand teasing her nipple, Mark slid his hand down her firm stomach and between her legs.  His hand slid onto something long and hard and he froze.
	Patty, realizing what Mark was touching, pushed him away and turned to face him, her face on fire she was so embarrassed. 
	What What the hell? Mark asked.
	Tears spilled down Pattys cheeks as she tried to explain.
	I am a woman, Mark.  You have to understand
	Women dont have dicks! He snapped.
	Patty cringed at his tone. 
	I was born in a mans body but Im really a woman, she said.  All thats left is one operation and Ill finally be me.
	Mark stared at her, not sure what to think.  On the one hand she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen but, on the other, she was not a woman.  Standing there, seeing her so vulnerable and open, it was all he could do to not take her into his arms and make her feel better.
	Patty wiped the tears from her eyes and looked at Mark.  He knew and now he was going to hate her.  Plus he would probably tell HR and shed be out the door ten seconds later.  With a resigned sigh, she picked her bra and blouse up off the floor and covered herself.  
	Mark watched her, trying to reconcile the man he knew her to be with the woman hed been hitting on.  Hell, deep down he had to admit it had been more than just hitting on her.  He liked her.  She was fun to talk to and just be around.
	With her clothes in hand, Patty started to walk past Mark but he grabbed her arm.  She looked at him, afraid for a moment that he was going to get violent.  It had happened once before and it was one of the reasons Patty was so worried about anyone finding out about her.
	But the look on Marks face made it clear he wasnt thinking about violence.  He just looked confused.
	I dont understand this, he said.
	She smiled and said, Im a girl.  Ive always been a girl.  I played with dolls.  I wanted to talk and hang out with other girls.  I liked looking at the boys.  I liked dressing up.  I struggled with being a guy all my life until one day I realized Im not supposed to be a guy.  Im supposed to be a girl.  Thats when everything made sense and I got my life on track.  I started taking hormones and had a few surgeries, as you may have noticed.
	Mark couldnt help but laugh.
	You saw me checking you out?
	This time it was Pattys turn to laugh.
	Almost every day!  Youre not as sly as you think you are, mister!
	Mark laughed again and his eyes slipped towards her breasts.  She had covered her breasts with her shirt but even then hint of their curves was enough to excite him again.  It was all too confusing.  How could she be a guy?  She was so beautiful and it was all he could do to keep from pulling her back into his arms.
	Patty saw his eyes dip towards her chest and she felt a thrill run through her body.  
	Mark looked at her for a long time before he said, Youre still the most beautiful woman Ive ever seen.
	Pattys heart raced.  Did he actually mean that?  A tear slid down her cheek as she looked at him.
	Mark let go of her arm and wiped away the tear.  He couldnt stand to see those tears.  
	She rubbed her face against his hand.  It felt so good to have a man like him touch her.  She felt so safe and secure.
	I dont know what to do, he admitted to her.
	She smiled and said, Kiss me.
	He brought his lips to hers and their mouths met in a passionate kiss.  As they kissed, Patty dropped her blouse and bra.  She unbuttoned Marks shirt and he shrugged out of it.  She pulled him tight against her, feeling the heat of his skin on hers.
	She kissed his jaw and then down his neck.  She trailed a string of kisses down his strong chest before she knelt in front of him.  She slid her hand up and down the hard bulge in his slacks and looked up at him.
	How long have you wanted to see me where I am right now? She asked with a mischievous grin.
	He grinned back at her and said, Since the day I met you!
	She laughed and unclasped his belt.  She undid his pants and slid them down.  She pulled down his boxers and, finally, she had him naked in front of her.
	She slid her hands up his thighs, watching the look of anticipation on his face.  She wrapped her fingers around his shaft and he let out a low groan of pleasure.  She stroked him up and down, unable to hide her grin at the noises her was making.
	Mark looked down and watched as she brought his cock to her mouth.  Her soft lips wrapped around the head and she slowly slid his length into her mouth.  She slid up and down his length taking as much as she could with each thrust.
	Patty watched the look of abject pleasure cross Marks face.  Seeing that look on a lovers face was the ultimate turn on for her.  She slid his cock out of her mouth and said, I want you inside me.
	He looked down at her, not sure what to do.  Seeing his confusion, she smiled and stood up.  She turned her back to him and slipped out of her skirt and panties.  She stood with her legs spread, leaning over his desk.  She looked over her shoulder and said, I think you know what to do.
	Mark grinned at hr and stepped between her spread legs.  He pressed the head of his cock against her ass and pushed.
	Patty groaned as Marks cock began to push into her.  With slow, gentle thrusts he slid first the head of his cock and then the entire length into her.  He slid slowly in and out of her, feeling the tightness of her ass gripping his cock with each thrust.  He gripped her hips and thrust himself deep into her.
	Patty had to bite her lip to keep from screaming.  He felt so good inside her.  She reached between her legs and rubbed her hard cock, stroking it in rhythm with each of Marks thrusts.
	Mark slid his hand up from her hip and onto her breast.  He cupped her breast and squeezed it.  He teased her nipple and pinched it, making Patty gasp.  He slid his hand off of her breast and down her stomach.  With a shaking hand, he took her cock in his hand.  It felt wrong to be touching someone elses cock but something about it made him even more excited as well.
	Pattys entire body shuddered as Mark took her cock in his hand.  He stroked her and rubbed the head of her cock with his thumb, making her shudder again and clench her ass around his cock.
	Wait, Patty said, breathlessly.  I want to see your face.
	Mark eased out of her and Patty grabbed his hand and pulled her with him.  She lay down on the floor, pulling Mark with her.  She lay on her back and showed him how to lift her hips so he could be inside her again.  Pulling her into his lap he slid the length of his cock back into her tight ass.  They both groaned as he filled her.
	Patty took her cock in her hand and began to stroke herself.  Seeing her stroking herself excited Mark beyond words.  He began to thrust faster and harder into her.  
	Patty lay on her back, stroking herself while she toyed with her nipples.  Looking up at Mark and seeing the look of pleasure on his face while she felt the length of his cock inside her became too much for her.  With a high, keening cry she came.
	Mark watched as Pattys back arched and a spray of cum erupted from her cock.  Cum splashed onto her stomach again and again as she came.  The sight of it was almost too much for Mark.  He felt himself closing in on his orgasm faster and faster.
	Patty lay on her back, gasping and looking up at this beautiful man who made her feel so good. She ran her fingers through the cum on her stomach and brought them to her mouth.  Watching his face, she slowly licked the cum off of her fingers.
	The sight of her licking off her own cum sent Mark over the edge.  With a hard thrust Mark came deep in Pattys ass.  His cock pulsed again and again as he filled her tight ass with his cum.  
	He collapsed on top of her, his heart feeling like it was going to explode in his chest.  Patty wrapped her arms around him and held him against her.  She planted little kisses all over his face and a longer, lingering one on his mouth.
	Mark leaned back and looked at her.  He wasnt sure what to do now.  Nothing like this had ever happened to him before.
	Patty could see the look of confusion on his face so she said, Im going to get up and go to the ladies room.  Well work the rest of the day and then see what happens tomorrow, okay?
	Mark nodded and rolled off of her.  He lay on his back and watched her get up.  His eyes explored every inch of her body as she put her clothes back on. 
	Once she was dressed, she came back over and knelt down next to him, planting another long kiss on his lips.
	She pulled back and smiled at him.
	You might want to get dressed, she said.  You do have another meeting today.
	He groaned and said, Cant I just skip it?
	Nope, she said, sauntering towards the door.
	Mark watched her go.  He wasnt sure what was going to happen next but he was sure it was going to be interesting. 
