It'd been a long time since I had sex. 

My wife and I have been married for over 10 years and usually had sex regularly. At least every other day, sometimes several times a day.  Ann used to have a fantastic body. We met when we were both in college and hit it off right away. She is very petite.  5'2" about, 105 pounds, long brunette hair down to the middle of her back, and a figure to kill. She worked on her figure constantly, starting every day in the gym.  Her hard work had definitely paid off.  Her body was perfectly toned with a flat stomach, tight firm ass, and the most beautiful C-cup breasts that I had ever laid my hands on.  Before I met Ann, I had slept around and had been with many women.  Once I met Ann, I knew she was the woman for me and I had never strayed.  Sex between us was great.  She loved riding me and we would often try new positions.  My only complaints, if any, was that she hated giving me a blow job and would only do so when she was on the rag and that she would never try anal, something I had never done but really wanted to try.

As I said we had a great sex life. Ann was on the pill for the first five years of our marriage; until we were ready to start a family.  But after almost 5 years of trying, we had almost given up hope.  I was pretty sure the problem was her and not me.  I even jacked off in cup to prove that I was as fertile as they cum.  Fortunately Ann's parents are very wealthy and offered to help us try fertility treatments.  The docs decided to put Ann on some sort of shot to help us get pregnant.  I had heard all of the nightmares about the mood swings and irritability but for us that wasn't an issue.  I actually enjoyed giving Ann the shots, and she was in a constant state of arousal.  I would come home from work and she would jump my bones. We had sex every night when I got home, before going to bed, and again in the morning. 

Ann's periods have always been very regular.  I even even remember her telling me with some disappointment that she would be on the rag for her birthday, several weeks before her birthday. When her 37th birthday came, and her period didn't, we were both excited and nervous. That night we went to the drugstore together and bought an EPT. Sure enough we were going to become parents.

Things went well early on.  She had very minor morning sickness and was as horny as ever.  I loved watching her body change.  The first thing I noticed was her tits becoming more sensitive and increasing in firmness and size.  We continued to make love constantly.  I think the sex was even better because we no longer had the stress of trying to get pregnant.  A few weeks in, we discovered that we were going to have twins.

Then the bottom fell out.  Ann was about 20 weeks along, when one night she wasn't in the mood.  I knew that was a bad sign.  She woke up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat and was having labor pains.  I knew it was too early and I was in a total panic as I drove her to the hospital.  Fortunately, the docs were able to stop things.  However, they said she was having multiple complications.  They put her on total bed rest, and worse of all, said no sex!  I was a dutiful husband.  Every morning I brought her breakfast in bed and prepared her lunch before leaving for the office.  As for the no sex rule, I started taking a lot of cold showers and jacked off regularly for the first time since high school.  But I loved Ann and promised her I would remain faithful.  Ann tried to help out with the occasional blow job, but something about the pregnancy had made her gag reflex really bad and she couldn't even take me in.

The doctors scheduled a C-Section for the 34th week and we hoped that Ann would make it that far along.  Meanwhile her parents offered to hire a nanny for us when the babies were born.  I was invited to help interview the candidates, but instead left that up to Ann and her mom.  Ann told me that they had the perfect woman, a 20 year old nursing student at the local community college.  She had one semester left to go, but was taking the summer off anyways.  Ann said she was perfect, and I trusted Ann.  I was told that Ann's mom would arrange everything and the Nanny, Lynn, would move in the day Ann got out of the hospital and be with us for two months.

Ann could not stand what was happening to her formerly perfect body.  All that hard work at the gym, and now, in her words, she looked like a beached white whale.  And the very thought of a C-Section was terrifying her.  However, her curves growing belly, and now huge tits turned me on beyond belief.  Though she had no energy to do anything, every couple of nights, she would let me cum all over her tits and face.  I would stand next to her naked body by the side of the bed and caress her breasts while I jacked off.  She would massage my balls, pulling on my ball sack as I stroked my 8 1/2 inch dick ever so slowly.  I would sometimes slap it against her large brown nipples and she would moan in pleasure.  Then once I came, it was my job to make sure she was cleaned up.  A few times, I even licked her off and then gave her a long passionate kiss and we shared my jizz between us.

One night, Ann awoke with a scream.  She was having pains again and thought she was in labor.  We were a little over 32 weeks.  I rushed her to the hospital.  Almost as soon as we arrived, out popped Andrew.  He was premature at  3 lbs 7 oz, but they thought he would be alright.  They whisked him away to put him on oxygen.  Ann thought she had escaped the dreaded C-Section.  But where was the second one?  Ann was in heavy and hard labor for a couple of hours.  Finally,  the Doctor said the second one was breech and he would have to try to turn it around.  After an hour of labor, they decided to do a C-Section to bring out the baby.  They rushed Ann into surgery and pulled 3 lb 10 oz Amy out.  However, Ann had lost a lot of blood and would be in the hospital at least week.  And so were the twins.  They quickly moved from the ICU to regular nursery and despite their size did well.

The day before Ann was to come home, my mother-in-law called me at the office to let me know that she had moved Lynn in and that she would be home when I got home.  That night, I went straight from work to the hospital to spend time with Ann and the kids.  I left at 9:00 and headed home.

As I walked in the front door I could hear the TV on in the family room. I shouted, "Hello Lynn I'm home." A very young woman greeted me in the hall, "Hi you must be Steve." She looked like she was about 17 but I knew she was 20. I must've stared at her face for a long time because all of a sudden she said, "are you okay?" "Sorry, I'm just really tired," I responded. The truth was I could not believe how much this girl look like Ann. Her facial features were so similar yet different. Like Ann she had long straight hair down the middle of her back, but Lynn was a redhead. Her eyes and nose were the exact same shape.  But, where Ann's eyes were brown Lynn's eyes were blue.  They were both about the same height and had the same perfectly shaped mouth with pouty little red lips. Though their figures were very similar, Lynn was smaller on top and still had some baby fat around the middle. She was wearing loose pajama bottoms and a baggy T-shirt clearly with no bra. My mind wandered to what Ann would have looked like before I had met her, because I was sure it was something like this.

I told Lynn I was going to get something to drink and asked her if she wanted anything. She went back to the family room turned off the TV and I joined her there a few minutes later with two beers. We chatted for awhile about her expectations of the job, rules of the house, and her background. 

Lynn had broken up with her boyfriend a few months earlier and moved back into her parents house. She couldn't stand being back with her parents which was why this job seemed so perfect. I tried to keep the conversation serious and businesslike, but Lynn seemed to be flirting with me. She had a habit of leaning forward while talking allowing me unfettered views of her firm breasts down the neck of her shirt. I think I also caught her staring at the involuntary bulge in my pants. At about midnight I said good night and headed up to my bedroom.

I tried to go to sleep. But all I could think of was Lynn. My dick was painfully hard and stretching my boxer briefs the max. I definitely thought about walking down to the guest bedroom and throwing myself at Lynn. I was sure she wanted it.  After several months not having sex all I could think about was how warm wet and tight her young pussy would be. But I knew I couldn't. I couldn't cheat and I couldn't do that to Ann. Instead I started jacking off. Slowly rubbing my dick up-and-down while my left hand rubbed my stomach and my chest. After a few minutes I switched to just massaging my balls. Then using my own saliva for lubricant I started faster and faster paying special attention to my cock head. I could not believe how hard I was breathing and how fast my heart was beating.  It felt so good. When I finally came it was unlike I had ever cum before. My whole body spasmed as my dick shot out wad after wad.  Some even landed on my chin. I laid there, spent, and out of breath. Finally I got up to get some tissues to clean off. As I stood up I felt dizzy and I could feel my legs start to buckle. I cleaned up and went back to bed and fell sound asleep.

The next morning I picked Ann and the twins up from the Hospital.  As soon as we walked in the door, I realized how much of a help Lynn was going to be.  She fed the twins, rushed to their every need, changed every diaper.  It was a godsend for Ann, who was so tired and exhausted that all she could do was sleep.

Over the next few days, Ann tried pleasing me.  But she was very weak and tired. She occasionally started a hand job, but found herself to weak to finish me off.  We did however cuddle a lot, but my mind kept turning to Lynn.

Lynn, it turns out was a major tease.  Not only did she wear skimpy and revealing clothing around the house, but it felt like she was constantly flirting with me.  One night, I got up from bed to look in on the twins when I found Lynn in the bathroom. She had left the door ajar and was standing with one leg on the toilet shaving her pussy.  Ann never shaved her pussy.  I found myself staring as Lynn gently pulled her labia aside and ran the razor over it.  I had not seen a smooth pussy since I was in High School and dated the star of the Swim Team.  Lynn's pussy lips were beautiful.  She had just the right amount of baby fat on them and they closed all the way when she was not pulling at them, revealing just a slit. I am not sure how long I was watching, when Ann, without even turning around, looked at me in the mirror and said, "I could use some help, I can never see everything in the mirror and alway miss a spot."  "Um, sorry, I stammered."  I think I was bright red.  She turned and looked at me, standing there completely naked.  "Sorry, if I embarrassed you."  Wow, her body was beautiful.  Her breasts were high and firm, looking like perfect half grapefruits.  Her areolas were small and highlighted her hard nipples.  And her stomach was just a little bit paunchy, giving her an innocent sweet look.  I backed away.  I am sure she could see the huge tent in my pajamas.  I never even looked in on the twins, I retreated to my room, headed to my bathroom and jacked off.  I barely touched my dick, when I exploded hot cum all over the bathroom sink.

I don't know how I survived those first few weeks.  Ann was doing better, but for the first time in her life, had no sex drive.  She constantly apologized to me and I would hold her as she fell asleep letting her know that it was alright.  And to make matters worse, Lynn kept teasing me.  After Ann fell asleep each night, if I was up and about, Lynn would be walking around in skimpy pajamas, or even worse, lingerie.  One night, I couldn't sleep so  I went downstairs to see if anything was on TV.  As I approached the Family Room, I could hear that the TV was already on.  I peeked in, trying not to be noticed.  There on the couch was Lynn.  On the TV was one of those softcore pornos that HBO has on late at night.  Lynn had her shirt up over her tits and was rubbing them.  I watched as she brought her fingers to her mouth and then very slowly and gently swirled them around her nipples.  I backed away, hoping she had not seen me.  I thought I had made a safe escape, but the next morning, as I was drinking my coffee, Lynn said to Ann, "wow there are some weird things on HBO in the middle of the night."  I almost spit out my coffee.

About a week later I was on a huge deadline at my office. I knew I would not be home that night and let Ann know. I originally anticipated pulling an allnighter, but we finished quicker than I anticipated. At about 3am I headed home. I pulled into the garage and walked into the house, As I approached the family room my jaw almost dropped. There was Lynn, naked as the day she was born,watching porn and ramming but huge virbrator in and out of her pussy. She was moaning and I could see her other hand playing with her clit. I could see how wet she was and how swollen her clit had become. From where I was standing in the kitchen I don't think she saw me.  Behind the kitchen counter I started rubbing my dick through my pants. We both came at almost the same time. As soon as I had regained my composure I backed over to the garage door and slammed it to get her attention. "Hello, Lynn is that you?" I shouted out.  As I walk over to the family room she quickly cover herself with an Afghan and changed the channel on the TV. What are you doing up, I asked. "Oh, I had to change Amy and couldn't fall back to sleep" I said goodbye to her and headed upstairs. I hoped that she did not notice the wet spot in my pants in the dark.  And, I am sure she was hoping I did not smell the very obvious odor of her sex. 

Since my project was done I got to sleep in and stay home the next day. It was Lynn's day off so Ann and I had some rare time alone. Well, as alone as you can be with two newborn twins in the house. I asked Ann what she thought of Lynn. She loved having her around. Lynn was serving her every need and taking care of the babies. Best of all, she said, she had someone she could talk "girl" stuff with. I hope she's taking care of your needs as well, Ann asked. "My needs?" I stammered. "Yes, I hope she's doing whatever you need her to do as well. She's here for both of us," Ann said. "Don't you think she's a bit, well, overtly sexual at times?" I asked. "No, that's how young kids are today," she replied. 

That afternoon, Ann and I fooled around a little bit. She tried sucking me off but her gag reflex was just way too much. She did give me a hand job and let me finish by fucking her titties. When it took me a little longer to finish than usual, she remarked that "her naughty boy must be playing with himself."  I came all over her face and she took her finger and wiped it into her mouth.  "Yum, I can't wait until I can down that big boy again," she commented.

A few more weeks went by.  The sexual tension in the house was unbearable -- well at least to me.  Ann seemed oblivious to it.  Finally the night before my birthday, it all came to a head.  I was in the family room watching a ball game.  Ann was upstairs reading.  Lynn had just put the twins in bed and sauntered into the Family Room wearing a Victoria's Secret nighty.  The top was sheer, displaying her breasts for the world.  I could see every inch of her breasts, topped off with those luscious hard nipples.  The top also extended down to mid thigh. But I could tell that the underwear she was wearing was crotchless with lots of lace.    She walked right up to me, straddled my lap and whispered in my ear.  "Steve, I know you want me.  I am all yours."  She placed both of her hands on my crotch and started massaging me through my pants.  I was speechless.  "Wow, you are big," she remarked.  I pushed her off of me.  I looked her straight in the eyes, "Lynn, I am a married man.  I am faithful to my wife.  I can't do this."  I blurted out.   "Come, on, I have seen the way you have looked at me. You know you want it," she pleaded.  I knew that if I stayed there one more minute, I might lose all of my will power.  I grabbed my keys off the counter and shouted upstairs, as loud as I could, "Ann, I have to run to the office for something."  As I stormed out of the house, I could hear the twins start crying.  My screams must have woken them up.

I was in a cold sweat as I drove to the office.  Luckily there was no one there was there when I arrived.  I let myself in, stormed to my office, and locked the door.  It took me a few minutes to gain my composure.  By the time my computer was turned on, I was feeling better, but was still very horny.  I decided to check out some online porn.  I went to my favorite site and looked for college co-eds. I soon found myself looking at a girl who looked just like Lynn.  It was a an interview porno, one of those where the girl thinks she is auditioning for a the adult sex industry.  The blond girl said she was 5'5", had C size breasts.  When asked if they were all natural, she blushed and did not answer.Usually, I do not like tats or piercings, but for some reason, her tatoo of a an arrow pointing towards her pussy, was very erotic   Her pussy was shaved.  Watching her strip and answer questions turned me on even more.  I was stroking myself furiously.  The "host" asked her to give him a blow job.  She gulped his cock so fast, I thought she was going to choke.  He wasn't very large, maybe 6 inches, but she took him all in.  I could see the outline of his cock deep in her throat.  As she pulled all the way off, she swirled her head around his tip to give him even more pleasure.  I started a similar motion with my hand, just on the tip of my dick.  He came in her mouth and told her not to swallow.  After he pulled out, he asked her to show what was in her mouth, she opened wide showing a mouth full of cum and then, like a trooper, she swallowed it all.  Then he asked her to lay on his desk.  He fucked her from the edge of the desk while playing with her clit.  That sent me over the edge.  I started cumming all over my belly and pants.  But I didn't get soft, despite all of the cum on my hands, I kept stroking my still rock hard cock.  Soon, the host in the video got tired of fucking the girl's cunt.  He asked her to roll over and grabbed some lube from the drawer.  He asked her if she had ever done anal, she hadn't.  But that didn't stop him, he started entering her rear slowly.  This was a fantasy of mine, as Ann would never let me do it to her.  One of the cameras was on the girl's face and she was in obvious pain.  He kept pushing forward.  She was crying now, and begging him to stop.  He did, rolled her over, and took his dick right from her ass and put it back in her cunt.  He continued to fuck her, this time hard.  Finally, with a grunt he came inside of her.  I was getting close myself to a double orgasm.  I had had multiple orgasms before, but not recently.  The host, asked the girl to push his cum out and she did.  That sent me over the top.  I came yet again.  As I started to clean myself up, I heard the host ask the girl what kind of birth control she was on, she wasn't on any.  "You'll get the morning after pill right," he asked, as the video came to an end.  I just leaned back in my chair and fell asleep.  A little while later, I prayed no one was in the office as I snuck to the bathroom to wash off, my pants around my knees.

I returned home around 2 a.m.  I was kind of noisy coming in to make sure Lynn would hear me if she were up to no good in the family room.  I snuck into bed, exhausted.

I am not sure how long I slept.  I awoke to every man's fantasy. I could feel luscious lips and a warm wet mouth engulfing my cock. I wasn't sure if it was real or if it was a dream. I still had my pajamas on and I could feel hands wrapped around my balls with only my cock coming-out of my pajama fly. "Oh, Ann," I moaned, "This feels so wonderful." "Happy birthday Steve, I wanted to give you a very special birthday present," Ann replied. It took me a few seconds to realize that Ann could not have said that and have my cock balls-deep in her throat at the same time. Before I could react Ann was deeply french kissing me her hands all over my chest. The feeling of Ann's breasts rubbing against my chest while my dick was in someone else's throat caused me to come with an out of body experience. My whole body shook and quivered as I shot load after load down her throat.  As I lie there, barely able to catch my breath, Ann climbed off of me and in the dark I could hear what sounded amazingly like french kissing.

As I regain my strength the three of us lay in the bed together. "Did you enjoy that?" Ann asked. I didn't know if there was a right answer to the question. "I'm really confused," I replied. "I told you that Lynn was there for your every need," Ann said. "Because you're too damn faithful, you kept resisting her." Lynn started laughing at this comment. "It was my idea," said Lynn. "When you ran off last night, Ann and I had a long talk. I told her that you wouldn't cheat on her. Bit if she were there it isn't cheating, right?"  "It's Your birthday, Steve, and I want to enjoy yourself, Ann pleaded. "Lynn is my surrogate, She will do for you whatever you would want me to do for you." 

I didn't say anything. Both women were laying on either side of me. We were all on our backs. I reached out with both hands and started fondling their clits. What a contrast. My left hand, was running through Ann's pubic hair and I was easily able to find her large meaty clit. The smoothness of skin under my right hand was a totally different sensation.  Lynn's clit was much smaller in comparison and she was much wetter than Ann. I was much more gentle with Ann since I was worried about her physical condition. My fingers entered Lynn's pussy. She was very tight and warm and wet. Both women were breathing heavily, just a beat apart. The sounds they made were also very different. Ann was moaning, a deep guttural moan.  Lynn was squealing almost like a cat, each "ohhhh ohhhh ohhhh" sounded like a meow. They were both close to coming when I stopped. What's wrong they said in unison. "I want to taste the difference" I replied. I Brought both hands to my mouth separately. Ann's pussy juice smelled more musky. Not unpleasant mind you, but more womanly. Her taste was more on the salty side. Lynn's odor was stronger and more detectable. Her juice was sweeter, But at the same time a little sour or pungent. "So who do you like better? Ann asked. Without even thinking, I replied "that's a loaded question that I will never answer." Lynn interjected "I was so close you can't leave me like that." 

I pulled Lynn on top of me so she was straddling my face and began to eat her out.  As my tongue probed her pussy, I enjoyed the smooth surface of her meticulously shaved lips.  Suddenly I felt Ann licking my dick and balls.  I was in heaven.  Ann was especially fond of playing with my testicles, and she was tea bagging them while stroking me.  Meanwhile, keeping Lynn on me was a challenge.  She was bucking and swaying.  She came a few times and drenched my mouth and chin with her juices.  Finally, Lynn begged me to stop.  "I want to feel you inside of me," she said.  "Steve you are much bigger than anyone I have ever been with, and I need to feel you filling me."  Ann started to laugh, "I guess I am so used to you, I take your size for granted."  "By the way, it was so weird tasting another woman on your dick, but I think I enjoyed it," she commented.

I swung Lynn around so she was straddling me. She slowly impaled  herself upon my member. I couldn't remember being in someone who was so tight. As she slowly rode me, I started sucking at her breasts. I paid a lot of attention her nipples, nibbling and sucking on each one in turn. Meanwhile Ann rolled over and was nibbling, teabagging, and playing with my balls. I don't know how long we went on like this, but after awhile I decided to play with Lynn's clit.  I had barely touched her when she shouted out "oh my God, oh my God." Her whole body shuttered, her vagina clamped down on my dick like a vice, and then she let go of a ton of liquid. I felt it my balls and the whole bed get drenched.  I came too. We all rolled over in a heap. "Lynn, You're squirter?" Said Ann. "I don't know what happened to me, that's never happened before," said Lynn.  "Well, I got quite a mouthful while I was sucking Steve's balls" Ann noted. 

"Lynn, have you ever been with another woman?" Ann asked.  "I experimented a little bit college," Lynn replied.  "I have always wanted to know what another woman tasted like, but have always been afraid to try anything," Ann said.  Without replying, Lynn pulled Ann's face into her crotch.  Watching my wife eat my seed from another woman's pussy instantly restored my erection.  I watch a lot of girl on girl porn, but I had never seen anything like this.  It was such a turn on.  Ann was very tentative at first, licking just on the outside of Lynn's labia.  But once she saw and heard Lynn's reaction, she starting getting more aggressive and faster.  I loved watching, but didn't like being left out.  So I did what came naturally, I started eating Ann out.  I hadn't done that since she was put on bedrest and I could tell by the way she reacted that she was enjoying it.  It didn't take long before she was cumming hard.  Lynn soon followed.  Again, we were all laying in a heap on the bed trying to catch our breath.

"Look, Ann, your poor husband is still hard," Lynn noted a few minutes later.  "I guess he didn't do anything to relieve himself while we were having all the fun,"  Ann replied.  "Do you have any energy left?" Lynn asked me.  "I might," I responded.  "Ann has told me about something you have always wanted to do.  I'll be right back."  And with that, Lynn jumped out of bed and scooted out of our room.

It was the first time Ann and I had been alone all night.  "Are you ok with all of this?" I asked.  "I wouldn't have suggested it if I wasn't. Steve, its your birthday and I want to please you.  If I can't do it myself, I will make sure it gets done." Ann replied, adding, with a smirk, "and I am enjoying it too."  "I love you so much," I said as I gave her a big bear hug.

Just then Lynn returned with a bottle of lube and a vibrator.  "What are those for," I asked with a grin.  "Oh, you'll see.  Now just follow my directions."  She placed Ann on the bed and put a pillow under her ass.  She then straddled the bed, with her feet on the ground.    "Steve, Ann told me you have always wanted to try anal.  I have never done it with a guy as big as you, so use lots of lube and please go very slowly."  I didn't know how to respond.  I jumped to my feet and stammered, "OK."  Lynn handed me the vibrator and lube.  "What's the vibrator for?"  I asked.  "Turn it on and put it in my pussy," she responded.  I slowly put the vibrator in her pussy and then lubed my cock well.  As she straddled the bed, she started to eat out Ann.  I pulled Lynn's but cheeks apart, and slowly pushed my way forward. It was so warm and tight.  As soon as I got past her sphincter, I could feel the movement of the vibrator from her pussy radiating in her anus.  I started slowly going in and out. I could hear her moaning that high pitched cat squeal again.  The tightness of her butt threatened to push me over the edge quickly.  Several times, I felt my balls tighten and was sure I was going to cum, but didn't.  Since I had lost count of how many times I had cum that night, maybe there wasn't anything left.  I kept thrusting, very slowly.  My hands reached around Lynn and played with her breasts.  I could tell from her squeals that she was close to cumming.  But it was Ann who came first.  With a loud moan, she came hard.  That set off a chain reaction, and Lynn started cumming too.  She was squeezing her butt cheeks together as she came, which set me off as well.  Wow, it was amazing.  As we all came down from our highs, I practically fell across Lynn's back.  As I started to finally shrink, I watched her ass as I pulled out, my white cum mixed with a little shit was both gross and erotic at the same time.  The women lay down on the bed and I went to the bathroom to wash off.

As soon as I was done, I heard the twins crying.  I realized that somehow they had slept through all the noise we made.  Now it was 7 a.m., their normal wake up time.  I volunteered to take care of them.  I went into their room, changed their diapers, grabbed two bottles of formula and brought them back into our room.  I realized it was the first time I had been naked around them.  I handed Andrew to Lynn to feed.  Ann asked for Amy.  I laid down between them and immediately fell asleep.  A couple of hours later I woke up to find Andrew laying on Lynn's naked breasts on my left, and Amy laying on Ann's naked breasts on my right.  As I sat there, I realized how truly lucky I was.  What a great birthday!

