Tomboy
by lindasuedavis1
Copyright© 2023 by lindasuedavis1

When I was young, I had a cousin that was quite a tomboy. She was pretty enough, but she preferred to play with the boys more than she did with the boys. She would play sports with them and like most boys there was always a shirts and skins team. Naturally, which ever team she was on was the shirts side, but I often wondered why, since when she started playing, she was just as flat as any of the boys. So this is a take off from that.

Becky was just 5 when I can remember her starting to play sports with the boys. Once in a while she would be on the skins team. It was nothing to be concerned about for her or even her parents who occassionally saw her playing. Like most girls she played like a girl, but she got better as she grew. By the time she reached puberty which for her was 14, she was as good as many of the boys, and better than most. She was also well liked and most often chosen first. Unlike in the earlier years, they now had rules to guide which team would be skins and shirts. The first team to choose was skins. So more often than not she was a skin. Her parents were a little more concerned, but since she had been playing with these guys for so long, they didn’t interfere. And after all, there were no laws against grown women being topless anymore.

When playing baseball, there was no contact. That was safe enough too. It was also warm when they played baseball, so playing topless wasn’t a problem from that standpoint, and was indeed cooler so she could play harder, but she did learn early on that she needed to use sun screen. She applied it to her own front, but accepted help from her team mates to do her back. This created a problem if the guy had a girlfriend, but that was solved by getting the nerdiest guys to do it for her.

Playing basketball was done when it was cooler, but it was much more physically active, so it still didn’t create a problem with the cooler weather. There was slightly more physical contact, but nothing that outraged anyone. Sure, someone might touch her somewhere that would be considered sexual under other curcumstances, but it was not different than with others. Even girls playing other girls had similar touches, but ofcouse they were all dressed. Sometimes she wondered why girls had no trouble remembering who was on which team, but boys need the difference in dress to determine which was which team. She was an excellent ball handler, and often drove the lane. She was fouled often. Mostly on the arms, but an occassional hand would land on a breast. If a guy was caught touching her breast intenionally, she was awarded 3 shots from the free throw line regardless if she was shooting or not. This was a rule well monitered by the rest of us girls. There was a fellow punishment for those guys, but it wasn’t part of the game. And only us girls knew about it’s existence. Those guys couldn’t get a kiss for 2 months.

Football was a little different, most often it was played in much colder weather, and ofcourse even with two hand touch there was a lot more physical contct. Most of the guys had gotten shoulder pads and Becky was no different. They did conceal her breast some what, but also afforded some warmth. Touching was not as easily judged as intentionally. Therefore she seemed more likely to be touched more sexually, but nothing she couldn’t handle. In fact it was about this time that she decided she liked being touched in certain places by some, if not all the guys.

She was trusted more by the boys than any of the other girls, which led to her being invited to places that other girls didn’t know about. One of these was a swimming party for just the guys, with her being considered one of them. It actually turned into a skinny dip party. That was the first time she got fully naked with the boys. The boy’s Mom whose house the party was at saw her, and told her son that she thought they should call the party over, but they all protested, including Becky, and she let them continue. When Becky’s Dad came to pick her up, the Mom mentioned it to him, but he reassured her he didn’t think it was a problem. Becky was his Princess after all and could do no wrong in his eyes.

Seeing all her team mates nude had been exciting to Becky. After that she ventured to do some of her own groping of some of their anatomy herself when ever she could get away with it. When the rest of us girls learned about the pool parties, we wanted to join them, not knowing they were skinny dip parties, and were told they were for players only. A few of the girls started playing, but the first time their team were skins, they quit. None of the other girls were comfortable going topless. A few did get groped, but only by their boyfriends. Even some that hadn’t gone that far before. Most of us tried that at one time or another. That was exciting. It was like we were getting away withh something right in front of everyone.

Eventually when Becky turned 18, she started dating the team captain that had chosen her first most often during all the years, and eventually found other games she liked playing more. The kind that most of us don’t play with an audience, though, I did learn that Becky often played with more than just one boy at a time. She also had private parties at her home only for the team once she was married. I guess she still likes playing with the boys.

