TRACY, KAREN AND I COMPETE FOR CUM

PART ONE

They say that money isn't everything. But that's a load of crap. Of course it is. That is how I acquired Tracy for my wife, and how I acquired loads of other things. Take an example - what's the difference between poor and destitute and being desperately ill, and being rich and flushed with money and still being desperately ill? The illness is the same, but the treatment and the way you are treated is a load of difference if you have money, or if you have none.

Anyway, this isn't a moral story. It's a dirty story, so I'll stick to facts rather than moralities. I was an ordinary guy, with an ordinary life, stuck in an ordinary clerical job in the accounts department of a large manufacturing company. Everything about me was ordinary. My wife had always said so, and she made that clear to me when after 30 years of marriage she left me for a younger man. She said he gave her what I had miserably failed to give her for 30 years. We had no kids and the divorce was simple and straight forward.

I had already become partially bald, stood at five feet eight inches and had a bit of a podgy beer stomach.

So at 55 I was left in a total rut, plodding on in my job, without a hope in hell of finding another partner. The only shining light in my life was Tracy, our Accounts Manager. Now here was a real bombshell, a girl who was certainly out of the ordinary. Tracy was 25 years old, recently graduated from college in Accounts and Finance, almost six feet tall and with a gorgeous body, suitably proportioned to her height.

Her tits were bulky but firm, her nipples always sticking out in her tight halter necks. She had a pair of legs that were endless, seductively curved and mouth-wateringly fleshy and firm, going up to an ass that blossomed out in her tight mini-skirts, and thighs that I drooled over. Sure, her facial features were nothing special, plain really, but she had large brown eyes, wide, fleshy lips and hair that hung in ringlets over her face.

Her office was opposite my desk, giving me ample opportunity to stare and fantasise-dream about her appealing sexuality. She liked to sit at her desk cross-legged, giving me ample staring opportunities. I wasn't quite sure whether she ever noticed that my eyes were constantly affixed on her body, but it didn't seem to bother her.

I had Tracy to myself at nights as I lay on my bed, naked, fantasising about what I would do with her, until my cock would begin to stir and then I would go through the routine ritual of a slow, hot, oily masturbation, ejaculating a daily quota of hot and steamy cum for her.

That was the sad extent of my life.

Then one day I was looking through a magazine and saw an advertisement for a massive lottery, promising a top prize winning of millions of dollars, over 100 million. The price of stake tickets was high, normally too high for my sort of salary, but I decided to have a go. Never in my miserable life had I ever won anything, but I guess that buying a ticket gave me a flush of excitement and made me feel good.

I had quite forgotten about the lottery and the ticket that I had tucked away in my bureau for safe-keeping when that magical `phone call came through. Defying all logic and expectation, I had won, a sole winner of the top prize, $124 million. The rest, as they say, is history. I took a couple of days vacation to go off and collect my winnings and duly did so, picking up my cheque and having my face plastered all over the local newspapers and television station. But the publicity was local and not national, so back at the office, nobody was the wiser.

The lottery organisers offered all kinds of things, linked with promotional work, but I shunned all that. They also offered financial and investment advice but I firmly refused saying I could take care of all that myself. I banked the cheque and calculated the daily interest rate as the sum continued to accumulate.

I dreamt up all sorts of schemes about how I would saunter into the office and take no crap from anybody, but when the time came, I crept in as I usually do and sat unassumingly at my desk as people breezed by without even noticing me. Tracy swung and wiggled her usual self into her office, swinging that ass of hers like crazy without even bidding me as much as a "good morning".

I sat and mused for a while before firmly deciding to implement a chain of events that I had always dreamed of.

I walked jauntily to her office and knocked on the open door. She looked up briefly and when she saw it was me she sighed reluctantly and said "what is it?"

"May I have a word?" I walked in and closed the office door.

"Don't close it", she said curtly. "I never close my door. It makes me feel claustrophobic". I ignored her request and sat down.

"Will you marry me?"

Tracy just sat and stared at me. It was several moments before she spoke.

"Are you off your head? What are you blithering about? Get back to your desk and your job. I don't like these sort of jokes".

"Will you marry me?" I asked again, more firmly.

This time she reacted instantly. Her large, fleshy red lips curled into a sardonic snarl and with venom she unleashed a contemptuous burst of laughter. Her manicured finger pointed towards her door.

"Get out now, or I'll call security and have you thrown out. This is harassment and you're putting your job on the line".

I pulled out a newspaper cutting from an inner pocket, slowly unfolded it and put it down in front of her. My five foot eight inches frame and broadly smiling face leapt out from the newsprint under the heading "LUCKY PUNTER SCOOPS $124 MILLION".

Tracy looked at the cutting suspiciously, turning it over and over in her hand, briefly reading the story, checking out my name in the news print, running a finger over the printed "$124 million".

The scowl on her face softened. The snarl on her lips transformed into a sheepish smile. Her beautifully manicured fingers stretched out and took my hand. "Hey, this is you...I don't know what to say....wonderful...I mean congratulations. $124 million...what a win....you don't have to work any more...that is if you don't want too" she added hastily.

The change in her demeanour had given me encouragement. The money gave me self-assurance.

"So, how about it - will you marry me and share my life, live in luxury, wanting for nothing?"

"Well, it's all a bit sudden. You're asking for total commitment and I don't even know you. Besides", she showed me her hand and a ring on her finger, "I am engaged".

It was an ordinary ring, not cheap, but nothing special. I stretched out my hand, took her hand and eased the ring off her finger and threw it in the waste paper bin.

"That's where that belongs. Whoever he is, he's never going to match the kind of life you'll have with me - a luxury villa with pool, several in fact, with holiday homes all over the world, a luxury yacht, private jet. You'll never want for anything. I have it all planned out".

Tracy said she'd think about it. I don't know whether it was purely my imagination but for the rest of the day she seemed to spend loads of time flashing her legs at me, expanses of flesh that turned me weak. She had beautifully pale, white skin, almost snow white. It made me dizzy to think of her stretched out naked as I licked her thighs and parted her buttocks to probe my tongue into her pink ass-hole.

I had asked Tracy not to say anything to anybody but she didn't keep her word and soon the news spread throughout the office and I suddenly found myself as the most popular guy around. People who in the past had never even acknowledged my existence now acted as if I was their greatest buddy! The power of money is greater than any other force.

The next day, Tracy wafted into the office atrociously dressed. She had a red halter neck that showed off her large, round tits and an orange mini skirt that barely covered her buttocks, her lusciously long legs made sleeker and longer by a pair of very high-heeled shoes that transformed her into an Amazonian woman. I almost fainted when I saw her. There was no trace of a ring on her fingers. I guessed she had made her decision - a life of luxury and damn everything else.

I then played my ace, well, several aces. I walked into Tracy's office and plonked a set of keys on her desk.

"There's a chauffeur-driven Ferrari waiting for us outside". I put a handful of brochures on her desk. "These are just a few luxury villas for us to have a look at. We can leave right now. I've booked a round-the-world cruise for two. We sail the day after tomorrow".

Tracy stood up, towering over me in her high-heeled shoes. She leant down and kissed me on the forehead. She looked around her office, looked at her desk full of ledgers and folders and with an outstretched arm she swept everything off her desk and onto the floor.

"Why wait any longer Alfred my love?" It was the first time she had ever called me by my name. "Let's go now".

The next few days went by like a whirlwind. Unfortunately, our first fuck together was less than memorable. I was just too excited to pace it properly. In my haste to get into Tracy I made her strip entirely naked, without foreplay, and laid her out on the bed. Her expanse of white flesh dazzled me as I inspected her closely. She was by no means thin, but sturdy and solid. Around her buttocks and thighs there were the first tell-tale ripples of cellulite. These served to fire me up even more. My cock was rock hard, not a small cock, but neither a large one - just a moderate one that would be lost inside Tracy, but that didn't bother me at the time.

On her buttocks she had a few nips and bruises, remnants of marks that her boyfriend had left maybe two or three days before I appeared on the horizon. I loved those bruises. It turned me even hotter to know that just a couple of days before she had been fucked by another man. I collapsed in a heap over her, slobbering over her body, licking her in every possible way, holding hard onto her tits. She faked writhing and gasping. A more experienced man would have realised she was faking it, but I was too far gone in excitement. My modest cock easily squirmed into her and within a few seconds I was shooting my cum load inside her.

It had taken just a few minutes and I lay spent and contented. She puffed furiously on an expensive cheroot.

We went off on our cruise and enjoyed three months of bliss (well I did anyway). I had sex of a kind with her every day. It was better than the first night disaster, but I'm sure there wasn't a single occasion when she was really satisfied. It didn't bother me in the least. She was mine to have and to hold, and she in turn had everything she wanted.

Her expenditure on clothes, shoes, perfumes and other embellishments would have broken any bank account, but it didn't bother me either. There was plenty more. On return from our cruise I purchased a luxury villa, a beautifully large place with loads of bedrooms, sun-basked verandas and two large outdoor pools and an underground heated pool. Tracy had her Ferrari and a little run-around Lamborghini sports car and countless wardrobes of clothes, shoes, handbags and accessories. Our security safe bulged with her diamonds.

We had a whole household of helpers, maids, a butler, a cook, a gardener and even a pool boy. I spent my days monitoring my investments and trying to plug the financial holes that Tracy was constantly creating, and Tracy, well, she lay around all day, sunning herself, inviting over girl-friends to show off her acquisitions and generally having an easy time.

Our sexual episodes became less frequent, although I was perhaps a little more skilled than before. Her body still fascinated me and I was still engrossed in her nudity. She had put on a little more weight but that didn't bother me. I agreed she should have a personal trainer and a gymnast-trainer came round almost daily and put her through her paces so that her figure was soon restored.

On the administration side I was getting weighed down with my investment watches and with handling the household accounts, paying wages, looking over contracts and stuff like that. I needed a PA and I knew of an ideal one.

Karen had been an administrative assistant at the office where Tracy and I worked previously. She was efficient, plain looking, loved to dress sexily, loved to court notoriety because of the way she always flirted with married men, and she was a bitch, a first class bitch. Tracy and she had always been sworn enemies and when I engaged her as my PA, Tracy was furious. But I placated her and told her she would have nothing to do with her and that she was too plain and ordinary to be of any threat to her.

Karen took over the reins of administration and within a month she was running the roost with an iron hand, and I liked the result, the efficiency and the fact that she had unburdened me from the administration. I would have to find something else to occupy my mind. Within three months she had taken absolute control.

She put Tracy on an allowance, which Tracy fretted and lashed out against, but Karen finally persuaded me it was the right thing to do. She also made me conscious of the need for greater security and soon had our villa and grounds rigged up with cctv. Knowing Karen and her bitchiness I monitored this carefully, inspecting the areas where she rigged cameras, adamant they should not be in bathroom areas or bedrooms. She kept the monitoring panels and screens under her strict control, initiating secret passwords to which only she had access. I was too relaxed to bother too much about any of it.

I had found my own niche, indulging in my own postage stamp collection. I had built up a collection ever since I was a boy, but now had the real opportunity to expand and specialise. I spent most of my days in my study and Tracy spent most of her days lounging around the pool and going out with girl friends. In the bedroom department our relations were good but lukewarm.

Tracy's superb body, length and her expanses of white flesh still had me drooling over her. Occasionally she would have an odd bruise here and there which she said had been acquired by bumping into things. Her sensitive and milky white skin soon bruised and I accepted that.

One day I was in my study when Karen came in, unannounced. She had that look of mischief in her eyes that I well knew from the office, a look of bitchiness.

"Yes", I said. "I'm busy right now".

"Well, you'd better unbusy yourself. Do you have any idea where your wife Tracy is right now?"

I looked at her indifferently and shrugged. "By one of the pools I expect. She didn't say she was going out this morning".

"Let's go and look her up and see what she's up to". There was a wicked twinkle in Karen's eyes, a look of triumph.

"Why, what's up?"

"You just come with me, right now".

I followed her out of the room and out into the gardens, past the two outdoor pools - Tracy wasn't near either one - and towards the building with the heated underground pool.

"Is she in the indoor pool? It's hot enough out here to fry eggs. What's she doing in the indoor pool".

Karen took my hand and motioned me to stay quiet. We edged in by the side door, past the pump room and came into full view of the pool, heating switched off in summer of course, and very dimly lit, so dim it took time for my eyes to adjust from the brilliant sunshine outside to the dimness in the pool area.

There were two figures writhing about on a double sun-bed and I heard the unmistakeable sounds of sexual activity, moans, groans, whimpers and slurps. Tracy, completely naked was displayed across the sun-beds. Standing besides her was Gavin, our gardener, a tall, bulging lad with rippling muscles and overall sun tan. He was naked too. His hand held Tracy by the hair, gripped tightly; his other hand was feeding her his cock in her mouth, a stallion like cock of enormous proportions.

Tracy was slobbering all over it, eating it up, gobbling it, licking the sides, trying to swallow it. She was working it so hard that long threads of spittle were hanging from his cock and his balls. I gasped. Karen nudged me in the ribs and made me gasp more. We slid behind a partition and watched the action unseen by the entangled couple. Tracy was in a state I had never seen her in before, completely abandoned to the mastery of the cock that was pinning her mouth and her throat. Her tall, steady legs fluttered in excitement, her ass cheeks pumped hard as if the cock was actually inside her.

"You like that don't you bitch. Can't get enough of it can you? Take it right down, right into your throat bitch". Gavin's voice was hoarse with excitement.

Tracy agreed with violent head nods. Her hands grasped his balls, lifting them so she could attack his scrotum. I saw the full extent of his cock, a rampant poker, stiff, cut, gnarled and knotted. The head was bulbous, throbbing purple and covered in Tracy's spittle.

He grabbed Tracy by her waist and dragged her to her feet, bending her forward. He opened up her legs and with a firm hand splayed open her labia lips. His cock slid effortlessly into her. Tracy gasped with pleasure. I had often heard the term "banging her" without actually knowing the extent of what it meant. Gavin showed me what it meant.

He started banging Tracy, hard and violently, his hands grabbing her white flesh, slapping her buttocks and ass cheeks. His cock pummelled into her so that I almost cringed with the motion, and she was loving every second, drooling, chortling, almost screaming.

I felt my own cock stir and bulge. I was jealous, deeply jealous. Not of Tracy and what she was doing, but because she was enjoying the privilege of taking Gavin's cock. I had never experienced any bisexuality since I was a youth, but that side of me came out fully now. Why should Tracy have that cock? Why should she be enjoying it? I wanted it, wanted to hold it, to lick it and slurp on it.

Karen saw the bulge in my pants and her eyes twinkled. She stretched out a hand and felt the bulge. Under normal circumstances I would have recoiled in horror at this forwardness. But it felt good. Her fingers were firm and they were searching out my cock. She unzipped me and my modest piece sprang out. It had never been so hard.

Karen's eyes lit up with pleasure. She put a finger to her lips to motion silence and went down on her knees. My cock felt the warm wetness of her lips and I had to suppress a strong urge to moan. With the first few gobbles it was apparent that Karen was a seasoned cock-sucker. Her mouth enveloped the length and breadth of my cock, wetting the rod and manipulating the fleshy sides with her tongue.

Meanwhile Gavin was hard at work. Tracy was completely at his mercy.

"I'm giving you what you don't get from that husband of yours bitch." He lunged into her harder, his hands manipulating her tits so violently that I wondered how Tracy didn't scream out in pain. It was obvious she was too far gone in pleasure for that.

"Yes, yes you are", Tracy stuttered.

"You want my cum inside you don't you bitch?"

"Yes I do".

"Well, you won't get it. You don't deserve it. Even if you beg for it you won't get it. It's going to splat over your face and your tits".

"Oh yes", Tracy moaned. "Shoot over my face. Give me your cum in my mouth".

I felt my own cum rising. Karen was hard at work, sucking violently, kneading my balls. She was so good, so expertly. I felt my cock harden even more.

Gavin was in his final stages, panting like a wild animal, his palm crashing onto Tracy's quivering buttocks with increasing frequency.

"Beg for it bitch. Beg".

"Yesss..sss..sss give it to me. Pleassssseeee.....ssseeee".

He whipped out his cock, wildly grabbed Tracy's long, brown curly hair and brought her face in line with his cock head. His cum spurted out like dollops of double cream making a mess of Tracy's face. It flowed like volcanic lava, hot spurts after hot spurts and I felt myself going too. Karen firmly planted her knees on the ground and with a final flourish she took my cum, a stream of hot liquid that she gobbled down to keep pace with. She took it all. I slumped back against the partition gasping. I had never cum so much.

Gavin picked Tracy up and flung her into the pool and plunged in after her. As they were cavorting in the water, Karen and I slipped away.

Back in the office I noticed a look of triumph on Karen's face.

"How long has this been going on for?"

"Oh quite a while. I wouldn't have noticed had it not been for the micro-cameras I installed...."

"I thought we agreed that private areas were not to be screened?"

"Well, it's a good job I didn't take any notice of you then isn't it? Anyway, there's more than you think!"

"More?" I asked, totally stunned. Karen motioned me to sit and turned one of her monitor screens towards me. She pressed a few keys and a picture came up. It was my indoor gymnasium where Tracy worked out with her personal trainer Mason. He was a tall, ebony-black instructor, with several black belts in martial arts.

Tracy, totally naked, was laid out on the gym horse, her back straddled on the horse, her legs up in the air, wide open. Mason was preparing to enter her, manipulating a large, fat cock. With his fat cock-head he manipulated her labia lips as Tracy's finger nails scratched his arms, exhorting him to enter her quickly and powerfully.

Once more, I surprised myself. My eyes were fixed on Mason's cock as it surged into Tracy's cunt, splitting her open with ease and gusto.

"He's having her too?" I asked, weakly. Karen nodded triumphantly, that greedy, bitchy look twinkling in her eyes.

"We've only been married six months and she's being fucked by half my staff already. Are there more?"

Karen nodded. "Afraid so".

She flipped a few more keys. The screen changed to one of the pool changing rooms. Our pool boy Damian came in three times a week, a local student who was in the process of graduating through college, in his early 20s. Tracy was on her knees, his sturdy cock penetrating her mouth as she slurped and drooled over it.

"Enough" I said, rising to my feet. "I've seen enough".

"I knew she'd never be good enough for you" Karen said triumphantly. "I never did like her. She's scheming and she's devious. What are you going to do?"

I waved Karen away. I wanted time to reflect, to think out my next step.

"Make sure you keep all the films - I may need them as evidence".

"Don't worry about that, I was going to do that anyway".

I retired to my studio, my head in a whirl, my emotional feelings totally stirred, my stomach churning. I spent a lot of time thinking over the puzzle in my head. Was I upset because Tracy was being so sluttishly unfaithful behind my back, or was it because she was enjoying those lovely juicy cocks that had suddenly become an attraction to me? Should I confront her with the evidence and watch her squirm and then file for divorce?

It kept coming back to my mind that I didn't want to lose Tracy, no matter what she had done and would do. She was my long-sought-after prize and I didn't want to lose her. Our age difference made it impossible for me to satisfy her big frame in bed, so she had turned to those who could give her the goods she needed. On the other hand, Karen had sucked me off as I had never experienced before. She was ready to step into the frame once Tracy had been given the push. Yet despite the cock-suck that Karen had given me, she didn't match Tracy in any way.

I took my afternoon nap and slept on this conundrum and, as had often happened in the past, the sleep-over period filled me with inspiration when I awoke. The answer to all the puzzles was simple and straight-forward. I had the money and I could do anything I wanted - with the right manipulation.

The answer to the conundrum was - rationalisation. The facts clearly showed that Tracy, Karen and I craved cock. This desire for Tracy could have been satisfied by allowing her to continue with her relationships behind my back, leaving her to think I knew nothing about what was going on. I could use Karen any time to have her suck my cock, and any other she desired, and that would satisfy her craving.

But what about me satisfying my own craving - I was the odd man out! There had to be another way.

Karen was my P.A. my Girl Friday, my administrator, my executor. I would get her to organise orgies, with five or six guys at a time, together with Tracy, Karen herself, and me. Then, the three of us would compete for the cocks and cum available. The initiative would be down to us, the better we performed, the more excellently we treated those cocks, the more each of us would satisfy our great craving. It was the ideal solution. Competition would produce perfection.

That very same evening I surpassed myself, and Tracy's expectations. When we retired, she expected we would drop off to sleep as usual, or at most, that I would have a quick and clumsy fumble over her body and then drop off to sleep.

I lay back on the bed naked, and made her strip naked and stand in front of me. There were several bruises and bites over her buttocks and thighs.

"How did you get these?" I asked, running a smooth finger over the marks.

"Oh, here and there you know. I bump into things - you know me, clumsy as always. There's a damned load of mosquitoes by the pool and they just love my white skin complexion".

"Ummm....I see. If I didn't know you better, I'd say they were man made".

"Don't be so absurd Alfred dear. You know I never go out except with the girls. How can you get such thoughts?"

I pulled her down onto me, her big frame collapsing over my body.

"Get your lips around this cock".

My vehemence of tone surprised her. Even though Karen had sucked me off earlier and nowadays one cum shot a day was more than enough for me, my cock was stiff, poker hard. Tracy's eyes widened with surprise as she put her fleshy lips to my cock.

She was more surprised when with the palm of my hand I crashed a few slaps down onto her white buttocks so that she squealed with pain.

"Suck harder bitch, suck harder". There were tears in her eyes as the pain burnt into her flesh. I lay back and closed my eyes and imagined the scenes I had seen earlier, with Tracy sucking and slurping cocks and having cum splattered all over her face and body.

I laid her out on the bed on her belly, mounted her doggy style and pounded my cock into her cunt with a strength that I had never experienced before. Again Tracy gasped. When I came inside her it was with repetitive hot flushes.

Afterwards we lay quietly on the bed, Tracy's face a picture of amusement.

"Well, well", she said. "I don't know whatever's got into you Alfred...but...hey, are you taking pills...Viagra or something?"

"Nope. No pills. Just naturally hot".

I put my master plan into action the next morning.  Tracy went off with Mason her personal trainer and I had no doubt he would give her loads of work-out training with his huge black cock. 

I called Karen to my office and explained my plans to her. Her eyes glinted with surprise and pleasure. I wanted her to organise orgies for us by finding six well-hung and hot guys and letting them loose on Tracy. Karen and I would join in and angle for as many cocks as we could tempt away from Tracy. I also emphasised that I wanted everything recorded on cctv so that later we could review before organising the next orgy.

"What about Tracy and her boyfriends?" Karen asked.

I mused a little. "She can carry on having them on the side. I'll let her know I know about them of course. As for you...."

"Yes?" Karen asked eagerly and with bated breath.

"You can become our coordinator, our mentor. You are a great cock-sucker and I want to see you in more action. Occasionally you and I will have a little get-together like we had yesterday. I really enjoyed that. In the meanwhile, life must go on as usual".

I gave Karen a week to enable her to organise our first orgy. In the meanwhile, I had to have a show down with Tracy and I made sure I enjoyed it. She had made plans to go out shopping with some of her friends.

"We have to have a talk", I said, "so postpone your plans". Tracy fretted and pouted but she was wise enough to know where her money source came from, so she agreed. I had collected a number of tapes from Karen and had mounted the clips in my laptop. Tracy and I sat in my office, a look of boredom on her face. No doubt she anticipated I was going to lecture her again on her spendthrift ways.

"Have you been a good girl?" I asked.

"What?"

"Have you been I good girl?" I repeated firmly.

"I don't know what you mean".

I flipped open the laptop and pressed on the first clip. Tracy was straddled on the gym horse as Mason pounded his black cock into her ass hole. Her reaction was two-fold. She turned a bright red and she gasped.

I flipped another clip. Gavin the gardener was pounding her near the indoor pool.

"It's Karen isn't it?' she blurted. "She's been following me around and setting up cameras. The bitch, the fucking bitch, I always knew she was a jealous trouble-maker. I told you not to employ her Alfred".

I mused at her tactic of blaming Karen and not having a word of explanation about herself.

"Never mind about Karen, what about you and these clips, these cocks you've been enjoying. You've been unfaithful and ungrateful after all I've done for you".

Tracy collapsed in a slobbering heap. Through the tears and groans I pieced together her explanation that she didn't mean to be unfaithful but had a lust for cock, that she would end all her affairs. Could I, would I forgive her? She was prepared to be a good wife from now on...and more and more tears and groans.

"From now on" I said firmly, "I will call the shots. You can have as many cocks as you like, but you have to share them". I explained my plans to her and her tears and groans turned to gasps of wonder, and even excitement. She would be the centre-piece of orgies and would get as many cocks and as much cum as she craved - but - she would have to compete with Karen and myself. At the mention of Karen her eyes bulged.

"That bitch....that fucking bitch...why drag her into it?"

But she had no choice, and the alternative was plain and clear. She could pack her bags and leave - not that I would have let her, but the implication was there. In the meanwhile, I instructed her to continue her sexual flings with Gavin, Mason and Damian the pool boy, without letting them know that I knew all about the goings on.  I wanted her to be used and pliant and totally receptive to the orgies planned.

My new position of total command gave me a great sexual kick and that evening I had another wonderful session with Tracy, this time giving her a good and hard fuck in her ass hole. My sexual life had been rejuvenated as I confessed my craving for handling and sucking cocks to Tracy. She was not upset nor surprised, just amused that she and I would be competing for cocks and cum. She had no doubt who would get the most.

Meanwhile, Karen had been carrying out her own research with enthusiasm. She compiled a list of escort and dating agencies and surfed the net to find local sources. My brief to her was clear - I wanted muscle men, bears, not wimps. Big cocks were a must and hirsute bodies were a preference, as were black men and Hispanics to contrast with Tracy's whiteness. Within a few days she informed me that all was ready for the first adventure. She had pictures of the guys but refused to show them to me beforehand.

"They'll surprise you!" is all she said.

Karen took over one of the large spare bedrooms and did a quick conversion, bringing in an enormous bed on a plush carpet piled with cushions and rests, making it possible to fuck and be fucked in every position. A panel of cameras covered every angle in the room. Dim lights were wired in and a plethora of flickering candles were sprinkled around the room.

A large cabinet was stocked with a variety of appliances like huge rubber dildos, clit teasers and ass stops and a variety of creams and lubricants. There was also an assortment of cock rings, chains, padlocks, ropes and rubber thongs. My PA had really put her heart and soul into the preparation.

The day came and our first grand orgy was underway - with Karen giving the instructions. I brought Tracy in, completely naked, her magnificent figure and shining white skin lighting the room like an orb. Karen had made me put a blindfold on her. I laid Tracy out on the carpet, on her back, arms and legs apart.

Karen handed me a flask of perfumed lubricating oil.

"Get her oiled up and make her slippery. Give her a good massage". Karen's eyes were shining with excitement. My cock bulged so much it hurt and I was thankful that Karen ordered me to get naked too.

I gave Tracy a smooth and intensive rub down so that she glistened with oil residue. I hardly needed to lubricate her cunt because it was already oozing fluid. Her body tingled with anticipation, as did my cock. I had an urge to feed her my cock in her mouth, but Karen pulled me back.

She was wearing a very brief g-string in which her meaty cunt bulged. Karen had made herself taller with a pair of enormous and thin stiletto heels. She had nothing going for her in the looks department, but she was sexy and decisively hot.

Karen ushered in our first orgy guests - six strapping me who looked like work-out body builders. Two of them were black so that their ebony skin seemed to radiate in the flickering candles. There were two Hispanic looking guys and two white guys who looked like bears with a matting of hair covering their shoulders, chest and loins. One of them had a cruel and vicious look about his face, the one that I immediately registered as being of particular interest to me.

Markus was an enormously well-built guy, with surging biceps and a shaved head. He was wearing a leather cock strap and his balls were embedded in a leather cock ring. His body was covered in vivid tattoos of red and black devils and a panorama of a burning hell splayed across his back. His lower lip had a cruel cleft below a nose that seemed to have been broken in combat. He was fearsome and obviously the alpha male.

The six men were naked, their cocks dangling and remarkable for length and width. Markus had a gnarled and knotted cock with cut foreskin. Two others were uncut, but the other three were also cut.

Karen ushered them to where Tracy lay spread-eagled on the floor. She made five of them get down on their knees in a circle around Tracy's head, but the alpha male was made to stand directly over Tracy. Karen began to massage their cocks. I saw her plan. When the cocks were hard she would whip off Tracy's blindfold and Tracy's eyes would feast on a forest of expectant cocks dangling over her face. Markus had an enormous erection, with a purple bulbous cock-head that looked like a plum on a thick giant stalk.

The team had looked at Tracy's displayed body with hunger, taking in her big size, her skin dazzling with oil sheen, her tits large and expectant. I went down on my knees too, as near to Tracy's head as I could get. The cocks were smelly and meaty, a latent and pungent aroma of sexed meat. From Tracy's facial expressions I saw that she had smelt the aroma too. Her body shivered and rippled.

Karen whipped off the blindfold and Tracy's eyes were met by six massive cocks dangling over her face, Markus kneading his potent weapon as it hovered inches from Tracy's pursed lips. Tracy gasped with pleasure. The bulbous head penetrated her lips and she gobbled on it hungrily, her hands eagerly reaching for the other cocks.

The team sprang into action. Tracy seemed like a lioness that had not eaten for days. She grabbed and gobbled on as many cocks as she could at a time. The team acted like a pack of hungry lions settling down to devour a carcass, their hands sliding and slipping over Tracy's white and outstretched body, manipulating her tits and nipples, handling her flesh like a butcher handles his meat. One guy popped his finger into her cunt, manipulating it so that there was a squelchy, bubbly noise above the groans and grunts of pleasure.

I felt Karen's presence nearby.

"She's really hungry for cock. Look at the way she's gobbling them up. She's a nymphomaniac. She needs to be disciplined and coordinated. Why don't you hand her over to me and I will keep her in check. She needs to be handled by a tough regime".

I nodded fervently. I was so excited by it all that Karen could have asked for anything.

The team settled into a routine of feeding their cocks in Tracy's mouth as her lips ravenously went from one prick to the other. The alpha male took charge and possession, directing the other guys and being the first to mount penetration on Tracy's pulsating body. He surged his cock viciously into Tracy's cunt, his hairy hands grabbing her waist, his cock giving her a good pounding of short and sharp jabs, his oily meat penetrating so hard that his balls were making a splat sound against her distended labia lips.

The other guys jockeyed for position, their massive expectant cocks panting in anticipation. Karen was getting her fair share too, licking and slobbering on the spare cocks that were not being sucked or fondled by Tracy. She was straddled over Tracy's body and mounted doggy style and fucked hard. The guys were really warming up to their task now, but I felt out of it. It was an excruciating pleasure to watch. My cock was rock hard. But I wasn't in the action.

Then Karen signalled something to Markus and he stood up. His magnificent body and matted hair glistened with sweat and lubricating oil. His bulbous cock-head was now more purple than ever. He hovered over me like a giant, his massive cock dangling between his legs, his balls tightly trussed in the cock ring.

"Taste my cock", he said crudely. "Taste your wife's juices on my cock head. She's such a good fuck and she just loves cock". There was a babble of agreement from the other five. Tracy was so hot and so aroused that her eyes seemed to have glazed over, and Karen was pretty much the same.

The bulbous purple head was lowered towards my lips and I took a few exploratory licks. It tasted meaty and salty. I closed my lips around the bulb and regurgitated spittle so that the head nestled in juices. Slowly but surely the cock continued to surge into my mouth so that I gasped for breath and gaggled over it.

I took his balls in my hand and manipulated them, my other hand stroking his matted and hairy stomach, caressing his ass cheeks. He tasted and felt so good. Tracy was looking at me and I realised that seeing me in action like this turned her even hotter. 

Emboldened by this gesture from the alpha male who had given me his cock, and judging from his groans of pleasure that he was thoroughly enjoying it, I went for the other cocks too. Four were engaged in fucking and throating Tracy and Karen, but there were always two spare for me to suck on. I slipped easily into the role, sucking them with vigour, paying particular attention to ball sacs and scrotums.

Our orgy had become a mass of throbbing and heaving bodies, a parlour of meaty smells and resonant sounds of groans, whimpers and screams. We were building towards a climax and I anticipated a massive cum bath that would envelope the three of us.

Tracy had been pulled to her feet with hot and throbbing cocks closing in all around her. One black guy sat on the edge of the bed and Tracy's face was lowered for her lips to envelope his cock in juicy sucking. Another guy penetrated her cunt from behind, his hands desperately groping her tits and nipples. Markus was showering hand slaps over her buttocks so that her white flesh bruised and sprouted purple patches. They were getting hotter and they were getting rougher. Tracy opened and closed on the cock penetrating her, getting into a faster and faster motion.

Sensing our closeness to climax, I did a last round of cock sucking, going for the other black guy and giving him a real good, hard sucking so that he had to pull out when he was so close to cumming.

Karen took charge now.

"Ok you guys gather round. You (she grabbed Tracy by the hair) get on your knees bitch".

Tracy lashed out and caught Karen across the midriff, making her gasp for breath.

"I don't take orders from you bitch" she cried defiantly. Karen looked at Markus. His gigantic hand came out and lashed Tracy across the face, making her blanche and leaving red fingers marks across her cheek.

"You do as you're ordered to you bitch. You're nothing but a piece of thrash, a piece of meat." He grabbed Tracy's hair and forced her lips onto his cock which was now really smelling strongly of sex meat. It had become poker hard, knotted and gnarled and glistened with spittle and Tracy's cunt juices. Tracy gobbled it hungrily. The other guys closed in.

Karen shuffled her way into the pack, standing behind Tracy, holding her by the ears so that Tracy's head was rendered immobile as the huge cock drilled its way into her mouth.

"Start masturbating them" Karen ordered, motioning me with her head. "I'll hold her head in position and you jerk their cocks and give her facials. Let's have their cum splattering her face". 

Gingerly I took Markus's balls in one hand, one finger pressing hard into his scrotum, planning to control his cum flow when he erupted. He had the privilege to cum first. Standing behind him I took the base of his cock, applying pressure to the stalk and forcing it further and further into Tracy's mouth so that she almost began to wretch as it raked her throat. Karen held her hard, her body going into a rhythmic motion as she pressed her hot cunt lips into the back of Tracy's head.

He was sweating hard, his body glistening with the force of concentration and the strength of his increasing groans. My hands continued to apply pressure to his scrotum and his cock as I leaned hard into him, my own stiff cock raking his ass hole as he pursed his ass cheeks as if wanting me to enter him.

His cock exploded in my hand, his body shuddering like a volcanic eruption. I pressed hard on his scrotum making him groan furiously but there was no holding his cum. It spurted out in great white, creamy lashings, obliterating Tracy's eyes and mouth, specks splattering onto Karen standing behind her and holding her hard.

Tracy's own body shuddered as she had her own climax without even being touched, her lips working furiously to lick up the cum rivulets as they flowed down her cheeks and onto her lips. Markus grabbed his own cock and wiped the final droplets oozing out of his cock head, directly over Tracy's lips. He yanked Tracy's hard nipples making her scream with pain.

"That was good bitch, real good".

Karen rubbed the rest of the remaining semen into Tracy's face, over her eyes, her ears and her hair.

In turn the diminishing circle fronted Tracy and unleashed their loads directly into her face. Her mouth just couldn't handle all the cum and streams of sticky liquid dripped down her neck and onto her tits as Karen continued to rub the creamy semen over Tracy's skin.

By the sixth eruption, Tracy's face was almost obliterated, her hair congealed with semen. Karen's waist and tits also had a fair covering of cum as Karen had began to rub herself over Tracy's hair, absorbing the extra cum into her own skin.
The sixth contestant had slinked away into the welcome shower as Tracy collapsed in a heap. Karen and I stood over her as if we were two ravenous wolves standing over a victim.

"Get down and give her a good fucking Alfred. Give it to her hard. She needs a final flourish".

Without further bidding I got down eagerly and flung myself into Tracy, the oils and cum in her body mingling with my own body so that we slipped and slid over each other. It took me just seconds to cum, a veritable explosion that thrust my cream deep into Tracy's cunt.

Exhausted I dragged myself off Tracy's body. There had been many an astonishing moment in the whole episode but it was the developments over the next few moments that really freaked me out.

Karen gently pulled Tracy to her feet and cuddled her. Their lips met, Karen standing on tip toe to reach Tracy's lips. Karen licked the remaining cum off Tracy's face, her hands gently running down Tracy's body and gently and sexily fondling her like they had been lifelong friends. The astonishment was that Tracy didn't object, or push her away.

Karen put her arm around Tracy's waist and gently pulled her towards the shower. Their lips met again in a long and lingering kiss. The common adventures they had just shared had formed a bond between them as if the happenings had given them mutual satisfaction.

They were in the showers for an age and I went off to my own shower.

When I saw Tracy and Karen later they were walking hand in hand, walking towards me.

We stopped and faced each other.

"How was it?" Karen asked.

"Great. You did great. It was a triumph of perfect planning".

Karen smirked in satisfaction. She looked at Tracy and smiled fondly at her.

"I'll organise the next one soon, but in the meantime, I take charge of Tracy. Leave her to me".

PHOENIX46							End of Part One

 

