(Warning: This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts. If this type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.)

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you wish to re-post it at your own site, please contact the author for permission.

Copyright 2004 Kathy Morris, All Rights Reserved.

(Ff, Prostitute, Smoking Fetish)

Amy and the Pro
By
Kathy Morris


Saturday night had come round again!

Mother was out socialising and wouldn't be back until the early hours. I booked a taxi and then put some things I would need for the evening into a bag and waited. This was my "game night" and the anticipation was already making me wet. A lesbian anticipating going out and picking up a prostitute and indulging in her fetish desires is, perhaps, quite normal, but what makes me feel very naughty and "dirty" is the fact that I am ten years old.

I developed "early", as they say, and have been using sex toys for the last two years - my newly found "hobby", of indulging my dirtiest fetish desires, started six months ago after seeing a documentary on television which was about prostitutes. After that, I surfed the net and indulged in developing what I realised were fetish desires. I knew I was a lesbian but my natural tendency was for older women - much older - though I wasn't bothered about the psychological aspects involved (mother, daughter stuff, that sort of thing) - I just accepted it and masturbated for hours thinking about it all, until I started actually living my fantasies for real. I get wet just at the thought of being with a woman who is perfect for indulging my desires. As I said, I like older women, much older that is - older the better for me - but I also have another important part to my sex life and that is that the woman must be an avid cigarette smoker. Watching an older woman smoking and kissing her could almost make me cum without being touched.

Saturday night, and I was free to use my very generous weekly allowance in the way I needed. The hunt was on!

The taxi dropped me off in a seedy part of town. I'd specifically selected this area for its reputation of being where the prostitutes who frequented it were "passed their best". I paid the taxi fare and went into a nearby caf. Sitting by the window with my coffee, I was able to watch the women who worked the street and, hopefully, find someone who would be perfect for tonight.

Almost immediately, I spotted a likely "victim". She was a slightly chubby woman and looked to be in her late fifties or early sixties; about six inches taller than me with bleached blonde, curly, shoulder-length hair; heavy, plastered on makeup and garish red lipstick; a skirt that was too short for her age, though she walked with familiar ease in her very high stiletto heels.

As I sipped my coffee I watched the old tart intently from the warmth of the caf and hoped that she would be suitable for my desires; so far all was looking good, and then when I saw her open her handbag and take out a packet of cigarettes, I could hardly control myself. I watched as she extracted a cigarette and lit it - allowing it to dangle from her red lips as she replaced the packet and lighter in her handbag. As she took a long, deep drag, I watched with fascination as she took her cigarette between outstretched fingers and saw her bright red, long nails. As she exhaled slowly (and to me, sensuously) - the volume of cigarette smoke seemed huge in the cold, night air. She was perfect - but now the hardest part for me was coming.

I finished my coffee, picked up the bag I'd brought and left the caf. I was determined to be with the woman who was slowly walking back up the street toward me as I crossed the road and approached her, her stilettos "click clacking" loudly on the pavement. This was always the hardest part of a pick up, but I was now sure of myself and knew how to handle the situation.

The woman stopped walking towards me as I approached her directly and she took a lazy drag on her cigarette. Standing directly in front of her, I was able to discern that she was indeed perhaps in her early sixties; although she had a pleasant smile and no doubt had once been attractive, I could see with delight that her face was quite wrinkled and she certainly had never lived an easy life. Even the heavily-applied makeup she wore could not disguise the fact that she'd probably spent most of her life walking the streets.

"Hello, Dearie," she said as I stood in front of her, "what's a young girl like you doing round here?"

"Good evening," I replied, watching her intently as she took a drag on her cigarette and flicked the ash. I decided on the direct approach. "Do you cater for women?" I asked her.

"Fuck me, girl!" she exclaimed in astonishment, exhaling a vast cloud of cigarette smoke. "You're a bit young to be asking about that, aren't you?"

"I asked you a simple question," I patiently explained, "do you or do you not cater for women?"

The woman seemed to be thinking how best to word her answer and she appeared to be a little bit confused at being asked the question by a very controlled, and self-confident young girl.

"Well, Dearie," she said slowly, as though explaining to an idiot, "I have, on occasions, provided my services to ladies, yes," she finally got out.

"Good," I replied, "and how much would I have to pay for some time with you?" I asked.

The old prostitute looked dumbstruck at my question and her mouth dropped open as she struggled to find any words to express the amazement she obviously was feeling.

"Look, lady," I continued, sensing that I needed to press my case and get her in a quandary. "Things seem very slow for you tonight, I've been watching you walk up and down for the last half-hour and I'm offering you easy money. I have money - lots of it. It's cold walking the streets tonight and I'm offering you some time - well paid," I added emphasising the fact that I was serious, "back in the warmth."

I watched her closely as she thought about my proposal. She was certainly mulling over what I had said, though obviously struggling with the practicalities of this situation which was, to her, somewhat surreal. I knew that if she was seriously considering what I had said, even just a little, then I need only press my case a little harder and she would be mine. "How much?" I asked again.

"Well, Dearie," she finally said, "I don't normally get involved in this sort of thing," she explained, and looked over her shoulder to check that none of the other street girls were near enough to hear what we were saying. "You sure that you have money?" she asked.

"Yes - plenty - I assure you that this isn't some kind of set-up, I know what I want and if you can't provide it, then I'll find someone else," I explained.

"Show me your money," the woman demanded.

I got out my purse and opened it for her to see the 20 notes filling one side.

"Look, darling, I normally charge fifty quid a trick," she explained, "but as this is something out of the ordinary, as you might say, I'll need at least a hundred."

"That's fine," I said smilingly, "I promise that you'll get as much pleasure as I will, so let me offer you a hundred and fifty, explain exactly what I want and then perhaps we can get out of the cold and go somewhere warm?"

"Ok, darling," she said as she reached out and took the notes I offered her, "you do seem nice, even though you're jail bait, but money is money and a girl has to live," she chided, "we'll go back to my flat, it's just round the corner and while we walk you can tell me what you want from dear, old Doris."

I smiled gratefully at the tart I now knew was called Doris, and she took my hand and led me down the street towards her flat. On the way I explained in some detail what I expected for my money and Doris only smiled and nodded her understanding as I went into some detail.


Ten minutes later, Doris opened the door to her flat and ushered me in. It was small, clean, warm and very homely. I told her that I liked her home and she seemed pleased. As she removed her coat and took my jacket, Doris pointed out to me the door to her bedroom. I put my bag down and got out a packet of Fully-Fashioned Nylon stockings and a carton of two hundred "Superking" cigarettes and passed them to the older woman. I also took from the bag a deeply-ridged butt plug and gave her that too. Picking up my bag, I went to her bedroom to change and allow Doris time to get ready for me.

Once inside Doris' bedroom I closed the door behind me and went to the bed. I kicked off my trainers, took off my jeans and tee shirt and removed my socks and panties. From the bag I took out a pair of pink, frilly ankle socks and a pink vest and put them on. As I turned to look at myself in the dressing table mirror, I admired my flat chest and the shape of my prominent, large, erect nipples poking out under the thin, pink vest. I admired the sensual contours of my smooth, hairless cunt. The vest only just covered my tummy and my cunt was totally exposed. I resisted the temptation to touch myself but knew that my cunt was getting wet and I could see that my cunt lips were already parting with anticipation. I put my shoulder length, blonde hair into two bunches using the bobbles I'd brought and giggled with delighted excitement. I retuned to the bed and sat for a few minutes to allow my excitement to build even more and give Doris time to be ready for me, all the while resisting the temptation of sticking my own fingers in my sopping cunt and bringing myself off there and then.


I opened the bedroom door and saw that Doris was ready for me; she was sitting on the sofa and just lighting a cigarette. I was pleased that she'd followed my instructions fully; she'd applied even more makeup to her wrinkled, old face and had put on more bright red, glossy lipstick - applying it thickly and well beyond her natural lip line - making her mouth seem large and almost obscenely sensual; her blouse was partially unbuttoned so that her cleavage was totally exposed; her short skirt pulled up to expose the suspenders now attached to the black, seamed Nylons I had given her; on her feet were her highest stilettos. She looked lovely - the classical image of an old slut and she was mine.

"Come here, Amy, and sit with me" Doris ordered exhaling a cloud of cigarette smoke and patting the sofa seat beside her.

"Yes, mommy," I replied demurely. I sat closely next to her and placed my hand onto her bare thigh.

As Doris turned slightly to face me, she took a long, deep, sensual drag on her cigarette and leaned closer to my face. I watched as her red lips wrapped round the filter of the cigarette causing the wrinkles of her top lip to be even more noticeable. My heart was beating faster with excitement and I wanted to kiss her there and then but knew that I needed the build-up of our role-play to last for a while yet.

With deliberate slowness, Doris leaned closer to my face and spoke carefully, allowing her cigarette smoke to exhale with each breath, straight into my face. I breathed her smoky breath as it enveloped my face as she played my game. "Mommy thinks that her little girl has been very naughty, Amy, doesn't she?" she asked as she took another drag from her cigarette, her face within inches of mine, allowing me to see in minute detail her red lips wrapping round the filter and her cheeks hollowing as she inhaled deeply.

"Yes, mommy," I replied entranced as I watched her smoke.

With her smoky breath, Doris continued, slowly pronouncing each word so her exhale was right into my face, "Nasty, little girls like you, who play with themselves and deprive their mommies of that pleasure," she took a long drag on the cigarette, "need to be taught a lesson, don't they, Amy?"

"Yes, mommy, I'm sorry that I haven't been a good girl."

The old prostitute took a long, deep drag and leaned even closer to me. "You are mommy's little plaything darling and you'll do whatever I say, won't you Amy?"

"Yes, mommy, I love you"

"Good girl, now get on the floor at my feet and show me how much you love me!" she ordered.

I slid off the sofa and curled up at the old tart's feet, all the while watching as she smoked and exhaled the smoke directly at me. I fondled the high, spike heels of her stilettos and caressed her shiny, smooth, nylon-covered legs, sliding my small, soft hands up and down her legs, kissing them gently and licking with the tip of my tongue and enjoying the sight of her smoking for me as she moved about obviously enjoying my caresses.

"Mmmmmm, darling, that's lovely," she told me, "you're such a good girl for your mommy."

I caressed her stocking-clad thighs and gently parted her legs, watching as stubbed out her cigarette and immediately lit another. I gently parted her legs and positioned myself between them, fondling the smooth, warm, softness of her bare thighs and feeling her taut suspenders as I again breathed in the old woman's exhaled smoke as she leaned close to me. Our lips touched briefly and I allowed my tongue to gently touch and taste her lipstick before she leaned back and once again fill her lungs with smoke.

With cigarette dangling from her old lips, Doris unbuttoned the last few buttons on her blouse and reaching into her bra, she pulled out her large, floppy, left breast. "Give mommy's tit a good sucking, baby girl," she said, the cigarette dangling from her red lips.

I leaned forward and took the woman's thick, rubbery, dark nipple into my mouth and moaned with delight as I sucked gently and it swelled in my mouth. I turned my head to watch Doris smoke as I sucked noisily on the old woman's nipple, delighting in the sight of her dragging on the sensual, white cigarette and breathing in deeply as she bent down to slowly exhale into my face.

With one hand kneading her breast, my mouth still sucking greedily on her nipple, my other hand slid up the old woman's thigh to the warmness of her cunt; as she'd been told, she wasn't wearing panties and I was able to feel the hairy, warm, wet folds of her cunt with my fingers. She moaned and I breathed in deeply to inhale her exhaled smoke, close to my face. I sucked harder on the long, thick, rubbery nipple and kneaded her tit-flesh as I pushed a finger inside the old woman's warm, wet cunt.

Doris was obviously enjoying my lovemaking; as my fingers probed around her old cunt she was getting wetter and wetter and she was moaning beautifully as she smoked for me and exhaled her smoke into my face.

"Good, girl, Amy," she said, "fuck your mommy's cunt you nasty little girl!"

I watched Doris' face as I pushed four fingers inside her and she took a last drag of her cigarette; she leaned close to me. I let her hard nipple slip from between my lips and let her mouth cover mine, holding me close with a hand behind my head as she breathed her cigarette smoke slowly into my open, warm and willing mouth. As we kissed I opened my mouth to allow the old woman's wet tongue to probe and explore; I tasted her smoky saliva and her lipstick as she probed me and held me tight. My cunt was gaping with excitement and I could feel my love juices running down the insides of my bare thighs.

I broke the kiss and told her to light another cigarette; as she did so, I worked my fingers around inside her sopping wet, well-used, old cunt and, just as she took a first, deep inhale, I pushed firmly and got all my hand inside her sopping hole.

"Mmmmmm, fucking hell!" she exclaimed in a cloud of exhaled cigarette smoke, as I started to force my hand around inside her, pumping and fist-fucking her. She took a deep drag on her cigarette and I closed my lips around her mouth, allowing her to breathe her smoke into my young lungs; I accepted it greedily as I continued to fist her cunt and drink down her bitter, smoky saliva.

As Doris smoked and closed her mouth over mine to breathe her loving, cigarette smoke into my lungs, I fisted her harder and harder. I took care, however, not to bring the old woman to orgasm until she had smoked another two cigarettes, all the while filling my lungs with the acrid smoke during our continuous wet, passionate kissing. I was getting so worked up and needing to be brought to orgasm myself that I decided to make her cum. As she closed her smoky mouth over mine from the last drag on her cigarette, I could feel that she was very close to orgasm. I fisted her cunt furiously and the old woman came in a loud screaming orgasm, her mouth clamped to mine and her lungs exploding the smoky exhale into my body with her scream of pleasure. She shook and writhed in orgasmic pleasure as I continued to fist her hard, fast and deeply.

"You need another cigarette, mommy," I told her.

"Oh, yes, darling, I do," as she reached out to get one, "that as so fucking good, darling, thank you," she added.

I reached out and picked up her lipstick, which she'd placed by her cigarettes and lighter, and passed it to her. "Put some more lipstick on, mommy, please!" I loved the look of her old, whore's face - her lipstick garishly smeared from our passionate, wet kissing.

I delighted in slowly moving my hand, that was still deep inside Doris' cunt, as I watched her apply more red, greasy lipstick and then light her cigarette. As she took a first, long, deep inhale, I slowly pulled my hand from inside her and watched as another post-orgasmic tremor caused her to moan with pleasure. "Is mommy pleased with her naughty, little, girl?" I asked her.

"Mommy, is pleased, yes," she told me, "but now you have to be punished for being naughty!" she told me. "Stand up girl!"

I got up to my feet and standing between her warm, nylon-covered thighs I was so excited.

She reached out and, with a red-tipped, long fingernail, gently felt the contours of my hairless cunt, lingering over the insides of the lips which were already wet with anticipation.

"Turn around, Amy, and show me your nasty, dirty arse!"

I turned slowly and bent down, reaching behind me and grabbing my bottom cheeks, parting them so the old whore could see and have total access to my tight, pink arse hole. I heard Doris take a deep drag on her cigarette and then felt her large, warm mouth breath smoke so close to my arse, but not touching, that I shivered with pent-up desire and moaned.

"Your, nasty, dirty little girls arse looks good enough to kiss, Amy."

"Oh, mommy, please will you kiss me there where I'm dirty?"

"Of course, darling," she said, and I felt her warm lips on my arse as she started to kiss my brown, puckered ring. I relaxed my arse and felt her warm, wet tongue start to probe and lick me as she kissed my arse hole. As she pulled away to take a drag on her cigarette I moaned with pleasure and waited for her to resume the wet probing of my arse with her old, tart's tongue.

Doris licked and kissed and sucked at my arse until she'd smoked her cigarette and stubbed it out, and then, as I'd instructed her, the next part of out game would start.

"Grab your bottom, Amy make sure your arse is ready for me!" she instructed.

I pulled my bottom cheeks as far apart as I could in readiness and relaxed my arse as I felt Doris' finger firmly force its way inside my tight hole. "Oh, mommy, please don't touch me there!" I whined, as she started to fuck my arse with her finger.

"Shut up, girl!" she answered as she removed her finger from my hole. I heard her take another cigarette and light it. "A dirty girl like you should be used as an ashtray!"

Where her finger had been moments before, I now felt the firm probing at my arse of what I knew to be the first of the old whore's lipstick-stained cigarette butts, as she firmly pushed one into my bottom with her finger, making sure it went deep within me. I was in heaven as I felt her probe my arse again and another cigarette but went inside me.

"Just a few more to go you dirty slut!" she informed me, as she pushed another cigarette butt up unto my arse.

Doris had certainly done as I'd asked her; she'd been around her flat getting full ashtrays and had accumulated a lot of her lipstick-stained smoked cigarettes. I stood there as I felt her push one after another inside my arse, occasionally using the wetness from my dripping cunt to wet my hole with her finger. I simply stood there, holding my bottom totally exposed for her, my knees trembling with excitement as I allowed the old whore to abuse my arse and use it as an ashtray. I relished each one inserted until finally I must have had fifty of her cigarette butts inside me. She took a last drag on her cigarette and stubbed it out, only to then push that inside me too.

"There, Amy, a last one for your dirty hole and a loving present from, mommy!"

Already I could feel the heady sensation of concentrated nicotine from the cigarette butts inside me. She was feeding my very insides with her lipstick and smoked, used, cigarettes.

"Now, Amy, stand up and turn around and come and love mommy!"

I did as I was told and as I stood up I could feel my full rectum ache with a delicious feeling of being stuffed with the old whore's used cigarettes. I was being so excitingly dirty and I now really need her to finish her job.

I sat in Doris' lap and watched her closely as she took a fresh cigarette and lit it, totally fascinated in my fetish desires as I took in every detail of her red lips as they closed on the filter and the wrinkles of her face as she inhaled deeply.

As the whore finished her inhale and pulled the cigarette from between her wet, red, greasy lips, I put my arm around her neck and pressed my mouth to hers. As she slowly exhaled the thick cigarette smoke, I breathed in, filling my own, young lungs with her smoke.

As I exhaled the whore's second-hand smoke, she took the opportunity to take another deep drag and I once again pressed my lips to hers for her to fill me once more. As she kissed me and filled me with her smoke, Doris moved me slightly in her lap and I felt her hand slide over my soft, bare thigh and place her hand on my cunt. Her fingers parted my cunt lips and she slipped two fingers inside me.

I moaned with pleasure, exhaling her cigarette smoke, as she forced another finger in me and started to fuck slowly but forcefully. I watched as she took another drag and I immediately kissed her with open mouth, allowing her to probe me with her tongue as she breathed smoke into me and I accepted it with passion.

I started to squirm around in her lap as Doris finally managed to force all four of her fingers inside my cunt and started to rub my clitty with her thumb. Oh, God, I was in absolute ecstasy! Here I was, a ten-year-old girl being fucked by a whore old enough to be my grandmother, as she kissed me with obscenely lipstick-smeared mouth and was continually filling my lungs with her cigarette smoke, relishing the filled ache of my arse, full with her used, dirty cigarette butts. I was so close to coming now that I told Doris not to make me come just yet, but to make it last as long as possible.

She finished her cigarette and immediately lit another. "Okay, baby girl, don't worry darling, your mommy knows how to keep you going for ages yet," as he probed me with her fingers but stopped rubbing my clit.

She kissed me deeply and breathed her smoky breath into me. I felt for her breast and gripped the hard, rubbery, fat nipple with my finger and thumb, pulling and twisting and trying to give the whore some pleasure. She moaned and kissed me deeper, her tongue filling my mouth and her fingers in my cunt barely moving, so as to keep me on the edge of orgasm.

Doris was very good at pleasuring a girl, as she just kept me from coming through another two cigarettes; my cunt was sopping wet from being filled with her four fingers; my arse aching from the cigarette butts filling it and my head buzzing with the intense nicotine rush caused from her exhaled smoke and the butts in my arse. I was ready to cum and needed it so badly.

"Now, mommy, please mommy!" I pleaded.

"All right, baby girl, in a moment," she told me, stubbing out her cigarette and getting another. After lighting her cigarette, the old tart left it dangling from the very corner of her mouth and put her hand up under my vest and started to tweak my nipples - pulling them hard as she rammed her fingers into my cunt and rubbed my clitty with her thumb.

I opened my eyes and carefully pressed my lips to hers, which were partially parted, the cigarette dangling from the other corner as she breathed her smoke into me continually.

The old whore pulled my nipples savagely and twisted them to hurt me as her hand pounded into my tight cunt. I pressed my mouth harder to hers, continually inhaling her smoke, and in return, I pulled on her old, wrinkled tit, and twisted her nipple hard.

As I came to an earth-shattering orgasm I screamed with pleasure and thrust my cunt hard against her deeply-probing hand. She stopped the savage attack on my nipples and took hold of her cigarette, taking a huge drag on it and clamped her mouth over mine, forcing her smoky exhale into my lungs with a powerful blow. I coughed and choked and screamed with another orgasm and her fingers pounded into my cunt again, her thumb rubbing hard on my clitty.

After what seemed like an age of agonisingly ecstatic multiple orgasms, the old whore finally allowed me to come down from the body-racking exertions and carefully pulled her fingers from within my now sore cunt. I shuddered again as she did so and she kissed me deeply, murmuring words of love and kindness, knowing that she had done things exactly as I'd asked. There was only one more thing she had to do but that would come in a few minutes' time when we'd relaxed a little.

Doris lit a fresh cigarette and we kissed and cuddled as I sat close and warm in her lap; my hands around her neck as I fondled her breasts and played with her hair; caressing her face and tracing her lips and eyes and the wrinkled, soft skin with my fingers; kissing deeply and wetly; inhaling her cigarette smoke and sucking her warm, saliva-coated tongue; whispering endearments and feeling her gentle fingers softly stroking my well-used cunt.

We stayed that way for a while until I knew that I had to leave. I asked if I could call a taxi on her phone and she nodded to where it was across the room. Reluctantly I got up from her lap and she slipped her finger from with me, which she had tenderly introduced into my cunt as we sat kissing.

I booked a taxi that would arrive in about fifteen minutes and went back to the whore's bedroom to clean myself up. Doris had lit another cigarette and was laid back on the sofa relaxing; her legs splayed and her old, well-used cunt in full view as I reluctantly left her.

Standing at the dressing table I carefully cleaned the smeared lipstick from around my face and tidied my hair. I took off my ankle socks and vest and dressed again in my "normal" clothes, and then picked up my bag.

I turned and Doris, the old whore was stood in the doorway. "Before you go, you dirty little girl, mommy has a special present for you. Turn round and pull down your jeans!" she ordered.

I did as she said and placed my hands on the bed, my jeans around my ankles and my bottom exposed and waiting for the final and dirtiest part of what I'd paid her. I turned my head to watch as the old whore reached around herself to her own bottom and, with her cigarette clamped between her lips, she pulled from her own arse the butt plug I'd given to her when I'd arrived. She squatted slightly to allow her to pull it from within her smelly, dark hole and moaned as she pulled it out.

"Mommy's special present for her dirty girl," she said as she held the base of the plug and moved towards me. I could see that the deep ridges of the butt plug were thickly coated with her shit and I could already smell the nasty filth as she came closer.

"Got to keep all of mommy's special cigarette butts in her ashtray," she explained as she parted my bottom cheeks and started to push the filthy, shit-coated butt plug into my arse.

I moaned with pleasure as I felt the long, thick plug enter me and, as she forced it further into me, each ridge opened my arse repeatedly until all six inches of it was firmly inside me, right up to the base. My rectum ached at being filled even more but I need this ache and pleasure. I knew that my arse was smeared with the old whore's smelly shit and that most of it was now deeply embedded inside me, but I didn't wipe any of it off before I stood up and thanked her. I pulled up my jeans and gave her a last warm kiss on the cheek. "Thank you mommy for that. I promise that I'll keep all your presents in me as long as I can," I smiled at her, knowing that later that night, I would lie in bed and use the filthy butt plug as the tastiest lollypop ever.

Doris, the old whore accompanied me to the door of her flat and gave me a little kiss. "You can come and play with me any time you want, darling," she assured me, "just remember that old Doris is here for you," she continued, "any time you want to be my ashtray slut, you know where to find me."

"Thanks Doris, love," I replied, "you were a pleasure to be with, but," I informed her, "I like to play afresh each time and it's a big city. Thanks for your time. Good luck and I'll never forget you." I leaned up and kissed her in thanks, then turned my back on her and went down the stairs to the taxi.

The next Saturday night was only another seven days away!


If you enjoyed this story or have any comments about it, please email the author at:
kathysmokes1@hotmail.com

