It has been two days since the Berrying. During that time, much had been accomplished, at least according to Tarrant.

Chessur's seeming omnipresence was not as infallible as the Cat would have all believe. Tarrant and Alice had managed to dodge him a time or two; in the process, they had become quite familiar with the interiors of several castle closets. Even the Cat's outrage had been incapable of dimming their mirth when they'd been caught out again.

So, at the insistence of their Chaperone, he and Alice had spent a very lovely day walking together up and down the various paths of the assorted White Gardens, each pointing out what plants and sculptures snagged their attention. It would have been infinitely lovelier, had they not had the interfering presence of the Cheshire Cat dogging their every step (Tarrant had shared this observation of his behavior with the Cat, who had not been amused by the comparison in the slightest) and minutely watching their every move, but he was mostly content.

At dinner that evening, he'd worked up the nerve to broach the subject of the Locksmith, and what they would need to do to even request work on their lock. First, he'd said, they needed to find a proper present for the creature, as was custom.

"The only problem," he'd lisped, "is that I am uncertain what would be the proper gift in this instance, Alice."

It was then that Alice had an immeasurably wise solution:

"Why don't we ask him what sort of gift he'd prefer?"

After dinner, they had done just that. Chessur had made noises of complaint about the amount of time he was having to spend in their presence, had stated that he had his own things to do and places to be, but Alice, with her usual calm manner and rational speech, had petted the slurvish creature's ears and promised that this would be their last activity of the evening.

That had pacified Chess to the point that he only complained every twelve paces instead of constantly. Tarrant was quite proud of her for this unheard-of accomplishment.

At the Shop door, Alice had been the one to raise her hand and knock (he is still so unused to seeing her arms completely covered in the mesh-netting gloves that were popular among Courting women—he would be pleased when he is able to see her Alice skin again, instead of those contraptions of discomfort!). They'd waited in near-silence after, wondering if perhaps the Locksmith was not in. Just when Alice had begun to sigh and turn toward him, just as his fear that she is on the verge of suggesting that they wait until later had started rising, her knock had been answered.

A bird had zoomed out of a knothole, appraised them both with a gimlet eye, and then demanded, "Wot you want, eh?"

Tarrant had bristled at the way the creature dared to speak to his Intended, and had been prepared to step forward, but a hand on his arm had had him subsiding. Alice had stepped forward instead, enchanted.

"I've never seen a bird such as this! Tarrant, look at him! What did he say? It almost sounded like he was humming!"

"Of course, Alice." Tarrant had explained, "He is a humming bird."

She'd continued to exclaim in delight at how gorgeous his plumage was, how wonderful his beak, how smart his wings. By the time her child-like delight had calmed, the bird was quite enpuffed. So enpuffed, in fact, that when Tarrant had finally been able to hum to him the cause of their visit, the bird had insisted on there being no giving of gifts ("For really, the best thing a man of my years can receive are compliments from a lovely young woman!") and that, were they ready, he would be happy to Collect the hair for their Locks the following morning.

So happy as to be nearly overflowing with the emotion, Tarrant had nonetheless forced himself to remain outwardly calm (a very difficult task for him indeed) and inform Alice of their good fortune as he gently escorted her away and back towards her rooms.

"I will see you tomorrow, then?"

"Of course." He'd leaned in to kiss her cheek, had just caught the faint whiff of her unique Alice scent, when the Cat had, of course, had to ruin it for him. What he'd wanted to do was to haul her close, trace her lips with his tongue, dip it inside her mouth, where they could tangle, enmesh, become closer and more complete and—

"Would you take control of yourself!"

Tarrant trips back into the present, stumbling ahead of the grousing Cat. His haste and speed requires Chessur to mist and reform, mist and reform, and so on and so forth, just to keep pace. That would be reason enough for Tarrant to ignore his request, but it is a different goal altogether that drives him.

"How can I? Alice and I are getting our Locks of hair Collected to-day!" Such an occasion it is! Why, he can not recall exactly how long it has been since anyone has even stepped out of the library, let alone gotten to this stage of Courting. He veritably feels like singing.

"Yes, I know," the Cat says dryly. "It is all you've been able to babble about since we've left your rooms. I do not care for your shenanigans, Tarrant. I had been very successful in avoiding the White Queen's attempts at luring me into her chaperone program. For years I've turned down her persistent requests and subverted her schemes! Until now. All thanks to you!"

"You're welcome. It is a respectable Cat indeed who is gainfully employed!"

A slight whoosh and a puff of displaced air, and Chessur is floating directly in front of his face. "Do you think that Cats care for respectability? Not hardly! Your behavior is a very sour way indeed to repay one who has saved your life, you know. Why, if not for me, you'd be just another bobbing head in the moat of Salazem Grum."

"But I'm not just a head, Chessur, I'm a Tarrant, who is going to an Alice, and… and… now…" he clears his throat; his joy is no longer able to be contained.

"Don't you dare!" Chessur hisses.

Music swells from an unknown source, Tarrant opens his mouth, takes a deep breath...

"Stop that! Right this instant!" Chessur yowls. The music abruptly dies away, sounding like the records he'd play at the tea-table when either he or Thackery would accidentally bump the stand. The breath Tarrant had gathered deflates from his lungs. His bowtie sags in sympathy.

"But-"

"I don't care, Tarrant! No singing!"

They were silent for several paces. Then, tilting his head in Chessur's direction shyly, Tarrant says, "This is really happening, isn't it? I'm really… and she's…."

The Cat's face softens as he regards Tarrant. Finally, flopping over onto his back and swimming through the air ahead of him, Chessur agrees, "Yes, Tarrant. This is really happening. You and Alice are courting, and I am really chaperoning you."

"Alice…" Tarrant says dreamily. The music begins to rise again.

"No! Absolutely not! There will be no singing while I'm here!" Chessur yowls, but it is Too Late.

Give me a smile, the love-light in your eyes 
Life could not hold a sweeter paradise 
Give me the right to love you all the while
My world forever, the sunshine of your smile...

The music becomes louder and continues to filter through the air. Tarrant steps-shuffles-slides across Marmoreal's marble floors.

Shadows may fall across the land and sea

Sunshine from all the world may hidden be 
But I shall see no clouds across the sun 
Your smile shall light my life till life is done...

This continues, with Tarrant singing and dancing , and Chessur complaining about it, until they reach Alice's door. Tarrant raises his hand to knock, but before his knuckles can meet the panel, it swings open. The music gives one last triumphant swell of emotive grandeur, and then subsides.

"Anticipating me, Alice?" Gap-toothed and stained though it is, Tarrant still smiles wide.

"Erm… not exactly." Alice rubs the back of her neck with one hand, shuffles on her feet as she looks down at the folds of her skirt. Since the start of their Courting, Alice has taken to wearing skirts again, instead of the trousers and shirts she'd donned when she'd first arrived from Above. While her trousers fit very nicely (showing off the delicious swell of her hips especially), Tarrant has to admit to himself that he holds a certain fondness for the swish of a skirt on her delicate frame.

"I could hear you coming… from a ways off." She smiles cheekily at him; he knows he is not the best singer, but…

"That awful, was it?" he asks, cheerfulness unabated. Taking a step forward, he reaches out and grasps one of her bare hands.

"Of course it was that awful!" Chessur interrupts. "Oh, do not start breaking the Rules already, Tarrant! Let go of her hand." Starting, Tarrant does just that. The Cheshire Cat then redirects his attention to the Champion.

"And you, Alice! Where are your gloves? I'll not be escorting you or Tarrant anywhere if you can not even be bothered to properly clothe yourself."

"They itch," Alice explains petulantly. Tarrant makes a mental note to craft her a better, more comfortable pair than the ones she has borrowed from Lady Philomena (whom had not ordered her gloves from him). If they are so inferior in quality as to cause her that much discomfort, he must Make Time to craft new pair as soon as possible!

Colors, patterns, and weaves float through his brain (this has the added advantage of directing his thoughts away from how delectable her lower lip looks when stuck out in such a manner—as if it were made for nibbling and suckling upon!) until Tarrant remembers what he'd thought of those gloves the day before. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. "Perhaps 'twould be best if you did fetch them, Alice."

She stops, looks at Tarrant as if he's betrayed her, and then flounces back into her rooms. The door clicks shut, followed by the unmistakable sounds of slamming and banging, as if she's taking out her frustration with the gloves on the hapless furniture. (Which she really should not do; if she places something within that same furniture later, it might 'disappear', as furnishings are known for being quite tetchy about being blamed for things that are not their fault. Has no one informed her of this? He'll have to correct that oversight as soon as possible!)

The door reopens and Alice steps out, her arms now imprisoned in above-the-elbow fine mesh gloves. This pair is a very light shade of lavender, which complements the pale, pale green of her dress. If the outfit were on another he would call it wonderful indeed, but on Alice, the celery-colored velvet seems...incorrect. Wrong. What could her maid be thinking?

Why, if he were dressing Alice, he would clothe her in silks and cotton, decorate her with ribbons and pearls, adorn her with richest jewel tones, not this washed-out velvet confection of muted enthusiasm.

Holding out his arm and twitching his brows, Alice accepts it and his silent apology with a tilt to her head and a not-quite-smile on her lips. They walk, arm in arm, occasionally drifting too close to one another, which causes Chessur to remind them (again) that they are to Keep Their Distance, that they are not observing Proper Courting Procedure.

And then they are there. Directed to go straight inside by the bored raccoon at the door (Tarrant believes it may be one of the Diggadilly boys, but he is not certain), they are greeted with enthusiasm and warmth from the humming bird inside.

"'Ello, 'ello! Come, come!" Enthusiastically urging them forward, the humming bird from the night before introduces himself as Humbert, informs them that he'll be looking for stray or loosening hairs upon their head with which to craft the lock, and that the process of Collecting could take several hours. He then has them sit in chairs, side by side, and begins to go to work.

"I'll have quite the time with this lock, I'll have you know, boy-o," Humbert says, buzzing from one side of Tarrant's head to the other. "Such curly hair, from the both of yous! At least the Lady's is somewhat smooth, but honestly…" he darts around to the front of Tarrant's head, jabbing his long beak in an alarming manner. "Such frizz!"

"You will be able to craft with it though, won't you?" Tarrant is sure he's seen courtiers with hair more unruly than his own! Just because he doesn't press and iron and flatten and mold it into any number of ridiculously absurd shapes or patterns or…he pats the sides of his head, suddenly self-conscious. "Do you think…?" he hums, raising his eyebrows significantly and looking at Alice.

"Hm! Don't be worrying yourself none about her. If an unruly bit of frizzled crest was enough to chase that one away, you'd have never gotten to this point, eh?" Snapping around to the back of Tarrant's head, (only after giving an apprehensive look to the grin floating in the corner) he bobs for his apprentice, a drably colored female that had been introduced as Mulinda.

"You deal with this one, will you, dearie?" Humbert buzzes, and Mulinda nods her acceptance. "No use having an apprentice if you can't give them some of the more undesirable tasks, eh?" Humbert asks him in a conspiratorial manner. "No offense to you, of course!" he adds, no doubt realizing how rude that statement could be perceived as.

"Now, then, let's get to work."