

                  
Nerve Endings - 6

by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

The afternoon continues at the nude beach and things 
heat up in the car on the ride home. (ff-teens, exh, 
rom)

***

We all sat around and ate lunch. Angie and I had wine 
coolers while the parent's drank beer. My folk's have 
always allowed me to have wine, as long as it was under 
their supervision. I guess Angie's folks felt the same, 
since they didn't object, as we sipped our coolers and 
jabbered on about school, and boys, and girl friends.

Finally Tom and his wife got up to leave and my face 
fell, as Angie grabbed my hand and we both blurted out, 
"NO! We just got acquainted! Can't you stay a little 
while longer?"

"We really need to get home, since Tom is leaving for 
Europe tomorrow."

Tears started down my face as I said, "But, mom! You 
can't take away my friend, please?"

Both sets of parents stared in shock as Angie and I 
huddled tight together. Tom said, "Well, I suppose 
Angie could stay with you guys while I'm gone, if you 
don't mind another mouth to feed." Dad and mom said it 
would be fine, as long as we bunked together, and I 
shared my clothes, etc.

Angie smiled at me, and hugged me, as we jumped up and 
down with joy! 

Angie's parents left then, and we settled down next to 
each other on our towels, and continued to chatter like 
two little magpies, as my folks dozed under the 
umbrella. We were lying on our stomachs and looking at 
each other, with our elbows under us. My nipples were 
pushed into the towel, and the fabric began to excite 
them, when I moved them around as we talked. Slowly 
they stiffened until they were sticking out hard!

I whispered softly in her ear, "I'm getting hot from 
this sun. I see your nipples getting longer, too. Can 
you kiss me, please?"

She put her mouth up to my ear, and ran her tongue in 
and out a couple of times, as she panted softly, "What 
about your parents?"

I shivered at the delicious feeling of her tongue and 
breathing in my ear.

"I think they are asleep, so if we're careful I don't 
think they will know."

She looked over my shoulder to check, and then slowly 
put her sweet little full lips against mine. I gasped 
and licked her lips, as she slowly slid her long fat 
tongue over mine and into my mouth. I moaned as she 
began to fuck my mouth with her tongue! With each 
thrust she went deeper until I felt her tongue hit my 
vocal chords! My mouth was hanging open as she ravaged 
me, and I came as I stifled a scream! She kept it up 
for a long time as orgasmic waves swept over me. 

Finally she pulled out, and grinned at me, and 
whispered," Wow, you really get off on my tongue, 
don't you?" I stared into her beautiful green eyes as 
I nodded, and nuzzled her cute little nose. "God, what 
you do to me! I love it! I can't wait to feel that 
thing in my cunt!"

"I really want to lick you all over, and stick my 
tongue in all your holes until you are cumming on my 
face over and over!" Her dirty talk was really getting 
me hot again, as I wiggled my hips against the towel. 
She looked down my back and watched my rear end 
vibrating as she lay down flat and ran her right hand 
down between us, and over under my leg. Slowly she 
worked her hand under me as she watched my face flush, 
and my eyelids flutter. I moaned softly," You're 
driving me crazy! I'm wetting the towel with my juices! 
Please, rub my lips and clit."

She looked over to check my folks again, then slowly 
slid her fingers into my cunt, and began fingering me. 
I lifted my hips up slightly, to give her more room, as 
I humped her hand faster and faster! I was still up on 
my elbows as I rocked up and down on her hand. 

The rocking motion rubbed my nipples, and I slid one 
hand under my body and pulled hard on one, as I jerked, 
and moaned, and panted, "Uunh, unh, unh, unh, oh Angie! 
Oh fuck me! Fuck me, faster, faster, harder! Harder, 
harder! Shove your hand deeper, unh, unh!! I'm 
cumming!! Oh God I'm cumming sooooo hard!!" I shook and 
twitched as each spasm rocked me, until I couldn't 
stand it any longer, and flopped on the towel with my 
mouth hanging open and sweat running off my face!

She gave me a final squeeze and slowly pulled her hand 
out and held it up to my face and I sucked her fingers 
clean of my juices. Angie reached over and moved my 
hair away from my eyes, and kissed me softly all over 
my face as she whispered," I love you," over and over 
again. I was in heaven!

"I'm all sticky, let's go wash off in the surf," I 
said, as I pulled her up, and held her hand, as we 
staggered into the warm water. We splashed around for a 
while. By now the beach was almost deserted. As we 
cavorted I felt Angie pull on my hand and place it on 
her outstretched little honey colored nipple." Please 
pull on my nipples," she begged." Pull them as hard as 
you can. I really like that; it's what I do when I 
masturbate at home!"

I grabbed both of her little nipples and tugged them 
away from her little breasts until I thought they would 
pull off! She gasped and squirmed as she came, and 
threw her arms around me tight as she shuddered! She 
moaned in my ear and thrust her cunt against mine, I 
felt her clit swelling as it slid between my lips, and 
she began fucking me with it. 

She pumped faster and faster until she jammed her clit 
hard into mine and came again, as I was racked by an 
intense orgasm myself! We clung to each other and 
jerked against each other until the contractions 
subsided. We kissed and licked and sucked all over our 
faces as tears of joy ran down our cheeks!

I don't know how long we stood there but I finally 
patted her cute little rear and said.

"We better go back now, little lover, or we won't be 
able to walk!" She giggled and hugged me as we walked 
up the beach. When we reached the log, my parents were 
still asleep. Angie looked at my Dad's penis and 
whispered, "I'd like some of that, wouldn't you?" 

I giggled and nodded, "Yeah, but he's too straight to 
ever do anything like that. I tried to entice him once 
and all he did was jerk off watching me. That was 
really neat, though, I had an orgasm with him!"

She stared at me, and then grinned as she said," That's 
wild. My Dad would never allow that, no way!"

I whispered," Maybe we can have some fun someday 
together, what do you think?"

"Cool, I'd really go for that as long as you were with 
me, okay?"

"Silly, I'll always be with you, you can count on 
that!"

She hugged me again and clung to me! I never felt so 
loved!

Mom opened her eyes and sat up and looked at us 
hugging.

"I see you two are still at it! Have you been good 
while I was asleep?"

"Very good!" we giggled, as mom eyed us suspiciously, 
which made us giggle even more!

Dad woke up and said we should be getting home so we 
picked up all the gear and went back to the lockers. 
There are showers by the building so we rinsed off and 
dried our slightly sunburned little bodies.

"Mom, can Angie and I wear our moist towels in the car? 
Our clothes will probably hurt."

"Sure, I guess it will be alright, won't it, Dad?"

"Okay by me."

So Angie and I piled into the Blazer, with just towels 
on, and immediately snuggled into one corner as mom 
watched us from the front seat.

"You guys don't like each other much, do you?" she 
said.

"Yeah, kinda'" we both echoed, as we broke down in 
giggles again. We held both hands together and snuggled 
as close as we could get.

As we rode for a while the towels got cold, so I asked 
mom to hand me the throw blanket we keep under the 
front seat, and Angie and I slid our towels off and 
pulled the blanket over our naked bodies. We snuggled 
and played with each other until we fell asleep.

We awakened as we reached the city and it was dark out, 
so we were in our little cocoon in the back, and my 
folks were only shadows in the front.

Angie whispered in my ear," Let's lie down on the 
seat," so we slid down with the blanket over us, and I 
pulled her over on top of me, as we started kissing and 
fondling each other under the throw. Her smooth skin 
felt so good as she slid up and down on me and pushed 
her leg between mine. Then she moved over on top and 
shoved her clit against my cunt lips and I moaned. I 
spread my legs open and pulled her rear hard to get her 
clit into my cunt. 

She was moaning softly in my ear as she ran her tongue 
over my face and into my ear. When she sucked on my ear 
I went crazy and humped her clit faster. She kept 
sucking and panting in my ear until I jerked my hips up 
off the seat and squirted all over her clit! She kept 
rubbing and the juices flowed between us until I could 
hear a soft squishing sound as she fucked me. That took 
me over the top again as she writhed on top with her 
own orgasm.

We lay there panting and kissing until we cooled down. 
I looked up and saw mom looking over the seat at us. 
She must have guessed what we were doing because she 
just smiled and slid over by Dad and disappeared from 
view! I heard Dad gasp and he began to moan as mom 
evidently was sucking on his penis! I motioned to Angie 
and she looked up too and grinned as she ground against 
me again!

"Let's cum with him, okay?" she whispered. I nodded and 
began fucking her harder again. We reached over to the 
seat back and could feel the vibrations as he bucked 
against mom's mouth! As he moved faster, we did too, 
until the whole car was rocking wildly! Then Dad gasped 
and jerked in his seat and Angie and I jerked against 
each other as we came together!

We saw mom sit up as Dad was evidently adjusting his 
pants. She looked back at me and winked and we giggled!

We pulled into the drive and Angie and I ran into the 
house stark naked! Mom and Dad laughed as we ran 
upstairs. We burst into my room and I threw Angie on 
the bed and jumped on her! I tickled her and we had a 
pillow fight as we ogled each other and played grab ass 
games. Then we took a shower together, and put on 
oversized baggy tee shirts over our glowing naked 
bodies, and went down for dinner.

***

