                       It's Only a Game
                        (MF,MF, swap)

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Two couples get carried away playing an adult version of a silly
children's game.

The title is meant to be taken literally. There's not much plot here,
but this game that I invented many years ago seems to have some richly
erotic possibilities.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

It was getting to be a habit, but a nice one. Every Saturday evening
we'd get together with Bob and Peggy, either at their place or ours.
We'd have dinner together, play some cards, and just enjoy the
company. Fran and I agreed they'd become our best friends, and I think
they felt the same about us. There wasn't anything overtly sexual
about our relationship  we were just friends, or so we thought until
last week.

We'd gone over to their house this time. They both greeted us at the
door; Bob gave my Fran a big hug, and I did the same to Peggy. There
was nothing unusual in that, we always hugged when we got together and
when we said good night. And yet, there was something different about
it for me this time. I've heard people talk about perfume being
"alluring". Well, now I know what they mean. Whatever it was that
Peggy had used that night really turned me on. I flushed and broke the
embrace somewhat abruptly. 'Shame on you', I thought to myself.

Peggy had fixed a really nice dinner, pot roast with all the
trimmings, and had some excellent red wine to go with it. Fran and I
usually don't drink at all, but we each had two glasses this time. I
don't know, maybe it was the wine, but I kept smelling that perfume
and I kept watching Peggy out of the corner of my eye. I'm sure it was
the wine that had us all giggling by the end of the meal.

After the girls had cleared the dishes we all sat back down for a game
of cards.

"What'll it be, Hearts?"

"Naw, I'm tired of that, how about Canasta?"

"We can't, we only have one deck."

"Well, we could always play Poker."

"But I didn't bring any money," Fran objected.

"No problem," I threw in, "we could play Strip Poker." Whatever
possessed me to say that I'll never know. The wine and the perfume, I
guess.

Bob and Peggy both laughed, but Fran looked shocked. "Ted! Shame on
you!"

"I was only joking," I protested.

But then Fran giggled a bit herself. "Do people actually play that, or
is it just a joke?"

"Oh, I understand people actually do." Bob said. "Hell, I know they
do. In fact," he lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper "I
played it once myself."

"You did? And just exactly when was that?" his wife demanded.

"It was long before I met you," Bob explained. "In fact I was just a
kid. And to tell the truth, it wasn't all that great. I mean, you'd
probably guess it was very erotic, and ended in an orgy or something.
But it was really mostly just embarrassing."

"So, what happened?" I prodded him.

"Well, one of the gals did have to take off her bra, and you'd think
that would have been a real turn on for the guys, but she was so
embarrassed about it that we ended up feeling sorry for her instead."

"Did you stop playing at that point?", Fran asked.

"No, not really, but ... oh hell, let's change the subject."

"Oh, no," we were all pushing him now, "you gotta tell us how it
ended."

Bob was obviously very reluctant to finish the story, but he finally
admitted, "Uh, the game ended when I got cleaned out and had to take
off my undershorts. I was dreading it so much that by the time it
happened I was totally limp, and everybody teased me about how small I
was."

We all had a good laugh over that, except Bob, who was quite red in
the face.

"Well, I guess we can forget about that one," Peggy finally declared,
"so what can we play?"

"Actually," Bob said a bit hesitantly, "a guy at work told me about
game that he said was a lot better than Strip Poker."

I was all ears. "All right, tell us more."

"Well, OK, but it's kinda raunchy."

The girls both giggled.

"Hey, we're grownups, we can handle it," Fran threw in.

Now it was my turn to be shocked at her, but I didn't say anything.

"All right, you asked for it. The game is called 'Peter, Pill, and
Mary' for that folk singing trio back in the sixties, but it's really
an adult version of the old children's game called 'Paper, Scissors
and Stone'."

"I remember that," Fran said, "and it sounds pretty boring."

"Oh, I don't think you'll find this boring," Bob replied with a wicked
smile. "If you remember that game, you do this thing of two people
pounding their fists into the palms of their other hand in a rhythm
together as they both say 'one, two, three', but on 'three' they may
change their fist to another shape. Well, in this version the shapes
are Peter, Pill, and Mary.

"Maybe you can guess what shape Peter is."

We all snickered a bit nervously at that.

"Yep, it's the famous Finger." Which he proceeded to produce.

"Pill is the birth control pill, which you show as a flat hand, and
Mary is, well just a woman, but you show it as an open fist with your
thumb and forefinger making a circle like this. It's supposed to
represent her c... umm vagina." We all giggled again, even more
nervously.

"See, the thing is," he went on, "Peter wins over Mary because he can
penetrate her."

This with a rather graphic demonstration as he made Peter with one
hand and Mary with the other, and ran Peter in and out, in and out, of
the hole.

"See, I told you it was raunchy."

The girls were both tittering but trying to hide it. Me, I felt just
bold enough from the wine to say, "go on, tell us more."

"Well, the Pill wins over Peter, because it can thwart his primary
purpose in life." Another demonstration followed, of Peter being
stopped by the flat hand. More titters from the girls.

"Finally, Mary wins over the Pill, because she's the one who decides
whether to take it or not."

Bob paused and looked around the table. He was apparently satisfied by
what he saw.

"Now, time to get started. You and I can go first, Peggy."

"OK, what do I do," she giggled.

"Just decide which shape you are going with ... Now make a fist and
here we go: one, two, three." On three, Bob came down with Peter and
Peggy came down with Pill.

"OK, you win. That means you get a point. All you have to do is get
eight points and you've won the game. Now you do it with Ted."

I thought I heard my Fran breathe a sigh of relief at that point. I
imagined her thinking, 'That shouldn't be too hard'. But I was quickly
diverted to other thoughts ... thoughts of peters and perfumes and
cunts. Guessing that Peggy might try the same thing again, on three I
opened my hand to be Mary. I looked at her hand, and yes, it was flat.

"Ted wins," Bob declared. "You have to name something you are wearing,
and let him take it off from you."

"You didn't tell us about that part!" Peggy was obviously flustered.

I was grinning from ear to ear. "Come on," I said, "what'll it be?"

She flushed, but then said, "a shoe".

She and Bob were sitting on one side of the table, with Fran and I on
the other. Peggy was across from me, and Bob across from Fran. I got
up, walked around the table, and knelt beside Peggy's chair. She
cautiously slid her foot out from under the table and I slipped her
shoe off.

"Now what do I do with it?" I asked.

"Go sit down, and put it on the table in front of you," Bob replied.

"So now it's my turn with Fran, right?"

Bob shook his head. "Nope, Peggy keeps playing now until she gets
fully dressed again. So here we go, Peggy. Are you ready? One, two,
three."

She decided it was time for a change in her game plan, and tried Mary
this time. But Bob once more produced Peter.

"Yes!" he said as he ran his finger in and out of her open fist. "Now
what do I get to take off?"

"My other shoe, I guess," she said a bit shakily, and he proceeded to
slide his chair out, kneel beside her, and remove her other shoe.

Then she turned back to me, biting her lip in nervousness. My mind
raced. What would she pick? Maybe Peter? I went with Pill, and so did
she.

"A tie," Bob declared. "Nothing happens, and it's my turn again." One,
two, three came up Mary for both of them.

Back to me: Mary for me, Peter for her!

"Oh my," she breathed as she ran her finger in and out of my hand. "I
get to put my shoe back on now, right?"

After she did she turned to Bob. Peter/Pill for him/her. She blocked
his finger thrust then retrieved her other shoe.

"OK, Fran, now it's your turn. Since I did the last round with Peggy,
you start with Ted."

I turned to her, and our eyes locked. What would she come up with?
One, two, three: Peter/Mary.

"Do I get your shoe now?" I grinned as I pumped my finger in and out
of her fist.

"I guess so."

I took it off her foot and she turned to Bob. This one came up
Mary/Mary, so it was back to me. Peter/Pill meant she blocked my
finger, got her shoe back, and it was the end of her turn.

Bob and Peggy came up Pill/Peter so he took her shoe off. Peggy and I
did the same thing with the same result. I'm sure she thought Bob
would never expect her to do the same thing three times in a row, so
she did peter again. But Bob did keep his "winning hand", leaving him
grinning widely and asking, "Now what can I have?"

Both girls were dressed casually in slacks. Peggy was wearing a white
blouse with large violet flowers in a pattern on it. Fran had a pale
yellow pullover sweater on. I happened to know that she had a lacy
white bra under it, and pale yellow panties with a bit of lace at the
leg holes.

Of course I had no idea what Peggy had under her blouse and slacks,
but I found myself doing a lot of imagining. I wasn't even sure what
she had on her feet, though I had taken her shoe off twice now. Maybe
full length nylons? Maybe calf high? Maybe panty hose? 'Please let it
be panty hose' I thought. If so I was going to find out something
right now about what she was wearing underneath.

"My sock," she said, and slid the leg of her slacks up to her calf so
Bob could take it off.

He did, and said, "oh, by the way, one more rule. When a guy takes off
something that exposes skin he gets to kiss any part of that skin he
chooses."

He pulled Peggy's foot up and leaned over to kiss the top of it.

Now it was my turn again. Oh, god, if I could only win: Mary/Mary.
Rats!

She turned to Bob: Pill/Pill.

Back to me, another chance: Mary/Peter.

"I got you," she said, grinning lewdly as she ran her finger in and
out of my fist. In and out, in and out!

Then she put her shoe back on leaving her with one bare foot and me
with a growing erection. She and Bob came up with Peter/Mary and it
was his turn to do some lewd simulated "finger fucking". He added her
other shoe to the growing pile in front of him.

Another big chance for me! Mary/Peter. "I win again," she drooled,
pumping furiously in and out of my fist. "so I get to put a shoe or
sock back on."

"Not so fast," came from Bob. "He doesn't have any of your things, so
you don't get to put anything on."

"Oh, so then I get a point, right?"

"Nope, you can only collect points when you are fully dressed."

"That's not fair!"

"It's the rules. Now stop pouting, and it's our turn, so let's do it.
The game must go on."

Pill/Peter: "Oh, no!" She wailed.

"Oh, yes," he said intensely and took her other sock off.

"There's no way I'm going to play any more. What if Ted wins now? I
don't have anything left for him to take."

'Oh yes you do!' I thought. 'OH YES, OH YES!'

But Bob's response cooled me off quickly: "Don't worry, there's
another rule that comes into play here. He won't be able to take
anything off."

With that assurance she turned nervously to me: Mary/Mary, foiled
again.

Back to Bob, and it was Mary/Pill.

"Oh, no! Now what?"

"Well, I assume you'd rather have me take your blouse off than your
pants, right?"

"You're crazy, you can't take either of them off until Fran and Ted go
home."

"Why not? I'm sure Fran has seen lots of bras, and I'll bet Ted would
love to see you with your blouse off. Right, Ted?"

My face turned bright red, and so did Peggy's.

"See, what'd I tell you? But like I said a minute ago, you don't have
anything to worry about, I'm not going to take it off. When we get to
this point we can't take anything off without first getting dibs on
it. So now, I get dibs on your blouse. Like this." And he rubbed his
hands up and down the side of her chest, caressing the material of her
blouse.

She buried her face in her hands.

"Come on," he said, "it's Ted's turn."

God how I wanted to get my hands on that blouse. One, two three:
Pill/Peter. Yes! I came around the table behind her and rubbed my
hands up and down the side of her blouse. I was dying to reach on
around her and play with her tits, but Fran was glaring at me, and
besides, Bob had restrained himself, so I guessed I could, too.

"I've got dibs on your blouse!" I said in a shaky voice.

"Rats, that means I don't have dibs on it any more," Bob put in. "Come
here baby, and let's see what I can do about that." What he did was
Mary/Mary so it was back to me.

"Phew! I hate to tell you this babe, but if Ted wins this time he can
take your blouse off."

"So what," she retorted quickly, "I'll bet he can't win."

And she was right. We came up Mary/Mary. At least I still had dibs.
And unless I was mistaken, Peggy was really starting to enjoy this
tease.

Bob's turn again: Peter/Mary.

"Yes!" he said as he pumped his finger in and out of her fist, "Now
I'VE got dibs on her blouse!"

He wasn't nearly so chivalrous this time.

"Her whole blouse," he added as he moved his hands from her waist up
her belly and chest and cupped her breasts.

"Bob, stop that!"

"Why? I thought you were my wife."

"Yes, but we're not alone, and you might give Ted some naughty ideas,"
said with a coy look at me.

Bob just laughed, and then let her go.

Peggy turned to me, somewhat flushed. I've got to touch her blouse
again! One, two, three: I couldn't look: Mary/Pill. Oh, god, I was in
heaven.

I was around behind her chair in nothing flat, and my hands went
straight for her belly button. She was quivering! I could feel it
distinctly through her blouse. My cheek was touching her neck, my nose
next to her ear. That perfume! As my hands started moving up to her
breasts I looked defiantly at Fran. She glared back with barely
contained rage. I stopped just short of Peggy's breasts, and
reluctantly returned to my chair. Peggy looked like she wasn't even
there. She was staring blankly and not moving a muscle.

"Snap out of it, Peg. It's our turn," Bob said.

She turned, and mechanically pounded her fist following his lead, but
I doubt if she was able to make any kind of real decision. When Bob
came down Pill, so did she, probably because that is what she had done
with me.

So it was back to me, and I already had dibs: Mary/Mary. Shucks, I had
guessed she would keep doing the same thing.

She started playing faster. Bob: Peter/Peter. Me: Mary/Peter. She gave
me a passionate look as she pumped her finger in and out of my fist.

Again I had nothing she could take back, but Bob announced, "Sorry,
pal, you just lost dibs on my wife."

And on the game went. Bob and she came up Mary/Pill, and he played
with her breasts. Then I got Pill/Peter, and this time nothing was
going to stop me from cupping her luscious globes.

I closed my eyes so I couldn't see Fran's angry face, filled my
nostrils with Peggy's intoxicating scent, and whispered in her ear,
"I've got dibs on your whole blouse," while I moved my hands slowly
over her round softness.

Incredibly, Bob and I kept on winning. Bob said, "No I've got dibs,"
as he kissed her neck below her chin and squeezed and pinched her tits
through her clothes.

"No, Bob, it's me, not you," as I kissed the nape of her neck and
kneaded her breasts. I could hear her breath coming in short gasps.

Bob said, "Oh god, I want your blouse so bad," as he circled her tips
with his fingers.

He leaned forward to kiss her, and she responded by wrapping her arms
around his neck and kissing him wildly with much snorting and moaning.
They were obviously both horny as hell.

But the streak couldn't last forever. She and I came up Mary/Peter.

"How'd you like to get some of this?" she groaned as her finger pumped
my encircling hand.

That broke dibs, but didn't give her anything to put on. Then she beat
Bob, so she put a sock back on.

But she and I came up Peter/Mary.

"Oh, yes I would," I said answering her earlier question as I pumped
in and out of her sweaty hand.

This time I didn't even try to walk around to her side of the table. I
pretty much fell out of my chair and crawled under the table to her
foot. I tore her sock off and planted wet kisses from her ankle to her
toes.

By the time I finally managed to get myself back into a sitting
position, Bob had felt her up thoroughly after I don't know what. She
turned back to me with her mouth half open and her head moving slowly
from side to side.

Pill/Mary: "Sorry, lover boy," she whispered as she took back her
sock.

She continued to win or tie over Bob, and tie with me, until it was
his turn again and he had only one shoe. Then the tide turned once
more and Bob started winning, while I was still getting nowhere.

Finally, when Bob had both shoes and a sock, I came up Peter/Mary,
YES! One quick finger stroke into her hand and then I dived under the
table, stripped off her other sock, and nearly devoured her foot.

While I was still doing that, she and Bob came up Pill/Pill, so she
had nothing to do until I surfaced and could try again: Pill/Peter,
OH, BABY!

I heard her now sultry voice say, "How would you like it if I came
around to your side of the table this time."

I liked it more than words could tell. I liked not having to stand up
and show off the huge tent at the front of my pants. I loved watching
her hips swivel as she walked toward me. I nearly died as her crotch
came closer and closer to my face. I was in heaven as she kneeled down
beside me, wrapped her arms around my neck, and started kissing me. My
hands went straight to her tits, and I heard her quiet moan inside my
mouth as our tongues pumped wildly into each other.

"Hey, slow down!" yelped Bob, and at the same time Fran barked, "Stop
that this minute!"

Peggy and I reluctantly parted.

She went back to her side, sat down, and we kept on playing. Now she
was winning, and got everything back except for one shoe that Bob had.
Then luck turned my way, and soon I had her other shoe and both socks.
Another big chance for us:

Pill/Pill, so I got nothing, but neither did she. A bit later I got
another chance, and this time we came up Peter/Mary. We put our heads
together across the table as I pumped my finger in and out of her
oh-so-willing hand.

"Let's sneak under the table where the others can't see what we're
doing," I moaned, and that's what we did.

It didn't work out as well as I hoped, though, what with two jealous
spouses kicking us. But I was able to whisper a thought in her ear.

"Maybe we should try to get you fully dressed again, and give Fran a
chance. If we could get her hot for Bob, we could get away with a lot
more ourselves."

I won't bore you with all the details, but after about half a dozen
more "one two three's" she had both socks and shoes back on, and it
was Fran's turn.

Fran, however, shook her head, "No, I don't think we should play this
game any more."

"But you haven't hardly played at all," Bob protested.

"I don't care, I don't want to play any more," Fran insisted.

But Bob looked her in the eye across the table and said, "oh yes, you
do. This is our chance to get even with them."

Fran looked intently at Bob for a bit, then turned and glared at me
for a while, and finally looked back into Bob's eyes again.

"All right," she said, "I will."

She and I started, and came up with Pill/Peter, so I took her shoe
off. I saw her mouth something to Bob, so wasn't a bit surprised when
he won on Mary/Pill and took her other shoe off. Back to me with
Pill/Mary and she put her shoe on. Another quick signal to Bob gave
him both shoes.

What they were doing was obvious, but neither Peggy nor I had any
intention of challenging them. On my turn it was Pill/Pill, and she
and Bob were ready for the next step. Sure enough, Peter/Mary gave him
a chance to "finger fuck" her which they milked for all they could,
and also gave him one of her bobby socks. And it gave her a thoroughly
kissed foot. She and I came up with Mary/Peter. She giggled as she
pumped her finger into my hand, but of course I didn't have anything
else to give her.

The next round with Bob was a foregone conclusion, Mary/Pill to be
specific, and Fran was barefoot. She and I did the Pill/Pill bit, and
now the suspense mounted. I didn't see any signal this time, so maybe
he just got lucky:

Peter/Mary.

"Oh *yes*!" he said as he ran his finger in and out of her hand. "Oh
yes, *indeed*!" as he reached across the table and slid his hands up
and down the side of her sweater.

I was surprised he didn't attack the front of her sweater, and I
suspect we all were, but he was probably smart to give her a little
more time.

She turned back to me and I beat her out with Mary/Pill.

"Now I've got dibs on your sweater," I said with a wolfish grin.

I started with my thumbs on her belly button and slowly stroked upward
until my fingers were caressing the sides of her breasts and my thumbs
were pressing against their base.

"Ted! Stop that," were her words, but I didn't believe them.

She turned, a bit flushed, to face Bob across the table. Pill/Mary:
she put a sock back on.

Peter/Mary: I did the finger bit in her fist, then took her sock and
kissed her foot.

It was another chance for Bob, but he came up Peter/Pill so he lost
her other sock.

Pill/Mary with me meant she had both socks on.

Then he got one back, and kissed her foot, on Mary/Pill.

She and I tied, and he beat her again with Mary/Pill, leaving her
barefoot.

She beat me, but I had nothing to give her, so she turned to Bob
again, biting her lip. It was just a tie.

My turn: Peter/Mary!

"Oh, yes, honey! I've got dibs on your whole sweater!"

She was really blushing now as I rubbed my hands all over her breasts.

A tie with him left me grinning evilly.

"If I win this time I can take your sweater off."

One, two three: Peter/Mary!!

"No!" she moaned, burying her face in her hands.

"He can do it if he wants to," said Bob with a face that left no doubt
that he wanted me to. "But I have to tell you there's another rule
that applies here. If he wants to give you another chance, he can."

"Please, *please*, give me another chance," she begged.

"OK, I will."

"However," Bob stuck in quickly, "This means you have super dibs on
her, and because she is so grateful, she is really going to thank you.
Fran, you're going to sit on Ted's lap, wrap your arms around his
neck, and kiss him passionately while he feels your tits up through
your sweater."

She did, and I did, and her kisses seemed quite genuinely passionate.

We finally broke the embrace and she turned a bit shakily to Bob.

Mary/Pill:

"Yes! Now I get dibs on your sweater again!" he said excitedly.

He came around behind her this time, and didn't hold back. His hands
cupped her breasts and he started squeezing them. She blushed
furiously, but didn't complain or make any move to stop him.

Finally he backed away and she turned to me. Peter/Pill: I had nothing
for her to take back, but it did mean Bob lost dibs. She and Bob tied,
as did she and I.

Then he beat her with Mary/Pill.

She gave him a wink and a sultry smile. "How about if I do the same
thing Peggy did a while ago, go to you this time."

Bob's eyes were locked on her breasts and midsection as she swayed her
way over beside where he sat, and knelt down. She wrapped her arms
around his neck and rubbed her cheek against his as he squeezed and
pinched her tits. Her face was out of my view, so I had no idea what
she might be whispering to him, but little doubt that she whispered
something. She certainly seemed to be in no hurry to break away from
him.

Peggy and I finally suggested that was enough, and Fran came back and
sat down. She and I tied, so she turned back to Bob.

"You know I already have dibs on your sweater," he said in a tight
intense voice.

"I know that," she said just as intensely. But they tied, so she
turned back to me.

Pill/Peter: "Oho," Bob said, "It's super dibs time again!"

Fran quickly climbed on my lap, pulled my lips to hers, and started
pumping her tongue in and out of my mouth. At the same time she was
bucking her chest against mine, her body begging for attention. That I
was happy to provide, kneading and pinching her super-hard tits though
her sweater.

As she finally broke away from me she mouthed something to Bob, and
sure enough he got dibs again on Mary/Pill. She actually ran around
the table, pulled him out of his chair, and then collapsed, pulling
him down on top of her. Not under the table this time, and safely away
from any possible kicking feet. She spread her legs then wrapped them
around him. Their pelvises were pounding into each other, and their
mouths were locked together.

After a bit it was my turn to suggest they had better slow down. They
reluctantly returned to their seats, and she and I came up Mary/Pill.
That meant it was our turn for some wild simulated action on the
floor.

To no one's surprise Fran followed that by a similar round with Bob.
They met on the floor at the end of the table, but this time she took
the top position, pounding her crotch against his and bending over for
noisy french kisses while he worked her chest with one hand and her
ass with the other.

When they finally separated she tied with me, and once again Bob
"beat" her with her assistance.

"Oh YES," he roared. "I've already got dibs on your sweater, so now I
take it off."

"But what about super dibs?" she asked batting her eyes and licking
her lips.

"Remember, that's my choice." he explained. "And I choose to take your
sweater!"

"Whatever," she replied hotly, "if you want it you've got it."

"What I really want, I'm not allowed to do right now, but I am going
to obey the skin-kissing rule."

With that he knelt at her feet and started sliding her sweater up,
kissing her belly button and working his way up to her bra. She was
panting and gyrating and holding his head against her body. When her
sweater got up to her bra strap I suddenly remembered that I had
noticed while we were getting dressed at home that her bra was a bit
skimpy for what it had to cover. Fran was facing directly away from
me, so I couldn't actually see what was going on, but I was pretty
sure that Bob must be taking full advantage of that right now, kissing
every bit of breast skin he could reach.

As for Fran, she let out a moan that gradually turned into a shriek,
reached down to grab the sweater under her arms, and tore it off. Then
she grabbed Bob hard, clawing at his back. Since they were oblivious
to our comments, Peggy and I finally had to separate them physically.
He retrieved the sweater from the floor and they both sat down panting
heavily.

Fran couldn't keep her eyes off Bob even as she did the "one, two,
three" with me. I'm sure she had no idea what she was doing, but she
came down with what appeared to be Mary. Since I had the same thing,
she could immediately focus all of her attention where most of it
already was, on Bob. Once again the whisper, and once again he won.

"Oh, baby, YES, now I've got dibs on your pants!"

She stood, and he was on his knees in front of her, sitting on his
calves. His cheek was rubbing her lower belly as he kneaded her ass
and slipped his hand in from the back between her thighs.

"Oh, OH, OHHH!!" she screamed as he rubbed her pussy through her pants
with the side of his finger.

When we finally got them settled back in their seats, I figured I'd
let her go a little further, so I picked Mary once again, and sure
enough, she did too. There was no way she wanted to stop now, so Bob
came out ahead again by pre-arrangement. He tore at her zipper, undid
the button above it, and shoved her pants down to her feet. She was
standing with her hands gripping his shoulders tightly, her head
thrown back, and her yellow panties thrusting again and again toward
his face.

He scrunched down further so he could kiss her thighs. She spread her
knees as wide as possible and guided his mouth to the lace next to her
pussy. Then she shifted his head just enough so that his kisses were
centered on the crotch of her panties. It was only a gasp and a series
of shudders, but I'm absolutely sure she came.

Wild horses couldn't have stopped Bob now. He threw her to the floor,
tore off her panties, yanked his own pants off, belt and all, and
landed on top of her pumping frantically.

I stopped watching at that point, as Peggy and I dove for the floor at
the other end of the table. She unzipped her pants, and kicked them
and her panties off. I unfastened my belt and was likewise naked from
the waist down in a flash. She pulled her knees up and spread her
legs. I crawled between them and started pistoning my wildly jumping
cock against her body, searching for her cunt. She guided me with her
hand, and I sank my shaft deep within her.

I had never wanted anything so much in my life, and when I got it I
came immediately. squirting jet after jet into her.

When I finally calmed down, she said, "Oh, I did want that, but I wish
you hadn't come so soon."

"Don't worry, I'm only just getting started," I said. "I'm sorry I
couldn't wait, but I needed you so much."

Indeed, my engorged dick stayed as hard as ever, and after resting a
bit I started pumping again, first slowly, and then faster and faster.
She must have already been pretty close herself, because after only a
couple of minutes of that she came, screaming.

I wasn't there yet myself, but I stopped long enough to let her
recover, then renewed my assault. This time we both came together.

When I was able to focus again I looked down at her and saw her
staring wide-eyed at me.

"That was fantastic," she whispered. "Oh, Ted, hold me close."

We clutched at each other and kissed passionately for a while, until
suddenly she pushed my face away from hers.

"God, Ted, this isn't possible! I still feel you so big inside me!
Don't you ever get soft?"

"Not while I still feel as horny as I do right now," I replied. "I'm
so hot for you I think I may be able to come four or five times."

"Oh GOD," she shuddered, "that would be fantastic!!"

"Let's roll over," I suggested.

We managed to do so without losing our connection. She immediately
started bouncing up and down on top of me, her knees squeezing the
sides of my chest. I decided it was time I got to see a bit more of
her, so I unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra. She shrugged
both of them off, and there I was staring up at her huge boobs,
bouncing up and down as she rammed herself onto my shaft again and
again.

I wrapped my arms around her back and curled myself up so that my face
was next to one of those globes. That perfume again! Now I knew where
she must have put it. I caught a tit in my mouth as it swung by, and
started sucking on it. My hand stole around her ribs to find the other
tit, and proceeded to stroke and squeeze and pinch.

From the sounds she was making, she was almost there. I slid my other
hand down the small of her back to her ass, and crammed a finger into
her crack. With a scream she started cumming over and over, wave after
wave. That was all I could take, and I joined her. PULSE, squeeze;
PULSE, squeeze; PULSE, squeeze. My cock and her cunt were doing a
dance that seemed like it would never end.

We finally did calm down, and our gasps turned to normal enough
breathing that we could talk again. My cock was still inside her, and
still pretty stiff. I tried moving it up and down a bit to check, and
yes, it was still up to the job.

"OH, YES, you're *superman*!," she panted. "I never dreamed any man
could do what you have done to me tonight!"

"Have you had enough?" I asked.

"Ummm, maybe. No, not quite, if you could do just a little bit more."

"My pleasure," I said, with a few more pelvic thrusts up into her hot
wet hole. "I'd like to be on top again."

As we rolled over I caught a glimpse of Bob and Fran, sitting naked on
the floor. Or rather, Bob was sitting on the floor with his back
against a table leg, and Fran was sitting on his lap with her back to
him. They both had expressions of exhausted bliss, but Bob still had
one hand on her tit and the other buried in her pussy. They were both
watching us, but like I say, I just got a glimpse of them. I was much
more interested in watching Peggy.

"Now let's really put on a show for our spouses," I whispered to Peggy
after I was on top of her. "But this time I want you to keep your legs
closed and I'll straddle you."

"OK, but first," she said, "I want to take off your shirt so I can
feel your chest against my tits."

That done, I once again started pumping my rod into her. Her closed
thighs made for a lot more friction than I would have had just from
the inside of her totally sloppy cunt, and I was going to need all the
help I could get. Hell, I'd already come three times within the last
hour! But it still felt great, and soon I was pounding into her at a
furious rate.

And it wasn't long before she forgot her doubts, and was coming up to
meet my every thrust while making an indescribable moaning/squealing
sound. A mental picture of Bob grubbing in my Fran's pussy kept
slipping into my consciousness and was somehow even more of a turn on.

Fran told me later that we were going at it furiously for about ten
minutes, and that for half of that time Peggy's ass never touched the
floor. She just kept pushing it up and up to get me as deep as
possible into her. She finally screamed and clawed my back, and her
massive pussy contractions brought me to yet another climax.

When we came back down to earth at long last we looked to see what the
others were doing. Fran was on her hands and knees, and Bob was going
at her doggy style. He had both hands on her tits, and she was moving
her body up and back, up and back, in time with his thrusts. Then he
came with a roar and she responded with her whole body twitching.
After they collapsed we all lay there for a long time.

Finally I propped my head up on an arm and said, "Hey, Bob, I just
realized we never finished that game we were playing. Would it have
ended when we managed to strip one of the gals naked?"

"No way," he snickered. "There are some more special rules about what
happens then, and believe me, it can get wild."

"But," he added, "I really like the way we ended the game. How about
you?" We all agreed.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

                          Footnote

If you'd like complete rules for the game the couples play in this
story, send me an e-mail:

To: shattims@yahoo.com
Subject: games.txt

In the body, just say "Peter, Pill, and Mary".

No strings, no spam. I do not harvest email addresses.

And by the way, a message formatted as specified is under 1 KB. If you
send me some multi-KB message with that topic, or a message with an
attachment, I'm going to assume it is spam or a virus, and delete it
without reading it.

What you will get back from me will also not have any attachments,
though it will be nearly 10K long.

While I'm on the subject, I've created quite a few erotic games. Since
they aren't stories they don't belong here, but I'll send you a list
of them with a summary of each if you send me an e-mail with the above
subject and "Catalog" in the body.
