Paula locked the bathroom door behind her and dropped the clothes. She couldn't believe what just happened. Sure, knowing Simon was flirting with him, but they had crossed a line back there. Kisses and pokes and hugs for the show were okay, but she had been about to make out with him in her basement! In her underwear! She shouldn't have danced for him. She'd been teasing him, tempting him on purpose.

When he'd pressed his knee up against her core, she thought she was going to die. Her robe was hanging from the back of the bathroom door and she put it on, tying the sash tight. She could hear his footsteps on the stairs and then him knocking on the door.

"Come out," he said. "We need to talk."

"I just need a minute," she said. Her voice sounded shaky, even to her own ears.

"Don't hide from me," he said. "Come out. I'll be good."

She opened the door and he was standing there, looking just as disheveled as she felt. Her neck still burned where his lips had made contact.

"I shouldn't have danced like that," she blurted. "This is my fault."

"We didn't do anything wrong," he said, almost gently.

"Ha," she said. "Everything that we do is wrong. You and I even being in the same room is wrong, half the time."

"We got carried away," he said. "But I still want to show you the house. I still want to take you to dinner. We have reservations at the Ivy. It will be fun and we'll put the whole thing behind us."

"I can't go to dinner with you," she said. "Are you kidding? I'm having trouble even standing up right now." She didn't want to admit to him that he got to her but she couldn't help it.

He grinned. "I got you that turned on, did I?"

She slammed the door, flipping the lock defiantly.

"Paula," he wailed. "I was kidding. You turned me on! You started it! I'm sorry, I can't shut up sometimes."

"We need some space," she said. "I need to take a shower."

"Put on a dress, we'll go to the house and to dinner. Please?" He didn't hear anything. "Please?"

"I don't know," she said, pressing her ear against the door. "I don't know if I can stand you anymore today."

"Please baby?" he said, knowing she would melt at the endearment. Anytime he called her anything sweet – poodle, darling, love – she gave in.

"Go wait downstairs," she said. He smiled and left her to her bathroom.

She stepped under cold spray, hoping it would help to slow the frantic fluttering in her chest. When Simon was with Terri, the flirting didn't mean anything. Paula knew in her heart she would never be the other woman, the cause for so much of someone else's heartache. Now there was no wall between Simon and her self. There was no unspoken agreement not to take things too far. It had taken her years to even admit to herself she was attracted to him! Now she was losing her cool whenever he walked in the room. She would just have to be extra professional when he was around. Starting tomorrow.

She walked out of the bathroom in her robe, toweling off the ends of her hair to find that Simon had not gone downstairs, but was stretched out on his back across her bed. His eyes were closed, but he wasn't sleeping. He was just waiting. At the sound of the door opening, he sat up.

"I have to get dressed," she said, warily.

"I just wanted to make sure you weren't mad," he said, trying hard to keep his eyes focused on her face.

"I'm not mad, but I'm upset," she said. "I guess I just want to know why you're doing this?"

"Doing what?" he asked. She sat next to him on the bed, several inches between them.

"Wooing me," she said. "Because I'll tell you right now; I don't care how many notches you have on your bedpost, I'm not going to have a fling with you."

"That's fine," he said. "Look Paula, the truth is, you're the best friend I have in the States. Not a fact that I'm proud of, but the truth nonetheless. It also turns out that you're completely irresistible sometimes and occasionally, I lose my head."

"Really?" she asked with a smile. "You think of me as your best friend?"

"I would have killed you already if you weren't," he promised. From Simon, it was almost sweet.

oooo

Simon had driven the convertible over and so Paula secured a white scarf over her head before he pulled out of the driveway.

"You look like a movie star," he said, his elbow hanging out of the car. He drove like the car was a natural extension of his body; one hand draped easily on the steering wheel, moving only to shift gears or tug on a piece of her hair.

"Except I can't really act that well," she said.

"You can perform," he said. "That's better. It's harder to do."

There wasn't much traffic until the congestion on the PCH once they got into town. At a stoplight, Paula heard her name being screamed from a car full of teenage girls next to them.

"We love you Paula!" they shouted. She smiled at them from behind her sunglasses and waved, blowing kisses. The light turned green and Simon sped up, leaving the girls in the dust.

"I love my fans," she said dreamily, leaning back. She was warm and content in the sunshine, her legs hot against the black leather of the seat.

"They didn't yell my name," he said, a little moodily. She giggled and touched his hand where it rested on the stick shift.

"Their love for you is above words," she assured him. He rolled his eyes. Soon they were pulling up his driveway to his gate. He keyed in his code and the gates opened. The house came into view. It was average by L.A. standards but large by Malibu standards. It all seemed kind of familiar, though. Something nagged at the back of her mind. "Wait a minute," she said, peering over her shoulder at the closest visible house. Simon's house was one of three houses on the small strip of private beach. She turned to Simon with a horrified expression.

"What?" he asked.

"You bought a house next door to my ex-husband!" she exclaimed.

"I can't help what real estate became available, pet," he said.

"Yes, but, this is weird," she said, slinking down into her seat, as if he could see her. Emilio had been the first of her spectacular public failures. Simon put his arm over her shoulder.

"I thought you got on with him?" Simon said. "It's been years, after all."

"We're friendly, but I haven't seen him in a while. We don't... talk," she said. "Ugh. I hate facing exes."

"Well now if we see him, you can hang off me. British, handsome, and wildly successful," Simon said. "No need to be embarrassed."

"I'm not embarrassed," she insisted. "Let's go inside."

"Right," he muttered. "Cool as a cucumber."

Inside was beautiful. Most of the west walls were picture windows, displaying the ocean sparkling and blue under a clear sky. The furniture was minimal, that was Simon's style, and mostly white on hardwood floors.

"I love it," she said. "It's perfect." He showed her the state of the art kitchen, and the den with the extravagantly large television flat and mounted to the wall. Upstairs was the master bedroom and a smaller guest room painted a cheery yellow. A few of the other rooms – like the office, were empty, still waiting to be set up. "Oh Simon, I could stay here forever."

"You can, actually," he said, reaching into his pocket. "I made a key for you." He held it up.

"What?" she asked, surprised.

"Well, I know you like to get away and I'm in England so often. Why shouldn't someone enjoy the house? I made up the yellow room with you in mind. That's why everything is so girly."

"Simon, that's so sweet," she said, throwing her arms around him. "You always think of me."

"All day every day," he teased, dropping the key into her hand. "Of course, if the neighbors bother you too much I can always take it back." She closed her hand around the key before he could snatch it away.

"I'll manage," she said.

"I hear your ex-father-in-law is ten minutes down the road if you get lonely," he said.

"You're so nice and so mean in the span of 30 seconds. It's exhausting," she said crossing her arms.

"Sorry," he said. "Want to go see the beach?"

"Okay," she said. They went through the back gate down a few steps to where the sand began. The beach in front of the house was deserted, though about a mile down she could see a few people at the water. She took off her sandals and held them as they made their way toward the water.

"Nice, eh?" he said.

"Yep," she replied. He stood back as she reached the water's edge and let it lap over her feet. It was cold – California's oceans were always cold, even on the hottest days, and she didn't let the water get her again. Simon came up behind her once she was out of the water's reach and put his arms around her waist. He rested his chin on her shoulder.

"Yep. I could get used to this," he said softly. "Pretty beach, pretty house, pretty girl. Guess America isn't half bad."

"You love it here," she teased. "You're going to apply for citizenship and stay forever."

"Not bloody likely," he said, spinning her so she faced him. "Let's go have a drink and then think about making our dinner reservation, yes?"

"Yes," she said. She took his hand and they climbed up to the house. She was contemplating having a second glass of wine while Simon changed when her phone rang. It was Lauren.

"Did you, by chance, go to Malibu today? With Simon?" Lauren asked.

"I'm in Malibu. We're about to leave for dinner from his new house," she said. "How did you know that?"

"There's pictures of you on the beach on the internet. My phone has been ringing off the hook – E, TMZ, all the sites want statements."

"Ugh, I didn't even see any paparazzi," Paula said.

"Well they saw you. He's got his arms around you and it looks... well, what do you want me to say?" Lauren asked.

"No comment?" Paula asked.

"I don't think that's going to work," Lauren said. "If you were filming the show live, maybe, you could say something on air but we're not even at Hollywood yet."

"Just send it to my publicist," Paula said. "Tell him to... I don't know. You know how Simon and I are. We're friends, but we're not dating. That's the bottom line. We aren't together."

She heard him coming down the stairs.

"Got it?" Paula asked.

"Got it," said Lauren. "And be careful wherever you're going to dinner. My guess is their camped out, waiting for you to leave. Do you want me to come over?"

"No," Paula said with a sigh. "We'll be fine. I'll call you later."

"Bye," said Lauren.

Simon stood at the last step, watching her. He looked a little hurt, a little shocked.

"Paparazzi," she explained. "I was just talking to Lauren. Apparently they're outside."

"It's important to be clear to the press," Simon agreed, forcing a smile.

"They got a picture of us on the beach," she said. "Someone had a long lens."

"We can stay in," he offered but she shook her head. "All right then, let's go."

Simon didn't even consider putting the top up, even when he saw the press camped out at his gate. Paula had her sunglasses and scarf, but she didn't like to be in a situation where someone could physically get their hands on her. She leaned into Simon who put his arm around her. As soon as the gate opened, Simon tried to speed through but was stopped by people in front of the car. Lights were flashing and people started yelling questions.

"Where are you going tonight, Simon?"

"Is it true that you're living together, Paula?"

"Kiss for us!"

They remained stoically silent, nudging the car through the crowd until Simon could pull onto the street and into traffic, away from the mob. Paula's heart was racing and she was shaking a little. Simon rubbed her arm.

"Not too bad," he said and she scoffed. "Remember, all press is good press."

"Not for me," she said. "Maybe we should've stayed in."

"Never," he said. "You deserve a nice meal for all you've put up today."

"At least," she said.

oooo

After dinner, Simon took Paula home. In the car with the engine off, they sat for a few minutes in front of her house. Paula was full and tired from her long day, but she was a little sad to see Simon go.

"I'll see you in Miami," he said. They were on different flights on different days. She'd see him, probably, for the first time in the limo on the way to the arena.

"Yep," she said. "Thanks for a crazy day."

"You know I like to keep it interesting," he chuckled. "I'm sorry I..."

"No, it's my fault," she said.

"We're both to blame?" he offered. She smiled. He leaned in, aiming to kiss her cheek, but she turned her head at kissed his mouth instead. He froze, afraid of getting into trouble, another fight, or a slap across the face. But Paula relaxed and pressed into his mouth firmly. She'd been thinking about kissing him, really kissing him, since he'd walked into her dance studio in the early afternoon.

His hand tentatively came up to the back of her neck and anchored her against him.

Kissing Simon was like putting on your favorite sweater or drinking your favorite cocktail. To Paula, it was like watching her favorite movie. It just felt right – like she'd been doing it all her life and like she'd keep doing it until death. And when he nudged his tongue against her lips, she didn't think twice about opening her mouth to let him in. The first swipe of his hot tongue against hers made her feel drunk.

This time, Simon pulled back first, letting his hand slide from her neck to her shoulder. She put her forehead against his and they took a second to catch their breath.

"Okay," she said. "This is how friends say goodbye, right?"

"Yes," he said. "This is how really good friends say goodbye."

"I'm getting out of the car now," she said.

"I need to go home," he said.

"You can't come inside," she said.

"I know."

"Bye," she said, pulling back and opening the door in one quick motion. She didn't want to change her mind.

"See you, Paula," he said. She closed the door and he started the engine, but he didn't drive away until she was safely inside the house. She locked the door and then leaned back against the cool dark wood. She felt like she had a fever, her skin was so warm. She dropped her purse and tucked her chin against her chest. She just needed to breathe for a minute.

"Paula?"

"AHH!" she jumped. Lauren was sitting at the kitchen counter, watching her with an odd expression. "You just scared ten years off my life, young lady."

"I stopped by to drop off some things," Lauren said. "I thought maybe you wanted some company after your day in the spotlight?"

"Honey, it's your day off. You didn't have to come by," Paula said.

"I didn't mean as Lauren your assistant. Just as a friend. Someone to talk to?" Lauren said.

"Oh," Paula said. She was touched. She'd never really had an assistant like Lauren. All her help in the past had been focused on either fame by association or just staying out of Paula's way. "It's been an odd day."

"Do you want to talk about it?" Lauren asked.

"I made out with Simon," Paula blurted, the need to tell somebody overwhelming.

"What?" Lauren asked. "But you said..."

"I practically jumped him downstairs, the world saw us on the beach, and now, just now, I kissed him in the car. Just right now!" Paula said, the words spilling out of her. "I'm a crazy person."

Lauren cocked her head to one side and looked like she was about to say something very important.

"I'm going to make us a drink," she said, getting off her stool and moving toward the liquor cabinet.

"The last thing I need to feel is more intoxicated," Paula said.

"Well, I'm going to make me one, then," Lauren said. "You go upstairs. Put on something comfortable. I'll be right up." Paula climbed the stairs, suddenly entirely thrilled in the way that her day had ended. She'd kissed a handsome (arrogant, cocky, egomaniacal) man, scored the key to a Malibu mansion, and was now going to lay in her bed with a girlfriend and dish. It had been a long time since she'd trusted another woman the way Lauren was turning out to be trustworthy.

Her phone chimed in her purse and she paused at her bed to dig it out. It was a text from Ryan that read, "If you had gotten a ROOM you wouldn't be on the internet right now."

She laughed. If he only knew.