Victoria's New Year Eve
byPortsmouthboy©

The evening was going well, both Vicki and I were having a really good time, Jason and Michaela got the drinks flowing and the four of us started to get more and more drunk.

As the evening went on, I noticed Jason kept trying to look at Vicki's tits and up her short skirt, I couldn't blame him though, she had on a see through blouse on a black lacy bra that if you looked close enough at showed her nipples, short black skirt with lacy hold-up's on.

As the night went on, we got really pissed, Michaela passed out and Jason carried her upstairs to bed.

When Jason came back he brought us some very strong shot drinks that we downed in one, Vic was now struggling to stand and very sleepy, Jas put on some slow music, so I pulled her up and we started dancing.

As we danced I started to kiss and grope her, Jas was just sitting on the settee chilling out watching us, as I kiss her I started to rub Vic's arse, slowly pulling her skirt up, I managed to get it up over hips, showing Jas her hold ups, black thong and arse.

I was now having to hold Vic up where she was so drunk, I kept running my hand over Vic's bum and inside her thong. Jason couldn't take his eyes off her arse.

I then started to push her black thong off, all the way down her legs until it was round her feet. Vic had no idea what was going on and was now dancing with me with her skirt up over her hips and her knickers on the floor.

I then asked if Jason wanted to dance with her, which he said yes, as he got up I passed Vic over to him, she was so drunk she didn't really know what was going on, as Jas started to dance he ran his fingers over her arse, looking at me as he did it, seeing that I didn't mind he pushed his fingers under her bum, feeling her pussy.

As Jas started to finger my wife, I cam up behind her and unclipped her bra, Jason held her up as I pulled Vic's top off and her bra, she now only had her skirt on, which was pulled up to her hips and her lacy hold ups.

Jason walked Vic over to the chair, as she sat down, both Jas and I kept looking and her pussy and tits. As we looked, I pulled her legs apart so Jas could see the inside of her pussy, I told him not to waste any time and lick her pussy.

He got on his knees and pushed Vic's legs apart, he just looked for a couple of minutes, then slowly started to lick her pussy lips, running his tongue up and down slit, then pushing his tongue inside her. As he licked away, he pushed two fingers inside her as far as he could, all the way up to his knuckles. Vic didn't move she was so out of it she couldn't.

Jason couldn't stop licking her pussy and finger fucking her; he now had three fingers sliding in and out of her, but she still didn't wake. I went to get my phone and when I returned Jason had pushed Vic's legs as far as part as they would go. I started to video as Jason continued to lick and nibble at her pussy, Jason had placed a pillow under Vic's bum, lifting it of the seat, her arse hole was now clearly on show and Jason wasted no time in licking it , then as I got closer with the camera he started to push two fingers up her tight arse, all the way in then slowly out, then back in getting faster and faster, this lasted for about 5 minutes, I could see her arse hole being stretched wide open by Jason's fingers, still all the time this was happening Vic didn't make a sound.

Jason pulled his fingers out of her arse and pushed them back in to her pussy, he carried on licking and fingering Vic as I videoed the action.

By now I had a massive erection and pulled out my knob and started wanking as I watched him lick my wife's pussy. Seeing this Jason stood up and started to pull his trousers down, he too had a hard on and stood there wanking with me for a bit he then walked up to Vic's face, he just stood there for a bit wanking inches away from her mouth, looking at her spread legs and playing with her tits with his free hand, as precum stated to drip from his cox, he placed it on my wife's lips, her mouth was closed but he kept rubbing his cox up and down her lips covering it with his precum, he removed his hand from her hard nipple and pinched her nose, he held it for about 10 seconds then she opened her mouth for air, as she opened her mouth he pushed his dick down her throat, as he pushed he let go of her nose, so she could breath again, he stood there for a bit as Vic adjusted herself with his cox in her mouth, but still she didn't wake.

I was sure she would soon start to come round so I told Jason not to move, I went to the kitchen and got a bottle of vodka, slowly I tipped some into her now open mouth, passed Jason's prick, about half a bottle went in then the whole lot had gone, now I was sure she wouldn't wake.

Jason stated to fuck her mouth slowly at first pushing his cox deeper and deeper down Vic's throat until his balls were pushing against her face, then he started getting faster , with this I knelt between her legs still videoing Jason, I pushed my hard dick into her and started to fuck her, Jason and I got up quite a pace, making her fill every inch of our dicks.

Jas grabbed Vic's head with both hands and started to cum deep down her throat, she started to choke a bit but he just pull her as hard as he could on to his dick, filling her throat with his hot cum, making Vic swallow most of it.

I carried on fucking her as Jason slowly pulled his dick out, as I started to cum Jason removed his dick from my wife's mouth, as I filled her pussy up with my spunk I noticed Jason's spunk had started running down the check of her face.

We both got up and just looked at her, her legs were spread wide, her pussy and mouth both had spunk running down them, I turned to Jason and said, happy new year mate, he smiled back and said, it will be when I've finished with your wife?

I looked puzzled at him, haven't you had enough, enough he said, we've just started with her, I haven't fucked her yet, I want to fuck your wife up the arse in the pussy do things to her that your never forget, with that Jason picks up the empty bottle of vodka, and walks back to Vici, he rubs the bottle up and down her pussy lips, then he pushes it slowly up her, then back out, then in a little further, until the hole bottle is stretching her fanny wider than I have ever seen, then with the bottle still in her, Jas lifts her bum up, slowly he starts pushes his dick up her arse, shit this is tight with this bottle in her cunt, Jas said, but still he fucked her as hard as he could in her arse. Until he shot his load for the second time in my wife.

Now have you had enough, not quite, Jas pulled his cock out of her arse, then the pulled the bottle out, he then went left and went upstairs, Vic's pussy hole was still wide open and had spunk running down it.

Jas returned with some cream and a razor, now this should round the New Year off, he started to spray the shaving cream over her fanny hair, then stared to shave it all off leaving her totally bold.

After Jas had finished shaving my wife's fanny hair, he pushed the razor up het cunt hole, we the herd Michaela walking down the stairs, when she walked in she couldn't believe her eyes but she was still extremely pissed, after a little explaining, Jason talked Michaela over to Vic, and sat her next down to her, he then slowly pushed Michaela head in to Vic's bold fanny, she started to slowly lick her fanny lips to start with, sucking up my spunk, as Michaela knelt licking Vic's pussy, Jason gave me a wink, I looked at Michaela, I then went up behind her and pulled her short skirt up, she had a red thong on which I pulled off, Jason grabbed his phone and started filming, he went to the window and opened the curtains, Jason said that there neighbor fancied Michaela, and was all ways looking at her, but she didn't what to show off to him.

I looked over and saw that he was in his bedroom watching, I gave him the thumbs up as I started to fuck Michaela as she carried on licking my wife's pussy.

I removed her top and bra so the neighbor could see her tits I pulled Michaela nipples hard and carried on fucking her, I started to fuck her as hard as I could, rubbing her clit, with my spare hand, it wasn't long before she came all over my cock. I shot my load deep into her Michaela's cunt.

I looked over and the neighbor had gone from his window, then there was a knock at the door, Jason let in there neighbor, he was about 50 and fat, but he had a massive cock already in his hand, without a word I pulled my cock out of her cunt, the neighbor then got behind Michaela, aimed his cock with her wet hole, then pushed it all the way in with one sliding movement.

Michaela let out a little yelp as he started to fuck her cunt, he fucked her for about ten minutes, grabbing at her nipples, fingering her arse. He started to cum and shot his load all over her arse and pussy, he then walked up to Michaels head, grabbed her and rubbed his cock all over her face.

The neighbor then just turn around and went home.

All three of us got up and just looked at Vicki well used body lying in a pool of spunk, Jason then said one last thing for your slut mate, he went off and came back with a marker pen, I think we need to sign her after such a great New Year Eve, with that he signed her newly shaved pussy with his name, then pushed the marker pen up her cunt, tip first.

Now that's what I call a good new year.

