Sodomy

H. Jekyll

(MF, cons, anal)


This little story was my contribution to the Dulcinea 
story festival.  Please send comments to 
h_jekyll2000@yahoo.com.  I promise to reply.

-------------------------------


He got her in the end, so to speak.  Once she knew he 
was serious about doing it, her first response was 
outrage.  She actually told him that he couldn't 
possibly love her or he wouldn't want to do such a 
disgusting and unnatural thing to her.  It led to 
their first real fight.

She tried to be cold toward him, but when he brought 
her a rose after the three day blow she wrapped her 
arms around his waist and buried her head in his 
chest for the longest time.  

"I'm sorry, darling.  I love you so much.  I just 
don't think I could do that.  Do you understand?"

"I understand, because you're inexperienced."  

He also understood that she loved him and would want 
to do things for him.  He kissed her, running a hand 
up into her hair from the back of her neck.

"I want to do everything with you, honey.  You 
respond so wonderfully.  Letting me use your ass will 
be a gift but you'll experience a new pleasure, too.  
I promise.  Let's not talk about it now."   

He kissed her sweetly before she could object, the 
way he had rehearsed it.  

Over days, he seduced her.  He'd put a finger or 
thumb into her while he ate her.  He'd have her kneel 
with her ass in the air and tickle it while he played 
with her sex.  Fingernails moving across the white 
expanse of her rear brought her chills.  She gasped 
when he ran fingertips across her anus and down to 
her vagina.  When he first tongued her anus she 
yelled.  He thought she was repulsed but no, she was 
overwhelmed.

He finally repeated that he wanted to fuck her ass.

-----------------------------------

Somewhere there must be women who seek sodomy but 
every lovely-assed woman he or his friends knew had 
at first objected, whether she concluded that it was 
the most disgusting thing she had ever experienced or 
finished with "sweetheart, can you do it again?"

She was in the second category.  Lying beside him in 
the bed, her ass still over-stimulated and dilated, 
she was happy he had won.  

"You were right, darling.  It was wonderful.  It was 
so dirty!  If I ever tell you I don't want to try 
something, remind me of this."

"I will, hon."

She curled on her side, nestled on his shoulder, 
while he lay on his back.  She liked to look at him 
in the light from the candles.  His body was wide, 
chunky, and muscled, almost hairless except around 
his groin.  

His penis lay smugly across his lower belly on its 
bed of testicles and hair.  She stared at it.  It had 
penetrated her, deeply into her bowel.  How had it 
done that?  It had surprised her that it was so easy.  
She wasn't prepared for the pressure or fullness or 
the depth of it.  She wasn't ready for the feeling of 
it coming in when she tried to push it out, and 
especially its slipping out when she tried to hold it 
in.  

Especially the latter, because leaving her it had 
felt like an enormous turd that she couldn't stop, 
and she had suddenly been filled with the terrible 
sense that she would foul the bed.

Too many sensations and thoughts to process now, so 
she just watched his penis.  It had been in her where 
it couldn't and shouldn't be, and she had been swept 
up in the experience.  Her main thought was of how 
she hadn't been prepared to want it so, to want him 
to use her dirty.  She finally accepted something 
about herself that had been hiding in the back of her 
mind.  

His dick had come away with a little shit behind the 
head, but there had been no hurry in his walk to the 
bathroom to wash it.  It had been in her shit.  It 
had spurted semen into her shit.  Would cum seep out 
of her now?   She clamped her sphincter as tightly as 
she could.

"Wasn't it like I told you?  You were screaming, you 
know."

He didn't have to be condescending, the bastard.  He 
went on:

"You are always so incredible, with whatever I do to 
you.  I've never known a lover as wonderful as you."

What a marvelous bastard.  She nestled in closer.  
She had been feeling his heat and smelling him while 
her mind went round and round.  Now she ran her left 
hand over his chest, scratching his nipples very 
lightly with her fingernails to make them stiffen.  
She wanted to play back at him a little.  She ran her 
hand down his stomach, into and past his naval.  His 
belly jerked a little, because he was so sensitive 
right after sex.

When she reached his penis she caressed the soft 
thing up and down.  She pulled back the foreskin, to 
see the center of his pleasure, pink, seeping just a 
trace of clear fluid, and she was struck by the image 
of it inside her intestine, sliding through her 
feces.  How well had he washed?  She let it go and 
moved on.  His balls were loose and malleable, not 
drawn tightly to his body like they were when he was 
stiff.  They moved a little in her hand, and the 
penis stirred.

"Suck it."

No, not right now.

"It's clean.  It'll only taste like soap, if 
anything."

She moved down and licked it.  Yes, a trace of soap.

"You know this is my favorite toy," she said.  "Ever 
since you first showed it to me.  It was begging me 
to play with it.  I like it even more because you do 
such dirty things with it.  Does that make me a 
pervert?"

"I hope so, hon.  Now will you suck it?"

"The first time I sucked it I fell in love with it.  
That was the first dirty thing we ever did together 
and it was sooo wonderful.  Do you remember?"

"Yes, hon, I . . ." 

He had to stop for a minute because she was sucking 
on his penis.

"Yes, I remember.  How I could forget?"

"Now this.  It's my sweet, dirty, ass-fucker.  It 
fucked my ass.  Darling I'm getting excited all over 
again.  Will you do my ass again, then let me wash 
your cock myself?"

He suddenly wasn't sure exactly what he'd gotten 
himself into, if it had been such a great victory for 
him after all.  Whatever.  She'd taken the trouble to 
get him erect again, and one had to be a gentleman 
about these things.
