Title: That's the Breaks Ch. 01




Summary: Rick saves his sister and changes his entire family. 




Keywords: inc,fic




My 20 year old sister was throwing a party at the house she shared with three other coeds. My sister, Jasmine, (I call her Jazy) was a sophomore at the local college and was taking a rather light load this summer. I'm Rick, her 18 year old recent high school graduate brother and non-invitee. She has always thought of me as a pain in the ass. Once she told me I was lower than the scum of the earth! Still, I wanted to crash her party! Hmmm, maybe that is why she hates me so much.

Anyway, the party was in full swing when I snuck in through the kitchen's back door, grabbed a beer and chugged it, then grabbed another. I was on my third beer when a hand grabbed my shoulder and spun me around. "What the fuck are YOU doing here? Just get the fuck out of here, NOW! Why can't you ever just leave me alone?" My sister then shoved me towards the door with firm instructions to go home. When a big brute of a guy hoisted her into his arms she squealed in delight, then they were gone from the room. I chugged my beer and grabbed another one before I started heading out the door. 

As I walked past the side of the house I looked in the window and saw Jazy fighting off the big guy, and screaming "NO! STOP! Leave me alone!" Several guys had formed a circle around them and were urging him on. 'What the fuck!' I thought and watched for another half minute when I saw him tear my sister's top from her body and grab for her bra. Jazy had terror written all over her face and I ran back into the house.

I dove through an opening in the circle of guys and slammed my shoulder into his gut, knocking him to the floor. He looked up at me in surprise as I told him to leave her alone, then he laughed at me. He rose to his feet, picked me up by the neck and threw me out onto the lawn, then followed me outside still laughing. His friends followed us and they somehow all had aluminum baseball bats and started pounding my body with them as Jazy screamed for them to stop. 

I never saw the cops arrive, never saw the EMTs either as I finally came to in the hospital. I had tried to protect my head and did a fair job of it. However, my arms ended up broken in eight places (2 were compound fractures) and the surgeon told me they had to use eighteen pins and five screws to hold me together! Both arms were in full casts and basically were strapped to my body. I also ached from all the bruises and abrasions I received.

Jazy, my mom (Heather) and my grandmother (Jennifer) were at my side when I awoke. Through the pain killers I vaguely remember them all being happy I wasn't hurt worse and I found it strange that my sister was concerned for me for the first time in her life. Then I faded away and awoke about an hour later. By the time the pain medicine had faded enough to clear my head it was about nine the next morning and the doctor said I could go home in one more day. I looked down at my arms and thought he must be nuts.

The doctor told my mom that I would be pretty much helpless for about six weeks, and that she, or somebody, would have to do many um, things for me. Mom couldn't see using a home nurse when the three women in my life could handle everything so she said, "We will take care of his needs, won't we girls?" I looked from her to my sister and grandmother and saw them both heartily agree with her. 

I was discharged the next day, Sunday, at about 4 PM and mom took me home. I don't remember much of what she said on the drive home except that she was proud of me for defending my sister's honor. I just mumbled something in reply. In reality, I figured I had ruined my chance to start college on time, and for what? A sister who hated me! God, I thought, I was so stupid.

I slept most of the time once I got home, and mom was cool about having to help me pee. I wasn't fazed by it as I was really in a daze from the pain meds, although it did feel strange to have mom holding my cock in her hand. Monday morning mom told me that she would be staying home with me that day, and that she, my sis and grandma had come up with a schedule so I would always have somebody there to help me. Jazy had no classes on Tuesday's and Thursday's so she would be here on those days. Grandma would cover the other weekdays and mom would be here for the weekends. Mom's job and new promotion required her to be out of town most weekdays and nights.

It was about 2PM on Monday when I said with a red face, "Mom, um...I...ahhh...have to...um...shit!"

"Don't get angry and start swearing, son," she said, "just tell me what you need."

That made me laugh, but my bruises hurt so I winced and stopped. "Mom, um, I didn't swear."

"Oh. Ooooooooohhhhh!" she said as it dawned on her and we both blushed as we each performed our part of the task. "There, that wasn't so bad." She said after pulling my shorts up and washing her hands.

"Jesus, mom, this really sucks! I hate to have you do this for me! Damn, I wish I had never crashed her party!"

"Don't say that! You saved your sister from hell! We are all very proud of you and will do what ever we can to make you comfortable and get through this difficult time for you!"

"But, mom, she doesn't even like me! I'm not sure it was worth all this...this crap!"

"SILENCE! I told you we are all proud of you, especially Jasmine. In fact she was amazed that you helped her! She told me she is really sorry to have always been so mean to you!"

"Yeah, sure."

Again mom silenced me and assured me she was speaking the truth. I didn't feel like arguing, so instead I took a nap, had supper and slept the night away. When I awoke I had a raging morning wood and needed to pee in the worst way. "MOM!" I called out as I struggled to slip from my bed, then called out again as I slowly headed for the bathroom. I heard her steps on the stairs and I said "Hurry, I need to take a leak, Mom!" 

I made it to the bathroom and took up position before the toilet, anxiously waiting for her help. "Hurry MOM!" I cried out just before Jazy's head poked around the door. I looked at her frantically and shouted "I've gotta pee!"

Instantly she grabbed my shorts and yanked them down, my rock hard cock flying wildly before me as it started shooting piss all over the place. "OH GOD!" Jazy yelled before she grabbed my dick and forced it down towards the bowl, getting the rest of my yellow water to hit the target. When I finished she gave me a shake and then stroked my length, forcing out the few remaining drops. Then she looked at her wet hand and my wet cock and said, "I'd better clean us up." Quickly she got a wash cloth and ran it under the faucet before soaping it up and rubbing my cock several times along my full length (9 inches). Then she washed her hands and went to dry us off.

"Um sis, what about the soap?" Jazy looked at my cock and saw it was still covered with soap bubbles from her washing me and quickly rinsed the cloth before rinsing my shaft. She pulled the rag from me and rinsed it again then took my cock in her hand again and inspected it for remaining suds. She wiped me again and then stood there holding my cock as she turned, pulled and twisted it searching for more soap. I guess she didn't realize what effect she was having on me until my cock jumped in her hand and she suddenly blushed as she gasped and tore her hand from me.

"Oh shit, Rick, I'm sorry! I was just trying to clean your...you up and...oh shit, I am soooo sorry!" she cried out as she ran from the room leaving me with my cock sticking straight out and my shorts around my ankles.

"Fuck!" I hissed as I thought about my predicament. Finally I carefully lifted one foot out of my shorts and then walked, basically naked, downstairs with my shorts around my left foot and my now half-hard cock leading the way.

Jazy looked up at me as I neared the bottom of the steps and said, "I hope I didn't embarrass you...Rick, you are NAKED!" 

I took two more steps and my foot with the shorts flopping from it reached the floor as I said, "I am NOT! I am dressed as well as I can be!"

My sister turned crimson and rushed to my side saying, "Damn, I forgot to pull up your shorts! I'm really sorry!" 

"Not as sorry as I am! This is hell, you know." 

Jazy knelt before me and struggled trying to get my foot through my shorts leg. Each time she looked up at me to steady me her eyes were level with my bouncing cock. She was really flustered but finally my foot was through the leg opening and she roughly pulled my shorts up to my waist then let go of the elastic waist band and it quickly trapped my cock between my stomach and the shorts with a loud snap.

"OUCH! Christ, Jazy, I'm hurting bad enough! I don't need that broken too!"

Her eyes spun back to me and saw my cock head clamped to my belly button and gasped then used her left hand to pull out my waist band again as her right hand grabbed my cock and rather harshly shoved my shaft out of sight. "There!" she said triumphantly, her smile leaving when she saw my reaction. "What now?"

"Well, nurse crotchety, your patient skills need some fine tuning. Or are you trying to break it off of me?"

"Oh gosh no! I...it's...wow, when we talked about doing this I never thought it would be so hard...I mean difficult!"

"Would it help if I just stopped wearing clothes?"

"Oh god NO!"

"Should I just stay in my room?"

Jazy looked down at the floor and said, "Rick, let's go sit down and talk for a bit, okay? I'll get us both something to drink." I went in and sat on the couch to wait for her. When she returned she surprised me by sitting next to me and holding out a Coke with a straw in it. After I took a sip she set it on the coffee table and looked at me nervously. "Gosh, this is so difficult! Look, Rick, I have always thought of you as my little brother..."

"Correction, make that shit-head pain in the ass little brother!"

"Granted, but this morning when you...um...when...well you know, and I had to grab you like that, I um...shit...I thought 'whose cock is this'? I mean, you were supposed to be my LITTLE brother, NOT the owner of THAT!" and she waved her hand at my crotch.

"Come on sis, you've seen cocks before! This one just happens to be mine, but you will have to learn to ignore it or it's going to be a long 6 weeks!"

"I'm sure making a mess of things! First I kick out of my party the only person who would protect me..."

"Yeah, I did a real good job of that!" I said as I sort of lifted my casts.

"But you did! Jenny had started recording it on her cell phone camera while Beth called 911, and then you slammed into Pete and it took him and four of his friends to do this to you. His friends are in jail, and Pete is in the hospital with five broken ribs from your shoulder! When the cops got there he was bleeding profusely from the mouth and coughing up blood like mad. He is also under arrest with a very high bail."

"No shit!" I said amazed.

"Totally true! Now as I was saying, first I kicked you out, then I make you pee all over the bathroom  shit I still need to clean that up  and then I try to leave you with soap all over your...um...thing!" She took a deep breath and continued, "Then I snap um, you know with the elastic waist band AFTER leaving you with your shorts around your feet! Jeez I'm a mess when it comes to being a nurse!"

"Like I said, just ignore my cock and things will be a whole lot easier!"

"IGNOR THAT!" she yelled, making me cringe, "How can I do that?"

"Sis, a girl as pretty as you must have had tons of boyfriends, and you've probably seen most of their cocks. This can't be that big of a deal!"

"From what I've seen, and felt, it is a big deal. A very big deal that none of my boyfriends could match. But I can get a handle on this and we will get past this uncomfortable stage, trust me."

We talked about other stuff for a while, then she helped me take another pain pill and I dozed off for about two hours. As I came around I noticed I had another hard on and wondered about it, then I felt someone's fingers lightly stroke my full length and tease my cock head! Holy shit, my sister was playing with my cock! Part of me wanted to open my eyes and scream out "GOTCHA!" But the rest of me wanted to give her a warning that I was waking up, so the next time she ran her fingers along my length I moaned loudly and moved just a bit. Jazy's hand quickly flew away and after about half a minute I opened my eyes slowly and faked a yawn.

"Oh hi," I said, "you didn't have to sit with me."

"Oh I don't mind."

"Well, okay. Oh shit," I said looking at my cock throbbing in my shorts, "I'm sorry Jazy, you must think I'm some kind of pervert to have a hard-on all the time!"

Jazy's head snapped up and she looked into my eyes before saying softly, "Nonsense, these pills will mess with your system! Remember, I told you we would work through this. Besides, rumor has it you are still a horny teenaged boy!"

"So your protector is just a boy, huh?"

"NO! What I mean is you are still a teenager, but you are all man from where I sit!"

"Really...all man?" I said and she nodded. "Well this MAN needs to pee again, sis." She quickly helped me to my feet and walked with me to the bathroom. Jazy gently pulled my shorts down and took my cock into her hand softly as she aimed it at the toilet bowl. I let loose a massive stream that seemed to take forever, but she never took her hand away. 

When I was finished she gently squeezed my base between her thumb and fore finger, then slowly pulled them my full length and then shook off the drops that formed at the tip. She retraced her movements one more time and I groaned just before she shook me again. With her other hand she grabbed some toilet paper and dabbed at the end before gently pulling up my shorts and tucking me back in with ease. 

Smiling brightly she said, "There, I think that went much better, don't you?"

"Yes I do! I think the new nurse might have been playing with my cock, though!"

Jazy blushed as she stammered trying to defend her actions. Finally she put her hands on her hips and asked "Would it be that bad if the new nurse was doing that?"

"I don't know, playing can get very messy, and the other nurse doesn't like to clean up very much!" 

"SHIT! I forgot about the upstairs bathroom!" With that she dashed past me and ran upstairs. A few minutes later she returned and said, "I'm sorry, I should have helped you sit down! I'm glad you made it." We both laughed and the rest of the day went by rather uneventfully. I watched some foreign sport on ESPN and she worked on her assignments. 

Just before supper she helped me with my bathroom duties and it was a repeat of the previous time. In spite of every thing I tried, my cock was at least half hard most of the day. Around 8 PM I took another pain pill and said "Sis, would you help me take a leak again and then I need to go to bed."

"Sure, Rick, my pleasure!"

We went upstairs and into the bathroom where she pulled my shorts down and let them drop to the floor. "Hmmm," I thought as she eagerly took my semi hard cock into her hands and I emptied my bladder.

She again stroked my cock twice to push out any stray drops and noticed my cock twitch in her hand. "Rick, I think...um...I think that six weeks is an awful long time, don't you?"

"Yup," I replied as she still held my cock.

"You've been hard nearly all day. Should I help with that?"

"Wh...what?" I gasped as she tightened her grip.

"I know that can be very uncomfortable for a guy, and grandma will be here tomorrow. So I thought that, if you don't mind, I would, you know, help out a bit."

We looked into each other's eyes and she took my silence as a yes. "I think this will do nicely," she said as she reached for a pump bottle of lotion that I didn't remember seeing there before. She pumped several big dollops of lotion into her right hand and then lightly clenched her fist. "Just trying to warm it up for you," she said as her eyes devoured my rock hard cock.

I had been struck mute at her suggestion and didn't regain the ability of sound creation until her hand reached out and gently wrapped around my shaft. "Ohhhh fuckkkk, sis," I groaned at her first touch. I nearly collapsed when she started stroking me, her hand moving along my entire length with a very gentle touch.

"Do you like this?" she asked with a smile on her face.

"Oh fuuuuuuck!" was all I could say as she tightened her grip and stroked me faster. Somehow she pumped more lotion onto her left hand as her right continued working my shaft.

Jasmine moved slightly behind me and wrapped her left arm around me saying "I think this one takes two hands!" Now standing behind me Jazy's left hand wrapped around my cock head as her right squeezed my cock's base and she moaned, "Oooooh yeahhh, that is much better! Right, Rick?"

"Oh my god, Jazy," I said as my hips jerked at her touch. Somehow I managed to gain some control as my sister began really sliding her slick fingers up and down my cock. With every other stroke she would give special attention to my helmet head as she leaned around my side and under my cast in order to watch her hands at work. 

I thought I was going to erupt three times but she must have sensed it and backed off on her efforts, still stroking me but letting my tension ease up. Many times I have jerked off in less than five minutes, and having somebody else working my shaft towards the ultimate goal was making me extremely excited. Yet somehow my sister was still working my shaft after ten minutes and three reapplications of lotion to her hands! 

Jazy changed from moving her hands straight back and forth and added a sensuous twist along my length and I groaned as my hips jerked again. "Does my wonderful brother like this?" she asked softly.

I gasped hard again and my voice cracked out a wavering "Yes!"

"Good! I really want you to enjoy this, Rick," she said softly as her right hand gripped me tighter and increased its stroking motion. She released her left hand and pulled her head back before slipping around onto my right side where she regripped again with both hands. I gasped again as she tightened her grip again and doubled her speed as her hands stroked and twisted on my shaft. 

"Oh god, sis, oh fuck! Oh shit you're going to make me cum!"

She leaned in and kissed my ear then whispered, "That is the idea, my dear brother! Cum for me! Cum for your sister!"

That was all it took and my cock hardened precipitously and my cum blasted straight out of my tip and splattered on the wall behind the toilet. Jazy then pushed my cock down with her left hand as her right hand continued wildly jerking and twisting around my purple shaft. "Oh my god! HOLY FUCK, SIS!" I cried out before she clamped her lips onto mine and kissed me hard, her tongue flailing wildly at my own while she milked more and more jism from my balls.

I wanted to hug her to me so badly, but my casts wouldn't allow it. The only thing I could do was thrust my hips harder as her hands continued stroking me. Jazy broke the kiss and looked down at my cock in her hands. Then she looked at the cum explosion on the wall before moving her eyes to the toilet bowl that had rope after rope after rope of cum floating in it.

"Wow, that was some load you had in there! No wonder you were hard all day! How many times do you take care of that problem?"

"Um...jeez sis, that's pretty personal, you know."

"Hey, I've got your cock in my hands! How much more personal can we get?" I nearly told her when she said, "DON'T answer that! But what is it, two, three, maybe four times a week?" She was nearly correct but who's going to tell her that!

"You are kidding aren't you?" I said as I decided to embellish things a little. "It's at least three or four times a DAY! Damn, I was hoping to get lucky with one of the slightly tipsy girls at your party, but it has been a LONG time since then!"

"Oh my poor brother, no wonder you tried to blast a hole in the wall! I hope you can hold out till Thursday! I'm here to help you with things you can't do, and I believe this falls into that category!"

Did my sister just volunteer to jerk me off every day she is here? Holy shit! Jazy leaned in and lightly kissed my cheek again before saying, "Goodness me, I need to clean you off!" She was right as my cock and her hands were covered in a mixture of hand lotion and cum. "I think the wash cloth was too rough." And she quickly washed her hands before working up a huge lather and moving her hands to my cock. I groaned again as she stroked my shaft in order to 'wash' it.

Several times she rewet her hands and got more soap then returned to 'cleaning' my shaft. I had been going soft until she started cleaning me and now I was rock hard again. "Oh my, little brother needs to cum again!" she said happily and this time worked straight to her goal and soon had me shooting another huge load into the cum filled toilet before my shaking legs. 

"Ohhhh Jazzzzzzzzy! Ohfuckfuckfuckfuck...FUCK!" I shouted as my jizm shot out of me, her aim straight and true. She made certain every drop of spunk was milked from me before she rinsed her hands and grabbed the washcloth to rinse my cock with. I stood there in stunned silence as she gently cleaned me of all traces of her activities. When she was finished she leaned down and pulled up my shorts, carefully and gently tucking my flagging cock inside. 

"There, good as new, dear brother!" she said as she rubbed my crotch while leaning in and kissing me lightly on the lips. "Now let's get you into bed!" and she helped me get under the covers. 

As she stood up I looked into her eyes and said in a wavering voice, "Thanks, um, sis. Thanks a lot!"

"Oh no you don't! It's thank YOU, dear brother! Thank you with all my heart." She touched my cheek lightly before turning and walking to the door. Just before she closed it she said, "I love you Rick, sleep well!" Holy shit, was that really my sister that jerked me off, twice, and said she loved me?!

**********

The next morning I awoke to a limp dick and thanked my sister for preventing an embarrassing moment with my grandmother. I was getting out of bed when sis peeked in to check on me and quickly helped me take care of business. She made breakfast and I ate, with her help, a big meal. I slept for two hours and awoke needing to pee again. Again she helped me, and she made no mention of the huge boner she had to handle. Then she left for school and my grandmother took over my care.

I suppose I should mention something about my mom, sister and grandmother. Mom is 38, 5' 8" and about 130 pounds of 34C-24-36. She had Jazy at 18, three weeks after getting married to my dad. Yes, the same dad who divorced her and married his 19 year old secretary six years ago. Jazy is 5'7" tall with about 115 pounds spread over a delightful sports toned 32C-22-34 body. Grandma is 58, only had one child and has been a widow for my entire life. She is about 145 pounds spread over a 5' 11" frame and about 36D-28-36 with a slightly pudgy stomach. Jazy gets her good looks from our mom who in turn got them from grandma! I started wondering if there was such a thing as a GMILF; you know, a grand mother I'd love to fuck! Then I blamed that thought on my meds and shook my head to clear it.

Grandma kept bringing the coffee pot in and refilling my cup over and over until I had to tell her I was coffeed out. So she promptly returned with a glass of Coke. I didn't refuse that as I figured it is much easier to enjoy soda through a straw than it is to drink hot coffee from the straw! All these drinks made my bladder fill several times and I had to get grandma's help every time. And each time she gently held my cock in her hands and aimed my stream straight into the bowl. 

We had an early supper and she easily went back and forth spooning food into my mouth, then her own before feeding me again. About an hour after supper I had to hit the bathroom again, this time to pee and poop! Grandma acted unaffected by my nudity as she cleaned me up once I was finished. "Rick, I think I should give you a bath now. That will make certain you are clean...down there!" In vain I protested but soon she had the bath water ready and then she helped me down into the very warm water.

Being careful to keep my casts dry, my grandma quickly washed my legs, back, and chest before telling me to get on my knees so she could wash my bottom. With her help I got into position and her hands washed my embarrassed butt. She didn't even wince as she cleaned out my crack! My shaft was all ready at attention when she rinsed her hands before soaping back up and reaching for my cock.

For the first time her fingers were doing something other than simply holding me, as she rubbed her hands deftly along my full length, making certain she didn't miss any spot. My cock lurched in her hand several times and once I let slip a moan of pleasure. "Rick, I can imagine how difficult this must be for you. You were very brave to defend your sister like you did, and then you end up like this. It just doesn't seem fair, does it?" I groaned again as she said the last two words due to her fingers tightening around me as she gave me a hard jerk on my shaft. 

My hopes were dashed when she said "Let's get you rinsed off and out of this tub so I can dry you off." Soon I was standing before my grandma as she knelt before me drying my legs, chest and cock. She spent quite a bit of time on my cock before reaching around me and drying my back side. This just brought her head alarmingly close to my hard shaft, but she worked seemingly oblivious to my predicament. "Oops, I forgot to grab clean shorts for you." She then stood up and grabbed my cast as she led me to my room and had me sit on the edge of my bed. 

My mom had bought me several more pairs of these easy on/off sports shorts and grandma grabbed one from my drawer. As she bent down and worked the shorts over my feet and up my calves her head bumped into my bouncing cock. "Ooops! Sorry honey, that thing is much bigger than your grandfather's was." She looked off to the side as if in thought before looking back at me sighing out, "Damn I sure do miss him." She was resting her hands on my thighs and her eyes went to my rock hard member, then she said, "I'm sorry Rick; my arthritis won't let me have much of a grip anymore."

Thinking she was talking about having difficulty pulling up my shorts I said, "That's okay, grandma, you are doing fine today." Just then she looked up at me as she leaned forward and slipped her lips around my now twitching cock! "Oh shit! Grandma...what...oh god!" I looked down in amazement as she took my shaft all the way to the back of her mouth, then pulled back off of me as her tongue rapidly snaked along the underside. "Oh fuck!" I gasped as she sucked hard before pulling her mouth from my steel pillar.

Grandma looked at me with lust filled eyes as she wrapped her hands around my shaft and said huskily, "Please don't be mad at me, Rick, I haven't seen a hard cock since your grandfather died before you were born! I didn't expect this to happen, but you have such a beautiful cock that I just can't resist it! Your grandfather really loved it when I did this for him, I hope you do to!"

She gobbled up my cock before I could say anything so I just groaned in pleasure again. I was shocked when my sister jerked me off twice the day before, but this was way beyond shock! What really blew me away (no pun intended) was how good my grandma was at giving head. No, she didn't deep throat me but the first 4 to 5 inches of my cock was transported to heaven on earth. Two of my girlfriends had tried giving me blowjobs but, even though they both got mouths full of cum, neither was even one tenth as good as my surprising grandmother. 

Grandma had been sucking me for well over ten minutes when she sensed my cock getting harder and she worked her tongue like mad on my underside and my tip as her suction doubled in intensity. "Oh god, oh grandma you're going to make me cum!" I shouted. When she didn't stop or even slow down, I warned her again with, "Oh jeez, I'm going to cum in your mouth! Oh shit grandma! Oh god it's so good...oh god...OH GOD!" My hips began thrusting up into her mouth as best I could before I simply fell back onto my back on the bed. 

Grandma sucked even harder as her hands stroked my balls and exposed cock as I began to twitch in her mouth! "OH JEEEEZZZZZZZZZZZ!" I shouted as my cock jumped inside her and I blasted a huge rope deep in her mouth! Neither of my girlfriends could handle my loads and wouldn't do it again due to the mess, but grandma took all I had as if it was cotton candy. Her cheeks swelled way out, only to have her swallow it all down when my blast finished. Then I would power another blast into her and again her cheeks swelled before she swallowed it all down again. I fired six full ropes into her and she swallowed each of them without loosing even one drop! After my last salvo was launched she jerked, sucked, and licked at me in earnest in order to pull every last drop from my cock.

Grandma licked and sucked my cock for two or three minutes after I stopped cumming before she let my cock slip from her lips. She gave it a parting kiss and then climbed onto my bed beside me. Stroking my cheek she said, "I hope I didn't freak you out by doing this to you! I just couldn't resist it anymore! I figured that you probably needed release since every time I saw your cock you were hard and I knew I couldn't be turning you on!"

"Come on grandma, you know you are still good looking. In fact, for a grandmother you are HOT!"

"Oh hush, I am not!" she said as I argued back that she is. Finally she said, "Enough! Whether I am hot or not, I don't think I want to be giving blow jobs to somebody that calls me 'grandma', so at least while I am helping out I want you to call me Jennifer or Jen!"

We looked at each other for several moments before my eyes bugged out and my mouth dropped wide open, then I said, "Does...um...does that mean you plan on doing this again?!"

"Well, I don't see how you will be able to jerk off on your own for quite some time, so I might as well help out some more. Besides, I really liked doing that for you. Your cum tastes much better than your grandpa's did and your cock is much bigger...MUCH bigger!" She gave my cock a squeeze then before asking, "How many times did you masturbate each week?"

I winced at that question before saying, "Well, I think I averaged about three or four times..........a day!"

Her face went into shock before she recovered and said, "Well, I can't help you out with that high of a number, but we'll just have to do the best we can!"

We grinned at each other as I said, "Yes, gran...I mean Jen, we will do the best we can!"

Grandma kissed my cock head again before saying, "Rick, this must be our secret! You can't tell anyone about this. Nobody would understand. Can you do this, keep our secret?"

"Hey, if you are willing to suck my cock like you just did...which was fantastic...then I can sure keep the secret!" She pulled my shorts up finally and she hugged and kissed me before we went back downstairs. Nothing was said about what had transpired in my bedroom and we had a pleasant evening watching TV. Around 8:30 I told her I was tired and needed to get to bed. She helped me with my taking one last pee and then as I slipped onto my bed she said, "I believe you were hard in there!" 

I knew I wasn't, just about my normal soft size but no way would I argue about it! Grandma slid onto the bed beside me and gently took me into her mouth, quickly coaxing my shaft to its full hardness. She happily sucked and jerked my shaft, her tongue slurping around me everywhere as I tried to hump up into her mouth. She really got into it and was moaning nearly as much as I was as I got closer and closer to my climax. 

She was taking me to the back of her throat again when suddenly my hips thrust up high and hard as I cried out. Grandma wasn't ready for it and my cock suddenly slid all the way down her throat, her nose pressed into my pubic hair as my first blast rocketed into her throat! My hands wanted to hold her head to my cock but my fingers wiggled in vain about five inches too high as my second rope joined the first deep in her throat. Before the third blast she pulled back a bit and sucked the rest of my cum into her greedily swallowing mouth! When I finished cumming she again loved my cock as I slowly relaxed and grew slightly softer. 

Finally she pulled off of me and licked her lips in a satisfied motion. "Well, THAT was certainly unexpected!" she said.

"I'm sorry, gr...Jen, I didn't mean to do it!"

"That's okay, Rick, I sort of liked it! But I just love the taste and feel of your cum spurting into my mouth, so I just had to pull back a bit! But trust me, on Friday I will practice taking you all the way into my throat! And that is a promise, young man!" Then she kissed me again, once on the lips and once on my cock head, before pulling my shorts back up. "Good night, Rick! I can't wait till Friday!" 

"Goodnight, Jen, and thanks...for everything! I'll count the minutes till Friday!"

My grandma slipped out the door and shut it behind her as I thought of how this week was working out. As hard as it was to believe that my sister had jerked me off twice, it was beyond any sane comprehension that my GRANDMOTHER had sucked me off not once but also twice! I tried to pinch myself but only got air. Hey, I'll take air if I still get hand jobs and blow jobs! Then I drifted off to a great night's sleep.

********

I was dreaming that Jennifer Anniston was jerking me off when I suddenly realized it was no dream! "Oh, Jen, that's so good!" I said thinking it was my grandma.

"Just who the hell is this Jen girl that is playing with my brother's cock!" My head snapped up and I stared into my sister's eyes as her hand froze on my shaft. I could only think of how glad I was that I didn't say 'grandma' instead of Jen! She removed her hand and demanded, "Well?"

"Sorry Jazy, I was dreaming about Jennifer Anniston jerking me off and I guess I called out her name." I tried to give her my most soulful look hoping she would buy it, and she did.

"Oh, well at least you have great taste in dream girls!" she said as she resumed slowly jerking my shaft. "I figured you would need relief right away after me not being here yesterday. And I will try to do more than your usual so you can make it till I come back on Tuesday!"

True to her word she jerked me off a total of five times that day. FIVE TIMES! Each time she did it I had to convince myself that the sister who hated me was actually doing this for me. By the fourth time I started thinking if she might be agreeable to doing what our grandma was already doing. Hell, I came in bucket loads the moment I visualized Jazy sucking my hard cock! I guess that is why she gave me one additional jerk off as my fourth cum was the largest of the day.

During the day we talked when I was awake. I learned that she had been fucking her boyfriend, but that his cock was just barely 5 inches long. After her fourth hand job I said, "Of all your boyfriends, who was the best lover? You know, the one who made you cum the most."

Jazy lowered her eyes and looked at her fingers before replying, "John (her current boyfriend) is the best, I guess, but I don't think I can cum from intercourse."

"That would be sad if true." 

"Yeah, tell me about it! I can get myself off and I think I can cum from oral, but John doesn't like to do that..."

"He's stupid."

"Why do you say that? You don't even know him!"

"Jeez sis, go ahead and defend your boyfriend! Defend the guy that is too stupid to make his girlfriend happy! Shit, if he can't make you cum with his little dick, then the least he should do is go down on you and make you cum that way. I think he is a selfish asshole!"

"Oh you do, do you?"

"Hell yes! I know that if you were my girlfriend, I'd make you cum on my tongue AND my cock!"

"Oh really now! You sound pretty sure of yourself, especially since we will never find out!"

"We might." I said and she gave me a weird look. "Hey, you might just break both of your arms and I would naturally return to you the same helpful attitude that you are bestowing on me!" Jazy changed the subject and we never even got close to it the rest of the day. But I knew I had planted the seed and we still had five weeks to go.

She did seem sad that we would not be together for four whole days, but said she would make up for it on day five! All I could do was hope things worked out the way I wanted them to.

I awoke on Friday to an awesome blow job from my grandma. She seemed to love the taste of my cum and I managed to give her an incredible...I thought...six loads of my spunk throughout the day! Twice I thought she was on the verge of mounting me and fucking the shit out of me, but in the end it never happened.

Saturday morning I awoke surprised to be alone with my raging hard-on. Then I remembered that mom was due home early in the morning and so I would get no blow job from Jen. Mom checked on me shortly after I woke up and helped me to the bathroom where she did her motherly duties of holding my hard cock down so I would pee into the toilet bowl and not on the wall. She acted as if it was the most natural thing in the world to do and I was slightly disappointed. In fact, she made it through two more pee sessions and one poop fest unfazed. 

It wasn't until I asked her to give me a bath that she began to loose it. She was doing pretty good at maintaining our roles of mother and son; then she finally had to wash my cock. The moment I felt my flaccid cock begin to swell I groaned loudly. Damn, I hoped I hadn't overdone it! Mom paused with her hand tightly gripping my shaft before she said, "I'm sorry, Rick, I didn't mean to hurt you."

"Oh mom, it didn't hurt. It felt wonderful! I...I can't do that to myself now." And I moved my cast covered arms, flailing hopelessly over my crotch.

"You mean, um, you can't..." and she stroked my shaft twice along its full length.

"Nope. There's no way."

"Oh my poor darling, it must be quite hard," she squeezed me once, then continued, "I mean it must be very difficult for you to cope with this. I know how a young man has needs...needs that must be taken care of frequently." All the while she spoke her hand gently stroked my cock's full length. Slowly her tempo and grip increased until she was wanking me off with gusto! 

Mom leaned down to really concentrate on what she was doing and I managed to cup her ample left breast in my hand. She didn't seem to notice and I managed to squeeze and pinch it until I could feel her nipple tighten into a rock hard, nearly  inch eraser just before I exploded. My first blast shot straight up and into her face, with most of it going right into her open mouth! She bent my shaft down and the rest of my load splashed against the other end of the tub. 

I didn't notice much about that though. I was concentrating on her mouth, which had closed after I filled it with my seed. None of my white lava ever seeped from between her lips, and when she finally reopened her mouth it was completely empty! Mom had swallowed my cum! When I was finished cumming she stroked my shaft about five more times before easing her hand from me.

She looked down at my cock and her hand, then looked up into my eyes. "I don't believe I just did that to you, son!"

"Oh mom, it felt so good! You are so hot, mom! I love you so much!"

"I love you too, but I don't think I should be doing something like that to you!"

"But mom, your boob sure liked it when I played with your nipple!"

"WHAT! YOU DID WHAT?" She looked down at her shirt and saw both nipples were hard, but the left one directly above my hand was trying to bore a hole right through her bra and blouse. "Rick, I'm your mother! You shouldn't have done that to me!"

"But I thought I should do something to you, since you were...well, you know!" She didn't speak right away so I pressed onward, "And look, your body certainly liked what my fingers were doing! You must have really great tits with nipples like those!"

"RICK! Stop talking like that!" She stood up and started to leave the room before realizing she had to finish helping me. As she dried my body, my cock continued...with my help...to throb and bounce before her eyes. She couldn't stop staring at my shaft! Once she had finished drying me off and getting my shorts pulled up she was anxious to get out of the bathroom. The word 'flustered' doesn't even come close to how much she was affected by what had happened.

I found her sitting in the kitchen at the table, fidgeting while her hands toyed with her water glass. After grabbing a Coke I sat across from her and  thank god for straws  took a sip before saying "Thanks for the bath mom. I really feel much better, now!" 

"Yeah, I suppose YOU do!" she sarcastically replied. She seemed in a defensive mood and I didn't want to have that so I grabbed my soda and headed to the family room.

Just before I exited the kitchen I turned and said, "Oh mom, when you swallowed my cum, that really did nothing to help clean up the rest of the rope that goes across your cheek and up into your hair!" I disappeared from her view as she gasped in shock and I heard her quickly get up and go to the bathroom. Seconds later she said she was going to take a shower. I sat there dozing off wondering if my comments would work to my advantage, or if I had just screwed up.

The next thing I knew was mom was shaking my right leg and softly saying, "Rick, wake up honey." I decided to pretend to be in a deep sleep as she continued to shake my leg and call out to me in her still soft voice. Her hand on my leg slowly slipped up my leg and soon was pressing against my hardening cock! 

She stopped trying to get me to wake up. Instead her hand wrapped around my cock and she stroked me through my shorts several times. It took all my efforts not to cry out when she took her hand from my cock before slipping it inside my shorts leg and grabbed my bare cock again. Mom let out a soft moan as she resumed stroking my rock hard cock. I started to think she was going to stroke me to another orgasm but suddenly she pulled her hand back and sat back from me. Under her breath she softly said, "Good god, Heather, get a grip on yourself! That's your son's cock! I know it's been years but this is not right!"

Before I could fake waking up my mom hurried from the room and I dozed off again. Much later mom woke me by shaking my shoulder and told me our early supper was ready. My cock had shrunk back to its flaccid state by then. After she helped me eat I told her I needed to go to the bathroom and she hesitantly followed me. At the first touch of her hand on my cock it began swelling again. I smelled her hair before my nose as she bent down and said, "Ooo mom, your hair smells so good since your shower!"

Instantly her hand gripped my shaft more intensely as her face turned to me, our lips nearly touching. She stammered before finally getting out "Um, thank you Rick, I'm glad you like it." Then she turned back to aiming my now rock hard cock towards the bowl. Once I was finished she used some toilet paper to dab away any stray drops from my tip before she tried to get my shaft back into my shorts. "My god, is your cock hard all the time?" she loudly said in desperation.

"Well, it is when a beautiful lady strokes it like that," I told her. When her hand froze on me I said, "Oh mom, please don't stop! It was feeling so good...oh god yes," and her hand resumed jerking my shaft.

"Turn around," she ordered and I obeyed her, turning until my shaft pointed straight at her face. Wrapping both hands around my cock she looked up into my eyes as her hands resumed working my shaft. After a few minutes mom said, "Rick, you can never tell anyone about this! NEVER! I think this is much too dry!" Then she leaned in and sucked my cock all the way to my root, deep throating me in one steady motion!

"OH MOM!" I cried out as she pulled back nearly all the way before deep throating me again. I couldn't believe that my prim and proper mother was sucking my cock like a $1000 an hour hooker! If she could suck cock this good after years without one, just how good would she be at it after a few weeks practice? In spite of all the cumming I had been doing over the past few days, her talented tongue, throat muscles and extreme suction ability soon had me pumping my hips into her face as she devoured me. 

It had been between five and seven minutes from the time mom first took my cock into her mouth until I new my eruption was eminent. "Oh mom...oh god mom! Oh shit I'm going to cum!" I groaned as I tried in vain to grab her head. 

Mom looked into my eyes again and said around my cock, "Do it, Rick, do it! Cum in my mouth, Rick! Oh god I want to taste you cumming in my mouth!" That was all it took as my shaft erupted and my spunk blasted down her throat straight into her stomach! She massaged my shaft with her throat muscles and I gave her two more huge blasts of cum before she pulled back and took the last remaining four or five shots into her mouth. I couldn't believe how much cum my mother sucked out of my balls!

All the while I was pumping her mouth full I was moaning and groaning intensely while speech was impossible! After my cock stopped throbbing and spurting mom's actions slowed way down, but she just wouldn't stop sucking me. Finally I could speak as I said weakly, "Oh hell, mom that was just incredible! I can't believe you...you swallowed my entire load!" (Shit, I nearly mentioned that grandma swallowed it all just like mom did!) "My girlfriends have never done that!" I said as I recovered my senses and covered my near oops. 

She paused in her slurping and said, "I'm so glad you enjoyed it! I did too!" Then she returned to sucking my slightly wilted cock. 

"You did too?" I said in shock. "What do you mean by that, mom? You enjoyed sucking my cock?!"

"Oh honey, more than you could know!" Then she swallowed my shaft and quickly brought me back to full hardness as she once again worked her three-fold magic on my cock. All of mom's repressed sexual urges must have been set free and she frantically worked my cock in search of another huge load of my hot cum! It took her about fifteen minutes but she finally received her reward as I groaned in extreme joy while my cock throbbed incessantly as once more I pumped my mom's mouth full of my seed. She again swallowed it all, somehow not loosing even the slightest drop of my white cream. 

Mom continued working her tongue and lips along my shaft as it twitched and spasmed in the last reflexes of my climax. The phone rang and mom let me slip from her mouth saying, "Damn!" She didn't move and it finally stopped ringing so she swallowed my softening cock once more, her tongue slurping and stroking me everywhere! 

Again the phone rang and this time she let me slip from her mouth saying "I'll get back to you two in a few moments!" Then she rose to her feet as she kissed my cock head and then my lips before heading to the nearest phone.

Although I could not understand what she was saying, her tone told me she was far from happy. After several moments I heard her hang up the phone with a loud BANG as she shouted "SHIT! GOD FUCKING DAMN! SHIT!" 

Then her head peeked around the corner and said, "I'm so sorry, Rick, but I have got to pack and fly to fucking god damned Houston!"

"When?" I asked hoping for another round of incredible blowjobs.

"NOW!" her dejected face yelled! "But when I return, we are going to do this again and again! But in my bed, my knees are killing me!" Again she kissed me and then dashed back to her bedroom to pack her suitcase again. Hey, at least I knew she was looking forward to sucking my cock again!

Just a few minutes later she flew into the bathroom and said, "Shit, I'm sorry that I forgot to pull your shorts up! Hey, did you mean it when you said I was beautiful?" I nodded in the affirmative and she patted my cock gently as she said, "Thank you honey, you're not so bad, yourself!" I followed her downstairs as she was checking to make sure she had everything she needed. Once she was satisfied that she was ready, she said, "Your sister will be here in about 30 minutes. She'll stay until Monday morning when your grandma will spend the day with you. If I can't get back by next weekend, your sister will spend it here with you. God damn fucking Houston! That office sucks! Well, I'm sorry honey but I've just got to go!" 

Mom gave me a long un-motherly kiss before dashing out the door, leaving me to think of what might have been. But hey, when she comes back she may even want more than just sucking my cock. Then I thought about my sister and I wondered just how far we might take things over the next day and a half.


to be continued....

For pics visit ---->> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI
