I thought of finishing my encounters with ammayi with chaper 6. Or else it could drag like a mega serial. The encouragement from viewers compelled me to write another chapter about exploring my aunt.

About the picture of my ammayi. I expect that Most of the emailers should have got it through my reply. For those who never received it, I have requested HumanDigest to post it for me on their site. The link can be found at the end of this chapter.

True, she is really a sex goddess, who have taken me to this wonderful erotic world. (New readers can read my previous stories at "Aunt Stories" section under the title of "School Vacation". Do not curse me for eating up your time, since it is spread into 6 long chapters)

After our regular encounters as described in my previous chapters I had to go to Ernakulam for my higher studies. The life over there was totally studious and busy. It was a dry life for me with exceptions to weekly "Vanams".

I had to restrict to weekly since, the pressure on me during studies was enormous. I didn't get time to go to my uncle's house during this 3 years time. I was missing her very badly. In between my uncle came on leave for 2 times.

I am sure that she should have totally drained him out. I know that she is that much hungry for sex. After my Ernakulam studies I returned back home. On a lazy afternoon I had nothing to do. My mother asked me to go to uncle's house.

She said that my grandmother was not well and she has been admitted to hospital. She asked me to help them and told me to stay there till she gets discharged from hospital. My thing got the signal that the good old days were coming again.

Overthere, my grandmother insisted no one to stay with her in the hospital. Since the hospital was also near from the house, we too agreed for that. Kids had gone to their uncle's house. Imagine....Only me and this Sex goddess have to stay in that house for few nights.

Thinking about this my thing was already steady. He needed her very badly. I could see ammayi's smile, while she was climbing to sit on my motorbike. She rested her hands on my shoulder for grip while riding.

On the way, I did brake hard to let her boobs press on me. 'Naveen..don't do that its paining for me'. Later she wrapped her hands thru my stomach and whispered... 'I won't let you sleep tonight', saying this she milding pinched on my tool.

It was already hard as rock by now. Luckly the road was empty or else someone could have easily saw her naughty gestures. On reaching home, I hugged and kissed her hungrily. It was 3 long years since we had done it.

We didn't waste any time and went to the bedroom. I pushed her to the bed. She was lying on her stomach with her legs slightly spread. I climbed into bed and snuggled up next to her. I got aroused feeling her naked flesh. I started to lightly caress her.

Eventually my hand passed over her thighs and brushed against her butts. My face made it's way down to her pussy. I started to lick up the side of one of her lips. I circled my tongue up and then down over her clit until my tongue was in her pussy.

I stopped for minute realizing that something seemed different. She tasted great and had a deep musk scent to her pussy. I became aroused again and put my face right back to her bush. I worked my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy. After a few

minutes of this, her hips began to move. I felt her hands grab the back of my head and bring my face more into her crotch. Ammayi began moaning and had a great orgasm. She quickly pulled me up to her face and began to kiss me deeply.

My dick quickly found her hole and I began to hump wildly. I was having the time of my life. My dick was being lubricated. After a couple minutes of this I could not hold back any longer and shot my seed into her love hole.

This had to have been one of the biggest orgasms I had ever had. I pulled out of Ammay and rolled off of her. I was truly physically exhausted. Ammayi moved closer to me and into my arms. We both fell asleep feeling great.

The next day I woke up and found that Ammay was not there. I got up and went to the kitchen. Ammayi was standing there fresh after her bath and wearing a "Kasavu mundu" with thin green border. She was looking gorgeous and the fresh smell of her made my tool stand again.

We were like honeymoon couples with full freedom. No one was there to be afraid of. She smiled and came over and hugged me. Ammay told me how great I was and that she had really enjoyed me the night before.

She was missing me all the 3 years very badly. I kissed her and hugged her tighly. I told her that I loved her. "Ammayi, I love you with all my heart. I turned to her and said, "Think you could give me a quick something to look forward to?"

She said, "But of course." She then got on her knees. She pulled my lungi down a bit. She pressed her lips to my tool. Her lips were against my rock hard tool. She slid her tongue out from between her lips and ran it gently up.

By that time, we were at the floor right under ours. I pulled her to her feet. I quickly buttoned my shirt and tucked it back in. We tongue kissed before heading out and back to our desks. The rest of my day was like hell. We played and played till we got so exhausted.

We slept in the afternoon full naked hugging tight. It was the most memorable moments of my life. I will write more hot moments with her in my next chapter.









