
Posted on March 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under Neighbours
Hi, I am Nithin from Kerala, 23 years of age, 5'7 in height and cock size of 5.5. I always love and fantasize about those ladies who are elder than me and those ladies who are having huge and nice boobs and ass. So this story is also about a mature lady whom I had a crush on. Friends forgive me as my English wont be that perfect and there will b some mistakes.

The story is all about my aunts friend Sathya. Telling about Sathya aunty she is very down to earth person and also modern and she lives in Chennai. She is around 38 years of age and guys you wont believe it she is a hot chick, any guy would love to have his cock in her. She is such a sexy goddess that she is having all the assets in perfect shape. She is around 5'7 in height and measurements of 36-32-38.

So coming to the story as I am from Kerala I occasionally visit my aunt in Chennai. During these visits only I got the chance to meet my heroin. I was a little shy type so usually our talks were just a casual hi n bye nothing much. Even though I am a shy type I am a very horny guy. So eventually she started to talk to me about my studies my future plans etc.

Since I was a little fair n having a cute face she liked me very much. Sometimes she used to pull my cheeks when she used to come to aunts house. I liked the way she touch me and whenever she touches me my little brother wakes up.

So one day my aunt went to a business meeting along with her husband to Delhi and since I was there in Chennai my aunt asked sathya aunty to check upon me as I will be alone there. My aunt left in early morning flight to Delhi and she wont be back for 5 days and I was very happy as I can have the house to myself and can watch tons of porn in my laptop.

Immediately after they left I became nude and started to watch porn. Sometime later she came to check upon me. As I was nude it took me some time to open the door and I was little bit sweating even in that cold climate as it was December month. So she asked me what took me so long to open the door and I said I was taking exercise.

Then I asked her to come inside and to take a seat but at that time she said she wanted to use the bathroom and she went to my room as it was close by. At that time only I remembered that I didn't shut my laptop and I has paused in-between a steamy scene and I was really afraid of what would happen now.

When she came back her face was red with anger and scolded me for watching such videos and I was looking down with shame and I was begging her not to mention about this to my aunt as she would throw me out of the house and she would also complain about this to my parents. She said let me think about it and left the house.

I was really scared about this the whole day and I didn't eat anything and couldn't sleep properly, even I called her in her mobile but she didn't pick it. I was really scared the next day when she came to my house....even though I was scared I didn't miss to scan her body.

She was wearing a pink netted saree...I can see her whole body through it...it was tied so tightly to her body that I can see her curves clearly...I was sooo hard by seeing this and was completely in another world that suddenly she shook me to senses...then she asked me what where you dreaming but I unknowingly out that I was thinking about her..."WHATT??"

She exclaimed....then I said nothing aunty in fear and I hurriedly went inside my room and closed it...While preparing lunch in the kitchen she summoned me to kitchen and like an obedient kid I went towards her. Then she said, "I am getting bored why I cant you help me in the kitchen and we can also talk.... I said ok aunty what should I do....she said to cut the vegetables...

I said ok and took some vegetables and started to do my work...then she asked me why are you watching such filthy things and doing bad things...its not good for you...I hung my head down in shame and said sorry to her and said I will never ever watch them aunty I promise.....then what she said totally shocked me...

She said what where you ogling at my body earlier am I that hot for you???? I was really shocked and surprised to hear that from her and due to this shock I cut my finger as I was cutting vegetables....as the blood was coming very much she immediately came towards me and put my finger into her mouth and she started to suck it... ohhh mannn!!!!

That made my cock to rise and it made a bulge in my boxers and it was easily visible....while sucking my finger she had a different look in her face and for the first time I saw lust in that eyes... She suddenly held my cock while she was sucking my bleeding finger and she was pressing my hard cock.

I was jumping in pain as she was crushing my cock and balls.... after begging her to leave me she removed her hand...Then she went to the hall and called me there. I silently went there with pain in my balls. She asked me to stand in front of her. I obediently stood in front of her. She then swiftly removed my shorts and undies.

Now I was nude below. Then she again hit me in my balls and started to verbally assault me. I was very shocked and dyeing with pain by her actions. Then she asked me to kneel down in front of her and asked me to lick her feet. While licking she removed her pallu and started to unbutton her blouse, since I was nude below and seeing her unbuttoning her blouse made my cock to rise.

She saw it and I was afraid that whether she would again beat me there, but instead she started to play with my cock with her feet. I was getting enormous pleasure from that and she was an expert in it and so I was on the verge of cumming and with a sudden jerk I cummed in her feet and little bit on her saree.

She was very much angry for spoiling her saree and she lifted me by pulling my hair and led me to the bathroom. There she removed her saree and made me wash it. Then she removed her blouse and petticoat and left it outside the bathroom.

Then she entered the bathroom where I was washing here saree and sat on the edge of bathtub and started watching me. I was very afraid of her now. She now removed her panty and pulled my hair and kept my head in-between her legs and she was rubbing my face on her pussy. Her pussy was clean shaven and was having a beautiful smell.

Now she was shouting at me to lick her pussy and I started to lick her pussy very well and she liked it so she was complementing me for that by saying "yes like that you motherfucker ahhhh yesss sssss aahhh"..... while licking she started to pee and made me drink some of her pee and I was drenched in her pee.

She removed my remaining cloth that is the t shirt and she asked me to lie inside the bathtub and I lied there. Then she also came in lied on me and started to kiss me everywhere. Then she started to smooch me and it was a wonderful one and was the best smooch till now for me.

Then she started to play with my cock and she inserted my cock in cowgirl style and started to hump me ... It was a wonderful feeling n she was humping me very well and I started to press and bite her boobs. She loved it and she was moaning very loudly and her humping made me also to moan.

After rigorous humping we both were nearing our climax and first I shot my load into her and followed by her and then we rested there in the bathtub for a while. That was an awesome first experience with her. The next part of how I tamed that bitch will be in the next part.