"Hey," Elijah said, coming up behind Dom in the kitchen while he was making a sandwich and humming "Strawberry Fields." Billy was out running errands, and while Elijah hadn't deliberately waited for Billy to be absent to attempt this particular conversation, he was sort of glad it had worked out that way. Dom was easily sidetracked, and Elijah wasn't sure he had the nerve to have the conversation with both of them at once. Dom turned just enough to let Elijah know he was listening, but didn't pause in either humming or sandwich-fashioning. "I wanted to ask you something." He could hear the slight diffidence in his own tone, and was sort of irritated by it, but if Dom heard it he didn't show it.

"What's that?" Dom asked, now slicing tomatoes with homicidal furor.

Elijah eyeballed the knife for a minute, pondering the possibility that Dom might cut off his own finger and have to be rushed to the emergency room, which would make this a rather bad time for this conversation. Then he dismissed the idea. Dom had never cut himself as far as Elijah knew, and he was really just trying to think of a reason not to embarrass the hell out of himself. "I wondered," he began, shifting uncomfortably, and then started over. "That is, do you remember when Billy hit you?"

Dom's knife stopped in mid-cut. For a moment, he was very still. Elijah could see the lines of his shoulder blades clearly beneath the skin of his back, partially concealed by the material of his grey wifebeater. Then Dom finished the cut, and pushed the slice of tomato to the side of the cutting board with several of its fellows. He lay the knife down, and turned to look at Elijah. "Which time?" he asked, lips curling into a smile. But his eyes were dark.

Elijah shrugged, feeling his face heat up. "The first time he fucked me," he said bluntly, though Dom's question rather lay his own to rest.

Dom nodded, eyes unblinking on Elijah's face. "Why do you ask?"

"I don't know," Elijah muttered, and Dom arched a doubtful brow. "A bunch of reasons, but I'm not sure I know how to say," Elijah admitted, and Dom nodded.

"You want a sandwich, Elwood?" he asked casually, but he was still looking at Elijah with deep eyes that made Elijah's belly tight and warm.

"No, thanks."

"Grab a couple of beers and come sit at the table with me while I eat?"

"Okay," Elijah agreed, quietly relieved that Dom seemed amenable to this particular conversation without any need for Elijah to lay out his reasons for wanting to have it. Dom could be a difficult prick, especially when he sensed the opportunity to tease the shit out of Elijah about something.

Of course, this was a different thing entirely, and Elijah knew it. Dom wouldn't tease him about this.

Elijah grabbed a couple of bottles of Dos Equis from the 'fridge and a couple of glasses from the cupboard, and joined Dom, who was already at the table with his monstrous sandwich. He poured the beer into the glasses; by the time he was done with that Dom had devoured around half the sandwich with giant bites and loud, disgusting chewing.

"You're gross," Elijah muttered, and shoved Dom's glass toward him across the tabletop.

Dom grinned, mouth half open and full of partially masticated sandwich. "I'm a guy," he pointed out around a mouthful of food.

"A disgusting guy," Elijah agreed. "Don't make me call your mom."

Dom snorted, half-choked on his mouthful of sandwich, and then drained half his glass of beer to wash it down. "Trust me, Elwood, you do not want me thinking of my mum while we have this conversation."

Elijah smirked, but privately agreed, so let the matter drop. For God's sake, he didn't want his thoughts anywhere near his own mom while simultaneously considering the possibility of masochism as a legitimate sexual outlet. "Are we having a conversation?" he asked instead, both a little pointedly and plaintively.

"About to," Dom said equably, still wolfing down his sandwich, but managing to speak clearly enough in spite of that. "I'm thinking."

"You're stuffing your face," Elijah pointed out, but he relaxed a little.

"Brain food," Dom informed him, quite muffled by the entire last fourth of the sandwich this time.

"I don't know how you can eat like that and stay so disgustingly skinny," Elijah said, which was ridiculous, of course. They all ate like horses, and none of them ever gained any weight.

"Kinky sex is a good exercise regime," Dom said, echoing what Elijah had been thinking. He swallowed the remainder of his mouthful and then downed the rest of his beer in several long swallows.

Elijah waited, more or less patiently this time.

Dom sat back in his chair, belched, and considered Elijah for a moment. "You want to know what I get out of it?" he asked finally, looking at Elijah with his face tipped slightly down, so his eyes were shadowed. "If I like it, or if I let him because he likes it."

"More or less," Elijah agreed a little croakily. That wasn't quite it; or it was, but it wasn't all of it, he supposed, but it was a good enough place to start.

"You've only seen him hit me the once, haven't you?" Dom said, sounding as if it surprised him a little. Then he nodded as though answering his own question. "Yeah. He's careful of you, you know?"

Elijah did know, more or less, so he nodded, but didn't say anything.

Dom scratched at his head, making his hair stand up in twisty little spikes in places. "Do you know the place that you get to," he said almost dreamily, and tilted his head to rest it on the back of his chair, his eyes going half-closed, "after a while, sometimes just a few minutes, sometimes longer. The place where you forget yourself, and you're just skin and nerve endings and cock?"

Dom's position stretched his neck in an oddly expressive fashion; the ritualistic offering of the throat, almost. "Yeah," Elijah said hoarsely, feeling his dick twitch within the confines of his jeans and sweat prickle at the back of his neck and underarms.

"Yeah," Dom agreed breathily, stretching his arms up and back and holding them above his head for a moment, wrists crossed, an unmistakable pantomime that sparked something hot into existence in Elijah's belly. "Yeah, you know." He sighed and slowly lowered his arms until they dangled loose on either side of the chair. "There are lots of ways to get there, Elijah," Dom said, his voice a deep purr, and Elijah watched, a little surprised to see Dom slipping into submission right in front of his eyes, without prodding or guidance of any kind. Just talking himself into it, maybe not very deep, but definitely more than Elijah'd seen Dom do before on his own. Dom regarded him from beneath his lashes, glittery but not with challenge. "It's different with pain, a different kind of thing, but… yeah, good. It can be good. And Billy's good at it." His lips curled a little, the faintest hint of something dark and knowing.

"It's not one or the other, though, is it," Elijah said, not a question but a statement, something he felt.

"Not often," Dom agreed, sliding down in his chair slightly, knees spread wide to frame the bulge in his jeans that Elijah had noticed, but was concentrating on not looking at for the moment. "Depends on the sub, on the circumstances, on a lot of things, really. And sometimes it's the same thing, really."

Elijah frowned a little, not in disagreement but more lack of understanding.

"Trust me," Dom sighed, and shifted a little, muscles moving in a shivering ripple for a moment, like he was almost feeling it when he said, "There will be times when that's what you want, I reckon. Just that. Just the burn and the bite of it on your skin."

"What about…?" Elijah began, but Dom waved a lazy hand to interrupt him.

"I can't tell you about that. I've never really wanted to hit anyone in my life. Not like that, anyway. You'll have to ask Billy if you want to know about the other side of it. This is what I know." He rested open palms on his chest and stroked downward, fingers splayed, to his thighs. "I know what it is to want to feel it, to have my skin itch for it, but not what it feels like to want to do it." He smiled, with teeth and sharp edges. "You already know more about that than I ever will."

It was, Elijah thought, a little bit freaky how borderline psychic Dom sometimes seemed when he went all needy and bristling. "You've topped me," he pointed out, more curious than challenging and Dom's lips quirked a little.

"With a lot of help," he agreed, but he didn't pretend not to understand what Elijah was getting at. He stood and circled around behind his own chair to cross to the refrigerator and grab another beer. He waggled the bottle at Elijah over the top of the door, and Elijah just nodded, though he still had maybe a quarter of a glass left. His mouth and throat felt awfully dry, and he figured if the conversation continued on much longer, he'd need another. Dom snagged another bottle and returned to the table, sliding it across the surface of the wood to slap into Elijah's waiting palm, before sinking back down into his chair. "Yeah, I occasionally want a little bit of control," he said, rolling one shoulder in a pseudo-shrug. He looked, Elijah thought, like it embarrassed him a little to admit it. "Not that often, and I'm not that good at it." He gave Elijah long look, taking a drink of beer directly from the bottle, not bothering with the glass this time. "I don't even want to be that good at it," he admitted, and gave another of those curious half-shrugs, the echo of what might have been embarrassment still lingering on his face. "I'm not like you; I don't really have a strong desire to be the one driving. When I do want it, it's usually because of something I want to be the cause of. Does that make sense?"

Elijah cocked his head and considered. "Sometimes you want to be the one to…" he paused, thinking aloud, really, and tried to figure out how to phrase what he wanted to say. "You want to cause the… unraveling?" It sounded odd, almost melodramatic, when he said it out loud, but if felt like the right word, nevertheless.

"Sometimes I want to be the one to cause your unraveling," Dom corrected, and his smile was wry, a little self-deprecating. "I see you, when Bills has you down deep, and you're so fucking…" Dom stopped, tipped his head to one side, then took a thoughtful swallow of beer. He shook his head. "Sometimes I want to be the one to do that to you, is all." He shrugged. "Seeing it done isn't always enough."

And that was something Elijah understood perfectly well. His cheeks were a bit warm with pleasure, and he grinned. Dom grinned back.

"But don't mistake that for being a dominant. I'm just not, and I'm not likely to ever be. I'm happy with what I am, satisfied. I sometimes want to be on top, yeah, but not because I don't want to be on the bottom. I just want that feeling, sometimes, that understanding that you are… open to me. And even then, Elijah, it's a comfort, for me, to know that Billy is there, and that he has me. Do you get that?"

"Yeah," Elijah agreed. "I get that." And he did. But he wasn't sure it actually answered his question.

Dom seemed to understand that, and was already nodding. "Pain just isn't one of those things, for me. It isn't one of the things I want to cause, not even understanding what I get from it when it's what I want. It's not that I don't want you to have it, if that's what you want." He smirked and arched one brow. "This is why I'm not a top often, or a very good one. Even if you wanted that from me, I wouldn't be able to give it to you. I'm not… generous enough to put aside what I want and put away how I feel, and give you what you need in that way."

That didn't feel exactly right to Elijah though; Dom was one of the most generous people Elijah knew. "I don't think that's true."

Again, Dom nodded. "In a lot of ways, it's not. I'm just saying, in this case it's true. I don't want to hit you. It makes me..." He hesitated, eyes going a little vague, clearly groping for the right words, the right phrase. "I don't know how to do it safely, and I don't want to know. I would be…" another hesitation, this time accompanies by that oddly shamefaced half-shrug. "I would be jealous… that's not quite the right word, but I can't think…" He stopped and took a swallow of his beer. His gaze was frank but a little puzzled. "When I do top you, that's what I want, you know? Want to have you like that, feel you all soft and bare. But if I were to try to push it further, if it went beyond just a bit of a rough fuck, I'd be… it wouldn't be… I'd be wishing I was you, or wishing I was in your position, and that would make it… all wrong."

"Okay," Elijah said, "yeah, that makes sense." But Dom was shifting anxiously, now, and the slow burn of impending submission had slid out of his face. Elijah briefly considered trying to get it back. He could, he thought. But then he decided not to. Doing that now would feel too much like manipulation, and not the good kind of manipulation that the three of them indulged in rather frequently. So he didn't do anything, instead sitting silently across from Dom -- available, if Dom needed something from him, but unwilling to push -- and sipped at his second beer.

After a minute or two, Dom tilted his chin up and grinned at him. "So, why now? Why all the questions about this now?" It was an easy question, coming from Dom. It was actually more the kind of question that Billy was apt to ask, blunt and bare and very plain, whereas Dom was more inclined to imply and tease and smirk.

Elijah was pretty sure Dom was trying to put him at ease. He frowned a little, and took a swallow of his beer to give himself a second to think about how he wanted to answer the question.

"I've been thinking about it," he said finally, and glanced up to look at Dom briefly. "Since I saw him hit you, because of the way that… the way it made me feel." Dom nodded, but Elijah was staring at his beer bottle; he could only see it as motion out of the corner of his eye. "And I'm still not exactly sure how… I mean. I'm sure of how it makes me feel, but I can't tell if it's because I want to do… that, or because…" He could feel himself flushing, which was stupid, but he couldn't help.

"Because you want it done to you," Dom finished for him, and when Elijah looked up to see if Dom was making fun of him, he wasn't. Of course. He looked sympathetic. "The first time, for me, freaked me right the bloody hell out," he said, twirling his bottle between his angular hands. "I didn't rightly know what to think. Even with what we do." He stopped and looked up to catch Elijah's gaze. "Even with what we do the rest of the time, it's a big deal. And it's not something everyone gets, or wants. Might not be something you end up liking. Might scare you." He nodded once, solemnly. "More than the good scared, I mean," he added with a small smile, which Elijah returned because he knew all about the good scared. "Don't know, Elijah. Could be one, could be the other. Could be both. Might ought to just… wait and see a while?"

"That's what I thought, too, but it's…" Elijah stopped, frustrated. He didn't know how to say what it was doing.

"Itching at you," Dom said knowingly, and yeah, that was exactly it.

"Yeah," he agreed softly. "Itching at me." Driving him a little crazy, making him think about doing things to provoke Billy even though he wasn't sure he wanted that, just so that he'd know.

"Tell Billy," Dom said simply.

Elijah could feel himself blushing.

For a minute or so, neither of them said anything.

"Okay," Dom said finally, and stood up. He came around the table and hunkered down next to Elijah's chair and caught Elijah's chin gently, turning so that they were face to face. "What about this; I'll see if Billy's up for thrashing me. Let you have a real good look at it. I won't tell him why if you don't want me to. But when you're ready to talk about it again, after this, talk to Billy. Okay?"

"Do you… I mean. I don't want you to do it just for me. That would be…"

Dom smirked faintly. "Don't you get it, Elwood? I get off on doing things just for you." It might've been funny, but that look was swimming in Dom's eyes again, dark and intent. "You don't think I'll get off on knowing you're watching that, that you want to see it, maybe want to do it to me?" His tongue peeped out and swept briefly across his lower lip. "Don't pretend you don't know how that affects me."

"Okay," Elijah agreed a little hoarsely, aware that his dick was firming up again inside his Levis. "I won't pretend I don't know."

Dom nodded, and leaned in to kiss Elijah briefly, warm brush of slightly damp lips.

"I'll ask when he gets back." He stood up and took a step back. "I'm going to grab a shower."