Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi 001
bybangopee(C)
EPISODE.NO.001 AMBA VIRANI'S BIRTHDAY

-------------------------------------

What a memorable day at "SHANTINIKETAN"!

As Mihir strolled inside the room, Amba Virani, his grand mother was standing in front of the mirror revealing her back to him. 'She still looks hot at 62', Mihir told himself with a secret smile. She was apparently not looking perturbed by any means although she was putting on her blouse hooks. After all, he was her grandson and there was no reason she must react differently even though he had not bothered to knock the door as he came in.

"Many more happy returns of the day," Mihir said. He reached right behind Amba and hugged her from behind. 

"Oh Mihir," Amba's eyes moistened at once. "I never imagined you would remember my birthday."

"You are a wonderful grandmother," Mihir said as he tightened his grip on her waist. He greedily pulled her body towards his crotch and gently kissed on the back of her neck.

"Hmm," Amba whimpered. "But that doesn't give you the liberty to tease your grandma like the way you are doing right now. Take off your hands before your grandpa comes around."

"Does he know that it is your birthday today?" Mihir asked after relieving his grandma from his grip.

"He always does," Amba turned around and replied with a smile. "He was the first person to wish me today. He woke me up and wished me with a warm kiss."

Amba blushed like a girl after narrating her early morning romantic piece with her husband. She always felt pride about her husband who still was agile and romantic when presented with an opportunity. Even though the old couples were on the wrong side of 60, they never seemed to be missing their intimate moments even after four decades of marriage. 

"I think you are thinking about grandpa," Mihir spoke after he watched the glow in his grandma's eyes.

"Very much," Amba replied with another smile. "There is hardly anytime I don't think of him."

"But, he is deeply engrossed with the newspaper at the moment," Mihir said in a teasing tone. "If I were him, I would be flipping your clothes rather than the pages in the newspaper."

"That's because you are very much like him in many ways," Amba said as she began looking at her grandson from head to foot. "You don't know how much you resemble your grandfather."

Mihir was not keen to hold back any longer. He turned Amba around to face him and gently let her back lean against the wall. He did not want to hold her roughly although she was still under a tight leash even as he held her with moderate strength. 

Amba's smiles began to fade as Mihir closed in letting the bulge in his pant prick on her waist. The noble grandma closed her eyes for a while and when she eventually reopened, she could not resist her temptation to look down. Her ageing body experienced a mild shiver as she could imagine how aroused Mihir was, if his huge bulge was any indication.

"Is this the way you make your grandma happy on her birthday?" she asked weakly.

Mihir stopped for a brief moment before he leaned towards her. Amba's eyes closed yet again, as his warm mouth planted a firm kiss on her wrinkled lips.

'Mihir, Amba murmured after his lips parted. "You are educated. Do I need to tell you that whatever you are trying to do is wrong? Think about our family traditions and cultures. Don't get carried away by your youthful emotions." 

"I have been educated to take care of the family business," Mihir replied with a smirk. "I will do it once I get it. For now, I want to take you over."

Mihir's hands restlessly began straying on her chest, caressing her sagging breasts all the time. His fingers kept exploring her clothes in search of her nipples. Amba knew that he was growing enormously between her thighs and she needed to stop him before he goes out of bounds.

"For God's sake leave me," Amba gathered the strength to push off his hands from her breasts. "I want you to leave this room at once."

Mihir looked thoroughly disappointed at his grandma's defiance. He had presumed that it would be just another cake walk for him to seduce the old woman whom he thought might be starved of sex at the fag end of her life. However, it was not to be. He knew that although she looked tentative, there was some determination in her eyes that stopped him from making any further moves. Moreover, it was her birthday and he was not keen in forcing her any more.

"Ok," Mihir murmured and began walking away from her. 

Amba kept looking at her handsome young grandson dragging his feet out of the room. She knew that she has disappointed him but there was not any way she could oblige. Being the first woman of the Virani family, she knew that she always had to tread quite carefully in whatever she did. She was not daring enough to break the conventions of the family that was a blend of mutual trust and sexual sanctity. 

Mihir had almost regained his senses as he left Amba's room. He recollected his grandma's face turning red in anger before he eventually relieved her from his lusty grip. He suddenly began fearing that Amba might tell his parents about whatever had transpired in her room. 

Mihir's father Mansukh Virani happened to be the eldest son in the Virani clan. Although he did his part in looking after the family business, he often found himself in tight situations mainly because of his unscrupulous investments in the share market. He clearly lacked common sense although he was 47. Savita, his mother was a more dynamic woman in comparison to his father. She left no stone unturned being the eldest daughter-in-law of the Virani family, more often than not for her selfish motives. She was beautiful and gentle which never gave any clue about how shrewd and selfish she was. Mihir had realized long back that his mother was perhaps the most cunning, manipulative and self-centered woman he had ever come across. 

Mihir struggled hard to look normal to the best of his abilities because he knew that Savita was too clever to discover even the slightest change in anyone's behavior. Nevertheless, after a while, he had to realize that he had apparently overdone a bit. 

"Son, you seem to be trying to hide something from me," Savita spoke as she came close to him with what he knew was a very wicked smile. 

"What do you mean mom?" Mihir questioned without any conviction. 

"See, you are not looking at me while speaking," Savita said as her fingers began stroking his hair gently. "I don't think you should ever hide things from your mother, more so if it is causing you any disturbance."

Savita was right. Mihir realized that he needed to confide his feelings to someone who would not disclose his delicate problems to anyone. Being a mother, Savita would not dare to speak out although he knew that he was about to give her a shock of her life.

"Still don't think like telling me?" Savita asked as she stopped stroking her fingers on his hair.

"Please sit down," Mihir murmured. Savita immediately sat next to him on the couch. 

"I have something to confess," Mihir began and Savita's eyes widened as she listened to what she heard from him. Although enraged by her son's revelations but she could not help feeling somewhat funny about the whole thing. It was a bit hard for her to believe that a young man like Mihir would crave for a woman like Amba, who incidentally is his grandmother as well.

"What have you done my son?" Savita sounded quite firm. "You nearly brought absolute disgrace to the whole Virani family."

"Forgive me," Mihir whimpered. "I swear I will never try doing such things again."

"It is good that you repent," Savita gave a gentle pat on her son's shoulders. "But, you do deserve some punishment for whatever you did."

"Mom!" Mihir's voice was beginning to break.

"Remove your tie," Savita instructed coldly. 

Mihir was obviously intrigues with her peculiar instruction. However, he knew that he had to obey his mother any way. He quietly loosened his tie and pulled it off. 

"Stand up," Savita told him. "Stand up and turn around."

Mihir stood up and stood showing his back to his mother. Savita grabbed and pulled his hands behind him and began winding the tie around both his wrists. Mihir could not understand what his mother was about to do. He kept mum although Savita was using all her strength to tie his hands really tight and hard.

"Are you going to spank me mom?" Mihir turned around and asked once Savita was through.

"Not really," Savita said with a cheeky smile. "Something more severe than that."

"I am anxious mom," Mihir confessed. "Tell me what you are up to."

"You need not be," Savita replied. "I just want to ensure that you don't repeat such things in the future." 

Mihir watched curiously, as Savita dropped to the floor on her knees. She looked up and flashed a smile at her son before her hands pulled down his zip within no time.

"Mom?"

She was not answering him. As soon as she had rolled down his pants to his ankles, she hurriedly pulled down his brief as well. She gazed at his hard dick getting erect from his groin. Indeed, it was long and very thick. Her hands eagerly gripped the whole of his shaft and began massaging all around.

"I hope you do know what the punishment is all about," Savita smiled at her son. 

Mihir was so amazed to see his mother holding his dick that he could not reply to her. Knowing his embarrassment, Savita took his dick to her mouth and swallowed it just in one gulp. 

"Oh mom!"

Savita looked up and smiled to herself knowing that his moan was the right indication of his sudden excitement. She began using her lips and tongue all around his meat letting the warmth of her mouth settle on his sensitive thick sin on the dick. Mihir felt his balls swelling and his shaft getting tense as Savita went about sucking his dick like a true professional. He humped up and down on his heels as Salvia's tongue relentlessly lashed against the whole of his dick until he felt like closing to an explosion. Savita sucked her way back to the tip after a while and slowly let it slide from her mouth. 

"This is far better than getting inside a very old woman," Savita said mockingly.

"I bet it is," Mihir admitted. He had been throwing back his head in the air. His arms were feeling strained behind. 

"Should I continue?" Savita asked.

"Please," Mihir pleaded with her. 

He watched Savita taking his dick inside her mouth all over again. She had realized that there was not any need for her to be gentle with his dick anymore as he was already enjoying the blowjob. She began showing her true prowess as she went about sucking his dick as if there would not be any tomorrow. Maher's moans became louder and louder as he watched his mother giving his dick, the much needed treatment. Savita realized that he was about to shoot off soon and kept sucking without loosing her momentum. After a while, she looked up and watched him settling down.

"I guess you feel more excited watching me working," Savita said with a smirk.

"Oh yes," Mihir screamed. "I never imagined that you must be so good." 

Savita was apparently pleased with her son's compliments as she resumed on his dick and began working deliriously until he eventually closed towards his explosion.

"I am going to shoot," Mihir murmured. His body trembled in excitement.

Savita devoured his dick deep inside her throat. Mihir watched his mother swallow his semen as he exploded inside her mouth, load after load. Her hands were slowing down and so was her mouth. She did not spare even the last drop of his cum as she hungrily gulped everything she could. 

"Thanks mom," Mihir said as he gasped for breath. "Set me free now at least." 

Savita stood up and began wiping her mouth. 

"Remember my son," she said in a very firm voice. "I have just relieved you from your tension. This is a little secret between both of us. I want you not to expect anything more from me. Is that clear?"

"I agree," Mihir had to agree. "Now let me go."

Savita quickly freed his arms. Mihir glanced at his wrists, which had a few impressions of the tight tie. 

"Did I hurt you?" Savita sounded concerned.

"Of course not," Mihir replied smilingly. "That was a wonderful blowjob. But, I am not content anyway."

Mihir pounced on Savita pushing her onto the couch. His hands cupped her breasts and began kneading them. 

"Stop this Mihir," Savita screamed. "We have an agreement. If you do anything silly, I will never relieve you again."

Mihir realized that she was serious. He slowly removed his hands off her breasts and got on his feet. Savita watched as he began pulling up his brief and pants without saying anything. She began setting her dress right and stood up from the couch.

"Try to understand," Savita placed her hands on his hair and said. "Only blowjob and nothing more."

"Savita!"

Both Savita and Mihir looked tentative hearing to Govardhan Virani who was calling her.

"Your grandpa is calling," Savita said as she began to walk. "Don't forget. This is our little secret."

At 65 years, Govardhan Virani still remained the king of the Virani family. Blessed with wealth and virtues, he epitomizes the values of a generation that never jumps the lanes. He remained honest to the core irrespective of temptations from the earthly world.

Moments after Savita had left his room, Mihir was still sitting recollecting the little erotic encounters he had with his grandma and mother. He felt immensely relieved to hear roars of laughter coming from downstairs. He had feared that Amba might be making a complaint about his deeds to the rest of the family members. He heaved a sigh of relief as he knew that the laughter meant that everything is very much normal in the house. He took a few more minutes to relax himself before he eventually went downstairs. His eyes lowered as he saw Amba sitting next to his grandfather in the sitting room. Through the corner of his eyes, he observed that she was smiling as though nothing had happened on that day.

The sitting room looked like a crowded railway platform. Apart from Mihir's parents, he saw both his paternal uncles sitting with their wives. In addition, he also saw his only aunt Pragna joining the conversation.

"Come on Mihir," Grandpa Govardhan called him. "I hope you do know that today is your grandma's birthday?"

Mihir glanced at his grandmother who struggled hard concealing her smile. 

"He was the third person to wish me today," Amba said. Mihir looked up and watched the plain expression on his grandma's face. He felt better as he knew that she had apparently ignored his sexual advances earlier in the day.

"I see," Govardhan sounded a bit surprised. "I was the first to wish you. Who was the second?"

"Tulsi," Amba quipped. 

Tulsi, daughter of the family priest has always remained close to Amba. 

Govardhan glanced at Mansukh, Himmat and Jamnadas, his three sons who looked thoroughly embarrassed. None of them ever knew that it was their mother's birthday. Aunt Pragna's face was not looking any brighter either. Surely, the atmosphere in the room was getting tense.

Savita, Daksha and Gayatri, the three daughter-in-laws of the Viranis simply looked pale. Eventually, it was Savita, the eldest of the three daughter-in-laws to try and bring some cheer in their conversation again.

"Let's all celebrate mom's birthday," She said. "Where's the party tonight?"

"No way!" Amba intervened. "You do know we hate going out partying. Our generation is not comfortable about all these things."

"Doesn't matter," Daksha, the second daughter-in-law yelled out. "Let's go to some movie."

Daksha had always remained a woman crazy about watching movies. Himmat, her husband knew that her suggestion was very much ill placed but could not do anything about it.

"What if we order some food from outside?" Gayatri, the third daughter-in-law made another horrible suggestion.

"My dear children," Govardhan addressed everybody in the room. "We don't have any objection if you want to have a bash today. However, we are old. We are comfortable being at home. You can go and enjoy the evening as you please."

Within minutes, the entire sitting room looked almost deserted as the sons and daughter-in-laws retreated to their respective rooms. Govardhan and Amba were the first to leave, prompting their sons to ponder about the evening celebrations. Mihir was about to leave as well but he felt a bit sad seeing Aunt Pragna sitting alone. He knew that she always had remained the odd person out in the family when it came to celebrations. Although, her three brothers were not averse to her company, they knew that she was not getting along with their wives. 

"Aunt Pragna," Mihir gently placed his hand on her shoulders. Pragna turned around and her eyes were glistened with tears.

"What happened?" Mihir asked.

"I know they are all going to enjoy," Pragna began to sob. "I will be left alone at home."

Mihir felt very sad for her. She was right. There is no way she can accompany anybody who ventured out from the house. Although she was mostly responsible for such a stressed relationship, he knew that it was not the appropriate time to make any mention about it.

"You are not going to be alone," Mihir said. "I am not going anywhere. Why don't you spend the evening with me?"

"Are you serious Mihir?" Aunt Pragna stood up in surprise.

"Very much," Mihir said as he pulled out his hanky and began wiping off her tears. 

"What are we going to do?" Aunt Pragna queried.

"Anything which interests you," Mihir replied and gave a gentle peg on his aunt's cheeks.

"I can't wait till the evening," Aunt Pragna said with a little smile surfacing on her face.

"I can't either," Mihir said before turning around and walking towards his room. He had a plan to execute. The day had started with a gentle boob pressing experience with his grand mother and the next thing to happen was the memorable blowjob from his mother. He wanted to end the day with a good note by slaying Aunt Pragna on the bed.

Aunt Pragna's life has been in trouble more so after Uncle Navin almost ran into bankruptcy. Her visits became more frequent as every time she expected her parents to come to her family's rescue from the mess created by her husband. She was indeed a compassionate and lovable woman and that was one reason why Mihir had eyed her for a sexual encounter sometime. 

The entire house looked like haunted in the evening as the Virani sons and daughter-in-laws have moved out without disclosing where they were going to. It was Mihir and Aunt Pragna who gave company to Govardhan and Amba at the dining table during dinner. The old couples slowly moved into their room leaving their lonely daughter and horny grandson at each other's mercy.

"Aunt Pragna," Mihir called her. "I hope you haven't forgotten what we discussed in the morning."

"Of course not," Pragna said with a smile. "But it is too late to do anything I presume."

'Right time to do what I want' Mihir thought and smiled.

"We aren't going anywhere," Mihir said. "I just want you to come to my room and have a nice time."

"I hope you aren't planning to show me any of those boring movie videos," Pragna said laughingly. 

"Not really," Mihir said and held her hand before walking towards his room. Pragna somehow started realizing the difference in the way her nephew was behaving with her. However, she presumed the young man was just trying to give her some genuine support.

His smile didn't look as innocent as she had known. There was a twinkle in his eyes and his grip on her wrist was more than that of mere sympathy. 

"You look so different today," Pragna said as they entered Mihir's luxurious room. 

"Are you surprised?" Mihir asked as he quietly closed the door and latched it up. 

"A little," Pragna admitted with a smile. She wanted to know why he had closed the door but didn't. 

After what had been a wonderful session of exciting love making, Mihir fell asleep. Pragna had returned to her room with more than one excitement. Although she felt glad after great sex in so many years, she was thrilled about the prospects of Mihir seducing her sister-in-laws in the days to come. She knew that she would sleep in peace. 

None of the souls in 'Shantiniketan' had any clue about where the Virani brothers had gone. Govardhan and Amba presumed that their sons and daughter-in-laws might be partying in some posh hotel. They were terribly wrong. Mansukh, Himmat and JD had no plans in their minds after they left home in the evening. They simply wanted to recreate themselves after the embarrassment caused after they failed to remember their mother's birthday. 

Mansukh was apparently upset with Mihir for not having reminded about Amba's birthday. However, Savita was not complaining as she was glad that her son was one among the three who remembered the importance of the day. 

"Where are we going?" Savita asked as it appeared as if her husband was driving without any specific purpose. 

"I don't know," Mansukh replied with a wry smile. "Why don't you suggest some place?"

"Why don't we do something different?" Savita queried. "I am fed up with whatever we have been doing to kill time. Our life is becoming a bit monotonous."

"You are right," Mansukh admitted. "I will take you to a new place. I bet you will love it."

"Where?" Savita asked curiously.

"I want you to see for yourself," Mansukh said with a smile. "It is going to be very special. It will be fun because even I haven't gone there even once."

It took another hour before their car stopped before a secluded bungalow in the outskirts of the city. Mansukh called someone on his mobile and within minutes, the huge iron gates opened. The car moved crawled through the narrow road, which had trees on either side. It was well past sunset but surprisingly the house looked like a haunted house in semi darkness.

"I am scared," Savita hushed. She somehow began to feel that there was something odd about the house and its surroundings. She was puzzled to see a whole lot of cars parked at the extreme end of the vast lawns. 

"You have to listen to me today," Mansukh told her as they emerged out of the car. Savita was further surprised as she watched her husband handing over the car keys to a man in the uniform. The man immediately started writing down their car number with a fluorescent pen in a small card.

"He will take care of the parking," Mansukh clarified. Savita wasn't entirely convinced about anything. 

There were plenty of surprises in store as they entered the house, which had just enough light to let people walk around. Almost everyone was holding a glass of drinks and they have all come in couples. 

"I am getting restless," Savita pulled Mansukh close to her and whispered. "Tell me what is going on here."

Mansukh picked up a couple of glasses of fine whisky from the bearer and handed over one to Savita.

"You want me to drink?" Savita was almost shocked.

"I told you before," Mansukh reminded her. "You need to listen to whatever I say."

"But I can't drink," Savita snarled at him. "You know I hate the smell of alcohol."

"No harm," Mansukh drank both the glasses one after another showing his inexperience. They managed to find enough place in a corner of the house to sit and talk freely.

"I can't hold any more," Savita shook him by his shoulders. "Tell me where are we."

"This is the oldest swinger club in the city," Mansukh said in a low voice. "Have you any idea about what swinging is all about?"

"No, I don't," Savita sounded thoroughly confused. "What does that mean?"

"Let me explain," Mansukh said placing his hands on her shoulders. "In another 10 minutes, you are going to hear a bell. You need to go to our car and wait inside immediately after the bell."

"What about you?" Savita queried.

"Listen to me first," Mansukh tried to compose her. "Once all the ladies leave the house and settle in their cars, all the men need to pick up one key from that bowl." 

Mansukh pointed his fingers to a large bowl kept on a small table in the well of the room.

"What is inside that bowl?" Savita was becoming curious.

"Car keys," Mansukh said with a smile. "Everybody's car keys are gathered and put inside that bowl."

"I don't understand," Savita sounded tentative again. "You were telling me that all the men have to pick a key from that bowl. What is that?"

Mansukh knew that he had to explain her better.

"Listen to me carefully," Mansukh began explaining patiently. "Can you see that tall man standing there?"

Savita turned around and started searching.

"I can see some tall man but not his face," Savita replied. "It is dark out here."

"That's it," Mansukh felt somewhat relieved to know that his wife was able to spot the tall man at least. "Let us assume that the tall man lays hands on our car key. Then, he will go to our car."

"What?" Savita almost screamed. "But, I will be alone in the car."

"Not after he arrives," Mansukh said laughingly. "He will give you a nice company and more than that."

"What do you mean?" Savita murmured in disbelief.

"You do know what I mean," Mansukh smiled again. "He will be your man and you are going to be his woman for another couple of hours."

"Oh God!" Savita sounded shell-shocked.

"Be sportive Savita," Mansukh suggested. "You wanted something different today. This is something which you will love doing. Go ahead and enjoy yourself. Perhaps, I might be the oldest man here tonight. I hope that some smart looking youngster picks you up tonight. You will have a wonderful time with him."

Savita wasn't agreeing to this indecent proposal at once. She began with refusing vehemently. She started talking about the pride of the Virani family. She even threatened about their marriage getting into shatters if they indulged in sex with others. She tried to reason with him by reminding that she was a mother to a grown up son. However, Mansukh was brushing away everything with a wicked smile that kept flashing all through. 

"You have plenty of excuses not to do this," He said in a determined tone. "I have just the one reason to try this. Let's have some fun and bring some cheers in our lives. Go ahead."

Savita realized that her husband could be so stubborn if he wished to be so. She presumed that Mansukh was more inclined into having sex with another woman than giving her the freedom to let another man have sex with her. She knew that their marriage might not be in any real danger as her husband is thrusting the adventure on her. 

'What is happening to my life?' Savita began wondering. 'I had to give my son a blowjob in the morning. Now, it looks very much likely that I am going to get screwed by a man I have never seen before.'

All of a sudden, everybody in the room went silent after they heard a loud buzzing sound. 

"Rush to our car Savita," Mansukh almost began pushing his wife from the place. "Good luck."

Savita didn't have any other choice as she moved out of the room mingling with the other women who cleverly used the loose ends of their saris to cover their faces. As Sarita came out of the house, she saw the man who had collected their car key standing in the patio, guiding all the women by showing the place where their cars were. Savita enquired about her car and as she started walking towards it, her heart was beating hard and fast like never before. 

She was about to experience her sex with another man than her husband, for the first time ever in her life. 

As she walked past the cars, she observed that the rear doors of all the cars were open. She luckily found her car quickly and heaved in excitement and anxiety after she got inside. She began praying that she must get some good looking and strong young man in her first adventure outside marriage.

"May I come in?" 

Savita looked up and was shocked to see the man who stood near the door. It was JD, Mansukh's younger brother. Concealing her shock she let him in by inching farther on the seat.

"I didn't expect this," JD said. "I was shocked to see the car number the moment I picked it up. How long have you been coming here?"

"This is the worst shock of my life," Savita murmured. "This is our first visit to this place and I never expected this either."

After a few minutes of silence, JD was beginning to get out of the car before Savita stopped him.

"Where are you going?" She asked.

"I can't," JD said shaking his head in dismay. "You are my elder brother's wife. In our tradition, brother's wives are like mothers. I don't want to be with you in this place even for another minute."

"Wait," Savita gripped his left wrist to stop him. "Listen to me before you go."

JD sat quietly expecting her to speak whatever she wanted to.

"I presume someone else might come here if you leave this car," Savita said. "I wouldn't prefer that anyway. It is better to have some fun with a person you know than a stranger."

"What do you mean?" JD asked, unable to believe what he had heard.

"I mean this," Savita said and pulled off the top end of her sari. JD's eyes began to swell as he watched her inching towards him. Her lips stopped just an inch from his face while her hands rested and began massaging his shoulders.

"I have heard many men often dream about having sex with their brother's wife," Savita whispered into his ear. JD's eyes closed as she continued gripping his shoulders. Unable to contain his excitement, he let out a soft moan escape his lips prompting Savita to grip him even harder. Within no time, his cock began throbbing inside his pants.

"Would you like to see my breasts?" Savita asked sexily. 

Savita skillfully stripped her sari and began unclasping her blouse hooks. She took just the split second to snap off her bra after which she shrugged letting it slip through her shoulders. JD's eyes widened as he watched her globes come into view. 

"You are indeed very beautiful," JD whispered. His eyes eagerly gazed her breasts crowned with perky stiffened nipples. Her waist was just good while her stomach looked flat and smooth. 

Gauging the intensity in his eyes, Savita went about taking off her undergarments within no time. JD's gaze settled between her long legs, on her splendid public hair. He got an eyeful of her pouting labia protrude from between the neat curls. After straying up and down her naked body his eyes eventually returned onto her chest enjoying the sight of her voluptuous breasts. 

"Feel them JD," Savita persuaded him. 

JD wasn't willing to wait any further. His hands reached out and started stroking the exquisite smoothness of her marvelous breasts. He watched her closing her eyes and biting her lips as he kept feeling her wonder globes. He kept stroking down the slope, cupping them underneath and giving them gentle squeezes. He playfully jiggled them while feeling their size as his gentle squeezes began getting a bit harder. 

Savita cried out in pleasure as JD kept squeezing her breasts and tweaking her nipples mercilessly. Her eyes remained closed while she kept moaning gently. JD was getting increasingly excited to know that his brother's wife could be such a horny woman. Encouraged by her erotic moans, he kept manipulating her breasts and nipples making her growl more intensely. He began wondering if Savita might be cumming from just having her breasts teased. While her moans became louder, her body trembled. 

"I wonder if Mansukh ever plays with your breasts," JD remarked after a while. 

"He always does," Savita said and planted a kiss on his forehead. "But, his younger brother isn't bad either."

Savita looked down at his throbbing erection, which looked like threatening to pierce its way out of his pants.

"Show me your tool," Savita said and cupped his huge bulge on the pants. The thought of seeing his huge prick for the first time excited her.

"Here it comes," JD took virtually no time in getting rid of his clothes. The moment she got a look at the thick, longish monster, Savita nearly fainted. No doubt, it was the biggest thing that she had ever seen. She heaved in thorough expectation thinking about how JD might feel sliding into her waiting pussy.

Savita looked steadily at him, and slowly gripped his huge meat with one hand. Taking it into her mouth, she began to run her lips up and down it. JD's hands strayed all over her body looking for her flesh as she gave him a wonderful blowjob on the backseat of the car. Savita moaned on his dick as his fingers clutched her nipples and tweaked them. She was amazingly quick and hard on his dick, showing her thorough expertise in sucking. JD closed his eyes enjoying the feel of her warm mouth wrapping his dick and remained in the same position until his hot salty spunk began shooting into her mouth. Unperturbed by his excitement, she swallowed everything she could muster and looked at JD with a big proud smile flashing on her face. 

Savita sat up and said "I can't help feeling jealous about Gayatri. You have an amazing dick." 

JD promptly replied, "I have never felt jealous about Mansukh till now. But, after seeing your capabilities, I wish you were my wife." 

"Don't worry," Savita said with a mischievous smile. "Your brother will never come to know that you were my partner tonight. If you wish, he will never know whatever we might do at home as well."

"Great!" JD exclaimed. "You will have two husbands and I will have two wives."

"That's right," Savita pulled his hands towards her chest and said, "We need not come here anymore. Shantiniketan is big enough for both of us. There is no need for us to put the Virani family's pride at stake." 

JD passionately looked at Savita, the woman whom he used to look upon with respect and regard until not very long back. Now, she was suggesting to him something he had never dreamed. 

"Yes" he said "You are right."

Savita leaned forward, took his face in her hands and kissed him fully on the lips. Her tongue made its way into his mouth, indicating that she was horny as hell. She desperately wanted JD impaling her with his stiff huge dick.

JD reached out to her breasts yet again and squeezed them hard. 

"I love this when you do," Savita said. 

JD let his left hand trail downwards until it reached to her womanhood. Savita's body humped on the seat as he began teasing her pussy lips with his fingers. Savita began moaning all over again feeling his hand running up and down her crotch. They seemed like kissing and stroking each other infinitely before they suddenly slipped back on the seat. JD was unrelenting on her crotch as he ran the tips of his fingers deliriously on her crotch. A smile flashed on his face after he felt a tingle of moisture after having stroked a horny woman's warm pussy. Savita flexed herself opening her thighs a little giving him complete access to her pussy enabling JD to slip his fingers deep inside her. He felt her warmth and plenty of moisture in her yielding pussy. Savita heaved in pleasure as his experienced fingers perfectly reached to hit the right spot. Her thighs closed to trap his hand in between. JD wasn't stopping as he wiggled his finger furiously inside her making her let out deep moans. 

Savita asked "You don't like kissing there?"

JD smiled before leaning forward and kissing her pussy lips. The mild aroma and the terrific warmth took him by surprise as his tongue began licking her crack. Savita groaned as moments ticked past because she could feel his tongue probing between her lips. JD's hands firmly gripped her waist as his tongue sank deeper into her while pulling her crotch forcefully against his hungry lapping tongue. Savita shivered in joy running her hands through his hair as his tongue explored her inner pussy. The more she was getting excited the harder was she grabbing his hair thrashing her pubis against his face. Finally, she exploded letting out a loud squeal after which her hands relieved JD.

JD pulled away and looked up at her with a grin on his soaking face.

"You are very tasty," JD said with a smile. He located a pack of condoms from his jerkins, snapped off the wrapper and skillfully put it on his wonder dick. 

"Fuck me now," Savita ordered. She mounted on the seat and stood in a position enabling him to enter from the back. JD couldn't resist the temptation to give a couple of smacks on her reddish ass cheeks before he decided to have a go at her pussy. As he positioned behind her, Savita guided the head of his dick in between her pussy lips. 

JD felt being at the top of the world as he began to move easily in and out of her. His hands gripped her waist as he moved back and forth while Savita started bucking back against him.

"Fuck me," Savita kept murmuring. "Fuck me with that big dick of yours."

Savita closed her eyes and enjoyed the feel of JD's huge dick penetrating inside her moist pussy. She bit her lips in joy as JD got quicker and quicker as seconds ticked past. As JD went about pounding her pussy, she almost felt every vein and ridge on his dick, which went on a rampage. JD's hands took her wonder tits to resume another squeezing session. JD's dick was pulsating in her cunt as he kept banging her harder and faster. She kept writhing back against him thrusting her body against his waist all through.

"Oh dear JD," Savita squealed in absolute joy as they fucked in frenzy. Experienced in sex, they knew the impending climax more so after their bodies mashed against each other like never before. JD began growling after a while as if to indicate that he was about to shoot anytime. Savita's body quivered as she felt JD shooting consecutive loads into the condom. She wasn't lagging behind, as she knew that the terrific tingles in her pussy were enough indications to her approaching her orgasm. 

Savita squirmed and screamed, "I am Cumming." 

The noise of their naked bodies slapping against each other slowed down before coming to a grinding halt. Their bodies went rigid before their nerves tied into knots inside their bodies. They eventually collapsed. JD was pressing hard against her back. She trembled yet again as his spent dick slipped out of her sopping pussy. 

After a while, they managed to restore their normal breathing. After a brief passionate kissing session, they remained hugging for a few minutes.

"We need to get dressed up," JD reminded her as he began picking up the clothes. 

"JD," Savita planted another kiss on his forehead. "Thank you for making me happy."

JD smiled in reply and got into his pants. Savita took his clue and began dressing herself in quick time. 

"Savita," JD said just before he was about to get out of the car. "Don't tell Mansukh that it was me in the car today."

"I won't," Savita said with a naughty smile. "I want to keep this a secret so that we can try this out more often at home."

"That's better," JD gave a gentle peck on her cheeks before disappearing into the darkness. 

'Thank you Mansukh,' she told herself. 'You were absolutely right. This is very different.' 

She had come to the front seat immediately after JD had left. Savita decided to thank her husband once he returns. She had to wait for a few more minutes before he emerged from another dark corner of the compound. 