Title: ORF VIII: The End of ORF
Author: bobwhite
Summary: The final chapter of ORF tells of the demise of the
organization.
Keywords: MF+ mc

ORF Chapter VIII: The End of ORF by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Mr. Green was impressed with my quick success. His visit was very
brief, something about getting back to Germany, but he was proud of
me. "Now that we have your abilities coming to fruition," he said
glowingly, "you are much more useful. I want you to delete at least
three more women, and try combining your reality bending abilities
with the deletion methods. Call me when you have any successes." At
that point, he handed me what looked like a business card... and,
oddly enough, it wasn't charged or enchanted. It was just a card with
a phone number on it. An American phone number, I realized later, when
he was gone.

I was working on how to combine my now-developed powers, when it
dawned on me: Jenny's report had stated that the kids and husband had
invented realities that didn't include the woman I stole. Jenny
thought it was strange, but I wasn't paying close attention, because I
actually felt a little guilty for taking a lovely woman from her life
and making her mine forever. And that's when something strange
happened... the pain in my head completely stopped. I hadn't noticed
it was there, but I could tell it was gone now. I knew instantly that
I had been altered somehow--this is how norms feel when we release
them from deep control. I decided to do something I thought I'd never
have to do: scan myself.

I must have been dizzy, because I stumbled and almost fell when I took
my first step. My legs were wobbly. Nikki was instantly there, along
with two other women I had apparently stolen. They were all naked and
had very large breasts... and they were obviously horny as hell. Their
names were... Dominique and Amanda. They were sisters, and now shared
a telepathic link that caused one to feel only the physical sensations
of the other.

I smirked at how fun that could be--it reminded me of that Cheech &
Chong movie--and I inserted my middle finger into the asshole of
Amanda. It slid right in, thanks to some constant lubrication.
Dominique, who was getting me a glass of water, dropped it on the
floor (it was plastic, though, and didn't break) and grabbed her tits
as she ground her ass back into... well, into thin air; nobody was
fingering her asshole even though she felt it. Amanda didn't feel the
anal intrusion, but she sure felt the attention to her tits, and that
made her look back coyly to see what I was up to.

Amanda grabbing her own tits finally gave Dominique the sensation she
had tried to elicit in herself, and she collapsed onto the floor,
masturbating wildly. Amanda squirmed in response. I decided to have a
little fun. After Nikki quickly unbuttoned my pants and dropped them
and my underwear to the floor, I sat on the couch. Nikki held my cock
straight up as Amanda backed up and positioned her ass right above my
dick. She sat down slowly, taking it all in.

Dominique squeeled in response and turned over, got to her hands and
knees, and positioned her ass high in the air to ease the penetration
she was feeling. I decided to be a bit fair about it, and I had Nikki
go over and lay down on her back, in a 69 with Dominique. Nikki
reached out with her 7 inch tongue and fucked Dominique's pussy with
it, rubbing her asshole and finally penetrating it with her thumb.
Those sensations really got Amanda hot, and she pounded herself harder
and harder onto my prick. I reached around casually and played with
her clit.

So, with Dominique feeling a thorough ass-fucking and clit-teasing
while eating out Nikki, and with Amanda feeling a soft (but very deep)
tongue-fuck with a bit of anal teasing, I felt like a king among men.
"This is why," I realized, "they go to the trouble to gather harems.
It's too much fun!" I quickly tied all of their orgasms to my own, and
the noise in the room grew pretty loud before I finally released a
large shot of jizz into Amanda's colon.

All three of them came instantly and very hard. Amanda collapsed into
me, squirming as Nikki continued to lightly tease Dominique with a
little after-sex play. Hopping up to go clean off, I stopped by my
bedroom and noticed that I had company: inside my room were two
sleeping women. Another quick scan told me that they were mine. I had
five slaves, and I only remembered getting one.

After my shower, I put the gals to sleep and called Jenny. She
confirmed the deletions of Nikki, Dominique, and Amanda, adding that
they were deleted very well--the friends and family and even paper
trail (which is the hardest thing for a regular deleter to alter) were
not just deleted, they were altered in a way only seen with Orfers.
She didn't know about Jennifer and Alicia (the two sleeping beauties
in my room).

She asked me if I was joking about the pair of (former) young police
officers--there was no trace of them, not even birth records. It's
almost impossible for a deleter to remove those records. The deleted
victim must actually know (on some level) someone with access to those
records, and the deleter must be able to send an abstract command.
And, of course, she had no idea of the various physical enhancements
that were made.

I drew a hot bath (hey, it's relaxing!) and got in. Laying back and
closing my eyes, I began to root around my brain in much the same way
I'd search a common victim's brain. What I found startled me.
Apparently, I had not won the earlier battle, and no Druid ever came
to see me. Saving the details on that issue for later, I went around
and discovered something equally strange: a memory miner. Every time I
used my powers, this little program analyzed what I did, how I did it,
and sent it... somewhere. My range was practically infinite.
Thankfully, those were the only two things I could find.

I took control of the miner and altered it so it wouldn't report my
self-scan. Then, I decided to test my abilities one last time. Within
two hours, every trace of Jenny, a fellow Orfer, was completely gone.
And, she came into my house... as far as she knew, she was at the home
of her master. Being a little tired from my recent romp, I had her go
to bed and sleep for awhile.

I called a few of my ORF buddies and asked them who was working the
deletes today, and everybody I called said something like "Bill's
working in this region, as usual. Who else would be doing it?" After
they said that, they managed to give me several reasons why I wasn't
working the cases. Apparently, Bill had been doing the work for quite
some time, even rescuing three women from a deleter who had
disappeared. That deleter had the ability to alter bodies, they said,
and they were worried about it.

Amazing! I had deleted an Orfer, albeit as an experiment, and not only
was every trace of her gone, but reality had bent itself around her
disappearance. Her parents didn't even remember her... and I knew
because I traced them down using Jenny's memory. The action got my
memory miner working overtime, and it summoned my "Druid" friend. It
sent a command that I probably wasn't supposed to see to my
consciousness, telling me to meet him at the local mall, in front of
the Radio Shack. The miner had also sent a command to my secret and
previous master: he would not wear or project any disguise. A little
virus I put along with that signal would not only hide that command (I
hoped!), but would start to gradually degrade any part of his brain
that he could use for telepathy. There was only room for one mental
giant in this town... or country... or world.

It took me a couple of hours of getting ready and driving to get to
the appointed meeting place. And, sitting on a bench with a
ridiculously beautiful woman (or girl; I was afraid to scan because
he'd probably know the game was up and try something stupid), was
Mike. Mike! His face lit my memory ablaze like a torch soaked in
gasoline. It was him the whole time. All he had to do was figure out a
way to sneak in under my defenses, using his unusual powers.

He scratched his head a few times, and stared at quite a few girls...
I risked a scan, knowing that a battle was imminent. He was using most
of his concentration keeping the girl next to him from running away in
terror; she'd been with him for weeks and he had never bothered to
make her love him.

My virus was working.

"Mike!" I yelled, getting everyone's attention. People outside heard
my yell, in their minds. He stood up and tried to take some kind of
stance that would seem appropriate for a mental battle. I felt dozens
of white-hot wires hit my forehead, but they couldn't bore in. His
"girlfriend" finally screamed and ran away, drawing his attention
momentarily. Giving up on her, he focused on me again. I sent out a
wide shield in front of my body, and forced his probes into random
directions, making sure nobody got in the way. His nose started to
bleed.

Deciding I didn't want a drawn-out battle, and that nothing useful
could be learned from such a dangerous man, I walked to him and hit
him, hard. The blow landed on his nose, and it started gushing blood.
He grabbed it, feeling pain for the first time in a long time. I threw
my arms out to my sides and felt energy well up from above, below, and
all directions... and threw it at him. I collapsed, exhausted and
sweaty. I think I may have singed a little hair on my arms.

He couldn't even scream. His eyes stared into nothingness, and drool
started coming from his mouth. It was several minutes before anyone
approached either of us; everybody in the building felt some kind of
shock. But Mike never felt it. I had completely blanked his brain; he
no longer possessed any thoughts at all. The parts of his brain that
kept him alive fizzled out a couple of days later in the hospital. And
a week after that, a huge Midwestern white-slavery ring was exposed,
and dozens of women were hurried into several government vehicles and
headed home.

The government-employed telepaths helped immensely in cleaning up the
messes created by Mike and myself. Lives were restored and families
re-united. It took about a month before they had finished with the
last of the slaves, my very own Nikki, who had been found in Mike's
dungeon in the Ozarks. And, for the last time, members of a little-
known government organization called The TEDS, disguised as typical
FBI agents, delivered Nikki to her husband Jeff and their twins.

The TEDS, you see, are like the federal thought-police.  Or so they
think.  "TEDS" stands for TElepathic Defense Specialists, and I
figured I'd let them do what ORF was supposed to do: police the
telepaths.  Well, about as well as any government organization can
police anything, that is--let's just say that there would be a lot of
room for fun, if you were telepathic and careful.  And discreet.

They thought they were the shit when they "solved" about 100 or so
mysterious disappearances, all at the same time.  Many of the abducted
were Orfers; but not anymore.  That was the end of ORF, as a
functioning group.  I was the last one standing.  And, I loved it.
Now, I could have all the fun my job wouldn't let me have before!

After a couple of hours of meditation and projection on my part, the
TEDS could now "protect and serve" population as a whole.  I made sure
they would enlist the services of the ORF members, who had been
employed by an agency that, thanks to me, no longer existed.

As for me, well, I kept all of my power. And, I kept Jenny under my
beck and call. She still has her own powers, but she only uses them
for me. After a visit to a rural Illinois town, Dominique and Amanda
were also moving back in with me--with their parent's blessing, of
course. Nobody in that whole town questioned them moving in with a
rich uncle living in St. Louis. And, with my earlier alterations to
their physical sensations back in place... well, let me just say Jenny
and I are seldom bored.

We're playing "Guess that object" now. Dominique is here, squirming in
her seat, next to me. I kept her, Amanda, and Jenny aware of the
unusualness and unnaturalness of their collective predicament.
Somehow, I had started to get off on the idea of doing this against
someone's will--probably a slight corruption that remained from my
dealings with Mike Green. Anyway, Dom here is covering holding her
pussy with both hands. She's dripping with sweat, and about to say
something... or scream it. She's not good at controlling the tone of
her voice, especially when her pussy feels like it's being fucked with
a...

"Unnnnggggh! It's a fist! It's Jenny's fist!" she screams, partially
because of her orgasm, and partially because she wanted to make sure
Amanda and Jenny heard here. I knew she was right, of course; not
because of my powers, but because of the slightly muffled applause
coming from the next bedroom. I kiss Dom, enjoying her tongue
messaging my own, and sent her on her way to the other bedroom.

"MMMMmmmmmmm," Amanda coos as Jenny starts kissing Dominique's nipples
in the other room. "My turn." She braces herself on my bed and yelled,
"OK! I'm ready!"

I still don't know where they came up with this game, but I don't care
enough to find out. Watching Mandy writhe on the bed as she is
phantom-fucked by... well, by something she has to guess... is too
much fun. Hell, this is something everybody should try--maybe I'll get
another girlfriend next week. * * * * * * * * * *

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's Note: I know the sex was kind of scarce in this one, but I
had to finish the ORF story arch. This ending will allow future
chapters and a lot more fun. And, no restrictions on Xavier's actions
will have to be included! Don't expect them to appear under ORF,
though; if I continue with this character, it's going to be with a
different title. Anyway, it's been fun, and if you liked it, send some
feedback!--bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.