The Virgin Tease (F/M, F/F, tease, denial)

Part 1

First Clinician Jenny called Rob from the waiting room and led him to a treatment room. As he followed her, his eyes focused on the slender beauty with light brown hair and a crisp uniform dress that settled a few inches above her knees. Her bare legs and white sneakers, as well as her walk, had an innocent teasing quality. Her smile conveyed a sensual depth that almost contradicted her age of 19.

"Please take off all your clothes," Jenny instructed. She stood and watched as Rob disrobed. She smiled when she saw his cock cage. "It says you got an enema from Nurse Rina this morning. How was it?"

"Oh man, she really gave it to me good! I thought she'd never let me get rid of it. And I was so full! It just kept on and on."

Jenny giggled. "Yes, she does have a way with enemas. She gives me an enema twice a week. The same kind she gave you."

Rob grimaced, a sign that his expanding cock encountered the constriction of the cage. Jenny noticed but did not give Rob any indication.

"And this is the fourth day you've had your chastity device. How has it been?"

"It's not a lot of fun... I can't wait for it to come off."

"You know that the experiment requires edging and denial of orgasm, right? And that at the conclusion, Nurse Ashley will ask you a series of questions."

"Y-yes..."

"Good. Lie back on the table and I'll bind you in place. Today's session will be three hours of teasing, edging, and denial."

Rob's heart raced when he felt Jenny's efficient hands bind his wrists to the table. She bound his ankles apart and removed the chastity device. Rob gave a sigh, and Jenny smiled. His unencumbered erection reached skyward.

She squirted oil on his throbbing erection and used her hands to carefully spread it. Then began the most arduous experience Rob had ever known.

Jenny gave his cock a few quick pumps with her experienced hand, and he approached ejaculation quickly. Just before he would have spurted, she put her hands behind her and calmly waited for his cock to subside. Rob grimaced and panted. A few moments later, she wrapped her hand lightly around his flagpole. "Oh my, you have a sensitive cock! These give me the most fun!"

She pumped slowly, each one taking more than 15 seconds. Using this method, she delayed his ascent to the edge of ejaculation for several minutes. Rob's choked moans delighted her. She figured that he had never been teased or edged. She smiled and withdrew her hands when she detected the telltale signs of approaching ejaculation.

"Please," he implored as he panted. "Please!"

"Rob," she panted lustily, "just seeing the intense wanting in your eyes is enough to give me an orgasm." Then she put her legs together and closed her eyes. Her whole body trembled, and a few high pitched whimpers escaped her. Then a big sigh as a sexual blush spread across her face. Rob was near spurting just from the scene.

Jenny reached under her uniform and pulled off her panties. There was a large damp spot on them, and she brought it close to Rob's nose. "Do you know what a girl's pussy smells like when she's had an orgasm? Here, inhale my scent. Guys tell me that it's like an aphrodisiac!"

Rob inhaled, and felt a strong pulse of pre-cum seep from his cock. Jenny smiled. "Rob, I'm going to put a ball stretcher on you to help keep you from ejaculating. You've got one of the most sensitive cocks I've worked with, and we can't have you spilling it before the experiment is complete." Then she efficiently placed a plastic appliance on him that kept his balls away from the base of his cock.

"Now I can continue," she said, and squirted more oil on his member. After a few moments of casually stroking his purple erection, he was close to spurting but his ball stretcher kept him from crossing the line. He continued to plead with Jenny.

"Unhhh... Gawd, I need to cum!  Please, please let me cum!"

Jenny put her free hand under her dress and stroked her pussy as she kept on teasing Rob's cock. It took only a moment of this and she treated him to her gasps of orgasm.

She then turned her attention to his balls and the insides of his thighs at the same time she slowly stroked his member.

"Rob, do you know that I'm a virgin?" she teased. Another strong pulse of pre-cum. "I've never had intercourse, yet I know more about male anatomy than most girls who have fucked their brains out!" she kept on with her gradual stroking. "Not only that, I have a boyfriend AND a girlfriend!"

"Aaaugh! Let me cum! Please!"

She giggled and wagged her finger at him. "Uh-uh-uhh! No cumming until I let you!"

"Uhhnh! You - you're a virgin and have a boyfriend and a girlfriend?! How do you, umm..."

"Oh, I get lots of sexual satisfaction, Rob! I have lots of orgasms." Jenny's hands kept working his cock with frustrating skill. "You know Nurse Ashley - the one you saw to sign you up for the experiment - she's my girlfriend. She also has a boyfriend."

Rob thought of the attractive brunette nurse Ashley. She had a slightly dominant demeanor, and the mental picture of her and Jenny in bed, naked, their arms around each other, their legs touching, lips locked in a passionate kiss, made his midsection tingle with renewed desire.

Jenny put her face close to Rob's and whispered sexily, "One more thing, Rob - I love the taste of cum. Sometimes, after Ashley's boyfriend fucks her until he's spent, I'll eat her pussy - her pussy full of cum, Rob! That sends her into orbit!"

Rob pumped his hips and twisted in his restraints. "Gaah! No more! Please let me cum now!"

Jenny giggled as she kept her charge on the edge of ejaculation. "My boyfriend spends a couple nights a week with me. I have to wear a chastity device for my pussy when we're together so I don't give in and let him fuck me. I let him fuck my legs, though."

Rob was nearly incoherent.

"I'll spread oil on my legs, Rob. Then I lay there with my legs together and he lies on top of me, pumping his thing between them. He's imagining he's inside my virgin pussy, and just seeing the want in his eyes sends me into orgasm. Then he cums and cums, between my legs!"

Jenny's free hand quickly went to her pussy. "Oh... Ohh... OH! Ahh! Mmmmmf!" She gasped as she had another spectacular orgasm.

"I'd better have a short break, Rob. This is hard work." Then she took her panties, wadded them up, and rubbed her pussy with them. After placing them on Rob's face so he could get a steady dose of her scent, she left the room for a few minutes.

When she returned she noticed Rob's cock had not subsided. "How's that sensitive cock doing, Rob? Oh! It looks like it still likes me! I'll have to spend some time with it!"

Rob's entire midsection was steeped in wanting and intense desire. As Jenny's skilled hands and teasing manner kept him constantly close to ejaculation, she fed his fantasies by telling him of her personal life.

"My boyfriend wants to marry me, Rob. I suppose I'd have to let him fuck me in the pussy if I got married. Sometimes I think it would be fun, but I'm having more fun as a virgin. Also, I'd lose my title here. First Clinician means virgin, Rob. It means the young lady who's teasing and handling you has never had intercourse."

Rob could do nothing but groan and beg for relief.

Over the next hour, Jenny teased Rob's cock and balls, and alternated using the ball stretcher and leaving it off. She proved her extraordinary skill, as few girls could tease like that without accidentally bringing their charge to ejaculation. Though she thoroughly enjoyed teasing, she had the self discipline to let go at the right time.

Desperate tears of frustration and wanting escaped from Rob's eyes as he continued to sincerely beg Jenny for relief.

At the end of the second hour, Nurse Ashley came in and summoned Jenny away for a few minutes. When Jenny returned, she had a mischievous look on her face.

As she started handling and teasing his cock, she said, "Nurse Ashley was looking at your original paperwork, and pointed out to me that I had made a mistake in transcribing your information to my worksheet. I'll tell you what I did later."

She resumed teasing Rob with her hands and her words.

"She's going to give me a good spanking tonight for my mistake. Her boyfriend will be there. I'll have to take everything off except my sneakers. Then I'll get across her lap for my paddling. Omigawd! She spanks hard! Twenty five swats, Rob! I usually beg her to stop after ten, but she won't stop until I've gotten the whole spanking!"

"Let me cum! Please, please!"

She giggled. "Then I have to stand in the corner and listen to them fuck - at least twice. If I took my spanking well, she'll let me taste the cum in her pussy - while her boyfriend watches. After that, all is forgiven. She sends her boyfriend home and takes me to bed."

Rob panted and begged wile she kept handling him for a few moments.

"Rob, I can't help it! I've got to have another orgasm." While his midsection steeped in the hot sensation of intense and frustrated desire, she again put her free hand under her uniform dress and quickly jilled herself to an intense orgasm. Her quick gasps aroused him to such a degree that an unbidden spurt of pre-cum emerged. Jenny used it as additional lubricant.

"See, Rob, even though I'm a virgin I can get as many orgasms as I want!"

Rob struggled wordlessly as Jenny kept him near the point of no return. She continued to tease with her hands, mannerisms, and words. She giggled frequently and made sexy faces while running her hands over his chest and caressing his face.

"I've told you that Nurse Rina gives me a large enema twice a week. Oh my gosh, I have trouble with those! Ashley likes to watch - it makes her pussy fill with her sticky cream!"

Jenny smiled as Rob continued to pant and groan. He resigned himself to the fact that this pretty clinician was not going to let him cum until the treatment was over.

"That's not all, Rob - when we get home Ashley gives me a nice long fucking with her strap-on. In the tail end, Rob! She ties my hands in front of me so I can't interfere. Then she fucks me past the point where I'm sure I can't take any more! I beg her to stop: 'Ashley, PLEASE! Stop! No more! Not so hard!' Rob, the fucking just goes on and on! She loves to hear me moan and shout and feel me wiggle when she fucks me!"

Rob twisted and thrashed about on the table trying to deal with Jenny's relentless teasing. Never had he felt such an intense physical and emotional need to ejaculate. Jenny gave herself more orgasms as she worked on him, until the third hour of teasing and edging was complete.

Nurse Ashley entered the room. "Have you told him yet?" she asked Jenny.

"No. Only that there was a mistake and that you're going to give me a good paddling for it."

Ashley smiled and cupped Rob's balls in her hand. "You really want to cum, don't you?" she teased with a a sly smile. All Rob could do is groan and pant.

"Rob, Jenny thought she was going to bring you to ejaculation today at the conclusion of your session. Your original paperwork, however, had you for two days of sessions before that will happen. So I'm going to put your cock cage on you and have you back here tomorrow for another three hour session."

"Noooo! No! Please, no! I can't take it! I've got to cum now!" Tears of frustration streamed down his face.

"I'm sorry, Rob, but that's the way it has to be."

She pulled on his ball sac while concurrently squeezing his nuts until his erection subsided enough to permit Jenny to put the cock cage in place and lock it. Jenny left the room and Ashley released his bindings and had him get dressed. After she led him out to the waiting room, she went back to her office. Jenny was there.

"Let's go home, young lady. You've got quite an evening ahead of you. Oh, and I signed you up for an enema tomorrow after your session with Rob. I told her to extend the retention time to 15 minutes instead of 5. I want to watch."

Jenny sat with her hands in her lap, her eyes looking down. She knew she would make a spectacle of herself while taking in Nurse
Rina's 3-quart sudsy enema and having to retain it for an extended time. She would have no choice but to stridently beg for relief.

"Yes ma'am," she quietly whispered.

Part 2

First Clinician Jenny reclined on the examination table and placed her feet in the stirrups for her weekly virginity check. Nurse Rina spread Jenny's pussy lips and carefully examined her insides.

"You're good.  Trish, you're next."

Jenny, after putting her clothes back on, summoned Rob from the waiting room. Her uniform dress was a little shorter than what she wore the previous day, and her sexy wiggle a little more pronounced than before.

"Take off your clothes and lie back on the table, just like yesterday. You have another three hour edging and denial session," she teasingly instructed.

Rob's midsection ached from his arousal, and his cock hurt from its confinement in the chastity device. Jenny bound Rob's wrists and ankles to the table and removed his cock cage. He looked at the pretty clinician and was sure he could not endure another three hours of edging and denial. Knowing that the teasing was being performed by a virgin female made his arousal all the more intense. Since he was bound in place, he knew he'd have to endure everything she would do.

The virgin clinician sensed his thoughts and used them to her advantage as she unlocked his cock cage. "Rob, this is going to be hard for you, isn't it? Having your cock handled by a virgin!  A virgin with a boyfriend and a girlfriend! (Giggle!)"

Rob's breathing was heavy as he tried to keep his composure. Jenny squirted oil on his cock and balls and begain to lightly handle them. His cock, of course, became hard and throbbing immediately. He twisted his hips and panted.

"Oh my, you are in such a state!" Jenny teased. "I'm going to have to be very careful not to let you ejaculate! You may need the ball stretcher soon."

"Please let me cum! I don't think I can take all this!" Rob was immediately ashamed of his pleading, since he had convinced himself that he could take any amount of teasing without begging for relief.

"Three hours, Rob!  Three... whole... hours!"
She giggled, and Rob whimpered.

She continued to tantalize him with her words as she ever so gently handled his cock. "You're probably wondering if I got my spanking last night, Rob. I did. She really gave it to me good! I tried to take it well, but after a few swats I couldn't help squirming and kicking my legs. Her boyfriend watched, and I knew he was about to cum in his pants from seeing me get it! I bet you'd like to see me get a good paddling, wouldn't you? You'd like to see me get it hard, for all the teasing I do!"

She slowed her stroking to an agonizingly slow pace. After several minutes she said, "Time for a little break. I've got to have some relief now!" Then she put her hand under her uniform. Rob was almost incoherent from hearing her choked moans of bliss and seeing the expressions on her face as she climaxed hard.

After she attached a ball stretching appliance on Rob, she resumed her expert tease-handling, and was able to give more intense stimulation without fear of sending him into immediate ejaculation. She put on her sexy teasing smile and said, "Rob, just before I came to get you I had all my clothes off and I was lying on an examination table with my feet in the stirrups. My legs were spread to show my pussy so that Nurse Rina could check me to be sure I'm still a virgin. All the first clinicians here have to submit once a week. You'd like to see that, wouldn't you? Your virgin cock teaser with her legs wide open. You'd have probably shot a wad in your pants!"

Jenny giggled and continued her work.

Rob uttered close-mouthed groans in a struggle to keep from begging to cum.

Again and again, as she smiled, giggled, and sang, Jenny brought Rob to the precipice of ejaculation. Over and over, just when he was sure that he'd be permitted to spurt, she suddenly withdrew her nimble hands and calmly waited for the urgency to pass. Rob was not successful in refraining from pleading with the pretty clinician. Desperate, whispered entreaties were sweet music to Jenny, and more than once she stopped to treat herself to an intense orgasm. After wiping her pussy scented finger under his nose, she again - and again - took him up to the edge and back down.

She took the ball stretcher off for a few minutes at a time, and almost pretended to stroke Rob's cock, her touch was so light. She knew how much stimulation would send him into an uncontrollable episode of spurting, and stayed frustratingly short of it.

Rob lost track of time. To a male, one minute of teasing can seem like ten, and as the minutes blended together, the sweet delirium of desperation consumed all his attention. He was practically incoherent, and Jenny continued to use words as well as her hands to drive him far past the point where he thought he could not endure one more second of denial.

"Another thing, Rob - when I'm done with your session, Nurse Ashley wants to watch me get an enema. A three quart soapsuds enema, like the kind you got yesterday. Except that I'm supposed to retain it for fifteen minues instead of five!"

She teasingly cocked her head to one side. "Oh, Rob, I don't know if I can take it! It's hard enough holding it in for five minutes, but three times as long! I'm going to put on quite a show for her. I'm sure I'll beg Nurse Rina to let me get rid of it - but she always follows Nurse Ashley's directions."

All that Rob could think about was how close he was to spurting and how intensely he wanted to cum.

"Tonight, Ashley's going to fuck me with her strap-on - in the tail end, Rob. Sometimes she's gentle and it feels really good. Sometimes she gets excited and makes me squirm under her. It goes so far up inside me that I can almost taste it! Oh! I need another orgasm - hang on!"

Jenny's gasps of orgasm were loud and intense, and Rob's reaction was as if he'd been edged and denied several times. His torment went on for the duration of the appointment, and many times he shamelessly begged her to let him cum.

"You probably feel like you could give me a gallon of cum - if only I'd let you ejaculate! (Giggle!) I'll go get Nurse Ashley so she can check you over."

She was gone several minutes while Rob's cock bobbed in aroused frustration.

Nurse Ashley looked sexy and pert in her crisp uniform. Her dress seemed shorter than he remembered. Jenny smiled as she looked on. Ashley ever so lightly grasped Rob's frustrated cock and examined it. She giggled.

"Oh my, it looks like this one is rather desperate! You're right, Jenny - the sensitive ones definitely feel the effects of denial!"

Then she squeezed his nuts, increasing the pressure until his erection subdided slightly. "Rob, how would you like several of my first clinicians - all virgins - to spend an hour extracting your semen?"

A pulse of pre-cum suddenly oozed from his cock.

"I thought you'd like the idea," Nurse Ashley giggled. "Usually, at the conclusion of an multi-day experiment, we have the client get dressed, and then conduct the interview. They have to take care of their ejacualtory needs on their own, away from the clinic."

Rob's erection returned to full force, and swayed in front of the Nurse and her virgin clinician. Ashley continued, "The male we had who was going to have three days of work here dropped out because of a family emergency. You're the only one who can fill that role now, without us starting a new experiment. I'd like you to participate one more day - and in return, I'll have Jenny and three or four other First Clinicians drain you as much as possible for a whole hour after your session tomorrow."

Rob was almost beside himself with frustration, but the prospect of a group of virgin clinicians working on draining his balls was too attractive to pass up. He reluctantly agreed, and Nurse Ashley scheduled him for an enema prior to his third edging and denial session. Then she attached his cock cage and sent him home.

A little while later, Jenny was on a treatment table, completely naked, on her hands and knees, with her forehead down. Ashley had kicked off her shoes and removed her panties and was seated strategically with her bare legs apart in preparation for observing Jenny's forthcoming enema.

Nurse Rina prepared Jenny's three quart soapsuds enema and attached an inflatable retention nozzle. She lubricated the nozzle, and then applied lubricant to Jenny's nether portal.

Jenny pressed her lips together as she felt Nurse Rina's hands spread her bottom and press the tip of the nozzle against her.

"Relax, Jenny, I'm going to insert the nozzle!" Nurse Rina gently pushed until the nozzle overcame the resistance.

"Uhhhh! Ohh! Ahhh!" Jenny moaned. When the nozzle was all inside, Rina gave it a few pumps to inflate it.

"UHH! OH!" she squirmed. Ashley's hand went to her brunette pussy and slowly stroked. Her pussy was already aroused and wet from the scene before her.

Jenny looked back at the bulging three quart container.

"Okay, Jenny, I'm going to begin your enema now," Rina said, and opened the valve. Jenny immediately felt the warm sudsy solution squirt into her. "It's not going in fast, but I won't stop it until it's all inside you! I want you to keep your head down."

An involuntary whimper escaped Jenny's mouth. She felt the enema solution relentlessly intrude further inside her. "Uhhhh!" she exclaimed as she desperately wiggled her bottom in response to the pressure.

Ashley's hips tingled with arousal. She tried to pace her stimulation so that her first of many orgasms would not occur too soon. When watching Jenny, she was rarely sucessful.

"Uhhhh! Ohhh! Uhhhhmff!" Jenny's exclamations became more strident as the constant pressure inside her increased. She looked back at the three quart bag - it was just half empty. She whimpered. Still, the solution kept intruding.

"Ohhhh! Please stop! Just for a minute!"

Ashley smiled. Nurse Rina looked on with interest. She did not interrupt the flow.

"OH! The pressure! Oh, Ashley, please have her stop!"

"It's all going in without stopping, honey! Relax and take your enema," Ashley said in a quavering voice. A moment later she shamelessly crested and gasped several times in orgasm.

As the enema continued to flow, Jenny's struggle became more animated, and her open-mouthed outcries more intense. Another few moments, and the last of the enema spurted into her.

"Fifteen minutes, honey," Rina said.

"Oh, Please!" Jenny panted as she squirmed.

"Keep your bottom up there, and your forehead on the table!" Rina ordered. Jenny kicked her feet on the table, and Ashley surrendered to another orgasm.

Jenny continued to plead and squirm. About halfway through her long retention, Rina told her to lie on her back.

Ashley fingered Jenny's pussy and noticed that she was quite creamy. She then stroked her girlfriend's pussy lips and clitoris. Jenny's moans of distress turned to those of pleasure, and she eventually bucked her hips in orgasm.

"That should make it a little easier to take," Ashley quipped, and Jenny moaned.

At long last, her enema retention time was over, and she was permitted to get rid of it. Later, at home, Jenny was on Ashley's bed, face down, legs spread, with a bolster pillow raising her hips. She easily received Ashley's strap-on probe in her tail end, and surrendered to it. Ashley's rhythm of pumping was gentle and sensuous.

"Have you ever considered letting your boyfriend take you in the tail?" Ashley asked.

"Uhhh! Oh! N-n-o...  I mean yes, sometimes. Uhnnh! I'm afraid he would try to slip it in my pussy! Oh! Ashley, that feels good!"

"You could wear your chastity device, and he could still ejaculate inside you," Ashley said in a quavering voice. Much of her arousal from using the strap-on came from her dominance and Jenny's surrender. "I could help teach him how to do it gently."

"You'd stay and watch?! Uhnnh!"

"I'd supervise, so to speak. He's coming over later. Why don't you try it?" She pumped harder.

"Oh! Ahh! Yiii! Yes! I want to do that!"

"Good! I'll show him how to use butter as a lubricant. It's so slippery, he'll go right in! Oh, Jenny! I'm going to pull out now. I want you to eat my pussy!"

Jenny was aroused and unsatisfied - just as Ashley had planned. She locked Jenny's chastity device in place and kept the key. Later that night, under Ashley's direction, Jenny's boyfriend learned how to gently use his cock where Ashley's strap-on probe had been. After his first ejaculation, which arrived quickly, she left them alone. Three times during the night Ashley jilled herself to the sound of Jenny's moans and her boyfriend's eventual exclamations of passion when he could not help ejaculating.

Part 3

Nurse Ashley led Rob to a treatment room and watched him remove his clothes. Rina fixed the three quart soapsuds enema and administered it. Rob had to endure a 5 minute retention after all the solution was inside. After getting cleaned up, Jenny came and led him to her treatment room and bound him in place.

She delighted in his reaction when she unlocked his cock cage. "You need the ball stretcher right away!" she gasped, and cinched it on him. Then, with slippery hands, she began his third day of excruciating teasing.

"I got a big enema yesterday after our session, Rob. I had to hold it inside me for fifteen minutes! Imagine - the same amount of water as you got this morning, for fifteen minutes! I gave the nurses quite a show, and Nurse Ashley gave herself several orgasms while she watched me. I know you'd like to watch me get one!"

All Rob could think about was getting relief that he hadn't experienced for several days. And Jenny was focused on increasing his need, increasing his desire beyond what he had ever known.

"After we got home she used her strap-on - in my tail end.  I submitted to her, Rob, and she fucked me nice and deep."

"Aaaaugh! I can't take any more! Let me cum! Please!"

Jenny giggled, and brought him close to the point of no return several times. "My boyfriend spent the night with me, Rob. I had my chastity device on, of course, but I did something I hadn't done before. I had him rub butter on his cock - so it would get nice and slippery. Then I let him fuck me the same way that Nurse Ashley does. In my tail! He did me four times last night, and I carried a lot of sperm inside me. He sure likes to cum!"

She kept one hand loosely stroking his cock while she slipped her other hand under her dress. "I hope you don't mind, Rob - this is getting me so hot that I need an orgasm - oh... oh-ahhh... mmmmnah! (Gasp!) Oh! OH-MY-GOSH! (Gasp!) Aaaaaaahhhhhhh!"

She gasped and wiggled as she surrendered to her intense orgasm, and Rob's cock spurted pre-cum on her hand which she used as added lubricant.

"My boyfriend really wants my pussy. He wishes I'd let him cum - over and over - inside my hot pussy. But I won't let him! It's so much fun being a virgin (giggle!)"

To Jenny's delight, Rob squirmed and begged to be allowed to ejaculate.

"I think he needs some training, Rob. Maybe I'll tease him like I'm doing to you - only not as long - and then let him cum!"

Rob struggled intensely.

"Shhh, Rob, don't wear yourself out. Think of all the girls who are going to help drain your balls later today! Tee-hee! That will be so much fun with your sensitive cock!"

Rob was delirious with frustrated desire. His pleading was in desperate whispers - sincerely begging for relief. Jenny, of course, ignored his supplication while her pussy got more and more aroused.

After the first hour, Jenny removed the ball stretcher for a few minutes and used the time to give herself more orgasms.

"One more hour, Rob, and then we'll milk your balls," Jenny giggled while she put the ball stretcher back on him.

"Your balls are blue, Rob - that comes from too much denial and sexual frustration," she giggled as she kept bringing him up to the edge of spurting and back down.

Over and over, Jenny's skilled hands provided the exquisite torment that Rob had come to experience. The last hour had Jenny edge him at least 80 times.

The door opened and Nurse Ashley entered, followed by three attractive young women in nurse uniforms. "Rob," Ashley began, "it's time for the clinicians to drain your balls. You don't mind if I take off my panties while I observe them, do you?" After stepping out of her panties she rubbed them on her pussy and had him inhale her scent. "Since Jenny has been working on you, she'll be the first to milk you."

Jenny put fresh oil on her hands as Ashley stood by with a measuring container. She slowly and steadily stroked, just as she did while teasing and edging. Just when Rob crossed the point of no return, she stopped stroking and held his cock steady while it jerked and got ready to spill.

"Aaaaaaugh!" A seconds-long steady pulse of semen squirted into the container. Since Jenny did not keep stroking his cock when he began to spurt, his ejaculation was not satisfying in the least.

To Rob's surprise, he was just as aroused as before Jenny had milked his cock. All the clinicians knew this and giggled.

Trish, a cute brunette with a naturally sexy smile, stepped forward and lubricated her hands. "You know I'm a virgin too, don't you? When I do this to my boyfriend, I have to tie him down. It drives him insane, and I love to hear the things he'll promise for a chance to ejaculate. But I take my time, and draw it out to a few hours."

Rob could only imagine the intense and sweet agony that Trish would visit upon her boyfriend. The intense wanting for a chance to spurt in a pussy he had never been allowed to enter - and wouldn't be allowed to. What kind of relief did she ever allow?

Trish lightly stroked his cock for a few moments. Her touch had an almost electric quality to it, and Rob quickly approached ejaculation. Just as he crossed the line from her sweet handling, she held his cock still and his semen again made one long spurt into the measuring container from the intense and frustrated contraction of his inner muscle. He, of course, desperately wanted her to keep stroking his cock through a satisfying ejaculation - something she would not do.

All the clinicians giggled at his reaction.  Trish lightly handled his balls as another clinician, a slender long haired blonde girl named Tracie, oiled her hands. Then, to Rob's surprise, she took her uniform dress off, leaving only her panties and sneakers on. Rob hungrily gazed at her bare chest and firm breasts.

She smiled sweetly at him, and without saying a word, pumped his aroused member with her hands as if she were just learning how to give hand jobs. As Rob got closer to the point of no return, she said, "Uh-oh...  UH-OHH!" Her hands were skilled beyond what Rob had ever expected, and as the first pulse of sperm traversed his cock, she teasingly said, "Uh-uh-uhhh!" and released his cock. Two long pulses of sperm oozed from his cock while he exclaimed in aroused anguish.

"Your turn, Dasha."

The petite olive-skinned brunette had at the same time a sweet expression combined with a hint of dominance. Her bangs settled just above her eyebrows and she exuded a look that said, "I bet you'd like to fuck me."

Rob squirmed as soon as he felt Dasha's lubricated hands wrap lightly around his member. He wanted to look into her deep dark eyes while spurting pulse after pulse of pent up semen deep into her mystical womanhood.

"Rob - I do this to my boyfriend too," she said in a near whisper. "I have to tie him down. He says he doesn't like the teasing, but his cock says differently - just like yours!"

Rob squirmed.

"I love handling cocks, knowing that they won't spurt inside my pussy! I'll tease my boyfriend for hours until he will promise anything if I'll let him cum!"

"Uhhngh! Uhh! Ahhh!" Rob knew that Dasha could get any guy to that point.

"There's something I make him promise. And he does promise - every time. I tell him I'll untie him and have him cum all over me - anywhere except inside my pussy - if he will lick up his mess."

"Oh! Ahh!"

"Is that something you'd promise to do, Rob? Would you lick up your sperm if you ejaculated on me?"

"Yes! Oh yes! Uhhh!"

Jenny giggled.

"Cum for me, Rob.  I want to see how much sperm you'd lick up if you spurted on me!" She stroked harder and with a look of determination on her face. He willingly assisted her efforts, and in short order he felt more pent-up semen course through his aroused cock. Just as the others had done, after he was fully committed to his ejaculation, Dasha stopped all stimulation. Rob exclaimed in frustration as his member released a long oozing streak of sperm into the measuring vial.

The girls giggled. "That's four times," Trish exclaimed. "You must have really had him worked up, Jenny!"

"One more ejaculation, Rob," Ashley said. "Jenny, you can finish him off."

Jenny smiled and worked on Rob's cock as she had done in the teasing sessions. The girls giggled at his desperate arousal. Twenty minutes later, Jenny's teasing and handiwork had gotten Rob to the point where he was convinced that she would pump his cock to a satisfying ejaculation.

Jenny smiled and teased, "Pretend that this is for my pussy, Rob! What would you do if I spread my legs and submitted to you?" She pointed his member toward the collection vial.

Rob's orgasm was his most intense yet, and the contractions of his ejaculation were almost painful. After the first spurt, Jenny, like the other clinicians, stopped stimulation and simply held his member to shoot into the collection vial. There were a few spurts as Rob deliriously exclaimed, followed by a moment of oozing.

"That was good, girls," Ashley said as she handed the container of semen to Jenny. "Please note the volume of his ejaculate in his record. I'll conduct his interview and release him."

Several hours later, as Jenny and Ashley were passionately engaged in pleasuring each other, Rob was naked on his bed. With the images of the virgin cock-tease girls smiling and giggling, he stroked his member until his balls were ready to give another serving.

"Oh, yes!" he whispered, as if addressing the girls. "Yes, Dasha - please let me cum! Yes, I'll lick it up. Jenny! Oh, yes... Your pussy feels so good! Uhh... Uhhhngh!"

He felt his aroused cock cross the line of inevitability. He closed his eyes and imagined Jenny's face before his, lips sensuously puckered. He imagined his throbbing member releasing his sperm inside her pussy.

"Oh Jenny!" he shouted. "Aaugh! Jenny! Oh! Ahh! That feels SO good! Yes, Jenny, I'll lick your pussy! Oh! Ahh!"

Hot spurts landed on his sheets in the first satisfying ejaculation he had experienced in a week's time.

-----
This story is copyright 2010 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
