The diner is slow. Epically slow. In the back, Sal is watching one of his favourite soap programs and Betty is at one of the dining booths doing her nails. Vala's eyes flicker over to the phone sitting on the counter. With nothing else to do it doesn't take Vala long before she's digging out her own mobile, looking up the number that Cam had called her with.

Grabbing the counter phone, she dials the number and sits back waiting.

"Extension?" A woman answers, not introducing herself or where exactly it is that Vala has called.

"Uh...." Vala says, not sure what to say now. She hadn't expected this. "Cameron Mitchell?" She tries, hoping that gets her somewhere.

There is a pause, the woman running the switchboard changing her tone. "I'm sorry, do you have an extension for the person you're trying to reach?"

"Uh no, he forgot to give me one," Vala continues, jumping up on the counter to sit. "I'm trying to reach Cam Mitchell. Do you know him? He's kinda tall, square jaw, very good looking. His uniform clings to his ass in just the best way--"

"Name, please?" The woman interrupts her quickly.

"I just told you. You're not even listening to me are you?" Vala asks shrewdly, narrowing her eyes. "His name is Cameron Mitchell."

"No, ma'am, I need your name," the woman says, a harder edge to her voice. She's fully prepared to hang up if she gets any hint of impropriety.

"Oh. Well, why didn't you say that. Its Vala Mal Doran and what is yours?"

"Hold please," she says to Vala.

Cam's is in his office when his desk phone rings. He jumps and glares at it. The base is the only place that he even sees these phones anymore, but with no cell phone signal they aren't left with much alternative.

"Mitchell," he says.

"Colonel, I've got a Vala Mal Doran calling for you."

"Oh - yeah, she's fine, put her through." Cam says.

"Hello? Hellloooo?" Vala says down the line. "Are you still there? You never answered my question--"

"Vala?" Cam asks, laughing at how impatient she sounds. "This is a surprise."

"Hi!" She says exuberantly, smiling hugely down the phone line. "Who was I just talking with? They have to have the absolute dullest voice ever."

He laughs. "She's not so bad. Her name's Sarah. Little bit.... stern, if she doesn't know you. We get some high level people down here, so they're tight about who they let through."

Her ears perk up at high level and she makes a mental note of it. "Yeah, I wasn't sure I even had called the right number to get you, she didn't answer the phone right."

"That's how we do it here," Cam says, keeping it light. He knows the calls here are recorded and chances are he's being listened to right now. "How are you doing? Sal isn't gonna fuss at me for keeping you out all night is he?"

He can't help but smile thinking of dropping her off earlier that day.

She shakes her head. "Nah, he didn't really say anything. There were some grunts and a few looks but that was about it. Betty is who you really need to watch out for next time you come in. She's going to be needling you I bet."

"I think I can handle Betty," Cam says. "I'll just offer to bring some of my buddies from the base in with me some time. Give her something to distract her from gossiping about us."

"Oh you won't get them back in the same shape you brought them in," Vala laughs, warning him.

"Normally I'd say that they're military men and they can handle themselves, but I don't know," Cam admits. "Betty is something else, all right. They might not have seen anything like her before - and these boys have seen a lot of strange stuff."

"Oh, I'm sure they've seen some stuff..." Vala agrees, her eyes flickering over to Betty briefly. "Still, she's a rather formidable woman. I bet she could take them all on."

"I take it she can't hear you, if you're getting away with saying that kind of stuff about her," Cam says.

His computer is in front of him, seemingly endless tabs of emails and reports that need to be approved filling up the screen. He starts to scroll absently, most of his focus still on Vala.

"Oh no she can hear me. She's glaring but her nails are wet so she can't do anything about it right now." Vala smiles smugly over at Betty who just glares right back.

Cam laughs, because he can so easily picture that look on Betty's face. "So I was thinking about coming around for dinner tonight... you gonna be working?"

"Of course I'll be here. ... When are we going on our date?" She asks, beaming over at Betty who is huffing slightly.

"Oh, well, you know I'm up for it," she chuckles down the line. "I always like to see you in the diner."

His voice drops a little. "And maybe I'll stick around and steal you for a few minutes after closing, too..."

"Oooh, rrrr," Vala purred, wiggling on her seat on the counter. "I like the sound of that."

"I can't stay.... got an early morning tomorrow, but..." He hesitates, then goes ahead and says, "But I do want to see you."

"You can't stay... the night?" She responds, her voice dropping in sadness. She doesn't like the way that sounds; she enjoys falling asleep with him next to her after a particularly athletic round of sex.

"You're cute when you sulk," he says. "I doubt it, but we'll see. You can try to convince me."

He knows if he does stay that he'll have to get up before dawn for the meeting he has at 0700. Damn time differences... he's already dreading it, a conference call with half a dozen higher ups and the other SG team leaders that aren't off-world.

"Ooh, a challenge!" Vala's eyes light up as she tries to think of the different ways she could work to keep Cam in her bed all night. There are many different choices...

"Did I just make a mistake telling you that? I think I did," Cam says, groaning in an exaggerated way, like he's not actually looking forward to all of her attempts to persuade him. "I hope I live to regret this one."

"Oh no. No I don't think you did at all," Vala teases happily. "And don't worry Cam, I will make you feel so, so good you won't even be aware of everything I've done to you," she whispered down the line, her voice dropping in pitch.

"Oh, that's..." He clears his throat. He glances at his open door. "I like that. Your voice... gonna get me in trouble, woman."

"Oh am I?" Vala asks, her voice still low and deep. She picks up the phone from the counter and begins to walk in the back, the cord extending from the counter all the way into the unofficial break room in the back. "What about my voice? You like to hear it talk to you Cam?"

He's playing with fire, letting her do this while he's on the company phone... but technically all she's doing is asking a simple little question... "You know you got a good voice," he says. "Where's that accent from, anyway? I don't think I've heard anything like it."

"I may know it but it doesn't hurt a woman to hear it from her... gentleman caller," she teases, voice dropping even lower. She brushes past Cam's question, not even addressing it but moving on, hoping that he'll drop it and forget for now. "Is there anything in particular you like hearing me say, Cameron?"

"My name, for starters," he says.

Vala smirks and lounges back in one of the chairs, her feet propped up on a nearby table. "Cameron Mitchell," she breathes huskily down the line. "I believe I like saying your name. Cameron."

"I like you saying my name in what you wore night before last," he says, thinking back with a slightly distant look on his face, the memory sucking him in.

"Oh yeah? I bet you did. Would you like to see me wear something for you tonight? Something interesting under that cute little waitress outfit you seem so enamored of?"

"Something red," he says. "You look good in red."

"Like red?" Vala thinks about what she has in her closet that she could wear. "I could probably find something to match those parameters. Any other requests then, colonel?" She teases him.

"Just you," he says. "Let's face it, you get me going no matter what you're wearing."

He's never spoken quite so freely to a woman he was dating this early in the relationship, but Vala's... different. He thought that to begin with and he's realizing how true it is every time he's around her.

Vala's smile is much softer this time. She appreciates the compliment, knowing how honestly Cam means it. "I like being able to do that," she admits to him. Her own feelings on Cam are all jumbled up inside her. She cares for him, she knows that already and he definitely gets her going with just so much as a quick grin and a wink. If her cargo ship were able to fly now she would take him with her, she would want him to go with her. But having to say that sort of thing outloud is hard for her to do.

"The feeling is certainly reciprocated," she replies back, giving as much as she can at the moment.

He's almost surprised by her admission. One thing he's definitely realized about Vala already is that she's not the hearts and flowers type of girl. She's not clingy - almost the opposite of it. He's noticed that she evades most of his questions about herself. He's always been the type to pick up on small things. It's part of what makes him a good team leader now, and he knows that, but he hasn't called Vala on it yet. She's more interested in playing than talking and he's a guy, he's not about to complain about that, but it makes nice when once in a while she does let something slip about how she feels.

Especially when it has to do with how she feels about him. He doesn't want to say too much back and scare her off so he settles with a very warm, "That so?"

"Could be," she agrees, still always teasing with him. She grins down the line and relaxes back into her chair, closing her eyes so she can just focus on his voice coming down the wire. "Perhaps we should test the theory, why don't you wear the sexy red things tonight and we'll see how it goes."

"Uhh... you know, I don't think I have a single sexy red thing in my closet, and I doubt I'll have time to shop so let's just hold off on testing that theory for a little while. You stick to being the one wearing sexy stuff and I'll just look at you," he says with a laugh.

"No sense of adventure colonel?" Vala laughs, her grin sliding even wider. She knows that Cam does something with the government; she knows he has a high security clearance and he's required to leave frequently and go out of town. She isn't sure exactly what all these pieces add up to meaning but she's dying to find out. Vala hates nothing more than an unanswered question.

He's tempted to tell her that he gets plenty of adventure at his day job, but he knows that would be revealing too much. "You want adventure? We'll go for a drive this weekend. You've only had a little hint at how fast my baby can go. That machine purrs on a long stretch of open road."

"So we are going this weekend?" She asks, bouncing in her seat. "I've got to pack! Where are we going? I want to go on a roadtrip!" She's getting all excited at the idea of getting away, even if just momentarily. She's been here at Sol's for far too long and while she needs to stay put to finish her repairs, the desire to travel and to move is itching at Vala just below the skin.

"We could do that," Cam says. "Get a little fresh air. I haven't seen much of Colorado yet."

While he does travel a lot, most of that traveling is done while also worrying for his life or fleeing very unhappy and armed people on an alien world. A nice weekend out without the threat of death would be refreshing.

The idea is sparkling in front of Vala and she's getting excited just thinking about this. "Oh, lets go! Take me somewhere, I haven't been able to leave her in... I don't even know how long its been," she says wearily. "I want to get out and explore Cam."

"We can leave Saturday morning," he says, getting excited too. He's never been the kind to sit still for too long, either. "Ask around and find a good place for us to go... somewhere we can do some exploring. Uncover some of that buried treasure you're fond of, maybe."

Vala begins thinking of all the places they can go, of using that old computer that Sol gave her to look up things on that intranet he told her about.

"Shopping too?" She adds in excitedly.

"Uhh...." He teases her and acts like he has to think that one over, though he already knows if Vala's excited smile is dragging him into some place he'll follow along. "I guess we could fit in one or two stores. If we have time, between all the exploring and driving."

"Excellent!" She claps her hands excitedly. "Ooh, I need to plan! Need to pack! What does one pack on a roadtrip? I don't know--" Vala jumps up, beginning to run to the stairs that lead to her place up on top of the diner but the limited range of the phone cord stops her.

"Ack--" She grunts, falling back as the cord jerks her back into the room.

He looks at his desk and tries not to grin too hard, difficult in the face of her raw enthusiasm. "Pack comfortable clothes, and some good shoes. None of those six inch heels."

"My six inch heels are comfortable," she lies smoothly. "Besides, they make my ass look fantastic."

"They do, but they'll also make you take a tumble off a mountain faster than you could spit," he says. "I've seen it happen. Trust me. Sensible shoes."

"Wait, we're climbing mountains?" Vala pauses, thinking about this whole thing again. "Can't we just drive over them?"

He realizes belatedly that he needs to adjust his 'prepare for any terrain on an alien world' thinking just a bit. "I don't think we've decided what we're doing... but it doesn't hurt to be prepared."

"Okay..." Vala agrees slowly. "Well, why don't you look up where you're going to take me and what we're going to do and you can tell me tonight."

"How about I'll look up some places and you look up some places and we can decide together tonight," he suggests.

"Alright, that sounds like a good idea," she agrees. She sighs sadly, looking over her shoulder into the diner. "I hear people coming in."

"I guess I should get back to work too," Cam says, frowning. "But hey, I'll add you to the list so next time you call Sarah won't give you the runaround."

"Ooh, there is a list." Vala takes a moment to turn back around, giving herself some privacy with Cam. "Who else is on the list?"

He takes a page out of her book and just ignores the question, thinking he can get away with it because he can hear Betty calling Vala in the background. "Sounds like you better get back to work. I'll see you in a few hours."

*

The stereo system had definitely been a good idea.

Vala moves from the back of the cargo ship to the front, her hips moving in time to the beat of the music. She grabs a wrench from the ground and kneels in front of a crystal panel and pulls it out. She has more wonky crystals to find and she is sure there is something else that is causing her ship to malfunction. If only she could figure out what it is.

Bending over, she hums along with the song, singing under her breath as she pulls a few brunt out crystals from the section. She is going to have to find a way to replace these or at least find a way to splice into other crystals, these are all directly corresponding to the shield dampeners.

"Let's see what this one does..." she murmurs to herself as she tugs on one of the crystals. A loud blaring siren begins to go off over the music and Vala quickly shoves the crystal back in to shut it off. "Okay, not that one then."

She sighs and drops her head down onto the floor of the cargo ship. She really shouldn't have tried to thread and speed through a wormhole. Its left her ship damaged and broken, especially after her skirmish from the Lucian Alliance. Beating her fist on the ground, she gets up and heads to the back again.

She's been working on this ship ever since she accidentally crash landed somewhere known as Texas and it doesn't really feel like she's gotten anywhere in fixing it. The most she had been able to do was use her ship to pinpoint a massive source of naquadah somewhere further north. She had set out in hopes it was the Taur'i stargate but her ship broke down completely before she could get a more accurate pinpoint on it. So here she is, stuck in some backwater town with a waitressing job, a boyfriend and broke ass cargo ship.

"Well, at least the boyfriend is nice," she shrugs to herself as she begins to pull out bits of the floor so she could access private storage compartments. She has some of her belongings stored away, saving them for when she does finally get away from this planet.

And she needs to get flying soon. She hasn't been detected here on Earth but she knows that with a Stargate, its only a matter of time before the Taur'i use some sort of technology to find her hiding out in Sol's Diner. With any luck, she could get the ship going within the next few months then, quick stop off at Cam's place for him and a change of clothes (one was really only going to be all that was necessary) and then they'd be back up and off and into space before the Taur'i would notice them and the Lucian alliance could find them.

*

"Yo, Carter... you called?" Cam walks into Sam's lab a few minutes after getting an email summoning him.

"Yeah, hey, Cam." Sam looks up at him and smiles. "I hope I didn't pull you away from anything?"

There's amusement in her voice, because they all know where Cam has spent his morning - in meetings with General Landry trying to justify the purchase requisitions for some new packs.

Daniel and Teal’c are already there. Daniel is sitting on a stool, a book open in front of him though he seems more interested in messing with some small artifact. It's the same thing that's been puzzling them all for days. Ancient writing on non-Ancient tech. Daniel looks up and acknowledges Cam with a nod of his head and a flicker of a smile before going back to what appears to be very a scientific process of... poking and turning it upside down and shaking it.

Teal’c stands, as he always does, quite stoically. Cam gives him a grin and gets a nod in return.

Cam pulls a stool up on the edge of the table nearest the door. “Unofficial team meeting?”

"Something like that. General O'Neill is in town and we're doing sort of a..." She glances at Daniel, who just shrugs. "Team night, I guess you'd say. We're all going out for dinner."

"Team night?" That's definitely not what Cam was expecting to hear her say.

"Yeah, we used to... in the early years," Daniel explains, jumping into the conversation in his typical way. He puts the artifact down. He shrugs in a 'why not' way/. "We'd get together, have dinner, a few drinks. Somehow, the habit died out, but since Jack is back in town..."

Cam shifts his stance awkwardly. Any night but Saturday... "That sounds good, but when were you planning on getting together?"

"Jack didn't say what time he was coming in, but either Friday or Saturday night," Daniel says.

"Friday night would be good," Cam says.

"But not Saturday?"

Of course they couldn't just leave it alone.

It's not that he'd been hiding the fact that he's seeing someone - but he hadn't really found a way or a reason to bring it up in conversation with his team. Cam decides to just play it cool. He can do that. He’s good at that. He hopes. "I can't. I've got... plans."

Sam and Daniel both give him very curious looks.

"Plans?"

"Yeah, sort of uh..." He reaches up and scratches the back of his neck. He actually thinks for just a minute about canceling with Vala. Dinner with General O’Neill - a chance to witness the original team in all it’s glory, even just in someone’s back yard cooking out... but he thinks of Vala, and how excited she’d sound, and he knows he’s already fallen for her because the thought of that smile she gets when she’s so excited makes the decision for him. "I'm taking my girlfriend away for the weekend."

"Girlfriend?" Sam still can't contain her surprise. "You've got a girlfriend?"

Daniel looks surprised and slightly impressed. Cam starts to wonder if anyone on SG-1 has actually had a social life in the past decade. “You’ve had time to meet someone between Ba’al and the Ori?”

"I actually met her one of my first nights in town," he says. "We hit it off. We're doing a little road trip so I won't be in town Saturday night."

"Well." Sam gives him a big smile. "I'll just ask General O'Neill if Friday night works for him. I’m sure that’ll be fine."

Cam relaxes. That was easier than he thought... and now he can look forward to the weekend.