Author: Zorlond
Title: Survival of the Excellent
Part: Chapter 02
Summary: A new planet, a new start... and a species that seems to be built for sex.
Keywords: Hsolo, futa, futanari, breast size, penis size, piv, selfcest, preg, impreg, birth, lac, ScFi




Day 56

"The house is coming along. A bit more roof work and I can consider it complete. About time. When I started, I didn't think it'd take this long to build what amounts to a walk-in closet with a bed. Huh. 'Bed'. It's a soft spot on the floor. And I didn't even have to build that fourth wall."

Pat leaned back in her seat on that soft spot, against the wall. She stared into space for a bit, before continuing to type on her tablet. "I think I'm almost used to the days here. I've stopped waking up an hour before first light. My body finally understands there's an extra two hours on the clock. Now for the big change: getting used to the enormous years." She paused to take a last bite of her breakfast. "Also, crear jerky, batch three, still holding strong."

"I'm going to need to transcribe all this out soon. The recharger is giving less and less of a trickle. The threadleaf fabric ought to work well enough for paper, but I'm going to need something for ink soon, or I'm going to lose all this info."

Thinking for a moment, Pat decided that was enough and closed the file before shutting the tablet off and setting it next to the barely-working recharger in the only window. Her recording of her thoughts done for the day, she moved on to continuing to finish the roof. Exiting out the door, she turned to give the house a quick inspection. Tree logs made up the majority of the build, notched down their lengths to fit into the logs above and below, and again at the corners to alternate with the logs of the next wall. Pat poked at the greyish-green material between the logs. The dried mud seemed to hold up quite well so far, and was hard as a rock, even after the occasional rainstorm.

Pat concluded her inspection, then moved on, climbing the nearby rickety scaffolding that was her only access to the roof. Sitting on the scaffold, she considered the remaining hole, a frame of branches held together with threadleaf twine and clever notching. Taking up the branch she had declared to be her measuring rod, she took careful note of the hole's dimensions. She was running very low on material, and it took a lot of time to make more threadleaf fabric. And just like when she was still assembling the walls, the rod had been invaluable in saving time and effort. She'd considered using herself, but lying down and getting back up all the time just to check measurements sounded so fiddly. She knew she was about 2.19 meters tall, so she had grabbed a stick and cut it to about half her height, having to eyeball it before using some thread to mark it into tenths. This spot was a little tricky. The log cabin abutted right up against the ridge within stone's throw of the river falls, the natural stone of the ridge making up it's fourth wall. Which meant the top of the ridge was set just a little higher to make sure rain flowed away from the stone.

Turning to her roll of threadleaf fabric, she carefully measured out a 8 subrod square, cut it to size with her knife, then set to work attaching it to the frame with more twine. It was tedious work, almost like sewing a tent by hand. But within half an hour, it felt solidly in place. Straightening up, she stretched languidly, getting those back muscles unbunched, before climbing down. Grabbing her crear-foot pail, Pat headed down to the river to get some more raw material.

Stepping on a crude pallet bridge of halved branches going from rock to rock across the mud, she considered the mud below her, looking for the spot she'd been collecting from. Finding the slight depression in the mud, almost fully filled in from her last scooping trip, she paused, looking around. The blue-ish sun shone overhead, gentle sounds of small critters in the woods nearby, and the scent of fresh water. Setting her pail down on the bridge, she slowly walked to the abrupt end where the river truly began and sat down, feet trailing in the cool water, burbling gently as it passed.

Pat knew the peace was a veneer. That, as a part of this new world, she'd be expected to survive or not, just like any other being, and that the world at large wouldn't care if she didn't. But, for now, she took comfort in that peace, letting it roll over her like slow water trickling down her breasts and belly. As her mind cleared, she felt a stirring within. Her lips curled in a brief smirk. Of course. The urges of an excel refused to be denied, and it had been hours since she'd last satisfied her body's needs. Looking around once more, she decided that now was as good a time as any, and casually flipped her loincloth aside.

Her cock was already starting to stir, it's end dangling in the water next to her legs. Taking hold of it with one hand, Pat steadied herself with her other hand, ready to bring it up to her mouth once again. But she stopped. Maybe she should... But was it time? She should be adjusted to this world, or as adjusted she was going to be in the short term. But was she certain?

Eventually, she decided. Straightening up, she took her mostly-soft cock in hand and curled it back, bending it downwards carefully. As it neared full circle, she lay down on the footbridge, bringing a foot up onto the end of the bridge, opening her legs wide to let her heavy testicles slide apart to let her cock bend over behind them.. Gripping her cock to stiffen the end a bit further, she took a breath, and then pushed her cock right into her own pussy.

Her pussy spread around her cockhead, taking the fist-sized mass easily. Having known nothing but her hand five or six times a day for near two months, her pussy almost felt like it was crying for joy, dripping and clenching as more and more cock entered. Her cock felt similarly ecstatic, hardening rapidly from finally being in that tight, hot place it was designed for. A full third of cock went into her pussy before stiffening flesh refused to bend further.

She paused there, taking in the sensations of penetrating and being penetrated, filling and being filled. Sensations she hadn't felt in so long. Pulling one hand slowly up her form, feeling the slight bulge in her lower belly from the end of her own cock, on upward to pull her top aside and expose her tits to the sun. Massive globes bigger than her head, her conical nipples hardened in the air, even as she snaked her tongue out to tickle her nipples. Down below, she began moving her hand, pushing her cock in and out of her pussy, slowly fucking herself, eliciting a moan from her lips as electricity seemed to crackle around her doubled sexes. 

Lifting her rounded ass up off of the bridge, she put both hands to work on her cock, going faster and faster. Sweat beaded on her lip, her tongue tasting salt as she licked at her tits, cock and pussy growing increasingly slippery. But she didn't let go. No, she wasn't going to waste this. She needed it right there, co-joined in pleasure.

Her cock and pussy began to throb in unison as she came, sperm shooting a loop along her bent cock before going right up into her spasming pussy, mixed spunk flooding over her hands as more and more cum flowed. Inside, she felt her womb give way to the pressure at the gate, and intense warmth flowed deeper inside, instantly followed by even more pleasure as cock and pussy renewed their orgasms. Cum flowed freely down the crack of her ass, splattered across the bridge under her, and splashed into the river. On and on it flowed, her hands never slowing their relentless self-drilling.

Eventually the orgasm came to an end, and Pat slowly lowered her hips back down onto the bridge. Letting go, her cock slid free of her dripping pussy, hanging over the water at half-mast, dripping thick white into the clear water, before sinking down. Her pussy twitched once, a minor aftershock, another dollop of spunk dripping loose. She lay there for a moment, just riding the fading pleasure.

Eventually, she sighed and sat up. There was still work to get done. That roof wasn't going to finish itself. Splashing some water over her dick to clean it off, she got up, scooped up a hunk of mud with her pail, and headed back to the house. A continuing wetness trickling down both thighs reminded her that there would be plenty of time to fuck herself later in the day...


Day 335

Pat walked slowly between the few rows of the naner bushes, examining the fruit they bore. Carefully considering one fruit for it's orange color and bulbous shape, she decided to pick it. Bringing the fruit up to her mouth, she gave it a slow sniff before opening her lips and taking a firm bite. It was just about ripe, smooth texture and a little tang that always reminded her of a spicy banana. Chewing thoughtfully, she set it in her pail, continuing on.

She lifted the edge of her broad threadleaf hat to peek at the sun, hot and relentless in these early summer months. She considered what summer fashion might end up being like, if this was to be the new normal. She'd already given up wearing her old clothes, huge tits and cock bared to the gentle breeze, but that was as much for the fact that they were starting to fall apart as their heat retention. And frankly, threadleaf was just too itchy to be worn against skin. She'd have to keep looking for new material.

Lowering her hat again, Pat continued to inspect her little grove, taking a few ripe naners here and there, before heading back to the house. She walked a little slower these days, in part due to the heat. But mostly it was the weight of her belly slowing her down.

She paused for a moment, setting a hand on her great swollen belly, as she felt a bit of motion inside. Her womb tingled so deliciously, as the new life within her stroked and pushed her inner walls. She let out a softly sighing moan as her pussy clenched, dripping a little, as the motions set off a miniature orgasm. Pat smiled as the motions settled down, the pleasure fading to a low glow. She stroked her hand across her taut belly skin. "Soon, little one," she cooed. "You'll be ready soon."

She resumed walking, returning to her little house, setting her naner pail down before lying down on the thin animal-skin mat she'd been using for a bed lately. As always, that little orgasm, so lovingly provided by her unborn child, had got Pat horny for a larger, more thorough orgasm. Her cock already starting to rise, she took hold of it in both hands and bent it downwards.

Only, it wouldn't bend far enough. Her cock, already at half mast, was too engorged to reach her dripping pussy. And it was only growing harder. Her mouth twitched in a dry smirk. She'd never get her cock up past her pregnant belly and into her mouth, and it was past reaching her pussy. "Well, little one, you're going to make mommy get messy, huh? Alright, let's get messy." Chuckling to herself, Pat aimed her cock straight up, taking hold of it in both hands and starting to stroke. Her cock let out a drip of pre-cum, a trickle of white up there way past her hand, a promise of what was coming.

She closed her eyes, biting her lip as her hands continued stroking. Another motion inside her, tingling stroke just inside her belly button, and her pussy clenched again, her dick twitching in kind to let another solitary drip of pre-cum trickle down. She continued stroking, one hand letting go of her cock to slide up her sweaty belly, feeling the press returned from within. As her rising hand came up high to grab her tit, tiny jet of mother's milk declaring it's readiness to feed her child, the orgasm swept over her.

Her cock heaved, thick blasts of white shooting into the air, hovering for a split second before returning downward, splattering across her body. Her pussy let loose it's own fluid, smearing the mat with girlspunk. The orgasm kept on going, as it always did, make more and more of Pat slick with wet, sticky white.

But then, it changed. Her pussy, clenching tight in pleasure, seemed to pause, and then slowly reverse. Each tug outwards firing off greater pleasure, and she felt a great welling within her, her womb lighting up with motion. Gasping, her cock still going strong, Pat realized what was happening. Crying out, she let go of her cock and tit to put both hands to her belly. The motion wasn't random, it clearly had direction.

Struggling with her spazming body, Pat rolled over on the mat, getting on hands and knees. Her cock, uncaring, sprayed wall and floor alike in random streaks of semen. Her pussy, now forcing her legs out wider, kept on trying to tug itself open. Her womb, patiently waiting for this day, began to open. A mass started to push outwards, ever so slowly, having to push her vaginal walls out even wider than they'd already gone. 

The mass pushed rhythmically, dragging itself across nerves already ablaze with sensation, her pussy gushing openly with orgasmic fluids. Her tits hanging heavily downward, gave way to gravity and released their own loads, heavy cream bursting from each nipple to join all the rest of the white fluids smearing the world around her, the release sending it's own kind of pleasure streaking across her chest. Pat could only gasp and grunt, eyes and mouth wide open, her mind just trying to hang on as her body just kept on cumming from all corners.

It felt like the thickest dick in the world was trying to fuck her backwards. And it was glorious.

At last, she felt the lips of her pussy being pushed out, forced into a circle. The constant flow of cum offering lubrication, her pussy lips slid along, the mass just starting to come free. A sudden release, a pause, and then movement began again, only briefly resisting before everything came out, her pussy emptying itself onto the mat in a last blast of cum.

The orgasm started fading immediately, spunk slowing and stopping, cock flopping down onto the mat as Pat fell forward onto her face, gasping for air. Once she had caught her breath, she lifted her face from the sticky melange on the mat, sitting back very carefully. Her belly was already shrinking, smoothly returning to it's original flat state. There, between her legs, was a tiny humanoid form, still linked to her by fleshy cord.

"Oh, hey there," Pat gently said, carefully picking the little baby up. "I guess you really were ready." Nudging the newborn's legs apart, she took note. "Welcome to the world, little girl. Here ya go." Slipping her hand in between the little girl's legs, she placed the tip of her pinkie up against the tiny vagina, and twisted her finger around. The baby responded with a squeal, her body twitching once, the very end of Pat's fingertip sinking slightly into her. Smiling at the response, Pat set the newborn down. "I need just a minute, dear, not going far." Laying in a small sea of cock semen, pussy spunk, and tit milk, the mass stink of her mother all around her, the newborn lay there, blue eyes peering around randomly.

Pat quickly retrieved her knife, and after tying two quick knots, carefully sliced the cord. She sighed, smiling down at the baby. "And so begins your new life... Christine."


*****

This is a work of fiction, if that wasn't clear enough.  Nothing I write about has ever or will ever occour in reality.  Any resemblence characters may have to real people is entirely coincidental and unintentional.  And I can not and will not condone real sexual activity involving minors.

I do however, condone positive feedback, and encourage it.  :)

If you feel like sending me some feedback, you can reach me at zorlond AT yahoo DOT com.