------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.


Title: Diversity Symposium
Author: Es2c

	I heard of this special show for adults only.  I heard 
it was sort of an underground thing for free sexual relief.
	When I got there, was I surprised?  It was a warehouse 
type enclosure, with what was more like a two story ceiling 
with partitioned bays, some were solid walls and other were 
temporarily erected with plastic or canvas walls.  In these 
booths or enclosures, people and couple were fucking and 
sucking, both straight and gay.
	There was a big banner across the wall that read 
"Diversity Sexual Experience Symposium".
	The idea, it seemed was for people to see what form of 
alternative sex they might have an interest.
	I'd always wanted to see what it was like to suck a 
cock, so I headed in that direction that was simply titled 
"For Wannabe Cocksuckers and Dicks That Want To Be Sucked".
	As I was headed in that direction, a man was just 
leaving a booth that was in the "Slut Wanabees" area.
	"There is some good pussy there, it's so filled with 
cum you can't get the real feel of the slut."  He mentioned 
as he walked past me.
	The Panel of thick colored plastic was slow about 
closing.  I saw a very pretty woman on a cot with her legs 
open.  It was obvious she'd been repeatedly fucked by all 
the jism streaming on the cot in front of her gaping cunt 
as well as the frothy stream still oozing from her gash.
I was just standing there looking when her eye caught 
mine.  She beckoned me in.
My cunt is a little sloppy, but it's still a good fuck 
and if you're an eater, it's a deluxe creampie."
I asked her what was a creampie.  She urged me to come 
closer and she said she'd show me if I ate it all.  
We both chuckled as she told me about what the term 
meant.
I was staring at her oozing snatch the whole time.
"C'mon, try it kid.  That's what this is all about.  
No one's going to think badly of you here.  What ever 
happens in this building considered normal.
To my utter surprise, her sloppy nasty cum filled and 
cum compacted cunt was delightful eating.  I learned that 
compacted cum, which is melded jism dregs that has been 
stirred up and repeatedly compressed in the fucking process 
ends up like a very thick cream, actually more like a 
pudding.
I ended up eating out twelve sluts and all had 
compacted jism in their well-fucked cunts.
I didn't get over to the dick sucking area until 6 
hours later, but several men welcomed me and loved the 
smell of my breath.  They all said it had that pussy smell. 
After I told them of my earlier exploits, they seemed to 
enjoy creaming in my mouth even more.
I found sucking cocks quite delightful also.  I spent 
another 6 hours in that areas sucking dicks to completion 
as well as lapping dicks that had been fucking over in the 
slut area.
I never thought it would be so enjoyable receiving 
cocks rather than trying to use it to fuck somebody else.  
I also discovered between the dicks and the slut pussy, 
that my true calling was to suck.

---END---
