Penis Envy

By: Suzy Suburbanite


Chapter I

Warm, firm and pulsing is how I remember the first boys dick I ever held in my hand at the age of eight.  My best friend and I asked the cutest boy in our neighborhood to show us his thing which he eagerly agreed to, if we showed him our things.

I marveled at the throbbing organ, Can I touch it?  I asked Jonathan.

If I can touch yours, he nervously demanded reciprocation.

We stood, for what seemed like hours, touching and feeling one anothers most private places.  His boner appeared huge, as my best friend, Nancy, and I stroked and touched and caressed the, oh so, foreign muscle.  On that day, hiding behind the bushes in my backyard, giggling uncontrollably, staring in wonder, I fell in love with penis.

By the time I reached thirteen, I was not only touching Jons pretty penis, but also kissing it; placing my mouth on it, feeling the warm pulse of his heartbeat through his most precious possession.  Jonathan was doing the same for me.  He kissed my poonanni, as my mom called it, for hours and hours.  We were two very curious kids.  Luckily, at that age we never figured out the whole Tab A-to-Slot B concept of human physiology.

Jon and I fell in love sometime during puberty.  I was very surprised, but very happy, the first time he shot his stuff in my mouth.  I had yet another reason to adore a boys penis--beyond the velvety smoothness, and warm pulse--there was the creamy, slick treat if I licked it just right.

We gave our virginity to each other in the tenth grade, and I now had another glorious reason to love penis...it felt wonderful inside my pussy.  I was totally envious of my boyfriend and his magic stick.  Alone in my bed at night, I secretly wished I had a penis of my very own to stroke and hold and make it shoot its thick, white, sticky cum into my mouth or onto my body.

By the time we were ready to head off to college, Jonathan and I were sexually experienced with one another.  However, we were not particularly experienced at life.  We agreed that our college years would be spent apart.  We allowed that experimentation would take place in all aspects of life...including sex.  But, we promised to share with each other on holidays and vacations, and that once school was complete, we would rekindle our love.  Like I said, we werent very experienced with life.


Chapter II

College was a total trip.  There I was, eighteen and completely clueless.  Many of the girls in my dorm were much like me; a bit starry-eyed and shy from being cast into this sea of new and foreign people.  I decided on a large northeastern school, and coming from a very conservative mid-western upbringing, was shocked and later amused by the moral flexibility displayed on campus.

Im not sure if it was the newfound freedom and relative anonymity of being away from friends and family, or the true morals of the students and staff, but sex was everywhere.  Within three days of my arrival, my roommate, Darla, had a boyfriend.

You arent a prude, are you Annie? She asked soon after I walked in on them screwing.  Besides, Joe is just a fuck buddy until I get settled-in.

I denied being a prude, but also admonished her for not being more discreet, At least lock the door Darla.

Then It happened; the day I finally let my hair down and rediscovered the total joy of penis.

I was returning to the dorm in the middle of the afternoon, expecting to get some quiet study time.  But the sight that greeted me as I stepped into my room lit a fuse that could not be extinguished, save for some nice hard dick and hot sex.

There was Darla, naked from the waist up, kneeling on the floor, her head bobbing rapidly, up-and-down the long, black penis before her.  The tall, skinny black guy she was sucking had an expression of complete ecstasy on his glistening face.

Leave, or close the door and watch, Darla demanded breathlessly as she briefly broke her lip-lock on the mighty tool before her.

I walked to my bed--as if in a trance--and sat to watch Darla blow the amazingly long dick.  Her mouth was stretched wide over the pulsing organ.  Darla had a look of concentration and lust on her face as she bobbed up and down, her lips and mouth eliciting groans of pleasure from her new fuck buddy.

It was as if she read my mind when Darla broke contact from the slick, black-as-coal penis and pointed the purple head directly at me, Want some Annie? she asked, giving a naughty wink.

I just stared at the unwinking eye of the black snake that Darla held firmly in her pale white hand.  I dropped to the floor on my hands and knees, and crawled, cat-like, towards the object of my lust and desire.  Darla pumped the boys big dick in her hand, further luring me towards my destiny.  I marveled at the stark contrast between the stiff black boner and my roommates bright white, china-doll hand.

Yeah blondie, suck my big black cock, were the first words the black boy spoke since I entered the room.

Darla milked a large dollop of pre-seminal fluid out of the slit atop the plum-sized head, Go ahead Annie, suck it.  Suck his big black dick, she whispered to me as she pushed my head towards this forbidden fruit.

The phrase nigger lover popped through my brain--a remnant of my whitebread, mid-Ohio upbringing--as I opened my mouth wide and engulfed the warm, delicious man meat.  I closed my eyes and became lost in a trance of wet cock sucking.  I heard the boy moan and Darla talking about breaking me out of my prudish ways, but those moans and words meant nothing.  This is where I was meant to be, on my knees, sucking beautiful, warm penis.

I took the boy slowly, swirling my tongue around and around the fat head of his dick and then bobbing down, down, down his incredibly long organ.  My pussy flowed and contracted in mini-cums as I tasted the warm, slick, salty, cock juice for the first time in months.  The boy tasted much different than my Jonathan, my black attractions pre-cum was a bit more bitter, and there was much more of it.

Darla briefly pulled me away from the dick of my desire to remove my sweatshirt and bra before allowing me to swoop down once again on the stiff black boner.

Oh yeah bitch, work her up while she sucks my dick, I heard the unknown boy growl to Darla, get that little blonde pussy ready for me baby.

Youre one fine cock sucking ho baby.  Yeah bitch, thats it, treat my dick right bitch...cmon bitch suck that dick, he had a sneering, superior tone to his voice as he commanded me to suck deeper.  Somehow his use of the word bitch didnt offend me, but spurred me on to greater and greater feats.

I heard loud moaning, and realized it was me.  Darla was removing my shoes and jeans as I fell deeper and deeper into my dick-sucking trance.  The boy held my head in his large, dark hands and started humping up as he drew my mouth down harder and harder onto his pulsing organ.  My roommate was rubbing my, now bare, pussy and kissing my naked back while whispering to me how sexy I looked with a big black dick in my mouth.

Itll be even hotter looking in your pussy Annie, she groaned as she thrust two fingers into me.

Eat her cunt bitch.  Get it all wet for me, the black man demanded.

Hmmm, hmmm, I agreed--out of my mind with passion--for more unusual experimentation.

Darla had me stand and bend at the waist so that I could still suck this mans throbber while she pleased my pussy with her tongue and lips.  Id never even considered lesbian sex before.  But somehow, the immorality and deviance of her oral pleasure on my most secret places seemed so appropriate.

Darla soon had me moaning as loud as the anonymous black man before me.  Her tongue and mouth were everywhere: on my pussy, my clit, my butthole...everywhere.  I grasped the hard penis tightly and pumped it faster and faster; wanting the warm organ to shoot its cum at the same time my pussy flowed.

But, my fuck-buddies had other plans for my lonely, long-vacant, white slit.

Darla pushed me forward so that I straddled the boys body, his long, stiff penis directly below my wet pussy.  I held myself up on his shoulders as Darla lined-up the fat dick head with my cunt.

Wait, wait...we need a rubber, I gasped in a rare moment of clarity, as I stared at the black sword poised to pierce my lily white hole.

Put it in bitch.  Put my black dick into that lush white cunt, he commanded Darla.

Oh please wait, Im not protected... I whined as Darla moved his spit-slicked cockhead back and forth over my engorged pussy lips and around my hole.

Take it bitch.  Take it bare, the way you want it.

Watch Annie, watch, Darla was absolutely giddy as she lined-up the stiff boner with my sloppy cunt and guided me onto the fat black baby maker.

Oh God yesssssss, I hissed as I watched the beautiful black dick slide up my open, ready channel, Oh yeah boy...fuck me...fuck me good.

His dick went up, up, up; reaching depths inside me that had yet to know the warm, stiff pleasure of penis.  I could feel Darlas hands working my ass cheeks, as if trying to seat the firm boy muscle as deep into my cunt as it could go.

Oh please, dont cum inside me, I begged as he began to fuck slowly in and out of my needy body.

Thats your problem blondie, he said without caring.  The only emotion that ruled us both was lust...pure and simple lust...fucking lust...pent-up, hardcore lust.

Knock her up Darren. Darla moaned with cruel intent, Give the blonde bitch a little black baby.

Darren, so thats his name, I thought while I groaned my desire for this black stallion to pump me harder and faster, Oh yes, fuck meeeeeeee, fill meeeeee, give me your big dick...anything...anything you want...

Darren fucked me delirious.  He had me ride his smooth dark dick until his entire pelvis was awash in my juice.  He flipped me over on my stomach and took me hard and fast, as if we were two animals in heat.  And he finished with me flat on my back, my ankles around my ears, as he tried to slam my frail white body through Darlas bed.

Oh you fuckn white whore...gonna knock you up now bitch...gonna pump my load in you bitch...here it comes...here it comes, he yelled loud enough that our whole dorm knew exactly what was happening in our room.

Breed her baby...breed the snooty white cunt, Darla shrieked in time to my fifth all-consuming orgasm and Darrens prodigious first squirt of the afternoon.

He rammed his big black baby maker into my cunt with one final, mighty stroke and held it there.  I could feel the masterful black cock pulse: again and again as he spilled his seed into my unprotected pussy.

Oh yes, yes, yes...fill meeeeee, I wailed, out of my mind with lusty desire and damn the consequences, give me your cum...give me your black babies.

I opened my eyes to see his head thrown back as he emptied his load inside me.  It was the first time in my life I could actually feel the sperm ejaculating from a penis into my hole.  Once, twice...four, five, six times, the massive cum load bathed my fertile cunt.  Darren jabbed deeper and deeper into my sloppy, open twat as he gave-up his manly love cream.

Oh fuck yeah, you white bitches sure know how to fuck, he groaned as we both came off our sexual plateau.

I held him close, not wanting to let this sexy black stallion out of my grasp, or out of my tender, swollen cunt.  I tried to kiss his fat black lips, but he would have none of that, saying that he didnt kiss cocksuckers.

Darren, get off...I want my treat now, Darla whined.

The boy pulled away from me, leaving me empty and sorrowful that I had allowed this black man to ravish my needful void.  Oh please dont let me be pregnant with a back mans baby, I prayed.

Ill get all that nasty cum out of you Annie, Darla said a moment before clamping her mouth onto my pussy.

DARLA!

She sucked me, and I mean sucked...hard...almost painfully hard.  It felt as if my insides were being drawn into her hot, wet mouth as she drew Darrens cum wad from my hole.

Snowball her bitch, Darren commanded Dar as he fed me his nasty, cum-coated, sloppy cock meat for cleaning.

Within moments, Darla was spitting the boy cum she drained from my pussy into my mouth.  My mouth was full of the joy juice from the illicit, interracial union, consummated mere minutes before.  Darla kissed me hard and deep; her tongue and lips searching for new passion and deviant release.  She repeated the nasty game twice more: sucking my wet, sloppy hole and then feeding me the salty, bitter semen in an even sloppier, lusty kiss.

Suck her cunt, white bitch, Darren commanded, as Darla descended to my pussy for the forth time.  But this time, she swung her flowing cunt directly over my face...open, wet and wanting.  Her hole pulsed--red and swollen--waiting for my mouth.

What the heck, I pondered, I just fucked a black guy...may as well...

My thoughts were cut short as my horny roommate lowered her wide, white bottom towards my face.  I gladly accepted her offering of hot, wet pussy.  It was like the best sweet-and-sour sauce Id ever tasted.  Her cunt flow was warm, thick and slick...much, much better tasting than a boys fluids.  I wallowed in her folds.  I licked and sucked and chewed her sex into my mouth.  I relished her moans.

I reveled in her cries for my attention, suck my fucking cunt you bitch.

Lusty lick, upon lusty suck became a blur of lesbian exploration.  My chubby, slut roommate and I abandoned all pretense of passing fancy or curiosity for bi-sexual experimentation, with true desire to fully satisfy each others dyke passions.  We matched each other stroke for stroke, poke for poke, lick for lick...our moans and groans of pleasure emanating out of our cocoon of sex and across the campus.

Damn I love you white sluts...youll do anything for the big black dick, Darren exclaimed as--only inches away from my eyes--he lined-up his renewed hardness with Darlas asshole.

Oh yes baby, fuck Darlas virgin butthole...cmon baby butt fuck momma, my roomy groaned as the large black cock forced its way into her tight, stretched anus.

Darla screamed and moaned into my excited pussy as our black stud took her ass.  My eyes were transfixed on this unholy union, the sodomization of Darlas virgin bottom.

Darren began slowly, and then moved more forcefully, more vigorously inside my friends tender ass.  They fucked in this most unnatural way as I licked pussy and felt the boys floppy balls slapping my forehead.  I tasted Darlas ass juice, as her bottom completely opened-up to Darrens relentless pounding.  Darla--by choice or force--redoubled her efforts on my flowing pussy; and then her soft, slick tongue entered my tiny, tight bottom.

Oh shit Darla, I yelled my desire to my new sex partner as I felt the very first ever penetration of my asshole, Oh yes...tongue-fuck my ass.

My screams of desire seemed to spur Darren on to even greater heights of passion as he slam-fucked Darlas gaping asshole.  Ten, eleven, twelve times he pounded, pounded, pounded her butt; withdrawing only to catch his breath.  Her bottom opened wide, flowing lubricant and butt juice into my sucking mouth.

Im eating shit and ass cream from a womans asshole, I thought, but without the disgust my normal brain would perceive.

I watched the big, black dick penetrate her again and again...causing my lusty roommate to sing her desire into my open cunt.  Darrens long, black boner made a mockery of my known sex life.

So long...So fat...SO GOOD, I dreamed of this mighty, dark tool taking my butt cherry.

FUCK MY ASS YOU BLACK BASTARD, Darla screamed for the entire world to hear.  Her lust was beyond containment.  She didnt care who knew that she needed that fat black dick.  Oh fucking hell...thats it...thats it...thats it...cum, cum, cum...cum in my ass you nasty boyyyyyyyyyyyyy.

Our black stallion rammed her hard, hard, harder, and harder still; trying to force his whole body into Darlas asshole.

Oh you fucking, nasty white bitch, he shouted his orgasm, Oh you fucking bitch, take my cum load up your fine white ass.

I could see his floppy, hairless balls draw up tight to his body as he fired volley after volley of black mans sperm into my friends butt.  His legs trembled and his grip relaxed, as his huge black serpent plopped out of Darlas asshole and landed squarely between my eyes.  The stench was retched, but somehow exciting.  I took his long black tool into my mouth; cleaning and sucking and nursing any remaining jism and ass juice from the magical penis...the pleasure giver...the baby maker...the dick of death...or life, depending on your perspective.

Just as I finished licking Darrens cock clean from his ass-fucking adventure, Darla let loose a mighty, wet, sloppy fart.  The cum that our boy had fucked up her asshole gushed out, flooding my face and swamping my mouth with a salty, musky mess of semen and butt sauce.

Oh yeah Annie, Darla gasped as I formed a vacuum around her open, pulsing asshole with my lips, Oh girl...suck my shit...eat my ass, she begged.

At that moment we became one.  Darla and I were sluts.  Total, complete, utter sluts.  We needed dick.  Black, white, yellow, green, purple...it didnt matter, we needed daily doses of throbbing, hard dick.  Cock.  Boners.  Penis.  And, when a boy wasnt available, or usable, we relied on each other to supply dick.  College was going to be fun!


Chapter III

After that first afternoon with Darren, Darla and I became inseparable.  We fucked together, we slept together, we studied together, we showered together, just inseparable.  Darren and a few of his equally dark, handsome and endowed friends became our regular fuck toys.  Darla had me rapidly becoming as insatiable as she; constantly craving that dark dick and thick, salty semen to go with daily servings of warm, sweet pussy.

But through all the sex, all the amazing orgasms and messy cum shots, I still felt the need to have my very own penis.  I marveled at how Darren swung his stick.  I could almost feel his power and strength as I watched him fuck Darla senseless.

Cmon Darren, fuck her harder, I commanded our boy stud, pushing and pulling his firm black ass faster and harder into my roommates spasming cunt, do it boy, do it.

Oh Annie...oh fuck me Annie, Darla knew I was controlling our boy.  He was only an extension of my sex-crazed mind.

Take it you bitch, take my big cock, I growled my passion for my lusty friend as Darren arched his back and unloaded his monster cum wad into her sloppy hole.

Like a well practiced and oiled team, we shifted positions so I could eat that salty load from Darlas inviting pussy as she gently, lovingly, cleaned the mess from Darrens dick.

You two are some freaky-assed bitches, our toy groaned approvingly as he watched my face become slick with his cum and Darlas creamy juice, gonna have to get you a strap-on Annie so you can fuck this fat ho.

A what? the light bulb over my head must have been visible to my fuck buddies, a strap-on?  Do they make those?

Do they make those? I asked while blowing cum bubbles through my slick lips, Youre talking about a dildo, right?

Darren moved behind me as I sucked any remnants of his prodigious jizz wad from Darla, Yeah bitch, a dildo you wear like a dick, he explained as he opened my asshole with his fat cock head.  So you can do this to your dyke girlfriend, he sneered as his thick member ran up my tight white butt.

Oh you black fucker.

You want this bitch, you want it as much as I do, he was getting to know my newly opened rosebud with increasing frequency, and he knew that I now adored his warm dick inside my butt.

Oh you nasty black fucker...do it...fuck my white ass with your big black dick...fuck it nice and hard Darren, I pled for my boy toy to use me.

It was only two weeks prior that Darla, Darren and his friends had burst my butt cherry.  The event was one of the most painful experiences of my life, butt (pun intended) well worth the effort and discomfort.  The first time Vandel--the brother who split me open--shoved his wide, hard, dark dick into my ass I thought I would die.  Only after some serious coaching from my roomy and fuck friends was I able to relax and eventually enjoy being butt-fucked.

And now, here I am a couple weeks later begging Darren to rip me open.  To pummel and pound my loosened asshole.  To shoot in me that bitter-sweet cream, so that Darla can suck it from my slick butt and feed it to me in a kiss.

Oh you nasty bitch, I yelled at our toy.

Who you calln bitch, bitch, Darren yelled back as he slapped my ass cheeks red and raw; fucking harder and harder; forcing my face deeper into Darlas cunt, Take it you freaky ho, take my dick up yo ass.

My god I love this, was all I could think as I felt his big black fucker swell and unleash another of his incredibly massive cum wads into my stretched and ruined butt.

Oh yeah baby, fill my tight ass...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I moaned as he put his seed where it didnt belong.

Faster than I could blink, Darla and Darren switched ends, and I was cleaning Darrens shit-stained dick with my lily white lips as Darla began sucking and soothing my ravaged hole with her tongue.

As I tasted my musk from Darrens softening dick and while Darla brought me closer and closer to orgasm with her oral talent, all I could think of was wearing a dick and fucking girls silly.  My minds eye was vision upon vision of one girl after another succumbing to my power and masterful skill wielding a big, hard, black dick.  I had to have it.  I had to find my dick, and Darla would be my practice field.

Oh yeah Dar....eat my ass...suck my dirty hole you nasty whore, I let out a long groan and came on my friends face before passing out with visions of dildo fucking her to paradise.


Chapter IV

Are we gay Annie? my roommate inquired, somehow less sure of herself than when she first suckered me into these insane sex games, I mean it.  Do you think were gay for each other?

Do you like dick?

Yeah, but...you know...the other stuff, she was sounding whiney now.  Concerned that eating cum from my cunt or ass was somehow wrong.

I had tossed off all my mid-west values by this point; so completely consumed by sex...as often as I could get it...the dirtier, the nastier, the better, So what?  What if were dykes?  I love your pussy and boobs and ass.  Do you want me to stop?

No, its not that, but...

So, then get over here and eat my pussy, I giggled as I lewdly spread my legs wide and pulled open my cunt.

Darla dropped in front of me and began urgently licking my excited hole, Thats it baby.  See, youre not gay after all, you just like my cunt, I giggled as my roommate brought me to a quick climax.

No Annie, youre wrong...I think I love your cunt, she confessed, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, I think I kinda...well...I kinda love you.

Oh shit Darla, I said with real surprise.  Now it was my turn to be confused about my own sexuality. I thought we were just fuck buddies?

My mind was going a mile a minute.  What had been just naughty, deviant, sexy fun, seconds before was now a watershed event.  Did I care that way for Darla, I pondered as I watched my chubby, dark-haired roommates eyes well-up with tears.  She was embarrassed and humiliated that I wasnt responding; only staring at her, unbelieving.  Darla was shaking a bit.  Her face still slick with my cunt juice as her tears started to flow.

Then a voice from somewhere in outer space spoke, Its ok Darla, I think I love you too.

Holy shit, who said that? my mind was screaming for me to run, but instead Darla fell into my arms and we kissed.

Youre gonna be my best girl, arent you Dar? I whispered to my lover.

We both settled down a bit and discussed exactly what our new revelation meant in the grand scheme of this.  No, no...I still want to play our other games, we laughed to each other at almost the same time.

Whew, I thought, what a relief, cause I sure dont want to give up dick.

Well, should we go celebrate? I suggested.

Sure, whore we going to blow, Darla laughed.

Hmmm, I was thinking about something a little different, I was blushing furiously as I spouted-out my newest kinky desire, lets get a dick for me and a girl for us both to share.

I guess we really are gay, huh?

We may as well find out, I giggled to my girlfriend.


Chapter V

I called Darren and made our apologies that Darla and I would not be available all weekend.  He was a bit pissed that his regular hos werent available.

So what the fuck am I supposed to do all weekend?  My dick needs lovin every day, you know that Annie, Darren half whined and half looking for suggestions to relieve his pent-up splooge.

I gave Darren a couple suggestions for his weekend, which he seemed to like, And honey, I promise to get the whole thing on video, I promised our number-one fuck toy.

Darla and I drove into the city and soon found the sex toy store Darren told us about.  The neighborhood was bad, really bad.  Pimps and crack-whores, dealers, hustlers, and other petty criminals abounded.  Dar and I were both terrified, but simultaneously aroused by the danger; two white girls in this sea of black thugs.  Our adventure was just beginning.

Where are you and why are you here Darla, I narrated from behind the lens of a video camera, cmon bitch, why are you here!

Im in my girlfriends car, parked outside an adult bookstore in a very bad part of the city.  Were here to by her a dick so she can fuck me senseless, Darla burst into a fit of giggles and laughs.

Some of the passing low-lifes looked on, like caged animals at a zoo, wondering who these tourists were with their expensive video camera.

How big do you want your girlfriends dick to be baby? I continued taping and playing the role of interviewer.

This big, Dar said, holding her hands about a foot apart, and this fat, she held her fingers in a circle the size of a beer can.  I want her to fuck me better than any boy.

Do you know youre a nasty slut?

I hope so. Darla giggled furiously

Show me how excited you are, show me your pussy.

Darla lifted her short, denim skirt to reveal her sodden, cotton panties and slick thighs.  She crudely pulled the panty gusset to the side and exposed her wet, swollen cunt to the camera, Is this hot enough for you Annie?  Look at how wet I am for you, she said with a naughty grin.

Darla, you nasty, nasty slut.

I hope so, Dar responded this time with a breathless, needy inflection to her voice.

We quickly left the car and entered the confines of this palace of unabashed lust and graphic pornography.  The place stank of cheap disinfectant and semen; a strangely erotic, sensual smell.  I immediately noticed a spaced-out, suicide blonde sitting on a stool by the cash register.  She had the far away look of too many drugs and too many fucks.  The girl was for all purposes, nude, wearing only a sheer pink baby doll nightie.

Crack whore, up close and personal, I thought briefly, but unwilling to let her pathetic lot to bring me off my sexual high.

Hi, I said to the painted girl, are you the sales girl?

No baby, Im a booth girl, Tiffany, she responded in a slurred, half-conscious voice, Do you wanna watch me jerk-off?

Just then, the clerk appeared.  He was old and dirty.  The man had the appearance of too much booze over a life-time of heavy drinking: muddy eyes, yellow, jaundiced skin, and a total lack of control for the shakes in his battered hands.  He tried his best to be the proper host to his suburban guests.  He shushed Tiffany away and made excuses for the state of the place.

Were undergoing renovations, he lied, Now what can I do for you fine ladies?

Thanks, but wed like to have her wait on us, I said, referring to the skinny girl in the see-through nightie.

Stuck-up cunts, the alchy uttered as he went back to whatever.

Darla was relieved as the old drunk let us be.  But, the other customers were all eyes as I asked Tiffany about sex toys, Have you ever fucked a girl?

I licked a few gashes, she replied harshly.

Well...we want...I mean, were looking for... now I was the one unsure of how to ask the question.  I glanced towards a wall display of dildos as I tried to find the words.

You want a dildo to fuck her with, Tiffany nodded towards Darla.

Yes! I exclaimed.

Strap-on, or hand-held? the pale whore said with a detached voice.

A strap-on, please, I swear I started to blush, but realized this girl/woman had probably seen it all and done it all.

The whacked-out, slutty woman showed us their collection, I like this one because it doesnt slip while youre fucking, she explained some of the finer points of lesbian dildo sex.  Also, it has a hole here, she pointed out another feature, so you can strap-on a second dildo that goes up your own cunt while youre fucking...it gets you both off.

Darla and I were getting really weirded-out, but strangely turned-on by this whole adventure.  The girl bent over to pick up another toy for us to look at, and as she did a large blob of semen leaked out of her ass.

Whoops, she gasped; reaching between her legs and catching the sloppy glob of cum before it could drip on the floor.  Teddy was a bad boy and didnt wear his raincoat, she smiled as she licked her fingers clean and winked at a large, older, black man who was casually looking at a porno magazine.

Darla and I gasped slightly as the girl again wiped her ass with her fingers and held up another glistening blob of cum, Wanna lick?

Before I could stop Darla, she leaned forward and licked the girls fingers free of the shit-streaked semen.  My girlfriend shook, as what must have been a little, bursting climax coursed through her from the very nastiness of the act she preformed.  Her audience was appreciative.  All the men in the place watched her be a slut, I loved it, the men with raging boners loved it, and even Tiffany loved it.

Theres probably more inside if you want some, Tiffany teased Darla, her demeanor suddenly changing from bored, worn-out whore, to an excited slut.

Oh god yes, Darla groaned.

Tiffany grabbed Dar by the hand and led her towards a small door labeled Staff Only.  Tiffany wiggled her leaking butt in my direction, You coming honey? she knew I was coming...or at least hoped to be cumming shortly.

The room was actually a small six-by-six cubicle, the floor heavily padded and with various pillows scattered about.  Tiffany immediately placed her hands high on the wall to the right of the door and thrust her ass out towards Dar and me.

Get on your knees and kiss my ass baby girl, the young whore instructed my girlfriend before looking at me and suggesting, And why dont you get undressed honey.

This whole scene was just too fucking hot.  I was out of my top and jeans before you could say, Eat my cunt...bitch.

Do you mind if I tape this, I almost begged permission, as I watched Darla start to kiss and lick the soft, alabaster-white cheeks of the whores butt.

Tiffany laughed, Let me guess, college girls out doing a little experimenting...maybe a class project...hmm?

I blushed a little, Yeah, well...guilty as charged...experimenting.  So?

Sure honey, tape away, the girl began moaning as Darla circled her tongue and lips closer and closer towards Tiffanys leaking hole.  Just make sure you get some good close-ups of the cock snot running out of my asshole, she directed with delightful crudeness.

As soon as Tiffany made her disgusting request, the entire wall opposite the door started to rise.  Two huge, really huge, black men were revealed through a clear plastic partition.  They stood staring at our little dyke-a-thon in the cubicle while stroking their long, fat dicks.

Oh shit, I gasped upon seeing our audience, while scurrying to cover-up.

Relax baby, they cant get in.  They just want to watch the whore was very nonchalant as she picked-up a phone on the wall, and one of the men did the same with a phone on their side of the partition.

Hi baby...Un huh...what kind of tip are you going to give me...no, no, nice try but itll need to be more than that...ok, a hundred bucks, Tiffany spoke into the phone.  Honey, be a dear and take the money from Teddy and Jerome, she instructed me to grab the cash that the large black buck was pushing through a small hole.

Tiffany pushed Darla onto her back, Open wide baby, just let it flow into your mouth, but dont swallow right away, the whore instructed Dar as she squatted over my lovers face.  Darla let out a loud moan as one long, slimy, viscous string of jism ran out of the whores swollen, red butthole and went directly into her mouth.  I was beside myself with lust; zooming-in to capture the large puddle of cum filling my girlfriends willing cavity.

Make sure you get this baby, Tiffany was all business as she flexed her asshole and one last, tan colored blob of goo escaped her butt and coated Darlas face, swallow it all honey, eat Teddys cum like a good girl.

My camera was focused tight of Darlas face.  Her eyelids fluttered as she closed her mouth and swallowed the filthy mess and moaned with lusty desire for more.  She got her wish.  Tiffany immediately sat firmly on her face; grinding her open butt and flowing pussy onto my friends eager tongue.

Oh yeah baby, eat my ass.  Eat my pussy, Tiffanys tone changing from a detached, play-acting whore to excited lover.

Darlas groans were muffled by Tiffanys cunt, as the skinny whore bent to lick my roomies fragrant, sloppy cunt.  They sixty-nined until both were humping and bucking through one climax after another.  The sounds and smells of pussy, butt, cheap whore perfume, and womanly cries of desire filled the tight space.  I wanted to frig myself raw as I panned back and forth, and zoomed in and out to capture the passion and release of the whore and the college girl.  But, being the lousy cameragirl that I am, I had to keep both hands on the video.

Tiffany raised her head briefly, Make sure you get the money shot baby, she gasped, gesturing towards the men masturbating on the other side of the partition.

I quickly panned the camera over towards Teddy and Jerome, who were beating their cocks furiously.  Jerome went first; aiming his fat dick high on the clear partition and blasting five large squirts of creamy sperm.  His love sauce clung heavily to the glass wall and then the goo began slowly, slowly dribbling down, down, down in a slimy white mess.  Teddy was only seconds behind, and I could hear his loud groan as his dick turned into a fire hose and bathed the plastic with close to a half pint of his baby seed.

Good God, no wonder there was so much cum in Tiffanys butt, I thought in wonder as the camera captured every throb and twitch of that beautiful black dick while it painted the partition an almost opaque white.

Tiffany whispered something to Darla, and my friend left the cubicle.  I was shocked and about to protest when the whore dropped to her knees in front of me and motioned for me to tape her, Im going to eat your cunt and your friend is going to clean the other side of the booth.  Just make sure you get her on tape.

I focused on the other side of the booth, where Teddy and Jerome were sitting back on a bench; their pants around their ankles.  Darla entered about the same time Tiffanys tongue went up my cunt.

Oh fuck, I groaned, trying hard to concentrate on my duties as cameragirl.

Teddy grabbed Darla by her dark hair and forced her to her knees in front of the slimy wall.  I could see, but couldnt hear what he said to my slut friend, but with a breath, she was cleaning the filthy wall with her tongue and mouth.  This was one of the more disgusting, perverse things Id ever witnessed, and one of the most exciting.  Darla was in cum heaven as she slurped and sucked all the goo.  And then, when there was not much more than saliva and a few remaining streaks of cock juice, she wiped the wet glass with her big, t-shirt covered boobs.

Ahhh eat my hole you whore, I demanded of the skinny blonde who was busily munching my pussy, Im cumming...Im cumming.

When I panned back over to Darla, she was on her knees between Teddy and Jerome.  She sucked one, then the other.  She was pumping their dicks like a woman possessed; her face still shiny from Tiffanys juice, and her mouth a slobbering, wet mess.  The front of Dars shirt was transparent from using her chest as a cum rag.  My slut girlfriend had her eyes rolled back, slobbering over the two large pieces of man meat before her.

Tiffany grabbed a strap-on cock from under a pillow and started buckling it onto my hips as I videoed Darla bringing the objects of her black lust back to full hardness.  Obviously, her cock sucking talents were fully appreciated by Jerome, as he suddenly stopped skull-fucking her and pulled his slick dick from her stretched mouth.  He blasted her face, mouth and hair with a mighty load, and then dick-slapped her sticky face with his softening prick.

Cmon and fuck me, Tiffany demanded.  She stood and placed her hands on the plastic partition, as Teddy led Darla into a similar position on the other side.

I had a bit of trouble trying to hold the camera and get the unfamiliar device jutting from pelvis in action.

Here, hold this for a sec, I said, handing Tiffany the camera.  I lined-up the fat head of the fake dick with her pussy and began pushing forward.

Honey, theres lube under the pillow to your right, Tiffany was telling me not to go in dry.

Duh, I thought as I squirted the slippery lube onto my dick, My dick!  MY DICK! You have things to learn about fucking Annie...and learn you will. I promised myself as I stood jacking my dick before taking the plunge into this whores cunt.

Darla screamed out...actually, more of a very loud, drawn-out, verbal moan, Ohhhhhh Mister...Ohhhhh not there...Mister youre too big for my asshole, she pled.

Im sure the whole store and a good portion of the city outside heard her protests.  But, as I watched and Tiffany taped, Teddy put his big black dick right up to the hilt in Dars broad white ass.  Darlas face was contorted in a grimace of pain, concentration and passion.  Her fingers were desperately trying to grasp the smooth plastic of the wall as the tall beast behind her broke new ground inside her willing body.

Oh fuck Mister, she wailed again, split my ass open with your big black cock.  FUCK MY EIGHTEEN YEAR-OLD ASSHOLE RAW!

God, what a slut, I grinned to myself, as I began working my dick into Tiffany.

Holy shit, Tiffany exclaimed, she took Teddy up her butt in one go.  Not many girls can do that on the first try.

Somehow I felt proud of Darla.  She was a true slut.  My lover was able to take the dick--that if it was an inch, it was a foot--right up her asshole in one long push by the barrel-chested man.  Teddy started a slow, inch-by-inch, fuck of my roomys butthole.  I did my best to mimic Teddys masterful strokes with my dick inside Tiffany.

Thats it baby, nice and smooth...work up to it...yeah...yeah...oh fuck yeah, Tiff was getting into my rhythm, or maybe she was setting the pace for me, a little faster now...yeah, thats it...daddy makes baby feel sooooo good...oh yeah.

Tiffany leaned her face towards the scummy plastic wall and she and Darla shared a kiss of sorts, as they each took their fuck.

I watched Teddy and tried to keep pace with him.  He would shove hard, I shoved hard.  He would slap Darlas ass, I slapped Tiffanys ass.  He would pull Darlas hair, I pulled Tiffanys hair.  He grabbed Darlas hip firmly in his big black hands and pounded, pounded, pounded her, I did the same to my slut.

Fuckin white bitch...take my load in your ass, he hollered in a rich baritone voice, loud enough for the entire block to hear.  He had his head thrown back, and eyes shut tight, as he hosed Darlas rectum with Teddy cream.

Fuckin white bitch...take my load in your cunt, I yelled in my higher-pitched wail, but with veracity equal to my co-fucker.

Darla shouted her desire to be used as a whore, YES, YES...fill my white ass with cum.

Daddy, daddy...fuck your baby...cummmmming...cummmmmmmmming, Tiffany was into the game too as she creamed my dick in time with Darlas climax.

You whore, you nasty fucking whore...cumming all over your daddys prick, I played the game as I collapsed on Tiffs back.

Teddy was whispering something to Darla, and she was nodding slowly, agreeing to whatever the large man told her.  I picked up the camera and started taping again.  I was right to assume our fun was over, when Tiffany handed me my t-shirt and grabbed the camera from me.

Get dressed for me honey, she asked politely.

I had a hard time not laughing my ass off at the absurdity of this scene.  The whore gets turned on by watching women get dressed. I grinned to myself.

I removed the harness and dick ever so slowly, and made a show of licking Tiffanys juice from the long black dildo.  She seemed to really enjoy this, asking, Does daddy like babys cream?  I have to admit, I did.  Her cunt flavor was truly delicious.

Mmmmmm, I want it from the source though baby.

Daddy will have to wait til later because babys pussy is all worn out, she teased me by opening her legs and showing me her pretty, engorged hole.

After pulling on my t-shirt, I glanced at Darla and Teddy.  Dar was still nodding to whatever Teddy was whispering to her, but now she had a look of fear and uncertainty on her face.

Oh dont worry honey, the whore had followed my gaze and was watching the large black man whispering to Darla, hes just turning her out.

Hes what?  What do you mean, I questioned.

I soon found out when another black buck entered Darlas side of the cubicle and whipped-out his dick.  Teddy pulled out of Darlas ass and obviously commanded her to suck-off this new player...she did.  Like an obedient whore, she dropped to her knees and blew the cock before her.  In mere minutes my roommates pretty white face and eager mouth were being hosed-down by another heavy load of man cream.

Damn, she must be a really great cocksucker, Sam never cums that quick, Tiffany said as we watched Darla scoop the jism clinging to her cheeks into her hungry mouth.

Sam threw two, twenty dollar bills at Darla before leaving.  Dar gave one to Teddy and stuffed the other into her bra.  Tiffany grinned from ear-to-ear as he watched Darla become another of Teddys bitches.  She knew how to suck a dick, thats for sure.  Darla blew four more men--three black and one white--after Sam left.  Each time, gleefully taking the cum shot in her mouth and splitting the forty bucks with Teddy.

Darren was right about her, Tiff startled me a bit as she mentioned my fuck-buddys name.

Huh?  What?  You know Darren?

Of course silly, hes Teddys kid. The whore said as we watched Darla lick the semen that had leaked from her asshole off the floor.

Son-of-a-bitch set us up, I was angry.  But my anger faded quickly as I saw Teddy pimp-slap Darla for a bigger cut of the money she had made as a dick-smoker.

Shes a nasty slut, isnt she? Tiffany seemed happy to be part of turning a horny college girl into a paid whore.

I smiled at Tiffany, Yeah...Yeah she is a filthy, nasty whore.

I began buckling the dildo harness around my hips.

What?  Again?  I told you my pussy was worn out daddy, Tiffany protested my renewed lust.

I want your ass bitch.  Daddy wants to fuck you in the ass, I growled while lubing the big plastic dick jutting from my loins.

My skinny blonde whore seemed impressed by my new aggressiveness.  She got down on all fours and arched her skinny butt towards me, Do it hard.  Really, really hard.  Make me scream daddy.  Make me yours.

Who was I to deny a whore a nice hard ass-fuck?  She wailed as I slammed my dick in her mushy asshole.  She screamed as I pounded her butt into the floor.  And, she cried out her desire for her daddy to do it harder as she climaxed from my mighty dick in her butthole.

I stood and commanded Tiffany to clean my cock, which she did, just as any obedient whore would.  I felt the power of penis.  I now knew the mindset of a man who possessed the staff of life...the dick of death.

I am a goddess...I am a daddy, I thought, as Tiffany looked up at me submissively, I have the power of the penis.

Yeah baby, lick Daddys dick, I half sneered at the whore kneeling before me, suck it all nice and clean.

My only regret was that I couldnt give this slut--or other girls--the cream.  I didnt have cock juice.  Tiffany lifted my balls and began licking my clit, as if she understood what I was thinking.

Give me your juice Daddy, she begged, before trying to stuff her face into my cunt, give me all your juice...cum on my face daddy.

Once again, I couldnt deny my slut.  I was having an excellent climax in this whores face as the partition was closing.  Darla winked at me while trying to milk another load from another man, as I clutched Tiffanys head in my hands and pulled her tight to my pussy.

Suck my cunt you filthy whore, it was my turn to roar, and roar I did, eat my hole bitch...faster, faster...harder, harder.

Twenty minutes later Darla and I were driving towards a dyke bar that Tiff told us about.  We had a few hundred dollars worth of toys, that Teddy gave to us (turns out he is the owner of the bookstore), Dar still had an ass full of cum, and I was ready to fuck any girl, any time with my new dick.

That was so fun, Darla...whore Darla exclaimed.

Yeah, it was, but I wasnt content to let the fun end, Why dont you suck my dick while I drive.

Darla was my whore now.  Teddy told me I would be a great, master pimp, and I intended proving him right.  As Darla bobbed her mouth up-and-down on my plastic prick, I thought of how exciting it will be to turn-out other girls.  To have them take my dick in whatever way I choose, and then have them go make me my money.

Ahhh, the power of the penis, my mind awash in visions of debauchery, sluts and whores.

Suck Daddy nice baby, I told my first whore, my lover, my roommate as I stuffed a finger in her cunt, suck me real nice baby and Ill give you a good, hard fuck.

Darla moaned.

I have the power now...the power of penis.

