HELLO FRIENDS i am abdul hasan and bank manager working in a
national bank of repute in lahore pakistan . u must have read mi
story about mi fucking mi mom and mi sister in same bedroom and
before each other and the rest of the story was left for next part
something somewhere has changed and i want to tell u now.

i am now forty five started fucking mother at the tender age of 15
and sister too at same age and become mi habit of fucking . after
about 15 years .....mi sister (she got married to one of the most
handsome guy in bank where mummy was working) i got married at the
age of 30 with a girl belonging to one of the richest family in
lahore,.S he brought with her beauty and money in flow .the mother
recognised the cost of her beautiful pussy by making it note
spinning machine we were the richest among the bank workers. mom got
me appointed in the bank as offficer and i progressed on the behest
of mi mom. let the chapter of mom be over now i was with mi
beautiful wife i use to pound her daily the result being mi wife
delivered a beautiful baby girl in the first year of our marriage.
time went on i used mi mom for mi further promotions and mi wife
merely looked on she never participated in our love game but never
objected tooo........

time went on and mi daughter become a beautiful blonde at the age of
when teenagers are 16 and her beautiful body grew with time. mi wife
fell ill and was hospitalised........for fifteen days she become too
weak that even people around her were not able to recognise her. but
mi lust went on. now mi eyes were on mi daughter after all she was
mi own product i wanted to use her and i was looking for time i met
doctors for shifting of mi wife to some nursing home
tooooooooooooooooooooooo far. i was successful in this mission and
mi wife was sent to murry for recuopment of her health.

we both father and daughter remained here. after few days one day i
tried mi luck with mi daughter and brought home few vcds about
daughter father relation about sex. and also some filthy books ion
urdu and english were placed in mi room . mi daughter use to roam in
rooms and study like that . her looking changed i think so as her
face become livbely when she see me it was probabaly the charisma of
blue movies and filthy books she wanted to close with me even in
night whereeever she use to sleep alone for fifteen years and now
want to sleep with me this change made me happy and overjoyous.

one night the deathday she was with me in the room where as i
started asking her she had any boyfriend or not she denied and
further asked whether she feels and remember mummy or not she noded
yes she feel loniliness at home and she wants i sud remain home. i
took leave from mi office and took her to pleasure trip. in the
hotel as she was sleeping with me i intentionally touched her body
and turn her around face to face with me. she gladly changed i
opened her upper buttons for having a look at her evergrowing boobs
and touched her boobs she was smiling and feeling it nice i opened
her upper dress kameez and she was now with me in bra only i opened
her bra too and she was naked before me .

i sucked her boobs onnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn to which
she never objected and was feeling fine.i slide down mi hand in her
salwar and touched her shaven pussy. she opened her legs for me. i
fingered mi hand in her pussy and touched her ass too. she herself
opened her salwar and she was totally naked before me and insisted
that she wanted to see mi dick opened mi jip and took out mi dick in
her hand and started suckjing her likewisae is shown in blue films.i
opened her pussy wide open and placed mi dick on the opening of
jannat door and pushed she said ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh dad
dont do this pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee but kept on smiling and
enjoying the fucking.

her ohhhhhhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhhhh aouch didnot deter me from fucking her
and was eager to make mi mission successful. and i was successful in
making it. she was fully satisfied and mi cum took in her mouth and
i licked and sucked mi daughters pussy to her satisfation. now it is
mi daughter whom is mi wife and in 45 years life has made me
successful in making mi mom sister and daughter mi sex partners
alongwith mi wife. but this is not the end this abdul hasan promise
u to be with another beautiful happening of his life fucking mi
mother in law. till then please wait this licking sucking went on
till mi cumming i didnot tried firstly for a fuck and in the morning
i wanted her to fuck. she agreed



