Will She Or Won't She?
By cielbleu

Will She Or Won't She? Pt. 01

We stumble upon a wet t-shirt contest, she hesitates.

It was in the mid 2000's. I had been attending yet another software trade show, this time in the city of New Orleans, which neither she or I had never visited. I had asked her to fly out to meet me here for the weekend, before heading back together to our home in Montreal.

Warm, humid, but pleasant evening weather. We had strolled down the streets, seen the sights, eaten a good dinner with a bottle of wine. I could tell she was happily buzzed as she held my hand, walking through the French Quarter back towards the Hilton. Even though it wasn't the time of Mardi Gras, Bourbon street was rowdy and fun, some tit-flashing and bead throwing going on around us. Watching this, she giggled and squeezed my arm. She seemed amused by it, and I remembered some sexy stories she had told me of her college days, before our life together.

"Want to go into one of these places for a last drink?" I said as we were walking past a noisy bar, under a second floor balcony where more bead throwing was going on. "We can't leave this town without drinking at least one of these Hurricanes."

She didn't answer but smiled and tightened her grip on my hand again, walking through the entrance.

We felt a bit out of place in this noisy bar, both of us in our mid-thirties amongst the crowd of overexcited college kids. Standing at the back of the room, in a darker area with some stools and small bar tables, sipping our way-too-sweet drinks from large plastic cups. I stood behind her, one arm around her waist, her ass rubbing against the front of my jeans as she swayed gently to the music, watching the young crowd. Her eyes had her usual sweet sparkle, but there was something else. A mix of the happiness of being in the moment, plus a hint of mischievousness. I loved it. I loved her.

A fat guy wearing an orange t-shirt with the bar's logo and holding a mike came out on the elevated stage area at the front of the room. He announced that their famous wet t-shirt contest was about to start, and contestants should make their way up to join him. The room erupted in wild cheers. Another guy was stacking pitchers of iced water on a table on the stage, as giggling and screaming young girls started walking up the steps to the stage, maybe a dozen of them.

She looked ever more amused and excited by this and was shaking a little bit as I held her. I kissed the small downy hairs at the back of her neck and said in her ear: "You should join in. These young guys would love seeing a beautiful MILF like you outshine all of their silly screaming girlfriends."

She didn't answer but blushed furiously, her smile turning into a grin as my hand went up to cup one her beautiful grapefruit sized breasts over her t-shirt. I could tell she was intrigued. This was like some of the stories she had told me of her wilder years. Possibly some of these stories she had made up, knowing the effect they had on our mutual excitement. Whatever. True or not, they worked.

"Go on", I said, "I know you want to." She was hesitating still, turning her head around to look into my eyes. Setting my plastic cup on the table I was leaning on, I removed my other arm from around her waist and caressed the small of her back under the t-shirt. I felt her shiver.

Sliding both of my hands up to her shoulder blades. Fumbling for the clasp of her bra, I just unhooked it then brought my hands slowly back to her waist. She turned around, a look of excitement, fear, and love in her beautiful brown eyes. Setting her own drink next to mine on the table, she did that magical thing women can do of pulling the shoulder straps off through her sleeves, and pulled her black bra up through the neck of her t-shirt. She put it in her purse which was next to us on the table, grabbed me by the belt and kissed me deeply, her tongue probing mine. She turned around, took a few steps away from me towards the stage then stopped. I was watching. She was still facing away, hesitating yet not turning back. Was this too much for her?

After about ten seconds, she turned around and walked back to our table. She picked up her drink, gulped it all down in a few swallows. Set the empty cup back on the table. Stepped a few feet away from me again, stopped. Turned to face me. Every pair of eyes was focused on the antics on the bright stage at the other end the room. Even in this crowded bar we were in our own little world in our darker corner.

With a look of lust, and excitement mixed with shame in her eyes, she reached for the hem of that cute short black skirt she was wearing and which I loved so. I hadn't seen her wear it in a long time but it was certainly appropriate to the weather, and the circumstances.

Lifting the edges of her skirt, her eyes locked into mine, she slowly slid her panties down her legs, and stepped out of them. Smoothed her skirt. With a shy smile, she tossed her panties to me and turned around to walk through the crowd that was whistling and cheering at the girls on the stage.

Her panties were the cute cotton ones, with the blue and white horizontal stripes. I kept them in my hand as she walked up the small but steep flight of steps to the stage. The MC held his hand out to help her up as the cheering increased. My hard-on was painful in my jeans as I watched her butt cheeks peek out ever so slightly from under her skirt with each step she took up the stairs. Sparkling in the reflection of the bright spotlights, I could see a drop of liquid slowly starting to trickle down her thigh.


Will She Or Won't She? Pt. 02 - She Did!

Wet t-shirt contest? She goes for it.

The MC guy led Nathalie by the hand to some room behind the stage, where apparently the contestants were changing into the t-shirts provided by the club. Some of the girls were already coming back out, giggling and screaming, tits bouncing under the thin white cotton of the cheap shirts. They seemed to be all in their very early twenties, a college-age crowd.

You could tell that some of the girls had been through this before. Some had modified the t-shirts by cutting away the bottom end, making them into crop tops. Some had tied them in a knot in the middle to turn them into more of a bikini top. Some were wearing jeans, some were wearing shorts, a few were wearing short skirts.

Nathalie came back out in turn, the last one to join the group on the stage. She was simply wearing the t-shirt in a normal way, very tight over her beautifully round boobs, hard nipples poking through. Grapefruit size, I think I mentioned that. Florida Ruby Red to be more specific. She was still blushing, and other than the fact that her skirt was nicely short her appearance at first glance looked less racy than that of most of the other girls. I don't think anyone had clued in about what she was or was not wearing under that little black skirt, perhaps some of the lucky guys and girls closer to the front of the stage had noticed as she climbed up.

Then one after the other, the girl's shirts were soaked through with ice-cold water from the pitchers as they screamed and yelled, sticking their chests out, to wild cheering from the room. As they were soaked, they moved in turn to dance closer to the front of the stage, stretching the t-shirts over their tits. One of the girls wearing shorts unzipped her fly and pulled down her shorts to show her panties.

I moved closer to the stage to watch Nathalie dance. She was doing this very gracefully, her arms up and her butt gyrating like the go-go dancers from the sixties. As she was doing this, her back to the stage, the swishing of her skirt would cause her butt cheeks to peek out, one after the other. Some of the guys and girls in the front rows seemed to have clued in that she was pantyless, pointing it out to one another, cheering her on. But I could tell she was still keeping a pretense that her flashing was accidental, if inevitable. Probably more to fool herself than anyone else. Clearly this not quite shameless exposure was turning her on in a major way. Most of the audience probably had not noticed, some definitely did. Certainly those right at the edge of the stage, looking up, could see an occasional flash of pussy or butt.

Nathalie turned around to face the audience, pulling the hem of the t-shirt down to stretch it against her breasts. They were bouncing around very nicely with the beat of the music. She had a dreamlike stare in her half-closed eyes, and still had that cute shy smile on her lips, her face flushed with excitement. All the t-shirts were completely transparent already. Another girl who was wearing jeans opened her fly and folded the front edges down to display her white panties, also wet and transparent, showing the outline of her dark bush. A blonde girl wearing a red miniskirt lifted her hem at the left hip, then the right, showing a cute matching bikini bottom with ribbon ties. She was quite pretty with a round face and a wide smile, and looked slightly older than most, perhaps in her late twenties. I found her more graceful than all the other contestants, except for my Nathalie, who with all of her thirty-nine years was for me the sexiest of the lot, with her shoulder length brown hair, smooth thighs leading up to full round hips, a sexy shade of red in her lipstick, sparkling brown eyes -- and those tits! Happily bouncing, hard nipples pointing straight through that transparent shirt.

The girls each had their turn towards the front of the stage, then went back behind after their dance. The MC asked everyone to cheer the contestants, which we dutifully all did, and then they started to come back out one at a time for a second dance.

When Nathalie came back out, I noticed that her skirt seemed to be shorter. She had probably rolled up the waistband over itself a little, taking about two inches off. This was another trick from her teasing youth she had told me about, she and her friends would do this to their school uniform skirts when they left the school grounds. Now it was higher than mid thigh, and perilously close to baring her pussy.

A few of the girls were taking off their shirts, or ripping them apart. Nathalie just playfully pulled hers up over her breasts briefly, to wild cheers from the crowd, then pulled it down tight again to stretch it. As she danced, the swaying of her skirt made it a slightly more obvious she might be bare under it, but she didn't overdo it. Whatever flashes might happen were mere accidents, no evil intentions here. Any absence of underwear purely coincidental, the modern woman has so many other things on her mind already.

Some of the girls were being eliminated. It seems that keeping on your jeans or dancing like a log was not appreciated by the MCs. Of those that were left, most had removed the t-shirts or torn them up and were now in their panties or bikini bottoms. While she was comparatively overdressed, Nathalie's enthusiastic dancing seemed to win approval. The same could have been said of the red-skirted blonde, who definitely had caught on to Nathalie's little secret and was grinning and clapping her hands as Nathalie danced. Age and experience had taught them both that sometimes, less nudity is more exciting. I'm sure Mies van der Rohe agrees with us.

A new song started, "Come on Eileen" by Dexy's Midnight Runners, which I knew to be a favourite of Nathalie's. The red-skirted blonde climbed on one of the loudspeakers, to wild applause. She lifted up the front of her t-shirt to tuck it behind her neck, her pretty and perky tits pointing proudly up. Nathalie turned to face her and cheer her on as she danced on the speaker. The blonde girl took Nathalie's hand as she danced, and seemed to be coaxing her to come up and join her. She eventually did, being pulled up by one hand while trying to keep her ass somewhat covered by holding down her skirt with the other. Nathalie now started to dance with the blonde girl, arms around her neck, back to the crowd. By now those in the front row had a direct view up Nathalie's skirt. The blonde girl had her hands on Nathalie's ass and was playfully trying to tug up the back of her skirt, and Nathalie quickly took one of her hands back down to hold it. Laughing, the blonde girl then lifted the front of Nathalie's t-shirt behind her neck, like her own, and drew her in for a deep kiss, their breasts squeezed against one another's. By now the cheering from the crowd was deafening.

The blonde girl then spun Nathalie around so that she faced the crowd, and gave a long lick to the back of her neck while playing with her nipples. Nathalie's eyes were closed with, her mouth half open. She was turned on beyond her imagination and mine. Then the blonde girl quickly dropped a hand to lift the front of Nathalie's skirt, fully exposing the brown thatch of her pussy to the whole room (wild cheers and applause from all.) Nathalie didn't open her eyes, and after a few seconds more than absolutely necessary, spun around to kiss the blonde girl again. The girl put her leg between Nathalie's thighs and pulled her towards herself, grabbing her butt cheeks under the skirt. Nathalie started to move her hips up and down, rubbing her pussy over the blonde girl's thigh. Their legs were slick with liquid, from all the water or whatever else.

While still kissing the other girl deeply, Nathalie's left hand went down to the blonde girl's hip and lifted the hem of her red skirt. She twined her finger around the bikini tie, then slowly started to pull on it. The blonde girl was loving it. She pulled on the tie on her other side, and Nathalie spun her around while still holding her end of the bikini bottoms, taking them off from under the other girl's skirt. Nathalie twirled the blonde's bikini in the air over their heads, the other girl laughing as she tried to catch it. Both were on their tiptoes, butts and pussies peeking out from under the skirts. Nathalie turned towards the room and tossed the bikini into the crowd, surprising the blonde who didn't see to mind and reacted by shrieking happily, lifting her own skirt and spinning around, as the song ended. The audience and the MCs loved it. It was clear to anyone than they were the only serious contenders for the prize.

Last round. There were fewer girls left, but most just wiggled and danced and pulled off their t-shirts right away, or stripped altogether. While that's always nice and appreciated, I thought it lacked a little bit of showmanship. Every girl was warmly cheered on, but when the blonde with the red skirt came back out, waving to the crowd, the cheers were much louder in anticipation of some more spectacular performance. But she paused, turned back behind the stage and then came back dragging Nathalie by the hand. Everyone went wild. The music was a bluesy rock, so they started dancing together hand in hand, the blonde leading, with great moves where she would spin Nathalie on herself, causing the skirt to twirl up to her waist, then dipping her backwards while holding on to her tits under the lifted t-shirt with one arm, her other hand lifting Nathalie's over their heads, Nathalie doing a few high kicks at the end of the move. After two or three minutes, another song started. They pulled off each other's t-shirts and threw them away, then climbed back on the speaker.

Nathalie resumed her go-go style dancing, imitated by the blonde, both with their arms high in the air, back to the crowd. There's something extraordinary in the sight of the naked back and shoulders of a girl wearing a short skirt and shoes that cannot be fully explained, so I won't try. They were in sync with each other, it was great to see both skirts swinging left and right, baring the ass cheeks each time. Then the blonde girl spun towards the crowd, knees together, and started crouching down and spreading her legs, revealing a beautiful little muff, carpets matching the drapes. Nathalie seemed to hesitate to do the same, but eventually she did. As she spread her knees, you could see that her pussy lips were swollen, hard nub of her clit peeking out, her muff glistening with beads of liquid, her eyes closed again while she grinned to the cheering crowd.

The blonde then unsnapped the clasp of her skirt and pulled it off altogether, waving it above her head. Nathalie had turned her back to us again, her skirt pulled back down, but her left shoulder and arm were rapidly moving as her hand was at her front. She was fingering herself in front of the whole room! Okay, we couldn't actually see it, but it was wild! After a few seconds her whole body started shaking as she orgasmed, then the song ended and they both stepped down, hugging each other and kissing again.

In the end it was a tie. The MC told them they could split the hundred dollar prize. Some of the other contestants were pouting but most were cheering Nathalie and the blonde. Then they all went backstage again to change. I went back to our table at the back to wait for her, my cock still hard since the beginning of the whole ordeal. I had a feeling that the rest of the night would hold a few more surprises…

