I Talked with Rob
bySabineteas

After the day I spent with the intern, Shawn, I talked to Rob and told him that I didn't feel comfortable with doing things with him, that I didn't trust him at all and that I didn't really want to do anymore with him, especially if I had to keep working there.

So, Rob made me an offer. I could quit my job, and Rob would find a new one, allowing me to leave the company that I was with behind, if I would do one thing for him. But, he would not tell me what the one thing was. I had to agree before I knew what he had in mind. Rob knew that if I agreed I would go through with it, because I had never ever backed down once I said I would do something.

At first I refused because I didn't know what it was Rob wanted me to do, but I was so nervous about Shawn telling people where I worked what I had done with him, getting naked and giving him a blow job that after a few weeks of begging Rob to tell me I just finally agreed.

But Rob then upped the ante. He told me that since I delayed in agreeing that I had three "tasks" to do before I could quit my job but that I didn't have to do them until he got another position.

It took a while but Rob had his resume out and he finally got a new position, paying much more than his last and he gave notice. Once he left and started the new job, I was allowed to give my notice. Rob didn't say a word to me about the "tasks". Right up until the last three weeks that I was working. He had me take each Friday off to clean up my last bit of vacation.

The Thursday night before my first Friday off Rob laid out some of my clothes. He informed me that I would be wearing them on Friday. He put out a nice business suit, thigh high stockings, and a sheer thong. I didn't have any thongs, so he must have bought this one for me. He didn't set out a blouse or a bra either.

The next morning, my first Friday off, he had me get dressed in the clothes, ignoring my protests about no blouse or bra. I finally relented and once I had the clothes on Rob informed me that I was to go the parking ramp for my office, park on the top level of it and call my boss and ask him to meet me at my Tahoe. I was slightly shocked but way back in my hindbrain I was getting excited thinking about it. Then Rob told me what I was to say to my boss.

I had to get him to sit in my Tahoe with me, ask him if he wanted to unbutton my suit jacket and if he did, ask him if there was anything else he wanted. And I was to obey him, my boss.

Christ I was getting horny, just listening to Rob. My boss was a fairly good looking older man. So it wasn't as if it would be a problem for me, other than how embarrassing it would be. I also had to tell him that my offers were only good for that day.聽

Soooo, with a nervous feeling in the pit of my stomach, I walked out to my Tahoe and left. Rob had told me one other thing. If it went far enough, I was to ask my boss if he had a condom, but I didn't care if he did or not. That was really going to make me blush!

So, I drove to work, went in the parking ramp, all the way to the top floor, with a video camera, Rob's last idea for the day. Then, slightly shaking, I called my boss and asked him to meet me on the top floor of the parking ramp, that I had something to ask him that couldn't wait. I waited and he finally arrived. I motioned him into my Tahoe, him in the front passenger seat and me behind the wheel. I turned to face him and I know that he could tell that I didn't have a blouse on. My face got really warm and I knew that I was blushing. He frowned at me.

"All right Beth, what's so important that you had to come here on your day off and that I had to meet you here in the parking ramp?"

I swallowed.

"Do you want to unbutton my suit jacket Mr. Williams?"

"Excuse me?"

I really felt the heat in my face now!

"Do you want to unbutton my suit jacket?"

I was turned in my seat to face him and he looked at me, frowning and then smirked.

"Are you serious about this Beth?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to unbutton it?"

"It's your choice Mr. Williams. I am just making the offer to you."

He grinned and reached over with one hand and I trembled slightly as his fingers worked the button through the buttonhole. The way I was twisted in the seat forced the suit jacket to fall away from my right side and my right tit was in the open, open to Mr. Williams' eyes. His hand was near my lap and he stared at my tit and then he reached up, almost touching it but not quite.

"Do you want me to touch?"

"It's your choice Mr. Williams."

Then I gasped as his hand closed over my tit and nipple and squeezed it.

"Small but very nice Beth. Does it feel good?"

"Ahhh God, yes."

He took his other hand and pushed my suit jacket down my arms, baring both tits and two very hard and erect nipples. He squeezed both of my tits and rolled the nipples, making them even harder and more erect if that was possible. I groaned softly as he mauled my tits.

"Is there anything else, Mr. Williams?"

As I said that, I let the suit jacket slip off my arms and turned so my ass was facing him, kneeling up and the zipper of my skirt showing.

"Are you sure about this Beth?"

"Yes."

I felt his hands go to the fastener on my skirt and undo it then grasp the zipper and pull it down. It seemed to take forever for it to reach the bottom of it. He tugged on my skirt and it pulled past my hips and it pooled around my knees. Then he stroked my mostly bare ass.聽

"Like this Beth?"

"Yes."

"Do you want more you little bitch?"

"If you do sir."

And he pulled my thong down to my knees. His hand went between my legs and cupped my pussy, squeezing it. I gasped. "Why are you here and doing this Beth?"

"I was told to do it."

"Who told you?"

"My husband."

He laughed, I was not sure at what I said or at me. My face was beet red and I was oh so horny!

"What do you want me to do Beth?"

"Whatever you want. My husband told me to do whatever you wanted today, for today only."

"Are you happy with that Beth?"

"No and yes."

"Why no Beth?"

"Because I did not want to be doing this, sir."

"Why?"

"Because I am afraid that you will want to have sex with me sir."

He chuckled.

"Why yes Beth?"

"Because it arouses me to have someone tell me to do things sir."

"Oh, so you like being told what to do, do you, Beth?"

"Yes sir, I do."

"Hand me your suit jacket then, please."

I handed it over, shivering a bit.

"Now please lift up off your knees, Beth."

I did as I was told once more and Mr. Williams slowly, chuckling to himself at how biddable I was, slipped my skirt and thong down to my ankles.

"Now Beth, lift up one foot at a time, please."

I did and felt my skirt and thong slide off one foot, then the other. Mr. Williams fiddled with my shoes slipping them off also. All I was wearing now was the thigh high stockings.

"Now Beth, turn around and sit on your seat but with your body facing me."

I did, primly keeping my knees together but nervously thinking what he would tell me to do next. I also had one arm covering my titties and nipples, even though he had seen them already.

"OK Beth. Now put your right foot on the back of the seat and your left foot on the dashboard, please. Oh, and put your hands behind your head, please."

I shuddered but did as Mr. Williams had commanded me. I glanced down in the seat well in front of him and saw all my clothes in an untidy pile. Then I glanced down and saw my saggy titties with very erect nipples, then my belly button, my trimmed bush, and my vaginal lips, swollen and red, partly open. If I could have gotten any more red in the face I would have! I felt as though I was burning up!

"Now Beth, lean forward so I can get a feel of those tits of yours."

It was hard to lean forward, but I managed it and Mr. Williams grasped both of my titties, cupping and squeezing them, running his thumbs over my erect nipples. Then....he took his right hand off my left tittie and cupped my pussy and then stuck his middle finger right up inside me! And when he rubbed his thumb over my clit I came, gasping and humping his finger!

Mr. Williams, my boss for God's sake, had just undressed me and made me orgasm! And in the parking ramp for God's sake!

It wasn't a quiet orgasm, like some of those that women have, with a tightening of the pussy and a few involuntary hip movements, but a full blown humping of my hips, thrusting my pussy against Mr. Williams' hand! The only saving grace, if it could be called one, was that I wasn't screaming out loud as it happened. The bastard was laughing at me!

When I had finally calmed down......

"Well Beth, quite impressive, that was."

Things had not improved for me one bit. I was still wearing just the thigh highs, had come outrageously, and in front of my boss, even if it was only going to be for a couple more weeks, but they were going to be hell, I knew that for certain. Rob and I had agreed to the three Fridays, but with me being at work with Mr. Williams after what had already happened today, somehow I knew that he was going to push the envelope as much as I would let him.

"Does your husband know what you are doing Beth?"

"Not exactly sir."

"Explain that to me Beth."

"He knows that I am here and that I asked you to meet me here. He told me some things to ask you but.....not everything."

"Is he expecting you to tell him all about it later Beth?"

"I think so Mr. Williams."

"What did he tell you to ask me?"

"To ask you if you wanted to have my jacket open. And if it went further, to ask you if you wanted to take my clothes away from me. Also if you wanted me to stay here all day, sir."

All this with me sitting in front of him in just thigh highs with my legs spread! Christ, if my friends ever heard about this I would die! But even with thinking about the humiliation and embarrassment I would feel, even with Rob hearing about today, I was turned on, obviously. I mean, Mr. Williams had barely touched me and I had come! I could tell how wet my pussy was still and my nipples had not gone down one iota. They were still hard, erect and sticking out like pencil erasers. I didn't really understand why being naked in front of Mr. Williams was turning on me so much, just that it was. And the things that Rob had told me to tell him, God!

"Did he tell you anything else Beth?"

"Just no sex and I was to obey you, sir."

"Anything else Beth?"

"He likes it if I am talked dirty to sir."

"Oh really? Such as?"

I blushed very hard.

"He likes, um, for my body parts, um, to be ah, referred to in dirty terms, words sir."

"Show and tell me Beth."

I got redder. This was so embarrassing and humiliating? I reached down to my breasts and cupped them, holding them up so my hard nipples were pointing right at him.

"Do you like my sagging tits sir?"

I turned around, relieved that my pussy was not on total display.

"Please take a good look at my fat ass, sir."

Shuddering inside I reached back and pulled my cheeks open. My face felt like it was on fire!

"Can you see my dirty asshole and my wet cunt sir?"

None of these things had Rob told me to do, but the humiliation I felt was wonderful to me! Here I was, basically naked in front of a man who did my reviews at work, he is completely dressed, my clothes are out of my reach, I've shown him my pussy completely and I have referred to my body parts using dirty words while showing them to him. And he has laughed at me while I am doing this for him.

"So Beth, do you want me to take your clothes away from you?"

"If you want to sir."

"Let me go and get my car Beth. But move over to this seat when I get out and put both your feet on the dash with your legs wide open, please."

Mr. Williams got out of my Tahoe and closed the door. I scooted over to the front passenger seat. I took a breath and looked out the windshield and saw him standing, looking directly at me. I slowly put my feet on the dashboard, fairly far apart and let my knees fall open. I had to close my eyes, it felt so nasty to be doing this. I heard the passenger door open, he pressed the button to lower the window. "Beth, do you realize that your cunt lips are glistening? Is your cunt wet and ready for sex, Beth?"

I shuddered.

"Yes, sir. I know that my cunt is wet, very wet and very ready."

The door closed but the window was open and I was in plain sight of anyone that might walk by.

"Just stay like that Beth. I'll be back in a few minutes. And don't touch your cunt or those saggy tits of yours. Understand?"

"Yes sir."

Mr. Williams walked away from my Tahoe, leaving me sitting in it naked except for thigh highs, doing this because Rob wanted me to do it, except I also was totally turned on by it too. And Mr. Williams didn't seem to mind. It never occurred to me that I was in a public place naked, that someone could walk by my Tahoe and see me naked, that no explanation that I could give would explain what I was doing.

I was pretty nervous, but really aroused while I waited, not knowing what he might do to me when he came back. I was expecting him to park next to my Tahoe but he walked up it and actually scared me when he did. I didn't hear him coming at all until.....

"Is your cunt still wet Beth?"

I actually jumped and my head jerked to the open window, seeing Mr. Williams grinning at me.

"Can I touch it to see sir?"

"Go ahead."

My hand, right hand, crept down and touched my lips and they were still wet and I slipped my middle finger up inside, listening to him chuckle as he watched me.

"Take your finger out of your cunt and suck it Beth."

And I did while he opened the passenger door and picked up all my clothes and shoes and dropped them outside the Tahoe on the pavement of the parking ramp.

"Now Beth, you're supposed to obey me, right?"

"Yes, Rob told me to mind you."

"Here's the keys to my car. Get out, pick up your clothes and put them in the trunk of my car. It's the Cadillac over there."

He pointed to his car which was kitty corner from my Tahoe, perhaps 150 feet away. I think my face turned white. It was a nice sunny day, no shadows, not many cars on the level we were on, but still!

"Oh God, I can't...."

"Beth, you're supposed to obey me. No arguing and get out and do as you are told! Oh, and once the trunk is open and your clothes in it, take off the stockings before you come back."

So, reluctantly, I got out of my Tahoe and slipped on my heels. Then I bent over to pick up my clothes and while I was bent over Mr. Williams slipped his middle finger up me again, his other hand pushing on my lower back to keep me bent over. He worked it back and forth wetting it inside me.

"Beth, ask me nicely to stick my finger up your ass."

Oh God!

"Please Mr. Williams would you please put your finger in my ass."

"Certainly Beth, set your clothes back down and open your cheeks for me, dear."

I let go of my clothes, sniffling softly and reached back with both hands to pull my ass cheeks apart. I stood there like a stupid cow as he slowly rubbed my ass hole and then just as slowly slid his finger right up my ass. He used his other hand to reach around me and pull and twist my erect nipples and then to cup and squeeze my pussy. Mr. Williams thrust his finger in and out of my ass and I groaned softly. You all know that I do not like things in there and I certainly was not enjoying what he was doing. But finally he pulled the offending digit out of me, lightly swatted my bare ass and had me pick up my clothes again.

"OK Beth, now put your clothes away like I told you."

Now inside my head I knew I was in public, but until I straightened up wearing just stockings and heels, and all my clothes in my arms and actually looked around, I realized that the parking ramp used for my job is surrounded by taller buildings. And I was basically naked and had to walk across the pavement of the ramp's top for like 150 feet, in plain view of the buildings surrounding the ramp. And, I realized that I would have to remove my stockings in plain sight of each building and then walk back to my Tahoe completely bare ass naked. Mr. Williams allowed me to clutch my clothes to my chest but my ass was totally bare as I walked to his Cadillac. I dropped my clothes when I reached the trunk and unlocked it. I bent and picked up my clothes and hurriedly tossed them in it. I glanced about nervously as I removed my heels and then rolled each stocking down my legs. It seemed to take forever to remove them and I couldn't help but look at each of the buildings, wondering if someone or someones were watching me.

But I finally was totally naked and began the long walk back to him and my Tahoe. As I walked I couldn't help but look up and about at the buildings surrounding the parking ramp, feeling oh so exposed until I noticed Mr. Williams quite openly taking pictures of me! He kept snapping pictures until I got close and cursed him for it.

"Give me my car keys, bitch."

I handed him his car keys and he had me get in the back seat of my Tahoe and lie on it with my knees up and spread. He then took my car keys and left.聽

Before he left, he told me......

"Beth, you are going to regret cursing me."

I laid in the backseat of my Tahoe for a long time, naked, on my back, legs open, pussy and tits on display. Shortly before noon Mr. Williams came out and stood where I could see him.

"Do you feel humiliated Beth?"

"I did earlier, but you've seen me naked sir. I'm just nervous about where I am without clothes."

"Well, let's see if we can make you feel a little humiliation and embarrassment."

I didn't understand until he stepped back and the secretaries from the office stepped up to the back window and began giggling. I immediately covered my tits and pussy and turned my head away. Mr. Williams opened the driver's door and unlocked my Tahoe. Then he came around and opened the back door passenger side and told me to get out. I refused. He then reached inside and pulled me by the legs until he could grasp my arms and pulled me, naked, out of the vehicle. He dragged me around behind it and opened the back end door and had me get in, lie back and stretch my hands above my head and spread my legs, while all the office girls giggled and stared at me, the slut, naked. At first he had to hold my legs open, but after he had enough that they had seen my pussy completely, I just gave up and let them stay open.

"Beth, you were supposed to obey me today but you cursed me and covered up your body. So you are paying a penalty for cursing me and the girls seeing you is that. Can you imagine what they are thinking of you right now? What are you showing them Beth? And you know what to say don't you?"

I sobbed softly....

"They are looking at my tits and cunt, sir."

I was terribly humiliated, knowing that they would be seeing me every work day for the next two weeks, knowing that I had gotten naked for Mr. Williams, just because I had been told to do that and now showing all my girl parts because he told me to do that.

"Why don't you open up your cunt for them Beth."

I was beaten and slightly aroused and I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to see and reached down and pulled my pussy lips open. Which resulted in a chorus of giggles and outright laughter.

Then I was told to get on my knees lower my head so it was on the floor of Tahoe and pull my cheeks open so my asshole and pussy were showing.

"Now, Beth, you may think that this is embarrassing and humiliating, but since you covered up when I brought the girls out to see you have one more penalty to pay today. I couldn't see behind me to see Mr. Williams sending one of the girls back to the office to get the male employees.

I was bad enough that the office girls had seen me and I didn't know what Mr. Williams had told one of the girls, to go and get all the men from the office and bring them out. Until I heard male laughter while I was still in the same position, ass up, head down, cheeks pulled open. I shrieked and hunched down.

"That's another penalty, Beth, but I'll let you pay that one on Monday. Jim will be back from vacation too."

I stay huddled but I have to look back and I see everyone from work standing behind my Tahoe, looking at me, my bare ass down on my ankles and my shocked face staring at them!

"Now Beth, this is for all of us. I want you to get your fat ass on the edge of the back end and put your feet up on the bumper, then lean back on your arms and I am going to take a picture or two of you with each person from the office and they'll get a copy for themselves. The other goes to your husband. Sound like fun, Beth?"

"NO!"

"Beth, remember that I have your keys and you could end up out of your car watching it drive away. Would you like that, cunt?"

"NO!"

"Well?"

I knew that I had lost since he really did have my keys and all my clothes including my shoes were in his car's trunk. So that's how I ended up posing with everyone from the office....thank God I only had two more weeks to work! After all the pictures were done, Mr. Williams had everyone go back to work, although he did tell them that I was staying in my Tahoe for the rest of the day. Then I would be getting my keys back from him and I could go home. But also that I wasn't getting my clothes back until Monday. And the ass told me that I should just wear a long coat to come to work on Monday as part of my payment for not obeying properly.

I spent all afternoon naked in my Tahoe and of course all during the afternoon people from work kept coming out to see me. Mr. Williams told me that if that happened I was not to cover up and pose as I was asked to pose and thankfully he told everyone that I was not to be touched or anything unless I agreed to it. Well I did not agree to any touching or anything else but unless I wanted another penalty to pay I had to pose for all of them. I am sure that more pictures were taken but I was so desensitized by everything that had already gone on I didn't notice at all.

Mr. Williams came and gave me my keys at 5:20, made me get out of the Tahoe and pawed my tits and finger fucked to an orgasm while I was pushed up against the side of my Tahoe, in the open, bare ass naked. He does have great hands.

I drove home and opened the garage door and drove in and Rob was standing in the doorway to the house as I stopped. I didn't want to get out of my car and Rob held up a printed picture of me naked and spread with one of the girls sitting next to me, smirking like crazy. She was smirking, I wasn't. I was humiliated and I hated Rob having those pictures. Williams sent them all to his email at work, I can just imagine what Rob thought when he saw the first one! Imagine my surprise when I walked in the house and saw all of the pictures printed and laid out on our dining room table!

So now Rob knows that everyone, except for Jim who was on vacation, in my office has seen me bare ass naked and spread wide open for them to see. And yes, Rob screwed my ass off after I got home.

But I also found out that Williams had talked to Rob and mentioned that I needed a better shave "down there", more of a trim, so my "loving husband" invited Marilyn and Bob over Saturday afternoon and as soon as they arrived he asked Bob if he wanted to shave me, with Marilyn's permission, of course. Of course Marilyn burst out laughing as she heard and watched my face turn beet red. Bob just got a shit eating grin on his face and Rob got a devilish smirk.

I knew that Rob was going to "make me" do this. It would be best if Marilyn and Bob thought that I wasn't too willing to allow myself to be humiliated in front of them. Rob left me standing in our kitchen with them, totally uncomfortable, knowing that in a few minutes that my best friend's husband was going to be looking very closely at my trimmed pussy with her standing there watching him.

When Rob came back in the kitchen with shaving cream and a razor and a pair of electric clippers I knew for sure that he wasn't just teasing me. He had prepared me well, having me wear a one piece slack suit without a bra but with sheer panties. I now understood that I was going to have to get completely naked for Bob to shave me and I really didn't want to do that, especially in front of Marilyn, since I was pretty sure she would not be able to keep her mouth shut about it. For that matter I didn't think that Bob would keep his mouth shut either.

As humiliating as it was going to be to let them watch and actually shave my pussy, it was going to be worse for the rest of our friends to know about it from them.

"Rob, honey, I don't want to do this, please."

"After what you did yesterday, Beth, I don't think I am going to leave you a choice."

My stomach sank as Rob began telling them of my day at the office parking ramp and everything that happened to me. Which got Marilyn giggling uncontrollably and Bob laughing.

"Why don't you take off your outer clothing Beth, while I let them know what a dumb slut you really are , darling."

Shit! He was going to make it seem as though it was my idea, even though Rob had proposed the whole beginning to me, letting me know that as far as it went he left up to me, but that it was his idea at the start. I was feeling pretty bad as I removed the slack suit, baring my tits to them and when I had it off I covered them with an arm. I was blushing like mad! And I was getting turned on, turned on a lot!

"Put your arms at your sides, Beth, please."

I obeyed Rob, reluctantly, letting the three of them see my sagging tits and to my shame my nipples were completely erect! My bush was visible through the sheer panties which was all I had on other than strappy sandals. I had to stand there like a fool with my tits on show while Rob told them of my adventures, although he didn't know that Mr. Williams had made me orgasm twice. But he did know about everything else and told Marilyn and Bob that everyone that I worked with, except for Jim, the vacation boy, had see me bare ass naked with my legs spread. He even showed them some of the pictures he had printed which got Marilyn laughing like a maniac.

"Beth, get your ass up on the counter next to the sink so Bob can neaten up your twat, please."

Unhappily I did and Bob and Marilyn both walked up, looking me up and down, Bob between my legs and Marilyn to one side. Then Bob grasped the waistband of my panties and pulled them down and off leaving me bare ass, legs spread with him between them.

"Cut the hair short with the clippers Bob and then shave the sides and her lips bare."

After Bob had pulled my panties off he looked directly at my pussy, with Marilyn leaning on the counter next to me looking at it also and said:

"Nice pussy Beth."

My husband said:

"Tell them what it was called yesterday Beth."

I lowered my face...

"Cunt."

"What darling?"

"CUNT!"

Rob made me look directly at Bob as he used the electric clippers to trim my pubic hair short, leaving enough so that you knew it was there, but short enough that it hid nothing. Each time he passed the clippers over my lips I couldn't help but twitch making Marilyn giggle and the guys grin.

Bob set the clippers down and used the fingers of one hand to push my lips open, to check the hair he said. Right! Marilyn looked over....

"Beth, your cunt looks pretty wet, darling."

My face was flaming. This was the day that Marilyn began to refer to me as "The Cunt". Much to my dismay, let me tell you. There is nothing more humiliating than to be at a gathering and have a friend call you "The Cunt".

Bob now shook up the shaving cream and squirted some along the sides of the hair that was going to remain and spread it down my lips, rubbing it on and making me whimper softly. Marilyn giggled and watched my face, Bob and Rob chuckled. And then he shaved me, taking every opportunity to touch my pussy lips and push and pull them around while the razor slid over my skin. By the time he was finished with shaving I was a wreck. I had moisture leaking out of me and my lips were red and puffy. God, I was so horny it wasn't funny! Then I got the shock of my life....Rob said:

"Marilyn, if Bob wants a piece, is it OK?"

Bob's pants were tented out, he had a hardon.

Marilyn looked at me, I was red faced and my pussy obviously was ready. She looked at Bob and at his cock pushing out.

"Shame to waste that", she said.

The bitch reached over, unzipped him and with difficulty got his hardon out of his pants, grasped it and pulled him forward until the tip was right at my hole.

"Go slow honey", she giggled.

And Marilyn and Rob watched as Bob slid his hard cock right into me, with my ass on my kitchen counter. I gasped and threw my head back, I couldn't watch them watching this! Rob got up on a kitchen stool and took several pictures, making sure to get my face and body, Bob's cock up me, Bob and Marilyn's faces watching it. Watching his cock sliding in and out of me.

"Don't get me wrong Marilyn, but Beth has a tight pussy."

"It's OK Bob, but it's a cunt, remember?"

Much giggling and chuckling.

Unfortunately before long, my hips were moving as Bob fucked me. Which caused more Marilyn giggles and Bob's groans. I had to look, I had to....down my naked body at my best friend's husband fucking me in front of her. It was so dirty! And I got an idea....a really naughty, bad idea....

"Bob, God, please don't come in me, I'm not on birth control!" Marilyn laughed, she knew I was, but Bob didn't and he was enough of a shit to ignore me. He looked up at me, my pleading face and smirked and started fucking me faster and harder. God it felt so good! I also knew that the idea would make him go faster and he did, he pushed into me until he was all the way in to the balls and pressed right against me and then I felt him jerk.

"Give her a good squirt honey!"

And the bastard came right inside me! I could even feel the spurts as they shot out of his cock! He stayed just like that, shoved as deep as he could get, until he emptied his balls inside me.

Bob pulled out of me, his cock going limp and sperm beginning to ooze out of me when Rob said:

"Clean him off nicely Beth."

He knows that I hate that, but I was feeling nasty enough that I slid off the kitchen counter and bent at the waist so Marilyn and Rob could see the sperm leaking out of me and sucked and licked Bob's cock clean of sperm and pussy juice. And they both got behind and did watch me leaking!

Then Rob had me put Bob's cock back in his pants and walk the two of them to our front door, still naked tell them goodbye, Rob taking pictures all the time. After they had left Rob took some more pictures of me legs spread open with sperm pooled in my hole and small trickles of it down each thigh. Then he took me to the computer and loaded all the pictures he had taken of me today into a "Beth" file with all the pictures that Mr. Williams had taken yesterday.

We used those pictures to good effect for our lovemaking sessions for a long time. I was still a little pissed at Rob for "making me" do what I did and letting Bob fuck me, but I did get over it, eventually.
