Amy And Jenny At The Beach
by SoCaliDude

Enjoying the Nude Beach.

Amy and Jenny were roommates at UCSD in La Jolla. Mike and I were classmates studying engineering.

Amy was a blonde cheerleader type. Jenny was a, perky, brunette. Both had B/C cups and shoulder-length hair. They topped out on the cute scale.

"Please come down to the beach with us!" Amy asked.

"We don't want to go without guys," Jenny explained.

"Why not?" I asked.

"It's Black's Beach. If we go together, people will think we are lesbians!" Amy answered.

"Is Blacks a nude beach?" Mike asked.

"Duh!" the ladies reacted.

"If we go with guys, people will assume we are straight, which we are!" Jenny said.

"We've never seen you naked," Mike reacted.

"This is your chance," Amy said. "Naked virgins on the sand."

"How can we say no?" I offered.

"Do we get to take your 'v-cards?' as part of the deal?" Mike asked.

"That's only fair!" I added.

"That's more than we planned," Jenny objected. "Except I lost my virginity after a party last month. It hurt like..."

"It won't hurt now," I offered. "Getting your cherry popped is, often, painful. Besides, Tess and I lost our virginities a few months after we started dating. I know how to, tenderly, treat a woman between the sheets..."

"We're not promising sex," Jenny said. "We just want dates that aren't afraid of a nude beach. If we end up screwing, that's a bonus."

"Agreed," we said. We went to our dorms and changed into our swimming trunks and met in the hang glider parking lot at the top of the cliff.

Hiking down the steep, cliff was nearly deadly. Eventually, we made it to the sand, alive.

After spreading out our king-size blanket, Mike and I dropped our trunks as Amy and Jenny slipped out of their tank tops, unveiling ghost-white breasts that, obviously, had never enjoyed sunshine!

"Very nice, ladies," I asserted as Mike smiled in agreement.

"We're glad you like our girls!" Amy commented. "Hopefully, the sunscreen will help them tan without burning!"

Amy and Jenny turned their backs to us and dropped their bikini bottoms before turning around and surprising Mike and I with their, beautiful, hairy pussies. Because Tess shaved, furry bushes were a first for my eyes. Mike smiled his approval!

"Totally hot!!!" I said.

We spread out on the blanket. I was stone hard, Amy was wet. Mike laid on his stomach. Jenny enjoyed our reactions.

First time with hairy bushes, I explained.

"This is awkward for all of us," Jenny commented. "Let's go swimming!"

We got up, held hands, and hit the water, which failed to shrink my tool.

As Amy and I waded in, the water dripped from our crotches until we were up to our chests.

Amy asked me, "Did you and Tess ever have sex in the ocean?"

"Only in her 'rents pool and Jacuzzi. It was fun, but she said the water washed off her lubrication, so she didn't enjoy it much. I hear salt water isn't comfortable for girls."

"I still want to try it. Losing my v-card in the ocean is a lifetime memory."

"Are you asking me to take your virginity? In public? I asked, shocked.

"Absolutely," Amy said, as she turned her back to me after a long, pleasurable kiss.

The pleasure traveled south where my cock sprang to life, I hugged Amy, with my hands holding one breast and the other stroking her clit, aimed my cock for Amy's pussy, and, thrusting forward, ended her virginity as we popped her cherry.

"Oh my..." Amy screamed. "That hurts! You are huge!!! PLEASE take it out!"

I pulled back and eased back into Amy, who screamed, louder...

"The salt-water stings! Too much friction. Let's go to my dorm!" she cried.

Disappointed, with a case of 'blue balls," we walked to shore... As we got there, Jenny and Mike walked out of our tent. They both had "creampies" to wash off along with evidence of Jen's virginity, so it was obvious that both girls are former virgins.

Amy and I walked into the tent, laid on the soft blankets and finished what we started in the ocean.

"Now I know why people love sex on the beach!" Amy said, after we creampied, together. "That was awesome!"

Outside our tent, a round of cheering and applause honored our passionate coupling.

Amy blushed, saying, "I can't go out there. Everyone knows I just got laid!"

"We need to wash off," I said, picking Amy up and carrying her, nakedness, into the waves.
