Gaila wakes up to a faint popping noise in the middle distance, rolls over onto her side and opens her eyes. To see herself, eyes closed, evidently asleep, hair everywhere on the pillow. She blinks, looks at her hand, and finds it's pink. Pink, long and broad, with occasional scabbed scrapes along the palm and knuckles, the skin pulling slightly when she flexes the fingers. Jim's hand.

"What?" Gaila asks in some surprise, and hears Jim's voice from her mouth, vibrating in her throat. She rubs this hand along her face and feels a square stubbly chin, the skin itching slightly as all the little hairs shift and tug, a generous mouth and a sore spot where she saw a rock hit his jaw during yesterday's away mission. Jim's face, Jim's hand; she looks down at herself, or rather at him, the landscapes of chest and abdomen, cock and thighs, from a different vantage point.

"Huh," Gaila mutters, sitting up. At last night's feast Nyota said the wine's inscription mentioned 'shifted perspective', but they'd agreed that was probably just a metaphorical reference to intoxication. She looks at her body breathing beside her, noting with some satisfaction that she sleeps attractively, her breasts rising and falling, her arms lightly sculpted with the tone she's worked for during long hours of exercise.

Hopefully Jim's in there, if she's in his body. "Jim?" she calls, and watches her own eyes pop open alertly. Then they go round as Jim sees who just woke him up, and Gaila didn't know her eyebrows could go up that high. Gaila watches her own mouth drop open into Jim's shocked look, lips pushed outwards, watches him raise her hands to squeeze her breasts as the expression shifts to a leer like that of a mythical succubus.

She starts laughing, but the sound bouncing off her ears is startlingly masculine enough to stop her. Jim shoves himself upright, and it is a shove, not the sinuous movement she learned so long ago. Then he starts squeezing her breasts again, his grin so wide and delighted that she giggles again. "Good morning," Jim says with his intonation shaping her voice, and leans forward. Gaila reaches for him, feeling how she can make his hands enclose her seemingly narrow wrists as she meets him for the kiss.

Her mouth feels good, soft and full and small, animated by Jim's pushiness, but she smells a little less vivid, they both do. Duller Human nose, she thinks and giggles into the kiss, and he chuckles back, a rolling cadence she's never heard in her voice before; perhaps it's being in a Human's body but her mouth tastes slightly different, slightly spicy, slightly resinous, green as well as flesh.

"Mmm." Gaila pulls back intending to ask Jim what his mouth tastes like with her tongue, but he moans a little, throaty and distracting, as he tweaks her nipples harder than she likes. "Hey, be careful!" She can't feel it but it's not like she wants to have to feel it whenever this reverses, so she tugs the wrists she's holding.

Jim twists them out of her grip with a move she's still working to learn, glances up at her through her lashes and strokes her ribs and belly and thighs, arching into it, moaning with deliberate provocation. "Oooh, you feel so good," he murmurs, ridiculously breathy, and she laughs so hard she almost falls over.

She's also tingling a little all over with fast trickles of subcutaneous energy, gathering and prickling behind her balls and in her cock, which ache a little in a pleasant, reminiscent way. "Aren't you sore? I was by the time I fell asleep."

"Well, kinda," Jim says, curious now, watching her hands as he runs them up and down her thighs. "But in a good way. Hey, I remember making that hickey!" He prods it, hissing a laugh. "Damn, even my abs are sore," he adds proudly, tipping his head sideways as he looks at her from her own eyes.

"Thank you," she says as sweetly as she can, and he widens her eyes, rolls them and breaks out in a loud peal of laughter.

"Is my grin really that shit-eating?" He reaches for his own hands, currently hers, her fingers feeling narrow and firm around his wrists as he tugs them forward, as she nods and he laughs again. "C'mon, you should feel yourself, your skin's beautiful."

"You feel wonderful," Gaila replies, because his body does feel good around her, the vital current beneath his skin, the banked strength in his muscles. Her upper arms feel velvety to these borrowed hands, and he shivers as she strokes. "Do we have time to have sex?"

Jim turns to look at the chrono behind him, and Gaila's pleased to see that the swing of her hair is as arresting as she intended. "Well... no, sorry. We'd better contact Bones." He leans into her shoulder, wrapping her arm around his waist. "Last time I got transformed by alien food it lasted about six hours, but I'm not sure a switch is the same as a shape change... anyway. I'll never hear the end of it if we don't call him."

"Here's to being responsible Starfleet officers," Gaila agrees regretfully. It would have been fun to explore her own body with Jim being responsive and inventive while inside it, but they really should find out what happened and regain their proper bodies.

She waits, until Jim prods her right in his navel. "You have to comm him," Jim informs her, and she watches him make her eyebrows dance and draw her mouth out in a dimple-dotted smirk. "Let's see how long we can keep him going before he figures it out."

Gaila giggles at that, then clears her throat as Jim hands her his comm. "Captain Kirk to CMO McCoy," she intones in a rather stuffy imitation of Jim's Order-Giving Voice, and he pats her lightly on the sternum, face squinched in merriment. "Please report to my quarters at once."

They've had time for only a few kisses when McCoy appears, satchel in hand. "All right, Captain, what is it?" He stares at them long enough that Gaila realizes she should've said something, but it's a moot point; before she can even open her mouth he turns to Jim and says, "God dammit, Jim! What in the name of all that's holy are you doing in Gaila's body?"

Jim just laughs. "How'd you know, Bones?"

"The devilry in your eyes." McCoy starts scanning Gaila. "You both drank that tshiz-- tshize-- tshi-- dammit, that wine, didn't you?"

"Yes, Doctor Leonard," Gaila says meekly, which sound so strange in Jim's voice that they all pause a moment.

Then McCoy regards them, and he may not make a grin as wide as Jim can, but he gives it an intriguing sharpness all its own. "Well I never thought I'd hear obedience come out of that mouth," he says slowly, stretching the words like caramel candy, and Jim lets out a ringing whoop in Gaila's voice as they all start laughing again.