WB37

Saki Hanajima-onmyoji scared Aya. It was not the constant presence of her guard, Uotani, a woman taller even than he was, with her hair roughly caught up at her neck, but the very aura the onmyoji seemed to give off. She was small, standing barely as tall as Aya’s shoulder, with her hair a long black shadow behind her like the glossy wing of a raven over her black kimono. She wore solid black and when Aya had asked Crawford why he had simply answered “because she wants to.”

Onmyoji were given whatever allowances they wanted, and Hanajima was no exception. Strangely she wore a fine black veil over her hair that came down over her eyes but it clearly did not restrict her view of anything.

They were walking through the formal gardens of the Onmyoji palace, listening to the thwock splash of the deer catchers, and the burbling water over the rocks. It was a fine day but Aya was still unsettled following his meeting with the empress the night before.

Hanajima had insisted that he call her Hana-chan and looped her arm through his in a manner most inappropriate, but there was nothing sexual about the gesture and they had conversed several times before. She was one of the contenders for Ken’s pot, although Aya knew she was doing it more for the amusement than any desire for him. There was also the possibility that she was doing it so he would continue work on her garden. Hanajima was not an easy woman to predict.

“So, how was your meeting with our empress?” she asked as they passed under the sakura tree, it was budding and the leaves just starting to open but soon it would be a curtain of petals. It was a reminder to Aya of how much time was passing that it was already spring. Aya thought for a long moment, choosing his words carefully but Hanajima just continued in that calm quiet way of hers. “That well,” she covered her laugh with her sleeve, she wore them long enoug that they fell over her hands. “She is…”

“Empress.” Aya offered.

“I was thinking more a force of nature. Was your master able to divine what she wanted? I ask because the next time that she and the emperor have a huge fall out it is on me to discern the technique best used for the negotiator to work a peace between them.” There was nothing crass in the way she spoke, more a calm resignation and a hint of faint amusement.

“What she wanted I could not give her,” Aya answered, “what she wanted was impossible.”

Hanajima tilted her head as she considered it, “I doubt your master has told you to hold your tongue with me, I was under the impression that he enjoyed that you had friends among the nobility as long as you remembered your place.” Aya’s fingers hurt in phantom pain, he knew his place well. Sometimes he even enjoyed it. It was easy to enjoy it when his master told him to. The ropes made it easy to hold the pleasure in, but Hanajima was right, Crawford did want him to foster friendships, but always with the knowledge that he belonged to Crawford and that any information that might aid Crawford was to be shared.

“You know, of course, of my lineage.” Aya said.

“That you are descended from Izanami of the House of Windowless rooms.” Hanajima said, “I doubt there is a single noble in all of the court that does not know of it, and hasn’t worked out a hundred ways to use it to their own advantage.”

“Then you know of the house of sleep.” Aya said quietly.

“I know many things,” she said raising her head under her veil. She wore a crown of silver, fixed into her hair with silver kanzashi, it made her look ethereal, like an oni trailed by a bandit. “But that does not mean I understand what others think, for they are their own person and their thoughts are their own.”

Aya nodded. “She wanted the Horimono-hime to preserve her beauty I think.” He told her.

“Have you considered instead that she wished the test of fidelity?” Aya stopped in his tracks and looked at her. “Surely you are aware of it, the Horimono-hime is said to perform three miracles, she can take the suffering of the living, she will take babes no one else will take, and she will test the veracity of love.”

“But she knows her husband does not love her, what would she have to gain?” Crawford had thought that she desired beauty and with it power in the court, it had made sense to Aya at the time, sprawled out beside his master drunk on lust and recently spent.

“Perhaps for that we need to consider the test, you must, of course, correct me if I am wrong, but she gives a golden bead, that bead is then given to your lover, if you trust your lover, of course. That is the test, you are told that the bead is poison to the unfaithful, so if you give it to a lover who is untrue they will die, so to even give the bead to your lover you must trust them completely, this is the test. How much do you trust the person you love?”

“Of course you can tell your lover,” Aya said, “and then they can decide whether or not they can take the poison.”

Hanajima tilted her head. “Assuming of course that it is poison,” she said softly, “most so called miracles are simply sleight of hand. Now imagine the empress travels to visit the House of Sleep and requests the test of fidelity, of course she would do publically. She then brings it to her husband, presenting it to him in front of the court, what must he do.”

“Take the poison.” Aya said realising it calmly, “and do so in front of the court, the fault falling on him because the test is well known.”

“And to think, Kuchiki called you a pretty trinket with no more between his ears than air.” Hanajima said. “So what did you tell her?”

“That my kinswoman wouldn’t help her.”

Hanajima made a noise that suggested that this might have been the right course of action. “And that might be why Crawford could not see her future, you had already ended the plan, which is for the best as it would have seen the emperor dead, your family killed for supplying the poison, even if the empress herself was blameless, and almost certainly the slaughter of the Onmyoji would have caused civil war.”

“I had not thought them so important.”

“Oh, we’re not.” Hanajima said, “but not everyone is educated and aware that the vast majority of magic is bullshit.” She moved to sit on one of the rocks that lined her path, spreading her shawl over the stone before she finally sat down, “but those of us who can access the stronger paths, say precognition for example,” she knew he was talking about Crawford, “keep in check those who do, imagine someone with no ability taking the role in court that Crawford does.” Aya felt the colour drain from his face. “I had not thought that you could get more pale,” Hanajima said with a hint of delight in her voice, “those of us who are kept from the sun should always be friends,” she said, “if only because we know the best things to soothe the inevitable burn of it. Why soon I shall move only under parasols and shawls if I leave the palace at all.”

“The bruised leaves of Gennoshouko.” Aya murmured almost absently, “lay them on the skin and leave for a few hours, it takes the burn right out of it, or beeswax, ground up and mixed with chicken fat, rubbed direclyt into the skin if you can bear it.”

“See,” she said offering him a smile under her veil, “we shall be fast friends, bound together by sunburn, although I wonder if the beeswax would not work better if it was ground in with lavender oil, after all it has such a soothing feel on the skin when blended with chicken fat.” She patted the rock beside her, “come sit, I am sure there are other secrets we can share, like how do you keep your hands so soft? if I cannot steal away Nagi-kun I must torture you for his secrets instead.”

---

Crawford insisted that Aya shared his meals with him, and so over a trout roasted with the last of the winter vegetables, with spring onions and a wakame broth, he asked his concubine about how he had spent the morning with Hanajima. Aya knew his place so told him everything, but the vast majority of the conversation he knew would mean nothing to his master unless he suddenly found an interest in which pigments made the best lacquer for nails, or if applying grease to the feet before bed worked better with or without tabi.

He took her suggestion of the empress’ plan with a certain equanimity. “Have we considered the third option?” he asked, “that she intends to deliver an unwanted child to the House of Sleep.”

“I was of the impression that all of her lovers were women.” Aya told him calmly, “she surrounds herself with such beauty I would be surprised if she did not dwell amongst it.”

Crawford chuckled to himself, “when first we met, my Aya-no-bara, such a thought would have scandalised you, and now you mention it with such calm it is almost as if you are one of us.”

“It is true,” Aya drawled, “I have walked in on Saya and Maya too many times to retain any such innocence.” He said, “between them and Fuji very little surprises me anymore.”

“I was told you were surprised in a certain store,” Crawford said with a smile over his cup of sake, “that the flute carved like a phallus gave you something of a flush.”

“It was not the flute,” Aya said stiffly, embarrassed now he thought of it, “it was the ocarina.”

Crawford burst out laughing, which surprised Aya, everything in the capital was so serious and Crawford was not given to laughter, so to see it now caught him unawares. Aya felt a burst of something unique in his stomach, Crawford looked so different laughing, with his head thrown back and there was a darkening of blood at his throat, almost as if he was aroused, and that aroused Aya who had not expecting it.

Aya’s sexual awakening seemed linked entirely to Crawford, and he was not sure that he cared for it. “Please tell me that Fuji bought it, I cannot imagine what organ might make an ocarina.”

Aya blushed clear to the roots of his red hair. “It was certainly something to be seen, nor was it human, apparently the phallus of a tanuki is appropriately short and fat when knotted in preparation for mating.”

Crawford laughed again, but this time it was a bassy dirty sounding laugh, “you have no idea how beautiful you are when you blush.” He said in a low voice. “I almost wish to push aside this food and fuck you on the table.”

Aya stood up and sloughed off his robes so that he stood naked but for his tabi in front of his master, “tell me how you want me.” He said, uncaring of the door open to the courtyard, “I have long since started to carry oil about my person for one never knows when hunger might strike.”

“Most simply carry nigiri.” Crawford answered but didn’t move as Aya crouched down to pick up the vial, and then he lifted the obi-age, wrapping it around his wrist.

“How do you want me? I live to serve at your pleasure.” He ran his fingers, unencumbered by the silk of his obi-age, twisted around his wrist so it fell down his arm against his chest, the length of his throat. He was wearing a pendant from a single ear and it fell against the skin most pleasingly.

“Leave the oil on the table,” Crawford said, his voice did not sound in the least bit broken by the sight before him, the image of the Aya-no-Bara serving his master, one of which many of the court would have paid a ransom for. “Touch yourself,” Aya’s hand moved towards his cock, “no,” Crawford said, “your chest, your nipples.”

Crawford liked to watch, so Aya performed. All of those who had found their place in Crawford’s futon had, at some point or another, performed for him.

“No,” Crawford said as Aya’s fingers whorled in circles over his pectoral muscles, scraping the skin with his nails to form a light, but delicious pain. “Something is not quite right.” He made a moue of discontent and narrowed his eyes. “I know what it is. Come across to me.”

Aya took the two steps around the table to him, leaving his robes on the tatami. The slave bangle on his ankle jingle jangled as he walked, dropping into low seiza in front of his master.

From his wrist Crawford untwisted the obi-age and obi-jime. “Put your hands behind your back, my Aya-no-Bara.” Aya bent his forehead down to press against Crawford’s thigh, with his wrists pressed together at the small of his back. Crawford quickly looped the cord around his wrists tying them together in a loose bondage. Then with his finger tips he lifted Aya’s face and used the white silk obi-age to blindfold him. “Beautiful,” he said softly, running his fingertips the length of Aya’s cheek, then down over his mouth.

Aya heard a rustling, then he was turned, his head placed upon a pillow that had been put on the low table. The position arched his back and raised his ass up to Crawford’s gaze. Crawford used his hands to part Aya’s legs revealing the cleft of his ass, then something hot and wet poured down over his taint, followed by something else he had never felt before, and with Crawford’s hands parting his ass cheeks, and the soft scratching of his stubble at the soft skin there, Aya realised what was happening, leaning back into the soft touch with a groan at how good it felt. Crawford was pouring sake over his hole and then licking it clean. Aya had not known such a thing was possible, and he was glad that Crawford had bound his hands because otherwise he would have gripped his head with both hands and held him there for eternity.

It didn’t take long, there was the divine touch of Crawford’s tongue, then the press of his fingers, slick with oil, then he was pulled unto Crawford’s cock, and he could feel the fabric of Crawford’s hakama under his skin. Crawford liked to be dressed when he fucked Aya, he liked the feeling of power it gave him.

Yet he was balls deep in his concubine and rocking them to mutual satisfaction when the door slid open and Nagi said, “sorry to disturb you at supper,” he made no comment upon the image he must have seen, he did not even sound embarrassed. “But I thought you’d want to know, Shuichi Takatori is dead. He was cut down in his lands by bandits.”

“And Mamoru?” Crawford asked over Aya’s shoulder, sounding not at all nonplussed even as he continued to fuck up into the naked boy in his lap.

“With his grandfather.” Nagi said, “I’ll leave you to it, I’ll make sure a bath is prepared for you when you’re done.” And slid the door closed behind him.