Bruce had just finished his daily training. An intense couple of hours meant to strengthen the muscles, increase agility and increase mental focus.
He left the cave and took the elevator that led to the mansion. He felt very tired, he only had a few hours to rest before his evening patrol and he needed to take a shower.
Alfred wasn't home, he was out buying the special ingredients he needed to make his soup.
Bruce appreciated the effort Alfred put into his cooking, but he needn't have: Bruce usually ate in a hurry and barely noticed what it tasted like.
For him, food was a necessary component of life, not really a pleasure. Just something he needed to stay healthy, operational.
He took off his clothes, turned on the water (which became warm immediately) and got in.
He was a man of focus and discipline. Driven by the mission, he hardly ever took time to relax or have fun.
He started covering himself in soap and shampoo, as he stared at the white porcelain.
Despite his training and formidable hearing, he did not hear the footsteps of the figure entering the room.
As he rinsed off the soap, his eyes now closed, Selina stared at his ass and dangling penis, enjoying the site a great deal.
Bruce turned off the water and walked out of the shower. He still had his eyes closed, Selina thought he had never seen him so tired and stressed out.
Bruce stretched out his arm, to find the towel and Selina passed it to him.
"Here you go."
Bruce's eyes snapped open, his naked body took a defensive stance that made water fly in the air and made his body become tense and feral looking. Selina smiled, looking at his relaxed penis dangling.
If there was one thing which Selina enjoyed about Bruce's body, even more than his muscles or firm butt cheeks, is that he was a grower and not a shower.
Men usually assume that girls like showers, and this may often be the case. But not Selina.
She absolutely loved the magic of a soft, small penis becoming large and erect in her hands.
Bruce's cock was rather unimpressive when he was relaxed, but Selina knew that it was just another secret weapon that Batman had in his arsenal.
She fucking adored how big, hard and throbbing his dick became when she held it, stroked it, kissed it, sucked it, put it between her tits...
"Selina!" Bruce exclaimed, his muscles relaxing. Selina noticed that his penis had grown a little, though. Did seeing her do that? Was it danger that aroused him a little?
Selina smiled and covered her eyes with a leather-clad hand.
"I swear I didn't look!"
Bruce didn't say anything, took the towel from her other hand and started drying his body.
Selina peeked through her fingers. His dick was getting harder, she was sure of it.
"How did you get in here, Selina?"
"Hey, it's me." She replied.
Selina Kyle was a woman of almost ridiculous beauty and sensuality. Her whole body was covered in tight, smooth leather. Her eyes were wide, green and beautiful. Her skin was pale and creamy. Her lips were full and her smile incredibly seductive. Her legs were long and powerful. Her ass was round, firm and a little thick. And her breasts, partially visible due to the fact that the zipper exposed a generous portion of cleavage, were out of this world.
They were large, soft and seemed to defy gravity. Best of all, Bruce knew for a fact they were completely natural.
Bruce was trying to keep his cool, but he could feel his penis starting to become erect. Selina could make him lose control like no one else could.
He had slept with many women, during the years. But no one, including Talia or Diana, could get him as hard and horny as Catwoman could.
He was covering his crotch with the towel, as he looked at her.
"Selina, could you please -hem - wait outside?"
Selina shook her head and grabbed the towel with her hands.
She threw it behind her back and started caressing his penis. It was still soft, but it was getting harder. And larger.
Selina could swear that it managed to grow 4 or 5 times in size, when erect.
Bruce let out a small grunt. Selina smiled.
"I've been watching you lately, Bruce. You're so tense, tired. You work too much. I want to help you find some relief. Let me try."
The leather was cold, which only aroused Bruce more. Her claws were retracted. Bruce, deep down, enjoyed the danger inherent in being touched by those hands. If she wanted to, she could scratch his dick off. But she never did, of course
Her touch was soft, tender. She was worshiping his cock with love and patience, as it grew larger and larger.
Selina looked Bruce in the eyes, as she kept caressing. His gaze was a little dazed. Hers was intense, enticing.
"You like it, Bruce? When I touch your cock?"
Bruce said nothing, but his jaw clenched.
Selina stopped touching him and crossed her arms. The pose was stern, but she smirked.
"Now, now, Bruce. You answer me or I won't continue."
Bruce looked at her for a moment, then smiled.
"You know I do."
Selina suddenly grabbed his shaft and started pumping it hard.
"I KNOW, but I want to HEAR it! Do you like it when I touch your cock?"
Bruce grunted loudly.
"Yes, yes I do!"
Selina smiled. She started stroking more slowly, but her grip was still tight.
"That's better! And do you like it when I stroke it?"
"Fuck, yes I do!"
"Mmm..."
His cock was now completely erect, she could feel it. Selina glanced down to look at it and her eyes got dazed, too.
It was magnificent. It was thick, long and hard as a rock. It throbbed as she stroked it and some pre-cum was trickling down on her glove.
Selina touched the head of his cock with her other hand. She loved how soft and smooth it was.
Bruce was looking at her. Her cleavage was driving him crazy, her breasts seemed on the point of bursting out. He went to touch them, but she slapped his hand away.
"Oh, no. Only I may touch you, darling."
Bruce hesitated, then he put his hand back at his side. Selina smiled at him with a naughty look on her face.
"But, if you want to see these..."
She pulled down her zipper, very slowly. Teasing him, torturing him.
Bruce's cock was throbbing like mad, visibly moving up and down, as he stared.
"...we can arrange it."
Selina's incredible breasts popped out of her suit. Bruce admired them. As always, he was amazed by their beauty. They were large, without being too large. They did not sag at all, they were perky and seemed to mock gravity itself. Her nipples were of a light shade of pink.
Selina giggled at Bruce's transfixed expression. Then, she leaned over and kneeled a bit, pushing her breasts on his twitching manhood.
Bruce's jaw clenched. He had almost come then and there.
"Oh, you like that, don't you?"
Selina started caressing and scratching his chest and abs, as she moved her breasts around, caressing Bruce's cock.
Bruce looked at her, absolutely blown away by the warm, welcoming feeling of her breasts leaning on his cock.
Selina started kissing his chest, slowly going further down as she did so. Her kisses were passionate, wet. She took her time.
Bruce smiled at her. He knew what was coming. She smiled back, as she got on her knees.
"Oh, yes. You know what's coming, don't you Bruce?"
Selina started stroking his cock with her hands again. She needed both, now.
"Mmm... let's see if you still taste as good as I remember..."
Selina swallowed him whole, effortlessly. Bruce gasped, he didn't think she'd go straight to deep-throating. Selina laughed from her throat, as his cock filled it completely.
She moved back and forwards for a while, then she had to stop for a moment and she gasped for air.
"Oh, man. I love your cock, Bruce. It's delicious."
Now she started sucking it more slowly, almost tenderly. With one hand she held it, while the other was caressing his buttocks.
She licked the head of his cock, the shaft, his balls. She kissed his cock, she rubbed it all over her cheeks and lips, she sucked on it like a lollipop. She deep-throated it again and then she gave a gentle bite to the shaft. She licked it from the base up, while her palms storked it gently.
She was worshiping his cock, while her eyes kept looking into his.
All the while, she talked dirty to him. Her dirty talk drove Bruce crazy. It could have awoken the dead. It could have distracted Darkseid. It could have gotten a cock so hard it would have punched a hole in his Hellbat suit.
"Oh, yeah, Baby. Your cock is so fucking big. So fucking big... I love how it tastes, it tastes so good... It's the most delicious cock I have ever sucked... Please let me suck your cock, please let me suck your cock... Please, oh God give it to me... Fuck! It's so fucking huge! I want to suck it all day, I want it inside my mouth, I want to worship your cock... Please, can I be your cumslut? Can I be your dirty, little cumslut? Will you give your cum to me? Give me your fucking cum..."
As Bruce grunted, feeling the cum building up, Selina squeezed his buttocks and stopped sucking.
Bruce opened his eyes and looked down at her.
"Selina? Why are you...?"
Selina smiled. Her face was wet with spit and pre-cum. Her goggle sparkled from the top of her head.
"Oh, don't worry stud. It's not over."
Selina drooled over her boobs, her tongue sticking out. Her eyes never stopped looking at Bruce. Bruce felt a wave of excitement that shook him visibly.
He was about to experience the best feeling in the world. Once again.
"Let's see if you can last more than last time, Bruce... Consider it a challenge."
Selina slid his cock between her tits and started to move them up and down.
She grinned at him.
"I bet you can't. I bet you'll come before I said you can. Just like last time..."
Bruce clenched his jaw, as he admired her.
Her deep, green eyes. Her big, wet boobs around his cock. Her sly smile.
He was afraid that she'd win the bet.
"I'll see what I can do, Selina..."
Selina giggled and started going faster.
She also went back to the dirty talk, during the pauses when she wasn't licking the head of his cock. Oh, how she loved the taste and shape of Bruce's cock.
And to think that, just 15 minutes ago, it had been smallish and soft.
Bruce had to hold on to the towel rack, as Selina tortured him.
"Oh, yeah... You like that, Bruce? My big, soft tits around your meaty, hard cock? You like it when I lick the tip? You like it when I squeeze those tits around your shaft? Think you're gonna manage to keep that hot load inside you long enough? You know I love your milk, but you have to try and resist... Give it to me only when I TELL you to. OK?"
Selina kept stroking, licking, sucking, kissing, talking dirty and torturing Bruce for another 10 minutes. Bruce was going insane. Even his training was hardly enough for THIS.
Selina gave Bruce's cock one last kiss, then she decided he'd spare him.
She spoke to him with a soft, husky voice, as she kept moving her glorious breasts up and down.
"Wow, I'm impressed Bruce. Good boy... OK you can come soon."
Bruce grunted, while Selina smiled.
" Come when I say go, OK? I'll do a countdown..."
Bruce nodded, as he stared at the awesome scene of Selina's wet breasts and her mesmerizing eyes.
" Ten... Feel my breasts, my wet breasts around your shaft..."
Bruce grunted softly. It was becoming REALLY difficult to hold it in.
"Nine... Your cock is so fucking beautiful..."
Selina licked the tip and Bruce's muscles tensed up.
"Eight... That's right... Seven... Almost there... Six... Fuck yeah... Five... I can hear your cock throb like mad, holy fuck..."
Selina kept moving her breasts. His cock was now positively huge and hard as a fucking rock. She adored the feeling of it between her breasts. She often masturbated thinking about it. She was so wet, right now.
"Four... It's almost time, baby... Three... Prepare yourself... Two... Oh, God, your cock is so big... One..."
Selina and Bruce locked eyes. He was about to explode. She gave him the most sensual, adoring and naughty look he had ever seen.
It was a look that said "I'd do anything to pleasure you".
Selina squeezed her breasts and put out her tongue.
"GO! Give it to me, baby! Give it to me, Bruce! Cum for me, fucking cum for me! Fucking cum all over my face!"
Bruce let out a loud scream, as what seemed like half a liter of cum shot out of his hard, throbbing member. It covered Selina's breasts, her tongue, her face, her goggles. It dripped down the front of her costume and on her legs.
He kept on coming, as she accompanied each wave with a trust of her breasts, laughing happily at the sight of his pleasure and at the feeling of his warm, delicious cum.
After a while, he calmed down.
She licked a drop of cum off the tip of his cock, which was now going soft, then she gave it a loving kiss and gently released it from her breasts.
Bruce's eyes were closed, he felt exhausted, but also ungodly satisfied.
He heard a slurping sound and looked down.
Selina was licking up the cum from her breasts and costume, her eyes were closed and she looked like she was feeling pure ecstasy.
As Bruce admired this amazing sight (despite having come just a minute ago, he could swore his cock was swelling up again), he heard the door from the main entrance close.
"Master Bruce! I'm back, Sir!"
Bruce put a finger in front of his lips. Selina nodded, as she licked a drop of cum off her own.
Bruce walked behind her and looked into the corridor. There was Alfred.
"Are you alright, Sir? May I bring anything?"
"No, Alfred, thank you. I was just..."
Bruce looked into the bathroom. Selina was gone. The window was open.
Bruce looked over to Alfred again, who seemed a little concerned. Bruce guesses that he must look exhausted.
"I was just about to take a shower, Alfred. I'll be right down."
"Very well, Sir."
Bruce closed the door. Selina had left, but here was still her perfume in the air.
He walked into the shower and turned the water on again. He leaned on the wall and closed his eyes.
It was going to be hard to focus during patrol, that night.