Lister was fairly tense the next morning, but there were no hushed whispers or furtive looks his way as he walked through the village to the farm the next morning. By the time he met up with the others at the barn, he knew that what had happened was still strictly between him and Jason. It had crossed his mind that Jason might have confessed to Richard and Adam, which wasn’t entirely impossible. He knew they could be trusted not to spread the news, but they probably wouldn’t be too impressed either and might give the pair of them a bit of a bollocking for doing something so stupid. But when he arrived they greeted him normally enough; and Jason, though he seemed somewhat subdued, did no more than give him a slightly sad smile then carried on as though nothing had happened. He was off the hook.

It took a while for Lister to feel completely at ease with the situation - he kept expecting to come home one night to find Rimmer gone and a note saying he knew everything – but the night never came and, gradually, he relaxed. He and Jason kept a discreet but respectful distance from each other for a week or so, just to get over most of the weirdness, but Richard and Adam didn’t seem to notice and it wasn’t long before things were back to normal.

Although...sometimes Lister would look up from his work and he would see Jason staring over at him with a sad expression. And he would smile weakly to try and say Hey, still friends remember? And Jason would smile back just as weakly and go back to what he was doing. It wasn’t a perfect set-up, but they both knew where they stood and that was the important thing. Jason would get over it and find someone else soon enough and then things would be fine again; but until that happened they simply had to live with it and each other.

Meanwhile, Lister was just enjoying his relationship with Rimmer with the renewed appreciation of someone who’s come a bit too close to losing something. As spring deepened swiftly into summer, their first anniversary started to approach. He could tell Rimmer was excited, and he was too; but they were both resisting saying too much to each other about it just yet. This was the longest relationship Rimmer had ever had, and one of only a few long-term relationships for Lister, and they were both wary of ruining the upcoming celebration by building up too much expectation. They were also trying to find out from each other, in a roundabout sort of way, which of them was meant to be organising things. Traditionally it would be up to the man in a relationship to arrange for dinner or drinks or some such thing; but when both participants in the relationship are male, it can cause some problems.

Lister had turned to Ethan for help with this perplexing conundrum, but had not got the response he’d been looking for. “Why are you worrying about it?” Ethan had asked, “You know Rimmer will sort something out.”

“Why?” Lister asked indignantly, “Why not me?”

“Well, because Rimmer’s the man.” Lister coughed pointedly and raised an eyebrow. “Yes, yes, I know technically you’re both male but when it comes to your relationship we all know that Rimmer’s the man.”

“He is not!”

“He is, Dave. Admit it.”

“Why?”

“You do all the cooking.”

“Only because I usually get home first!”

“Okay, well who usually tops?”

“Ethan!”

“It’s Rimmer, isn’t it?”

“We take turns!”

“But most of the time it’s Rimmer, right?” 

Lister huffed slightly and looked away and Ethan grinned. “And, here comes the clincher...He’s bigger than you.”

“So? You don’t think I could take him on?” Lister said incredulously, “You’re seriously telling me you don’t think I could take on Rimmer in a scrap?” Ethan just looked at him.

Lister was astounded. Just a few years ago the very idea that he couldn’t beat Rimmer in a fight would have been...well, laughable. But, now that he thought about it, Rimmer had trained himself up to be Ace. Perhaps these days he would be able to at least give Lister a run for his money. As Ethan had pointed out, he was both bigger and heavier; and broader across the shoulders. Lister was still pondering this when Ethan patted his shoulder sympathetically, “Face it, Dave. You’re his bitch. But, hey, I’m assuming you like it, ‘cause otherwise you wouldn’t be there, right? Just be grateful you’re not the one who has to sort out this anniversary stuff.”