Writer's Block
by Jastes22

Part 1: Emma asks her friend, David, to strip her naked for research on her book

I groaned and pushed my chair away from the computer. My eyes burned from staring at the screen for so long, and my legs were cramping up.

David looked up from his homework. "What's up?" He was my next-door neighbor, and my parents absolutely loved him. Said he was a "good influence" on me, whatever that meant. Even with my parents gone for a few days, they had no qualms about him coming over. He was a good guy, and I felt completely safe around him.

"I've been working on this book for so long, but I just can't get this chapter down right. I'm having some serious writer's block."

"What's the chapter about?"

I blushed. "It's...not really appropriate."

"Oh," David said. He turned back to his homework.

"The main character gets stripped naked," I blurted. I felt my face flush with embarrassment.

That made him look up again. "What? Why?"

"Well, the main character, the governor's daughter, gets captured by pirates, stripped naked, and has to make a deal with the devil to get freed before they...you know..."

David was silent, and I knew he was trying to find some way to tactfully respond. He probably thought I was going to judge what he was going to say, but I honestly didn't care. "Well...if you're having trouble with it, can you try writing a different scene that works?"

I shook my head. "It's crucial to the story. I need to write it this way, and I need to write it well, or the whole story falls apart," I said. "I'm just having a hard time visualizing it and describing her emotions. I've never gone through anything like that."

David nodded. "Well, I doubt I'd be much help. English has never been my strong suit. And I've never been a pirate."

His words started my mind brewing. Never been a pirate...As I looked at him, poring over his homework with that cute, determined look of his, an idea struck me. "David..."

"Hmm?"

"Would you...strip me naked?"

He looked up, completely unable to concentrate now. "What?"

"You know...strip me naked," I said. Oh my gosh, what was I saying? "Strip me down like a pirate would. And I mean like get really into it. Tear my clothes off, be rough with me, everything. Give me the whole experience"

"Emma, I don't think-"

"It would really help," I said. I spoke quickly, before the idea vanished. It had hooked itself into my mind, and I couldn't let it go. I had to make this happen. "If I can visualize it and draw from my own experience, it'll make the scene so much easier to write."

David stayed silent for a long moment. I don't think he could trust himself to say anything, and it was kind of cute. I was asking him, his neighbor, to strip me naked. It was a boy's dream come true, but he was too shy and respectful of me to agree outright.

"Please?"

"Listen, Emma, I like you, and I want to help, but I don't want this to affect our friendship, especially if I'm going to actually see you naked."

I felt a tugging in my heart. Of all things, David was worried about our friendship! It was so adorable. I knew from years of hanging out with him and teasing him that he always wanted to see me naked, but he had always been too polite to admit as much. "Don't worry! This won't affect our friendship at all! Everything is purely for research, and I trust you completely."

"...Okay, but a few ground rules."

"Sure!"

"First, when you say, 'get into it', you got to mean it. You have got to be ready to let me do anything I want, whatever I think a pirate would do without being illegal. Otherwise, I might do something you're not ready for and it makes our relationship awkward."

"Of course," I said. "Anything goes. That's exactly what I want, too."

"Next, we need a safe word or phrase. If I'm going too far, you need to tell me."

I nodded. I was going to suggest the same thing. "How about 'writer's block?'"

"Okay, that sounds good."

"Oh, and I want you to tie me up."

"Emma..."

"Come on! It's part of the scene! You said you wanted to be all in!" I didn't give him a chance to argue against it. I ran to the box of materials in the garage and pulled out a long, bundled piece of rope. Rope in hand, I grabbed David's hand and pulled him out of the house into the backyard. I pulled him to the basketball post. "It's like the mast of a ship," I said.

"Okay, I'm going to start," David said. "You ready?"

I was surprised how excited I was. "Yep! Remember, no holding back unless I use the safe words."

David growled and shoved me against the post. "Don't scream, or I'll rip your throat out." He started to tie my hands, and then raised them above my head and tied the rope to the basketball hoop.

I blinked, a little surprised. Oh, yeah, I told him to give me the whole experience. Suddenly, fear registered in my brain. The safe word almost slipped out of my mouth, but I kept it in. I wanted to see this through.

David, sensing my struggle, hesitated for a moment. When I said nothing, he nodded, as if reassuring himself. He and I shared a look, and I saw something come over him. He was realizing how much power he had over me, and it was intoxicating. He could do whatever he wanted.

With that realization, he reached over and grabbed the hem of my blouse with both hands. I felt my breath catch.

Riiiiipp.

His hands pulled and tore my blouse open, right down the middle. He flung both halves to the side, exposing my bare stomach and bra.

Despite his threat, I shrieked, struggling against my bonds.

Writer's block! Writer's block!

But I couldn't bring myself to say it. A strange sensation was arising in me, starting in my crotch and rising up to my neck. I wanted to see this through. All the way through. I knew David wouldn't hurt me, but I was loving this raw emotion of terror that was coming over me.

He ripped my blouse further at the arms, tearing it off completely and throwing it aside.

"Please..." I gasped. I was his prisoner. In that moment, I realized that I was enjoying this, the complete surrender of control.

I waited for him to reach down to pull off my jeans. Instead, he stepped behind me, and I squirmed. Unable to see him and what he was planning to do was maddening.

Cold hands wrapped around my waist. I gasped, suddenly unable to breathe. David's fingers disappeared underneath my pants, but not my panties. I moaned as his fingers rubbed my crotch furiously, tracing my pussy, covered by only my white and pink panties. His other hand reached up and grabbed me by the throat. Firmly, but not too tight. Despite my instructions to go all out, he was still holding back. "I don't care if you're the governor's daughter, understand? You're mine now. All mine."

I nodded, beginning to feel tears well up in my eyes. From terror or the growing warmth in my pussy, or a combination of both, I wasn't sure. All I could do was whimper.

His hand released my throat and began to unbuckle my jeans and then pull down the zipper. I could see the top of my panties. Without the jeans to get in the way of his hand, he switched from his finger rubbing my crotch to his whole hand. I moaned in pleasure at the roughness.

He hooked fingers on both sides of my pants and pulled them down to my knees. My breath caught again. I was standing there, in the middle of my backyard, in only my underwear.

David took a step back to admire his work. He seemed dissatisfied. "One moment, missy. I need to do something real fast."

I looked at him, confused.

"Oh, don't worry. We'll finish up soon, I promise." He leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I shuddered out of pure pleasure. His breath felt warm, and the wetness left behind by his lips was like electricity on my skin.

He went back inside. As I hung there, I tried to navigate the emotions I was feeling. Definitely terror, which was good, but also a kind of fascination with the whole thing, especially David. He was really helping me out here. But that strange sensation of actually enjoying the experience was also terrifying in its own way, and I wasn't sure what to do with it.

He was taking a little longer than I expected. I had a moment of panic. What if he was just going to leave me out here, half-naked? It was a quiet neighborhood, but someone was bound to see me eventually.

David returned. He was holding a knife. Not a butter knife, but one of those big hunting knives my dad kept in the garage.

"Wait, wait, wait!" I pleaded.

Hesitation again from his part. He waited for just a second for me to say the safe words. I couldn't even remember them anymore.

"Don't move," he growled. He grabbed the middle of my bra and slid the knife underneath. The coldness of the flat side of the knife made me gasp. David pulled the knife towards him. The severed cups of my bra sprang away from my skin and fell to the ground, useless. I closed my eyes and bit my lip. This was really happening. My best friend was seeing me naked!

David stepped back, admiring his work. He reached forward, tentatively, and grabbed my left breast, pushing and squeezing it. Fingernails brushed against my sensitive nipples, and it took all my strength to not moan again. He set the knife down and grabbed both of my tits with his hands. He squeezed and pulled and kneaded them like a baker manipulating bread dough.

"Stop, please!" I pleaded.

No hesitation anymore. I found myself oddly proud of him. He squeezed hard, painfully, digging his fingernails in my skin, leaving little pricks. My pussy was getting wet, and my legs were getting weak.

Crap, I thought. David was about to cut my panties off--he was going to see!

Unaware of my predicament--or at least indifferent--, he hooked the side of my panties with a finger and pulled them out. I felt the knife slide between my panties and leg, then felt the tension in my panties release and fall away.

David stepped away again, breathing hard. We were both breathing hard, I realized.

I opened my eyes which were filled with tears. He was looking at me, his eyes rolling up and down my very naked body like a seesaw. His eyes took a few seconds longer on my pussy, and I knew he could see the wetness there, and I could see a bulge in his pants. He was fascinated, and despite everything, I felt myself blush. I could've kissed him right there.

David didn't say anything for a moment, just drinking me in. I realized that he probably fantasized about this moment for years. He looked like he wanted to do even more, like a wolf preparing for the killing blow on a defenseless animal, but than that same timidity I had grown to love came over him. "I guess you'd make the deal with the demon now and be freed," he said. He sounded a little disappointed. He reached up to begin untying me.

"Wait," I said. I couldn't let this experience end. Not right now.

He paused.

"What if I...didn't?"

It took him a second to understand what I was implying. He grinned. The wolf was back. He untied the rope above my head, but kept my hands bound. He picked me up, slung my naked self over his shoulder, and carried me inside to continue our little adventure.


Part 2: The Pirate Devil - Emma and David continue their adventure inside. David gets bolder.

David carried me inside and placed me on the ground. I was glad to be inside where I wouldn’t be exposed to the eyes of the neighbors, but it opened new avenues to what David could do to me. He took a step back, surveying my whole body like I was a piece of jewelry.

I realized with panic by giving him permission to continue on, he knew that I was never going to say those safe words. And that meant he knew he could do whatever he wanted. And that terrified me.

He lifted my hands up and tied them to the light fixture above. The rope was just short enough that I had to stand on my tiptoes, my legs extended fully, and arms straightened out above me like puppet strings. Directly under the light, my skin started to feel the heat and my forehead began to sweat. Or was that the feeling of complete helplessness?

“Now, you be a good girl and don’t be any trouble,” David said. He reached out and touched my skin, just underneath my armpit. I gasped, shrinking away. The safe phrase was a distant memory now.

He disappeared out of sight. Gosh, I hated it when I couldn’t see him.

A long, painful moment passed. A hand reached out and touched my side. I squealed, pulling away again. Now that I was freestanding instead of constrained to the basketball post, I felt myself shuddering at every touch. Without clothes, I was sensitive to every little stimulus.

His hands wrapped around my arms and grabbed both of my breasts, his hands fully engulfing my orbs. With him being behind me instead of in front, he was able to clench them much more firmly than he had when I was tied to the basketball post. He pulled me back, pressing my butt against his very hard and firm erection. I could only moan.

He held me there for a long moment, and I started to squirm. My pussy was begging for attention. I thought about saying the safe words so I could finally release myself, but I couldn’t bring myself to say it, to end this experience. Holy crap, this felt amazing. I knew having someone else bringing me to cum would be a thousand times more intense and enjoyable than if I were to do it myself. I was a prisoner to my own horniness.

His hands began to move downwards. He didn’t dig in like he had with my tits, but he let his fingernails just lightly graze my skin as he moved them methodically down to my chest, then my ribcage, then to my stomach. It felt like little mouse feet were scurrying down my body. He was leaving no inch unexplored. As he moved, I was very aware that, behind me, his head was moving down with them, and he was getting a very intimate view of my butt. As he began to move down to my pubic area, I willed his hands to touch me in my privates, to finally give me relief, but at the last moment they diverged and went down both legs. I groaned internally. Please, David!

David gave me a playful slap on my butt. Despite everything, with the insane amount of tension in between my legs, and my mind basically useless, a laugh escaped my lips. I panicked, realizing what I had just done. I tried to play it off as a strange-sounding squeal, but David had noticed.

“Oh, you liked that, didn’t you?”

“N-n-no.”

“Don’t lie to me, wench,” he growled.

“Y-yes. I liked it,” I said, my ability to resist pathetic. “Please...spank me.” Oh my gosh, what did I just say? Spank me? I had never been into that sort of thing, but my body was overruling my brain right now.

Shocked at my own audacity, I didn’t even notice David had brought over a chair until he started to untie me and carry me over.

He placed me on his lap, my tits hanging over his leg and my pussy right on top of his erection.

“Don’t squirm too much,” he said. “I would hate to drop you.” There was genuine concern in his voice, just a hint. This was David, I reminded myself. My best friend. He wouldn’t deliberately harm me beyond some spankings. I felt myself breathe a little easier, but not by a lot. Still...this felt different. Outside, it had been mostly David, with a little bit of pirate. Inside, now, it was flipped—a full-on pirate with no qualms with what he would do to me...with a little bit of David.

I waited for the first strike. A long moment passed. When was he—

*Spank*

I screeched at the sharp pain that erupted on my left butt cheek. Suddenly, I couldn’t breathe, the pleasurable feelings from my crotch expanding to engulf my entire body, and it took everything to not succumb. He continued, oblivious to the war raging inside me.

As he spanked me, I discovered a new aspect of my torture: Shame. With each strike, I felt myself grow wetter and wetter, the warmth in my crotch almost unbearable. My screams turned into moans, and I wanted to disappear rather than admit to myself that I was actually enjoying this.

Say the words. Just say the words.

I...I can’t.

Somehow, David knew how to bring me just to the very edge of exploding without actually going over, and it was maddening. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t say the words. I was still very much his prisoner, and escape was becoming less and less of an option.

Occasionally, while continuing to slap me with one hand, he would reach down and tweak a nipple. I tried everything not to, but each time he did, I squealed and then purred like a helpless little kitten.

Suddenly, he stopped. Why did he stop? I didn’t want him to stop.

Still on his lap, I felt his fingers crawl up my back, giving it the same treatment as he had my front, particularly paying attention to my butt cheeks. I realized how completely vulnerable I was for him to be able to touch me like this. A finger or two would slip into the crack momentarily, and I bit my lip to suppress a scream. Everything was wet. Sweat covered my skin like slick morning dew, and my body felt unbearably hot. I didn't remember starting—maybe it never stopped from outside—, but the tears were coming freely now.

His fingers arrived at my collarbone and then reached up to my hair. He grabbed a chunk of it, as if to yank my head up, but then he changed his mind. His fingers unfurled and began to comb through my hair. I started to purr again, the noise vibrating from my throat.

“What a beaut’,” he said. “You sure would be worth a pretty penny at the market. But you’re mine.”

He picked me up and started to walk towards the stairs. Up we went, and suddenly we were in my room.

“I’ve always wanted to do this,” he said. I couldn’t tell if that was the pirate speaking, or David speaking. Maybe it didn’t matter.

He threw me on my king-sized bed facing up. I tried to curl myself into a ball to cover myself, but my body felt sluggish and drowsy. David was having none of that. He grabbed my legs and threw them wide, tying each to one of the posts with my socks. Then he untied my hands and retied them to the opposite bed posts.

My breath hitched as my body was tied taut, firmly tying me down in a spread-eagle position. I had never revealed it to anyone, but I found the spread-eagle position turned me on, so vulnerable and so exposed. Of course, I only imagined it with other people, not myself. My pussy was spread out fully, and I was sure that David could see every bit of me inside.

He jumped onto the bed and straddled me, looking almost directly down at me. I could feel his erection through his pants rubbing against my leg. “I hope you’re enjoying this,” he said. “I know I am.” He leaned down and extended his tongue, licking my stomach and moving up. I screamed, the sensation like fire. Insanely pleasurable and yet extremely agonizing at the same time.

His tongue reached my right nipple, and he wrapped his mouth around it, rolling my nipple with his tongue and nipping at it. I thrashed and screamed, but it did nothing. He moved to the right nipple, except he began massaging my left breast with one hand, and the other slid down my body to finger my pussy. Not too deep, or I would have orgasmed, but just light enough that I could feel it send surges of warmth through me and my whole body—not just my pussy—making it scream for release, tantalized by the orgasm that it couldn’t have. How was he doing that? Did he even know how much torment he was putting me through by keeping me so close to the edge?

Say it!

No!

And suddenly, he was gone. He stood up and left, obviously on the hunt for something, leaving me right as I was about to climax. I swear, he was a devil in disguise. It was ironic. The main character makes a deal with the devil to escape. My choice had been to not make a deal, but by doing that, maybe I had placed myself in the hands of a completely different kind of devil.

As I laid there and the moments stretched into minutes, I began to squirm against my bonds. What was he doing now? Every time he disappeared, he came back with a new form of torture, each one worse than the last.

In the haze of hormones and conflicting emotions I was swimming in, I had a moment of clarity. This was not what I had in mind when I suggested the idea to David, but I couldn’t exactly be mad at him. This was the purest form of excitement mixed with terror I had ever felt. David was only doing what I asked him to do, and it wasn’t like he was doing this against my will. I could stop it at any time—but I knew I wouldn’t. All of this was on me.

He returned holding the hunting knife again. What in the world was he going to do with that? I felt a moment of panic. No, he wasn’t going to hurt me. At least...I hoped not. That wasn’t David. Of course, it wasn’t David to tie me up spread-eagle and fondle my breast while fingering me at the same time, either.

“You’ve been a good girl, and I can see that you’ve been enjoying this,” he said. “Time for a little reward.”

He straddled me again, but this time with his back to me. What was he doing?

Something cold and metallic touched my pussy.

Holy freaking crap.

He was rubbing the flat side of the knife against my pussy! I couldn’t explain it, but the feeling the slight sharpness of the knife, literally on top of my pussy was terrifyingly stimulating to my already sensitive pussy. I was in no danger, but the illusion of it was enough to drive me absolutely wild.

I screamed obscenities and other choice words that I never had before. The dam in my body finally, mercifully, cracked, and cum squirted out of me like a hose, all over my covers. I knew that David’s position on my body gave him a front row seat to everything, but I could hardly care. I squirted more than I have ever in my life. I collapsed into the bed, gasping for air like I had just run a marathon.

For a while, I wasn’t aware of much of anything. My climax had completely wiped me and my mental facilities out. When I came to, David was untying me.

“A-are we d-done?” I wasn’t sure how I wanted him to answer that question.

He grinned. “Not quite. I wouldn’t be much of a pirate if I didn’t make you walk the plank.”

“What? What plank?”

Instead of answering me, he picked me up, tenderly. My arms wrapped around his neck. Even though I wasn’t bound anymore, my extremities were nearly useless. I couldn’t even find the strength to bring my limbs up to cover myself.

The front door was open, with a long wooden plank extending from the hallway to the edge of the doorway entrance. He must’ve put it out when he was grabbing the knife, I thought.

He set me down. I nearly collapsed; my legs were so weak. “Go on. Walk the plank.”

“W-w-what? But it goes outside!”

He grinned. “Yes. That’s the point.”

I swallowed. I should have said the safe words right then and there. I had climaxed. I had gotten what I was holding out for, finally. But I wanted to finish this. Doing this would entirely submit myself to David. I realized at that moment that that was what I wanted the whole time, why I could never bring myself to say the safe words, why I asked David to spank me, or even suggest the whole experience in the first place. I craved the feeling of being completely submissive.

I put one foot in front of the other, gingerly testing the strength of the plank. The wood fiber was an odd sensation on my bare feet, and it only served to remind me of my own nakedness. My balance felt off—I was still dizzy from my climax. I wondered what David would do if I fell off. For just a moment, I was tempted to do just that to extend his treatment of me.

I made it to the end of the plank. Standing there at the very edge of the open door, completely naked and facing the street, I felt completely and utterly exposed. Shame, excitement, terror—it all came to me at once.

I stepped across the barrier, off the “plank” and onto the front patio.

“Good,” David said. He leaned on the doorframe, preventing me from going back inside. “You know what? There’s something still missing here. You’ve walked the plank, but now you need to be marooned.”

“M-marooned? Like abandoned? O-out here? N-n-naked?” The words didn’t seem real coming out of my mouth. How did I get here? I agreed to David stripping me in the backyard and even playing with me inside but being out in public was too much. And yet, once again, I couldn’t bring myself to say the safe words. “Writer’s block” was the most foreign thing in my vocabulary.

“Yes. I think an hour or two should be good. Don’t leave the patio, or you’ll be marooned for longer. I’ll come out to get you later.”

He closed the door, and it *clicked* as he locked it, leaving me stranded outside.


Part 3: Enslaved - David destroys Emma's ability to resist.

The sound of an approaching car kicked up the terror burning in my chest. I yelped and fell to the ground, wrapping my arms around my body and trying to be as small as possible. The car, a red sedan, went by me and passed. I tried to relax, to breathe, but my body was too tense to allow it.

It was fine, I told myself. Most people kept their eyes on the road, not looking to the sides at all the houses. Still, just the possibility of some stranger seeing me naked was terrifying.

Why? You had no qualms about David seeing you naked.

That’s different, I told myself, my eyes filling with tears.

Or was it? Did I secretly crave that sensation, of someone seeing me at my vulnerable, exploring my naked body like David had? Being controlled?

Another car approached. It moved down the street like the other one did, but I could’ve sworn it slowed down, just slightly, before passing. I swallowed. Had the driver seen me? What did they think? Did they think that I was being coerced outside naked? Did they think I was enjoying this?

My legs were starting to fall asleep. I stood up and walked back-and-forth on the patio. The sensation of bare feet on the concrete and the cold wind on my crotch felt odd.

Another car came down the street, faster than the other two. I didn’t have time to retreat to my fetal position. Instead, my eyes saw two people in the car, one in the passenger seat. The occupant of the seat looked bored, staring out the window. His eyes widened at the sight of me, and I knew that he could see everything. I groaned and retreated to my position. My cheeks turned red, and my crotch, still sensitive from my orgasm a little bit ago, burned.

The car passed, but the damage had been done. I could hear more cars coming. I turned around and pounded on the door.

David opened the door immediately. He must have been waiting, I realized, expecting me to cave. His eyes were full of concern, and from the way he looked at me, he fully expected me to finally say the safe words and end the experience. He was still holding the knife.

Except, I didn’t. I had every intention of saying them when I started knocking, but now that I saw him, something powerful came over me. A desire—no, a need—to be completely controlled by him.

Completely dominated by him.

It took him a second to regain his composure when he realized I wasn’t going to say the safe words.

“You’re marooning isn’t over,” he growled. His eyes ran up and down my body, and I blushed.

“Please, let me back in,” I begged.

“Those aren’t the terms,” he said. “It’s barely been ten minutes.”

“Please. I’ll do anything. Just get me out of here!”

David narrowed his eyes. “What will you give me?”

“What?”

“You said you’ll do anything. Make me an offer.”

Distantly, I wondered if the safe words would even have any power at this point, that David would even honor them.

“I’ll...I’ll be your slave.”

For a moment, he looked surprised at my offer. “For how long?”

For how long? He wanted to make this thing last longer than one evening? How had this experience gotten so out of control? “For the weekend,” I said. “I’ll come over this weekend and you can do whatever you want to me for two days.”

“Hmm...2 months.”

“What? No way! 4 days.” My words made my throat dry. Holy crap, I was actually going to let him enslave me. Every time I bargained, the amount of time he owned me would grow and grow.

“A month and a half.”

“A week.”

“14 days.”

I opened my mouth to bargain again, but his eyes made me whimper. He wasn’t going to budge. I could hear another car coming, and I realized my ability to negotiate my sentence was dwindling quickly.

“F-fine, but only if I stay inside.”

“I’ll pick the time and location, wench.” He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me inside.

He shut the door and grabbed me by my hair again, pulling me up to my feet. I whimpered at the pain. He wrapped his arms around me, one around my neck and the other holding the knife to my cheek. “You are my slave, and so there are some rules. You will not question my orders. You will do everything I ask without complaint. You will not cover yourself, ever. Do you understand?”

I nodded, the sensation of the knife on my neck terrifying. The tears that had started outside were coming in full force, heavy, fat droplets running down my face. “Y-yes.”

“Finally, this is your sentence, and it is non-negotiable. You will not beg or bargain for release.”

The real meaning of his words was clear: The safe words were no longer safe. I had no more power to save myself.

His hand released my neck and twirled itself through my hair. I shuddered as the knife dragged down my cheek and towards my breast. Much like my pussy, the feeling of the sharp edge of the knife on my nipples was terrifyingly stimulating. He alternated between each breast, just dragging it across my hard and erect nipples. I moaned, nearly collapsing right there.

He half-carried me, half-pulled me up the stairs back to my room. He threw me back on my bed, spread out my limbs but didn’t tie me up. I realized he expected me to simply hold myself down as he did whatever he wanted to do to me. I resisted the urge to roll up into a ball to cover myself. I could still feel my wet sheets from where I had orgasmed before.

“T-this is day one, right? Of my sentence?”

He glared at me. “What did I say about negotiating?”

I blushed and whimpered demurely.

“No, your sentence doesn’t start until tomorrow. The rest of today is just a payment of good faith.”

The thought of two whole weeks as a slave was daunting. If I could do anything to shorten it, I would. “P-please...”

He rolled his eyes, annoyed. “You need to be quiet. Perhaps one of your panties will serve as a suitable gag.” He pulled my drawers up at random, rummaging through.

“Wait--”

“Emma...what’s this?” I blushed furiously at the sight of my secret vibrator in his hand. He walked to me, towering over me like a giant. I whimpered. “David...”

“Quiet!’” He shoved the vibrator into my pussy, and my slick lips gave absolutely no resistance. I screamed, my limbs flailing. The fact that I wasn’t tied down made it even harder, as I had to resist every urge to jump out of my bed and run, which would only make my punishment worse. The sensations of the vibrations running through my body were mind-shattering, and I groaned as another orgasm bubbled up to the surface but didn’t crack. Holy crap, I needed release.

David pulled the vibrator out, slick with sweat and my insides, and threw it aside.

“Wait...,” I said, my voice hoarse.

“No negotiating.”

“Please...finish me. With the vibrator. I need...”

He grinned. “What will you give me?”

I swallowed. He was going to make me do this again? “A-another week,” I said.

“Not good enough,” he said, turning away.

My crotch wouldn’t let him leave. “Fine! A month!”

He paused but didn’t come closer.

“Two months!” I shouted.

He grinned. “Good. You’re being a good slave, so I’ll make it a month and a half.”

I blushed, deeply grateful for the reduced sentence. However, the realization that David had the power to reduce my “sentence” highlighted his complete control over me. It also made me want me want to please him in any way I could, knowing he could bestow rewards or take away punishments. Those two thoughts were enough for me to know that I was completely his slave, to be completely owned by him.

He pushed me back onto the bed and replaced the vibrator. I squealed as the sensations returned. He pushed down, hard, the vibrations increasing in intensity. I had never orgasmed so much in such a short amount of time in my life, but my stimulated body offered no shortage of bodily fluids to release. The dam burst, and cum squirted out of me. Not as much as the first time, but still a substantial amount. I collapsed onto the new pool of cum, completely spent.

“My slaves should always be clean,” he said. “Get up.”

I moaned softly as I rolled off the bed, my weak legs barely enough to keep me upright. I followed him across the hall to the master bathroom. What was he going to do to me there? He brought me to the threshold of the shower, one of the glass see-through showers.

“Bathe,” he said.

There was a slight barrier to the shower, just a couple of inches, but it might as well been mountains. I was afraid that if I lifted my legs and parted my pussy at all, I was going to collapse.

David, sensing my problem, grabbed my legs near my pelvis, pulling them up and over. I groaned at the sensation, and then my bare feet were touching the rough surface of the shower floor. I felt hot water come over me and purred at the sensation.

Captain grabbed a chair from the master bedroom and brought it into the bathroom and took a seat, just watching as I bathed. Again, I resisted the urge to cover myself. Showers were a safe place, a place one could be alone. The idea of someone watching me perform such an intimate activity felt like such a violation.

I stood there for a moment, my face towards the showerhead so David could see my butt, just letting the hot water clean me of the leftover cum in my pussy and the sweat that had accumulated over the last hour. Crap, had this whole thing only been an hour? It felt like an eternity since I asked David to strip me. David was gone, though, now. No one left to protect me. Only this pirate watching me wash myself.

I heard Captain shuffle behind, and the sound of a zipper, and then the soft thud of clothes falling to the floor.

I squeaked as Captain came up behind me, wrapping his arms around me and squeezing my tits. I felt his cock press against my leg. He reached up to grab the shampoo, slathering it on his hands and threading his fingers through my hair. I purred at the sensation of his fingers on my scalp, stroking my head as the smell of the scented shampoo filled my nose.

He grabbed the body wash next. Peach Blossom. His soapy hands ran up and down my body, lathering my skin. His wet hands explored my stomach, back, neck. He grabbed both of my tits and squeezed, making sure to get a generous amount of soap in my cleavage and nipples. He took extra care to explore my privates, probing his scented fingers into my pussy. Already over-stimulated, I gasped, unable to breathe. As he proceeded, my hands just hung there, unable to resist.

His fingers entered my crack, pulling and kneading my cheeks. I moaned intensely, the stimulation maddening. He chuckled and gave my butt a few swats. He turned the water off, but didn’t leave, instead just standing there behind me, breathing on my neck. “Turn around. On your knees and hands on your head.”

I could only nod as I turned and knelt on the ground. My hands felt heavy as I forced them onto my head. He stood there, naked like me, but with a certain aura of control. There was no question of who had the power here.

His cock was stuff. He grabbed my hair and shoved me into him. He held me there for a few seconds as my tongue explored his shaft, almost involuntarily.

He pulled me out. I took a deep breath, but before I could get any air in my lungs he pulled me back in.

In.

Out.

In.

Out.

His pace quickened, and I found myself short on breath, gasping every time he let me come up for air.

He groaned as he climaxed, and I felt hot cum slither down my throat, and I nearly gagged.

He stumbled out of the shower, his legs looking as weak as I felt.

“One moment.” He said.

“No...” I mumbled, but he was already gone. I groaned, knowing that whatever he had planned would be even worse than before, if that was possible. Every part of my body was on fire. I had been stripped, clothes cut off, fingered, thrown outside, and then fondled in my parents’ shower. All while I agreed to be my friend’s slave for nearly two months. It felt like a fever dream. There was no way this was actually happening.

He returned quickly, this time holding the rope and hunting knife. The two things that had been the source of my torment throughout the whole experience.

He carried me to the master bed and started to tie me up. But instead of bounding me in the spread-eagle position, he started to curl my limbs in the hogtie position, jutting out my chest and pelvis. I groaned as my shoulder tightened as he bound my arms behind me. He pushed me onto my side so my breasts and pussy were completely exposed to him.

He grabbed a tuft of pubic hair and started to cut. I squealed at the sensation of a knife instead of a razor cutting off my hair. I felt pressure, and I tensed my crotch to pull back from the knife, but I couldn’t move in my hogtied position.

Apparently satisfied with my shave, he dragged the edge of the knife against my now-bare pussy. Despite the sensation of the knife dragging across my pussy being familiar from earlier and my body being so tired from abuse, it still made me scream. He ignored my body’s pleas and continued to let the sharp edge drag down towards the opening in my vagina. He was going to stick the knife in!

He wouldn’t, would he? Honestly, I didn’t know. But the thought of David or whoever inserting something sharp into me drove me crazy.

It was my last chance to say anything. I didn’t even know if saying the safe words would do anything, but it was my only defense.

He continued to drag the knife painfully slow across my crotch. I groaned.

I needed to say the words. Now.

The knife was at the tip of my folds. A mere centimeter and it would enter me. Complete and utter terror filled me.

“Wait! Wait! Please! I’ll do anything!”

He paused.

The words wouldn’t come. Instead, there was only one thing I could think of to offer. “I-I’ll be your slave forever!” What was I saying? What was I doing? A slave forever? It didn’t stop the words from spilling out of mouth, though. “Whatever you want, I'll do it. Whenever you want! Just please don’t...”

David pulled back, but kept the knife in his hand. “You realize what you’re offering?”

Tears were coming freely, and my whole body ached. My mind, on the other hand, was going crazy. Was I really going to completely surrender myself to this? To repeat this evening day after day? All I could think about were those moments, letting David continue my torment after being stripped naked, being carried outside. The desire to be completely controlled. “Y-yes. Please.”

He nodded. “I accept. A lifetime of servitude to me. Your body is mine.” He stroked the side of my stomach tenderly. “And a beautiful body it is, Emma.”

I groaned and collapsed on the bed. David had known what he was doing. Everything he had done to this point was to get me to this moment, to completely surrender

The next thing I remember is waking up in my own bed. David was gone.

A week passed. David and I went back to our lives, back to being friends, like nothing happened. My parents returned from their trip, oblivious to what had occurred, and my life returned to what it was. I began to wonder if what had happened had actually happened, or if it had all been a dream.

My phone *dinged*, and my heart nearly leapt out of my chest.

It was David.

My place. 4 o’clock.

I swallowed, my fingers trembling as I set my phone down after I responded that I would be there at the time requested. I thought about not showing up, but I knew that I would never be able to stop myself. I belonged to him.

Still, I had a few hours before I needed to head over. I pulled open my laptop, created a new document, and started to write.

I groaned and pushed my chair away from the computer. My eyes burned from staring at the screen for so long, and my legs were cramping up.

David looked up from his homework. “What’s up?”
