My name is Alison. I have blue eyes and long blonde hair. I am 5'4 and quite slender but with quite large breasts for my size.I am 28 years old and have been married to Mark for almost six years. Mark and I get along very well in and out of the bedroom. He is my husband, my lover, my best friend, and at the risk of sounding a little bit corny, my soul mate!I had cheated on Mark a few times since we got married. I'm not sure why. Sex with Mark has always been good. He has a decent sized cock. Not porn star huge or anything but bigger than average, and he does know how to put it to good use. He keeps me very satisfied in the bedroom, but once in a while I wanted someone different. I was always discreet and I'm certain Mark never suspected anything.Even though I got married quite young, I had plenty of lovers before Mark. Not that I told him that of course. I was almost dreading the inevitable question early in our relationship. I knew that sooner or later Mark would ask how many men I had been with and while I'm not ashamed or anything, I really didn't want to tell him.I heard once that if you ask a man how many women he has fucked, divide his answer by three and you will have a number close to the actual truth. If you ask a woman how many men she has fucked, multiply her answer by three to get close to the true number. I believe it! Men always exaggerate their sexual prowess. Women tend to understate their sex history, even amongst themselves, so as not to appear to be a slut.I was 21 when Mark asked me the question. I playfully refused to answer at first but when I eventually answered him, I lied my ass off! I told him I had slept with eleven men before him. The real figure was closer to seventy!Like most girls, I didn't have many lovers at first. They were all boys I thought I was in love with. After a while and a few broken hearts, I started enjoying sex just for itself, with no emotional attachments. Just in the three years from 18 to 21, I must have had forty or fifty lovers.It wasn't the only thing I lied about! We were watching a porno one night with a scene where one girl took on multiple men. You know the one I mean. Oh wait! That's just about all of them isn't it! Mark asked me if I had ever done anything like that. I shyly admitted to having a threesome once!Once! Yeah right! Try six times! Seven if you count the time it was with a man and another girl. I also totally neglected to mention the one time where I got a bit drunk and fucked four young men that I let pick me up in a bar.So that's my history. A bit of a slut when I was younger but I settled down into a loving one on one relationship, allowing for the occasional discreet fuck on the side.I was very surprised when Mark first raised the idea of watching me fuck another man. He put it across in a joking way at first. He said something like dreaming about me screwing some other guy while he watched. I laughed it off and didn't think much of it but over the next six months it became a recurring theme in our after sex pillow talk.After we had just finished making love one night it came up again. We were lying in each other's arms following a wonderful fuck marathon where I came three times, when Mark started talking about fantasies and the subject of watching me with another man came up again.I got a bit annoyed! I felt like this was some kind of test and I said, "If you think I'm fucking any of your mates, you can forget it". Mark tried to turn the whole thing in to a joke and dropped the subject for a while. Sometime later when the subject came up again, I finally put the question straight to him."Do you really want to watch me getting fucked by someone else"? I asked.Mark hesitated before responding but eventually admitted that he had been fantasising about it for the last couple of years. He was almost apologetic in the way he told me about masturbating to the thought of some other man fucking me. He admitted he even thought about it while he was fucking me himself!I wasn't really sure how I felt about it. The thought of fucking someone else clearly didn't bother me. The amount of times I had cheated on Mark was proof of that. It was having my husband suggest it that concerned me. It made me feel insecure somehow. I think my biggest worry was that if I did this, Mark might find that he won't enjoy the reality as much as he enjoyed the fantasy, and I didn't want to lose him.I raised that point with Mark and he said he was sure it was what he wanted. He said he wanted to watch me cum while I fucked another man.I thought about it for quite a long time that night. I wasn't even sure if Mark was still awake. I quietly said his name and he responded. I told him that he was all the man I needed (not true obviously), but if he really wanted me to, I would do it for him. Mark snuggled in to me and gave me a big hug and kissed me. We made love again and it was even more passionate than usual.A few days later we actually started actively discussing it. Mark had clearly given it a lot of thought because he had it all worked out. He didn't just want to invite another man to fuck me. He wanted to watch secretly while I let someone, a total stranger, pick me up. That ruled out going to a hotel because there would be no way for Mark to watch. I wasn't willing to bring anyone back to our home but Mark had the solution.We have a van that we use for camping sometimes. It's not a proper camper van, just a utility van that Mark uses for work. When we use it for camping, we clear it out and throw a mattress down in the back. It has a sliding side door as well as the rear lift door. The driver's cabin is separated and has tinted side windows and another window between the seats looking in to the back. It has a kind of black mesh on it that can be seen through quite clearly either way if the other side of it is well lit.Mark's plan was to park the van outside a bar or nightclub and have me go inside and try and pick someone up. In all modesty that's not difficult! I was to bring the guy back to the van and make sure the light is on in the back. Mark could watch from the front cab. As long as there was no illumination in the front, Mark would be totally invisible while having a perfect view of the back where the action would take place. I would have total control of who I chose to fuck, and exactly how far I went.The night finally came and I was still a bit hesitant. I kept thinking that as it got close to becoming a reality, Mark would call it off and we would both just have a good laugh at the bizarre fantasy.I dressed the way a single girl out looking for a good time on a Saturday night would. I had a tight short skirt, and high heeled shoes. My dark blue top was almost like a thin sweater. It clung tightly to me and showed off the shape and size of my breasts. The wide rolled over neck could sit off of one shoulder, or if I stretched it a bit, I could even bare both shoulders. My long blonde hair cascaded down my back and stood out well against the deep blue colour of my top. I didn't wear a bra of course but I did slip on a pair of black lacy knickers. Victoria's Secret in fact!Mark drove us to the other side of town. A location where it was highly unlikely that we would bump into anyone we knew. He parked the van in a secluded part of the car park of the bar we had selected. The nose of the van was up against the wall of the building next door and Mark pulled in so close he was almost touching. That made it almost impossible for anyone to look through the windscreen. The sliding side door was alongside some bushes which gave good cover. We could have almost fucked in the back with the side door open and still not been seen by anyone.My heart was racing as zero hour approached. I asked Mark one more time if he was sure about this. He said he was! I kissed him and got out of the van. I walked very nervously to the front door of the bar. After one last look to see if Mark was watching me, maybe waving me to come back at the last second, I realised that wasn't going to happen and I went inside.It was a regular bar with the usual Saturday night crowd. I won't bore you with the details. It had been a while since I had done anything like this but I knew how to play the game. I went to the bar and got myself a drink. I smiled at the right people, the potentials, and ignored the others. I drank my glass of wine very quickly and ordered another. I was soon a approached by a young man I had given the right signals too. He was with a bunch of his friends near one of the pool tables. He stopped at the bar next to me and ordered a drink and we started talking.He told me his name was Paul and I told him mine was Alison. He was good looking and reasonably muscular. He was quite witty too and I found myself genuinely laughing despite being so nervous. I finished my second drink pretty quickly and Paul bought me another. The usual flirting took place. The unnecessary touching of my leg as he moved closer to say something in my ear in the noisy bar. That sort of flirting! When I didn't protest or withdraw in any way, he got braver.I had a couple more drinks. I don't know where the time went but I looked at my watch and realised I had been in the bar for almost two hours. Mark had been outside the whole time. It was still pretty early. It was only about 10pm and Paul was showing all the signs of being very patient. I decided to pick up the pace a bit. I started touching Paul and letting him know that I was definitely up for it. We kissed and touched and talked a bit more and finally Paul suggested that we go somewhere else. That was all the opening I needed."I have a van outside", I said.Paul's eyes lit up at the suggestion and we quickly finished our drinks and headed for the door. Paul had his hand around my waist. Fair enough too. I was a bit unsteady by this time. We made our way to my van. We squeezed past the bushes down the side which kind of made us hidden from sight.Paul pressed me up against the side of the van and kissed me. I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him back passionately. I knew mark could see us in the side mirror. We stayed there for a few minutes while Paul kissed me. He slid one hand up inside my top and began playing with my bare breasts. He seemed pleasantly surprised to find I wasn't wearing a bra. When he slid one hand between my legs, I lifted one leg and wrapped it around his thigh, giving him easy access to my moist area. He rubbed me through my knickers for a bit before slipping a finger inside them and then he started gently stroking my clit.Part of me still thought Mark might get out of the van at any moment, and put a stop to things. I rubbed Paul's cock through his jeans and I could feel he was hard and ready to go. I gave a loud moan as Paul slipped a finger deep inside me. I buried my face in his neck and let him finger fuck me for a minute or so before pulling back and saying, "Let's go inside".I unlocked the van and crawled inside onto the mattress. The inside light was on and Paul followed me inside the van and slid the door closed.I was sitting on my heels, kneeling in the back of the van, facing forwards. Paul came up to me and started kissing me and feeling me up again. I kissed him back and let his hands go wherever he wanted. My knees were separated, inviting him to touch me between my legs again, and he did.I threw my arms around his neck while he squeezed my breasts through my top and rubbed my cunt through my knickers. I stopped kissing him for a moment and Paul lifted my top over my head. I hugged him, pressing my bare breasts against his chest, while looking past him to the little window through to the front cab. In a flicker of light, just for a moment I could faintly see the silhouette of my husband watching us from only four feet away, through the black mesh. I looked at him as if to say, "This is the moment of no return. If you are going to stop this, do it now". There wasn't a sound from my husband, as I continued to get fingered and felt up by this handsome young stranger!Paul backed away a little and started to undo his jeans. He lay back and stripped off his jeans and shorts, showing a very hard cock, ready for action. I rocked back on to my bottom and Paul reached up my skirt and pulled off my knickers. I gently pushed him back so he was lying on his back with his head near the front of the van.I played with his cock a little bit but he didn't really need it. He was as hard as a rock. I didn't need any more foreplay either, I was dripping wet. I kept hold of Paul's cock with one hand and straddled him as I guided him to my opening. I gave one last look at the little window where I knew my husband was watching, before lowering myself, and impaling myself on Paul's cock.I rode Paul for five or ten minutes. I'm not really sure how long. I threw my head back and let my breasts stand out, inviting Paul to grab them. He did and I continued fucking him while he squeezed my breasts and gently pulled on my nipples, while Mark watched secretly from a few feet behind him.Paul rolled me over onto my back and got on top of me. Now my husband was about two feet behind my head, as I spread my legs and let Paul stick his cock back inside me again. He fucked me hard and fast in the standard "missionary" position. He didn't last much longer! It was only a few minutes more before he started fucking me faster, and making grunting noises. I knew he was about to cum!Paul suddenly let out a loud moan and pushed deep and hard inside me. I gave a little squeal when he gave that last mighty thrust. Suddenly I felt his cock twitching in spasms and the warm wetness of his cum flooding my insides. Paul was out of breath but managed to gasp out, "that was awesome", as he collapsed next to me on the mattress and slowly recovered.Now that it was over, I was getting very nervous again about how Mark would react to seeing his fantasy fulfilled. I just wanted to kick Paul out the door but I waited a few minutes before thanking him and indicating that he should leave. Paul got dressed and then he gave me one more kiss and copped a bit of a feel as he thanked me and left.I waited a few seconds to be sure he was out of hearing before looking up at the front of the van and asking my husband, "Is that what you wanted"?There was a slight pause while my heart raced. My mind went crazy with the thoughts that Mark might call me a slut and leave me, even though I just did what he asked me to.Then I heard Mark say "You didn't cum"."What?" I stammered!Again Mark said, "You didn't cum". "Why not?" he asked. Didn't you enjoy it?""Yes!" I said quietly."Then why didn't you cum?" he asked."I don't know". I said. "I was just too nervous, I think""I wanted to watch you cum" he said."I'm sorry Mark, I just couldn't" I said.There was silence from the other side of the screen. It was kind of weird talking to my husband through the mesh screen. I couldn't see him. It was like being in a confessional.I started to get dressed. I still had my shoes on, so I pulled my top over my head and reached for my knickers when Mark said,"You could go and get another one"I was stunned! I froze for a moment, kneeling on the mattress in the back of the van, with my knickers in my hand and my cunt dripping cum from a strangers cock."What?" I said again.Mark said, "You could go and get another one. I know you can handle it. I've fucked you for far longer than he did".That was true enough. I was barely getting warmed up and I could definitely go for some more fucking, but I hesitated, not knowing what to say. I was feeling very slutty about the whole situation, which was simultaneously embarrassing, and very erotic. The thought of going back in to the bar and picking up another young stud was exciting. I both wanted to and didn't want to. I knew I would do it if Mark asked me to though. Both because I wanted to and because I wanted to please him, and help him fulfil his fantasy."I want to watch you cum this time", Mark said as if the matter had already been decided. I knew then that I was going back inside. I started to put my knickers back on but Mark said, "Leave your pants here. I want to smell them".Once again I was surprised by Mark's statement. He had never before shown an interest in smelling my underwear. Not that I was aware of anyway. I was learning all sorts of new things about him tonight. Somewhat defiantly, I used my knickers to wipe the excess cum from between my legs, before obeying him and leaving my knickers behind.I slid on my bum to the door of the van and said, "I won't be long this time", as I exited the van and made my way, slightly unsteadily back to the bar.I went to the bathroom and recycled quite a lot of wine. I cleaned myself up a bit better than I could do with my knickers and went back in to the main part of the bar.I could see Paul back with his mates. One of them saw me and said something to Paul. He and all his mates looked round at me. He was obviously surprised to see me come back inside. It was also obvious that he had been telling his mates that he had just fucked me in the car park.As Paul's eyes met mine, I turned away in rejection, and walked to the bar and got another drink, a triple vodka and orange this time. The bartender gave me a knowing smile. I'm sure he sees this sort of thing all the time though.I hadn't even received my drink from the bartender when one of Paul's mates came up next to me and started chatting. He was reasonably discrete. He didn't say anything about me just fucking his friend and coming back for more. Although I knew that he knew that was exactly what happened and exactly why I was back in the bar.I found out his name was Jez. It was short for Jeremy I assume. It took me about ten minutes to finish my drink and my head was buzzing slightly. I must have had six or seven glasses of wine earlier, plus a couple of drinks before we left home. Now the triple spirit had me buzzing!Jez offered to buy me another. Very boldly I said, "I don't need another drink. Would you like to come outside with me?"Jez smiled and said "Sure".As easy as that, I picked up my second guy and with a feeling of DeJa-Vu, I walked to the door with his hand around my waist, steadying me as we walked.I crawled on to the mattress of the van, closely followed by Jez. Even before he was in the van, Jez had his hand up my skirt and was rubbing my exposed and wet pussy. I noticed that the knickers I had left behind in the van had mysteriously disappeared. Obviously Mark had retrieved them whilst I was in the bar. I could imagine him sniffing them in the front of the van.As Jez crawled into the van and closed the door, I took off my top and reached for his belt. Jez lay back on the mattress and helped me to pull down his pants. He had a very impressive looking cock. It wasn't hard yet but it clearly had potential. I started stroking his cock to get him erect so I could straddle him. It really was quite a thick piece of meat. My hand barely went all the way around it and it must have been at least eight inches, even while only semi hard.Jez reached up and grabbed my hair, pulling my head down towards his cock. I opened my mouth and started sucking him. Jez's cock quickly grew even larger as I sucked him off. My hand was firmly wrapped around the base of his cock and I was stroking him up and down about two thirds of his length, while my lips and tongue worked their magic on his purple head.For a while I completely forgot about my husband watching us from the front of the van. I was totally enthralled by the huge cock, rapidly hardening under my attentions. It took quite some time to get Jez fully hard. He clearly had been drinking a bit and that was slowing his response time but I didn't mind. I was like a child with a lollipop! A huge lollipop!When I finally had Jez nice and hard, I straddled him and lowered myself onto his cock, just like I had done to his friend Paul not long ago. I gave a long low moan as I felt myself opening to his large head. It took me a minute to slowly work that monster all the way inside me but it was worth it. I hadn't felt this full in years. Jez's wasn't the biggest cock I had ever had, but it was close.I'm not sure how long I rode Jez for but it was quite a while. My legs were starting to ache and I had to change positions! I told Jez I wanted him to fuck me from behind and he readily agreed. I lifted myself all the way off his cock and gave a whimper as his head pulled out and my ring contracted. I quickly got into `Doggy' position and Jez moved behind me. I was a little bit worried about taking a half drunk man with a giant cock in this position. He had the potential to hurt me if he slammed that thing into me too hard. Fortunately Jez appeared to be aware of the damage his massive meat battering ram could do. He actually fucked me quite slowly at first, gradually working the full length into my quivering hole. His long, slow, deep strokes were having the desired effect, and I could feel my passion starting to build.Bit by bit Jez increased the speed with which he was fucking me. He appeared to be being very careful about how hard and fast he could fuck me. He was actually a very good and considerate lover. I guess when you are packing half a meat works between your legs, you learn to be careful.I lowered my head to the mattress and rested my head on my arms which were folded under me. Jez had a firm grip on my hips and was pulling me back in to him with every thrust of his cock inside me. I could hear myself grunting rhythmically with every thrust.I could feel my orgasm building but I wasn't there yet. Terrified that Jez would cum before me and leave me unsatisfied, I reached one hand under my body and between my legs. I furiously started masturbating while Jez continued to fuck me. He was giving me his full length now. I could feel his heavy balls slapping into my fingers as he screwed me and I knew I was taking everything he had. My breathing quickened as I approached my orgasm. I was gasping for breath as he repeatedly knocked the wind out of me.I was only moments away from cumming when I heard the door of the van open. There was Paul, with some of his friends from the bar. Jez stopped for a second when the door opened, startled by the sudden appearance of an audience, but I was too close to cumming to stop now. I moaned a loud "NO" when Jez paused in his fucking and I thrust myself back onto his cock, a clear indication that I wanted him to continue. I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the voice of Paul and his friends as Jez started fucking me harder. I was desperate not to lose that rapidly approaching moment of pure ecstasy.Maybe having an audience helped. I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist, because all of a sudden my orgasm broke like a tidal wave. My rapid grunting turned into a long drawn out cry of "I'M CUMMING.........", as my intense orgasm sent wave after wave of pure pleasure, cascading through my body. Everything went a bit hazy for a second or two and I swear I was close to blacking out from the pure pleasure of it. I had never experienced that before. I always thought that cumming so hard that you pass out was nothing more than erotic fiction, but now I am prepared to believe it.I didn't quite pass out though and as my senses returned from the brink of unconsciousness, the post orgasmic hypersensitivity kicked in. I squealed from the unbearable pleasure of Jez continuing to thrust his cock into my depths. I could barely stand it. Part of me wanted him to stop so I could enjoy the afterglow of that magnificent orgasm. Part of me wanted him to keep thrusting inside me forever. Not that I had much choice in the matter at this point. Jez had a death grip on my hips and was thrusting into me like a wild animal.I was only dimly aware of Paul and his friends standing outside the van, even though they were only a few feet away. I could hear their voices as they laughed and cheered Jez on, while he continued to vigorously fuck me, but it was as if I was miles away. Gradually my intense shuddering subsided to a more manageable, but enjoyable feeling of being well and truly fucked. I had no idea how long Jez had been fucking me. It seemed like forever! My god this boy had stamina!I was actually quite surprised when I felt a hand running through my hair. As I lifted my head slightly and opened my eyes, someone gently but firmly grabbed a handful of my hair and lifted my head further. There was a hard cock inches from my face and I put up no resistance as my head was guided towards it. My mouth seemed to open of its own accord, and moments later I was getting cock stuffed into me from both ends.It was difficult to do a good job sucking cock while getting slammed from behind by a monster cock but I did my best. He was much smaller than Jez, about average I guess, so I had no trouble taking his cock in to my mouth and sucking him deep. While I was actively sucking his cock and getting fucked by Jez, I suddenly realised that I had no idea whose cock I was sucking. The thought made me feel extremely slutty but also very aroused.A short time later, Jez buried his cock deep in my pussy and held it there, as I felt him unload his balls of their hot, wet load into my insides. I didn't even pause in my attentions to the cock in my mouth. Not being rocked by Jez's thrusts, allowed me to do a better job. I started sucking the cock in my mouth in earnest. I even started swallowing his cock and `deep throating' him.I felt Jez pull out of me and couldn't help giving a little moan of regret as I felt my pussy vacated. I still had my ass high up in the air as Jez squeezed past me and got out of the van. My head was bobbing up and down on the guy I was sucking and he still had a handful of my hair, as he pulled my head up and down on his cock. I knew I was being watched by all the other guys who were still standing around just outside the van but I didn't care. I was in my own little world and thoroughly enjoying myself.I don't even remember anyone squeezing past us but suddenly I felt someone behind me, grabbing hold of my hips. A few seconds later I felt a cock sliding between my throbbing pussy lips and into my very wet cunt. It suddenly struck me that this wasn't just putting on a show. It wasn't even a threesome anymore. I was getting gangbanged!It never even occurred to me to try and stop it. I didn't want to! I was fully into the whole thing. Yes I was drunk but I was fully conscious. I knew what was happening and I was loving it. I had no idea who either of the guys that were currently inside me were. I didn't know their names. I hadn't even seen their faces. I had already fucked Paul and Jez, now I was sucking cock and getting fucked by two total strangers. I also knew that there were more guys standing outside the van who might be waiting for a turn. I didn't know how many and I didn't care. I was lost in the moment and just went with it.The rest of the night was really just a blur. The guy I was sucking came in my mouth. I swallowed his load and quickly found another cock shoved in to my face. I hungrily went to work on that one, once again totally oblivious to the identity of the owner.I can distinctly remember two or three more changeovers, at both ends, as guys blew their load in my mouth or in my pussy. At some point I just couldn't give any more head. My jaw was aching and my back was sore from being bent over for so long. I rolled over on to my back and the relief was wonderful as my sore muscles suddenly got a rest. I was still being fucked though, but to be honest, it can't have been very good for those last few guys. I was a dead fuck by that time. I just lay there with my legs spread wide while they took turns. I wasn't actively involved at all. I was exhausted!I don't even know how many guys went through me after that. It had to have been more than just the five or six guys I originally saw Paul with at the pool table in the bar. I was certain of that but I really had no idea how many men had fucked me.That's when I remembered that my husband had been watching the whole thing from the front of the van. I can remember being surprised that I had totally forgotten he was there. For the last few hours I was just a sexual animal, totally engrossed in my own pleasure. I had completely forgotten that the whole purpose of the night was to satisfy my husband's fantasy. I had done that and then some! Things had gotten totally out of control but I didn't regret it. I briefly wondered again how Mark would react but I was too exhausted to care at that point. Sometime later I drifted off to sleep while still being fucked by some total stranger.The next morning I woke up at home in my own bed. I have no recollection of how I got there but obviously Mark had driven us home and carried me in to the house. Mark was in bed next to me and he was awake. I had a brief moment of panic as I recalled the events of the night before but it was short lived. As I stirred awake I felt pain shoot through my bruised body. Everything hurt! I had sore muscles everywhere but most especially, my bruised and battered cunt.Mark snuggled up to me and gave me a big hug. He just said, "You were amazing last night". I didn't say anything. I just snuggled in to his chest and tried not to cry at the relief of hearing those words.

I hope you liked my story. I welcome feedback.
Alisonames@live.com