I Exhibit: Car Wash
by shayexhibits ©

I wash my car several times a week, if I need it or not, just for the fun 
of showing off. You see, I love to show myself in public. As much of and 
as many times as I can without sending myself right to jail. This is a 
story of one such visit to a local car wash that kind of got out of 
control, but man was I glad that it did.

I had just got off work and hadn't really planned on stopping today. I 
just didn't feel up to changing from my work clothes to the short shorts 
and half top that I carry in the trunk. It had been raining all morning 
and promised to clear up and become a real muggy day. So just before I 
passed up the car wash a truck flew by me and splattered my car with mud. 
I just can't stand that! So the winds of fate changed my mind and I pulled 
into a stall in the back. There is only one other stall that is close to 
this one and it is directly across and about 30 yards away. Not real 
promising for a good show, especially since it was empty.

What the hell, I popped the trunk and got my clothes any way. While 
changing in the car a new Mustang pulled into the other stall. Great, a 
woman was going to be my only audience today. Don't get me wrong, I like 
to tease the girls just as much, but it is a real thrill to watch a guys 
eyes pop and his pants bulge. To my disbelief, a guy got out of the 
Mustang, weird, only women drive the new ones. Further more, he was not 
bad. Nicely built and of average good looks. Maybe I would get to do a 
little dance after all.

I waited until he had started up his wash before getting out. Our cars 
were facing each other so at first I know he didn't see me. I stood up and 
stretched my arms up and pulled my hair into a pony so that I wouldn't get 
soap or anything in it. Out angled myself to see if he had noticed me yet. 
Bingo, he did, and he was staring, not thinking that I could see him. I 
took a little longer than normal and lifted my arms almost high enough to 
let my half shirt expose the underside of my breast line. I'm sure he 
could tell I wasn't wearing a bra. From he vantage point he could not see 
my cut offs yet, but they let a whole lot of ass show and the front is so 
narrow that after a few bends and squats my lips nearly envelop the 
fabric.

Now that I had his attention it was time to play. I walked to the other 
side of my car and started putting change into the machine, when, clumsy 
me, I dropped a quarter. I bent over with my long legs barely bending, 
giving him a good look at my backside. He had move to the rear of his car 
so that he could watch me without me knowing it. From his distance I'm not 
sure if he could see up my shirt but if he could, he was getting a full 
view of my tits. Getting the last quarter in, I pulled the spray nozzle 
from it's rack and started soaking my car. Actually, it's not a car, I own 
an Explorer and it's quite tall for me. I had running boards installed so 
that I could even reach the top. Stepping onto it now I leaned into the 
side in which I had already sprayed and of course soaked my shirt in the 
process.

I pretended not to notice and just went on about my business, watching him 
all the while. he sure was cleaning the back of his car good. 

After going around my car twice I was beginning to wonder if he was going 
to wash his paint right off the rear of his car. About this time I noticed 
he had gotten into his car as if to look for something and then got out 
again reaching into his pockets. he had run out of change. Seeing as I 
come to this car wash a lot, I already knew the changer was busted, always 
is. He went to it of course and again of course it was busted. He turned 
slightly in my direction as if in contemplation of asking me. Finally, he 
was walking over, I pretended not to notice and acted as if there was a 
place on the roof that I just could reach. I was really just making sure 
that I was nice and wet.

He announced himself and I hopped down from the running board, making sure 
to let my tits bounce in the process. Now he was only a couple of feet 
from me and looking directly at my chest, which I'm sure were showing my 
tits nicely. He told me of his dilemma and with a big smile I told him, no 
problem, I always had enough change. I keep my change in the glove box, so 
I went to the passenger side, knowing the door was locked, with him 
directly behind me. I gave him an extra wiggle just for fun. Pulling on 
the handle to no avail, I cursed and told him I forgot I had locked it. 

I walked right passed him brushing my left tit on his arm as I did. I 
opened my drivers door and climbed up. It is near impossible to reach the 
glove box without actually getting in so while I tried to reach it I 
wiggled my ass in his face for a moment. Cursing again I turned and 
plopped into my seat, while leaning backwards over my console to reach the 
glove box. I was now giving him a nice view of my crotch, which almost 
certainly had to be mostly pussy lips by now, sure felt that way. Taking 
my time, I finally got him his change.

This part was solely by accident but turned out fun any way. As I was 
leaning up, my shirt got caught on something and nearly tore in half, 
completely exposing my bare titties to this guy who wasn't a foot from me. 
It was an old shirt but hell, even I wouldn't have believed it could tear 
so easy. I acted dumb founded for a moment which gave him a good long look 
and then faked embarrassment. As I was standing up my foot slipped of the 
running board and I fell right into him. He of course had a nice handful 
of my right tit and didn't seem to want to let go of it. Truth be known, I 
didn't either, so did nothing to make him move it. Again faking 
embarrassment I stepped back covering myself after he did let go and 
leaned against my car. We both just stood there for a moment in dumb 
silence, while I tried to figure out how to go further. He finally spoke 
up and told me he had a spare shirt in his car and left to go get it.

While he was walking away, I was trying to think of a way to show him all 
of me naked! I was burning up with desire and not only wanted him to see 
me naked but I wanted him too. I pulled my torn rag off of me and stood 
there half naked. As I was watching him start back I noticed an oil spill 
on the ground just behind my car, that was it! I had to accidentally fall 
into that oil, getting it on my short, then I would have to take them off 
before I got back into my car. At least that was my plan, spare of the 
moment or not, I had to try it.

I walked toward him and the oil, with my hands barely covering myself and 
just as I was going to fake slipping, I actually did slip, not on the oil, 
but on the soap on the oil. I fell and hit the ground on my ass, hard, 
scrapping my back on my bumper in the process. It hurt like hell, but not 
too severe. He ran over and helped me up, cupping a breast into one hand 
in the process, it was quick but I felt it, and I liked it. He faked being 
really hurt and he helped me to my open car door.

Just before he hoisted me up into it I told him to wait. I couldn't sit in 
the seat with oil on my ass it would ruin my seats. I told him I would 
have to try and take them off first and use his t-shirt as a cover, it 
really was long, damn it. I had him help me to my rear door and told him 
to step away why I attempted to shed my short. Couldn't seem to easy could 
I. When I got my short off my ass, I pretended to pass out and laid down 
on the pavement. He rushed over and with half slitted eyes I saw him stare 
at my shaven pussy for a moment before I started to come to again. He then 
quickly helped me sit up.

I told him that I must have got the wind knocked out of me when I fell and 
asked him to help me onto the seat. He asked me about the oil on my 
shorts, so thoughtful, and I informed him if he could keep his hands to 
himself, that I would appreciate him helping me off with them. He quickly 
agreed, to quickly, but I didn't care, I was going to make it difficult 
for him to do that. I turned and leaned on my rear seat and stepped up 
onto my running board causing my short to lift a little. With my ass in 
the air and his face mere inches from it, I told him I was ready. 

He gently tug at my short, they being wet, and I tensing up every time he 
tried to pull, turn a little project into a major ordeal. He first was 
trying to get them off just by pulling on the back, we all know it would 
happen that way, so he slowly traced around the lip of my shorts into the 
front. I could now feel his breath on my ass. 

While trying to get a hold of the fabric he let a finger or two graze my 
pussy, which was very hot and wet. Still trying to make it difficult, but 
not obvious, I moved in the opposite way I needed for the fabric to just 
glide down, at first it seemed like he would never be able to get them 
off, but then, with a quick movement on his part he slipped one set of 
fingers under the fabric between my legs, letting one scrape my clit and 
tugged them off with one fell swoop. I hadn't been expecting this and 
released a nice little moan for him in the process.

With that done, I turned and stood on the board letting his shirt fall, 
covering my naked body. he them grabbed me by the waist and hoisted me 
into the seat. Again, I wasn't expecting him to be so strong and it caught 
me off guard so when I came to rest on the seat, I was sitting with my 
legs apart giving him a near eye level view of my swollen pussy.

I just fell back and told him I had to rest for a moment. He told me that 
if I wanted to he could finish rinsing off my car while I rested. Wouldn't 
hear of it, I told him. he had done too much already. He just smiled and 
told me it was nothing. Still, nothing doing, and after a short rest I 
would finish myself if he didn't mind his shirt getting a little wet in 
the process. He informed me that he didn't care, but only if he could stay 
close to make sure I didn't faint again. I agreed and laid back again, not 
bothering to close my legs. I could almost feel his eyes touching me 
there.

For some reason, I must of dozed off, because I woke to the sound of the 
water hitting my windows. I did notice that he had lifted the shirt to my 
waist, I wonder why. I waited for him to be on the other side and the 
quickly but quietly hopped out and waited for him to start coming around 
the rear again and stepped directly into the path of the water, get a real 
soaking at the same time. he quickly apologized and I told him it was my 
own dumb fault for stepping into it. Just then the time ran out and the 
water stopped. I walked to my drivers door and hopped up to open it. 

As I turned and saw him, I hopped back down, looked him straight in the 
face and removed his shirt. As I stood there naked holding the shirt for, 
I thanked him for his help, but I just had to go. He took the shirt, never 
looking at my face really and just watched me turn and hop into the seat. 
Sitting naked, I looked at him again, with a slightly disappointed look on 
his face and couldn't just leave. I had to repay this guy for helping me.

Without saying a word I just turned in my seat, spread my legs and waited. 
He stared at my open pussy for only a second before he had his face buried 
into me, licking and biting my clit. It only took a few moments before I 
cam and I mean cam hard. It was the first time I had ever cum so much in 
my life. When he was done, he stood up and then it was my turn. Completely 
naked, I pushed him against the wall and undid his pants and sucked him 
dry, taking every drop he would give, which was a lot! I stood, stroking 
him still, looking at the glaze on his eyes. 

When I thought we were even I turned and was just starting to climb in 
again when I felt his hands on my hips. He pushed me into the car and with 
one hand holding my waist and the other locked tight in my hair he bent me 
over of rammed his cock into my pussy, filling me up! He just started 
ramming me, hard and fast and damn, I was loving it! When I started 
pushing into him, matching his thrusts, he just rammed me harder. I mean 
picture it, he was really fucking me good right there in the car was where 
anyone could see us if they just walked by. I was in total heavenly bliss. 
I wanted him to fuck me and fuck me until I just passed out from it. He 
didn't of course, but he did unload another huge load of cum into me 
before he stopped. He pulled out and before I could turn around he was 
already half way to his car.

I just climbed into my car and sat there for a moment trying to catch my 
breath.

Driving home, completely naked, I got several people who honked at me and 
one who even took a picture. It was almost as if I weren't really driving, 
but just letting the car take me wherever. I snapped back to reality when 
an alarm buzzer for low gas sounded. Shit!

Damn near out of gas. That was the shits, now I had to stop and get 
dressed so I could pump gas...or did I? 

 
I Exhibit: Gas Station
by shayexhibits ©

I exhibit for fun: Gas Station

Continued from "Car Wash"

After getting a pounding at the car wash, I just wanted to go home and 
take a shower, but forgot to put gas in earlier and now I was bouncing off 
Empty. My dilemma was whether or not I wanted to stop first and put my 
clothes on or should I just continue on to the gas station completely 
naked. It only took me a moment before I decided I would go naked. My car 
has tinted windows and sits up high enough that when I go through full 
service the attendant would most likely not be able to see me if I didn't 
roll my windows down too far. Actually that meant rolling them up, been 
driving with them down to get some air.

Upon arriving at the station I looked around to see how busy and how the 
attendant looked. It was practically deserted and the attendant was around 
40 not too bad. It looked as if he was working on a car or something 
because he came from the garage and was trying to get oil off his hands. I 
left the crack down enough that he could see my bare shoulders, but 
nothing else. He definitely looked hard to see if I could be naked but to 
no avail. Just as I was going to roll it down some more to let him have a 
peek I heard a voice from the garage and when I turned to see who it was, 
I had a pleasant surprise. It was a young guy, maybe only 18 or 19 and man 
was he good looking. Just then several young guys came out following him. 
There must have been 7 all together, including the attendant.

The first guy came over to the attendant and they were talking about 
something in the garage. I saw him nod in my direction and I tried not to 
let them see me through my mirror. I think he was telling him that he 
thought I was wearing a bikini or something because the young guy kept 
looking in my direction the whole time.

A new dilemma, I was now in my truck, completely naked, with what might 
have been 7 guys quickly surrounding it. They were checking my tires and 
cleaning my rear windows.......oh shit! I thought, they were going to 
clean my front window as well! I had forgot all about that. What to do, 
what to do, my mind was racing on what exactly I should do. If I was 
quick, I could jump in the back and throw my clothes on, but I really 
wanted to stay naked, but what would the older guy do if he found out, 
call the cops or what. 

Debating all this made the decision for me because the young guy was 
already headed to the front of my truck! I had thought about what to do 
for too long. As he approached he kept his eye on me in my mirror and upon 
arriving beside me, he asked if I wanted my fluids checked while I waited. 
Sure, I told him and he went around to the front and signaled for me to 
pop the hood. Just before he lifted it, he looked straight at me and saw I 
wasn't wearing a shirt. For a moment he just stood there and then quickly 
raised the hood.

I dropped my visor and was pretending to check my hair, while watching him 
at the same time. I was wearing my sunglasses, so I know he couldn't tell 
if I was actually looking at him. When he came around to the side to be 
able to reach the fluid stick he looked real hard at me, I guess to verify 
what he had seen. My nipples got so hard so fast that I wouldn't have been 
surprised if he had seen them grow. Confirmed, he quickly looked for 
someone else, but everyone had went back into the garage. Goody for me, 
now I could play. 

When leaned up, he approached my window, and so not to be rude, I rolled 
it down a bit more, giving him a good look at my tits. he stared directly 
at them, never looking at my face and told me that I needed some oil and 
wanted to know if I wanted him to put some in. I guess out of habit he 
looked for my oil date thingy on the window that tells when you need a oil 
change. He then asked me how many miles were on this batch. Playing the 
ditsy woman, I told him I really didn't know and asked him to look for me. 
I rolled the window completely down and he climbed up on the running board 
to lean in and look.

What he saw of course was my naked pussy and he nearly fell over. Still 
playing dumb, like I really didn't know I was naked or something, I asked 
him if there was a problem. He stuttered out no ma'am and looked at the 
mileage and then my sticker. I already knew I was almost 2000 over but let 
him tell me that I was over. The lights came on in his head and then he 
asked me if I had time for them to change it, since I was there already. 
He was so nice, even told me that I didn't ever need to get out of the 
car, but I wanted to that they had a nice air cooled waiting room.

I took him up on his offer and while he literally ran into the garage, I 
had a new dilemma, stay in the truck, or prance to the waiting room. I 
would prance to the waiting room, of course. I was getting wet all over 
again just thinking about all those guys seeing me naked. he came back and 
told me to just pull it into the second bay and they would fix me up. The 
waiting room was on the right and the bathrooms were on the left he if 
should need them, he was staring at my tits as he said this. I thanked him 
and proceeded to back up and maneuver into the second bay. 

When I got lined up, I noticed every guy in the place was in a big horse 
shoe surrounding the entire bay. When I got parked the older guy came to 
my window, stared at my tits and asked if I was going to stay in the truck 
or would I like him to help me down to go into the waiting room. All the 
guys had come around to my side of the truck and big smiles hit all their 
faces when I said I would like the waiting room and proceeded to open my 
door. He held out his hand for mine and helped me down, all the while 
looking my over pretty good. I looked around slightly and saw a ton of 
bulges hit fabric that wasn't meant to conceal. Just before closing the 
door I reached in and got my purse which gave everyone a nice long look at 
my ass.

I had a herd following me as I pranced naked all the way across the shop, 
quite a long distance it would seem. There were 6 bays all together and 
only 1 and 2 had cars, I wondered later if they had put me in 2 just 
hoping I would go to the waiting room. There was a huge bay window just 
beside the door that I realized was a two way mirror when I entered the 
waiting room, fun for me! he showed me where the coffee was and said if I 
would like a fresh pot to just yell and one of them would come fix me up. 
I thanked him and took a seat directly across from the mirror and he left.

I just know all of them were right on the other side of that mirror 
talking about me, and I loved it. Just now what was I going to do while I 
waited? I decided I needed something to read and spread my legs wide apart 
before getting up and slowly walking over to the mirror, which is where 
the rack is. With the bay doors open I could just make out a crowd of guys 
on the other side, but played as if I didn't. Choosing a magazine I looked 
at myself in the mirror, the car wash had left me with some bad hair and 
makeup. Just had to fix that! I returned to my purse and bent over slowly 
and stayed in that position while I searched for my makeup bag.

I returned and slowly put on my makeup and brushed out my hair, added some 
perfume just for kicks and returned to my seat. I sat there "reading" the 
magazine for a while and looked around for something to drink. The coffee 
didn't smell bad, but you know I had to have it fresh. I was sure to take 
my time at the coffee machine, looking at the pot and then at the door. I 
did this a couple of times before I walked to the door to yell for 
someone. This show was to let the guys get to wherever they wanted to be 
before I came through it. 

My efforts were worth it, when I opened the door, there wasn't a sole in 
sight. I yell for some fresh coffee and a guy about 20 come around the 
corner and came to my rescue. I held the door for him and as he slid by me 
in the almost too narrow door opening, he let his hand brush against my 
belly, giving me a thrill and him as well I would bet. He made the usual 
small talk as he took a terribly long time making the fresh pot. I stood 
real close to him pretending to learn how the machine worked, letting him 
brush against me, causing my nipples to harden again. Before he left he 
told me there was more "interesting" things to read in the desk, if I was 
bored with the same old stuff. I thanked him and he left. 

Curious, I shuffled through the desk and found a magazine with naked women 
in it. I got the hint, they wanted me to play a little. I took the 
magazine and sat down. It was then that I heard a little noise coming from 
the corner. There was a camera tracking my movements. This was great, not 
only did I have a live audience, they were filming the whole thing. Well I 
couldn't let them down. I leaned back and pretended to read a little, 
looking from page to page and rubbing a nipple with one hand. I reached 
into my purse and brought out my favorite travel size vibe that I always 
have with me. 

I started mouthing it like I was giving it a blow job, and then circled 
one nipple, then the other. When I finally reached my pussy, it didn't 
need lubed at all, I was soaked. I worked it up and down spreading my 
juices all over myself, including my asshole. I couldn't wait, I was going 
to fuck myself silly for these guys. Deciding that they were getting 
impatient, or maybe it was just me, I sat the book down and spread my 
swollen lips with one hand and started working over my clit with the 
other. It didn't take me long before I wanted to scream for someone to 
come and fuck me, but I held out working the vibe in and out of my pussy. 

Pushing myself into a frenzy I propped my legs up on the couch and circled 
my ass hole with it. Did I want to ease it in..........fuck it! I jammed 
it into my ass, letting out a little scream at the same time. Rubbing my 
clit faster and faster and fucking my own ass fast and hard, I cam in no 
time. I have a hard time keeping quiet in normal circumstances and this 
wasn't normal. I screamed and did it loud as wave after wave hit me.

After I was done I decided I was done, I know they were finished with my 
truck and I had to go before I fucked all these guys. I got my things 
together and went to the door. I didn't even bother to give them time to 
move this time. It didn't matter anyway, I sure they wouldn't have moved 
for a million dollars. They were lined up at the door when I came through 
and looking at all of them I just couldn't stand it. I looked around and 
noticed they had closed all the doors and had already parked my truck 
outside. Fuck It! I knew I couldn't take all of them but I had to have a 
dick in me. I dropped my purse and told them to pull out there dicks. The 
2 biggest were going to get some. It was a blur of material. turned out 
the older guy was the biggest and the other was a young black guy.

I held my arms out and told them to come and get it. the older guy reached 
me first and bent me over and pushed straight into my ass so fast I 
screamed out. When I did the black guy shoved his cock in my mouth and 
nearly choked me. I reached for 2 more and they were there. Getting ass 
and face fucked and jerking off 2 more while another was under me biting 
on my titties and someone's hands were pulling at my clit and fingering my 
pussy all at the same time. It was a frenzy of hands and dicks and when 
they came I was drenched in it. I had come in my hair and on my back in 
and on my face, I mean every where.

On the way home, my ass hurt and pussy ached, I had bite marks on my tits 
and nipples and my seat was covered with cum. I didn't even care when I 
got home that the paper boy was just throwing my evening paper when I got 
to the door. I flipped on the porch light and he nearly wrecked his bike 
into a parked car looking at me. I blew him a kiss and he smiled and 
pedaled off. We both knew he had already seen me naked....but that is 
another story. 
