"What sort of potion is this?" Severus holds the golden-colored container with an expression of utmost suspicion, peering at the words on the label with its exotic floral illustrations. "Honey almond? 'Kama Sutra'? This is a supposed to be edible?"

"Indeed it is," replies Remus impatiently. "Made with real honey and almonds, even. Now please, will you stop teasing me and come to bed?"

But Snape isn't finished reading the packaging. "'Taste the pleasures of sensual massage with this fluffy, finely textured cream...' Fluffy, Lupin, is that what you want? 'This silky cream melts away with water leaving only a velvet memory on your lips and fingertips.' Oh dear, silky and velvet. It says it's fortified with Vitamin E -- is that the one that makes rabbits see things that Muggles can't?"

Remus can't stifle a laugh. "I think you're thinking of Vitamin A -- retinol -- the one found in carrots. Though I believe Vitamin E prevents cataracts in the eyes. Though since I will shortly be wearing a blindfold, that isn't a great concern of mine at the moment. Now will you come to bed?"

From over the lid of the jar, Severus narrows his eyes. "Just who is giving the orders tonight?"

"It's my fantasy," Remus points out. "You're giving the orders but you have to use my aphrodisiacs."

"If you wanted an aphrodisiac that was also a poison, I could have made you an extract of psilocybe semilanceata -- liberty caps, I believe you call them," retorts Snape. "Did you see what they put in this? Sorbitol. Triethanolamine sodium saccharin..."

"You do realize that those are sweeteners?"

"Not cetyl alcohol." Snape's nose wrinkles as he keeps reading. "Diazolidinyl urea."

"Made from ammonia and carbon dioxide, not animal urine. It's a commercial preservative -- you won't be able to taste it. Though I had no idea you'd become so squeamish..."

"'May contain FD&C Blue Number 1, FD&C Yellow Number 5, FD&C Red Number 40, D&C Red Number 33.'"

"I believe those are American designations to indicate that the pigments are safe for human consumption. Carmine by any other name. Severus, is it the edible massage cream you're trying to avoid, or putting your tongue all over me?"

"Is there any accessible part of your body where I have not put my tongue on some previous occasion?" He arches an eyebrow, looking excruciatingly haughty, and Remus whimpers. "I am merely concerned that you wish to risk my taste and your pleasure with this Muggle product."

Oh, so that's the problem. "Severus, I promise that Kama Sutra Honey Almond Massage Cream is perfectly safe. I've used it to help loosen my muscles before my transformation."

"You used edible massage cream? Did you lick it off your fingers, or your legs?" At Remus' mortified expression, Severus breaks into a sly grin. "Next time I want to see that."

"All right, whatever you want, but it's my turn now and Severus please!" The wail gets through to Severus where rational conversation has not, and his smile widens. "Please don't stand there holding that jar and torturing me with it. Please come to bed."

Infuriatingly slowly, Severus puts down the jar and begins to remove his robes. "You're not even in position, Lupin," he observes, making Remus scramble onto his hands and knees, only to receive a slap on his bum. "I can't massage you on all fours. Lie down." He obeys, and a moment later dark, cool fabric slides between his face and the mattress, covering his eyes.

"No spell?"

Another light slap. "I like the way you look with silk tied around your head. And blushing." Indeed, Remus can feel his face growing warm, and he whimpers again softly as he lowers his head to his clasped hands, bending his elbows on either side. He can hear Severus opening the jar, sniffing dubiously at the contents, then inhaling more deeply and sinking his fingers into the cream with a soft squelching sound. He warms it up in his hands before beginning to spread it on Remus' lower back, kneading the muscles there with his palms.

"That feels wonderful." Remus gives a soft groan. A moment later his body jolts in surprise, for Severus' tongue has joined his hands and is tickling faintly as it licks along his side, cautiously tasting the liquefying honey almond cream, then letting out a surprised hum of pleasure and licking far more aggressively. "You make me feel so good..."

Severus' hands are working over his buttocks, spreading the cream and rubbing it into his skin, followed by his lips and tongue and the barest hint of teeth, sucking and nibbling and leaving warm patterns in their wake. "Fluffy," he mutters. Remus wonders whether Severus is writing his name in raised pink flesh or perhaps marking a spell onto him, for his body is not relaxing under the massage so much as rising like bread dough, heating and coiling and rolling between the mattress and Severus' hands.

Gently the fingers work their way between his thighs and ease them further apart, shifting Remus' weight forward. He feels soft strokes on the underside of his cock, then the hands disappear for a moment and return much damper, smoothing cream up and down the furrow between his buttocks and over the sensitive puckered skin. "If you're going to make me eat this Muggle sugar substitute, the least you could do is give me something I genuinely like," murmurs Severus, letting his breath blow over the hole before his mouth descends. Remus is practically sobbing into the blindfold, lifting his bottom, trying to thrust into the elusive hands that slide up and down his cock and then disappear to hold his hips still as the lips and tongue kiss and taste him. For all the protests about the Muggle concoction, Severus slurps and laps like an animal, pushing his tongue shamelessly inside Remus.

They are both moaning, Severus like a starving man satisfying his hunger, Remus like a wanton man desperate to be touched...which he is. Finally Severus closes a hand around Remus' cock and begins to pump it up and down while he plunges his tongue as deeply inside as he can, still humming as if it's dessert he's devouring, until Remus shudders and spurts all over his fingers and onto the covers.

He expects Severus to fuck him soon after so much preparation, but Severus isn't through with the cream. Remus can hear him lift the jar again and scoop some out, followed by the unmistakable sound of a well-lubed cock being wanked. "Please, let me taste you," he begs. Though Severus gives him room to roll over and guides his cock to Remus' mouth, he warns, "Don't make me come. I want your mouth to taste like honey and almonds when I kiss you after I make a deposit in your arse."

"Oh, yes," Remus groans just before he lowers his head, sucking blindly at the cock that thrusts eagerly between his lips, letting him taste the sweet cream that has been spread along its length. He loves to do this when he can't see, working his way by feel and taste alone. Salty-bitter fluid is leaking from the head of Severus' cock but it only adds to the richness of flavor overwhelming both his taste buds and nostrils. He wants to bury his nose in honey-almond scented pubic hair and make Severus spill hot seed down his throat, but he has been ordered him not to make him come yet, so he sucks and slurps along the thick shaft with ribbons of massage cream alongside the veins.

"Now," warns Severus, withdrawing from his mouth and pushing him over again roughly with his hands. Remus raises his hips, and Severus pops the head of his cock inside with one firm, guided thrust, needing no more lubrication than the spit and cream already on them both.

Sometimes Severus likes to watch himself fuck Remus slowly, holding his hips and leaning away from his body to watch himself sliding in and out, but now he waits only a few moments for Remus to adjust to the burning stretch, kneading his back where he massaged it earlier. Then he begins to press slowly in deeper until with a gasp he must withdraw. His thrusts feel shallower and faster than they often do -- he is already very close to coming. Pushing back with his hips, Lupin encourages him to move as hard as he wants, and just as the friction is beginning to become uncomfortable, Severus calls out and floods him with sweet slick wetness inside.

After he slips reluctantly out, Severus removes the blindfold, turns Lupin over and massages his shoulders and thighs in case they have become stiff from supporting his weight. His tongue follows his hands, licking lazily at the sweet cream.

"I think you like that Muggle potion," grins Remus, gasping as the mouth slides along his armpit and the tongue pokes curiously into his hair. "Don't you want to save some for next time?"

"Next time I'll make you a chocolate-flavored potion," Severus replies, voice muffled against Remus' underarm, "and you can lick it off me. I can imagine the enthusiasm you'll provide with chocolate as an incentive. I shall have to investigate how to prevent the sugar from crystallizing in very uncomfortable places..."

"Maybe you should look into those Muggle sweeteners," Remus tells him, squirming happily. "The people who make the honey almond cream also make raspberry oil and tangerine pleasure balm."

"I see that you've done quite a bit of research." Sliding over his body, Severus lies on top of Remus and licks at his lips. "Have you read Vatsyayana's Kama Sutra? He studied with wizards, you know."

"I believe that's only a rumor, though I have suspected that no one could have sustained some of those positions without magical assistance." Remus smiles at his lover in languid contentment. "Are you going to refuse to admit that Muggles do some things well? Sex, for instance?"

"That potion is not half-bad," admits Severus, lowering his head beneath Remus' chin. "But calling it 'kama sutra'..." He makes a small scoffing noise deep in his throat. "We could do better."

"I'm sure we could. I'll tell you what. You make that chocolate massage cream, and next time I'll use it on you and make you come in a position we've never tried before." Though this earns him a pleased hum, Severus' hands have stopped moving and his head is slipping against Remus' shoulder. "You're not falling asleep, are you, love?"

"Of course not," retorts Severus in a slurred voice.

Remus smiles, settling more comfortably. "Maybe you could substitute ambrosia for honey, and we could go at it for an entire week without getting tired. It would be delicious and I'm sure a potions master of your skills should have no trouble recreating the nectar of the gods...am I right?"

But he receives no reply, for Severus has found a spot of honey almond massage cream along the side of Remus' neck and is sucking at it drowsily, practically purring.