"THE AFTERMATH"
Or
"What Follows Next"
A Prelude: An Object of Desire

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of the story and don't rewrite."

Chapter 1: A Morning Report

Andy Trevorrow is relaxing over breakfast in the sun-dappled
shade of the vine covered patio. As he eats he runs a lustful eye
over the nude body of the slave kneeling in full obeisance before
him. His eyes wander from the slave's lowered head, up the broad,
muscular back to the elevated ass - an ass he knows well and
which he frequently enjoys - before speaking.

"Good morning, Toby. Rise and stand at rest. After you give your
report there is a matter I wish to discuss with you." The master
commands the slave. The master gazes fondly at the naked slave
standing before him. He is appreciative of the slave's
magnificent body and of the pleasure the slave gave him in his
bed last night.

The slave was nine years old when he given to him as a present on
his own tenth birthday. He remembers the thrill of owning his own
slave and how important and grown-up he'd felt at receiving the
young, slave from his father. He remembers, with a sense of
shame, how cruelly he treated the slave at first. Eager for his
beloved father's approval, he had abused his new slave harshly
and had often enthusiastically caned him for no other reason than
to prove his own worth to his father.

At first his father had watched indulgently as his son asserted
this ownership over his new slave but eventually felt the need to
intervene on the young slave's behalf before he was irreparably
damaged.

The father coached the son in proper master/slave relations and
showed him how to handle slaves firmly but justly. In time a
strong bond developed between the young master and his slave and
this strengthened and grew to such a degree that, on reaching
maturity, the master had used the slave to his satisfy his own
burgeoning sexuality. In time, Andy had taken him as his personal
pleasure slave; a situation that continues up to the present
time.

As a sign of his affection, the master has given the slave a
name, Toby. This naming of the slave is unusual in that no other
of his slaves is named and, when addressed, they are simply
referred to as `slave' or `boy'.

Upon the death of his father, Andy had inherited the farming
estate and to assist him in its management he'd appointed Toby,
to serve as his steward.

The slave waits patiently as his master continues to eat.

Finally Andy asks. "Well, Toby what is happening today?"

"Master, as you are aware the grain crops are ripening fast and I
have instructed the overseers to prepare all the machines and
wagons ready for use. Master, good fortune has smiled on you this
year and there should be a good harvest. Also, we have other
slave gangs weeding and hoeing in the orchards and vineyards. And
there are also three slaves in a punishment group cleaning out
the water channels as they wait for your judgement."

"Excellent, Toby, as usual you're on top of everything, saving me
the bother of involving myself with the more routine decisions of
the farm. But tell me about the three slaves who are to be
punished? Are their transgressions of a serious nature?"

"Not at all, Master. They can be considered as trivial; according
to their overseer, the slaves were skylarking when they should
have been working. You could explain it as youthful exuberance
but they are here to work and not to play. Nevertheless any act
of insubordination by a slave has to be punished as an example to
the other slaves. For that reason I have them working in the
water channels. Ordinarily, several hours working in these
ditches are sufficient punishments. The slaves are working
knee-deep in foul-smelling mud, shovelling out the silt and other
debris clogging up the flow of water - and of course I have set
an overseer over them to ensure their backs are bent to their
task. I would think after twelve hours of constantly shovelling
heavy mud they will think twice before upsetting an overseer in
future."

"Tell me about the slaves, Toby. Are they young and attractive?
Do you rank them as being among my better slaves?"

"Yes, Master. I would place them among the best of your slaves.
They are young with good, strong bodies and handsome features.
Master, you mentioned there is something you want to discuss with
me?"

"Yes, Toby, there is but I'll delay this until I've inspected
these slaves. They may have a direct bearing on our discussion.
Would you return to the fields and I'll meet you there shortly to
inspect these slaves?"

"Certainly, Master. Do you want the slaves cleaned up for your
inspection?"

"No. Leave them as they are and keep them working until I arrive,
thank you, Toby."

                          >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Chapter 2: In the Fields

On Andy's approach, the overseer in charge of the three slaves
increases the tempo of their labours by shouting and cracking his
whip over their heads. Aware of their master's presence, the
slaves respond by shovelling harder. Their legs are coated in
foul smelling mud and their upper bodies shine with their
perspiration. They are plagued by biting, stinging insects
attracted by both the smell of the mud and their sweat and their
discomfort is all too evident.

"Are these the three slaves in question?" Andy asks as he watches
the three slaves toiling in the ditch. "If so, then fetch them to
me?"

Toby orders the three slaves out of the ditch and fearfully, they
hasten to prostrate themselves at their master's feet. Andy gazes
down on their naked, trembling bodies before acknowledging their
obeisance by placing his right foot on the napes of their necks,
one after the other. Then he orders them.

"STAND AND DISPLAY!"

The slaves scramble to their feet and display their bodies for
their master's inspection. Andy looks intently at the three,
young slaves before running his hands over their fronts and
backs. Each is a perfect specimen, standing at about 1.9 metres
in height and weighing between 78 to 80 kilograms; all three have
strong, muscular bodies developed by years of hard toil. Two are
blonds and the third has black curly hair. All three have a light
dusting of matching hair on their chests and with delightful
treasure trails leading down over their ribbed bellies to their
pubic regions. Their more than adequate cocks and balls nestle in
a bush of thick hair that matches their general colouring.

Satisfied, he addresses Toby.

"You are right. These are among my better slaves. They're prime
stock. What age are they?"

"Master, it is hard to say how old they are with any certainty.
As you know slaves don't have the date of their births recorded;
only the month and year, if at all. Usually a slave's age is
determined by the condition of his body, therefore I can only
give you an approximate guide to their ages. My guess is that
they are somewhere between eighteen and twenty years. I base this
on the fact that they were among the last batch of young slaves
purchased by your father shortly before he died. As you know he
preferred to buy slaves in their early teenage years so that he
could train them and work them in his ways. As that was six years
ago; these slaves would now be within the age range I just
mentioned."

"Then they are the correct age for my requirements and they are
in prime condition. But tell me, are they sexually active?"

"Master, like all your slaves, these three are like rabbits;"
Toby laughs "in that they spend all their free time in fucking
one another. Although the black-haired slave at the end is more
of a giver than a receiver. I understand from the overseers that
he hates to have a cock thrust up him but is eager to put his own
into the nearest available hole. Because of this reluctance, the
overseers delight in fucking him. They enjoy his sense of outrage
at being used and of his inability to prevent it happening to
him."

"Well I'm satisfied they meet my current requirements, Toby and
they are an important part of the matter I want to discuss with
you. Yesterday, while in the city, I visited the workshops of the
sculptor, Antonio Varo. One of his recent works, a bronze statue
of two, naked wrestlers caught my eye and I decided it was just
what I need for inclusion in my remodelled courtyard garden. As
you would expect of Varo, his works are quite expensive; 17,000
drachmae in fact, and at the moment, I have insufficient cash
reserves to meet his price. However, I'm determined to have it,
no matter what the cost and so it has become necessary for me to
raise the extra money by selling one or two slaves at the next
auction. I look to these three to provide me with the money I
need. What do you think?"

"Master, I'm sure any one of these slaves would fetch a good
price at auction. Whether or not you'll need to sell all three to
raise the amount of money you need, I can't say. It is some time
since I last accompanied you to a slave sale, and so, I'm not up
with the current price of slaves. Hopefully, it won't be
necessary to part with all three, as with the promise of a good
harvest, we will need every available slave to work in the
fields."

"I appreciate your views, Toby. However, I'm determined to have
my new statue and if I have to sell all three slaves to achieve
this, then so be it. With regard to the harvest, the other slaves
will need to work that much harder and longer to make up for the
absence of these three. I'm sure it isn't beyond the capabilities
of my overseers to coax this extra effort out of my slaves."

"Very well, Master." Toby answers. He knows that there isn't any
point in continuing the discussion now that his master has made
his decision. There remain only the logistics of delivering the
slaves to the auction yard.

"Toby, tomorrow I will need you to help me take these three to
the slave-dealer's yard for their valuations. Please ensure that
they are made presentable; their hair is to be cropped, their
faces clean-shaven and their bodies washed, buffed and oiled.
Before we leave make sure they piss and shit; I don't want to be
publicly embarrassed by any unforeseen accidents either on the
way to the dealers or whilst they are being appraised. They are
to be secured so that there isn't any chance of them breaking
free and it goes without saying they are to be naked. You,
however, have my permission to wear a loincloth to and from the
sale-yards. I rely on you to have the slaves looking their best
for their appraisals."

"Thank you, Master. I'll see that all your requirements are met.
Thank you also for allowing me to wear a loincloth."

                         >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Chapter 3: The City

Andy moves slowly through the narrow streets towards the centre
of the city. Sitting in his rickshaw pulled by a naked and
muscular slave, he is followed by Toby leading the three slaves
on a chain. The slaves are fastened, one behind the other, by
short lengths of chain attached to their neck collars and with
their wrists tied behind their backs. On reaching the outer
limits of the city, Andy had paused while Toby fitted the slaves
with ankle chains; the effect of this is that the slaves now
hobble rather than walk. Still Andy considers this restraint is
necessary. Unaccustomed as the slaves are to the city, he doesn't
want them taking fright and attempting to break away.

Before leaving the farm, Andy had inspected the three slaves to
ensure they were properly prepared for valuation. He was pleased
with Toby's efforts in carrying out his instructions.

Each slave has had his hair cropped and is cleanly shaven. Their
strong, young bodies are clean and coated with oil highlighting
their musculatures in the early, morning sunlight.

Additionally, Toby had taken it upon himself to trim their pubes
back to short stubble to better show off their genitals which are
bound with thin, leather straps. This forces their cocks and
balls forward into a prominent display. He also denied them food
and water overnight and made sure they were flushed out to avoid
any unpleasant accidents due to nervousness as they are examined
by the slavers.

Andy had praised Toby's efforts and thanked him before moving off
to the slave-dealers.

Despite their fears at the prospect of being sold, the three
slaves nevertheless feel a sense of excitement as Toby leads them
through the streets of the small, provincial city. They were last
in the city six years ago, when the old master had bought them at
auction and then led them back to his estate five kilometres from
the city. Since then they had been restricted, under pain of
death, to the boundaries of their master's estate.

So the sights, sounds and smells of the city both fascinate and
intrigue them. As they are led through the streets they are the
subject of much admiration and comment. Several times their
master stops to allow friends and other interested bystanders to
examine their bodies and to praise him on the quality of his
livestock. The slaves soon became accustomed to the hands sliding
over their bodies, manipulating their cocks, hefting and weighing
their balls and parting their buttocks to examine and finger
their assholes.

Unaccustomed to so such attention, the three slaves soon sport
massive erections and their piss-slits glisten with pre-cum. It
is only too obvious that they enjoy the attention their bodies
are receiving at the hands of such appreciative admirers. Their
master, for his part, is hoping that this interest in his slaves
will translate into bids when they stand on the auction block.

As they move through the streets into the central square of the
city, the slaves are surprised at the crowds thronging the
streets. They are surrounded by people hurrying about their
business. And everywhere they look they see slaves toiling and,
in observing them, they perhaps catch a glimpse of their own
futures.

They see gangs of municipal slaves, owned by the city council,
sweeping and cleaning the footpaths and gutters, whilst other
slaves are employed repairing and repaving the roadways; all
these slaves are under the watchful eyes of impatient overseers
armed with long, leather whips.

And of course, there are the various methods of transport, all
powered by slaves, whose role it is to ferry their masters around
the city.

However, for the slaves, the most disturbing sight is that of a
comfort station; one of many set up and operating throughout the
city.

The comfort station consists of a long wooden bench, upon which
ten, naked slaves are kneeling with their heads and hands locked
into a stock. Their knees are spread wide and are strapped down
exposing their puckering holes to public scrutiny. The bench is
built at a height that places their heads and asses at a
convenient height for either fucking or sucking. As they pass,
the slaves see several youths enthusiastically thrusting into
some of the unfortunate, straining slaves.

The comfort stations are a municipal initiative that caters for
the poorer citizens of the city who don't own slaves. However,
the facility is also popular with the city's businessmen and
merchants in need of a quick release from stress. Here, for a
nominal fee, they can use a slave's body in increments of fifteen
minutes. Each station is carefully supervised by a council
employee and two assisting slaves. To ensure hygiene, and after
each use, a slave is unfastened, flushed out and re-lubricated.
He is then placed in a nearby, holding cage to rest until he is
next required as a replacement on the bench.

The three slaves, used to the sheltered environment of their
master's farm are shocked by this sight and shudder at the
thought that they, too, could now be subjected to such an extreme
form of slavery.

Andy moves out of the square and down a side street leading to
the municipal sale yards. It is here that all livestock,
including slaves, from the surrounding farms are sold. At this
early hour, the yards are a scene of great activity with farmers
delivering their sheep, goats and cattle into the holding pens.
As they pass, the slaves see a caged area down one side of the
yards.

Locked in this cage are fifty, naked slaves due to be auctioned
in the afternoon after all the other livestock is sold. They
stand dejectedly, and in chains, looking out at the activity as
the eager buyers peruse the penned animals on offer. Soon, it
will be their turn to be inspected and these slaves will be led
out and chained by the ankle to a numbered podium for inspection
and examination by any potential bidders.

Passing through the stock market, Andy enters through tall wooden
gates into a paved courtyard surrounded by high stone walls.
There he gives the order for his pony to stop and rest.

As they enter the courtyard, the trembling slaves pass under a
sign reading:

DAVID J MATHESON, SLAVEBROKER
DEALER IN FINE SLAVES
REMEMBER! FOR THAT SPECIAL SLAVE - TALK TO DAVE

                        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Chapter 4: The Appraisals

Alighting from his rickshaw, Andy is approached by a middle-aged
slave who bows deeply before speaking. "Good morning, sir. How
may I help you?"

This slave is obviously of some importance as he wears a
loincloth and is, in fact, the chief steward of the
establishment.

"I wish to speak to your master. I have three slaves I want
appraised and valued." Andy replies.

"Certainly, sir. I'll take you to my master immediately. Can I
tell him who isasking for him?"

"Yes. My name is Andrew Trevorrow. I believe your master will
remember me as I have had dealings with him in the past."

"Thank you, sir. Can I ask sir; are these the slaves you wish my
master to look at?" He asks pointing to the three slaves. "If so,
I suggest that your overseer take them through that gate," the
slave indicates a small wooden gate in set in one of the walls,
"into the inspection yard." There is a slave in the yard who will
prepare them for my master's inspection."

Andy nods in agreement and instructs Toby to lead the slaves into
the yard and instructs him to assist in getting them ready.

"Thank you, sir. Now if you will come with me," the slave invites
Andy, "I'll take you to my master. I'm sure he will offer you the
hospitality of his house whilst your slaves are made ready. Oh,
one other thing... do you want me to have your pony watered?"

"Yes, please. He has travelled a long way and will have to make
the return trip in the full heat of the day."

"As soon as I have taken you to my master, I'll send a slave to
water him and to help him piss."

As Andy and the steward disappear into the building, Toby leads
his charges through the gate and into a small, dusty yard.
Running down the centre of the yard are a number of poles with
varying lengths of heavy chains attached. He is approached by a
slave who is naked accept for a heavy collar around his neck and
who asks Toby.

"Can I help you?"

"Yes, my master has brought these slaves in for pre-sale
appraisals." Toby answers. "At the moment he is with your master
and I was instructed to bring the slaves here and get them ready.
What needs to be done?"

"That's simple." The slave replies. "All that needs to be done is
to unshackle them and chain each of them to one of those poles.
So if you remove their ankle chains and unlock their collars from
the coffle chain, I'll take it from there. We'll soon have them
ready."

As Toby frees the first slave from his fellows, the yard slave
quickly locks the slave's wrists to the back of his neck collar
and fastens his collar to one of the chains attached to a post.
He then instructs the slave to kneel and assume the display
position; feet together, knees apart, back held rigidly straight
and his head bowed. The remaining two slaves are quickly dealt
with in a similar manner and chained to their respective posts.
Now the three slaves kneel in a row and await the arrival of
their master and the slave-dealer.

As they kneel in the dust of the courtyard the slaves are
suddenly aware of the approach of their master and another,
expensively but gaudily, dressed man. This man is middle-aged,
squat, and fat and is sweating profusely; both his balding head
and the shirt under his armpits are wet with perspiration. He
speaks with a wheeze not helped by the cigar he is smoking. The
slaves note the short, leather whip clipped to his belt.

Wordlessly, he slowly circles the kneeling slaves, several times,
before speaking to Andy.

"I compliment you on the quality of your livestock, Mr Trevorrow.
Top quality slaves and they present well. With your permission
I'll examine them in more detail before I give you an estimate on
their worth."

"Please do." Andy replies "That's why they're here."

"What about the older slave?" The dealer asks indicating Toby.
"Do you want him appraised too?"

"No, that won't be necessary. He's my steward. He's not for
sale."

"I don't mind that he's not for sale. I'm happy to do him with
the others. It'll be an obligation free valuation - courtesy of
the house, so to speak. It'll give you some idea of his current
value; something all owners need to know about their livestock."

Andy notices the momentary flicker of shock in Toby's eyes at the
prospect of being subjected to the dealer's examination.
Frowning, he decides to accept Dave Matheson's offer. He reflects
that Toby, from time to time, needs to be reminded that he is a
slave and that his special relationship with his master doesn't
disqualify him from being treated as one.

"Thank you, Mr Matheson, for your generous offer and I accept."
Andy responds as Toby trembles at the prospect.

"Right then, boy. Strip and kneel by that pole." The dealer
instructs Toby.

Toby looks imploringly at his beloved master but is ignored. He
knows he hasn't any choice other than to obey. He removes his
loincloth and kneels alongside an empty pole in line with the
other three slaves.

"Chain him up!" Dave Matheson commands the yard slave who hastens
to obey his master's order. Turning once more to Toby he barks.

"Assume the display position".

Toby does as instructed as his collar is chained to a post. Now
he is left to wait.

Then, unclipping his whip, Matheson snaps it at one of the blond
slaves and gives the order for him to.

"Stand and display'.

Fearfully the slave scrambles to his feet and submits to the
dealer's scrutiny. Dave Matheson unfastens the slave's wrists
from his collar and slowly moves his hands over the slave,
expertly gauging the muscle tone and strength of the young body.
He notes the slave's favourable responses to the manipulation of
his nipples and the inspection of the navel. Next he cups the
slave's balls in one hand and jiggles them up and down as if to
test their weight. With the other hand he strokes the cock. He is
pleased at the slave's instant response and smiles as it begins
to lengthen. Almost lovingly, he strokes the slave to a full
erection. He now raps out the command to `turn around' and begins
an examination of the slave's shoulders and back.

He pays particular attention to the slave's muscular ass and
squeezes both buttocks, testing them for firmness. Then his hands
travel down the outside of the slave's legs and back up the
inside to the thighs. Kicking the slave's ankles apart he orders
him to.

"Bend and spread".

Fearfully the slave hastens to obey. As his balls are pulled down
and away from his body, the slave gasps and squirms. He is
rewarded with two, loud, open-handed slaps to his buttocks
together with the shouted command to.

"STEADY! STAND STILL!"

Then the slave feels a finger circling his stretched and exposed
hole; he shudders at the unexpected pleasure this causes him. He
feels the dealer's finger thrusting into him and soon this is
joined by a second finger. The slave's cock is now rampantly
hard, and looking back between his legs, he sees a thread of
pre-cum slowly working its way downwards from his cock-head to
the ground. Then, as suddenly as they had entered him, the
fingers are withdrawn. With a slap on the ass he is ordered to.

"Stand up, face the front and display!"

Acting under his master's instructions, the yard slave now begins
to masturbate the slave. Already aroused, the slave quickly
responds and is soon ejaculating into a glass container held over
the tip of his cock. The dealer watches, with interest, the
powerful thrusting of the slave's hips as he pumps out his sperm.
Once finished the yard slave hands the glass container to his
master who examines the semen by touch, smell and taste.

Declaring his satisfaction he orders the slave to.

"Kneel and display."

Once the slave is on his knees, Dave Matheson runs his hands over
his cropped head before examining the ears, eyes, nose and mouth.
Ordered to open his mouth the slave receives a slap to the side
of his head and the order to "open wider". Then, as the final
part of his appraisal, the slave's tongue and teeth are examined.

Finally satisfied, the dealer declares. "He's in excellent
condition, Mr Trevorrow."

Now he turns his attention to the black-haired slave and the
order is given for him to.

"Stand and display."

Soon the remaining two slaves and Toby are deal with in a similar
manner to the first slave and Matheson declares the appraisals
finished and invites Andy to return to his office.

"I suggest we return to my office to discuss your options.
Usually, I don't discuss an impending sale in front of a slave;
it can unsettle him too much. It's much better if your slaves
don't overhear our discussions on their futures."

                           >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Chapter 5: Decisions! Decisions!

Once back in the office, the dealer asks:

"Before I give you my appraisals, can I ask what prices you were
hoping to get, Mr Trevorrow?"

"I was thinking of somewhere in the 8,000 to 9,000 drachmae range
for each of them".

"I'm afraid, given the current state of the market, those prices
are too ambitious. For the three younger slaves you could expect
to get 4,500 perhaps 4800 at the most. However, the older would
probably fetch 8,000 to 8,500 drachmae; but then he's in a
special category."

"I don't understand." Andy questions. "Why are the prices so
low?"

"As you are aware our northern neighbours are engaged in one of
interminable border disputes with each other. This has resulted
in outright warfare and many captured soldiers and civilian
prisoners have been enslaved. A lot of these new slaves are
finding their way south and are causing a glut in our slave
markets. Perhaps you noticed a pen of these new slaves on your
way through the livestock yards on your way here. They're up for
auction this afternoon. Of course, as they are new to slavery,
they are unbroken, wild slaves and won't sell at the same prices
of your tame ones; currently they are selling for about 3,000 to
3,500 drachmae. But, let's get back to your slaves. Are you
prepared to sell them in such a depressed market?"

Quickly Andy downs the sums in his head and is dismayed to
realise that the return from his three slaves won't cover the
cost of the statue. Hesitantly, he replies.

"I don't know. I really did expect to get higher prices for them
than the ones you quote".

Sensing Andy's disappointment, Matheson decides to change tack.

"Look your slaves are in superb condition. The two blonds are
fine specimens but unfortunately their strength works against
you. They're not suitable for sale as pleasure slaves as their
bodies are too muscular. Sold individually, I would think they'll
be bought by one of the big construction companies for use as
heavy labour on their building sites or in their stone quarries.
However, you might consider offering them as a matched pair -
that way they could appeal to an owner looking for handsome,
strong slaves to tend to his gardens and grounds and at the same
time provide eye candy as they work. Sold as a pair, at auction,
you could get an extra 500 drachmae for each of them. What do you
think?"

Desperate to make up the shortfall, Andy replies "Let's do it.
Now what about the other slave? Do you have any suggestions?"

"Well yes I do. This slave is in a different category to the
other two; he has a great body but isn't as bulky as the blonds.
I believe his handsome features and finely honed body would have
great appeal to a special client who sometimes buys a slave by
private contract. I often draw his attention to slaves I think he
might be interested in and I think your slave could appeal to
him. If so, I'm sure I can negotiate a higher price than you'd
get at auction".

"Can I ask the name of your client?"

"No. I can't reveal his identity at this stage. But I can assure
you he's a genuine buyer and one of our leading businessmen. In
fact, he's the proprietor of one of the city's top casinos and
its associated pleasure palace. He's always on the lookout for
handsome, tight-assed slaves to serve his exclusive clientele.
Certainly with his good looks, strong body and that tight
ass-hole your slave fits the bill. Should you be interested, I'm
happy to act on your behalf. Shall I contact him?"

"I don't know. My steward told me yesterday that the slave
doesn't like to be fucked. I wouldn't like to sell him and for
your client to feel he's been cheated."

Dave Matheson laughs. "It doesn't matter what the slave likes or
doesn't like -after all he's only a slave. You can take it from
me that if my client buys your slave, he'll soon get used to
being fucked; in fact that's all he'll be doing for most of his
time."

"I don't know." Andy demurs. "I don't feel comfortable subjecting
him to such a life."

"Your concern for the slave is admirable, Mr Trevorrow. But you
need to remember that he is a slave and once you sell him his
future life shouldn't concern you. Look, for the next few years
he'll live a life of luxury; his only role will be to satisfy his
master's clients. Eventually, of course, and once he has lost his
appeal, he'll be sold on. As you are no doubt aware, all casino
and pleasure house licences stipulate that the town council has
first right of refusal on such slaves; they use them to staff the
city's comfort stations. But that's in the future. Now, what you
need to decide is whether you want me to negotiate a higher price
with my client or take the risk of a lower price if he goes to
auction. It's your choice."

"I guess you're right." Andy decides. "Please contact your
client."

Aware that he is still short of the money needed to buy his
statue; Andy desperately considers his next option. Reluctantly
he asks:

"You mentioned my steward's value could be as high as 8,000 -
8,500 drachmae. Could he really be worth that much?"

"Indeed, he is an exceptional slave. His attraction is in his
handsome features and magnificent body. Also, he is well endowed;
he has large genitals and produces a prodigious amount of semen.
All these attributes qualify him as suitable for breeding. I know
of several clients who would pay handsomely to own such a slave.
It's even possible that you would get more than 8,500 drachmae if
they were to bid against one another. Are you interested in
selling him?"

"Reluctantly, yes I am. But tell me more; what will happen to
him?"

"My guess is that he will lead the pampered life of a stud on a
slave breeding farm. His new owner would ensure that he remains
healthy and that his body maintains its superb condition. No
doubt he would be worked hard at some heavy duty labour to
maintain his fitness; but, for him, this would be offset by the
pleasures of being mated with his master's female stock."

"I have to be honest with you." Andy tells Matheson. "He hasn't
had any sexual contact with females. Would this make a
difference?"

"I wouldn't think so. His mating will be carefully controlled by
his owner's stud-master who'll make sure he gets over any initial
shyness. If you're thinking of selling him, then I suggest I
contact those clients I know would be interested in him and
invite them to privately inspect him prior to auction, The idea
is to, whet their appetites' and then to let them bid against one
another. What do you say, Mr Trevorrow?"

"Alright go ahead with the sale of all four slaves. What needs to
be done?"

"All I need from you is your signature appointing me to act as
your agent and allowing me to chastise your slaves if necessary."
Noting the look of alarm on Andy's face, the dealer hastens to
explain. "Don't worry; any punishment I need to administer to
your slaves will be mild. There won't be any marking or damaging
of their bodies. It's simply a requirement of all the insurance
companies that slave-brokers are free to restrain a troublesome
slave if the need arises."

As Andy signs the necessary paperwork, the dealer re-assures him.

"You can rest easy that I'll take great care of your slaves.
After all, it is in my interests too; the higher the return to
you, the greater the commission for me. I would prefer to sell
them by private treaty, if possible, rather than see them go to
auction alongside the wild, unbroken, northern imports. They are
in magnificent condition and deserve to be sold as the prime
stock they undoubtedly are. Anyway, tonight, I'll cage your four
slaves, together, away from my other stock. That way they'll be
able to support each other. I find that the first night in the
pens is always the worst for a slave being sold. No doubt,
they'll fret for their familiar surroundings and the loss of
their old lives. Still I find if you give them adequate food and
water and clean straw for their bedding they'll soon settle down.
Strangely enough most slaves are resilient. When they wake up
tomorrow they'll realise that their old lives are over and their
new ones are about to begin."

"I have one other question, Mr Matheson. If they go to auction
when will they be sold? I'd like to be present at their sale."

"Well today's Wednesday. What about Saturday's sale? There are
more buyers at a weekend sale than a mid-week one. Also that
gives me time to phone my special clients and invite to inspect
the slaves before the sale. These inspections are also good for
the slaves; it takes their minds off their sale as they are
forced to concentrate all their attention on pleasing the buyers
who are examining them."

The two men shake hands as the dealer hands Andy his copy of the
sales authorisation.

"Well that's it then, Mr Matheson. Thank you for your help. I'll
see you at the sale on Saturday."

"Thank you for your custom, Mr Trevorrow. I look forward to
seeing you on Saturday. I'll make sure your slaves are well
presented at their pre-sale showings and on the day, should they
go to auction, they will be clean, with
their faces freshly shaven and their bodies oiled. I know they
will do you proud."

Walking back through the inspection yard, Andy looks resolutely
ahead without making eye contact with the still kneeling slaves.
Deliberately, he ignores Toby's questions of.

"Master? Master?"

He enters his rickshaw and as he prepares to drive away he closes
his mind to Toby's anguished shouts of.

"PLEASE, MASTER! DON"T LEAVE ME HERE! COME BACK, MASTER! PLEASE!"

As he drives away from the slave-dealer's yard, Andy recalls the
advice given to him by his father many years ago, but which he
chose to ignore; namely that you treat slaves justly and firmly
but you never become emotionally attached to them. As his father
had explained, slaves are, after all, just another form of
livestock. He resolves to remember and act upon this advice in
future.

He also recalls a story he'd read two or three years ago entitled
"You Can't be Friends with a Slave." He reflects that this is
sound advice from a wise author.

Once out of the livestock market he turns his pony towards
Antonio Varo's workshop. He is now in the happy position to
confirm his purchase of the wrestlers and he'll still have money
left over from the sale of his four slaves.

Smiling to himself, he resolves to buy himself a young, newly,
enslaved prisoner from the north while prices are so low.

To be continued..................





