My sweetheart, he's a drunkard, Lord, Lord, drinks down in New Orleans.
The only thing a drunkard needs is a suitcase and a trunk. 
The only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.
Fills his glasses to the brim, passes them around. 
Only pleasure he gets out of life is hoboin' from town to town.
One foot is on the platform and the other one on the train. 
I'm going back to New Orleans to wear that ball and chain.
Going back to New Orleans, my race is almost run. 
Going back to spend the rest of my days beneath that Rising Sun.

~ Traditional

Storyville. He had found an old and tattered blue book, lady and fan on the cover, lists of sporting houses inside. Thorough as to prices, services, how the houses were decorated, how the houses were stocked. He'd felt a sick twist in his stomach as he'd read, though the book had been published ten years ago and most all the houses had moved on.

Though he suspects a number of the girls were still doing the rounds.

New Orleans is hot. The air is moist and hot, making his shirt stick to his ribs, the sun was hot and he had sharp red sunburn curling around the back of his neck, and the jazz –

The jazz was definitely hot.

Jensen is dressed to the nines. Tight fitted jacket (narrow shoulders, high pinched in waist) in dark gray, white starched shirt with high winged collar, cream silk tie. His shoes are shined bright, a pair of dark Oxfords that pinch somewhat but look good enough that Jensen doesn't mind the blisters all that much.

It's all from the pawn shop.

All pawned goods, bought in by folk desperate and needing.

Jensen wonders what can drive a man to hock his shoes.

He looks into the mirror as he slicks his hair. He hasn't got the hang of this quite yet, can't get it to lay smooth and sleek like the gents in the movies and on the bandstand he sees. The mirror is only a fragment that shows half his face at a time, and he's unsure how he looks, if he looks like he's only playing dress up.

He's just a couple dollars in his pocket, nothing much, enough for a drink or two, last of his funds after getting the clothes out of the hock shop.

Taking one last look in the mirror, rolling back shoulders that still ache from work (running errands, delivering coal, sweeping up) he steps out of his room and onto the landing. The room below isn't overfull. Marie, the only prostitute to still work and live at The Red Door, is playing poker with Mr. Vincent, who owns the place. Long feathers are arranged in Marie's hair, and her nails are painted absinthe green. Vernon, a large man with thinning hair and perpetually sweaty brow, is wiping down the long wooden bar.

"Well, lookie at that. You go around all spit and shined like that, sweetheart, and you'll have all the men knocking at your door instead of mine." Marie smiles up at him and throws him a wink. "You trying to put me out of business, Jen darling?"

Jensen shakes his head. He likes Marie, she always has alka seltzer on hand for when he's had a few too many, and has a stack of creams and lotions for any bruises or aches he picks up. She sits with him sometimes when he's curled up on his bed, head thumping and stomach cramping and tells him tales of the old days. Singing blues at the doorway to her little crib on Basin street, getting business as much for her voice as she did for her body. The one season she'd worked at Mahogany Hall, and the shine and glitter of the mirrored parlor, Lulu White and her red wig. "I don't think you've anything to worry about," he murmurs, stepping over to leave a light kiss on her cheek. "Prettiest woman alive."

Marie throws back her head a lets out a sharp, high pitched cackle. "Sweet talker!"

Mr. Vincent nods at his clothes. "Living the high life now, aren't we."

"Sir?"

Mr. Vincent shakes his head, glances down at his cards then back up to Jensen. "See you look after yourself, boy. Just cause the men will be dapper and rich don't mean you ever turn your back on them." He shuffles his cards to his liking. "How much funds you got on you?"

"Two dollars, sir."

Mr. Vincent purses his lips, sparing one long that went from Jensen's feet to the top of his head. "Vernon," he barks out. "Bring the cash box here."

"Sir, no, I..." Jensen stammers.

"Here you go, Mr. Vincent, sir." Vernon scuttles over, holding out the old cash box with green paint flaking off it.

Mr. Vincent plucks a key from his waistcoat and opens the box, long elegant fingers shuffling delicately through the contents. He pulls out a small fold of bills and holds them out to Jensen. "Put half in your pocket book, the other in your shoe."

"No, sir."

"Jensen."

"No, sir. Thank you, sir." Jensen takes a step back. "I don't want charity. I've got enough, and I earnt it. Thank you but no."

"You’re a stupid, stubborn boy."

"Sorry, sir."

Mr. Vincent shot Marie a look, watching her roll her eyes and trying not to laugh. "Well, if you are going to dig your heels in it doesn't seem like there is anything I can do about it, does there. Where are you going tonight?"

"Just The Ballroom, sir."

"Hmm. Well, I've a marker from the bartender, Renee, over there. You have any trouble, you just go and have a word with him, tell him my name and tell him I would take it as a kindness if you wouldn't end up knifed in the gutter."

Jensen sighed, glancing up to the ceiling. "Yes, sir. Of course, sir."

Smiling and shaking his head, Mr. Vincent dismissed Jensen. "Go on then, get out of here. Some of us have a business to run."

"Yes, sir."

On the street it smells of honeysuckle and sweat and the sewers. Jensen is already too hot, mopping at his brow. He'd run out of funds before he could pick up a hat, and although the sun is slanting low, the heavy weight of it unshaded makes him feel a little faint, lungs striving for more air.

Some of the Speakeasies he passed are obvious, music and laughter heard clear onto the street, others are hidden away, you had to pass through hardware stores or sneak up back alleys to find yourself frisked by large doormen who patted you down and sneered at you at the same time. The old cribs are more visible, narrow doors and windows, sweep of balconies, flash of skin and sex behind heavy swags of bougainvillea.

The doorman at The Ballroom recognizes him, sends him a sketchy smile and waves him through. It isn't one of the fanciest clubs in New Orleans, one step up from a juke joint, paint peeling off the walls, and more than a few folk spitting on the floor. Gardenias thick and white and fleshy, lush with scent, nestle in dark hair though, and cottons are cleaned and starched, best lace gathered at necks and wrists. All the day's dirt and grime has been washed clean away, best striped pants, cork soled shoes, and turned up collars on display. The band hasn't started yet, and couples use the dance-floor to nod and smile at each other, exchanging pleasantries.

Jensen doesn't know any of the crowd here, has never been here, front of house before. Is more used to being let in the back door, making himself useful by setting up the bandstand, cleaning the musicians' instruments, fetching drinks. No money from this of course, just the chance to stand behind the bandstand and listen to that swing.

He edges around the crowd, too nervous to try and find his way through the center. At the bar he gets a cocktail and doesn't ask what's in it. He resists the urge to ask the barman if he's Renee, and how on earth he let a man like Mr. Vincent hold his marker.

Mr. Vincent is a good guy if you work for him and he likes you, but Jensen's under no allusions about his boss, get on the wrong side of him and you won't live long enough to miss your kneecaps.

The drink isn't good, tastes sour and not all the mint in the world can disguise the rough taste of bathtub gin made by a rank amateur.

Small round tables circle the dance-floor, and Jensen snags a seat at the table to the furthest left, out of the way of the main crowd, but tucked up close to the bandstand.

He's thankful no one approaches him. He's no talent for getting folk to leave him be, can't fathom how to tell them 'no' and 'not interested'. The politest small talk is beyond him and he's been caught before, stuck for hours listening to the minutiae of someone's daily comings and goings, unable to get away.

He stretches out his legs in front of him and rolls his shoulders again, feeling the suit jacket pull tight and restricting.

Charles Theo Walker steps onto the bandstand, resplendent in black tie and tails, and throws out winks and smirks to the audience. "My dearest Ladies, Gentlemen - and those that have slipped in through the back door - I welcome you to The Ballroom." Charles is beautiful, hair slicked back immaculately, dark eyes both sharp and warm, long slender fingers past the perfect white of his cuffs. "And I would kindly ask that you welcome to the stage the most celebrated jazz band of the age - The Walker Syncopators."

The crowd duly cheers and claps, and Jensen leans forward as the rest of the orchestra take to the stage.

Before New Orleans he'd never seen a band with more than six members, and this - ?

This is something beyond what he ever dreamt might be. There are cornets and saxophones, drums and piano, trombone, double bass, guitar, vibes, percussion.

They start up right away, launching themselves into a quick number that has the crowd in a lather. Young girls being thrown about by their partners, people wriggling about to the beat and rhythm, shoulder and hips shaking, bodies popping across the wide smooth dancefloor.

Jensen's feet and fingers are caught in the rhythm instantly. The cornets are good, damn good, circling around each other, calling out to each other, the sound bright and loud.

The Big Noise.

He wants to move his hips too. Wants to move his entire body to this rhythm, wants to leap up, and show how this music makes his bones dance.

The band launch into song after song. Charles Theo Walker addresses the crowd now and again, points out the soloists, asks the audience to applaud their efforts. Ladies and gents Mr Hale Jones. On saxophone Cesar La Motte. Please give a hand to Mr Kentucky Willis on drums.

Jensen's skin prickles, he feels hot and tired and jumpy all at once, like he's sunburnt all over and been drinking nothing but café au lait.

He doesn't move from his seat until the band take a break, then he spends the last of his cash on another drink which he downs in one long gulp.

The second sets starts and he finds his seat again. It's getting late, well past midnight, and the songs turn low and bluesy.

Deep notes, blue notes, full of pain and acceptance.

Jensen finds himself shutting his eyes to better appreciate the sound.

By then end of the set he is half gone, eyes unfocused, feeling more drunk than if he'd had of had a gallon to drink. He can feel it in his blood, and sweeping across his skin, it reminds him of Christian singing as he kissed his neck, of that messy haired boy who'd teased him beyond endurance. It's twitching down in his muscles, uncurling bright and hot in his belly, his bones are light and heavy at once, his marrow liquid.

When the set finally ends and the band falls silent he gets up and makes his way to the edge of the bandstand. A few of the musicians smile or nod at him, call out vague greetings. A couple whistle, commenting on his suit.

Charles Theo Walker crouches down on the edge of the bandstand, looks into his eyes for a few long drawn out seconds. "Wait here. I'll be done in a few."

Jensen nods, breath short, body thrumming with want.

He watches vaguely as instruments are packed away and appointments made for the next day. Some of the guys are heading off somewhere else to carry on playing, others are going home to sweethearts, more are eying up some of the girls that linger, throwing long looks over bare pretty shoulders.

"Jensen?"

Charles is doing the rounds, speaking to each of his musicians, praising and criticizing. Letting them know that he heard that slip on the forth bar, that he'd never heard the drums so good so sharp and fast, and what in the Christ happened to that poor cornet?

"Jensen Ackles, that you?"

A tentative touch to his shoulder and he's spinning round, half jumping out of his skin.

"Damn, look at you! Jesus Christ, Jensen Ackles!"

The face is vaguely familiar, smooth dark skin, wide eyes, touch of humor about the mouth. But it's the thick Texas accent that has him stepping back sharply.

"I would never have credited it but it looks like you done just fine after you run off like you did." A long stare at Jensen's clothes, "Just fine indeed!"

"I'm sorry, I..." It hits him then – Old Man Joseph's kid, little Joey, who'd been a scrawny kid when he'd left, just shot up from his growth spurt, all skin and bones. "Joey?"

"In the flesh." Joey laughs, just throws back his head and laughs. "Folk would never have believed you'd make it out here, make something of yerself. Goddamn, there was bets that you was lying dead in a ditch somewhere, that the storm had got ya. That or your daddy, mean sonovabitch that he was, had finally done and killed ya. But here you is!" Joey laughs again, then sobers, ducking his head, "You heard anything of your folks since you left?"

Jensen shakes his head. "No, didn't never try to neither. Left that behind."

"Okay. Right. Well."

"What is it, Joey?"

"Your daddy died. About a year back now. Fell from a wagon and bust his neck and back up some. Didn't kill him, but he couldn't walk no more, and, well, folk said there was other things he couldn't do neither. Right arm was useless, left still worked some mind. Your mama cared for him."

Out of the corner of his eye Jensen can see Charles waiting for him, hanging back all politeness 'til they're done talking. "What happened then?"

"No one right knows. Found him dead, sitting in his chair, shot clean through his throat. Little pistol down by his left hand."

"And Mama?"

"Nowhere to be seen. Just gone." Joey hisses out a breath. "Don't worry none though, authorities put it down to suicide. Said he did it all hisself, so she don't got to hide."

Jensen nods at this. "Okay. Okay. Thank you for letting me know." His hand flutters for a moment, dancing up near his throat and back down again. "Thanks, Joey, for letting me know," he repeats.

Charles lives top of a store that sells just about everything. It's an old attic, and he shares it with five other men, all band mates, and they string up old sheets to act as barriers when they are wanting some privacy. As they walk up the stairs Jensen knows Charles is talking to him but can't hear the words.

All he can hear is the rush of blood in his ears and something that sounds like the wind, high and frightened.

He wishes he could be listening to the music Charles and his Syncopators had been playing earlier. Fast and hot, or low and bluesy. Something to fill his head.

It's hot and stuffy in the attic and Charles throws open a couple of windows –

And there it is, faint, caught on a fine breeze, the call of the saxophone.

Jensen smiles slightly.

Charles's hand curls about his waist, fingers tapping out a light rhythm on his hipbone. "You back with me now, Jen? Seems like you went away for a bit there."

"Hmm," Jensen leans back into the long hard line of Charles body, feels his hands come round to holding him tighter. "Sorry."

"That's alright." Charles kisses the spot just behind Jensen's ear, lips warm and soft. "You alright?"

"Hmm," Jensen hums again. "I'm fine. I'm just fine now." He shimmies back a little, smiling as Charles clutches him tighter, kisses then nips at his skin.

They've messed around backstage some – quick kisses and gropes, Charles rubbing Jensen off through the thin material of his corduroys, Jensen sinking to his knees when they've got five minutes between sets and Charles is jumpy with the buzz of it all – but they haven't never come back to Charles' place before. Charles' bed before.

Jensen squirms, wants to be out of these clothes, wants bare skin, and Charles heavy against his back, wants to be sweaty and breathless and hurting so good.

"Patience," Charles chuckles in his ear, voice low, deep as a double bass, and rumbling through his spine making him squirm harder, rocking his hips back sharply. "Ain't no need to rush now that I got you here, ain't no need at all."

Another lick and sharp bite behind his ear and Jensen is moaning, breath hitching.

"Taste you fine right here," Charles confides, "All sweet and salt and just real fine."

A sharper bite, a little lower on the throat, then Charles is suckling at it, bruising it up, and Jensen is tilting his head to give him more room before he's even thought about it. His own hand going back to hold Charles' head there.

"Mark up so easy," Charles pants against his neck when he pulls slightly away. "All you white boys do, bruise and mark at the slightest thing."

One last little sting as Charles' teeth find a fresh part of Jensen's skin and then Jensen is being twisted round, so that they are chest to chest, pressing sloppy kisses at each other, Jensen's hands molded to Charles' shoulder blades, Charles with one hand hooked around the nape of Jensen's neck, and one pressing tight against the small of Jensen's back, up beneath his jacket against the damp sweat of his shirt.

The saxophone outside the window plays on, the sound spiraling up.

Charles pulls away long enough to arrange the white sheets that hang off washing lines around his bed. He tugs Jensen by the hand until they are hidden away. "Come on, off now," he pulls at Jensen's tie as Jensen laughs, giddy.

"Finally," Jensen huffs, fingers tugging at buttons, shoulders shimmying out of his jacket, dropping all his fine clothes to the floor. He strips as fast he can, shoes toed off, suit pants skimmed down his legs, manages faster than Charles, and turns to help him.

Beneath his clothes Charles is fine strong muscles and perfect smooth skin, he smells of sweat and chickory and Jensen presses his face to the hot skin at Charles sternum, breathing in deeply.

It seems to Jensen that Charles is touching him everywhere. Hands skating down his spine, finding the curve of his ass, stroking back up his flanks, circling around again.

"Should have done this the first time I seen you," Charles walks them backwards towards the bed. "Pretty little thing, gaping up at me while we're practicing on the bandstand, all big green eyes and freckles." Jensen's calves hit the bed and he tumbles backwards. "Never did see someone look so burnt up just standing there on their own, nobody touchin' them, no one even whispering sweet and dirty in their ear. Had this look on your face like you was getting your dick sucked for the first time, and you couldn't believe it was actually happening."

Jensen shakes his head, but reaches out to pull Charles down on top of him. "You're talking nonsense."

Charles wraps one hand around Jensen's cock, long, agile fingers squeezing and learning the feel and curve of it. "Not so. Looked a little like you do now. Flushed pink, mouth open like there just ain't quite enough air, eyes open as wide as they can be so you don't miss a thing." A wriggle and Charles' own cock is pressed up against Jensen's and everything feels hot and fierce and dizzying. "Looked like you was just about to spurt and you didn't care a thing if everyone saw."

"Christ," Jensen curses as Charles squeezes a little tighter, closes his eyes and trying to hold on. "Shut up. Shut up, please."

"Shut up and do what - ?" One finger is trailing back behind Jensen's balls, sliding back and playing light over his hole. "This what I should be doing? Getting myself in here? Pushing up into you until you scream and want to die from being so full, from feelin' so good."

Jensen gasps, spine rolling as Charles' words flow over him. He spreads his legs wider, trying to push back, chest heaving.

Suddenly there's oil, or lotion, something slick and cool being pressed into him and he shivers from the contact. He winces a little as one long finger presses up and in. It's been awhile since he last did this, last knew someone well enough to be taken back to their bed and not just taken the time for hands and mouths in a back alley somewhere. Charles' other hand has left his cock and is petting at his belly, stroking and soothing like he thinks Jensen's going to have a change of heart and pull away.

Jensen is just about to growl at him, to shove back harder, demand more, when he hears the door to the attic open and a rabble of voices as at least three men enter.

He stills, body locked in place, eyes darting from Charles' face to the thin protection of the sheets that surround them and move gently in the breeze.

He tries to twitch away from the hold Charles has on him, but Charles is suddenly moving, one hand reaching up to cup his face, thumb trailing over his cheekbone. "It's alright, Darling," Charles whispers, voice soft and low. "No one here but you and me. No one at all. Not even Jim Crow. It's just you and me."

The finger still pressed hot up inside him twitches and Jensen gasps loudly.

A laugh sounds from the other side of the sheet and Jensen feels his face flush brighter.

"Just you and me," Charles repeats, then presses in a second finger, smiling as Jensen pushes back into the burn and stretch of it.

The fingers dance and shimmy about in him, pressing in deep, then darting back to stretch and play with the rim, thumb pressed up tight behind his balls, and he's sweating and writhing on the bed, air punched out of his lungs every time Charles' fingers manage to graze that spot inside of him.

It's too much and just as Jensen's sure he can't take anymore, thighs and belly tense, body straining towards release, Charles's hands retreat and shift, turning him over onto his stomach, knees drawn a little way up, face pressed into the pillow.

Jensen pants wetly into the pillow as Charles begins to slide himself in. It's too much, too big, too hard. He keens a little, shuddering, hands flexing to grip at the bedding.

It's too much.

He's split open and pushing back desperately, and then from just beyond the thin white sheets, so close it feels like it's half an inch from his ear comes the low wail of a trombone, and a high scaling note from a fiddle and the band begins to play.

It's too much, and Jensen cries out as his body convulses, and tightens, and sparks.

He collapses down onto the bed, Charles still rocking up hard into him, and listens to the music.

Marie laughs at the little bruises high up on his throat, Mr. Vincent frowns slightly, thin lips pursed and discontent. Jensen waves lightly to them where sit, still playing at their game of poker, as he drags himself up the stairs to his room.

His clothes are dirty and rumpled, stained in places and he shucks them off, kicking them into a corner of the room next to Christian's guitar, ready for laundry.

He smiles as the fragment of mirror shows him the kiss-bites Charles had given him, and he presses his hand to one, gasping at the sudden hurt and heat that shoots through him.

He stretches just to feel his muscles ache and protest, before crawling into his own bed, curling himself around the pillow, humming a snatch of the tune that had surrounded him when he lay in Charles' bed.

As sleep comes he wonders where his Mama has run off to.