Amber Becomes a 'Grope Girl'
bywritemarksmith©

Amber was a beautiful girl and she knew it. She had realized the effect she had on men when she started blossoming as a teenager and had grown up expecting it.

Amber was slim with long blonde (dyed) hair and a gentle tan across her unblemished white skin. Men of course turned their heads to see her firm tits and generous ass, but she also had a classically beautiful face, with high cheekbones, big brown eyes and pouty lips.

Despite boys chasing her throughout high school, Amber had remained a virgin until her senior year, finally giving herself to her college boyfriend. The relationship continued when Amber went to college out of state. There were times when she had been tempted by men at her campus, but she was determined to do well in her. studies and used her committed relationship as a shield against the many potential distractions.

Through her freshman year at college, Amber kept to herself much of the time, but she did have two friends she spent time with. One was Gina, who had gone to the same high school as Amber. Amber and Gina had not been close in high school, but they naturally found each other during orientation and continued to hang out. Amber's other friend was a freshman boy named Rick. Rick clearly had a crush on Amber, but she made sure he understood there was no chance. He seemed grateful just to spend time with her and help her with her studies.

With Amber further away, she didn't see her boyfriend Peter much during her freshman year. Amber flew back home and saw him one weekend before Christmas, they saw each other over Christmas break, and then again for spring break. She noticed each time he seemed a little less sweet than he used to be, and a little more demanding when they made love. Over spring break she was taken aback when instead of going down on her like he. had so many times before, he demanded she suck his cock. Amber had never been that into giving bj's. Her first boyfriend was fine with her not giving him any and Peter seemed to have accepted that she was not that good at it, so would let her stop after a minimal effort. This time, however, he was insistent she keep going. Amber licked a little more but was then shocked to have Peter grab her hair and start to face fuck her aggressively. She was aware that his brother was in the next bedroom and could hear through the walls so she tried to keep quiet as he pushed his cock in and out of her throat. Finally he pulled out and to her shock started to shoot all over her face. Peter had never done anything like that before. Amber was pissed off, but also strangely turned on.

With Peter spent, Amber cleaned up with the two Kleenex that were left in the box, then went to the bathroom, passing Peter's brother's open bedroom door. She could feel his brother's eyes on her and felt the burn of humiliation. As she cleaned herself up in the bathroom she felt unsatisfied and started to finger herself. Amber didn't masturbate often and certainly never outside her bedroom but she felt horny and angry and soon...she came.

When summer came, Peter was off in Costa Rica trip. which offered him credit for a course. By the time he came back it had been many months since Amber had been fucked. Peter looked fitter and was more tanned than she had ever seen him before and she coaxed him away from his family to get him up to his room. She longed to have Peter look down at her while. he fucked her, but that day Peter quickly turned her over so she was on all fours and pushed deep inside her. She turned to see him but he pushed her head down on the pillow and started to push in and out of her hard. Amber worried Peter's family could hear her, but she couldn't help let a few moans out as Peter used her.

With only a few weeks left in the summer Amber was anxious to spend time with her boyfriend, and despite herself found herself fantasizing about how dominant Peter had become with her. To her shock, after postponing meeting up with her, Peter finally told her that he had found another girl at college, and had been in Costa Rica with her. Amber was devastated. She went back and forth with Peter over text. They met up one more time, with Peter again using her roughly, but Amber realized it was over. The boy she had given herself to for two years had dumped her.

With one week until she headed off for college Amber studied herself in the mirror and it cheered her up to see how good. she looked. Peter was a fool, she told herself. She would have her choice of men this year, especially when they found out she was single. Mad at having saved herself for Peter, she decided she needed to loosen up and enjoy herself. College was a time to let go, she thought with a smile, and now she had no reason not to do so.

One her first day back on campus Amber wore one of the new outfits she had just bought to prepare for the new Amber. It was sluttier that she normally dressed, a tight and short white dress that hugged her body. It was just an H&M knock off. but she knew she looked hot and the looks she got while walking around confirmed it. Amber was on the lookout for a party to go to before classes started and the one everyone was talking about was the Kappa Alpha Beta party. It was for the biggest sorority on campus the one many girls wanted to be a part of. In her first year Amber had not tried to join any sorority, thinking of them as rather juvenile, but she figured she could still get an invite. She had always been one who was able to get into parties or nightclubs based on her looks and she didn't imagine this would be different.

Amber told Gina about her plan and her friend cautioned her, "I heard...the party gets pretty...crazy. Maybe we can find somewhere a little quieter?"

Amber had also heard the party was pretty wild but she emphasized that she was ready for something a little crazy and Gina told her about a TA named Crystal, who she thought was one of the party's organizers. Determined, Amber sought out Crystal, a tall, striking senior at the college, confidently approached her, asking how she could get an invite.

Crystal didn't respond immediately, and Amber felt her eyes look her up and down. She noticed Crystal's perfume, and how. attractive she looked with her well manicured nails and of the moment outfit. Amber felt...intimidated...and it was an unusual feeling for her.

"Sorry", Crystal finally spoke, "it's for sorority girls only."

Amber had no response, but when Crystal started to turn away she felt a desperation and yelped for her to wait. Crystal turned around with a bemused look and Amber scrambled,

"I...really want to go...", she implored then, seeing Crystal's bored look added, "please?"

Crystal gave Amber an amused smile and looked again at her body. Amber squirmed a little, wondering if Crystal thought she looked cheap.

"Well, if you came you'd have to follow the same rules as all the girls trying out,"

Crystal. spoke slowly and emphatically. Amber nodded, seeing an opening but her eyes widened when Crystal finished, "You'd have to be a 'grope girl'."

Amber had heard the term before, and she now recalled that it had been for last year's sorority party. She had assumed the stories had been exaggerated but seeing Crystal looking down at her, she was not so sure now.

"A...'grope girl'?" Amber finally managed to ask.

Crystal smiled as she told Amber about the tradition of the sorority to throw an start of the year party for the biggest Frat House on campus. Part of the party's appeal is that the freshman girls who are going through initiation to become a sorority sister had to dress in little skirts and offer themselves up to be groped by guys at the party.

What Crystal was saying shook Amber, but she said it with such confidence and positivity that Amber found herself nodding and weakly smiling back. Crystal. outlined some more details but Amber's head was spinning too much to follow her.

"So, are you in or not?" Crystal. asked, perhaps irritated with Amber dumbly staring up at her.

Amber couldn't find the words. She knew she should demure, but she felt a flash of anger with herself at the idea she would not go for it and be wild. Finally, Amber nodded unsurely and gave a wane smile. Crystal smiled, had Amber punch her number in her phone then walked away, leaving Amber to wonder why she had agreed. She had committed to be wilder, but...to 'offer' herself up for. strangers to grope? Amber shivered at the idea, and tried to ignore the hint of wetness that betrayed she also found the idea a bit exciting.

When Amber told Gina she was going, Gina asked if she

should go too. Amber hesitated as she had hoped she wouldn't have to tell Gina the conditions, but she haltingly explained that she. had agreed to be a 'grope girl'.

Gina's eyes widened as she gasped. "What? I thought...we said girls like that were...desperate?"

For some reason hearing herself referred to as 'desperate' sent a wave of excitement through Amber. The truth is she knew she had agreed to demean herself and had been stressed about it...but it was also true that she had had to stop herself from masturbating a few times when she would start to fantasize about what it would like to have strange boys' hands on her. She reminded herself that the whole idea was to be wilder. If Gina wasn't up for an adventure she'd go it alone.

The day before the party Amber had another chance to back out. Her platonic friend Rick had asked her to go with him to a movie showing by their favorite Korean director. Amber explained she was headed to a party and asked if Rick would mind awfully writing an introductory paper for her that was due next week. Rick was disappointed but agreed to do Amber's homework. Amber thanked him, gave him a peck on the cheek and turned her attention to the next day's event.

The morning of the party, Crystal had texted Amber some more details for the event, which included a time by which the 'grope girls' had to arrive. Crystal also assured that there would be no penetration allowed by the gropers at the party. This detail provided some assurance there were controls in place, but also shocked Amber when she realized it needed to be clarified at all.

Crystal had also included a dress code for 'grope girls' (Crystal's text had actually stated "Dear Grope Girls" at the start, which made Amber feel a now familiar mix of shame and arousal). Amber was to wear a short plaid skirt (the text actually stated that it should be 'too' short, with bare legs, high heels and a top, preferably white, that could be 'unbuttoned for easy access'.

The text ended with the line, "Please confirm your consent to being on display and felt up by all men at the party by texting back to all copied, 'This obedient grope girl is ready to be of service'"

Amber's hands shook as she wrote the words, but she texted this back to Crystal and all the other girls (and boys) Crystal had copied. Amber couldn't resist any longer and fingered herself to orgasm in her bed. She imagined what the party might be like, but this evolved to fantasizing about her ex., his brother and his friends all groping her while she stood before them in just her panties, letting them use her.

When Amber dressed for the party she put on the only plaid skirt she had. It was from a Halloween costume she had worn at a high school party without her parents knowing. It had been 'too short' then, and now, with her ass even more plump, was almost lewd. Bending over just a little exposed the bottom of her ass cheeks. She put on a simple button up shirt, and decided to tie it up at the bottom a la Brittany Spears to make it more stylish. Finally she put on high heels and studied herself in the mirror. She looked like...a slut. With two more hours until she had to make the 10 minute trip to the party, Amber masturbated one more time with a mixture of fear and excitement overcoming her.

Amber was surprised how brave she felt as she arrived a little earlier than she was told. She was greeted by an attractive girl dressed simply, in jeans and a black top. The girl somehow gave the air of being wealthy, but was nice to Amber who nervously introduced herself. The girl found Amber's name, looked her up and down and welcomed her to the party. She asked Amber if she was clear on the rules as a 'grope girl', and Amber nodded almost eagerly. She reminded Amber to be polite to any man who approached her and address them as 'Sir'. Amber nodded again and took the party bracelet the girl offered her. Amber was in and her heart beat fast as she walked into the main area.

Amber was surprised to see so few people there, but she knew she was early. She stood by herself and watched people slowly start to arrive. She was surprised the guys were not approaching her, but it gave her a chance to find her bearings. She noted that the girls were almost all very pretty. The older ones were dressed like normal college kids hanging out at night, but the freshman were immediately identifiable as they strutted around in their tiny skirts. Some were so short that their asses were visible as they walked around. One girl was wearing a bikini top with her nipples quite visible.

The boys were generally attractive but under-dressed, wearing jeans, shorts and baseball caps. Amber recognized a few from her clases. Then there were a number of boys wearing...diapers? They seemed to be freshman, who Amber did not know.

An Indian girl wearing her tiny plaid skirt approached Amber. Amber asked why the guys seemed to all be on one side of the room and the girl, named Myra, noted that the party officially started at 9pm, which was 10 minutes away.

"That's when they are allowed to...grope." Myra said with a smile. Amber looked at Myra who was pretty with dark features and big brown eyes. She was a little plump with baby fat, so her outfit looked even sluttier than on most of the other girls but her easy smile made her seem sweet at the same time.

Amber thanked Myra and asked why some boys were in diapers. Myra explained they were freshman and as part of their initiation they had to act as waitstaff for the event, dressed only in adult diapers. Mrya noted that the freshman boys were not allowed to grope.

The two girls chatted a little more which helped make Amber a little less nervous as 9pm approached. Finally at 9pm there was an announcement with a booming male voice exhorting all to "get the party started!"

There was a buzz in the room and the boys started to make their way towards the girls who were there for their enjoyment. Three made their way towards Amber and her new friend. They looked like fellow sophmores. Two clearly had their eyes on Amber but Myra taunted them as they approached,

"Are you looking for these?" she asked pushing her braless tits up through her thin t shirt. Two boys reached her first and Amber heard their compliments as they felt up her tits gratefully. The boy who approached Amber was a little more tentative, perhaps because she was so attractive.

"Are you...a freshman?" he asked, reaching out to feel Amber's tit almost as if he expected to be slapped. Amber was even more nervous than he was.

"No...I...am not part of the sorority." she answered.

One of the other boys overheard and turned to Amber as he had his hand under Myra's shirt, circling her nipple with his finger.

"Why are you here then?!" he asked incredulously.

"I..." Amber fumbled not sure what to say, "I wanted to go to the party?" she said, her voice rising as if asking a question.

The boy laughed, leaving Myra to his friend and turning his attention to Amber. "Oh really?", he said, smirking "...you were excited to be a grope girl?"

Amber blushed as the boy moved closer, looking into her eyes as the other boy who had been feeling up her tits moved aside. "I...yes Sir...I...did."

The alpha boy laughed and said to his friends, "She may win sluttiest girl at the party!" he exclaimed. "She really wanted to be groped."

Amber felt humiliated and looked down, but she was helplessly getting wet.

"Turn around for us." the boy instructed. Amber did as she was told. "Good girl. Now raise that little skirt."

Amber raised it, exposing all of her ass to the boys save the very little her red thong panties covered.

"Mmmm" the boy commented. "So I'm Andy, this is Nick and he's DJ. You got it?"

Amber looked back over her shoulder and realizing he expected an answer nodded, "Yes...Sir."

Andy laughed. "Good girl. So I need you to bend down and touch your toes, close you eyes, and you're going to guess who is grabbing your ass."

Amber tried to process this but Andy was impatient. He slapped her ass, "So...bend over!"

Amber obeyed, touching her toes lightly. She felt a strong sense of shame, knowing that she was thrusting her nearly bare ass towards them. Bending over like this she wondered if they could even see her asshole.

"Close your eyes" Andy reminded.

Amber did so, and she felt almost dizzy with embarrassment...and excitement. It felt like some time until she felt the heat of a hand on her ass. It was a large hand and it cupped her as cheek with a squeeze.

"Well?" Andy asked.

"Ummm...is it Nick...Sir?" she guessed. She hadn't really had time to study them, much less their hands.

"Nope. DJ." Andy said smarmily. One swat for you. Amber opened her eyes but before she could say anything felt a strong hand spank her right ass cheek. She yelped.

"OK...try again, close your eyes."

Amber guessed Andy when she felt a hand stroke both cheeks softly, then grab a handful. It was DJ again.

"Two swats." Andy called out and before she could brace herself Amber felt two hard spanks, one on each cheek. To make it all more humiliating she was getting wetter with the excitement of all the hands and the spanking.

She guessed that the smaller hand that brushed along her ass crack was Nick, but he told her it was actually Myra. Amber opened her eyes and looked back to see Myra giggling. They let Myra have two spanks then Nick took two more. By the time the game had been bent over presenting her ass to the group for several minutes. Her ass was beet red and Amber was...extremely horny. She thanked them all and watched as Myra walked off with the boys.

Amber head was spinning. Was she really here doing all this. She squeezed her legs together, barely able to deal with how wet she was. She wanted to be alone for a moment and looked around for a bathroom...she needed to finger herself as she was desperate to get off after all the foreplay. As she looked around one boy stopped her to feel both her tits. Amber thanked him and soon after a tall, gangly guy goosed her without saying a word. She saw what she thought must be a hall to a bathroom but as she started towards it she was stopped dead in her tracks when she saw another boy, her friend Rick, standing in front of her. Amber immediately felt naked...and she was not far from it. Her skirt was tucked into her panties, leaving her well spanked ass exposed, her tits hung out of her little top with one nipple half exposed...she looked like...a very used slut. Amber folded her arms over his breasts covering up the best she could. She didn't know what to say and Rick said nothing, just looking her up and down.

Finally Amber started, "You...you're not part of the frat...how...?" she trailed off.

Rick smiled, he had a nice smile but this one seemed to be a little mean, showing a side of Rick Amber had never seen.

"No, I was never one to join a frat." he said, "but my brother is a senior so I made it in."

He paused, reached out to take Amber's hands and slowly pulled them down to her sides. Amber let him do so, and Rick looked down at her tits with a smirk, "Looks like it's been quite a party."

Amber said nothing but felt truly humiliated to have her friend see her like this. Annoyingly she still felt horny...maybe more so.

"Turn around for me." Rick said firmly. Amber hesitated but turned, showing Rick her bum, her ass cheeks hanging out and her crack covered only by a thin fabric. She stood there for a moment the felt Rick's figers stroke the bottom of one cheek. It sent a tingle up her body beyond what she had felt with all the other boys.

"I...don't think you can...you're not a frat..."

Rick now palmed her ass cheek and squeezed roughly, "No, I'm not." he said, whispering in her ear. "So I don't have to follow the rules. Do you want me to stop/"

Amber said nothing, closing her eyes. She was so wet and his hand was so close to her sex.

"Just tell me if you want me to stop feeling you up right here with people all around." he said with a taunt. Amber said nothing but jumped a little when his hand went between her legs. She knew he must feel how wet she was.

"Mmm.." he teased, "so this is what you're into? You like to have everyone see what a slut you are?" Amber let out a moan as Rick let a finger slip under her thong as he called her a slut.

"I...please...mmm...shouldn't."

Rick was now against her, and he put two fingers inside her, just a little. "Tell me." he said, "shouldn't what?"

"Mmmmm...I...this is so bad..."

Rick pushed his finger in deeper and fingered her lazily. Amber instinctively started to wriggle, "Please...take me to your place."

Rick's fingers stopped. "Call me Sir." he said seriously. "And...what do you want to do at my place?" he asked.

Amber wriggled more, encouraging him not to stop with her body, "i...want...I want you to fuck me...Sir." she said with some desperation..

Rick was now pushing his fingers in and out of her wet pussy, and a few boys were watching from a few feet away.

"Why don't I just fuck you here?" he said in a cocky tone. Amber had never heard him talk anything like this.

"Please Rick...Sir," Amber implored, "please take me home and fuck me." she knew the boys could hear her beg and she didn't care. If Rick started fucking her right now she would have let him but she begged him again to take her to his place,promising to do whatever he wanted.

Rick's place was just two blocks from the party. He took Amber there, nearly naked, by her hand. She saw the stares of the people they passed and it excited her to have them know she was being such a slut.

When they walked in the door Rick pulled her against him and kissed her hard,then immediately took charge, ordering Amber to kneel down before him. Amber was a little surprised, but very eager to please and she obeyed quickly. Rick nodded downwards at her and she understood his meaning. She unbuttoned his pants, took out his card cock and she started to lick it up and down eagerly. Rick moaned and pushed his cock forward. Amber took his lead and tried to take his whole cock in her mouth. Lacking experience, Amber gagged a little as she gamely accepted Rick pushing his cock into her throat. She had never felt so horny, so desperate to please. She felt Rick throb and was ready for him to cum when he pulled out and, still not speaking, positioned her bent over a chair and pulled her panties down.

It was only then that Amber saw the boy seated in the living room a few feet away, his phone in hand, looking right back at her. She recognized him as Rick's roommate, he had introduced her once. Looking at him while she felt Rick's cock push into her wet pussy, she felt more embarrassed then she had at any time that evening...but it also turned her on even more. She bucked back into Rick as he slammed in and out of her. At first she tried to muffle herself but soon she was loudly moaning, and even that act turned her on more.

Rick's roommate watched the whole time as Rick used her until he finally took his cock out and began stroking it. As Amber came she became louder still, and she was sure the entire apartment could hear her. Rick did not let up and the sensation was almost more than Amber could take. Finally talking he told Amber to tell both of them what a slut she was.

"Yes...Yes Sir...I...I am...I know...a...slut. So...so many boys touched...I let them."

Rick taunted, "and now you're getting what you really need aren't you?"

Amber groaned assent and Rick's body slapped against her mercilessly. She felt another orgasm building.

Rick came suddenly and she felt his pushes slow as he throbbed inside of her. As he pulled out Amber stayed bent over, her bare ass proffered in the air, and she stared at his roommate's cock. Perhaps sensing an invitation, or at least opportunity, the roommate got up, and stepped forward so his cock was now in her face. It was a little bigger than Rick's she noted and without much thought she licked the tip. Soon she was sucking it as Rick spanked her hard. They were both telling her what a good slut she was, how they could give her what she needed, how she was meant to be used. As Rick started fingering her, Amber was moaning loudly again, but now the moans were muffled by the big cock in her mouth. Amber closed her eyes as she started to cum again.

At that moment Amber knew this was indeed going to be the year she loosened up and enjoyed herself. 

 