------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
persons or groups or organizations.


NOTES FROM THE AUTHOR:
This story is based on a series of letters from a sissified 
male to the man who introduced him into sissy-hood. I'm not 
sure when I'll end the series.


Story Content: (TV/TG, MM, MF)

Letters To Rufus - #3
By: Es2c


	Rufus, it was really exciting doing all those 
hard up men at the peep shows last Saturday.  I never 
thought I would delight in basically being a public 
sperm dump.  The variety of cocks and cum was so 
fantastic.
	I liked the cute little sissy outfit you and 
mother decided on.  I'm glad you persuaded me to tell 
my mom that I was going to start whoring as a 
cocksucker for you.  Even she surprised me at how 
understanding she was.  You were right about her being 
happy for me.  She hugged me with tears in her eyes 
and told me how proud she was of me.
	"Dear, it's so good to know that you've found a 
man that cares enough for you that he wants you to 
suck other men's cocks for him"
	Even though I sucked off 38 tricks in the 16 
hours you took me around, it really didn't seem that 
long. I must say they gave me enough cum that I hardly 
got hungry at all.  Mother told me that hot cum was a 
good long lasting food.  She was right.  I remember a 
few of the men's' big loads that were indeed nice 
filling snacks.
	Thank you so much Rufus darling for allowing me 
to whore for you.  It means a lot to me to be able to 
demonstrate to you how much I value our relationship 
and all you've done for me.
	I know you have real women that you take out and 
date and sex.  I fully understand that and don't even 
mind it that the money I make for you will be spent on 
them.  I'm just thankful to be your part time sissy 
slut and whore, and darling you know I'll always be 
there for you and your hard dick on a full time basis.  
Yes, I don't mind being your full time fool.  You are 
special to me.  I accept that you are too much man for 
me to have by myself, so I'll be available for 
whatever amount of time you need me for darling.  
Whether it's to have me suck you off, to fuck me, or 
have me whore for you, all you need to do is call.
	And Rufus, in regard to me hooking for you, no, I 
still don't want to know about the money and what you 
charge men for me to suck their horny dicks. I see my 
job as doing as you desire of me, and to do it well, 
no matter how much you make off my sucking mouth or 
what you charge each customer.  My job is to perform 
for you, and to do it well. 
	And Rufus darling, I was indeed tired when you 
brought me home after my first day of whoring, but it 
was a happy wonderful tiredness. I was happy because; 
1. I'd helped all those men with softening their hard 
dicks; 2. I helped put some extra change in your 
pocket; and 3. Of the wonderful fucking you gave me 
before dropping me off at home.  That really was the 
crowning part of the day.  THANK YOU!! THANK YOU!!  
You've made my life so much more exciting than it was 
before.
	I was hoping you'd call Sunday, but I understand 
that you probably had some other commitments.  After 
all, you told me I made you over $1200 and that you 
might want to go up to Atlantic City and try your 
luck.  I hope you'll have fun and win some more money.  
I really feel so good about being able to help you 
have the freedom to enjoy yourself like you've always 
wanted.
	I'm going to stop here, because I'm getting tired 
and need to get ready for bed. Tomorrow is a workday.  
I want to add some more tomorrow (Monday) and will try 
to finish this letter then, and get it in the mail 
Tuesday.
The Next Day--------
DARN IT!	I'm so sorry I was not home when you 
came by earlier this evening.  The bus was late 
because of an accident on the freeway.  However, you 
were so sweet darling to leave your cum in mother's 
cunt for me.  She told me it was her idea because she 
knew how much I loved your stuff.
	She says it was good too.  She loved sucking your 
dick and getting that first thick rich hot load all to 
herself, and I appreciate you going the extra mile and 
fucking her so I could eat out your second load when I 
came in from work.  She really enjoyed the fuck too.  
She says it was the best she's had, bar none.
It was such a nice snack and a nice thing for 
both of y'all to do for me.  What you did has made 
Mother think even more highly of you darling.
	By the way, she told me y'all talked about the 
possibility of her selling her self for you too.  That 
would be so neat to have you pimping us both out.  
Mother admitted to me, that the thought of her being 
perceived as a white trash whore being pimped out by a 
black pimp really turned her on.  She's already told 
me that she wants me to suck her pussy out after she 
turns tricks that fuck her.  I know I couldn't refuse 
lapping up her sperm laden well-fucked pussy.
	Well, I'm going to close now Rufus dear, let 
me know what you want me to do this weekend.  I was 
sorry to hear that your new system didn't work out in 
Atlantic City and that you lost all your money.  But 
don't worry darling, as long as you can find men that 
will pay you, for me to suck them off, I'll do my best 
to get their cum out of their dicks. 
  	You should get this letter tomorrow, Wednesday.
	Before I close, I have to address this.  You've 
asked me why I write you so many letters.  Well the 
truth of the matter is that I know you don't have a 
whole lot of time for me on the phone, and letters are 
so much more expressive than just talking.  Plus, I 
can really make a lasting record of how I feel at the 
time.  Anyway, you said you might show them to your 
buddies.  If that's what you want darling, go right 
ahead.  It'll only make me love you more because it'll 
show them and the world that you're my man and I think 
so much of you.

Love always,
Your indebted sissy woman, slut, and proud whore

Regina

PS, Mother sends her love too.


END OF LETTER #3
Lookout for Letter #4


Comments: es2c@hotmail.com
