12. – Friends 

I watched Johannsen gather his notes and scurry off to make his report as Mendez cleared away the remnants of our meeting. The Omega telepath was trouble, no questions there but two: how much, and for whom?

Mendez secured the equipment in the cabinet marked for erasure. A Gamma detail would come by and make certain that no trace of the meeting remained in any of the circuitry. Briefly I contemplated the difference between being thorough and being paranoid before realizing that for Esset, there was no difference.

::Konn, if you don’t calm down, someone besides me will notice.::

I glowered at my “friend”. ::I didn’t invite you.::

::You think I requested this?:: Mendez finished locking up and headed for the door. ::I’m having coffee at ten, find me if you like.::

As crisply as strangers, we went our separate ways.

I retreated to the sanctuary of my apartment. The new facility head would be here this afternoon, apparently with his own pre-selected entourage. My own inner circle stood on shaky ground, and I had only a few hours in which to steady it. Bloody hell.

There was one peacemaker who had always known the right answers, no matter how difficult the questions. He had ensured that Garrick, Mendez, and I had stuck by one another this long, forging an alliance of friends that even Esset could not break – until today. Had my trust in Mendez faded so badly that I no longer knew if he was my friend, based solely on one staged event? I slumped over my desk with a weary sigh. “Shel, what would you have had me do?”

Emotionally drained, I rested my head on my arms and tried to think. I hadn’t heard from Shelton Grant in years. In fact, in the aftermath of the slaughter I didn’t even know if he still lived. There had been very little communication between the facilities in the best of times, and now damn near none. If he was still doing the same sort of work as before, he wouldn’t have a set address anyway. Esset valued his language skills to the point he had become their roving specialist, delivering intensive training seminars throughout the organization. The man hadn’t stayed in one place since…

I frowned. Had that been another instance of Sonndheim’s puppetry, ensuring that my one best ally was nowhere to be found when I was most in need of his wisdom? Inwardly I’d blamed Shelley for not being there, and that coupled with his extensive travel had driven a wedge between us. Still, I would trust him with my life, for I’d already trusted him with my secrets.

[“You should have picked more reliable friends…”] 

Damn him.

A tiny voice whispered in my mind: Damn which? Shelley was too clever to be so easily played, even by Sonndheim. He wasn’t there when you needed him…

[“I suspect that Grant at least may have had the balls to shoot me before things ever went that far.”] 

Damn Sonndheim.

Because of him, I had seen things that no man should ever be made witness to. Because of him, I carried those nightmares in my soul.

Because of him, my one chance at redemption lay in ashes.

And now the site of that abomination would come under the scrutiny of strangers. For the first time since my own arrival so many years ago the facility would have a new layer of command. No mere pretender grasping power in the wake of disaster, this man and his attendants had been appointed by the hand of Hapsburg itself.

Would they seek out Sonndheim’s secrets, declare his rooms their own? Would they interfere with my search for answers there?

Bloody hell.

“Ah, damn it, Shel.” For a moment I debated trying to find him. Then I came to my senses. Whatever distance lay between us now could not be safely bridged. If he was still alive, his best chance to remain so depended on my absence. There were too many strands, too many games being played; I could not ensure his safety if he came back into my world.

I closed my eyes, allowed memory to give me what comfort it might. Shelley’s laughter, his quick wit and quicker venom, had always managed to bring me out of whatever darkness held me in its power, if only for a few precious moments. He had never been fooled, by any of it. Not by me, or Berlin, or Erich Sonndheim.

I truly doubted Shelton Grant to be among the living. That would be asking too much of my fate.

As ten o’clock approached, I imagined Shelley’s advice on the day: “If you don’t meet with Mendez this morning, you will not be able to count on him this afternoon, and this afternoon is going to be crucial. Go to him, Konnie. He isn’t the enemy. He never has been.”

“And neither have you,” I whispered, then felt quite foolish. Part of my mind had forgotten that I’d only imagined the familiar voice. I’d half expected to see Shelley sitting across from me, that wise half-scowl telling me we both knew he was right. Shel was almost always right.

God, how I missed him.

As I entered the cafeteria, our usual place for mid-morning coffee, I saw Mendez standing near the wall. Garrick was with him. I swallowed, suddenly convinced that the coffee would taste like paint on my tongue, tainted by my conscience.

::Glad you could make it, Konn.:: Mendez sounded genuinely relieved. ::I took the liberty of filling Garrick in. I figured you’d want all bases covered before this afternoon.::

::Thank you.:: I sipped my coffee and found it not so brackish as I’d expected. Forgiveness had its own rewards, and it was clear that in this case it was mutual.

“Not a pleasant meeting, but at least it brought no bad news,” Mendez observed aloud. ::You stayed there late last night, didn’t you, Konn? Did you find anything?::

“Not bad, no, but I’m not thrilled at the prospect of training a new commander. I hope he’s housebroken, at least.” ::Hints and puzzles,:: I replied. ::A huge string of keys.::

::What was that note you were reading?:: Garrick asked. “They’re making you deal with his in-house training? That’s raw.”

“Not in so many words, but we all know how it goes around here,” I stated, trying not to sound too bitter. Sonndheim had taken it upon himself to oversee my transition, and that had been the start of too many problems. ::Garbage. It was garbage.::

Mendez raised an eyebrow, but did not comment on our silent conversation. Instead, he suggested, “There is always the chance that the new commander will be spot-on, you realize. Hapsburg doesn’t do things half-way.”

Garrick looked momentarily startled, but recovered quickly. ::You didn’t say anything about Hapsburg. I thought they were coming from Prague.::

::They are,:: I explained, coming to Mendez’s defence without a second consideration. “And neither does Prague. When the two are in league, that means much.”

“Much politics,” Garrick muttered. ::Watch your back with this, Konn. I don’t like it.::

I accepted his comment without elaboration. It was one thing for him to confide his doubts, but another thing entirely for me to do the same. I tried not to smirk as I said, “Politics make for strange bedfellows, as they say.”

Mendez snickered and shook his head. ::Try not to piss these off, all right? They’re not Sonndheim, Konnor. Try to get along?::

For his efforts, Mendez received a mildly disapproving look over the rim of my coffee cup. ::You and I both know whose bed I belong in now. He made that quite plain.:: I took a sip of the bitter, cold liquid and added, ::Let’s just hope that our new acquaintances aren’t the jealous type.::

A/N: – Friends 

For Konnor, it seems that Shelton Grant’s wisdom is the balance to Erich Sonndheim’s evil. One has to wonder which of the two is stronger, and whether time or distance really matter in this case. Of course, that does presume that we are asking these questions of a rational man, and unfortunately, Konnor has not shown himself to be completely rational these days.