I woke up the next morning knowing that my wife, the previous night, had turned me into a cuckold. I found her in the kitchen drinking her coffee with a look of utter contentment on her face. I asked her how she was feeling and she said, "Fantastic, I feel a sense of relief that I don't have to lie to you anymore. So, how do you feel today about being married to a hotwife? You certainly seemed to enjoy it last night." I told her that I liked the feeling of her being in control, or, rather, me being out of control and submitting to her.
My wife then asked, "Were you serious about wanting to watch me fuck another man?" I told her that thinking about her fucking other men got me excited and that I would love to see her getting pleasured by someone else, especially if it was a guy with a really big cock. She told me that she was meeting Steve on Tuesday after work and she would ask him then.
We spent the rest of the day and evening together, enjoying each other's company and growing comfortable in the dynamics of our new relationship.
The next two days were not very productive days for me at my job. I could not stop thinking about my wife and her date with Steve on Tuesday. I thought about her fucking and sucking his big cock, I thought about how much I would love to see her doing it, and I thought about how much I hoped that Steve would agree to let me watch the next time that they were together. Like most work nights, I got home from about two hours before my wife did, but this time I knew that she wasn't working late. When she finally came through the door, she had a big smile on her face.
"Steve has agreed to let you watch me fuck him on the condition that you are restrained so that you can't interfere if you change your mind and get mad at him. He doesn't want a confrontation." I asked what she meant by restrained and she replied, "Tied to a chair next to the bed. That way you can watch us fuck, but you can't interfere. I told her that I could agree to those conditions, and she said "Good! I set it up for Steve to come to our house next week."
I asked her if she was going to tell me about her date tonight and she said, "No, I want to keep you guessing until you see for yourself next week." I asked her if she wanted me to do anything for her, like lick her pussy, and she said, "No, I'm pretty well fucked out. I just want to eat dinner and relax before going to bed. Besides, I like to save that for the weekend when I've had a few drinks and come home feeling really naughty."
True to her word, when Friday night rolled around, my wife came home a little drunk and woke me up. I asked her if she had a good time and she said, "Yeah, I danced all night with a bunch of guys I met at the club and then I asked the cutest one if he wanted to go out to my car and make out. Of, course he said yes, and we ended up fucking in the back seat. After we finished, we went back inside and I used the restroom to freshen up. Then I left without saying goodbye to him. He wasn't a great fuck; he came too quick." I could scarcely believe what I was hearing, but at the same time, I was becoming aroused. "I'm really horny Baby. I want you to eat me." So, as I usually did after her Friday nights out, I went down on her, devouring her wet pussy that had been fucked by another man earlier in the evening. She tasted delicious and I didn't stop until she had cum on my tongue. Then she said, "Let's fuck." I went to climb on top of her, but she said, "No, I want to get on top of you." She climbed on top of me and rode my hard cock until we both came. Then she got off me, gave me a quick kiss and said, "Goodnight Baby. That was fun."
My wife let me know on the following Monday that Steve would be coming to our house the next evening at 6:15 and that I needed to be home no later than 5:45 in order to get ready before he got there.
When I got home Tuesday at 5:30, my wife was already there. She led me to the bedroom where she had placed an armchair from the dining room off to one side of our bed, about 6 feet away. She said, "Take off all your clothes and sit in that chair." I wanted to know why she wanted me naked and she told me, "That way I can see how aroused you get while watching us fuck." I removed my clothes and sat in the armchair, while my wife got out six silk scarfs. She used the first two scarfs to tie my wrists to the arms of the chair, she used the next two to tie my arms at my elbows to the chair, and then she used the last two to tie my legs at my ankles to the legs of the chair. Then she got out a rope and wrapped it around my chest below my armpits and tied it behind the back of the chair. When she was finished, she looked pleased and said, "That should do it. Now, when Steve gets here, we'll probably get ready in the living room and then when we are ready to fuck, I'll bring him in here. You can watch, but I don't want you to say anything. I don't want to know you are here. Understand?" I told her that I would do as she wanted, and she left the room.
I was sitting alone, naked, and tied to a chair in our bedroom, waiting for Steve to arrive and for him and my wife to come into our bedroom to fuck. It seemed like an eternity, but it was probably only about 15 minutes later that I heard the doorbell ring and probably another 15 minutes after that that our bedroom door opened.
When my wife brought Steve into the bedroom, they were both naked. I was shocked at how good looking he was. I thought that he must have been at least 6-foot, 3-inches tall, with blond hair and an athletic body, not like a bodybuilder, more like a swimmer's body... and he had a truly impressive dick that she had already gotten fully erect while they were in the living room. It had to be close to 9 inches in length, and it was a lot thicker than mine. I could see why she liked to fuck him.
My wife climbed on the bed and got on her hands and knees and Steve got on the bed behind her to fuck her doggy style. Steve rubbed his cock head up and down along the slit of my wife's dripping pussy to get it wet, and then plunged his big cock into her. I heard an audible gasp come from my wife as he fully penetrated her. Steve began to slowly stroke his big cock in and out of my wife's pussy, and on each long stroke in she would let out a low moan. After a few minutes, Steve began to pick up the pace, and my wife's moans became louder. Her face was flushed, and I could tell she was getting close to cumming. She yelled out, "Fuck me harder!" and then dropped her head down to a pillow on the bed. Steve was slamming his big cock into her and she grabbed the pillow in both her hands and screamed into it as she came harder than I have ever seen her cum. Steve continued to pound her until she had taken all she could take, and she lurched forward to slip his cock out of her pussy.
After she regained her composure, my wife took Steve by the hand and led him over to where he could stand between the edge of the bed and the chair to which I was tied. She turned him sideways so I could see his massive cock in profile. I could see the creamy juices of their lovemaking covering it. My wife got down on her knees in front of him and began to lick the cream off of his cock, savoring the taste of it. Once she had cleaned the juices from it, she took the head in her mouth and began to suck. Her lips were stretched tight by his cock and I could see a little string of saliva dripping from the corner of her mouth. She wrapped her thumb and forefinger around the base of his cock to stroke him while sucking, but they could only reach about two- thirds of the way around his thick cock. The pace of her stroking and sucking quickened and soon Steve let out a loud groan as he started to fill my wife's mouth with his cum. I was close enough to see his cock jerking as he ejaculated four or five big spurts and my wife's throat contracting as she gulped down each of them. When my wife had finished sucking him dry, got up, took Steve by the hand and led him back out of our bedroom. About 10 minutes passed before my wife came back in the bedroom alone. My cock remained rigid the entire time she was gone.
My wife crossed the bedroom to where I was sitting, leaned over in front of me and started stroking my hard cock with her fingertips. Looking me in the eyes, she asked, "Did you like the show Baby? Did you like watching him fuck me? Did you like watching me suck his big, fat dick? Did you like watching him cum in my mouth?" All I could do was nod slightly and softly whisper a yes after each of her questions. Still lightly stroking my cock, she simply said "Good," and then bent over further to kiss me. Grinding her lips against mine, her tongue probed my mouth and met mine. As our tongues danced together, I could taste a hint of Steve's cum in her mouth. When she finally pulled her mouth away from mine, she said, "I can still taste his cum in my mouth. Could you taste it?"
I nodded, and said, "A little."
"Did you like it?" she asked. I didn't know how to reply to her question, but my hard cock was twitching in her fingers.
Still looking me in the eyes, my wife asked, "Would you like me to suck your cock?" She was teasing, she already knew the answer. She knows that I love it when she goes down on me and that her mouth is my favorite place to cum. She got on her knees, spread my thighs, and engulfed my penis with her mouth, stroking the sensitive underside of it with her tongue. Her thumb and index finger encircled the base and she began stroking my cock in rhythm with mouth. I was in heaven, and given my excited state, I soon began erupting into her mouth. She tightened her grip on my cock and began milking spurt after spurt out of me as I screamed with pleasure. After she had finished milking me dry, she got back up and again pressed her lips against mine. Her tongue parted my lips and as she kissed me, and she passed the entire load of cum that she had just sucked from my cock, mixed with her saliva, into my mouth. It was quite a mouthful, and I couldn't help but swallow it as she kept her lips locked on mine. When I had finished swallowing, she stood up and looking down at me, asked, "Did you like that, Baby?"
Flushing, I answered, "Yes."
As she was untying me, my wife looked me in the eye and said, "You can cum in my mouth anytime you want, you just have to ask... but, from now on, I'll be sharing it with you."