Retail Fun with Kelly
by Drystan ©

This is my first story, so your feedback is both welcome and encouraged.

------------------------------------------

Let me tell you what happened earlier today. I was leaving the office to 
pay my girlfriend Kelly a brief visit during lunch. She is a manager of a 
clothing store at the local mall. This is one of the typical chain stores 
filled front to back with wood and chrome clothing racks about four and 
half feet tall with a check out counter about half way into the store 
along one of the walls. Kelly has been in the retail business for about 
eight years and manager of this location for about a year and a half. We 
have been dating for about four months. 

To me, I think of Kelly as a real catch. She is a twenty eight year old, 
striking red head with large brown eyes and pale white skin; quite the 
Celtic beauty. However, she is only five foot one. Not that this is an 
issue, but me being six foot three always made us seem an odd match. 
Regardless, she may be on the short side, but lacks in no other way. She 
is petite with small but perky breasts just large enough to create an hour 
glass figure with her perfectly curved ass. She is a real vision to 
behold.

One of the great things about my relationship with Kelly is that she and I 
are great lovers. She is erotic, sensual and perpetually turned on. She 
loves sex like no other women I have ever known. I can usually count on 
her to be up for it pretty much any time and any place. Depending on our 
schedules, we try to meet once or twice a week for the lunch time quickie. 
To make this easier on our lunch time rendezvous days, Kelly wears loose 
fitting knee length skirts with no knickers underneath. This day is no 
exception.

Our plan was for me to arrive at the store at 12:45 PM. She was to have me 
help her "move some fixtures" in their storage unit located in the back 
utility hallways of the mall. We would get down there, have about 30 
minutes of "moving stuff" and then we would return to store. She would go 
back to her daily duties and I would return to the office. So much for the 
best laid plans of men and mice.

The plan began right on target with me entering the store at just about 
12:45 PM. Kelly was racing back and forth helping her employees with 
various customer problems. There was an older women at the counter have 
difficulties with her store charge card. Another woman was wanting to 
special order several pairs of shoes of which they were out of stock. A 
third was having trouble finding a suit that fit her just right. A fourth 
wanted a rain check for a sale item they were sold out of. A fifth needed 
help finding a specific size blouse in a specific color. A sixth had 
several items to return, but had lost the receipt. On top of that, there 
were four or five other women casually wandering and browsing in the 
store. With all of this going on, Kelly was short staffed that day and had 
only two employees working. All of them were racing around trying to keep 
everyone satisfied. Everyone except me.

When I entered the store, she waved to me and signaled that she would be 
just a minute. I decided to wander about and kill time. Ten minutes later, 
she held up her hand with all fingers outstretched indicating five more 
minutes. I wandered some more. Ten more minutes passed and she again 
signaled just a minute. I continued to wander. After another five minutes, 
she finally came over to talk. She led me to the back of the store a short 
ways from her staff and customers. I was suddenly very excited as I knew 
what was going to happen next. However, my hopes were quickly dashed.

"Baby, I am so sorry to keep you waiting. I promise I will make it up to 
you," she said in a very alluring voice. 

"Great!" I said excitedly. "Let's go and you can start making up to me 
right away." 

She was about to speak but paused. There was a look of hesitation and 
regret on her face. When she spoke this time, it was not so alluring. 
"Baby, that's what I meant. I can't go today. We are getting slammed and I 
can only afford five or ten minutes here to visit with you. Then, I 
absolutely have to get back to work." 

DAMN! She was kind of looking down as she spoke, but then tilted her up 
slightly and off to the side. She looked up at me and then she said it. 
"You're not upset, are you?" Right on queue, she bit down on her lower 
lip.

Now, you can imagine what was going through my head. I came here to get 
laid. A quick and exciting diversion of my day. I had been horny all 
morning thinking about this. Instead, I spent my lunch hour walking around 
aimlessly in a women's clothing store watching a bunch of women do woman 
stuff. And finally, when that is over, I get to go back to work with a 
case of blue balls. So what did I say? "No, of course I am not upset." And 
then, "No really, I understand. It is totally okay." So I lied. What man 
wouldn't?

Kelly smiled. It was that disarming smile she was known for. "Instead, we 
could just stand here and talk for a few minutes." Talk?? Talk!! I had had 
it. 

I casually looked around. There were now only three or four customers 
towards the front of the store and her employees were there with them. We 
were standing behind a clothing rack towards the back of the store. She 
had her right arm out stretched at a right angle resting on the wooden 
platform top of the clothing rack. Being six foot two, I was leaning down 
slightly resting on my left elbow facing her. I slid forward slightly and 
bent down to whisper in her ear. "I will give you a few minutes," I said, 
"but I am not interested in talking."

With that, I reached down with my right hand and slid it up under her 
skirt along the inside of her thigh. She gasped and started to pull away. 
I quickly grabbed her right shoulder with my left hand and held her gently 
but firmly. "What are you doing?" she asked quickly in a forced whisper as 
she looked around to see if we were noticed. 

"Stop moving and no one will know" I said. She was still panicked. I 
brought two fingers to her pussy lips and slide them up and down and 
wiggling them side to side. She gasped. 

Her eyes darted back and forth in a state of alarm. "We can't!" she 
whispered harshly. 

"Do you really want your employees to know what's going on?" I asked. 
"Stop acting all freaked out." I was moving my fingers in a figure eight 
motion now. 

"Come on, this is just stupid... and risky. Some might... see us," she 
said as her voice quivered and her eyelids shuttered. Her resistance 
seemed to be faltering. I moved my fingers faster. 

"Are you sure you want me to stop?" I asked. 

"I... I..." she stammered. Her lower jaw quivered as she bit her lower 
lip. Her pussy was becoming quite wet now. I started to slide my thumb up 
and down her pussy lips as I slowly slide my middle and index finger into 
her. First, I slide them in about an inch and slowly withdrew them. Then 
slowly again to about the second knuckle and back out. Then all the way 
and back out. Then back in and started gently curling my fingers in a 
"come here" motion.

At this point she was totally into it. Her hips were bucking and grinding, 
her breathing quick and shallow. Her eyes were closed and the lids 
fluttering. This went on for several minutes and then we heard her name. 
"Kelly!" It was one of her employees. Her eyes snapped open in a look of 
panic. She quickly looked to the front of the store. Her employee, Stacy, 
was at the side checkout counter with the phone receiver in her hand. 
Kelly tried to pull away, but I held her fast. "It's Brenda from 236. She 
needs to talk to you about the upcoming inventory," Stacy said. 

"Tell her I will [gasp] call her back shortly," Kelly responded as I 
continued to finger her deeply. I moved my thumb to her clit and began 
rubbing it in a circular motion. She gasped again. Just about that moment, 
she noticed a female customer walking past us on the other side of the 
rack. She was an older woman with a pleasant face who turned toward her 
and smiled kindly. Kelly, in a semi-controlled breath, uttered a simple 
"Hello," in response.

I continued my efforts for several more minutes and was working on her 
g-spot with my two fingers. That's when I slide my third finger in. She 
was now shivering all over. Her left hand was at her side digging into her 
thigh. Her right hand had moved to my left biceps and clamped on tight. 
Her eyes were partly closed and somewhat rolled upwards. Her breathing was 
a series of short breaths. She was very close to the edge. That's when 
another customer approached on the other side of the rack. She seemed 
oblivious to what we were doing. 

"Excuse me," she said, "I have a question." She was an attractive woman of 
about thirty with long brown hair. Kelly and I were both surprised by her 
as we sort of snapped our heads in her direction. She smiled, looked at me 
and then at Kelly. She and Kelly were momentarily locked in a shared gaze 
for what seemed like an eternity. Some sort of realization must have hit 
her as she got this curious look on her face. Then, a moment later, the 
right side of her mouth slowly crooked upward in a devilish smile. She 
seemed quite satisfied in her knowledge of our secret as she gave Kelly a 
knowing sort of look. "I think one of the other girls can help me," she 
said. "You go ahead and finish what you're doing." She flashed us both 
that same devilish grin and turned and walked away.

I smiled at this and almost laughed to myself. I think Kelly would have 
done the same, but she was otherwise occupied. She raised her left hand 
and clamped it down on my right biceps, now using both hands to hold 
herself up as she seemed to float on the balls of her feet. As she looked 
straight into my eyes, her head seemed to jerked back slightly as her 
orgasm hit her. I felt her pelvic muscles contracting on my fingers as 
waves of ecstasy rolled over her face. Tremor after tremor racked her 
body. It felt as if her entire body was pulsing with electric energy. 

Moments later, as her climax began to subside, her breathing became 
heavier and deeper, and she leaned forward against me. I held my hand 
still, almost cradling her pussy for a moment before slowly sliding my 
fingers out of her and extracting my hand from her under her skirt. She 
stood very close for a moment or so longer, holding onto my arms. Then, as 
she seemed to remember where she was, she opened her eyes wide, took a 
step back and breathed a deep breath. She took a quick look around as if 
to capture the state of everything going on in her store. She reached down 
and quickly smoothed out her skirt and then reached her right hand up and 
under her hair to flip it back. She seemed suddenly very composed, 
refreshed and charged up as she took a step forward towards me.

Kelly reached for my right hand, the hand that had been inside her only 
moments ago. My fingers were still glistening wet. She took the edge of 
skirt and quickly wiped them off on its underside. She brought my hand up 
close enough for both of us to smell it as she leaned forward close to me. 
My fingers reeked of her musky sweet aroma. With her right hand, she 
reached forward and grabbed my rock hard erection through my slacks and 
began sliding her hand up and down. "Don't wash your hand for the rest of 
the day," she whispered. "Pick me up here at six PM and don't be late. You 
can take me out to dinner and I will take care of this while you drive." 
She gave my cock a good long squeeze as she gave me a quick but very 
passionate kiss on the lips. "See you at six, lover," she said. She paused 
as she gave me a quick wink and flashed her killer smile. With that, she 
turned, walked away and back to work.

I pulled my sports coat forward and partly closed so that my erection 
wouldn't be standing out for the whole world to see. I quietly made my way 
out of the store and back here to the office. As instructed, I have not 
washed her scent off of my hand. Every time I smell it, I find myself 
caught up again in the moment. All I can think about is seeing her again.

DAMN! Six o'clock seems an eternity away. 

 
