8:00 - 10:00 PM

You are rushed at by Josh the second you step across the threshold. He snatches the VideoMania bag from you, pausing to smack his lips against your cheek in a hello kiss, then shoving his hand into the bag and pulling out the movies.

You close the door behind you and set the knife and stake on the table just next to the door. Bending down, you untie your boots, kicking them off and then stashing them in the closet. You hang up the coat as well, and it's when you're sliding it onto a hanger that Josh notices it.

"Oooh," he says, lifting a hand and touching the sleeve. "Soft as butter. Was it a scavenge?"

"Yeah," you say. "Some trashy vamp over at my last stop."

"And you just decided to get rid of your coat since you got that one?" Tara asks, her eyes twinkling. She's standing by the couch, passing a bowl of popcorn to Olson.

You shake your head, grinning a little. "Nah, had to use mine to torch a nest of vamps in Tranquility Falls."

Spike raises a brow. "Pascal mausoleum?" he asks knowingly, and you nod.

You step further into the room, your intention to go to the kitchen and gather the chocolate Josh promised he would get. But Spike narrows his eyes and reaches out to grab your arm as you pass him.

"Blood," he says. It just so happens there is a lull in conversation at that moment, and the word cuts through the silence. Everyone's looking at you, and then Spike sniffs again and says, "Your blood."

Tara hurries over to you, eyes worried. "How bad?"

"Relax, babe," you say negligently. "Totally self-inflicted. Left a little message at the Pascals'. No worries." She frowns at you and you resist the urge to punch Spike in the face. "Seriously, it's just two little scratches, see?"

You lift your pants leg and show her the shallow cuts, and she actually bends down to look closely at them before she nods in satisfaction.

"Anyone else want to inspect me?" you ask sarcastically. When no one takes you up on the offer, you let your pants fall back into place, and head into the kitchen.

"No way!" you hear Josh scream from the kitchen. "Faith, I bow down before you in absolute fucking supplication."

He comes to the cut out, holding out the comedy and smiling widely. In a night of more failure than success, it's nice to hear that you've done something right.

"Calm yourself down, princess," you snicker. "Bowing's not necessary, but you can tell me where you put my chocolate."

He yells something about a drawer and you figure he stashed it in the candy/cookie drawer. Why he put it away is beyond you. It's going to be eaten tonight. You and Josh do a little dance as you both try to get through the doorway at the same time, then step aside to let the other pass. Finally, you grab his neck, yank him out of the kitchen, then go in.

Olson comes in while you're rummaging through the freezer for some ice cream you know is there. You distinctly remember hiding the small container behind the frozen carrots so that Josh wouldn't hoover it down. But, alas, it's not there and you're not sure if Josh found it, or if Tara had a craving.

"Hey," you greet him, not paying too much attention because you're peering into the small plastic garbage can, trying to see if there's an empty container of ice cream.

"How were patrols?" Olson asks. He slides past you and takes a beer out of the fridge. "Any trouble?"

There is no sign of the ice cream container. "Routine," you tell him. " I did my Ancient Forces Live Inside Me shtick."

He leans against a counter and looks at you. "Ah."

You've gotten used to Olson's not chatty nature. Time was, it would make you feel like you had to fill the awkward silence, but now you're as comfortable with it as you are with Olson himself.

You wouldn't call him a friend, not in the traditional sense of the word. Both of you hold a little back, each for different reasons. Sure, you trust Olson and he's never let you down. But your experiences with Watchers haven't been anything to write home about and you think you'll always be waiting for the other shoe to drop. And Olson devoured Giles' journals when he arrived. Not just the official ones, either. Giles left his personal, private journals behind for a time so that Olson could fully understand what he was getting himself into with being in charge of a Slayer--you in particular--on the Hellmouth.

Having glanced through those journals a few times, and having been present for some of it, you know that Olson is trying to keep a distance to maybe prevent some of what Giles went through.

But you're not just Watcher and Slayer, either. You think you'll be shocked if the other shoe ever does drop, because it seems less likely to happen with each day that passes, and Olson spends too much non-business time with you for it not to have gotten a little bit personal for him.

The most important thing, to you at any rate, is that you trust him. Really trust him. Far more than you thought you would. Which was why you told him about your episodes of channeling the Slayer in you. He wasn't surprised about it, telling you that Buffy had something similar happen to her. He calls it a Slayer Rite of Passage, thinks it kicks in when a Slayer is at a point when she can fully comprehend the magnitude of what she is.

He agreed with you about it becoming addictive, about it taking your sights away from the big picture. He asked you to let him know whenever you do, so you have.

"I've come to notice a pattern," Olson is saying. You look at him curiously. "You seem to do this when you're...stressed."

You wonder what his first word of choice was.

"You think so?" you ask, noncommittally, opening the drawer that Josh said he stashed the chocolate in. Oooh, the pretty boy got you Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Score.

"In fact, I'd be interested to see if the opportunity even arises at other times," Olson continues. "Giles and the others had an encounter with the spirit of the first Slayer, who was, shall we say, not pleased that Buffy had friends."

You open the candy and peel off the tissue-like brown paper at the bottom of the peanut butter cup.

"So, what?" you ask, gesturing with the cup. "You think the first Slayer part of me is hoping that I'll give in and not come back? Trying to get me at a weak point?"

The peanut butter cup is crammed into your mouth, whole. You work it around, letting some of the chocolate start to melt before you begin to chew.

"A possibility," he says, shrugging. "But I was thinking more along the lines of it being a subconscious mechanism that serves as a way for you to ground yourself. Until recently, Slayers have always been alone. Retreating to familiar territory can be reassuring, comforting."

You swallow your chocolate and peanut butter, thinking about what he said. If it is something that's in your hands, however much you don't realize it, then it is another weapon you have. You need to know how to use this.

"Let's find out if that's the case, then," you tell him, prepping the second piece of candy.

Olson nods approvingly. "I'll come up with some ideas on how to do that. In the meantime," he adds ruefully. "There is movie night to contend with."

You snicker. Olson might not be that much older than you are, but he's got way different tastes. You suppose that comes from him being raised by moneyed folk. He's pretty refined. All of his clothes are designer label, and properly understated. He drives a huge Mercedes SUV, which he claims he only does because a SUV is necessary in our line of work and the Mercedes is the safest. Whatever floats his boat. You know he went with the Mercedes because of the name.

His apartment is posh and, again, properly understated. Until you met Olson, you didn't know that spending gobs of money on things that look like they don't cost gobs of money, but have fancy designer names attached, is the sign of Old Money. Of people whose families have been rich for just about ever.

"Give me a minute. I need food," you tell Olson, and he pushes away from the counter and walks into the living room with his beer.

You're in the mood for more ziti. You think Tara might have anticipated it, so you take a chance and pop open the microwave door. Sure enough, there's a plate of the stuff, just waiting for you to heat up. See, Tara rocks. You set the timer and dig through the drawer for more chocolate, then grab a bottle of water and a can of soda from the fridge.

While you wait for the ziti to heat, you hear the sounds of everyone getting settled in the living room and you glance in. Josh and Olson are curled up on the loveseat, which they've repositioned so that they have a good view of the television. Spike is crouched down by the DVD player, movie case in his hand and the player gobbling up the disc. Tara is sitting on the sofa, Indian Style, her long skirt pulled above her knees to accommodate the position and leaving her calves bare. Spike absently tickles one of her feet as he sits to her right, at the end.

The microwave beeps and you take out the dish of ziti, gathering all of your stuff and going into the living room to sit on Tara's other side. She smiles at you, a hopeful expression on her face, and reaches to the coffee table to acquire a bowl of popcorn. "What did you rent, anyway? No one will tell me."

"Something you'll like," you assure her.

"Okay."

Josh brandishes the remote. "Ready?"

Everyone gives their ascent, and Josh hits play. You turn your head and watch Tara's face expectantly. When the title screen comes up, her face breaks into a happy grin, and she does a small little bounce on the cushions.

"'Big Trouble in Little China'," she says incredulously. "Wow. I haven't seen this in...ages. Wow." She frowns a little. "I remember thinking it was funny, but I don't think I remember any specifics."

"It's funny," Spike tells her. "Complete cheese. Just your cuppa, luv."

And Tara is the first to break the popcorn boundary when she tosses two fluffy kernels at Spike's face. He lets them connect, and the scowl he gives her promises retribution.

Josh starts the movie and you shovel food into your mouth through the first five minutes. You set the plate on the coffee table, then open one of the chocolate bars. You can feel Tara's eyes on you, and you deliberately savor the first peanut butter cup.

"Say, you wouldn't happen to know where the ice cream went, would you, Ta?" you ask around the treat.

"There was a demon," she tells you solemnly. "An exotic one. I had to research for hours." She sighs. "In the end, only feeding it a half a pint of Chunky Monkey, and waiting until it was too stuffed to move faster than a snail, was the only way I could kill it." You look at her, raising a disbelieving brow. "I saved the world?" she adds, and you can see the subtle spark of teasing in her eyes.

"Good one," you acknowledge with a shrug and fork over the other peanut butter cup.

"Be quiet," Olson grumbles. "This is exactly why I don't like movie nights." He pauses for a moment. "Well, that and the horrible pieces of tripe you people think are worth the rental fee."

Josh feeds him a piece of popcorn. "It could be worse," he reminds Olson. "Remember our trip to the movie theater?"

You were all kicked out. By a fifteen-year-old girl. Olson and Tara weren't pleased. They weren't the ones who spat wet JuJuBees into annoying people's hair; that was you and Josh. Spike was simply amused by the whole thing, and you still suspect that at least one of those JuJuBees came from his seat.

"I can't forget, actually," Olson says with a sigh. "That girl works at the Starbucks down the street from the shop now. I see her every damn morning. She won't sell me anything that can be used as a projectile."

"That's a shame," Spike interjects. "Those mints they have there are pretty good for coffee breath, and blood breath, too."

"Sh!" Tara admonishes all of you, and silence reigns once again.

At least, for the moment it does. You all can't be together without bickering, arguing, and cursing. That's just how it is. You've got the attitude, Spike has the snark, Josh has the bitchiness, and Olson has the all-purpose orneriness. Tara is the long-suffering matriarch, the lone port of maturity in the sea of adolescent-minded adults. Like the mom on that "Malcolm in the Middle" show, except Tara yells less. All right, you've only ever heard Tara yell twice.

It's a powder keg of personalities, but luckily none of you take any of the others very seriously. Tara says it's like a family, and maybe it is. You don't really know much about family. It was just you and your mom. You know people think that there was huge amounts of drama and abuse when you were young--maybe even some molestation because that would explain your in-your-face sexuality--but the reality was pretty tame against all that.

Your mom was an alcoholic. She basically left you to fend for yourself. Obviously, this was not a good thing, but it could have been a lot worse. She didn't hit you; that would have meant she was actually aware of your existence. She didn't bring men back to the apartment; you think her only lover was the bottle.

There was some drama, though. There was you staying up every night to make sure that she didn't fall asleep, or pass out, on her back and choke on vomit. There were times when you had to search the house for every scrap of change you could find so that you could get a bottle for her, because DTs are not pretty to watch. And there was the utter lack of a relationship with the only person in your life.

You don't really talk about it much, never have. When you became a Slayer, you pushed it all away and decided it didn't matter. But it mattered a lot more than you thought, and that came through loud and clear when you had Buffy chained to a wall--or so you thought--and you were making pathetic, angry comments about puppies ad shit.

Even now, it apparently still does matter on some kind of level, because one night you gave Tara the rundown on your life in Boston. Your only excuse was that you were kind of twitchy from patrol, and there were chocolate covered almonds being dug out of vanilla ice cream with spoons and eaten on their own.

That was one of the few times you've seen Tara angry. You didn't understand why, at first. It was only after she told you about her family that you realized where the anger came from. (And her family better hope that they don't ever get the urge to come back to Sunnydale for her, because you will put a hurt on them that will signal a short and satisfying reversion to type.) When Tara was growing up, her mother was the one point of light in her life. Her mother gave her the love, the attention and the affection that she needed. To hear about another mother being so derelict in those duties had shaken her foundation of How Things Are.

The movie passes without incident until the last ten minutes, when Josh oh-so-casually swings his popcorn bowl and lets the contents fly at Tara, who is watching the movie with her usual concentration. Of course, it hits you and Spike in the process--and wouldn't you know it, there's a mostly full bowl on Tara's lap. She's still blinking in confusion when you and Spike grab for the bowl. A short tug of war ensues, and then an inopportune twist sends the popcorn on Tara's lap. Both of you freeze.

Spike looks at you. You look at Spike. Josh starts laughing and then Tara has scooped an armful of popcorn up. You're not expecting it, so that's why she's able to pull at the collar of your shirt and dump the popcorn in it. And, oh damn, it's in your fucking bra.

"Son of a bitch!" you shout, jumping to your feet and digging down your shirt. "This shit is sharp."

You pull the bottom of your bra away from your body and try to shake the popcorn out. But most of it stays, and it'll take a shower to get rid of it. Tara's watching you with glittering eyes and twitchy lips, and you smile at her and take a step towards her.

Her eyes go wide, and she quickly reaches over and grabs at Spike's waist. He lets himself be yanked across her lap, and then moves the rest of the way so that he's in between the two of you. Tara's face peeks out from behind one of his shoulders, and she sticks her tongue out at you.

There is no sufficient amount of popcorn left in any one place to retaliate in kind. Tara knows it and she's crossing her eyes at you and giggling. Spike, in front of her, rolls his eyes in disgust, but there's some amusement there. Olson and Josh are on the floor, laughing.

Laughing. Huh. You move fast, pushing Spike to the side and then pushing Tara down. She stares up at you, blinking a bit in surprise, then tries to squirm away when she realizes what you're about.

"I'm sorry!" she says quickly. "Really. Sorry. Um, I'll make some more popcorn. And you can get me back."

"Take it like a woman, pet," Spike drawls.

You're kind of half sprawled across his lap and you grin down at Tara. "Oh, I'm already going to get you back, Ta."

"It's torture!" Tara cries out. "Verifiable torture." She gives you big, wide, innocent, pleading eyes. "Don't torture me, Faithie."

You freeze for a moment, and Spike notices. "Oh, do it, Slayer. Brat needs to be taught a lesson, and I'll do it if you won't."

You shake off thoughts that you have no business thinking, and then your hands are at Tara's ribs, and she's laughing uncontrollably as you tickle her. You're actually barely touching her. Sometimes, you only have to get close to her ribs for her to start laughing like a maniac.

"Learned your lesson?" you ask after a few moments. Tara nods, tears of laughter trickling from her eyes, and her face pretty red. "What lesson did you learn?"

"Not...to...hide...behind....Spike!" Tara laughs.

Spike leans over Tara and the two of you peer down at her. "Hey, now!" he says indignantly. "You bait the tiger, you pay the consequences. Thought I taught you that one already, pet."

Tara's head thrashes to the side and she calls out for help from Josh and Olson. No help from that corner, though. Josh has gotten the camera out.

"I'm...going....to PEE!" Tara cries out through her laughter.

You pull away so fast that you almost fall from the sofa; it's only Spike's arm at your waist, hauling you up, that keeps it from happening. He drops you on his other side and then grins down at Tara. She's down to giggling now. Spike reaches out and brushes the tears from her face, and she plants a kiss on the palm of his hand.

"You alright?" he asks. She nods and Spike arches a brow. "Gonna charge for the peep show?"

Tara frowns, not knowing what he's talking about. You snort and reach around him to yank Tara's skirt back down from where it had ridden up to the top of her thighs.

"Pink panties, Ta? What are you, three?" Josh snickers. He comes over and holds out a little Polaroid from his I-Zone camera.

In his other hand is a digital camera. Spike gets to the digital camera before you, and growls at Josh, who looks abashed. Which he damn well should. The last time he used the digital camera, he posted pictures on the Internet and you had some little dork following you around for three weeks.

Tara frowns at him in disapproval, and then takes the mini-Polaroid from him. Her eyebrows rise. "Yep, that's a peep show," she sighs, offering it to you and Spike to view.

Your first thought is that you're damn glad Spike got the camera from Josh, because the picture you're looking at seems kinky to your sex-a-rific eye. You're face down on Spike's lap, your breasts on the other side of his thighs, one leg bent at the knee. His elbow is resting on your ass, and he's peering down at the two of you with his lips twisted. You know that twist of his lips--it means he's more amused than he really wants to be, and is trying to play it cool. But in the picture, it looks like he's all smug about the lapful of women he's got.

Tara's skirt is around her waist. One leg is hidden between you and the couch, but the other is raised. She was kicking at your back, but it looks like she's about to wrap the leg around your waist. Not to mention the fact that the way her head is tossed back, hair tangled and face red, with the moment of laughter frozen, makes it seems like your hand is someplace other than at her ribs.

For all that can be seen in the picture, it might as well be, because your hands can't be seen at all. There's just your cocky smile and tussled hair on view. And, hey, you've got some nice cleavage showing.

"We should send that to Rupert," Spike says, snagging the photo from Tara. "See if we can give him a heart attack from several continents away."

You smack the back of his head. "Or send it to Angel and see how long it takes him to hunt you down like a dog and stake your sorry ass," you retort.

"And on that note," Olson says wryly. "We'll be heading out."

"What about my camera?" Josh says irritably.

Spike sends him a cold look. "Have your sugar daddy buy you another one."

Josh rolls his eyes and folds his arms across his chest. "Hey, Mr. Grab and Smash? Why don't you just erase the pictures and then give it back to me?"

"Because he doesn't know how," Tara answers, smiling. "But I do. I'll take care of it tonight and bring it over to the shop tomorrow." She frowns worriedly. "You're still opening for me, right?"

You look to Spike in confusion, and he mouths, "Tracey" at you. Oh. Wow. Tara really doesn't waste any time.

"Yes, sweetie," Josh says, sounding very put upon. "I will be dragging my lovely ass out of bed well before I'm ready, just so you can have the morning off."

He bends down and Tara obligingly gives him a kiss goodbye, her lips making an exaggerated smacking sound against his cheek.

His eyes twinkling, Josh offers his cheek to Spike, who shifts to his game face and growls at him. But it takes a lot to discourage Josh, and he just chuckles and waves at you. "We left that address on the desk for you."

"Call before you go there," Olson says firmly. "And again when you're done. If you need assistance--"

"It's not my first damn time doing something like this," you say irritably. "I know the drill."

Olson's lips press together. "You know it, yes," he agrees tightly. "But you don't always adhere to it."

You look away from him. "I'll call, all right?"

"Good. Be safe."

He and Josh leave, and Tara gets up and starts cleaning up the popcorn. Spike helps her out, and you gather up empty soda cans, water bottles and dishes to bring into the kitchen. It doesn't take long for the living room to be put right again, and then Tara makes her way upstairs to bed. With working and going to school, she has to keep regular hours.

You're rummaging through the Video Mania bag when Spike heads for the door. "Going for a smoke?" you ask.

He looks at you coolly. Shit. Things didn't just return to "fine". You thought they did, because Spike seemed like his usual self during the movie and popcorn fight. But you sometimes forget that Spike looks out for Tara more than just physically. Which makes sense, because he spent a lot of time protecting her from her own mind, from her own guilt, from her own confusion. Nowadays, with Tara finally settled normally, Spike protects her from the way you and he chafe against each other.

"I'll be at my place," he says curtly. "Let me know when you go on another round, and I'll come over and stay with her."

With that, he's out the door and gone. You toss the bag to the floor and curse under your breath.
*
10:30 PM - 12:00 AM

You last half an hour before the apartment starts closing in on you. Upstairs, you take a quick shower that's simply you rinsing your body free of popcorn, then don a dark gray short-sleeved deal that gives you some nice cleavage and that'll match your new coat. In the bathroom, you wipe off the useless kohl and paint on the liquid eyeliner. A slightly darker shade of colors for your eye shadow and lipstick--applied right over the lighter colors--and you're ready.

You creep down the hall to open Tara's door. She's sleeping, and you watch her for a few minutes before you're convinced that she's sleeping peacefully.

When Tara first moved in, she used to have some fucking nasty nightmares. They scared the crap out of you, because they didn't end when Tara woke up. She used to stare around wildly, desperately, like everything she was afraid of had the power to slink out of the shadows and grab her. It was a feeling you knew all too well.

And she used to lock her eyes on you and refuse to look away. Because you were the thing she used to remind herself that she was awake and not still in the middle of a nightmare. There was a routine that emerged, eventually, and it involved you forcing her to realize that she was well and truly awake a lot faster than she did it on her own. A few questions, some casual commentary, and a lot of staying within Tara's view.

But what Tara doesn't know is that you always knew when she was going to wake up screaming like something was trying to kill her. You used to go into her room and watch her sleep, and you discovered there were telltale signs. She slept restlessly when the dreams came, and whimpered in her sleep. Waking her was impossible, though. And you know because you tried really hard to wake her so that she could get away from it without the screaming and the fear that followed her into reality.

If Tara's sleeping and you plan on going out, you always check on her first. It's been a while since she's had one--since right after Spike came back, to be exact--but your skin crawls when you imagine her screaming herself awake and being all alone.

You grab the coat on the way out, stash Butters' address in your poicket, and then make your way to the side of the building. Olson bought the damn thing a few weeks before Spike went off to find Tara. That's because you were about to be forcibly evicted due to all the damage that was consistently being wrought on the apartment and the courtyard. It wasn't all your fault; the history of damage spanned back to Giles' days living here.

Sure, you could have gotten another apartment, but you really like this one. It feels like yours, even considering the previous occupants. It's the first home you've had, and you didn't want to give it up. You bitched to Josh and Olson about it, and the next thing you knew, Olson was now a property owner.

He manages all the details, and lets Josh handle pretty much everything to do with the Magic Box. It works out well.

You get to the apartment at the side of the building, and climb down the three steps that lead to it. It's a below ground level apartment, and it used to house the asshole superintendent that the former owners hired. Olson let him go, and has someone from across town on retainer.

When Spike decided to stay in Sunnydale after the soul, Olson offered him the place. Spike refused for a long while and then Tara told him that if a crypt was a fine place to live, then she would just move on in with him. There was a long staring contest, the likes of which Spike and Tara have often, and that you and Josh have dubbed Battles of Stubbornness.

Josh doesn't think Tara would have actually done it, but you know better. You remember the bite mark on her wrist from when she forced Spike to feed from her when she found him beaten and bruised in New Orleans. She damn well would have shuffled herself over to Spike's latest crypt--lack of water, electricity, heat and air-conditioning be damned.

So he moved into the spacious sub-level apartment, and Dawn came to town for a weekend and she and Tara helped him decorate it and get him everything he needed. The money, you suspect, came from Olson. That's where all the money comes from. He's got more than he knows what to do with.

You rap at Spike's door and he opens it a moment later, taking a look at you and twisting his lips. He closes the door behind him and follows you up the stairs. You part ways in the courtyard and then you start out for the Bronze.

You don't know what the hell it is with you and Spike. All right, so maybe you do. He doesn't let you get away with shit the way the others do. He calls you on the carpet for being a bitch, rather than just let it work itself out of your system. What you don't know is why he does it, or why it gets him so angry when it just makes Tara a little annoyed.

Anyone else, you'd push for an explanation. But...hell. Spike has a habit of shoving truths down people's throats, whether or not they want to, or are ready to, hear them. So maybe, just possibly, you're avoiding hearing some personal truths. You frown as you wonder just how long it'll be until he does it anyway, before he stops waiting for you to ask and just assaults you with things you already know but won't acknowledge.

And, yeah, you really need the Bronze tonight. The place is plenty busy, even for a Tuesday night. You prefer coming here on the weeknights, because there are more college aged people packing the joint. Hitting on some hottie and then finding out he's fifteen is not an experience you want to have again.

You get a glimpse of shiny black hair, exotic eyes, slender female figure. Hm. That would be the chick who was trying for Tara before Tracey came along. She doesn't give you any creepy vibes, never has. Maybe you need to start dragging Tara here again.

A quick glance and tête-à-tête (that came across your calendar just four days ago, and you're still not sure how to pronounce it) with your gut alerts you to two vampires. You're not going to go for them right now, but you're not going to let them pull their usual lure-and-snack crap either. Taking a deep breath, you tune yourself in to them, draw their location on your skin so that you won't get distracted from them.

Sometimes you feel good about everything. Tonight is not one of those nights. Spike's driven it home, yet again, that you aren't pulling this off as smoothly as you like to tell yourself you are. Your natural defense mechanisms kick in on the bad nights. You revert to type the only way you can, and that's with a nice, quick, mind-clearing fuck. There's really no place better than the Bronze to find one in Sunnydale.

You don't go by appearances so much as you go by the eyes. You look for someone who's out for the same exact thing you are. But you're not one to just stand around and wait for some shmuck to offer to buy you a drink. And, really, the best way to find who you want is on the dance floor.

The music at the Bronze runs the gamut, and tonight it's more your kind than it usually is. Yeah, okay, so the pretty-girl voice really isn't your thing, but the drums and frantic guitar are, so you toss yourself into the mass of bodies and just let go. It's different than what happens during Slaying. This is you letting it out with the tossing of your head, and the movement of your torso. It's you reclaiming something that you're more than sure of than anything else, even your Slayerness-control.

You're in charge, and not one doubts it. They slink off when you arch a disinterested brow. They sandwich you in between them when you give them a smile. They wait for you right where you tell them to when you see vamp number one about to slip out with a victim. It's a quick little brush against him as you squeeze past the two of them in the tight hall that leads to the back door. Then the girl is blinking at you in shock as the dust falls.

"Do yourself a favor and check for a pulse next time," you mutter, then dance back to where they're waiting for you.

You change your mind and take a detour to the booth where vamp number two is sitting. He's alone at the moment and you climb in next to him, that smile on your face, and he smirks at you. Moron. You move closer and closer to him until he's practically lying down on the bench seat, and you shake off the dust as you get up.

Four songs later you feel like you're you again, and you grab the hand of the guy you picked out two songs ago. He told you his name but all you could hear above the music was a St sound at the beginning. Doesn't matter, the name, because he signs the register at the motel "Mr. Smith".

The middle-aged clerk knows you back from when you lived there, and you toss him a grin. Sammy's good people for the most part, and you try to always swing by midway through your Thursday patrol because he leaves before dawn on Thursdays and sometimes the vamps get stupid ideas in their heads.

Sammy snickers when-Steve?-pays for two hours. Yeah, Sammy's got you down, and he knows you won't be in there nearly that long, but he takes the money anyway. Practical guy.

"Catch you later, Sammy," you say as you lead-Stan?-away by his fly.

"Play safe," he calls back.

Once the two of you get into the room-and Sammy's really a fuck, because he gave you your old room-you're even keel is slightly off balance again. Fuck.

You kiss-Stu?-and it's a battle of tongues that you win. You strip your jacket off in victory and toss it to a chair. You shove him to the bed and gab for his belt. SteveStanStu has a damn nice cock. It's long, it's thick, and it's got a sweet little curve that you know is going to feel real fucking good. He gives you a patronizing look when you lower your head. That's because he's a man, and he doesn't get it. You're a natural top, and you're a good one, at that. Giving head is usually a submissive thing, but not always.

It's your teeth that can clench and make them cry out. It's your tongue that can make their backs arch off the bed. Your finger, just behind their balls, that can tear a strangled scream from their throats.

It's not about their pleasure, and that's why it's not a submissive thing. It's about you, having them at your mercy.

You make SteveStanStu cry out and arch and scream. You don't make him come.

You give it like a top, and you take it like a top, unlike SteveStanStu. You know how to work it so that whoever's eating you out is focused on making it good, and you want some of that now. You crawl over him, shedding your pants and boots along the way. Your knees go on either side of his shoulders, and then you lower your cunt to his face. You know you're damn wet. Making someone dance to your tune always makes you wetter than wet.

Unfortunately, it's not being appreciated. SteveStanStu really ain't all that good with his tongue-has he even bothered to learn where the clit is, for fuck's sake? Probably not. The ones with the nice sized dicks generally don't bother learning much of anything. Is it worth it to guide him through it? You think about it, but your axis is tilting and you need to fuck. Now.

The condom is in your bra. You've always kept them there, because your mother used to go through your pockets. Habit kind of stuck. You tear it open and roll it on down, then hold a hand to his chest and slight right on home. And, fuck, it's nice. Got you tingling all over, and when you're tingling you're not thinking.

You hold still once you've got all of him in you, and yank your shirt down and pull your breasts out of your bra. You grab at them with your own hands as you pull yourself up that lovely, lovely, cock, and then slam right back down.

It's not the same with a dildo. You thought it might be, since you don't really pay much attention to who's under you, most of the time. But you tried. Got one of those big fuckers, with the suction cup bottom, and went to town. So very not the same. There isn't that body below you that you're reducing to something incoherent and desperate.

His eyes are glassy and lost in pleasure and there's nothing for him but you. Your fingers convulse on your nipples, and you ride him harder. Slide up and down that cock so hard and so fast that you can't stay wet enough for it to be smooth. He makes a choked noise as you clench your muscles up good and tight, increasing the friction.

And you feel wild and primal as you ride him like a bitch in heat, and you think he might wind up with some interesting bruises, but you don't think he much cares right now, and you won't care ever.

Goddamn, but you fucking love this guy's cock. It's got you stretched and it's going so damn deep inside that you can't even keep anything in your head. You shift a little then next time you come down on him like some unholy thing, tuck you knees back a little so that you're pitched the slightest bit forward.

"Oh fucking god," you growl, because your clit is sliding along his cock and you can't pinch and twist your nipples enough.

You stare down at SteveStanStu and he's looking a you like you're something holy, like his cock hasn't ever been fucked so good, and your muscles tighten around him even more, and it just takes a vicious twist to your breasts on the downstroke and you're coming so damn hard that you scream.

But you don't stop moving, just keep sliding your clenching muscles up and down, and he's trying to thrust up, and you pinch your nipples and send a wave of aftershocks through your cunt, and then he's coming.

You slide off of him, and you're both panting, lying there side by side. He offers you a post-fuck cig, and you take him up on it, grabbing another for later. You stare at the door to the bathroom and your mind goes places it shouldn't.

Angel lost his soul because he loved Buffy so damn much. In a way, Spike got his soul because of the way loving Buffy changed him. You feel like nothing--like something entirely insignificant--in comparison. Your own mother didn't even love you more than anything else, and that's, like, the definition of a good mother.

SteveStanStu suddenly rolls off the bed and gets to his feet. When you bother looking up, you see him buttoning his pants, eyeing you like he's got your number. Like you're so easy to figure out. You ignore him and shove your breasts back inside the cups of your bra, then lean down and start putting your clothes back on.

SteveStanStu goes into the bathroom as you're yanking your jeans on, and comes back with a stack of towels. Little thief. Outside the motel, he gives you an asshole smile and shithead eyes, and says, "I'll see you at the Bronze again."

No soft looks and pretty words for you. That's how you used to like it. Business. An exchange of scratching to relieve itches. For some reason, that thought makes you take a real look at SteveStanStu, and you feel your eyes get wide and wild before you spin away and almost run down the street.

He's tall. He's got dark brown hair. He's got deep brown eyes. Just like the three guys before him. Holy shit. Holy fucking shit. Your subconscious isn't very subtle, but then again, you can be pretty oblivious when it suits you, so maybe it has to be obvious. But, damn, you really could have done without knowing.

You finally realize that you're still moving, and you come to a stop, looking up in surprise at the gates in front of you. You also could have done without coming here, and you want to leave, but your body doesn't seem to be listening to the way you're yelling at it.

Whenever Dawn's in town she, Tara and Spike always come here together during the evening, and Dawn comes by herself once during the day. You don't get it--don't get how the three of them can put themselves through it and come back to the apartment smiling.

Graves are for the living, but you've never much seen the point to visiting them. You tried, not long after you first got back, but standing six feet above Buffy's corpse didn't do anything for you, and all looking at her headstone did was remind you just how short your life expectancy is.

Maybe some people visit to remember, but you remember just fine without it. So you're not sure why you're walking into the cemetery, but you do know where you're going. You stop a respectful distance in front of the headstone, then shrug and walk right up to it, sit down, and lean your back against it.

The cigarette you got from SteveStanStu is in your pocket and you pull it out, break it off somewhere in the middle where it got bent, and light up.

"I hated you."

You jerk in surprise at the words, almost looking around, then realize they came from your mouth. This isn't you. This is some kind of After Lifetime True Story movie-of-the-week moment. But you can't seem to stop.

"I hated you for trying," you spit. "And I hated you even more when you stopped trying."

And that's so fucking true that you have to close your eyes for a moment. Angel refused to stop trying, no matter what the fuck you did, and once he finally got through to you, you discovered a seething hatred of everyone who had given up on you. You spent many an hour in jail wondering just what your life would have been like if someone before Angel had refused to give up.

You smoke silently, and when the cig is done you toss it aside carelessly and tangle your hands in your hair. A string of curses is muttered, whisper soft.

"I feel like a fucking idiot," you hiss, and there's no response. You lift your head and frown. No answers, no arguments, no expectations. Okay. So, yeah, you're starting to see the appeal.

"I hated you, but then I got it. There was only so much you could take of me when you had your own shit going on." You pull at some grass by your hip and narrow your eyes. "I only wrote one letter in jail, and it was to Angel. But I wanted to write you. Then I figured I'd get to tell you in person one day."

You lift a shoulder. "Okay, no, I didn't think that. It's more like I figured I could repay you." Your head tilts to your side as you consider just who you're sitting above. "Maybe save your life. And you'd understand what I meant with it."

You get to your feet, not sure what exactly you should be feeling right now, but there's a lightness somewhere deep inside that used to be heavy. You eye the headstone and sigh.

"So, yeah. Thanks for trying, Xander."

You turn away and wander through the cemetery. Your life is a lot sadder than you realized if you've been fucking Xander stand-ins. Not because of the Xander part; he was a stand up guy.

Not because of the stand-in part, either. You've used the time honored tradition of stand-ins before, especially right after you got here and the specter of Buffy was practically choking you. There's no shortage of small blonde girls in this Southern California town, and you got to know half a dozen of them intimately.

Sometimes you had them eat you out until their jaws were too tired to do it another second more. Other times you sucked at their cunts relentlessly, coming yourself when they screamed your name at the fifth, sixth, seventh orgasm you assaulted them with.

You tied them up and fucked them with a strap on, and you'd pull out of them in the middle of it all, and not go back in until they begged you.

You fisted two of them, your body stuck in some kind of continual loop of coming the entire time your hand was in them to the wrist.

They enjoyed it, and they pleaded with you to do something-anything to them, pleaded with you to let them do something-anything to you.

One of them--and she was the sweetest and most innocent looking of them all--let you take a cat-o-nine to her back and her ass and her tits and her dripping cunt. She told you to make her bleed and you did, but only a little. And afterwards, she looked at you like you were her whole fucking world, like you were the be-all and end-all of her existence, and you cleaned up the few shallow cuts on her tits and sent her home and didn't fuck around with her again.

You still see her sometimes, and you have a hard time looking at her. Her eyes tell you that she wants you to define her, so that she can just let go of everything that makes her her and just be what you want her to be. Just be anything that she doesn't have to think about. You don't even know yourself, so you look away and ignore her.

So, really, it's not the fact that you've been fucking Xanders. Screwing all those Buffys helped you exorcize her, or some shit like that. No, what bothers you about the Xanders is that it wasn't a conscious decision on your part. Getting bouncy is supposed to be about forgetting shit for a while, but you've apparently been trying to get some of what you wouldn't take from Xander.

Right. Just a year-and-a-half and a live body too short. Your timing always did suck.

*