Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: Fun at a cottage

Part: Chapter 1

Summary: a guy, his sister and a cousin was left alone for several days. They was about to experience some sexual things together during that time

Keywords: teens, masturbation

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com

Chapter 1

My family leaves for the country every summer. My family consists of my Mom, Dad and my stunning sister Natasha.

  This particular summer would be very hot and special for me. Some of our relatives stay with us. I love all of my relatives, but I especially look forward to my Aunt Galya's arrival. After a week of our staying at the cottage she finally arrived with my cousin, Sveta. 

  Natasha, cousin Sveta and I are the same age. My sister and cousin are always great company and we spend a lot of time together.

  One day, Mom came up to me and surprised me;  "Sonny, I don't know if I mentioned that were going to stay after the wedding for several days!

  When I heard this, I quickly thought of how my sister, cousin and I could have fun together for several days!!!

  Since you are the eldest, you'll be the man of the house. Can you stand it or not?" my father kept on saying and blinking at me.

  "Yeah, Dad.  You bet, I can! I jumped up and hugged my father.
 
  I couldn't believe that there would be several days of freedom with two beautiful girls at hand.

  "Of course, since you are the eldest, its high time for you to learn how to be responsible!", my Mother agreed in a stern tone and turned to my Father, "But it doesn't mean that he can be the boss.  You know how he likes throwing parties with strong drinks!"

  As I listened to my Mother, I knew that she could spoil the fun, but my Father was always my protector. In spite of  of her nagging, my Dad got the point.

  "Look here! I know what I'm doing, we are all grown up and nothing will happen here!"

  My words reassured her and my Mom agreed with Dad. 
  
  There wasn't much time left before they had to leave. Dad went to get everything ready for us.  He even started up the sauna.

  When my Dad came to us, he said in his stern voice, "You must all shower before you go to bed!"  

  That made us laugh in response over such a silly request, but he knew what would happen, and that was part of his overall plan for us.

  We didnt want to be in my parents way and the three of us rushed off to the woods for strawberries. Mom and Dad kept packing the car.

  The forest seemed alive and bright. It was sun-lit with warm sunshine and I felt relaxed. This day was really going to be great from dawn to dusk. 

  I was into my own world, imagining what I was going to do for these upcoming three days as my eyes stared at Natasha and Sveta. 

  Both girl wore short summer dresses. They were so short, that I could see their small panties when they bent down to pick up strawberries. I couldnt help but notice and this made me want to spy on them more. My cock gave a stir in response to them when I started thinking about.

  An hour later, we made our way back to the cottage to say good-bye to our parents and watch them drive away. We were in time, because it started to thunder and rain outside.

  Mom and Dad hugged us all and ordered us to behave. Then they made their way down to the car. When my Dad, Mom and Aunt got in, they drove away leaving a thick dust behind them from the dirt road. We stood there staring at the disappearing car in anticipation.  

  I think we should go to sauna before it rains, guys! Sveta exclaimed in her shrill manner. 

  As soon as she had said it, the girls ran like the wind to the sauna. It surprised me so much that I stayed where I was until they disappeared behind the door. Shit! I swore to myself.

  Id have to wait outside until they are through. I walked up to the sauna and flopped down on the dusty steps of the wooden porch.  I knew the girls would take their time inside there.My favourite book laid on a bench there, so I grabbed the battered book to read.

  When I started to read, I began picturing Natasha and Svetas bending over to pick the berries. Hearing the girls screams of laughter inside drove me crazy.

  It lasted very long and I felt my cock constantly twitched. I made up my mind that the book was useless and put it aside. I wanted to jerk off so much, but I couldn't just do it there, sitting on the porch. I would be busted.

  All of a sudden, the splashes of water and their noise inside had stopped. I thought they were going to leave the sauna, but something was wrong. After waiting for a few minutes, nobody opened the door. I became worried that something had happened.

  Considering that something had happened, I jumped up on my feet and went to the door. I had to check out if everything was okay.    

  I opened the door and entered. I couldnt hear a sound. It was absolutely quiet inside. It really made me anxious. I shouted, calling their names but there was no reply. I was afraid of seeing their naked bodies laying unconscious or even worse.

  Are you all right? I kept on shouting, but there was nothing except for dead silence.

  Finally I came up to the room where they had to be and slowly opened the room. I opened it wider, stepped inside and screamed on the top of my lungs.

  Fuuuuuckin shit! I swore out loud. Fuck you girls!

  I kept on swearing more and more. I was doused with a pail of cold water. I slipped and fell down on the floor. As I laid there, I heard the playful girls loud laughter. They had tricked me.

  I kept on swearing, I got back up. My wet T-shirt showed every muscles under it and my loose jeans were soaking wet.

  You have to take a shower too, bro! I heard a giggling voice.     
    
  There was another laugh. It was Sveta's voice. Of course, who could make such shit up? Not her!

  "Hey, don't be mad!" she cooed. "It'll be better if you help us."

  I was shocked and couldnt believe what I had heard.    

  What took you so long? came from inside. 

  I stood up and closed the door behind myself. What I had seen made my blood raced. There were Sveta and Natasha in this steamy room. They laid naked on the stomachs with their asses on full display in front of my sore eyes. My hand instinctively moved down to my crotch and rubbed the tent I had.

  My sister suddenly turned her head to me and said, Cmon! We wont bite you!

  I  felt my cock hardening up already. Yeah, the sight I had been witnessing was definitely worth living. The girls asses were all in their glory. Svetas ass was more round and fatter, but Natashas was tiny. I stared at them and couldnt tear my eyes away from them.

  Svetas voice brought me back into reality again, Havent you seen naked girls before?

  Nah, I replied like a fool.

  Perhaps, it surprised her so much that she laughed out loud, but I bluffed. 

  Giggling, Natasha said,  Mom and I went to a nude beach last year. So dont be confused. All the same!

  I collected myself and moved over to them. I took a wet brush and started doing their naked young backs and asses. As I was doing that I tried to remember the images of their naked forms. I didnt even notice that Sveta watched me.

  Have you ever taught not to spy on your sister and cousin? she asked like a teacher.

  It made me become shier and I tried not to eat their slim bodies with my lust-filled eyes. 

  Sveta liked nagging me and kept on leading her side, Are you gonna stay in your wet jeans?  

  Stop it! I replied roughly.

 Oh what shy we are! my cousin pulled her face. Ok, weve been through. Turn around! 

  All blushed I turned my back to them and tried to conceal the tent in my jeans. I could hear they jumped down on their feet and splashed into the water to wash away sweat. I was tempted to peek at them, but didnt want to be called a pervert. 
  
  I was so much into anticipation and Svetas voice brought me back to reality, Ok, you can turn around, big boy!

  When I turned around, the cousin was still there. I noticed how ripe her splendid tits were and her black hairy triangular between the legs attracted my eyes. I thought she had been doing it with intention. My cousin must be eager to tease me.   

  Sveta slowly started rubbing her body dry with a towel and it looked like my hands teased her sexy body. The girl surely was driving me. It didnt take much time to be through with it. Then she made her way to the door without saying a word. Sveta looked so haughty and untouchable at this moment.

  As soon as she had left the room, I started throwing my clothes away from my sweat body. They were soaking wet. So I neednt put them in the special tank for dirty clothes. I just threw my loose jeans and T-shirt on the wet wooden floor. 

  When all my stuff appeared on the floor, it felt better and my cock was high in the air. I came up to the shower and turned it on. The warm streams relaxed my body at once and I got down to soap myself. My skin felt so young and smooth and I rinsed off. 

  As I did it, Sveta and Natashas images filled my mind up. It wasnt good enough to consider them my sex-appeals, but I couldnt do anything about it. The images of them bent down in the forest was good enough, but seeing them in all the glory here, in the sauna-house was a really tremendous sight! 

  I was young enough and my cock started aching with pleasure. I flopped down on the wooden bench there and spread my legs wide. My hand grabbed the swollen cock in instinct and fisted it. I closed my eyes and threw my head back in pleasure as my hand started stroking it up and down. 

  It was such a pleasure feeling my cock sliding in my hand as I thought about the nice asses I had just seen. If these girls werent my relatives, there could be more.

  As my hand kept on jerking off, Svetas scream brought me to reality.

  What do you think you are doing? she screamed as she ran inside. Its gonna rain out there!

  I was in a hurry to conceal my raging hard-on with hands. When my cousin saw it, she only giggled like I did something funny. It was good that Sveta broke into the room screaming or Id be caught in the act. I knew that there was no way for me to have a rest tonight.

  Covering my cock, I came up to the clothes that my thoughtful Mom got ready for me. They were on another bench. I turned my back to Sveta and started getting dressed. The cousin could see my ass and she liked it I think.

  When I was ready, we left the sauna-house. The rain was drizzling on the ground outside. Sveta and I rushed to the house. I didnt think that I was too long at the sauna-house, but they managed to lay the table already.

  As soon as I had seen it, I ran like the wind to it. The girls knew that they should be fast or everything would be eaten. The three of us sat at the table and peered the window. 

  The dark clouds gathered and heavy rain started. I imagine the way they were about to scream like any girls, but I was mistaken. One of them stood up and switched the lights off. Then she took her seat again and we started having our tea in silence. The loud thunder broke the dead silence only. 

  Didnt you really never see naked girls? all of a sudden Sveta asked again. 

  No I didnt, except in pictures, I simply replied and knew that she was going to make a fool of me. Do you give it a care?

  Just saw you jerking the cock off! giggling, she said. 

  Dont be mad at her, OK? Natasha asked, smiling at me.

  There was a silence and I thought that I had to break it.

  Lets play cards then, I supposed and thought that the girls would agree.

  Whats the prize? Natasha immediately asked. 

  Strip poker! Sveta said and looked up, running her tongue along her lower lip lewdly.

  Everyone became silent again, thinking this supposition over. Sveta waited and wauted and interrupted my thoughts.

  Cmon guys! she begged. Itll be cool, I promise!

  Do you mean Natasha almost whispered with a shame. Do you mean to undress absolutely?

  Yep! Are you afraid of losing, sis?  Sveta played her off and I grinned.

  No, my shy sister replied.

  Ok, Sveta exclaimed. Bring the cards then!

  It was clear that my cousin was horny at that moment. If I knew what dirty ideas were in her mind. 

  Natasha stood up and left the room. I glanced at Sveta and I liked the way she licked her lips. My sister entered the room again in several minutes. The cards were in her hand. 

  In a moment she flopped down in her chair and the game started. Of course, we tried to trick, but we were too excited. I was extremely unlucky.

  I didnt noticed how I lost almost all my clothes. When I became lucky again, I had only jeans and boxers on. I wasnt sorry about it since Natasha was a real loser in this game too. She was really smart. My sister didnt want to put her body on display and preferred to take her underwear off without revealing her teen body. 

  Perhaps, Natasha hoped to be lucky, but I knew that it might not be true. My cousin was the one who was the superior in this game and her loud voice cheered us up to get naked. Of course, no one planned to show our intimate places. Or we thought so then. 

  I had a good hand and savoured my triumph when I suddenly acted stupidly. I had lost. I had to take off my jeans. I stood between the girls and slowly slid them down my legs. Sveta was shril as always and cheered me up. It felt like I was some strip dancer, but the girls liked it. When I left in my boxers, my hard-on was clearly seen and both girls applaused it. I became shy again.

  Whats the next? I asked Sveta and I knew that she could figure something out. 

  The cousin just looked up and replied merrily, I dunno. 

  So I took my seat again and we kept on playing. Everything went too wildly and I lost again. I knew what I was supposed to do, but I couldnt. they were my relatives and I was never kind of exhibitionist. I looked down and stood up. I stood between the girls again and was ready to pull down my boxers, but I couldnt look into their sweet faces. 

  Sveta started cheering me on, Cmon, hunk!

  I put my hands on the boxers band, but I couldnt pull them down.

  You did see us naked today! Sveta showed her pouty lips. 

  I knew that I didnt have to be a pussy guy. I knew the price beforehand and it was high time for a payment. I collected myself and slowly pulled my boxers down like some fucking virgin who is afraid of being seen. My cock sprang out in the freedom as soon as my boxer released it.

  When the girls saw it, I could hear their wow really loudly. I liked their reaction and looked straight into their faces: first into Natashas, then into Svetas. I stopped being shy and became proud of my 8 cock. I was full of desire and it was such a relief to be on full display now. I always considered my sister very shy, but Natashas stare enchanted at the sight. It was obvious that she had never seen one before. On the contrary, Sveta stared at my swollen cock with a delight. I wondered how my cousin watched cocks there, at that nudist beach. 

  Well, do you like it? I asked, grinning.

  Yeah, Sveta said without hesitation, but my sister kept silence. 

  Whats the next? I felt like a winner.

We havent been through with the game yet! Sveta said. We still dont have the winner. So sit down and look whos gonna lose next? 

  Of course, everyone knew who was going to be naked next. Surely, it wouldnt be Sveta. The cousin was dressed to the hilt. I saw her hands shaking when Natasha lost the game. Her face became pale immediately and looked like she saw a ghost. 

  I cant she tried to resist slightly, seeking for a shelter.

  Do it! NOW! Sveta ordered and let her know that there would no chance to escape.

  My sister went to the middle of the room. Gasping, she put her trembling hands on her summer dresss hem and slowly pulled it up. It took my breath away in anticipation and my cocks size reached the limit seeing it. The head of my cock was purple with some pre-cum on the piss-hole and the shaft swelt to twice its usual size. 

  As soon as she got naked, Natasha was fast enough to cover her tits and crotch with hands. She stood blushed there and believed that I couldnt see anything. How wrong she was! I managed to see her in full glory as she undid her summer dress. 

  Although she was a shy girl, I thought it wasnt true. I noticed that there was no hair on her pubic bone and guessed that my sister liked being clean-shaven. Her tits were ripe and firm. I wanted to stretch out and squeeze it so much. How such thoughts could be in my mind!

  Natasha stood this way for several minutes and I tried to remember every curve of her body. I thought of nothing except of lust and I didnt give it a care at all. 

  Maybe do you want a rematch? Sveta asked us and brought to reality.

  Which way? my sister asked submissively.

  I suppose to continue the game! If I lose Ill get naked at once, my cousin said and blinked at me.

  But what if my brother or me are losers? Natasha asked, keeping her hands in the places. 

  Well, a loser fulfil my wish! smiling, my cousin made up. 

  I think its honest. Thatll do! I said simply.

  All my mind was filled with lust and my only wish now was to see my sister naked. 

  Natasha sat at the table and she hesitatingly uncovered her privates in order to take cards. Now I could enjoy the sight without stealth. 

  As I was staring at her tits, my hand instinctively moved down to my swollen cock and squeezed it slightly. It was very much for me. Her teen ripe tits like two small balls were at my hands length and asked to be groped. I could see them bouncing up and down every time she took a breath. The small nipples crowned them and they were pink. 

  I wanted to stretch out my hand and touch them as my hand kept on stroking my cock. Of course, I understood that it was wrong to dream about my sister, but I could do nothing about it. 

Sveta kept on being the boss and dealt the cards. The cousin smiled at me, licking and I knew that another portion of dirty ideas occurred to her. I was sure it would be very exciting and looked forward to the end of the match. 
  
 As I put my hands on the cards I became confused. I had never had such a bad hand. I knew there was no way for me to be the winner. I started tuning in to fulfil their wishes. I couldnt imagine what was going to happen. Of course, I had lost and tried to be a real man.

  Whats the wish? I asked facing my destiny.

  Which way do you guys jerk off? my cousin asked simply.

  I was confused by that question. Perhaps my eyes were like saucers. I lost the gift of speech.

  Well was the only word I managed to pronounce.

  I tried to find appropriate words to start the topic, but I was too slow 

  Show the way you do it! Sveta broke the flow of my thoughts. 

  Hey, hey, hey! I started protesting loudly. It sounds like incest!

  I didnt wanted to do it in front of them, it was so gross. They are relatives somehow, but my hard-die cousin wanted more and more.

  Did you forget, my sexy cousin, that the cards debt is sacred? Sveta reminded me about the rules.

  OK, was the only thing I managed to breathe out.

  It sounded so quietly that I could hardly be heard. There was no way out for me. Defeated, I rose up slowly like I was going to mount the scaffold. In my habit I moved over to the centre of the room and froze. I just didnt know how to start.  My cousin saw my hesitation and knew that I needed a thrust.

  Itd be better if you sit on the sofa! Sveta gave me a hint like an experienced tutor.

  Perhaps, she liked making my sister and me get blushed. I made my way to the sofa and flopped down on it. I knew that it was stupid to act shyly and I spread my legs wide enough, the way I always sit. By their face I saw that the girls liked the way I sat. It was the perfect angle for them to watch it, but they wanted a close-up view and came closer. Then the girls squatted near me. Of course, Natasha was still naked and stop being shy too. She was curious now. I knew that I would cum soon, because my cum was boiling in the balls. 

  I sat lke this for about moment as they devoured me with their hungry looks. I had been waiting for commands, but there were no any. I was so eager to caress my cock so that I couldnt help touching it. I put my palm on my swollen cock and squeezed it. It made my eyes roll back into the head. Without thinking, I got down to stroke my one-eyed snake slowly. I moaned a bit in pleasure. When I opened my eyes, I stared at my relatives faces and asked them boldly.

  Like that? smiling, I asked them.

  Thats it! my cousin said and I felt her mouth get dry. Keep it on!

  If somebody told me that I would jerk my cock in front of my sister, Id call him a bastard and punch in his face. Natasha watched every my move carefully trying to remember it by heart. I was so much into myself that I forgot that she was naked as a day. Perhaps, she forgot it too and curiosity had overtaken her. My sisters voice suddenly brought me back from oblivion. 

  What happens? I heard her voice somewhere in the background as my eyes left closed. 

  Watch it! gasping, Sveta said and I didnt know what was the reason for it.

  I wasnt shy any longer and there was no reason for it at all. The only thing that bothered me now was to cum and I knew that it would happen in no time. My gasps were clearly heard and my body was shaky. I could feel my balls clenched as my cum started its way up the cocks shaft. My cock jerked in my fist the final time and cum spurted out, although my eyes were still closed in bliss. It felt like the head of my cock had burt. I had never felt it before. Keeping on with stroking my cock that was still squirting portions of cum, I opened my eyes slighly with a smile on my face.

  I saw my cousin biting her lips from the sight as she was staring at my cum-stained cock with delight. My sister sat in front of me and rubbed the drops of my fresh cum away from her tits with love.

  Wow! Sveta exclaimed. You are dirty sister! I saw such stuff in flicks only! 

  Brrrr! Its a crap! Natasha said with a disgust.

  Are you okey, hunky-boy? Sveta remembered about me.

  I was in the mood to reply and there was no need for it. I didnt give it a fuck and my head was spinning. Cum was still leaking down my balls and thighs. I leant back on the sofa, reclining on my elbows, and watched my sister and cousin. They kept on staring on the globs of cum frozen on my cocks shaft for some time and stood up then. Laughing, they walked over to the other side of the room. I could hear their whispers only and knew what their talks topic was. Of course, the thing they had just witnessed. 

  I was left alone and couldnt believe that it was all over. I believed that there would be more. 

  Ashamed, I yelled in their backs, Well, good night sleep tight!

  Youre gonna have a good night sleep tight thing, not us! as always, Sveta tried to be sharp-tongued and both sisters laughed out loud.

  Were having another round tomorrow! Natasha suddenly said and closed the door.

  Ok, I said in whispers and I didnt think that they heard it.

  It was high time to go to bed. Pleased, I rose up and made the way to my bedroom, where relieved I fell asleep.   

Send your feedback at sluttish_88@yahoo.com