Emma's Farm 11 - (Ff, ws)

Disclaimer:  this is a work of fiction.

Linda has to use the bathroom.

---------------

	Emma was sprawled out on the kitchen table.  She was completely naked and her smooth pussy glistened with a mixture of her own cum and her mother's saliva.  Her mother was also naked and was sitting on the floor with her back resting against the kitchen cabinets.  Like Emma, Linda was exhausted.  Being eaten out, and in turn eating out, her daughter, took a lot of energy and both girls felt spent.  Most of their energy was going into digesting their breakfasts, and soon enough they would both feel better, and would both once again be insatiably horny.

	After a few minutes, Linda struggled to her feet.  "Ugh.  I need to use the bathroom."

	"Can . . "  Emma started to say, but quickly shut her mouth, too embarrassed to continue her question.

	"What honey?"  Linda inquired, pausing at the steps that led upstairs.

	"Nothing."  Emma called back, laying her head back down on the table, feeling embarrassed and defeated.

	"Did . . . did you want to come with me?"  Linda asked gently, not wanting to embarrass her daughter.  Emma raised her head to look at her mother.  Her cheeks were bright red.

	"Can I?"  Emma asked sheepishly.

	"Absolutely!" Linda said reassuringly.  "This could be fun!"



	As the girls ran upstairs to the bathroom, each quickly forgot their lethargy as the blood raced through them, their sexual appetites instantly returning.  Linda lead the way into the bathroom.  She spun around and sat down on the toilet, spreading her legs as wide as they would go so that her daughter had an excellent view.

	Emma sat down on the floor in front of the toilet.  Her eyes traced her mother's beautiful legs - athletic calves and slender milky white thighs, all coming together in the middle with such a beautiful pussy - Emma thought she could look at it all day - she became hot and started to sweat.  She examined her  mother's labia, the beautiful fleshy folds hiding the pink fruit within.  Emma licked her lips as her mother spread those pretty lips open with her fingers.  She tensed her abdominal muscles and put pressure on her full bladder.  Her urethra opened and a strong stream of golden yellow liquid sprayed forth into the bowl.  Emma's hand immediately shot down to her dripping wet cunt and she watched the incredibly erotic scene.  

	Linda was ecstatic to see her daughter enjoyed the show.  She moved her hand to her mons pubis, and pressed, forcing her urethra to change direction, pointing out instead of down.  Emma was hit in the face with the warm shower from her mother.  She instinctively opened her mouth, catching as much of the steaming piss in her mouth as she could.  Soon her mouth was overflowing.  Pee streamed down her chin, some falling straight onto the floor, while some ran down her neck, over her chest, and pooled between her legs.

	Just as the stream started to subside, Emma cried out as she reached climax.  Her young body spasmed and she fell back onto the floor of the bathroom.  Linda was on top of her almost instantly, her tongue forcing its way into her daughter's vagina, lapping up the sweet juices which flowed from deep within her sex.



	Ten minutes later, the two girls were cuddling on the floor, both naked, Emma still covered in her  mother's piss.  Soon they had recovered, and Linda finally spoke.

	"That was amazing!  But we can't keep doing this."  Emma's heart sank a little.  She knew it was too good to be true.  Linda continued, "I mean, we have to at least get the chores done.  Then we can spend the whole rest of the day fucking."  Linda kissed Emma's lips and Emma's fear vanished.

	"Okay," Emma said as she struggled to her feet, "I'll go get dressed."

	"No no.  I think you should stay just as you are."  Linda grinned while Emma blushed - they both made their way downstairs and slipped on their mud boots  as they headed outside into the late morning sun.