Georgia
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Part 02

I must have slept through my alarm because I woke up to the sight of daddy looking down at my naked body. I smiled and said,

“Good morning daddy; sorry, I set my alarm but it didn’t go off. I’ll be down in 2 minutes; okay.”

Daddy was just stood there staring at my naked body and I wasn’t sure that he’d heard me.

“DADDY.”

“Oh yes, sorry Georgia; right, down in 2, okay?”

He turned and walked out. 

I smiled, closed my legs, swung them to the side of my bed and decided that I wasn’t going to shut my bedroom door ever again.

“Well, at least he didn’t scold me for sleeping naked; maybe he liked what he saw.” I though as I went and had a quick shower before putting a skirt and top on and running downstairs.


As soon as daddy had left I ran back upstairs and shed my clothes, I wanted to spend the day totally naked. Then I remembered that I had to go and sort out a dress. 

“How could the woman make a dress in 2 days?” I thought.

I put my Driver’s number in my Contacts and phoned him. One hour later a big Mercedes pulled-up outside the house and I walked out to greet him wearing just a pair of heels and a thin, skater type micro dress.


James is quite cute so I told him that I’d be travelling in the front passenger seat. When he rushed round to open the door for me I got in in a very un-ladylike way and lingered with my legs spread wide, one floor in the car and the other still on the gravel, hoping that he was looking.

He was, I saw him when I looked up to his face to thank him. He smiled and shut the door as I lifted my leg in.

James is quite a nice person and easy to talk to; quite witty as well. As we talked I relaxed and looked down at my legs. They were bare right up the top. I didn’t think that he could see my pussy, even when I let my legs drift open.

“Relax Georgia; I haven’t got a camera under the dash.” James said.

Feeling comfortable and brave I replied,

“You don’t want to see my pussy then James.”

“Already have Georgia; you gave me a great view when you got in the car, remember? Are you normally such an exhibitionist or was it just for me?”

“No, err yes, it was for you; I’ve just left an all girls boarding school and I’m experimenting.”

“Well, you can experiment with me anytime that you want and I’m sure that your cute little body will please just about every guy on the planet.”

“Why thank you James, maybe we should climb in the back sometime.”

“Wow, direct as well as gorgeous; you’ll go far Georgia.”

“I hope so, daddy wants me to go into his business but I’m not sure.”

“Well I’m sure that whatever you get into you’ll do well. With that cute little body and your attitude the world is yours.”


Just then we arrived at the address of the seamstress. It’s a double-fronted, upmarket shop and as I waited for James to open the door I looked at the displayed dresses.

“Hmm, maybe this won’t be too bad.” I thought.

The car door opened and I swung just one leg out giving James another great view of my now damp pussy.


“Phone me when you want me Georgia; I won’t be far away.”

“Thank you James.” I said as I walked to the shop door.


I was greeted by a middle-aged woman who introduced herself as Celeste. 

“I used to make clothes for your mother, such a shame. Has anyone told you that you’re the spitting image of her Georgia? I hear that you are going to a ball on Saturday and want something to wear.”

“Yes, that’s right what can you do for me?”

“I can do you any which way that you want Georgia; you have a beautiful little body. As for a gown, that all depend on what message you are looking to give out. Judging by your current attire I’m guessing that you are not afraid to show lots of flesh, and maybe even like the attention that you get; am I right?”

“Yes, I’ve just finished at an all-girls boarding school and I …”

“You want to break free, enjoy yourself, tease some men and have lots of fun.”  
 
“Yes, lots of men and lots of fun.”

“Good for you girl. Right, the first thing that I need to do is get lots of measurements. I take most women into the back room to measure and fit them but I’m guessing that you will be okay with doing it right here in the shop. Am I right?”

“I err; yes, why not.”

“Good, I like brave girls. Take your clothes off; everything, shoes as well. It’s part of my job to help you get used to displaying your body and what better way that starting nude in the middle of the shop.”

“But people will be able to see in and see me.”

“Exactly my dear; now come on, everything off.”

I looked around, saw no one then reached for the hem of my dress. It was off on seconds and I was left wearing just my heels.

“Good girl; and good girl for no underwear. Now get those shoes off and keep those hands by your sides.”

“Gawd,” I thought, “this is like being back as school.” as I stood there hoping, and not hoping that someone was looking into the shop.

“What’s this?” Celeste asked as she tugged on my sparse, blonde pubic hair. “You have got to get rid of this. No self-respecting girl has any of this these days. Hang on a minute.”

I just stood there, in the middle of the shop, stark naked for a few minutes before Celeste returned and I wondered if she was going to come back with some scissors and a razor. 

“Right, I’ve made an appointment for you to go and get that lot permanently removed later this morning. I’ll give you the details later. Now, stand up straight and let me get my job done.”

I stood there as I was commanded to lift my arms in all directions and spread my legs as she poked the end of a tape into my pussy. I gasped when she did that and then she ran a finger along my little slit.

“Enjoying this are you Georgia? You mother used to love it too.”

Unfortunately she stopped and her hands moved down my thighs and measured them.

“What are you doing with your hair for the ball?” Celeste asked.

“I haven’t really thought about that yet.” I replied.

“I know a good hairdresser and I’m sure that I can get her to fit you in on Saturday if you like.”

“Thank you Celeste; that would be nice.”

Celeste wet away and came back a few minutes later.

“Sorted, I’ve left the appointment details on a card with your phone.”

“Thank you Celeste, I would have been panicking on Saturday.”


All the time that she was measuring me, and while she left me to go and do things,  I was stood looking out of the shop front, hoping and not hoping that someone would look in and see me. If they did they never let on.


Finally finished Celeste said,

“Okay Georgia, I was thinking about something long and black with splits up the side. For the top I was thinking a backless halter, not too tight fitting so that when you bend forwards anyone who cares to look can see those cute little tits.”

“Hmm, sounds good Celeste; but can you get it made before Saturday?”

“Sure, no problem; come back tomorrow afternoon for a fitting then send your Driver to pick it up on Saturday morning.”

“Oh, how high will the splits be?”

“Waist high so you won’t be able to wear anything underneath it.”

I smiled then Celeste turned and walked over to the sales counter. She picked a card up then turned to come back over to me.

“You can get dressed now Georgia. That’s if you want to. I’m sure that no one would complain if you walked around like that all day.”

I blushed a little then picked up my dress and slipped it on. Celeste handed me the card and said,

“Get your Driver to take you to this address, they’re expecting you.”


I walked out of the shop then remembered that I had to phone James to get him to pick me up. It only took a couple of minutes for him to arrive and as I waited I felt the gentle breeze on my wet pussy and wondered if any of the people around had seen me naked.


James jumped out of the car and ran around to open the door for me. I again rewarded him by stepping in one leg at a time and giving him a good, long look at my pussy.

We started talking almost as soon as the car was moving.

“That Celeste told me to get all my pubic hair shaved off. What do you think James?” I said as I pulled the front of my dress up so that we could both see my pubes.

“I agree; there’s nothing worse than getting a girl’s pubic hair stuck between your teeth or in the back of your throat.”

“Speaking from experience are you James?” I asked, letting my dress drop down again.

“Yes.”

“Are you good at it James?”

“Good at what Georgia?”

“Eating pussy.”

“Yes.”

“You’ll have to show me James.”

“I’m ready when you are girl.”

“Later, I’d hate for you to get something stuck in your throat.”

“I can get something stuck in your throat Georgia, but it will be a lot bigger than a hair.”

“Later James, later,”

“Promise?”

“I promise. There are lots of things that I want to try for the first time and I’m hoping that you can help me.”

“I will be extremely happy to help you madam.”  


The address that we were going to wasn’t that far away and we quickly got there. James was a ‘gentleman’ again and I again rewarded him with a long look at my pussy when he opened the door for me.

The beautician was really nice and explained what she was going to do and how long it would take. When I got undressed she told me that it would take a little longer as she would have to shave me first, but then told me that it made the second part easier because she would know exactly where hair was growing.

Wow, I thought that a shave would be just around my pubis and vulva but she shaved me everywhere, including between my butt cheeks. The positions that she got me to hold while she worked were unbelievable. 

As she worked on my whole pussy area, armpits and legs she kept telling me that I was lucky because there was very little hair to start off with.

That laser gun thing was funny, lots of little sharp pains but it didn’t really hurt. As she did around my clit and lips I found that I got quite excited and was a little embarrassed about how wet I became. She told me not to worry because a lot of het patients actually orgasmed during the procedure. I didn’t, but I got soo close.

When it was all over I stood up and felt around my pussy and was amazed at how smooth it all felt.

It was only then that I realised that all this would cost money. When I asked how much I owed them she just shrugged and told me that it was all taken care of. I made a mental note to ask Celeste about money when I went back the next day.


The gentle breeze outside really made my pussy tingle. I may not have had much pubic hair before but being bald really made me sensitive to that breeze. As I waited for James I opened my legs and let the breeze pleasure me.


James really smiled when I treated him to a look when he opened the door for me.

“That’s so much better Georgia.” He said when he got back into the driver’s seat.

“So does that mean that you’ll eat me out James?”

“Not whilst I’m driving.”

“No silly, when we get back home.”

“It will be my pleasure madam.” 


When the car stopped outside daddy’s house, James came round and opened the door again. This time though, I had taken my dress off as he walked around the car. He opened the door to a naked me.

As soon as I was on my feet on the gravel I was lifted up in the air and carried onto the grass and put down on my back. I spread my legs as wide as I could as a grinning James stood and looked down at me.

He didn’t stay standing for long and I quickly learnt how nice it is for a man to eat my pussy. Gawd that man is good with his tongue. He made me cum twice within 5 minutes.

“Time for you to return the complement.” James said as he got to his feet and started un-fastening his trousers.

“I’ve never done that before.” I finally said.

“I’ll teach you Georgia.” 

And he did. Even to the extent of looking up at him with my mouth open waiting to accept his gift to me as he finished himself off. I’d heard about the taste of men’s cum and wasn’t surprised to find that what those girls at school had said was right; it wasn’t at all bad, in fact I quite like it.

James then taught me to scoop-up what had missed my mouth with my tongue and fingers and then to show it to him before swallowing it.

“Can I have some more please?” I asked.

“Not right now, you need to suck me to get me hard again then I’m going to take your virginity.”

“No, no you can’t, I only started taking the pill yesterday.” 

“Don’t worry Georgia, I used to be a boy scout; always prepared.”

He reached down into his trouser pocket and pulled out a condom. Then he told me to suck him hard again. That didn’t take long then he showed me how to put a condom onto his cock.

When he was ready he asked me how I wanted it. I told him that I didn’t know so he told me to get on my hands and knees and he rammed his cock into me doggy style.

I screamed at the initial pain but as he kept thrusting into me the pain disappeared and pleasure took over. 

I came twice before he filled the condom and slowly went soft.


When we were both able to talk I said,

“Thank you James, I’ve dreamt about that moment for years but I never imagined that it would be on the grass outside daddy’s house. Wow, I wonder what he would say if he knew.”

“No Georgia, thank you. Taking a young girl’s virginity is always a wonderful thing.”

“So you’ve taken other girl’s virginities have you?”

“One or two.”

“Well you’re good at it. I will remember this day for the rest of my life.”

“A fond memory I hope.”

“Most definitely, and it’s one that I intend to repeat at least a dozen times before the end of next week. Oh, and can you teach me how to deep-throat please? I’ve heard about it and it sounds like fun.”

“Gladly young lady. When would you like your first lesson?”

“I’ll call you. Right now I’m going for a swim; want to join me?”

“No, thank you, maybe another time. You go and enjoy yourself before your father comes home.”

I walked into the house totally naked and with my dress over my shoulder.


As soon as I got to my room I got my phone out and text Charlotte: -

‘Hi Char, jst got fucked 4 d 1st tym. Got eaten out t% & gave a blowjob. Also my puC iz nw az (:-) az bald as it wz 10 years ago.’

‘Wow 3:o) you’ve Bin BY. Do U fEl NE different?’

‘A bit sore & a lot happy.’

‘I bet.’


I was just thinking about going for a swim when I heard daddy arrive. I put a dress on as I ran downstairs and jumped up and hugged him.

“I love you daddy.”

“And I love you too Georgia.” Daddy said and un-wrapped my arms and legs from round him. I giggled and wondered if he could tell that I was now a true woman.

“Do you want to go out for dinner tonight sweet-pea?”

“Not really daddy, I’ve had a busy day and I’m a bit tired.”

“Okay, I’ll order something, Chinese okay for you? Oh, did you go and see that seamstress?”

“Yes daddy and I’ve ordered a dress for Saturday. I hope that you’ll like it. If I like it I think that I’ll order some more clothes, she seems to know what I like, she says that I’m like mommy.”

“You are dear, you are.”


We ate and then I cuddled up to him to watch a movie. He put his arm round me and his hand rested just below my tit. I tried moving around a bit to see if his hand would move to my tit but it didn’t. 

When I went to bed I left my door wide open and lay on my back on top of the covers. I didn’t hear daddy coming upstairs because I fell asleep quit quickly.


I woke early, still on my back. Thinking about daddy, I spread my legs wide and pretended to be asleep. I lay there thinking about my pussy and sex.

My heart started pounding as I heard daddy walking about. His steps got closer and then stopped. I was sure that he was in my room and looking at my naked body and I was sure that I could hear him breathing. After what seemed like a lifetime I heard a knocking on my open door.

“Georgia, it’s time to get up.”

I slowly stirred and without looking over to my door I said,

“What, oh, okay daddy. Give me a couple of minutes and I’ll be down.”    

Jumping up and out of bed I turned and saw daddy, still at my door and staring at my naked body.

“Sleeping in the buff now are you Georgia?”

“Oh, yes, not a problem is it?”

“No, no. You’re an adult now so it’s your decision.”

Daddy was still staring at me so I stood in front of him and said,

“Daddy, you need to get yourself a girlfriend. You must be lonely.”

“Well yes, but it’s not as easy as you think; besides, you’re here now, you bring the place to life.”

“Not the same daddy; not the same.”
 
I stepped aside and went to the bathroom.


As I showered I thought about not getting dressed and going down to breakfast naked but I decided against it and put a skirt and top on. The skirt was a little stretch one that only just covers my little butt. 

I also had a good look at my pussy before I went downstairs. The soreness had gone and I looked to see if it was any different now that I was a proper woman. It wasn’t.


When daddy drove off I took the skirt and top off and went outside and wandered around. I decided that I like being naked outside, without, and with people looking at me. 

I wandered all around the gardens, front and back. There’s no houses overlooking daddy’s property but I could get quite close to the main road and all the cars whizzing passed. None of them stopped or honked their horns so I guessed that no one saw me.


When I heard Mrs. Jones arriving I put the skirt and top back on and went to greet her. I wanted to know if daddy had ever brought a woman back there since mummy. Mrs. Jones told me that she’d never seen one, nor seen any evidence of one. 


Leaving her to get on with her job I went to my room and checked-out some clothes websites. I wanted some more skimpy clothes, some lingerie to try to tempt daddy into taking me. I ordered a silk teddy, special delivery so that it would arrive the next day. 

Then I phoned James and told him to collect me an hour after Mrs. Jones was due to leave. I didn’t want her to see me leave. I had a plan but I wasn’t sure that I was brave enough to go through with it. I needed something to build my courage.

Alcohol was out of the question so I opened one of my new vibrators and teased my pussy until just before the point of no return; then I stopped.

I did that 3 times before Mrs. Jones left and James arrived. Then I walked out to the car totally naked and carrying nothing other than my phone.

James smiled, said nothing and opened the door for me. When I paused with one leg in and the other out of the car, James said,

“Wow girl, it looks like you’ve just been fucked.”

“Nope, that comes later. You’ve got some more teaching to do James. I hope that you’ve got lots of condoms with you, you’re going to need them.”

“Looking forward to it madam.”

I lifted my outside foot into the car and James shut the door.

“Are you really going into town dressed like that Georgia?”

“We’re only going to one place and you can drop me off right outside the door, so yes; I am.”


James had a grin on his face for all of the journey and I could see the bulge in his trousers as we talked about what he was going to do to me later.


The car pulled up outside the shop and I took a deep breath before telling James that I was ready. He came round to my side of the car and opened the door. Forgetting to give him a flash of my pussy, I quickly got out and standing between him and the car I looked up at his face.

“Remember Georgia, walk and act as if it’s perfectly normal to be naked. Most people see what they are expecting to see and a naked girl will register in their brain as a clothed girl. Now go and get ‘em girl.” James said.

I took another deep breath and with nothing but my phone in my hand, I stepped away, turned to face the shop and started walking. It was only a few metres but it felt much longer. My brain was racing thinking about getting caught, getting arrested, people seeing me, the shop door being locked, how much my pussy and nipples were throbbing and how wet my pussy was.  

I reached the door and thankfully, it opened when I turned the knob.

Then I got a shock and seriously considered turning and running back to the car. I did look back, but the car was moving off. You see, I’d never even considered the possibility of there being other people in the shop, and there they were, 2 couples, all looking to be in their mid-twenties; and all were looking at me.

I wanted to die but at the same time my pussy was telling me that I was loving being seen by these strangers.

Thankfully, Celeste broke the silence,

“Good morning Georgia, come on in. Don’t be shy; we’ve all seen a naked girl before. I’m just finishing making the final adjustments to this lady’s dress then I will be with you.”

“Naked girl.” I thought, “I’m not just naked, I’m bald as well. Oh gawd, what am I going to do?”

“Have a look around and see if there’s anything that you like.” Celeste said.
 
My brain got over the shock of the situation and took in more details of the other people. One of the girls was stood on a little pedestal in the middle of the room. She was wearing an un-finished dress that Celeste was obviously pinning a few adjustments to. The other 3 people were nearby and had obviously been watching Celeste work.

Resisting the urge to put my hands over my pussy and little tits, ‘that’s a childish thing to do’ I told myself, I looked around the shop, then back to the 2 couples who were still staring at me. Realising that my options were very limited, I forced a smile then, looking directly into the face of one of the men, I said,

“Hi, okay Celeste, no problem, take your time, I’ll just look around.”

Not that I had any choice, but I was feeling proud of myself; I could have run, I could have apologised, I could have dashed behind one of the racks; but no, even managing to keep my hands by my sides I found the courage to just stand there letting those people take in all the details of my nudity; not only those people but anyone who was passing outside the shop. 

I felt good; and aroused.  

I turned and started browsing the racks, not really looking in any detail. Getting close to where Celeste was working, and opposite the 3 people watching both Celeste and me, I just stood there and watched.

I caught the eye of one of the men watching and he said,

“Have you come for a fitting as well?”

“Yes.” I replied.

“Well you’ve certainly come prepared for it.” The watching girl said.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend anyone.” I replied.

“Hell girl,” the other man said, “we’re not offended, but do your parents know that you’re here like that?”

I closed my eyes for a second and thought,

“Not again. Mind you, by bald pussy does make me look even younger.”

“No need.” I said, “I’m 18, I can do whatever I like.”

“Wow, you don’t look 18.” Man 1 said.

Celeste interjected and said,

“I’m glad to see that you got all that ugly hair removed Georgia.”

“I’m glad that you told me to Celeste; I feel so much more naked, it’s nice, sensual and arousing.”

“My gawd, had I just said that in front of those strangers?” I thought.

“Yes,” man 2 said, “you do look very young, very naked and like you’re about to cum.”

“Ben, stop it, you can’t say that to a girl.” The waiting girl said.

My courage was holding and I replied,

“No, no, it’s all right, it is very arousing being like this. I mean, I’m stood in front of 4 strangers and close to the shop windows. Anyone could see me. What girl wouldn’t be aroused?”

Just then Celeste said,

“Right Eleanor, all done, I need to carefully get the dress off you; don’t move.”

We all watched as Celeste went behind Eleanor and unzipped the dress. Then she slowly lowered it to the floor revealing a very naked Eleanor.

“You’re right Georgia,” Eleanor said, “it is quite arousing being naked in a situation like this, even though these 3 have seen me naked many times.”

Celeste must have been in a naughty mood because she reached over to Eleanor’s pussy and ran a finger along it. Eleanor shuddered and moaned.

“Want more?” Celeste asked.

“Not this time Celeste, you’ve got another client waiting.”

“It’s okay,” I said, “I’m in no rush.”

“No, it’s okay, maybe when I come to pick up the dress.”

“Can I come with you Eleanor?” the man in the other couple said and got a thump from his partner.

Eleanor stepped off the little pedestal and her partner passed her what I guessed was the dress that she arrived in. We all watched as she stepped in to it without putting any underwear on.

Then the 2 men turned back to me.

“I guess that it’s your turn to be the centre of attraction Georgia.” One of them said. “You may as well get up there and be the star.”

By that time Celeste had picked up the dress and was carrying it to a back room so I smiled and stepped over to the pedestal. Putting one foot on the edge I transferred my weight to that foot and promptly sent both the pedestal and me flying. 

I ended up flat on my face, legs and arms spread wide.

My clumsiness made me more embarrassed than my nudity and I lay there for a second as I heard gasps from behind me. After a few seconds I started to get up and pushed myself onto my hands and knees and then shook my head from side to side, clearing my head. It was only then that I thought about me being on my hands and knees with my butt to the 4 people. They must have had a great view of my butt and pussy. I quickly got up onto my feet. Turning to face them I said, 

“I can be such a klutz at times.”

“I should have told you about that thing.” Eleanor said.

“That’s okay,” I replied, “no harm done.”

Just then Celeste returned and looked around.

“What happened? Is everyone okay?”

“Relax Celeste;” I replied, “everyone is okay, I was just being a klutz.”

“Oh good, I was getting worried for a second, I don’t want to get sued or anything.”

“Some brakes on that thing might help.” One of the men said pointing to the pedestal.

“I’ll look into that idea, thank you.” Celeste said; then to Eleanor,

“Okay, everything is good; it will be ready by the morning.”

With that the 2 girls turned and walked to the door, both men took one more look at me before following the 2 girls.


“Sorry about the delay Georgia, now, oh yes, please can you step onto the pedestal while I go and get your dress.”
 
Celeste went off and I carefully got onto the pedestal and shuffled round so that I was facing the shop front. While I waited I watched people walk by and willed them to look inside. None did.


When Celeste came back she carefully spread my new dress and held it open for me to step into it. By that time she was down on her knees in front of me and, with me being stood on the pedestal, her face was directly in front of my pussy.

As I lifted one foot up she said,

“My my; you are excited Georgia.”

“I’m sorry, I can’t help it.”

“No no; don’t be sorry, it’s nice to see a young girl enjoying herself. You know, your mother used to get excited when she came here.”

“She came here naked?”

“No, but she used to love standing there like you are now. The street was busier then and she used to get a little audience while I fitted her dresses.”

“So that’s where I get it from.” I said.

“Probably Georgia. Sometimes she’d have an orgasm just standing there naked. You can stay standing there after I’ve finished this if you like. I have no more fittings this morning and I could do with someone to watch the shop while I get on with finishing these dresses.”

“Oh, I don’t know that I could do that, someone might see me.”

“Isn’t that why you came here naked Georgia?”

“I guess so. Maybe.”


The dress is amazing, even in its unfinished state I loved it. It’s so light that I could hardly feel it. It’s just like Celeste described it before she made it; a backless halter top with not a lot at the front; not that I have a lot to cover.

I gently leant forwards and yes, the material hung low and I could see my nipples. If I could then everyone else could.

Moving down to the skirt part, the waist is just a 2 cm band going around my waist with the 2, narrow halter parts attached to the top of it and the lengths of material to the bottom of it. There are 2 lengths of material below the waist, the first, and biggest one goes from one hip bone, round the back and to my other hip bone. The front length is much narrower and goes from about 2 cm from my hip bone to about 2 cm from my other hip bone. The only way that I could wear anything under it is if the waist band of the knickers was covered by the 2 cm band round my waist. Not that I intended to wear any knickers.

“When you walk my dear, this front panel will gape open if you are not careful. You may, or may not wish to hold it in place.”

“I won’t.” I heard myself say. 

As Celeste made numerous minor adjustments I imagined myself walking into the ballroom, dress gaping open and flowing behind me; and all eyes staring at me. My pussy started tingling.

 
When Celeste was done, she stood back then walked right around me.

“Two things that you might want me to change Georgia, firstly this waist band, it goes all the way round and is fastened with this little piece of velcro. I could put 2 big gold rings in it, one on each hip bone. And secondly, I could split this front panel right up the middle. That would mean more exposure but maybe this is enough for you.”

“No, no, those are great ideas, can you do them? Will it still be ready for Saturday?”

“Of course dear, now let’s get it off you and you can just stand there for a while. Oh, just one more thing that I want to check Georgia.” Celeste said then she walked behind me. 

Lifting my hair up I felt the 2 ends of the bow of the halter being slowly pulled then the next thing that I knew was that the dress was puddled on the floor around my feet. I giggled and Celeste said,

“Excellent, the boys will love that.”

“So will I.” I thought.   

I lifted first one foot then the other and Celeste retrieved the dress. Celeste walked out of the room leaving me stood there on the pedestal totally naked.

“Let me know when you are leaving Georgia.” I heard Celeste say before a door shut.


I looked around then out the front of the shop. No one was looking in at me. I felt awkward for a few seconds, then a bit naughty. My hands moved up to my tits, squeezed them then pulled, twisted and tweaked my nipples. If I was on display I wanted my nipples to look at their best, even if no one was looking.

After a minute or so I felt even naughtier and my right hand slid down my front to my pussy. As I slid a finger between my lips I slid my feet as far apart as the pedestal would allow and found my clit. I slowly started rubbing.


I was just getting soo close when I heard the doorbell ring. Apart from moving my hand to my side, I froze. OMG, I’d been caught masturbating while naked in the middle of a shop in the middle of town. My heart started pounding.

“This is a cute little shop; hang on a minute dear while I have a look around.”

My heart slowed a little as I realised that they couldn’t have seen me masturbating, but what could I do, how could I get out of there. My phone was on the sales counter but even if I could call James it would take a while for him to get there.

I decided to just stay frozen and hope for the best.

My eyes turned to see the middle-aged couple splitting up. The woman went to some racks and the man looked around. Seeing me he walked over to me and stared.

“Geeze dear, these mannequins look so life-like these days. This one’s even got moisture between her legs.”

“Don’t be stupid Henry; it’s a mannequin of a kid. I don’t know why they’ve got that, all these clothes are for adult women.”

Henry gently pressed on my right nipple.

“Bloody hell, it’s warm and soft.” I heard him say.

Well he got it half right, it was warm but it was rock hard; so hard that it was hurting. I guess that he meant that my tit was soft.

Then Henry put his hand on my pussy and his fingers slid between my lips. I just felt a finger start to go inside me when I heard the woman say,

“Leave it alone Henry, you’ll get arrested for being a paedophile.”

“You’re the one that said it was a mannequin dear; I don’t think that molesting child mannequins would get me locked-up.”

With that Henry moved away and I breathed a sigh of relief.

I clenched my pussy as hard as I could until the couple left the shop then I let out let out a long, loud moan and started cumming.


Celeste was stood in front of me when I started to come down from my high.

“Enjoy that did you Georgia? I can arrange for more of that if you like. I go to these parties where girls give themselves to people to pleasure them.”

“Oh yes please;” I heard myself say, “but I’m going away on holiday at the end of next week. Can it wait until I get back?” 

“There’s a party happening next Tuesday if you’re interested, I’m sure that I can get you in.”

I thought for a while then said,

“Can I let you know on tomorrow when I collect the dress?”

“Sure; no problem. Now, do you want to stay standing there or is there somewhere else where you want to go and exhibit that cute little body of yours.”

“I don’t know about that but maybe it would be a good idea for me to leave; I think that I’ve had enough of being molested by strangers for one day.”

“Are you sure about that Georgia? You do appear to like it. Your mother did too.”

“My Mother got molested by strangers in this shop?”

“And she orgasmed just like you did.”

“Wow, did daddy know?”

“I can’t answer that one, she never mentioned him; maybe you should ask him.”

“Then I’d have to tell him what I just did.”

“And would that be a bad thing?”

“I don’t know, I’m not sure how he’d take it.”

“Only one way to find out girl. But I’m sure that he’ll still love you after you’ve told him. How can anyone not love a little bundle of happiness like you?”

“Thank you Celeste, I think that I’ll phone my driver now.”

“Are you going to wait outside for him or on that pedestal?”

“Decision, decisions; inside I think then I’ll run out when I see the car.”

“Coward.”

“Maybe next time.”


I phoned James and then went and stood on the pedestal again. Hoping and not hoping that some more people would come in.

They didn’t and when I saw the car I shouted ‘bye’ and ran for it. I was a bit too quick for James and I had to stand in the road for a few seconds whilst he came round and opened the door. One car tooted at me.


As we drove off I turned to James and said,

“That was fun, now take me somewhere and fuck my brains out. Oh, and I want my first lesson in deep throating, I think that I’m going to need it.”


He did and he did and he did. The place he took me to was out in the country in a quiet little carpark at the side of a road going through some woods. He took me just into a wooded area and fucked me in a little grassy clearing. At first it was glorious as he ate my pussy and then fucked me. The lesson in throat fucking wasn’t so nice to start off with. The gagging and learning to control it was hard and tiring but James helped me and taught me when to relax and when to breathe.

It was when his cock was deep in my throat that he told me that we had a little audience, and had had one ever since we got there. When I was able, I looked around but couldn’t see anyone. Then I looked up at James and said,

“I want to go; I don’t like people watching me.”

“Who are you trying to kid. You love every seconds of it; you get off on being watched.”

He was right of course. I’d quickly realised over the last couple of days that I DO like being watched when I’m naked, and having some form of sex. It really does make me horny.

I looked up at him again then devoured his cock again. James responded by pulling my head onto him so that I’d got all of his cock was inside my mouth and throat.

He did that 3 or 4 more times then lifted my head off him.

“Stand up Georgia.” James commanded.

I did. 

“Now go and stand in front of that log and bend over it.”

I did.

“Spread your legs.”

I did, and was expecting him to fuck me again. Instead he came round in front of me and got me to suck his cock again. As I was doing that I felt hands on my butt.

At first I thought that James had bent over and it was his hands, but when I looked up James was stood up straight. I had a little panic but James was watching and as he held my head on his cock I heard him tell me to relax.

As my head bobbed up and down a hand started finger-fucking me with another  hand rubbed my clit. I was in heaven and before long I was cumming hard.

James had let go of my head when I had calmed down and I stood up to see who the hands belonged to but there was no one there.

“Who just finger-fucked me?” I asked.

“No one.” James replied.

“Come on, who was it?”

“No one.”

I asked him again 2 more times but he kept telling me that there was no one else there. Even when I said that he had said that we had a little audience he still said that we were alone.

I was starting to maybe believe him and believe that I had imagined it all when a middle-aged man came along a path and gave James the thumbs-up sign.

I turned to James and called him a bastard but he still denied that there had been anyone else touching me. He said that the other man had just been watching us.

I still wasn’t 100% sure that I’d been finger-fucked by someone else when we went back to the car. We got some funny looks from an old couple sat in their car eating something. I just smiled at them.


Just as we got back to daddy’s house James admitted that the man that I’d seen had been finger-fucking me. I called him a bastard, then thanked him and told him to pick me up at 10 o’clock in the morning.


It was still the middle of the afternoon so I went and had a swim. Just as I was getting out, Tommy, Mrs. Jones son arrived.

“Oh sorry,” he said, “I didn’t know that there was anyone here.”

“That’s okay.” I replied, “I was just leaving. You’re Tommy aren’t you?” I asked, standing there with my hands by my sides.

“You’re naked.”

“Yes.” I replied and realised that I was getting comfortable being naked around clothed people.

“Do you remember me from year 6 Tommy.”

“Oh yes, I remember you, you left and went to some boarding school. You’re a lot prettier now Georgia.”

“Thank you Tommy.” I said and saw Tommy’s eyes go up and down my body.

“Well I’ve got to go now Tommy, you enjoy yourself in the pool. Maybe I’ll see you again before I go on holiday.”

I walked off leaving poor Tommy just stood there watching me go.


I’d just finished drying my hair when I heard daddy arrive home to I put one of my new tank tops, a tight fitting one. I looked at myself in the mirror then tweaked and pulled my nipples so that they got hard. I was just about to get a skirt out to put on when I decided not to bother. Being so small a lot of my tops are long enough to cover my butt and pussy anyway. I decided to wear the top as a dress.

As I walked down the stairs the tight top / dress worked its way up and exposed my slit and half of my butt.

“Sod it.” I thought and went to find daddy. He was in the kitchen putting some takeaway in the oven so I went and hugged him. As I stretched up to put my arms around his neck I felt the top / dress ride up even further.

After the hug daddy stepped back and looked at me.

“Forget to put a skirt on did you Georgia?”

I pulled the top down so that my pussy was covered and said,

“No, I’m wearing this as a dress, it’s long enough.”

“Not when you’re moving your arms up and down.”

“Sorry daddy, I didn’t mean to embarrass you; you’re not upset with me are you?”

“I could never be upset with you Georgia, and no, you didn’t embarrass me, I’ve seen you naked hundreds of times when you were little, you used to run around without any clothes on right up until you started school; and your ‘new look’ down there reminds me of when you were little.”

“I’m glad that you’re not upset.” I replied then reached up to kiss him on his cheek. This time I didn’t pull my top down when I backed away. For the rest of the evening I was bottomless with daddy. I caught him looking at me a couple of time but neither of us said anything.


Daddy told me what the itinerary was for the time up until we flew out to the yacht: -

Tomorrow (Saturday) – The Ball.
Sunday – Daddy leaving to go to America.
Next Friday – Daddy gets back.
Next Saturday – Fly off to Ibiza (where the boat has been for the last 3 summers).

I made a mental note then added my own things to it.

We spent the rest of the evening watching a couple of movies and I cuddled up to daddy on the sofa. His arm was round me but it never went onto my tits or my butt. I made up for that a bit when I put the DVDs into the machine. I bent at the waist presenting my bare butt and pussy to him. He must have seen me but he didn’t say anything.


When I went to bed I again slept on the top of the bed, naked, and I left the door wide open. I knew that daddy would see me at least once because I’d asked him to wake me early because I had a lot of things to do before the ball.

