 The sign outside his shop said "Hair Styling Specialist" but to me Don was my barber and had been for at least a decade. He was short a little broad for his size and of swarthy appearance and we would chat about fishing, sport and often as not he would ply me with questions about using computers - a subject of which I can modestly claim to be a minor geek. Don would always take a lot more care with me that with others of doing little extra things and on many occasions while he was doing his stuff I would experience a faint stirring in the genital area. I am bi-sexual by nature and now at the ripe old age of 50 I find increasingly that my attraction for the male gender is outweighing my desire for the female gender. I'm comfortable with that - I don't go out of my way for sexual orgies or anything like that but when the occasion presents itself I'm happy to participate. I would classify myself as an affable passive horny guy content with my lot in life and happy to masturbate if nil else is available. 
Anyway, on this day as Don bustled around me doing my modest haircut he pressed against my elbow which was level with his fly and I was startled to feel that he had a massive erection. So startled in fact that I half gasped and sought his eye in the mirror. He instantly got a hang dog expression.
"I'm so sorry", he said quietly hands frozen above my head.
"Don't apologize - it happens and I loved it" I grinned at him.
From there on his breathing got a little heavier and by the time he'd finished with me both my arms on either side had a quite prolonged feels of his hard-on as he pressed against me. And, of course I could feel the old familiar lusting itch in my genitals as my cock responded to his touchings. When he'd finished, I paid him, and gave him my card.
"Give us a ring Don and maybe you might like to come and have a drink with me next Saturday afternoon.
"What a good idea - I'd love to", he said, and that was what caused my doorbell to ring on that particular Saturday. 
I invited him in, sat him down and mixed us a scotch and looked at him.
"What is it about me that gives you an erection Don?".
"I'm not gay - bi actually and not very good at it obviously - but there's always been something about you that gets me that way".
"Well we'll find out about that before you leave because I'm also that way inclined", I grinned at him.
We finished our drinks and I led him into the bedroom and we sat alongside each other on the bed. I reached out my hand and placed it on his fly and sure enough there was the erection again. He swiftly reached down and unzipped laid back on his elbows and then I had his cock in my hand.
"I'm new at this", he gasped and groaned as I held and inspected his pride and joy.
It was the sort of cock I wish I had although not as big as my cock, it was a nice throbbing handful and, to my joy he, was uncut. His straining erection had pushed the foreskin halfback over the shiny pink head and as I caressed it he half moaned and at that point all conversation ceased between us.
I reached over and took his cock into my mouth revelling in the taste and sexual odor of him,and after giving it a thorough tonguing I stood up and motioned for us to undress. Clothes flew in all directions and within seconds we were naked and cuddling up close to each other on the bed. Our mouths found each other we tongued passionately. He gave some more throaty moans as our bodies writhed against each other and our hard erections ground into each other. 
I felt the stickiness of pre cum oozing from my cock and the wetness of Dons cock similarly, and then without conscious thought I rolled on top of him and he moaned again and spread his legs wide and lifted his arse off the bed and my stabbing cock found his bum crack. I reached down and pressed into him searching for his hole and he obligingly wriggled until my cock was pressing at him smearing sticky pre cum onto his freckle. Without thought I pressed and held hard against him and very slowly I felt the give of his sphincter. I pulled back a little and pushed again and this time I felt my cock head open him a little more. in our boiling lust there was no thought of any stop for lubricating his hole and with jism still pouring out of me I repeatedly stabbed against his bum hole. On each push he opened further and finally I felt his sphincter trap my cock head, as he gasped with what must have been a flash of pain. Hissing and kissing passionately I felt Don open more and slowly my cock entered another inch sliding on the small amount of sticky pre cum leaking from me.
We rested for a full 30 seconds in that position, both of us panting and then I pulled back a little and then very gently pushed into him again.
"Oh my lord", he gasped and wriggled a little to make himself comfortable and his hot hole opened before me as with tiny pushes in and out my dick slowly worked it's way up into him. His ring muscle gripped me with all round pressure and I gloried in the feeling of capturing his body on my cock and finally I was hard up into him and again we rested, our tongues loving each other as our mouths added joy to the beginning of this anal coupling.
I wriggled hard against him, "here we go Don", I said as I reached down and lifted his bottom up a  fraction more off the bed and another gasp as my cock finally entered the final inch,  hard up into his warm clinging hole.
At this stage the mix of my pre cum, and the natural lubricant in his anal passage had apparently combined enough, because I was pleasantly surprised to find him quite slippery as I withdrew my cock for the first little push. His sphincter gripped firmly around my throbbing excited cock and again I revelled in the heat coming from his passage. As I slowly pulled out a small amount he said "aw aw - that's beautiful" and then he gasped with delight as I slid gently home and then hard into him holding him tightly against me with both hands on his hips. Another deeper withdrawal and an "oh oooooo" escaped him as I pulled almost all the way out of him and more quickly this time, and then hard into him. Then I felt him respond as he panting now moved with me and we started to fuck together. Ecstatically  we moved together into a rhythm and only the our combined sighs and the steady squeak of the bed broke the silence as an orgasmic storm gathered in me. 
My pulsing dick started sending it's message that I was about to come big. "About to cum", I gasped and within seconds I pushed hard against the cheeks of his arse and held him tight against me as I injected jets of cum into his wriggling trembling body. "Oh Oh Oh me too", he moaned, and then I felt his eruption against my belly as warm spurts of sperm gushed out of his hard cock, and I groaned along with him and pushed harder into him as the waves of ecstasy washed over us.
We stayed clinging hard gainst each other until the afterglow faded slowly away leaving me with such an intense feeling of pleasure that I sought his mouth to kiss again and we held that pose as my cock now waning started to slide down out of his hot slipperiness. Gently I pulled back and  my cock reluctantly came out with a sticky click.
A handful of tissues onto his now reddened hole and some around my cock to wipe off the jism as we lay there still savouring our union.
I reached over and took his nipple into my mouth and swirled my tongue over it, gave it a quick sucking kiss. "So Don do we now have an ongoing thing", I asked and he smiled and said "that was absolutely glorious - thank you - and yes - you can expect your phone to ring on a regular basis from now on" Whereupon he pressed his face against my belly and gave me a quivery love bite just below the belly button.
"How do you feel about me doing to you", he asked. My bum twitched at the thought of his uncut member pushing into me. "Love to - now if you want" I said and pushed him away, got on my back and grabbing the back of my knees lifted my bum off the bed. Eagerly he straddled me and holding his slack wet dick he waved it up an down my bum crack wetting it and I itched to have him in me. But it was not to be - despite his obvious desire his pride and joy refused to rise so we laughingly disengaged with a promise of next time. 
After we showered and as he was leaving I grinned at him and said "do my haircuts come free now?". "Shit no" he grinned back - "business is business - pleasure is pleasure". With that and both of us laughing, my now steady root drove off in his car.
 
 
  
  