He sleeps for another hour, peaceful and dreamless, until his cell phone jerks him out of it. "Shit," He says, peeling himself away from Martha and her cozy warmth. He fumbles for his jeans where he dropped them beside the bed the night before.

The screen is flashing Erin and, unlike the night before, he feels now that he has to answer it.

"Hey," he says, voice low to try and not wake Martha if she is still asleep.

Martha hums and falls into the spot John had just been in, snuffling into the pillow and sighing. She curls her blankets tighter around herself as she slips deeper into sleep.

He glances over at Martha and then gets up, walking naked into her living room. Baloo is slurping water out of a half-full bowl and gives John an exceedingly disinterested glance.

"John, where are you? I tried to call you last night." Erin says, sounding not exactly hurt but definitely confused.

"Sorry, I went to the bookstore and... got caught up with things. You know how that goes."

"Oh. Thank God," Erin says, laughing. "I had all sorts of horrible visions in my head of you in a ditch somewhere..."

He smiles. She is not exactly a mother hen but she does care for him and he cannot really fault her for that. If he went two days without hearing from her, he would be worried too. He almost expects her to make more of it but for some reason she refrains.

Instead, she says, "How does lunch sound? I can come pick you up in an hour or so."

"Uh, I told D I would help him study for that physics exam he has coming up. You know how bad he does with that kind of stuff." John says. "But... dinner?"

"That sounds fine-"

"Okay, call you later." John says, and hangs up quickly.

It doesn't take long before Martha notices that something is missing and wakes up. She frowns when she notices John is no longer in bed with her, though the bed is still warm.

Wrapping the duvet around herself (despite the fact that John has seen most of her body at work), she pads into the living room, hair a mess and all disheveled as she notices John by the large bay window.

Martha walks in just as he is hanging up the phone. He sees her and grins, walking over to her and wrapping his arms around her over the duvet she is clutching to her body. "Aw, getting all shy on me?"

Poking her tongue at him and drops the duvet just a bit to show of a shoulder and just a bit of a the top of her breast before covering it again. Yawning widely she leans in to him, tucking her head on his shoulder.

"Get hungry?" She asks, gnawing a bit on his shoulder. "There's a small cafe just downstairs, I can run and get us something to eat. We can eat outside on my porch."

"That sounds perfect." He says, and playfully gnaws back at her until she giggles and jerks away from him.

"Animal," she teases, shoving at him playfully, grinning widely at him before wrapping her arms around his neck. Nudging her nose behind his ear, she begins nibbling down his jawline as she lets the duvet drop onto the floor.

He immediately growls and grabs her ass, because what else is he supposed to do when she is standing naked in front of him?

Giggling, she shakes her hips back and forth in his hands feeling incredibly flirtatious and girly with John now, just as she always does with him.

"Oh, now you're just being a tease." He slaps her lightly. "Go get us some food, woman."

He pauses and rethinks that. "Though, you might wanna put some clothes on first."

"Mm, Diego gives me free food if I give him a free show," she teases, biting her bottom lip and giving him a look before slipping into her bedroom.

"Maybe I need to go have a visit with Diego," He says in a growly sort of voice. It just sort of slips out - the kind of thing he would say to Erin without a second thought.

"Oh yeah?" She piques, her head poking out from the doorway. She's fighting not to smirk and has to bite her bottom lip not to.

He shrugs, somewhat bashful now.

She grins and blows him a kiss and continues jerking on a t-shirt before stumbling out into the den.

"I'll be right back baby," she says, giving him a kiss. "Not long, and take a shower, you smell like sex," she adds as she heads out the door.

"So do you," he says, grinning. But he doesn't really mind. He's not ashamed to admit that he does reek a little bit more than she does.

Her shower feels nice and he spends more time in it than he means to.

Martha takes her time picking out pastries, looking at the different ones Diego has available, pointing to some bear claws and apple fritters and such.

"This is more than you usually get miss Martha," Diego comments, winking at her.

"So it is."

"You have a morning visitor Martha?"

"Oh I might..."

Diego ties the box of pastries up and hands it over with a wink. "Have fun."

He is just stepping out of the shower when he hears the front door open. He grins, rubbing the towel through his hair before using it to dry off his body.

Martha opens her old french doors, setting the box down on the table outside before slipping back into her apartment and into the bedroom.

She pauses when she sees John, his body taut and muscular and red-warm from the shower. There are a few lone drops of water clinging to his skin and she has to pause and blink for a minute to clear her thoughts.

John catches her watching and it makes him smirk. He is ridiculously proud of being able to make her do a double take. "See something you like?" He grins, not really taking himself or the look on her face seriously, and then continues drying himself off. He rubs the towel over his chest and down to mop up the water dripping down his legs.

"Mmmmaybe," she admits with a huge grin. Crooking her finger she urges him closer so she can swipe her tongue across his shoulder. "Mmm yummy."

The yummy comment reminds him of food, and he is hungry. He grins at her and pulls away, going back into the bedroom to find his pants and t-shirt from the night before so he won't give all of her neighbors a free show when he walks outside with her.

Pouting, she waits for him to get decent (sadly) and then follows him on to the balcony porch. Baloo lies in between the doorway as Martha makes herself comfy in the chair in the sun, popping the lid of the box open and inhaling the sugary sweetness.

He settles onto the chair beside her and reaches over, eyeing the contents of that box. "Which ones do you like?"

"All of them," she replies honestly. She doesn't think John has had a chance to see how large her appetite can really be.

He rolls his eyes, not quite believing her. "Fine. Mind if I take the bear claw?"

She nods solemnly before grabbing a cinnamon twist and breaking into it, tearing the dough and munching happily on it. "Mm, warm morning, doughy pastry, good sex. This is a going to be a great day."

He's only taken two bites of his bear claw and while it is delicious, her cinnamon twist looks pretty good, too. He nudges at her pink, fuzzy slipper clad foot and nods to her pastry. "Trade you?"

Looking down at her twist and over at his bear claw, her brow furrows. She likes her twist.

"Okay..." she says after a moment, handing it over and taking his bear claw from him.

He bites into the cinnamon twist. "Damn, these are good."

"Duh," Martha mumbles in between her finished bear claw before she reaches in for a raspberry swirl. Licking her fingers, she starts in on it, nomming out loud to herself as she eats.

He snickers at her, earning himself a glare. "What?" He reaches over and wipes at a smear of raspberry on the corner of her mouth. "You're cute."

Instead of laughing, Martha actually breaks into a soft, wide smile, her eyes shining at John.

"You know, I think I may keep you."

That sets in motion the sinking, sick feeling that John knew would eventually catch up with him.

He thinks about earlier, talking to Erin on the phone. He hadn't even told her he loved her, their typical way of ending a phone conversation. Then again, she hadn't said it either.

He tries to smile at Martha and make the effort at casualness, saying "That so?"

Martha can tell how John is faking his moderated cheerfulness and she bites her bottom lip, a bit worried. True they hadn't done much in the way of talking other than the normal moans and screaming of each others names but Martha had assumed this was beyond just John's desire to bang a stripper.

Though, she had run across quite a few of them in her time.

She looks down at her plate, tearing up a sweet roll into smaller bites before she speaks. "You're not for keeps are you John?" She's squinting as she looks up at his face, shading her eyes as she's looking up directly into sunlight.

He winces and looks away from her. "It's complicated. And I know you probably hear that a lot, but... just... trust me. This, me and you? Isn't something I've ever done before. I just need a few days to figure out what's going on here."

Its the truth and she can tell that, if nothing else she is glad he's being honest with her. She nods slowly, picking up a bit of her sweet roll and eating it. "Well, whatever decision you come to, I've enjoyed our time together Johnny."

"Me, too. You are... you're something else. Amazing." He clarifies, in case she hadn't quite understood the compliment.

He reaches over and picks up her hand. He wants to recapture the fun of the morning up to the last thirty seconds, so he goes with his instinct. Her fingers are slightly sticky from the sugary coating on the pastries, so he holds up her hand for inspection and then promptly licks her fingertips.

Martha can't help snorting, curling her fingers in his mouth, letting him lick the sticky sweetness away from them.

The reasons for John's difficult situation could be many but she promptly pushes away thoughts of what they might be and lets him be a dork and tease her.

He kisses the tip of them and then lets her hand go so she can go back to eating. "So what are you doing today?"

"Not much. Probably cleaning the apartment or something," she stops when John's phone goes off, vibrating loudly between them.

"You going to answer that?"

He actually debates just saying no, but finally grabs his phone and looks at it. He immediately relaxes when he sees that it isn't Erin. "My roommate," he says to Martha, then thumbs the button to accept the call. "Hey, man, what's up? I'm kind of busy right now. Yeah, I'm... no, not with... uh, yeah, I'll probably head that way in about an hour." He glances at Martha. "Maybe two."

Martha doesn't ask who he's talking to or who he's not with; their rather quick, head long rush to bed yesterday has left them in an unusual situation. Also, Martha isn't sure she wants to know anyways.

"So, two hours then," her eyes flick back to the darkened interior of her apartment before she takes his hand and leads him back inside and to her bedroom again.

Two and a half hours later, John is standing in her doorway kissing her goodbye.

He's been kissing her goodbye for at least the past fifteen minutes, and if he has his way the goodbye kiss might actually lead back into the bedroom.

"Go on," Martha finally says, pulling back. "You promised to meet your roommate." She makes shooing motions with her hands, giving him a final peck on the cheek before closing the door and turning to her apartment, pushing thoughts of John from her head and focusing on cleaning.

Half an hour later, John walks into his dorm. D'argo is sprawled across his twin bed with a video game controller.

"Man! Where were you? Erin called me last night all upset because she couldn't get in touch with you. I didn't know what to tell her."

"It's cool, I talked to her. Just... uh... just don't tell her I stayed out all night if she mentions it again." John says, face turning red because, yeah, that's pretty transparent.

D'argo's jaw drops and he hits pause on the game. "You sly dog! What happened? Who was she? Tell me all the dirty details. I don't even care about the clean ones, just the dirty ones."

John can't help but grin. "Just some girl I met at a club."

D'argo raises an eyebrow at him, clearly wanting more than that.

"A dancer at a club." John says. D'argo is still not satisfied. "At a strip club."

D'argo throws his controller down and puts his hand up for John to high five. "Bangin' a stripper alright Johnny! Knew you had it in you in there somewhere," he high fives John and then heads over to their small refrigerator, pulling out a few beers.

"This calls for a celebratory beer my friend. And you can even have the good kind," he hands it over and clinks glasses with him.

"Now I know there has to be dirty details in this story. Come out with it."

John cracks open the beer. "Yeah, but, look. It's... different. She's... man, I don't even know. There's something about her that's got me all crazy in the head. Goddamn Will Robinson alarms goin' off and everything."

D'argo snorts and takes another deep drink of his beer. " 'course she's different man. She's a stripper. Probably knows how to move those hips huh?" He asks, his laugh getting louder at John's deep blush. He elbows John in the side and laughs harder.

"Probably got you all crazy thinking about pinning her against the wall and giving it to her. Come on, how was she?"

"Naw, it isn't that. I mean, yeah, that too, but she's... she's smart. Yesterday when I ran into her, she was at that little bookstore over on Pine Street, you know-" He stops, because D'argo won't know. He really isn't the bookstore type. "And we went and had coffee and she's... not what you'd expect a stripper to be."

He does realize that he is waxing poetic about a girl he's only known a few days, so he forces himself to shut up. D'argo is hi s best friend but he's still a guy and there are some things that John just doesn't confide in him about. D'argo's girlfriend Chiana would be much better at giving advice.

"Anyway, so I don't know what to do about Erin now."

D'argo shrugs, "Do what about Erin? Just don't tell her man, it'll be fine. I won't say anything, got your back dude." He slaps John's back lightly and tosses his beer into the trashcan, wondering if he should get another one or perhaps suggest going down to Crais' room. He's a little fucker, but he has nice beer.

John doesn't say anything else, because D is really not the person to go to for this. Instead he swallows back the rest of his beer and puts the bottle on his beside table, alongside three other empties from earlier in the week.

But even D'argo is able to catch the hesitant look on John's face. "What? What you thinking about man?" He stops his lazy search for his shoes to give John a deeper look.

"What you... you not thinking about dating the stripper are you?" He shakes his head as he walks over to John and slings an arm over his shoulder. "No man. You don't date girls like that. You have fun with them, bang 'em whatever, but you don't try to make a whore into a housewife, it doesn't work like that my man."

John just shrugs. He disagrees - wholeheartedly - but knows that D'argo won't see where he's coming from.

"Cause, man, a girl like that? They're nice you know? But they're paid to shake their asses in front of men, they like doing that, like having fun."

He finds his shoes and shoves his feet into them, grabbing his room keys and making motions towards the door with his head. "Don't go trying to get one to settle down, even if she likes you now... its not gonna work out man. Eventually there will be another guy with more money or a bigger dick or something else and I'm gonna have to be the one to pick up your sad ass and take you out drinking."

He locks the door behind them and navigates John towards the stairwell. "But have fun with this one dude. I mean, shit, there must be all sorts of crazy, kinky shit she'd be into. Probably likes having you screw her hard against the bed doesn't she? Yeah, boy that's what I thought." D'argo slaps John again, laughing to himself. "Yeah there's no doubt why she likes you I bet."

He does balk just a little bit at the 'bigger dick' comment - as any guy would - but D'argo's words start to sink in a little.

On the other hand, he just spent close to 24 hours with Martha and didn't see the faintest sign of anything shallow or casual about the way she treated him.

"But enjoy this! How many guys our age have a stripper wanting them to tap it? Just don't over think this like you always do things, right? You and Erin, you guys have been together awhile, right? Its a good thing," he pats John on the back as he pushes the door open to Rygel and Stark's room.

"And man, you gotta tell me what she looks like."

"Hot." John immediately says. "She's got these perfect tits and this amazing ass... Jesus, man, you oughta see her."

"Nice tits? Yeah? I'm really more of an ass man," D'argo rubs his chin, smirking widely.

"What are you doing tonight boys?" He says, turning to Rygel and Stark. "Cause we're going to the strip club!"

Rygel smirks and looks at Crais and high fives him.

"Uh-uh, no way, no." John says firmly, dread filling his stomach even at the thought of his buddies ogling Martha.

"What do you mean no way?" D'Argo says, turning to his buddy. "You just said we should see her, don't be holding out on us man."

"Yeah, come on," Crais agrees, leaning against the wall and rolling a cigarette. "And she works at a strip club, its not like the goods are unavailable."

"What do you mean no way?" D'Argo says, turning to his buddy. "You just said we should see her, don't be holding out on us man."

"Yeah, come on," Crais agrees, leaning against the wall and rolling a cigarette. "And she works at a strip club, its not like the goods are unavailable."

"Yeah, didn't think that one though. I don't want you guys ogling her. Forget it. Not gonna happen."

"Oh don't want us ogling your girl on the side, but don't mind the bunch of other men that grope her and give her cash every night for dancing for them hm?" Crais adds, lighting up and blowing a bunch of smoke over at John.

"Not like you could keep us from going and seeing her. Maybe tip her a bit, get her to dance for me."

"She's not my girl on the side!" John says, frowning. "She's just - look. I don't want you guys going, okay?"

He knows that if he really puts his foot down Stark and D will respect his wishes. Crais... well, he just won't tell Crais where she works at.

"Hey man, its cool, calm down," D'argo says, putting his hands out on John and trying to keep him from walloping on Crais. "Just you know, remember what I said okay?"

He is still eying Crais. "Yeah. Yeah, I'll remember. Look, I gotta head out anyway, I'm meeting Erin in a little while."

D'Argo raises an eyebrow at John but nods, "Go to it my friend." He bumps fists with him and watches him leave and head back to their room, an idea growing in his head.