My Sister gets me to Show Her
by Vanessa Evans

Part 3

Alice wanted to go hiking again the next day, but this time she wanted to be totally naked, no hiking boots. Knowing that that would slow us down I suggested a shorter hike, a loop that would take us to the edge of the hills. I reminded her that that trail took us by a waterfall to a stream that fed into the lake.

With Alice totally naked and me carrying the backpack with a towel, some food and other essentials we set out, waving to the 4 guys and Ted and Mary as we left. It was slow going with no chance of breaking sweat but Alice said that being 100 percent natural was a great feeling, like swimming naked. 

Yes we did meet a few other people out walking and we did talk to some of them. One woman told us that she wished that she had Alice’s courage and her husband agreed.

When we got to the waterfall Alice was straight in and I’d remembered to take my phone so I photographed and videoed her thinking that I hoped that I remembered to move those images to my laptop before showing mum or dad the photos of our visit to the cabin.

After a while I stripped and joined Alice and we had just started fucking in the water when another young couple appeared. When they saw us in the water they decided to come on in as well. At one point I think that both girls were getting fucked in the water at the same time.

Alice had been in the water the longest and when she started getting cold we got out. They didn’t say anything but the couple stared at as as I got dressed then with Alice still naked, we set off walking again.


That night was another one where we were both trying to wear-out our sex organs.

*****

The next morning was our last full day at the cabin and Alice wanted to spent it at the beach. What’s more, she was going to be totally naked regardless of who might be there.

Before we went there Alice just had to have an outdoor shower for the 4 guys who were sat on their veranda. From a distance I watched her shower then make herself cum for them then wave as she returned to the cabin.

We actually had a quiet day on the beach soaking up the sun and swimming in the lake. Alice got me to fuck her when we were in the water but it was unlikely that anyone saw what we were doing.

That evening we were invited over to the boys cabin and Alice put on a show for them making herself cum using both her fingers and a beer bottle. She let them take some more photographs of her as well.
 
*****

Our going home day and Alice wanted to make the most of the few hours that we had left there so she waited until the 4 guys were on their veranda then led me out to the front where the guys could see us then she started kissing me and letting her hands wander. As she unfastened the belt of my shorts I knew what was coming and so did my cock. It was pointless objecting so I just went along with it and we fucked right in front of the 4 guys. Whenever I looked at Alice I saw that she was watching the 4 guys watching her.

After another loud orgasm she got up then went to the outside shower where she got herself clean then rubbed her pussy until she had another loud orgasm.

By that time I had gone inside, had a quick shower and was loading up the car. When Alice joined me she put her shower things into the car then we went over to the 4 guys to say goodbye. Dan gave Alice his email and phone number asking her to contact him if we were going up to the cabin again. 

Alice got into the car and we drove off, Alice not even asking if I’d kept a dress out for her for if we stopped. It was only when she got out of the car at the service area and stood there totally naked that she remembered and asked me to get something for her to wear.


Mum was at home when we got there and she wanted to know if we’d had a good time. I told her that I’d show her the photos later when I found out which bag I’d left my phone in.


Shortly after we got back from the cabin I got a phone call Dylan telling me that Alice and I were invited to a ‘starting our last year at school’ party at another girl’s house, Annie’s, who we both knew but not really well. Dylan also told us that Annie’s parents wouldn’t be there.  Alice immediately decided that somehow she wanted to get naked at that party and she asked me if I could think of a way that we could make it happen.

Alice suggested ‘truth or dare’ but somehow that didn’t seem to work for either of us. Maybe we didn’t have enough imagination. We thought and thought and eventually I hit on an idea and Alice thought that it could work. It was one that didn’t require much planning, only me downloading an app onto my phone and getting familiar with it. The only other thing was to sketch out a rough plan of what we (Alice) wanted to happen.

That done we got on with enjoying ourselves whenever mum and dad weren’t around.


We also went online and researched dogging, and in particular in our area of the country. We were both amazed by how many sites there were and couldn’t wait for mum to be away one night and for her to leave her car at home.

We didn’t have to wait long and we set off that evening with Alice bubbling over with excitement. We’d planned it so that we got there just after dark arrived and saw that it was a car park at the side of a small lake. It was set back from the main road so passing traffic wouldn’t see any lights of the cars coming and going.

There was 4 cars there spread out around the car park. Only one had any lights on and that was only the interior light. There were 4 men stood around that car presumably watching the action inside the car.

We parked up, Alice got naked and we waited, Alice getting quite impatient but I told her that we had to wait to be fair to the performing couple, or whatever.

Finally the interior light of the car went off and we could see the men walking away from the car. As per what I had read on the internet I flashed the headlight of mum’s car then put the interior light on.

That was Alice’s cue and she clambered into the middle of the back seat and took her dress  (which was all she was wearing) off. Then she wound down both back windows and started slowly toying with her clit while I gave her a running commentary on any men approaching the car.

I wasn’t surprised when the men that had been around the other car had seen my actions with the lights and had turned and started walking our way.

“Press the central locking Archie.” Alice commanded.

“Already done.” I replied.

Once I told Alice that there were 2 men at either side of the car Alice’s legs spread wider and her rubbing got faster.

In the car’s wing mirrors I could see the 4 men staring in at Alice as she brought herself to her first climax of the evening. In the interior mirror I could see Alice’s face and she was definitely enjoying herself. 

Then Alice got onto her hands and knees across the seat giving the 2 men at one side a great view of her pussy and the 3 on the other side of her a good look at her face.

“Can we touch you luv?” One man asked.

“Yes please.” Alice replied.

Seconds later I heard Alice gasp as, presumably, one of the men was touching her pussy. In the other wing mirror I saw one man get his hard cock out and put it through the car window. Soon I heard slurping sounds from her mouth. Minutes later I saw a semi pull away from the window and another hard cock go inside. On the other side of the car I was sure that the arm going in now belonged to a different body.

Judging from the sounds that Alice was making I knew that she was about to cum again. And she did, and the sounds that she was making made me believe that she had just swallowed another load of male cum.

Alice slumped down onto the seat and I saw the men step back a bit. After a minute or so Alice leant forwards and whispered,

“Fuck me over the front of the car please Archie.”

What could I say or do? As I got out of the car and opened the back door I said to the men,

“No touching okay?

The still totally naked Alice got out and came round to the front of the car where she looked at me then bent over the front of the car, spreading her legs wide as she did so.

“Give it to me hard Bro.” Alice said as my cock first entered her.

And I did. I had been hard since I parked the car and I was relieved to be able to get some relief.

In and out I pounded her pussy. I wasn’t expecting to last long but it was long enough for Alice to cum again and I’m sure that I filled her as she was cumming.

As we stood up Alice loudly said,

“Thanks guys, that was fun. We’ll be back as soon as we can.”

We got back into the car and I turned the interior light off only to see the headlights of another car across the car park flash.


“So Alice, is that what you expected?” I asked.

“And more.” Alice replied, “I hope that mum leaves her car at home when she goes away again soon.”

“So next time Alice, do you want the men to fuck you as well?”

“I certainly do.”

“But only if they wear condoms.” I replied.

“Of course.”

“I’d better buy a big box of them then.”


We drove home with the windows open and Alice searching the glove box for a new air freshener that we knew mum kept in the car somewhere.


Before we went back to school we did got back there twice and yes, Alice did let the men there fuck her.



The day of the party arrived and Alice had to decide what to wear. There would only be our class members and maybe their significant others there, no parents. So Alice decided that she was free to wear as much or as little as she wanted. The only prop that we needed was my phone which I made sure was fully charged.

Alice wore a skater style micro skirt and a top that showed her pokies all the time and if she bent forwards would show anyone looking at the right angle her nice tits. Other than 3 inch heels that was it.

We got a taxi there arriving fashionably late, finding that there was plenty of alcohol there and quite a few people were already slightly happy. We started circulating and I soon heard comments about Alice and her migraines. The photos and videos had been shared.

I got asked what it was like living with a sister that sunbathed naked and had orgasms in her sleep.

“She’s my twin sister, I don’t think of her like that.” I lied.

I also got asked by a few guys that I hardly knew if they could round and play some Nintendo games. I stalled them.

I was grateful when some girls started dancing, Alice included, and quite a few guys went and sat on the floor round the side of the room.

Alice wasn’t the only girl there wearing a short skirt but hers was more ‘floaty’ and as soon as the music got lively Alice started getting quite lively and the guys sitting soon got to see that Alice wasn’t wearing any knickers.

The dancing went on for about half an hour then it was announced that the buffet was open. People got food and sat around talking, me sitting not far from Alice.

Alice asked a couple of girls what they’d been doing over the summer break and we had to listen to details of a few people’s holidays. When someone asked Alice she briefly told them that we’d been to dad’s cabin by the lake but didn’t go into any detail. Then she added that I’d started a new hobby that she thought was rubbish. Then the best introduction to what was planned was when one girl asked what my new hobby was.

“Hypnotism.” Alice said, “but he’s useless at it, he’s tried it on me a few times and it doesn’t  work, I must not be susceptible to it, go on Archie, try it on me here and all these people here will prove to you that it doesn’t work.”

“No, not here, no one wants to see you dancing around and telling everyone all about your school days.”

A couple of the guys said that they did then more agreed and eventually I agreed that I would.

“This is going to work Alice and you’re the one who is going to look silly, I’m going to get you doing stupid things, what song do you want to sing?”

“Don’t be silly Bro, you will be the one looking silly. Come on then, get on with it.”   

I got out my phone and navigated to the app which had coloured circle going round and round. Even I had to admit that staring at it was a bit hypnotic but both of us had stared at it and not got hypnotised.

Sticking the phone in front of Alice’s face I told her to concentrate on the display. After about 20 seconds I started saying what I had read on the internet was supposed to work including telling her to close her eyes which she did.

When I thought that It had been long enough for it to actually work I started giving Alice some control orders,

“Alice, when I clap my hands 3 times and say the word ‘Rhubarb’ you will wake up and remember nothing that has been said or you have done since I said the word ‘Pineapple’. When I, and only I, say the word Pineapple you will do everything that I, and only I, say IF I prefix it with the words ‘Simple Simon Says’. If I don’t prefix a command with  ‘Simple Simon Says’ you will not do as I commanded and you. If I, and only I, say ‘Simple Simon Says Pineapple’ anytime from now on, even years from now, you will you will do every thing that ‘Simple Simon Says’ until I and only I clap my hands 3 times and say the word ‘Rhubarb’.

I turned to the others who were watching and I said,

“Okay what shall I tell her to do? I know, Simple Simon Says scratch your left ear with your right hand.”

Alice did it.

Now put your right little finger in you right nostril.

Alice did nothing.

Again I turned to the others and said,

“Who can think of something that Alice definitely wouldn’t do if she wasn’t hypnotised?”

The was silence for a couple of seconds then one girl said,

“Tell her to kiss you passionately, no girl would do that to her brother.”

“Really, you want my sister to make out with me?” I replied.

“Yes.” someone said.

“Okay then, I guess that I’ll find out what sort of a kisser she is. Simple Simon Says says kiss your brother  passionately.”

Alice turned and put her hands on the sides of my head and started kissing me. We’d done that hundreds of times over that last few weeks and that time was just as good as all the other times.

When we broke the kiss I said,

“Okay, that was actually nice, I didn’t realise that she could kiss so good. Now, what else do you want me to get her to do next?”

There were a few silly suggestions that I ignored then came one that I just knew Alice would want to do, one of the guys wanted her to do a cartwheel.

As he said that I was looking at a couple of the girls and their expressions told me that they knew Alice was knickerless. No one objected so I said,

“You really want me to tell her to do a cartwheel? She sometimes doesn’t wear any knickers and I don’t want anyone to be upset or embarrassed if she hasn’t go any on tonight. I know that Alice certainly would be if she ever found out what you got me to make her do. She’d probably kill me as well.”

 Again no one objected so I said,

“Simple Simon Says get to your feet Alice.”

She did. 

“Simple Simon Says go over to that big space and do a cartwheel.”

Every eye was on Alice as she went and did the cartwheel and everyone got a flash of her bare pussy as she did it. A couple of the girls gasped when they saw that she was knickerless but most of the guys and some of the girls gave her a clap which she didn’t acknowledge.

“Alice really must be hypnotised,” one of the girls said, no girl would do a cartwheel if she didn’t have any knickers on.”

I kept a straight face and looked at Alice to see if her face cracked. It didn’t, she was just stood there waiting for her next command. Unfortunately for her, her skirt had fallen back into place so she wasn’t exposed. 

“Okay guys, what would you like Alice to do now?” I asked.

After a short pause one of the few girls who I didn’t think much of said,

“Tell her to take her top off.”

There was some cheers from the guys and smiles from a few girls. One girl who I had seen Alice talking to quite a bit said,

“No, you can’t tell her to do that, it would be humiliating for her.”

Two replies to that came quickly from 2 of the boys, both reminding the girl that Alice was hypnotised and that she would never know. One of the boys adding,

“Unless you’re going to rat on Archie, in which case everyone else will be saying that it was your idea Jenny.”

Jenny wasn’t going to risk that so she shut up and another girl said,

“Go on Archie, tell her.”

“But she’s my sister, I can’t let her be topless at a party.”

“Stop being a wuss Archie,” Toby said, “tell her.”

“Okay, Alice, take your top off.”

Alice remained perfectly still.

“Alice, Simple Simon Says take your top off.”

Without batting an eyelid Alice lifted her hands and took her top off leaving her firm, small tits with hard nipples pointing at the rest of the party goers.

“We shouldn’t be doing this guys, she’s my sister.” I said.

“Sod that, she’s a hot girl and she’s half naked, tell her to take that skirt off.” One guy who I  had never thought much of said.

“Yeah, go on Archie, tell her to get it off.” Three or 4 of the guys said.

I looked at a couple of girls as if to ask them what they thought and after a few seconds one said,

“Go on Archie, it isn’t as if we all haven’t seen her pussy already.”

“Another girl said.

“Go on Archie, tell her.”

“Simple Simon Says take your skirt off Alice.”

There was deadly silence as Alice did just that. Like most of the girls she’d already taken her shoes off so now she was stood totally naked I front of her school class mates and a few of their partners. What’s more she was stood with her feet about shoulder width apart and I could see her clit sticking out.

The silence was broken by one gut saying,

“She’s all wet.”
.
“She’s wet all the time these days.” Leo said.

“How would you know that Leo? Is there something that you’re not telling us about you an Alice?” One guy asked.

“No, no,”Leo quickly countered as he realised his mistake, “I just assumed that, most girls would be all wet if they were in Alice’s position, topless with no knickers on and with 30 odd people looking at her.”

“No they wouldn’t Leo,” one girl said, “most girls would never get themselves in that position and if they did they’d run a mile.”

“But Alice is hypnotise and at the moment, she has no control over anything.” Another guy said. “She’d probably run a mile and not turn up for school next week.”

“What else can we get her to do?” One guy asked.

“Give all us guys a blowjob.” Another said.

“Err NO.” I said, “It’s one thing getting her naked but I’m sure as hell not telling her to perform any sex acts. It’s bad enough that you’ve talked me into getting her naked but I definitely draw the line at sex acts.”

“Okay,” another guy said, “she’s done a cartwheel, how about a headstand?”

“I’m not sure about that, when she was little and did head stands she always spread her legs wide.” I said.

“Go on Archie, tell her.” one guy said.

“We’ve seen her pussy already so one more time won’t matter.” Another guy said.

“Oh go on then,” I said, “Alice, Simple Simon Says do a headstand and count to 50 before lowering yourself.”

And she did, and she did spread her legs almost into the splits. Everyone was getting a great view of her spread, wet pussy.

Alice was counting out loud and not very quickly. Some of the guys, and a couple of the girls went up to her to get a better look and I was afraid that all that exposure would make her cum and let the cat out of the bag, but good old Alice held her cool and kept counting.

Finally she dropped her legs and got to her feet.

“What next?” someone asked.

“Annie, have you got a dog?” A guy called Garry asked.

“Yes, why?” 

“Is it a big dog?”

“A collie?”

“Can we borrow the collar and leash for a while?”

“I guess so, I’ll go and get it.”

I guessed what the guy had in mind and thought that Alice wouldn’t mind as she would be on her hands and knees with her butt and pussy on display for all to see.

When Annie got back he gave the collar and leash to Garry who looked at me. I nodded then said,

“Annie, Simple Simon Says that you are now a dog, Gary is gong to put a collar and leash on you and lead you around.”

Alice got down on her hands and knees and said,

“Woof, woof.”

There was a little laughter as Garry put the collar and leash on her and gently pulled. I watched as Alice was led round the room stopping in front of a number of guys and I couldn’t help notice that whenever she stopped her elbows bent, her head went down and her butt up a bit, it was like she was presenting her butt and pussy to be inspected by the guys, and most of them were definitely getting a good look.

Gary even stopped in front of some of the girls and Alice did the same thing. I didn’t realise that Alice wanted girls to see her so I made a mental note to ask her if she fancied girls.

Gary had just about got round the room when Annie’s collie came bounding into the room with its tail wagging. It soon saw Alice and went straight to her pussy and started licking. As I tried to get across the room to stop it I heard Alice moaning.

“Bloody hell, she likes that.” I thought as I tried to pull the dog away from her.

Then my brain kicked in and I said,

“Alice, Simple Simon Says stop being a dog, stand up and take the collar off.”

She did but the dog was still trying to at least sniff her pussy. Annie appeared and started shouting at the dog. Finally it left the room with it’s tail between it’s legs and Annie chasing it. She was back quickly and started apologising but her voice was nearly drowned out by talking, cheering and laughing.

At that point I decided that Alice had had enough and I took her over to where her clothes were.

“Alice, Simple Simon Says put your skirt and top back on.”

I then took her over to where she had been sat before the con started and said,

“Simple Simon Says sit down Alice.”

Alice did then I turned to everyone and said,

“Remember everyone, not a word about this to anyone, if Alice ever finds out about this not only am I dead meat but some of you will be as well, and Alice will think that her life is over. Who can tell what she might do.”

As one or 2 people promised I turned to Alice and clapped my hands 3 times then said,

“Rhubarb.”

Alice blinked her eyes and then got a puzzled look on her face as she looked around and saw that everyone was staring at her.

“What!? Have I spilt something on my top?”

“No Alice.” Annie said, “we were just waiting to see if Archie’s hypnotism worked.”

“Well it obviously didn’t did it. I told you Archie you should delete that app before you make a fool of yourself again.”

“Hmm. I think that I need to do some more reading.” I said. “So Sis, can I get you another drink?”

“I’ll come with you Archie, I don’t know what I want.”


There was a couple of minutes when we were alone in the kitchen and I quietly asked Alice if she was okay.

“Hell yes, that was so cool, totally awesome, I can’t wait for you to fuck me then we can talk about it and plan the next time.”

“The next time? How can we do that again?”

We didn’t get the chance to continue the conversation because someone came into the room. When we got back to the lounge everything was back to a typical party. Alice went and started dancing and I went to talk to Dylan and Toby.


“Wow Archie,”Toby said, “yours sister is one hell of a girl.”

“Yes she is, if she ever finds out what happened I really am dead meat.” 

“Did she ever say anything about what happened when she had the migraines?” Dylan asked.

“No, she had them for another 3 days then they just went away like they had the other times, all very strange. It could be days or months or years before she gets any again.”

“Archie,” Toby said, “I noticed that you left the hypnotism open ended. Are you planning on getting her doing any crazy things again?”

“I haven’t got any plans but I left it like that to see how long it lasts. I’ll probably say  ‘Simple Simon Says Pineapple’ every so often just to see if it still works.”

“Let me know if you do mate we could have some real fun.”

“She’s my sister Toby.”

“She’s still hot.”

The party went on for another couple of hours and as far as I know Alice didn’t flash her goodies to anyone else. Then in the taxi on the way home we got the driver to stop down the road and we quietly crept into the house and to my bedroom where we both relieved a lot of built up frustration.

*****

A couple of days after the party I got a phone call from Dylan asking me if he and another classmate, Oliver, could come to my house and play some Nintendo games. I wasn’t too keen on the idea and I told Dylan that I’d get back to him. Whilst I was thinking about it I mentioned it to Alice and she immediately saw it as an opportunity for some more exposure for her.

I told her that I didn’t think that we could pull the migraine trick again and Alice replied by saying,

“‘Simple Simon Says Pineapple’ and then lead them to suggest to you that that you get me to strip and then to let them play with my pussy. “

“You want your classmates to play with your pussy and presumably make you cum?”

“Yes, why not? Not to fuck me, just to make me cum. That way they’ll spend the whole school year wondering what it would be like to actually fuck me.”

“Jeez Sis, you’re amazing, unbelievable. I wish that the world was full of girls like you.”

“Make the most of it Bro, it’s probably going to come to an end when we go back to school.”

“What about weekends and school holidays?”

“Well not completely end.”


I phoned Dylan back and arranged for him and Oliver to come round the next morning.

When they arrived I noticed that neither of them had brought any of their gaming equipment put I pretended not to notice. No sooner than they were in the house Dylan asked me if Alice was at home. When I said that she was Oliver asked me if there was any chance that I could hypnotise her again.

“With a bit of luck she’s still hypnotised and just needs me to say that trigger words, why, what are you wanting her to do, more cartwheels. I suppose that there’s lots of space out the back for her to do them.”

I took them out the back where Alice was sat on a lounger wearing a short, loose fit dress with spaghetti shoulder straps and reading a book.  

“Hi guys.” Alice said. “More of those silly electronic games is it? I’ll let you get on with my book.”

“Okay Sis, we’ll leave you to it. ‘Simple Simon Says Pineapple’.

 Alice stared straight ahead and the book fell out of her hand.

I waved my hand in front of Alice’s face and got no reaction.

“I guess that it still works.” I said and moved my hands ready to clap them.

Just as my hands met for the first time Dylan said.

“STOP. While she’s under could you just get her to do a couple of cartwheels and maybe a handstand, just to prove that she really is under?”

“Well I guess that couldn’t do any harm but you might not see anything, she’s probably wearing knickers and a bra.”

“We’ll take that chance.” Oliver replied. 

“Alice. Simple Simon Says, stand up and do 2 cartwheels across the lawn then do another 2 to come back here.” I said.

Alice did and it soon became obvious that she was knickerless. When she got back to us the hem of her dress was caught on something on the back of her dress and she stood there effectively bottomless.

Both Dylan and Oliver walked around her having a good look at her slit and butt.

“She looks so much better out here in the bright daylight.” Oliver said. “Handstand?”

“I shouldn’t really,” I replied, “she hasn’t got any knickers on, she’d be totally humiliated if she ever found out. You haven’t got your phones with you have you? She’d be mortified if any photos or videos of her got shared round the school.”

“Relax Archie,” Dylan replied. “She’s under, she won’t remember anything and we’d never share any photos or videos would we Oliver?”

“Hell no, my photos are my wanking material.”

“Shut-up Oliver, I don’t want to know about you wanking over pictures of my sister. ……
But you’re already looking at her bottomless so I guess that a handstand couldn’t make anything worse.”

“Thanks Archie.” Dylan replied.

“Alice. Simple Simon Says, do a handstand.”

Alice did, spreading her legs wide to give her better balance. The other thing, which I guess Alice had planned, was that her loose fitting dress slowly became a victim of gravity sliding over her head and down her arms. To help her balance Alice was walking on her hands and she soon walked out of her pooled dress leaving her totally naked.

I watched as both Dylan and Oliver took photographs, both of them getting quite close to her and recording images of her spread pussy. 

“She’s all wet.” Oliver said.

“What do you expect?” I asked, “She may be hypnotised and she won’t remember it when I bring her out of it but she’s naked in front of 3 guys. Any girl in that situation would be aroused.”

“I guess so.” Oliver replied.

Alice eventually lost her balance and went over backwards and ended up on her very spread knees. And she stayed like that with cameras still clicking away.

“Wow man, that was awesome.” Oliver said. “Any chance that you could get her to play with herself Archie?”

“Go on Archie,” Dylan added, “It’s no different to when she had those migraines and took those sleeping tablets.”

“Probably true.” I replied, “Okay then, but just the once. Alice, Simple Simon Says go and lay on the lounger and put your feet on the ground at the sides.”

Alice got to her feet and did so.

“Go on Archie, do it.” Oliver said.

“Alice, play with your pussy and make yourself cum.”

After a few seconds of Alice dong nothing Dylan reminded me that I hadn’t said it right.

I knew what I had said and it was just to reinforce that Alice was hypnotised, then I said,

“Alice, Simple Simon Says play with your pussy and make yourself cum.”

The 3 of us watched, 2 with phone camera’s flashing away, as Alice rubbed one out for the guys and I felt so proud of her. I could happily watch her do that a dozen times each day forever.

Alice’s vocal pleasure would have woken the neighbours, if we’d had any close by and Alice looked very contented when the waves of pleasure were just a memory.

“You don’t think that I could do that to her do you Archie?” Oliver asked.

“You’ve got to be joking Oliver, if it ever got out she’d kill me. It’s bad enough what I’ve made her do already.”

“It won’t get out Archie, you can kill me if it does.”

I let them stew for a good minute then said,

“Oh what the fuck, ‘hanged for a sheep as a lamb’, go on, but be gentle with her, no injuries that she might wonder how they happened.”

Oliver was a bit nervous at first, then he really got into it, thrusting the middle 2 fingers of one hand in and out of her hole whilst circling her clit with a finger of the other hand. Meanwhile Dylan was enjoying playing with Alice’s nipples. It didn’t take long for her breathing to get faster and her shouting,

“YES, YES, KEEP DOING THAT, OH FUCK I’M CUUUUMMMMING.”

Alice’s body rose up and went rigid for a few seconds and she stopped breathing. Then she gasped for air and her body dropped and went all limp, her eyes just staring to the sky.


“Wow Archie, that was awesome. Thank you so much for that. I wish that I had a sister that you could hypnotise so that I could do the same for you.” Oliver said. 

“Thanks Oliver, but I think that you two should be leaving now. I need to bring her out of it so that she hasn’t missed much time.”

“Okay, thanks Archie and I promise that I won’t share the photos with the whole school.” Oliver said.

“Good.” I replied. “I’ll show you out then go and tell Alice to get dressed before bringing her out of it.”

I did then went back to Alice. I lay on another lounger then said,

“Simple Simon Says come and ride on this.”

Alice turned her head, smiled and did just that.



Word got around and before we went back to school and Alice had performed for nearly all the boys in our class. All of them believing that she didn’t know about any of it. 


During the next weekend when both our parents were home and I wanted Alice to do something I jokingly said,

‘Simple Simon Says do xxxxxx’. 

Alice looked at me and smiled. The second time that I said it our mother was there and she said,

“Good grief, I thought that you two grew out of those kids games years ago.”

Our mother wasn’t looking at Alice and she stuck her tongue out and lifted the front of her skirt showing me that she wasn’t wearing any knickers. 


Then it was back to school and our fun was severely curtailed but not eliminated. There was still evenings and weekends when our parents were away. 

After the first day Alice told me that she had been wet all day because every time one of the boys had looked at her she remembered them looking at her naked and playing with her pussy.


