Katiebug’s Limo Ride
by LisaCass

After Katie’s stage debut she got another ride.

After another exhausting session on stage with the three dancers, there wasn't an ounce of energy left in her body. They had been incredibly sweet and actually made love to her as opposed to being used like in the first act. Each had brought her to at least two climaxes until she had nothing more to give.

The club allowed Kate to go backstage and use the shower to clean up, then they ordered a limo to take her and Jim home as reward for her amazing performance. Katie collapsed in the back, having difficulty even sitting up. As Jim crawled in the driver asked, "direct to your hotel or maybe a little tour of Paris at night. The lights are amazing and it's warm enough to open the sunroof for some fantastic views".

Jim was in no hurry to get back to the room an opted for the tour. Even though Katie was beat, she too agreed it was an opportunity they shouldn't turn down. Katie curled up under Jims arm and leaned back as the driver began to pull away from the curb.

After they were underway the driver noted there was a complimentary bottle of champagne under the armrest that they were welcome to. The glasses could be seen hanging in the bar area just opposite the door. Even though Katie was exhausted, another glass couldn't hurt and agreed just as Jim popped the cork. They both sipped the bubbly liquid and felt the effects immediately.

As the tour continued, Jim's began to ponder about what would he do when they finally got back to the hotel. Would he just go to sleep or should he be bold and give Katie one more romp between the sheets. As if on cue Katie pulled herself closer and squeezed Jim's arm tight as she lay her head on his chest. This show of affection convinced Jim that Katie wasn't done for the night and it was time to step up and regain the Katie's respect.

Her warmth and the champagne had Jim completely relaxed and without even trying he began to get hard. He adjusted himself to relieve the pressure just as the driver glanced back in the rear view mirror. He quickly took the hint and smiled as he raised the screen to give the couple some privacy.

Then the thought rushed into Jims mind, why not take Katie here in the limo as they were riding about Paris. That would be a memory for the ages. The revelation that they were in a pubic setting but no one could actually see, made his cock even harder. Jim leaned down and kissed Katie on the head and as she turned to face him Jim planted a passionate kiss on her lips and pulled her tight to his chest.

As their lips lingered in close proximity Katie felt Jim slide the strap of her dress off her shoulder. She backed away a few inches and gave him that, what are you doing look and he gestured towards the front of the limo. As Katie turned Jim whispered, the privacy screen is up, no one can see us.

Katie turned back to face Jim and said, are you sure, I don't think we should do this, it's too risky. What if he decides to take a peek? Jim pointed to the lock switch above his head and promptly pressed it. Now that's not possible as he continued to undo the back of Katie's little black dress.

Katie relaxed and began unbuttoning Jim's shirt. She knew the look on his face, he was determined to make this happen so it was best she just went with the flow. As the top of Katie's dress fell to her waist Jim pushed it over her hips and was rewarded with the view of her bare back and butt cheeks. Katie had Jim's shirt open and began to work on his slacks as he used his foot to push her dress the rest of the way off an on to the floor of the limo.

When his pants were undone and Calvin's pulled down Jim's hand went immediately to the back of Katie's head indicating it was time for Katie to put her oral talents to good use. Katie laid her head on Jim's chest and began to kiss and lick the tip as Jim continued removing his shirt and pants. He liked them both to be naked when Katie sucked his cock. The sense of power and control he got was a huge turn on.

As Katie took more of Jim's member into her mouth he began to thrust his crotch to her rhythm. Guiding her head, Jim fucked Katie's mouth vigorously until he was near release. He released her hair and order Katie to climb on for another kind of ride. She threw her leg over Jim's hips and settled in on top of his cock.

Katie was already wet from performing the blowjob so when Jim lifted his hips, the head slid right into her waiting pussy. He grasped Katie's waist and pulled her down onto his shaft. Katie leaned back to allow Jim to penetrate her fully and began grinding her ass into his rock hard cock.

As Katie was reaching her climax Jim's hand came up and wrapped around her throat while the other remained firmly planted on her waist holding her steady. His hips matched her gyrations and the effect sent Katie over the edge into a convulsive orgasm. She loved to be choked and Jim loved the feeling of control. A win win for both.

Jim decided to finish her from behind and rolled Katie over onto the seat again. Flipping her over and pulling her back so her knees were in the floor, Jim bent her over on the bottom cushion and pressed his cock in all the way with one stroke. He held it there for a moment as he gathered Katie's hair and pulled her head back creating that perfect arch he loved to see.

As Jim was getting into his rhythm, he glanced out the window and noticed they were passing Notre Dame and the lights at night were truly beautiful. An idea suddenly struck him and he lifted Katie into a crouching stance. He aligned her with the opening in the roof and then forced Katie into a standing position with her head and shoulders out in the warm night air.

He quickly joined her and arching her back drove his cock home again as he explained they really shouldn't be missing out on the views. Katie placed her arms out on the roof to stabilize herself as Jim regained his momentum and pounded her mercilessly. Her tits were bouncing so hard they rose and fell through the opening into the breeze causing her nipples to also rise to the occasion.

The image was almost surreal, it was hard for Jim to concentrate on the scenery while maintaining a steady pace drilling Katie's dripping pussy. She was clearly enjoying herself and not concerned about her surroundings until a tour bus pulled alongside the limo. From their elevated position it was easy to see Katie's bouncing breasts and that she was getting railed from behind. You could tell many of the tourists noticed the action taking place, as the cameras began flashing in the windows.

Once again Katie was sure the pictures were destined to end up on the internet for all her friends to see. The exposure excited Jim even more and he refused to let up. All Katie could do was hang on and accept the pounding. To make matters worse for Katie , as Jim was positioning his feet for a better stance, he accidentally hit the window switch. As the tinted windows retracted into the doors, the passengers in the adjoining cars received a front row seat as well.

The lights, the exposure, the cameras, it all fed Jim's fantasy as he drove his cock again and again into Katie's well used pussy. Despite what happened earlier this evening he was owning his bitch now and everyone could see. As he reached his limit he pulled Katie inside and forced her to her knees in front of him. She knew he intended to finish in her mouth and she obediently complied.

Jim's climax filled her mouth and coated her throat causing Katie to gag and have to pull back. Jim's remaining shots landed on her face and in her eyes before she could get her lips around the head again to milk him dry. Kate collapsed to the floorboard as Jim retuned to the seat. Her face and dress that was still on the floor now covered in cum.

Jim noticed they were getting close to the area their hotel was in. The tour was coming to an end and they both began to dress. Katie was a sight, her hair and makeup were a mess, her dress was wet and the look on her face of being totally dominated was priceless. Soon they pulled into the hotel drive and the bellman opened the door. All anyone could do was smile as it was obvious what had just occurred on the ride home.

Katie and Jim quickly headed for the elevator amidst the watchful eyes of everyone in the lobby. When the door opened there were two men already in the cab coming up from the basement parking. They took no notice of the couple as they entered. They were focused on one of their phones watching a video and Katie glanced over to see an image of a girl getting railed standing in the sunroof of a limo.

That took less time than she expected as the elevator reached their floor and the doors opened. When Katie followed Jim out of the elevator, one of the men gestured to the other, "that's her, right there". She paused for a second and turned her head to face them. With a smile she kicked up her heel and lifted her dress exposing the curves of her cute little ass and without a word continued down the hall to her room. This trip to Paris was turning out to be quite an adventure, she couldn't wait to find out what was in store for tomorrow.
