Salt water burning his eyes, Simon focuses the beam of the flashlight onto the mattress and reaches out to touch the mound of bedding. Jayne is buried in comforters and blankets and he's warm, hot, too hot to touch, but he's alive. Thank god, he's alive.
"Doc?"

Jayne's voice rasps painfully, throat dry and swollen from coughing up phlegm and blood, but it's the best sound Simon's ever heard. Better even than hearing his sister talk cognitively for the first time in three years. Shedding his backpack, boots and layers of outer clothing, Simon worms his way under the covers and huddles up against Jayne. "Ye su. I thought you were dead."

"I'm the tough guy, remember?"

Arms wrap around him, not as strong as they used to be, but the feeling is still close to being perfect and Simon forces back a whimper of relief. Selfishly snatching a moment of comfort, he clings on to Jayne's big frame until the worst of the shivers subside.

"Generator died." Jayne coughs breathlessly. "Thought about getting to the boiler house to switch over. Couldn't do it. Kept the range on though."

"You did great." Simon listens to the droning wheeze coming from that barrel-like chest and he doesn't need a stethoscope to know what's going on in there. Sitting up, he slithers unwillingly out from under the bedclothes and uses the table as a prop to drag himself to a standing position. "I've got some antibiotics for you. Let me light the lanterns so I can see what I'm doing."

Still unable to feel his feet, Simon stumbles over to the cupboards and, in the faltering beam of the dying flashlight, he manages to fill and light three emergency oil lamps. Stoking the stove with more wood he then collapses down into the mattress, the agony too much to bear as both feet begin a slow return to life. Digging out one of the small plastic pots of penicillin from his backpack, he pours Jayne a cup of honey tea from the flask and then holds out the tablets in his open palm. "Sit up, ai ren," he says, the endearment coming as a shock, but not feeling out of place in the slightest. Simon's had his epiphany; he loves Jayne Cobb.

Jayne complies, scooching up the mattress and propping himself up against a bundle of pillows. Taking a sip of drink he then pops both the tablets into his mouth and Simon can feel the difficulty he has swallowing. Sweeping the hair off Jayne's forehead he leans forward instinctively and presses his lips against sweaty skin. "You'll be okay," he says with absolute belief because survival is what they both do best nowadays.

"I reckon I will." Jayne smiles wanly, his face grey and thin under an unruly beard, and surprisingly he lets Simon tuck him back into the bed.

Once Jayne is settled, Simon no longer has any excuse to avoid the issue that has been bothering him ever since he took his boots off. Placing a lantern on the table and positioning it to cast as much light as possible, Simon sits on one of the kitchen chairs. Leaning forward, he then pulls the layered socks gently away from each foot and apprehensively examines the skin. It's not great but neither is it as bad as it could have been. The flesh is icy cold, white and hard and there are huge blisters beginning to form on both feet but Simon's optimistic because the reviving tissue is looking pink rather than blue.

Hobbling over to the stove he fills the copper with lukewarm tap water then places it onto an open burner. Water will thaw the frozen flesh and give him a better idea of his prognosis. He made a stupid mistake not being careful enough to keep his socks dry when changing into the ski boots and he's paid a high price for his mistake. The problem with frostbite is that the symptoms are long lasting and the true effects aren't always able to be seen for a good few months. He tries to imagine what it will be like to perform an amputation on himself and almost passes out at the thought. It's best not to even consider the idea of surgery until it becomes absolutely necessary.

Ladling water into a small tea kettle he places it on a burner and waits impatiently for it and the copper to heat up. Too tired and in too much pain to prepare hot food, Simon makes do with snacking on potato chips and dry crackers.

The kettle hisses, announcing its slow rise up to the boil and Simon snatches it from the hotplate, pouring water onto a tea bag then sweetening the mixture with a squeeze of honey. Taking a sip of drink he swallows a two high strength painkillers, knowing, without doubt, that what he's about to do is going to hurt like a bitch. Waiting a few minutes for the pills to kick in, he lifts the copper down onto the floor then, placing a couple of clean towels next to the pot, he rolls up his sweat pants. Legs poised over the bowl he steels himself for the onslaught of pain then, chewing on a knuckle, dips both feet into the warm water.

Jayne's sleeping, that rasping breath both a comfort and a worry to Simon's ears. He doesn't want to disturb the man but is unable to suppress the howl of anguish as the semi-frozen tissue starts to come back to life.

The tortured sound rouses Jayne immediately. "Si-" he wheezes, the remainder of the name vanishing into a prolonged bout of coughing. Lurching to his feet, he wobbles precariously and hangs on to the table for support.

Honestly, this is the last thing Simon needs right now. Gripping onto the seat of the chair, he's at the point of passing out from the agonising pain and the idea that he now has to reassure Jayne is more than he can cope with.

"Get back to bed." It's a desperate demand. "Please!"

"What's the matter, Doc?"

It's only when the blanket wraps around his shoulders that Simon realises that he's shivering uncontrollably. "Frostbite," he explains through chattering teeth, "but I don't think it's severe." He can't talk any longer. There are shooting pains travelling from his feet up to his thighs and it's all he can do not to vomit.

"What can I do?" Jayne rubs at Simon's tense shoulders.

Simon rests his head back against Jayne's belly. "Get back to bed and rest."

"Ain't gonna do that."

Simon knows from experience how stubborn Jayne is. "Keep the water moving around my feet," he says, partway relieved that the man's feeling well enough to want to help.

Jayne kneels, sluicing the warm liquid over Simon's frozen skin then carefully topping the bowl up from the kettle when it starts to lose its heat. "How's that?" he says a few minutes later.

The shivering has subsided but Simon has zoned out into a hypnotic state and he looks blankly at Jayne.

"The water's gone cold. There ain't no more hot."

Simon lifts both feet onto the towel, leaning over and wrapping them up, making sure not to rub at the damaged flesh. "Can you help me to bed?" he asks, overwhelmed by tiredness, pain and the emotion of coming back home.

Jayne's not fit enough to carry him, but somehow they make it back to the mattress and bundle themselves up in the nest of comforters, like two hibernating animals.

"What are we going to do?" Simon's never felt so miserable, so desperate in all his life and these feelings are exacerbated when Jayne's only answer is a hacking cough.

*

Over the course of the next month it's established that whilst they'll both live to tell the tale, it's unlikely that either of them are going to make a speedy recovery.

Jayne's pneumonia eases once the antibiotics kick into action, but he's left with a debilitating cough and an obvious case of chronic fatigue, although he denies that fiercely. Simon is in worse shape; the blisters that formed on both feet are huge and need to be kept bandaged to ensure infection doesn't set in. There appears to be some level of tissue damage to three of his toes and the pain from this is excruciating, making it almost impossible for him to do anything but hobble around with the aid of a stick Jayne has made for him. The threat of amputation lurks closer all the time, causing him to drift into an ever-deepening depression.

The winter storms have died down and the thick blanket of lying snow is soft now, hinting that it's thinking about melting, but truly there's nothing to celebrate. It's all they can do to keep the generator going and the range stoked. The only saving grace is that they have a food store that's stocked with basic necessities enough to last them for a few months, although even this can't dispel the gloom that's settled over them.

"Once the snow's gone we'll head for Hartford," says Jayne as they lie in bed staring up at the ceiling. The weather's warmed up enough now for them to sleep in the bedroom and even though it's hard work for Simon to get up and down the stairs, he's decided it's worth the effort to sleep somewhere comfortable.

"That's got to be two hundred miles around the mountains and at least fifty through the pass. How are either of us going to manage that, the state we're in?" Simon splutters with laughter at the ridiculous thought of him limping up that dangerous track.

"We'll take the mule," says Jayne, leaning over and rubbing slow, comforting circles onto Simon's belly.

Simon feels patronized and retaliates with a barbed tongue. "Can you get it to run on water?"

The mercenary concedes the argument with a sigh. "You want me to change the dressings on your feet?" he asks, sitting up and swinging his legs out of bed.

"I can manage." What Simon wants is for Jayne to lean over and stare at him with eyes that burn with longing. He wants to wake up to a long, slow sucking on his cock, not a litany of the jobs that have to be done that day.

"I gotta get up. Laundry needs doing then I'll chop some wood."

This sentence only serves to irritate Simon even further and once Jayne has wandered off to the bathroom he rolls over onto his side, staring out of the window at the bleak vista of grey sky and wondering why, in heaven's name, he'd been saved from Reavers only to be abandoned here in purgatory. What was the point?

After a couple of hours spent napping and sulking, Simon eventually washes and dresses then makes his laborious descent down the stairs. The pain is not only severe in both feet, it also sends electric waves shooting through his pelvis and all the way into his chest. If only he had some nerve deadeners to kill his feelings.

When he finally arrives in the kitchen, Simon finds Jayne painstakingly dismantling the telegraph machine. "Why bother with the piece of gou shi?" he says cattily. "We both know you can't make it work." He wonders when exactly it was he became owner of such a pig-headed attitude.

Jayne lowers his head, fists balled against his sides, then, out of the blue, he sweeps every one of the tiny components onto the floor and gets to his feet, lifting the machine above his head and sending it crashing across the room into the dresser. The cabinet door splinters and comes away from its hinges. "Can't go to Hartford. Can't get this to work," he yells. "Well, what in the name of rutting di yu can we do, Simon? We gonna stay here, bitching at each other and starving to death? Is that the kind of future you have planned for us, you miserable, piece of shit hundan?"

It's the most Simon's heard Jayne say for weeks and, for once, he has no automatic bitchy response spitting from his tongue.

Jayne stands there, clenching and unclenching his fists. "If'n we stay here then we're sure as hell gonna die. Is that what you want?"

Simon sinks down onto one of the chairs, his stick tumbling away from him under the table. "Say a miracle happens and we do make it over the mountains. We could get all the way to Hartford and find nothing." He's honest to god terrified at the idea of dealing with another town that's been devastated by Reavers.

"Least we'll have tried. If we stay here and make it through to spring, chances are neither of us'll have enough energy to plant out crops. We'll have run out of stores by then so we'll be relying on game to eat and we have hardly any ammunition left." Jayne drops into the wooden carver chair, his expression more lifeless than when he'd been recounting the story of his sisters' slaughter.

Simon's shamefaced, knowing that he's the one to have brought the man to this trough of despair. "You go alone," he says, his words barely more than a whisper. What choice is there? He can't make it to the barn, let alone fifty miles through a rugged mountain pass.

Jayne shakes his head. "It's together or not at all," he says, looking at Simon with eyes that are like shattered glass. "Remember what happens when I go off half-cocked? Remember, Doc?"

Simon smiles wanly at the memory and he reaches out to lay his fingers across the deep scar on Jayne's forearm.

"I'll make some kinda sled and drag you if'n I have to," continues the big man. "Anyways we ain't going 'til the thaw's well underway. You'll be fixed up by then. We both will."

Simon thinks about blackened dead skin and impending gangrene and he can't suppress the attack of shivers. "It's not going to happen," he says, his voice a monotone. "I can't make it."

"Well, you're gonna rutting well have to." Jayne stares at him. "'Cause I ain't doing this on my own... I need you."

I need you. That simple sentence hangs between them, an oath, a love letter, and Simon understands every unsaid word. This was never about sex and yet it reignites the spark that has been missing for so long and as they lean instinctively across the table and meld lips together, the kiss comes as a wake up call to both men.

"I need you too," says Simon, his hand grasping Jayne around the back of the neck and pulling him closer.

This time when Jayne carries him to bed, it's a slower, more careful ascent up the staircase and long before they reach the bedroom the mercenary is breathing hard and wheezing from the effort.

"Hope you're not too tired to fuck me, old man." Simon laughs at the expression on Jayne's face as he bridles playfully.

"Not too tired nor too old, 'though I ain't sure I remember how to do it after all this time."

"I expect we'll pick it back up as we go along." Simon heaves in an excited breath at the feel of Jayne's lips peppering hot, damp kisses over his chest, across his belly, onward, downward. When teeth grip the swell of his erection through the soft fleece of his sweats, Simon's drowning in bliss. "Oh god. Oh fucking god."

Tugging down pants and underwear, Jayne works Simon's cock with slow swipes of his tongue, laving the full length of his shaft then throating, humming, sucking him like candy. Simon cries out again from the pleasure as dirty, suggestive phrases drip from his open lips. They haven't had sex since the day he reached his epiphany and this endorsement of feelings is long overdue.

Sitting up, he yanks at the hem of Jayne's sweater, pulling it and the wife-beater over his head and off. "I can't reach the fun parts," he grumbles. It's a lighthearted complaint, but he's itching to see the man fully naked again. Since winter set in they've been cocooned in endless layers of clothing and misery.

Jayne looks up, a toothy grin on his face, then shrugging off his pants and socks he goes back to work, taking Simon into his mouth and sucking on him with fierce pulls.

Simon hasn't even had the urge to masturbate for over a month and the sensation from this blow job is way too intense. On the point of climax he squirms away from Jayne's mouth, greedy with demands. "Want you in me. Want you to fuck me hard." His body arches, legs spreading wide, soles planted firmly on the mattress.

"Careful of them feet," says Jayne and opening the drawer of the nightstand he reaches for the lube and condoms.

Simon's moaning now, his cock a hot, steel bar throbbing wetly against his belly. Right now he doesn't want to think of rotting feet or long hopeless journeys, he just wants to think of sex. Breached by two thick fingers he writhes at the sensation and fucks himself shamelessly on Jayne's slicked up hand. "I'm ready," he demands. Tianna, he's so rutting ready.

"Easy now or I'll be shooting all over you, way you're carrying on." Jayne's kneeling, skinning a rubber onto his erection. Bracing himself on one arm he sprawls over Simon and murmurs, "You're gorram pretty. Thought so, first time I ever laid eyes on you."

Mouth poised over Simon's he whispers a string of compliments, making Simon blush and thrash, incinerating with need. That big cock nudges against his relaxed hole and if he wasn't pinned under Jayne's heavy weight he'd fuck himself senseless on it. "Let me ride you," he says in a voice that's thick with longing.

Jayne looks down at him with darkening eyes. "Sure you can manage it?" he asks tentatively, but his cock twitches with excitement and Simon can feel the thrum of a racing pulse, hot against his skin.

"Watch me." Simon pushes playfully at Jayne with his palms then, kneeing him over onto his back, he straddles the man, running both hands up that thick pelt of hair and leaning in salaciously close. "I noticed you too, as soon as I got on board." Brushing his lips over Jayne's mouth he positions himself so that the head of that condom-coated cock is nestled snug against his lubricated hole.

"Hated me, I think you mean to say." Jayne guffaws with laughter and the movement causes a shift, a joining of parts that leaves them both wide-eyed and breathless.

"I saw you," says Simon as soon as he finds words again. "Big, handsome, fierce man. Wanted to fall on my knees and suck you off right there in front of everyone." Jayne yowls with delight as Simon begins to ride him with measured thrusts of his body. "It's only when you opened that annoying mouth that I changed my mind."

Jayne laughs again and the sound bounces off the high ceiling. "Same for me. Thought you was the prettiest, prissiest, most stuck up sumbitch I'd ever laid eyes on. Couldn't decide if I wanted to fuck you or rip your throat out. Maybe both."

Simon clenches as tight as he can and reaches behind him to fondle Jayne's balls.

"Fuck! I ain't gonna last if you do that."

"I don't want you to last." Simon's prick is stiff against his belly and dripping with need. One touch and he'll be gone. "I want to watch you when you come inside me, then I want you to ride my cock, dong ma?"

Jayne nods, his eyelids slipping to a half-closed position, and with Simon's fingers twined into that thick mat of chest hair the big man pumps his hips, slow and determined, keeping to the rhythm and grunting with excitement at every thrust.

So this is what it feels like to fly. Simon's mind is a whirl of hot, bright, burning sex. Sweat pours off him as he loses every single inhibition left and fucks the hell out of the man lying beneath him.

When Jayne climaxes his face lights up like starshine, unhealthy pallor disappearing as a ruddy sex flush takes over. Just watching him is a thrill and Simon has to drag himself back from the freefall into orgasm, shivering, shuddering, aching to come.

Tumbling on the bed they roughhouse like kids, bodies crashing together as they play-fight hard with mouths locked. The kisses urge Simon on and, sitting up, he slides a condom over his prick, watching mesmerised as Jayne stretches himself open.

The big man is kneeling, eyes wide with arousal as he rides his own fingers and this is the single most erotic thing Simon has ever seen. "Wo de ma," he moans lying back on the mattress, stroking his erection which is pumped full of blood. "Want you."

Jayne doesn't hesitate, clambering astride Simon and taking that rock solid cock inside him with one swooping, mind-blowing dip of the hips. Pushed to the point of delirium, Simon arches up canting his hips and embedding himself to the root. "Love this. Love you," he gasps. Oh god, he's said it. He means it.

Jayne stills for a moment and stares down at him, eyes softening to that deep dense blue of a summer evening. "Been thinking I love you too," he says.

Time slows, slows, stops… then a moment later they're back to normal and it's as if that outpouring of feelings has never happened.

Simon spits out his usual dirty commentary--"love having my cock in you. Jerk that big diao for me"--whilst keeping his eyes firmly fixed on Jayne. They've never fucked this way before and it's good, it's beautiful, and Simon comes so hard that he thinks he passes out for a couple of seconds. Le petit mort.

"Make up sex is the best," he sighs when all his senses have returned to their correct locations. "We should fight more often."

"Reckon we should rut more often." Jayne rolls off him knotting the used rubbers and throwing them on the floor. "Think we broke speed records there."

"Don't know about you, but I haven't any plans for the day," says Simon.

"Well, there's that laundry needs doing."