Dressing Room Show
by showife ©

It was one of those days that most husbands don't look forward to; going 
shopping with your wife. But it was a Saturday in early spring, and I 
wasn't too thrilled with the idea of doing yard work either. While we were 
on the way to the mall Sam told me that she wanted to look for a new 
swimsuit at a certain store that was having a sale. 

As usual the mall was quite crowded but eventually she found some things 
to try on. The dressing rooms were in the back of the store, but had just 
curtains that stopped about 2 feet above the floor over the doorways. It 
was interesting to watch the women change clothes, since you could see 
their legs and feet it was easy to tell how undressed each of them were. 

I was patiently waiting outside Sam's dressing room, just like the other 
husband/boyfriends that were there. I could tell Sam had taken her clothes 
off, and then see her step into the first suit to try on. You could tell 
she'd gotten it on, and was looking in the mirror by the way her feet 
turned and twisted. Eventually she peeked out to get my opinion, always 
tell them they look great, before trying on another one.

When she pulled the curtain shut she somehow managed to leave it open 
couple of inches. Now I had a front row seat as I watched my wife bend 
over and take off the swimsuit. Through the opening I could easily see her 
white ass, and small green knickers. I presume that if I could have been 
looking in at more of an angle I could have seen even more. I quickly 
glanced around to see if there were any lurkers watching and sure enough a 
couple people were standing behind me, and one of the other husbands had 
also noticed.

Soon Sam reached out and grabbed another suit to try on. She was still 
oblivious to the show she was giving as she had her back to us all. I 
could tell as she bent over to step into the suit that a couple of the men 
had caught a view of her bare breasts as they were looking in from the 
side. When she had pulled it up I thought that I'd better save the day and 
quickly got up and went to see how she was doing. She pulled the curtain 
wide open and showed me the suit. I complimented her on how well it showed off her body, but she thought it fit wrong.

She pulled the curtain closed as she turned her back to me to try on the 
last one. This time she didn't even get it shut as far as before, so it 
must have been open 4-5 inches. I'm sure the guys that were watching 
thought that I was going to pull it shut since I was standing right there, 
but instead I went back to the chair I had been sitting in and just 
watched. 

The curtain was open wide enough so that we could all see most of Sam's 
ass as she bent over to step out of the swimsuit. When she reached over to 
hang it up, and grab the last one she stretched across the curtain opening 
and gave us all a good side view of her little breasts. 

When she was exposed like that she finally realized that the curtain was 
open and quickly pulled it shut. It was a few minutes before she finally 
opened it again to show me this last suit. She was still blushing a bit as 
she looked around to see how many people might have seen her little tits. 
This was by far the best one yet, and the sexiest as her nipples clearly 
showed though the fabric, but she said she didn't like it either. By then 
I was once again standing next to her curtain, and as she began to close 
it I asked her to leave it open a bit. She frowned at me, but left it open 
a couple of inches.

Before she could start to undress I stuck my head in and told her how 
great she looked in (and out) of all of them. She must have figured that I 
had something in mind so she didn't respond. When I popped my head back 
out the curtain opened a little wider, to about 6 inches. By now the 
waiting area had cleared out a bit, and only one husband was still sitting 
in the chairs. 

However, there was still one guy hanging around the clothes racks trying 
to look into the dressing rooms. The husband had a perfect view into Sam's 
cubicle from his chair and was intently staring at Sam changing. The other 
guy was quickly maneuvering into position so he could get a better view. 
Just about that time one more husband joined the group that was waiting 
for their women, while watching my wife.

I peeked in real quick and saw that Sam was now wearing only her little 
knickers. Upon seeing this I quietly pulled the curtain aside under the 
pretense of talking to her, but at the same time to give them all an 
unobstructed view of my wife in her knickers. When she reached for her bra 
she turned to face the open curtain and she saw what I was doing. She 
noticed the men staring at her body, but since she couldn't do anything 
about it, she simply continued getting dressed. They watched in amazement 
as I moved to the side a bit and held the curtain while she finished 
getting dressed.

Sam had decided not to buy any of the swimsuits so we quickly left the 
store. The non-husband voyeur followed us for a few minutes but gave up 
when he realized the show was over. 





 
