Extra - a Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



It all started so innocently. Well, that isn't exactly true.
There was an edge to the normally lighthearted hijinks, something
sinister and sadistic, that was there from the very beginning. It
wasn't very noticeable at first, but it was there nonetheless,
hidden inside the typical horseplay of a working theater company.
This type of fun was nothing new to the cast, they'd all
participated in similar behavior during past performances, on
other sets, with different groups of actors. Playing the same
roles day in and day out can get quite boring, so it is only
natural to resort to jokes and games on your fellow actors as a
way to alleviate that boredom. Move some of the furniture around,
so the other actors have to run an obstacle course to get to
their proper place on stage. Try to get them to smile during a
serious scene, or flub an important line. Make silly faces when
the audience can't see, but the other players can. There are all
sorts of opportunities for mischief in live theater. Some of that
mischief is physical, and it was always that sort that Brad
chose.


Brad was an extra. Although not a very good actor, the theater
company still had to use him. Brad's aunt was a huge contributor
whose cash kept the struggling group alive, and without it they
wouldn't last a month. It didn't matter how badly Brad acted, he
would be on stage because auntie big bucks wanted him there. To
minimize the damage, the company gave him the smallest roles they
could, walk-on parts and background bits without too much
substance - the fewer lines the better. Brad didn't seem to mind
this a bit, and appeared happy to just be part of the theater
scene, but he was merely burying his resentment. That resentment
came out in the way Brad participated in the behind the scenes
hijinks, his jokes and horseplay always rode the border between
funny and just plain mean. If he snapped a bra strap, the context
would be funny, and people would laugh, but the snap would always
be enough to hurt, not just make noise or startle. Almost all of
his gaming had a sexual edge to it, not quite harassment, but
definitely indecent and embarassing.


Janet quickly became the focus of most of Brad's attentions, much
to her dismay. She was a stunner, made for the spotlight. A lean
five foot ten inch frame, with smooth slinky curves that weren't
voluptuous at all, but no less feminine for it. A bottle blond,
she kept her golden locks long and flowing, and they framed her
elfin face fabulously. She could have been a fashion model,
except her breasts were much too heavy to pull off the boyish
look most of the designers desire, and she didn't want to just
look pretty - she wanted to act, to be an actress on the stage.


Brad took things to another level with her, no longer skirting
the edge, he plunged right on into the territory of full blown
harassment. His hands were everywhere. He fondled, he pinched, he
opened buttons, he pulled at zippers, he made the crudest
comments and jokes, and otherwise behaved like a total cad. Janet
immediately went to the director to complain, and with utmost
honesty the director told her he sympathized with her
predicament, but because of auntie big bucks, there wasn't a
thing he could do about it. Unwilling to look for another acting
gig, Janet became resigned to Brad's antics. She still reacted
and protested the indignities, mostly out of habit and a need to
save face, but did so in a deflated almost defeated manner. Brad
sensed this resignation and weakness, and it spurred him on to
new heights. He knew he could do just about anything to this
woman, and she would put up with it, just so she could stay in
the limelight.


The escalation took place on stage. Previously Brad had kept his
fondling and undressing confined to the backstage area, where he
could blow it off as horseplay, and never molested Janet anywhere
else. No public witnesses, just the friendly folks of the
company, safely controlled by auntie's purse strings. He
continued to make sure that he was never seen by anyone but his
fellow actors, but Janet now had to endure the results of his
harassment in front of an audience. She could be subjected to a
"wardrobe failure" at any time, potentially exposing her tits,
her ass, or whether the carpet matched the drapes to the
unsuspecting theater patrons. Mostly she caught these before they
were too bad, but occasionally the audience got quite an eyefull,
which humiliated Janet deeply. Worse was when Brad would hide
somewhere in the scenery, to fondle and play with Janet's body
just out of view, perhaps hidden under a tablecloth or behind
draperies. Janet did her best to keep a straight face, and
deliver her lines, with Brad fingering her snatch, pinching her
nipples, or licking her toes, but it wasn't easy, and the front
row guests sometimes thought there was something odd about her
performance. Sometimes they liked this perceived oddness.


It wasn't long before Brad took things to an inevitable
milestone, quite a distance from those innocent beginning antics
by friendly castmembers breaking backstage boredom, achieved
quite quickly due to the rapid escalation of the molestation once
Janet had become an objectified plaything, a fantasy to be
enjoyed, and the subject of revenge for all the frustrations Brad
felt. Brad was satisfied with nothing less than Janet having an
orgasm while on stage. She had to cum, in front of the entire
audience, while she was in her role, acting her heart out. He
didn't care if she stayed in character, or kept her cool, that
was her problem. He just wanted her to cum, and to know she had
cum, right there on center stage.


Janet certainly didn't want to lose her cool. She was a
professional, and wanted to be seen as such. Professionals don't
lose it in the middle of a performance. Never mind that she
didn't want hundreds of people to watch her in obvious orgasmic
spasms, which was also true, it was enough that she didn't want
her acting tainted in any way. Sexual embarassment was a powerful
emotive force, but it was secondary to her desire to be perceived
as a great actress. That added pressure to her already explosive
emotional state. She got terribly aroused by Brad when he did
these things to her while she was acting, the situation seemed to
add an extra charge to every touch or teasing move he made,
electrifying her. The tension of trying to stay in control, while
a hall full of people watched her every move and listened to
every sound she made, took her to levels of sexual stimulation
she had never experienced before, which made the inevitable
orgasms that much more intense and harder to manage.


The first time Brad made her cum in front of an audience, Janet
almost lost it completely. She turned bright red in the face,
flubbed a line, and was visibly shaky. Luckily it had been during
a scene that was supposed to be highly charged emotionally, a
major confrontation between characters, so other than the
stammer, all of what happened on stage fit right in with what the
audience was expecting. None of them had a clue they had just
witnessed the most intense sexual moment of Janet's life - so
far. The other actors knew what had happened, though, and so did
the director. The director was upset enough to chew Brad a new
asshole after the show, and one of the male leads gave serious
thought to simply kicking the shit out of the asshole, but a
later phonecall from auntie ensured that neither of them wanted
to get involved again.


It never got any easier. Janet did a better job of controlling
herself, but the act of control was an iffy thing at best. That
she hid the turmoil better didn't mean she had any more control.
She didn't. Each time was a true test of her will, and she could
easily fail. She never gave thought to complaining, she had
already resigned herself, and complaining wasn't going to do any
good so far as she was concerned. In that assumption she was
correct, but the resignation to her fate did something to her.
She became connected to Brad in a way she didn't really
understand. She knew he fed on her energies, but wasn't aware
that this was now a two-way street, and that she fed on his.


That energy peaked during a particularly promising play the
company was performing. They made it to "Off Broadway", instead
of the usual "off-off-off-off" venues they were used to. Actual
theater critics and reviewers were part of the larger audience,
and the actors all knew it. This was a chance to be noticed, one
good review by the right critic could make a career - or a bad
one could cause ruin. All of the actors and actresses kicked it
up a notch, or two.


Brad also kicked it up to another level. He was playing with
Janet from the first moment the curtains rose, taking every
advantage he could to tease and torment her. The buttons down the
back of Janet's dress all popped off during the first dance
number, and only previous experience with a failing costume kept
her from losing the garment entirely. Having to change quickly
between scenes meant the players frequently had no more on than
the outer shell of a costume, the appearance of being fully
clothed merely a stage illusion, and Janet had only a light pair
of cotton panties on beneath the dress. No one knew how close
they came to seeing a topless revue, except Janet.


Being nearly naked, with the only thing keeping her from almost
total exposure to the large audience a dress she could barely
keep from dropping away, sent shivers of excitement through her
entire body. A small part of her wanted to go ahead and let it
fall, let the audience see just how sexy she was, how alive, how
turned on. The professional in her was horrified! Both the
situation, and her own reaction to it, caused her fearful
anticipation and heavy shame. She shouldn't be feeling like this,
and she knew it was only the beginning. Brad wouldn't be done
with her until the final curtain call. The feeling of the hot
lights on her bare skin through the wide open back of the dress
added to a feeling of already being naked, exposed, open to the
hundreds of theater goers all intently watching her.


She managed to keep the open back and missing buttons from being
noticed during the scene, but Brad took advantage of the loose
garment to reach in and fondle her bare breasts every time the
dance carried her into the wings, away from the eyes of the
audience for a moment. She had to tuck herself in the last time,
after he had roughly pinched her nipples and tugged hard enough
that her left breast came all the way out in the open. The heat
of embarassment was in her face, which did nothing to cool the
fires raging in her loins. This situation was almost too much for
her - a huge audience, potentially life changing media people in
attendance, a dream role, being part of a real production, and
Brad mercilessly playing with her body and emotions. The pressure
and emotional conflicts Janet felt were indescribably intense,
but she persevered. She was hornier than she could ever remember
being, and more than a little scared, but she persevered.


Brad pinched, prodded, caressed, and teased, but there were no
more wardrobe events. Janet calmed slightly as the play
progressed without any further risk of indecent exposure. The
teasing was much more than she had become used to, and Brad was
adding to it by talking extremely nastily, whispering the most
degrading things in her ear while his hands roamed at will, using
words like "slut" and "whore", but at least she had her costumes
to keep it under wraps.


The next to the last scene had the players seated at a dinner
table, Janet seated towards the middle and facing the audience. A
long flowing tablecloth allowed Brad to sneak underneath
undetected, and he quickly went to work. Janet tried to keep her
legs closed, but Brad was both persistant and tricky. Whenever
Janet had a line to deliver, he would pinch her thighs while
prying apart her knees. In order to concentrate on what she had
to say, Janet had to relax her vigilance under the tablecloth.
Once her knees were spread, Brad made sure he was wedged between
them so that they couldn't come back together. He tormented her
without mercy, timing the worst things for when she had to speak.
He pinched her inner thighs, he pulled her cotton panties down
and off leaving her completely naked beneath her costume, he
rubbed her pussy and blew gently on her clit. Janet was on fire!
She couldn't believe no one was noticing her intense blush. She
tried to scoot back in the chair so that Brad wouldn't have
access to her dripping hole, but the cheap prop chairs didn't
leave much room to move, and he still had her spread wide open,
exposed to whatever he might want to do.


The scene drew to an end, and Janet began to feel relieved. She
had maintained throughout the worst of Brad's assaults, and the
final scene was a soliloquy, she would be on stage alone, where
he could no longer get at her. The moment of relief turned to
horror when she felt something being pushed up inside her pussy,
a thick plastic egg! Would she have to hold it inside during her
scene, or risk it dropping out right on the stage in front of God
and everyone? That worry quickly left as she felt the big pieces
of duct tape Brad had strategicly placed under the table earlier
get firmly pressed in a tight X across her pussy, holding the egg
firmly inside.


Janet almost winced when she thought about how painful the
removal of that tape was going to be, since there would be no way
to avoid it pulling out most of her pubic hair. Unless her juices
loosened the tape, which seemed pretty solid, the egg was going
to stay right in her pussy, and no one would know about it, so
she no longer feared the horrifyingly kinky scenario of having it
pop out in the middle of her speech, but what was the point? She
wasn't sure, but it made her very nervous.


She didn't have time to change for the final scene, so the tape
still held the egg tightly inside her dripping snatch as she
walked out to center stage, under the main spotlight. Nervous,
excited, embarassed, wildly turned on, almost an emotional basket
case, she began her speech - and the egg began as well. It
vibrated! Brad stood just offstage, letting Janet see the remote
in his hand, as he made the egg vibrate at varying speeds and
intensities. Janet almost fell to the floor from the shockwave
the first vibrations sent up her spine, the feeling was so
intense as to be almost painful. Brad had a wicked grin on his
face, in spite of almost feeling sorry for Janet. He was sure
Janet would lose it, everyone would see what a slut she was,
playing perverted sex games on stage in front of all those
people. It excited him to be in such control, and to humiliate
that stuck-up bitch in front of everyone she cared about
impressing.


Janet was made of stronger stuff than that, though. She never
dropped a line. She virtually glowed as she gave the final lines
of the play. She spoke with emotional intensity, firmly in
command of her craft, expressing her art as best she could as
orgasm after orgasm rolled through her body. The egg, set now at
its highest level, seemed to be directly linked into her nervous
system. It was as if God's finger was pressing directly on her
clitoris! Too focused on her delivery, and holding herself
together, she never knew how many times she came, they all
blurred together in one big rolling spasm of energy unlike
anything she had ever experienced. It made that first orgasm Brad
had given her on stage so many months ago seem like a mere
sneeze!


Janet finished her lines, and Brad turned off the egg as the
audience exploded into applause! Calls of "Bravo! Bravo!" could
be heard. Janet held herself erect until the curtain fell, but
inside she was the consistency of melted butter. As soon as the
curtain was down, she fell to her knees, unable to stand a second
longer. The others in the cast all rushed out, picked her up, and
held her erect for the many curtain calls the thundering applause
of the audience, now all standing on their feet, demanded they
make.


The reviews were stellar. Janet was a star! The other players
were both happy for her, and jealous of her big break. A
top-notch company, whose players were frequently seen in the best
stagework on Broadway and beyond, offered her a place in their
cast, and she gratefully accepted.


She had only one condition, that they give Brad a job as well.
Extra would be fine.


          &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
