It had just started to snow when I walked out the door. I wanted to be alone for awhile and think about things. I lived out in the country so the roads were empty except for the occasional stray cat, so I walked along the driveway to the main road, which didn’t seem to take very long. The wind outside was a tad bit on the cold side, and chilled me to the bone. I wouldn’t normally walk alone by myself at night but tonight I just had to. Today I had run into an old flame of mine and the fire was still there. Actually to me it seemed to burn brighter then ever before. I had wanted to tell him everything that I never could, but the words just stuck in my throat and the moment died.
It was good to see him again, and I just couldn’t stop thinking about him. I remembered the way he held me so close to him way back then. He had this unusual way of rocking me like I was a small child. I felt so safe then at that time.
I was rather young and very confused about life back then. So when I found out that life wasn’t as perfect as I had thought it was, I ran from it. I had found the safest way away from my feelings that I could. I found someone who made me safe right then with no worries about the future or his feelings for me. Rousing from my musings, I noticed that I no longer could see the lights of my house. The wind had picked up just enough that it began to sting my eyes making them tear up. Which to my way of thinking fit my mood perfectly, looking around me again wanting to find some place warmer then in the cold but not wanting to go home just yet, I noticed a cabin set off to the side of the road. Knocking on the door which hung onto its hinges with a stubbornness to which anyone would respect, I poked my head in and asked in a soft tone of voice, “Hello anyone home?”
Getting no response I pushed the door a little more ajar and stepped into the interior of what looked to be a very empty room. There was no furniture to speak of in the room, but there was a fireplace along one wall still setup for a fire, nothing else remained. Taking the lighter from my pocket I stepped over to the fireplace thinking to start a small fire to warm myself all the while wondering what I was going to do if the owners came home soon. A few minutes later I had a warm fire blazing in the old place. I then decided to check out the rest of the cabin hoping to find maybe an old blanket but to no avail.
Nothing remained of the occupants except a few broken pieces of furniture. Grabbing a few armloads of wood I headed back to the fireplace deciding to warm up a bit. As I sat down on the hard wood floor I started thinking again of today and of him. He had been the love of my life for awhile and seeing him today just made me realize that no matter how much time had passed I was still very much in love with him. I could still close my eyes and breathe in his smell and feel his arms, his kisses and that slow rocking of his. I had missed him so much and yet I still was unable to tell him the truth of the situation. I wanted to tell him of all the lonely nights and of the void that had taken his place when he had closed that door so long ago and walked away.
I hadn’t noticed the time when I had left or even remembered to wear my watch, so time to me wasn’t a thing to contend with at that moment. I didn’t even stop to think that someone might be out there in the cold looking for me. All I could think about was his arms holding me, comforting me, making me safe. His touch was so soft it was like having silk run softly over my whole body.
Sending shivers of pleasure down my spine, knotting my stomach with a need not unknown to most women. His hands always seemed to know where to touch to give me pleasure. At the same time nuzzling my neck and whispering sweet nothings to me. Making me want to throw back my head and sing to the heavens with his touch and glorious words of love.
Wrapping my coat a little snugger around me for the warmth, I tossed another piece of wood on the fire. Wishing for the entire world that he was there right then, but still unsure what I would do if he were. With this thought a soft voice whispered in the wind, “Your wish is granted”. I looked around to see if I was just hearing things in my musings. Not knowing who or what would be out on this type of night but me. Thinking that my mind was probably just cold and playing tricks on me, I looked outside to see how badly the weather had picked up. As far as my eyes could see there was white. Like a giant mystical blanket had been placed upon the land, wherever my eyes searched there was white and nothing else.
Closing the door I decided to just stay put where I was until the snow had ended. I could see no reason why I should leave and head for home just to get lost in the cold. Sitting back down in front of the fire I closed my eyes thinking, if only for a moment. After all it had been a long hard day and with the cold I was tired. Before long I had nodded off to sleep with dreams of him dancing around in my thoughts. Taking me back to a time where he was there making even the most regular thing as a sunset look more radiant then ever before.
I was sitting on a bench looking out over a lake watching the sun go down with him. We had just finished eating a cold chicken dinner that he had brought with us. Looking into his eyes I could remember seeing all the love that I had wanted but had never seen until it was too late. It was like I was given a second chance to make things right. I remembered the night so well it had been a beautiful night until we had decided that we were not being fair to each other. So we had walked away from each other without a backward glance at what had been offered. I didn’t know if I could relive this nightmare, but with a determination born of desperation I began the night again only this time making subtle changes in the way we held hands and touched. I felt his hands so soft and gentle holding me in his arms.
I had begun letting my hands roam freely over his body first on the outside of his clothing and then slowly beginning a sensual exploration into the front of his shirt. Running the tips of my fingers along teasing the hairs on his chest and across to his nipple. Hearing his shuddering intake of breath encouraged me to continue my exploration. Using the tip of my tongue to run it along his jaw line, nipping ever so gently enjoying his flavor.
Feeling a bit restricted in my movements with the buttons on his shirt, I pulled my hand out and began to unbutton it slowly, looking into his eyes with a question that I knew only he could answer. As the last button was undone and his shirt was finally opened to my exploring fingers, I could hear his breathing as it was forced between his semi parted lips. His voice was strained with his growing need of me, as he asked, “what I thought I was going to do to him?”
Smiling at him as I lowered my head so that I might enjoy the taste of him. Flicking my tongue over each nipple until they reached out to me with their excitement. I knew by his reaction that I was going to get what I wanted. By the way his hands reached up into my hair gripping it softly, holding me to him. Taking the hint I slide my hands further down his chest, until I had reached the top of his jeans. Running my fingers teasingly along the waistband of his jeans, temptingly dipping them in once in a while. Just until I could feel the tip of his arousal, then removing them.
Noticing how uncomfortable we were on the bench, I repositioned us so now I was sitting on my knees facing him. Working my tongue slowly down his chest licking and suckling every sensitive area I could think of, taking my time to move lower on his stomach to reach his belly button dipping my tongue into it to explore every crevasse. Making sure to love every square inch of him with my tongue, hands and mouth. Savoring his taste and smell with each touch remembering how he felt to me. Sliding lower on his body I was just able to touch the rim of his jeans with my exploring tongue. Using my teeth to gently worry the button lose and then undone. Feeling his hands tighten in my hair gave me the go ahead for what I had planned for next.
Moving lower still I slowly began to tug his pants down releasing the erection to stand firm and tall waiting for the exquisite torture, I had planned. Smiling I took just a moment to look at his beautiful erection. Then I lowered my mouth to hover just above his engorged member. With a quick stroke I took him all the way to the back of my throat, then tightening my lips around him to slowly begin a tormenting upward stroke with my mouth curling my tongue around the underside of him.
Hollowing my cheeks as I sucked him into my mouth moving upwards along his length. As I reached the head again I slowly licked the slit with the tip of my tongue. Lapping gently at first and only revolving my lips around his engorged head. Hearing his moans of pleasure gave me the greatest delight, knowing that I was pleasuring him with my love. With the first taste of his pre-cum I thrust him deeply into the back of my throat again.
Making sure to do a few twirls of my tongue as I worked my way back up, causing him to groan with even more pleasure. He tasted so delicious to me that I never wanted to stop; I began a slow rhythm using my inquisitive hands and mouth keeping the pace slow and sensual. Suckling harder with each stroke of my mouth, making sure to swirl my tongue around the head and base each time. I felt when he began to join in, thrusting his hips upward and shoving himself into my wet mouth. Moaning my name hoarsely with each earthy thrust.
Working my hands around behind him I went in search of the treasure box that awaited my questing fingers. Finding it I worked my index finger in, beginning careful so as not to hurt him. Using my finger to love him as he would a woman. With this his erection grew, so that it was hard to fit him all the way inside my mouth, but I held on and pleasured him, as best as I could.
With a guttural sound from the heavens he lifted himself up into my mouth with such a force to rock me back enough, that the first shot of his cum missed my hungry mouth and landed on my open lips. Not wanting to miss any of his love nectar I quickly slip him back into my mouth swallowing down every drop as if it was the water of my life.
As his hands released my hair from their hold, he leaned back a little giving a sigh of satisfaction. Letting his now deflated member slide between my lips and fall limply into his lap. Not sure of what to do next I stood up and looked around to see if anyone has noticed us. I turned away from him so as to gather up the courage I will need for this next part. Then I felt his gentle oh so wonderful touch as his hands gripped my shoulders turning me to face him.
Looking him in the eyes I could still see the love laying there for me. In my heart the strings that held it in place broke apart and my heart swelled with all my love for him. Knowing I needed to say something I smiled at him and reached up to touch his face with my hand. Enjoying the feel of the stubble upon his cheek. Knowing this wasn’t going to last long I started to form the words that needed to be said, otherwise I knew I would lose him again. This time forever and my heart just couldn’t stand that again. So sitting down on the bench with him I opened my mouth and began to speak. At first tentatively, then growing braver with every passing moment, explaining to him how much I loved him and how I was sorry for everything.
If we could I wanted a fresh start with him. Making sure that he knew just how much I depended on him and his love. I needed him so badly that it began to hurt again just as bad as it had the first time. Looking into his saddened eyes I had a sinking feeling that it wasn’t meant to be for us. I knew this time at least I had told him everything that needed to be said. With a sadness that was tearing out my soul I wished that it hadn’t happened again like this. Then I heard a whisper so soft and sweet tell me, “wish granted”!
The room had gotten quite cold during my nap. Slipping to the fireplace to put on another piece of wood made it warm up a little better. Hearing footsteps on the porch outside I turned my attention towards the door. Waiting for the owners to come in and arrest me. To my amazement he walked in, this was my dream come true. Then it hit I realized I was still dreaming, or so I thought! Seeing him again I couldn’t help but whisper, “I love you so much”. As he walked towards me he smiled, such a look of wonder came across his face, which made me pause. This wasn’t a dream and this time I knew it as he reached down to take my hands into his.
“Your hands are cold my dearest love” putting my hands up to his mouth he began to blow warmth into my fingers. Giving me life in places that had been frozen for so long. Seeing the question in my eyes he simply smiled at me making me wonder what was going on. Sitting down beside me he slipped his arms around me, I couldn’t help but snuggle down closer into his warmth. I could feel his breathing against my hair. Smelling my fragrance just as I was savoring his it was just as I had recalled.
Why he had come and how had found me, I looked up into his face wanting to ask those questions. Only to find his mouth waiting to give me the answers I was looking for. My breath was stolen away from me at that moment; it had been so long since I had been kissed like that. My body’s reaction was a bit different then what I had expected as the juices began to flow through my budding flower. When he finally lifted his mouth from mine I found him smiling down at me, then with unspoken words we laid back together.
The floor was chilly but we didn’t notice as our bodies clung to each other, with a need of years taking its toll. Slowly undressing him was a pleasure to me. I listened to his breathing pick up pace which only made me smile all the more. Teasing his nipples with my fingertips and then bending to taste them. He tasted so good to me; I just couldn’t get enough of him. His feel was wonderful as I stroked my hands down his stomach using a feather touch across the hairs along his happy trail until I reached his pants.
Looking up to him I notice the glazed passion look that was his alone. Taking that as my cue to continue I slowly unbuttoned his pants lowering my eyes to savor the need that I can feel there with my hands. Releasing him from his confines makes me gasp with surprise; I had forgot how exquisite of a male he was. I couldn’t wait to wrap my tongue around him, lowering my head to flick my tongue around the engorged head. Taking my time to enjoy his taste and feel, sliding lower along his shaft to finally fill my throat with his flavor.
Rolling my tongue I find my way back up just to slowly go back down. This time making sure to reach his base with my tongue tip flicking softly around his cock in my mouth. Feeling his hands as he begins to set up a rhythmic pace to my suckling of him. I was really enjoying him and didn’t want to stop so when he pulled my head away from his beckoning shaft I groaned telling him of my disappointment.
Turning me over to my back he begins to undress me taking pleasure in the small moans escaping from my lips. Capturing one of my nipples between his teeth he bit down softly at first then harder. The moan that arose from my throat this time was one of pure rapture as my body arches up to meet his hungry mouth. This was heaven and I was enjoying every stolen moment of it. I began to shiver with anticipation at his touch wanting more.
His touch was so magical to me just as I had remembered. The heat from his breath on my skin was sending tingling sensations along my spine, sending my womanhood to throbbing with my pent up need of him. When we were both finally undressed it was nothing to explore all the places that had been long over do for a check up. He kissed his way up one leg teasing me as he reached the y between my legs, bypassing it to work his way down the other. Torturing me with his tongue and lips ever so gently working over every spot his delicious mouth could reach of me.
Working his hungry mouth back up along my leg, he reached my budding flower. Then dipped his tongue into my forming nectar. He must have desired more of my taste for he delved in deeper this time. Groaning through my teeth trying so hard not to scream with the feel of his magical touch. Feelings ran through me like a river, I wanted all of him, anything or everything I could just as long as it was with him. Using his mouth to kiss my nether lips, long and sensuously bringing me to the brink of no return. Soon I was beginning to think that I could live in this heaven when his fingers began probing my love cannel making the moans grow louder with every swirl of his tongue. Delirious with pleasure, I began begging for release to which he answered me with only a small chuckle.
Lifting his head long enough to ask, “problems my love, would you prefer me to stop”? I knew it wouldn’t take very much longer and I would be to far gone to return but I wanted more. I wanted him to fill me so full of himself that I began to beg for just that. Whispering, “please” several times while trying not to give into what my heated body was telling me. Finally his head lifted and there in his eyes was more love then I had ever seen in my life. His amber eyes shone with a brilliance to outshine the sun. He was so beautiful to me at that moment, my heart expanded to love him all that much more. I knew no matter what, I had to have him totally and now.
There must have been something in my look that informed him how much I wanted him. He took my hands into his just holding them as if they were precious to him. I could tell he was just as bad off as I was when he positioned himself between my quivering legs and I could feel him fitted against my heated flesh. With passion taking control of us he joined us to become one with a single thrust of his hips. Taking us both to the clouds, racing each other to freedom and loving every minute we had. Joining with him in his thrusts bringing each other to total fulfillment as each stroke came harder and faster.
We sent each other spinning out of control as we reached for the stars, breaking heavens door. When the stars finally stopped falling around us. As our breathing slowed to a more normal pace he whispered to me softly, “I love you to my sweetness, are you ready to go home now”? Looking up into his eyes I knew then my wish had indeed been granted. There would be no more lonely nights, no more tears, only laughter and love.
As we walked out into the snow that night I heard the sweetest voice whisper to tell me, “Wish granted” smiling to myself as we headed for home together.