
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                                  Katya

Galloping Pulse

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

   Descending the steps one by one, I mentally rehearsed a dozen
   excuses why it might have taken so long to engage in a simple act
   of nature (Was I flossing? Stopping by to look at Nicole's stamp
   collection? Catching up on National Geographic photos?)

   But fortunately, when I arrived back downstairs Katya appeared to
   be deeply engrossed in the movie, and once I was again seated
   beside her. She remained silent and impenetrable, painted
   fingernails drumming impulsively, every now and then throwing out
   a dismal sigh of neglect and abandonment.

   The TV had switched from the black and white movie to some
   cartoon about horses, executed with the oversentimental
   stuffiness insufferably typical of Disney, but the name and the
   plot I confess I cannot recite, for reasons which may become
   clear shortly.

   Nicole arrived grinning, clad in long white gauzy nightshirt, all
   refreshed and clean, hair still damp from bathing. She shoehorned
   herself into the narrow space to my left on the couch, and with
   Katya squeezed in on my right I found myself comfortably
   sandwiched between young scantily clad pelvises and thighs.

   My hands had no place to go, so they would keep winding up gently
   resting on a warm soft knee or foreleg in spite of my best
   attention. Such brushes seemed to strike up the spicy aroma from
   within Katya's thin pink shorts on one side, in pleasing
   counterpoint to the fresh scented piquancy from Nicole's eagerly
   bouncing presence on the other.

   The movie seemed to possess a plot of some contrivance, which at
   least provided an excuse for a prolonged chase sequence. So
   thrilling that I could feel the excitement in the agitations from
   my left, which spun out of orbit into a leap which targeted as
   its destination my humble lap.

   "Horsie ride!" yelled Nicole, legs spread around mine as she
   faced me. I caught a glimpse of her naked sweetness from beneath
   the nightshirt, as it dawned on me her neglect to don negligee.
   And here I had always thought one rode a horse sitting on its
   back, so much we have to learn from the tender wisdom of a simple
   child.

   "Come on, sis," she boisterously grabbed Katya's thigh above the
   knee. "Come ride with me!"

   Katya collapsed momentarily off balance swallowed by the couch,
   but then snapped out of her gothic mood with a shrewd smile,
   climbing onto my lap behind her sister. Please note that neither
   of the two young females had bothered to consult the owner of the
   poor environmentally sensitive region between them, but rather,
   amid uncontrollable giggles, took to kneading it with rather more
   erotic lingering than was condign to young girls of such a
   delicate age.

   "This is quite a movie," I exclaimed. "I really feel like I'm
   part of the action!"

   "Giddyap horsie!" shouted Nicole.

   "Giddiyup!" replied Katya.

   The manner with which Katya gripped and held her sister about the
   waist, one carefully nailpolished hand on either side, seemed
   designed as much by sensuous desire as by childlike horseplay,
   using her little sister's body to brace the rhythmic arching of
   her back as she pressed the thin pink hot-pants into me with
   pelvic thrusts that spread moist heat against my prefecture of
   fullness.

   The quivering release of her breath echoed in a faint tremor that
   rippled through my consciousness, as my vision became trapped as
   if held inside the heart-shaped locket that dangled from around
   her neck, inside the half-open mouth beneath her half-closed
   eyes, my imaginary tongue wandering down alleyways of glittering
   trinkets twinkling sparkles into the semi-blacked out vision of
   my rushing heartbeat.

   The swirling clouds that encircled and enshrouded me faded into
   the irrelevant chatter of the television movie, both girls having
   sunk into sultry, sensuous silence.

   The trance broke irritatingly by the harsh jangling of a
   telephone, which Nicole sprang upward to answer, leaving me
   facing Katya in a most intimate position, which she bashfully
   subsided once abandoned by her sister, and resumed her position
   at my side.

   "Your mom told me that you should be in bed by 9:30 for school
   tomorrow," I asserted, slapping my thigh into standing. It was
   now 9:35. I turned off the TV.

   "Ok," said Katya faintly, finger looping twirls through her
   honey-blonde curls, chin against knee, then in a delayed reaction
   rolled off the chair and bounded up the steps out of sight.

   "Bed!" I said pointing at the clock, to the effusive phone-bound
   Nicole.

   ". . .And she said `Whaddya mean, you want to see my what? Get
   real!' Anyway, gotta go. Talk to you tomorrow. What? OK. Bye!"
   she deposited the receiver with a clattering blow and trounced
   off up the stairs after her sister.

   Breathing a wash of relief that temptation, once again thwarted,
   had now retired securely to its abode of iniquity for the night,
   and I relaxed back into the armchair to read a chapter or two of
   "Les Miserables."

   Maybe some light music from the radio would serve to cover up the
   creaking springs from above as Katya found release in her
   sister's moist lingual exercises, but no matter. Out of sight,
   out of mind.

   I would look to the noble example of gallant Valjean to rescue me
   from the momentary lapse into the seductress temptations of. . .

   A light padding on the stairs.

   I heard Katya calling impatiently, from out of sight in the
   sisters' shared room. "Get to bed," she hissed. "Where do you
   think you're going?"

   "Just a sec!" called Nicole from halfway down the stairs. "I
   gotta go pee!"

   "But the downstairs's broken," protested Katya.

   "I have to get a glass of water then. Just a sec, I'll be right
   up!"

   "All right," was the skeptical reply.

   Beautiful cozy and soft Nicole leaned over and whispered
   affectionately in my ear: "Wait about ten minutes, then come up.
   Don't knock, just open the door. Tiptoe, really quietly."

   I felt a stirring in under my loincloth at the thought. "But,
   wait a minute. I can't. I'm, uh, reading my book."

   She frowned. "Don't you think you should check up on us, to make
   sure we got to sleep OK? What kind of babysitter are you?"

   What a question! Cautiously I ventured: "Well I, uh, guess, um,
   the kind of babysitter that's not very experienced." Then
   foolishly, I blurted: "Maybe you just need to help me out with
   some clues." Me and my big mouth.

   She grinned, whispering once more into my ear: "We'll show you
   everything, don't worry!" then, with a quick tickle for her
   friend in my lap, dashed up the stairs again, leaving me
   completely unglued.

   Ten minutes. I glanced at the clock. I wasn't planning to go up,
   of course. No way. Well, maybe just to listen from outside the
   door to be sure they were snoring properly and so on. No, I
   couldn't do that! Well, maybe just a teensy peek in, to be sure
   they hadn't gone and sneaked off to watch dirty movies
   downtown. . .

   This conversation played frantically through my mind for
   approximately forever, though the sweep-second hand counting
   increments of minutes ticking by in silence preserved the
   illusion that time had maintained its integrity and had, in fact,
   not come to a complete standstill.

   The book lay open in front of my eyes, as the words attempted to
   resolve into symbolic meanings and concepts, but against my best
   mental efforts kept disintegrating into letters which in turn
   collapsed into a chaotic random collection of shapes and
   squiggles that crawled across the coarse surface of paper like a
   legion of shadowy snakes slithering the dark crevices of the
   garden of Eden.

                                                           Chapter 3

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
