A mysterious board game makes its players do what it wants, again.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Eroji 2: The Next Game (mF, magic, mc, nc, parody, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Kaden considered the Eroji box. He had found it on the shelf with the other games like Monopoly and Catan, but he had no memory of the old board game. For some reason, his dick started to get hard as he looked at the box.

"Hey, Ava?" he called out.

His babysitter came around the corner. "Yeah?"

Kaden's breath caught as he beheld the tall, sexy 18-year-old redhead. At 15, he was too old to need a babysitter, but when his parents went out they asked her to watch him anyway. Maybe they were in denial about him growing up? He wasn't going to complain; he had had a crush on her for a while now.

"You wanna play a board game?"

She screwed up her face as she came closer in her tight t-shirt and short-shorts that showed off her incredible legs. "That's what you want to play for our last night together? Not Mortal Kombat or Mario Kart?"

Kaden was sad that summer was practically over and Ava would be heading off to college. He wanted...he wanted...

"I want to play this." And then he popped the top off of the box.

Ava suddenly felt oddly warmer, more relaxed, and had the room darkened a little? "Sure, buddy. How do you play?" They moved to the couch and she sat next to him, her eyes half-lidded.

There was no instruction manual, but they figured it out quickly. Several piles of cards held together with rubber bands, a couple plastic figures, one male shaped and one female, and a plastic spinner arrow on a cardboard backing. They put their figures on the starting point and spun to see who would start. Kaden won with his 4 vs. Ava's 3.

Kaden spun: 1. He moved his figure forward and read, "General Card." He picked the top card from that pile and read, "'It's just a game. You need to finish it. Pass it on.'" Confused, he passed the card to Ava, who also looked confused.

"Deja vu," she said, putting the card face up next to its pile.

"You too?" Kaden said. "I must have played this game before, but maybe it was a long time ago?"

"Maybe..." Ava said, spinning a 3: "Wild Card?" She took the top card of that pile. "What...? OH SHIT!"

Then she dropped the card and had what appeared to be an epileptic fit, her eyes wide, her extremities taut and strained, her tongue lolling out. Kaden didn't know what to do. He started to reach for his phone to call 911 when she calmed down.

"Fuck...fuck...fuck..." she gasped, her face flush.

"What happened?" Kaden asked. Ava's bare foot had ended up in his lap and was now pressing against his half-chub.

Ava pointed at the card on the floor. Kaden picked it up. It said, "'Orgasm.'"

"WHAT--?" Kaden goggled at his babysitter. "So...you just pretended to...do that?"

Ava sat back up shakily, leaving Kaden's crotch feeling abandoned by her foot. "No...that was real. The game..."

"It's just a game," Kaden said.

Ava paused, suddenly unconcerned. "Right...just a game...and it's your turn."

Kaden spun: 3...since he was already on space 1, he moved to the fourth space: Group Card: "'Everyone kiss the player next to you for 30 seconds, cardholder's choice first.' I guess this is meant to be played with more players?"

He and Ava moved their mouths together. Their eager tongues found each other, and they groaned at each other's passion. Kaden's cock was as hard as a rock when time ran out. He always loved kissing her...

But...he hadn't kissed her before...had he? The experience had been new, but also familiar somehow.

Ava spun another 3, making her move to the 6th square. Another Wild Card: "'Remove a large article of clothing, or 2 small.'"

Kaden's eyes went huge. Was she actually going to...

Ava stood up and pulled down her short-shorts, giving Kaden a brief look at her green bikini undies before she sat back down and tugged the bottom of her shirt down to cover them. Kaden was impressed that she had thought of a way to barely show some skin, even though she had lost her shorts.

He spun: 2, which put him on the 6th square with Ava, which meant another Wild Card. It was the same card! "Are you sure you shuffled these?" he asked, standing to remove his shirt...

Then he paused. No, he'd use Ava's gambit, and pulled his own shorts down instead, tugging his shirt down to cover his prominent hard-on. Nevertheless, he saw Ava glance at his package and swallow nervously before it was hidden away.

She spun a 2, so moved to space 8. Another Wild Card!

Kaden was about to say that there were a lot of Wild Cards, but had he said that before?

Ava took the card. "'Give a lapdance to another player until a card tells you to stop.' Shit..." She stood, which caused her shirt to shift back up, turned her back to Kaden, and then plopped her lap onto his, rolling her hips and sliding her panty-covered pussy against his hard, cotton-covered cock.

Kaden gasped. That felt great!

Ava passed him the spinner and he spun it on the couch cushion. 1, so Ava moved him forward to space #7: Group Card. She handed him the card and he read it aloud: "'Everyone's undergarments disappear?!'"

Then, all of a sudden, Ava's bare pussy lips were grinding against his unhindered cock, and they both gasped at the sudden skin-on-skin genital contact.

"Shit...gotta stop this..." Ava said, grabbing the spinner and hoping for a card that would tell her to stop the lapdance. Another 1 put her on space 9: General Card: "'Kiss another player for 30 seconds.'"

She turned around quickly and dropped back into Kaden's lap before they started to kiss again. At this angle she was able to push her pussy lips harder against the shaft of Kaden's above-average sized penis. They moaned into each other's mouth.

Then 30 seconds were up and Kaden spun again: 3, which moved him to space 10: Wild Card: "'Slip inside and keep going'?"

Then Ava mistimed one of her hip thrusts and half of Kaden's hard cock rushed inside her. "Oh!" she gasped, "Oh, my God!" But she didn't stop moving her hips, and soon he was fully embedded in her unprotected pussy. "Jesus!" she groaned, but she couldn't stop moving her hips because a card hadn't told her to.

She shakily flicked the spinner arrow: 2, which moved her to space #11: Group Card. She awkwardly reached back and took the card, reading it aloud: "'Everyone remember.'"

Then all at once it came back to them: Weeks before, as summer had started, Ava and her curvy friend Dawn had babysat Kaden and his cousin Kelsie when they had found this game, though it looked older, there had been a die instead of a spinner, and metal figures instead of plastic. As they played that game, clothes were removed, libidos were stoked, and all of the girls had some of Kaden's sperm inside them by the time the game finished.

Then it all came together in Ava's mind. Dawn had recently confided in her that she was pregnant, thinking that one of her boyfriend's condoms must have failed. That hadn't been it at all; Kaden had pumped the voluptuous brown-haired girl's womb full of sperm during that game and impregnated her!

Remembering blasting Dawn's unprotected pussy with his cum during the first game pushed Kaden over the edge. He groaned and thrust his hips up, achieving maximum penetration inside his babysitter's vagina as he came. "Unhh!"

Ava couldn't stop moving her hips, even as she heard Kaden start to cum. "No! No no no...." She couldn't stop moving atop him as the younger teen's seed spurted into her again and again.

She was mortified, but her period had ended just a few days ago. She was in her safe time. Gasping, she handed the spinner to Kaden as she continued to fuck his softening dick.

He spun a 2, which put him on space #12: General Card: "'Recharge?'" Suddenly his cock roared back to life, filling back up with blood so fast that it made him light-headed.

"Oh!" Ava gasped as she felt his member quickly engorge inside her again. She spun again: Also a 2, which moved her to #13: General Card: "'Stop what you're doing and lie down.'"

"Oh, thank God!" she cried out as she pulled off of Kaden's reinvigorated cock and collapsed back onto the couch cushions, her legs shaking from the extended exertion.

She looked down as Kaden's sperm spilled out of her engorged pussy. She was relieved that she couldn't get pregnant at this time of the month, unlike poor Dawn last time they played.

As Kaden reached for the spinner she asked him, "Have you heard from Kelsie lately?"

"No...she went camping out of town a week or so ago. Might see her in a few days." He spun: 3, which brought his piece to space #15: Wild Card. He read it and a big smile came over his face.

A feeling of dread came over Ava as he shoved the card in her face. She read it: "'Unprotected vaginal intercourse. Continue until both cum.'"

"Oh noo..." she moaned as he jumped between her legs, thrusting. In no time he was inside her again. 'It's just a game,' she thought to herself, 'and I can't get pregnant right now so I might as well enjoy this, since the card says I have to cum too.' She began to thrust her hips back at him, feeling her pleasure rise.

She found that the coffee table and spinner were now within her reach...when had that happened? She reached over and spun: 3, and she tapped her piece forward to space #16: General. She grabbed the card from the top of the pile.

"No! NO!" she cried out.

"'Ovulate.'"

She dropped the card. That was impossible! There was no way...

She felt a slight pinching sensation deep on one side of her abdomen. It couldn't be...

But she knew: one of her ovaries had just released an egg, too soon after her last period. It was travelling down her fallopian tube, her own body somehow betraying her. Soon it would find the most successful of the sperm that Kaden had already deposited within her. Then, then...

"Unghh! Yeah..." Kaden thrust harder and Ava felt his cock expand within her.

"Noo...noooo..." she moaned, her legs instinctively enveloping the teenage boy as her own orgasm, held at bay during the lapdance and her first insemination of the day, overwhelmed her. "Unhhgghhh! Uhh!" she gasped.

She could feel his cock blasting her now-fertile insides with his potent, proven sperm. Her cervix spasmed open as her orgasm continued, and then his cock head lined up perfectly so that his next spurt of cum shot directly inside her womb. "No...ooohhh....oohhh..."

Her orgasm wound down, as did Kaden's. The terms of the card were met, and so they separated, another flood of sperm evacuating Ava's vagina as he withdrew. Not enough, though, she knew. The most dangerous ones were still deep inside.

Kaden spun: a 4 put him on space #19, the final space. "I won!" he exclaimed.

'You sure did,' Ava thought. 'Knocked up two, maybe three women now.'

Kaden looked at the finish square. "Hey, there's instructions: 'It was just a game. Forget, and tell no one.'"

Then they got dressed, packed up Eroji, and put it back up on the shelf. Then they forgot, as commanded.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).