Jenna and the High Dive
by Humilatron 

"Come on, Jenna. You have to do it. EVERYone does it," Sammy said.

"I dunno, Sammy," Jenna said looking at the diving platform that stood high above the pool. "It doesn't look safe."

"Jenna, don't be ridiculous," Sammy said. "You need to do this. Look even Little Peter did it."

"Don't call him that," Jenna said. "It's mean."

Sammy rolled her eyes. "Not my fault he lost his shorts and has a small wiener."

"It happened a long time ago, Sammy," Jenna said. "How would you like it if you lost your bathing suit and everyone saw?"

"I honestly wouldn't care," Sammy said. "I'm perfectly comfortable with my body. What about you, Jenna? I've known you 15 years and have never seen you in your underwear let alone naked. Even this suit of yours is pretty conservative."

Jenna looked down at her old tankini that was a bit worn out.

"My body isn't exactly bikini ready," Jenna said. "I'm not built like you, Sammy."

"Come on, babe. You're gorgeous. You need to get more confidence," Sammy said.

"In all your years of knowing me, you know I'm not a confident person," Jenna said. "I can't do it, Sammy. I'm too scared."

"What are you scared of?" Sammy asked. "Over 100 people have dived off of that diving board and NO one had an issue, Jenna."

"Yeah well there's always the first," Jenna said. "I can't do this."

Sammy groaned and rolled her eyes. "If I do it, will you do it? Would that make you feel better?"

Jenna thought to herself. "Alright. If you do it first, I'll do it after."

"Yay! Great!" Sammy said and immediately ran off to the high dive.

Jenna watched as Sammy climbed up the ladder. Jenna gulped as Sammy was so small from her view, but she knew it was her. Sammy didn't even hesitate as she did a back flip off of the high dive, pointing her hands out and landing in gracefully. Jenna stared in awe at Sammy's skill as she swam to the edge and climbed out. Sammy grinned wide. "Okay, Jenna. Your turn."

Jenna's eyes widened. She never should have questioned Sammy's courage because now she had to do it too, and she knew Sammy all too well. She knew there was no way she was backing down. There Jenna stood 22 years old. A senior in college. Afraid to jump off the high dive despite it being tradition. The pool wasn't too crowded at this time, but it had just enough to have a real audience. A lot of the people there she knew as many college students would go to the pool, although it was open to the public as well.

Sammy wrapped her arms around Jenna and gave her a hug. "It's okay, Jenna. You're going to be okay. You need to do this."

"Okay. I can do this," Jenna said and she turned to the ladder and climbed up.

She felt her heart racing fast, but she simply closed her eyes and jumped off. SPLASH.

Not as graceful as Sammy's dive, but Jenna did it. She jumped off the high dive. And she did it. Jenna took awhile to resurface, but her head popped up and she opened her eyes. She started to realize the water was a bit colder than she expected it to be. She felt it against her skin as she treaded the water.

Jenna felt her body and her eyes widened. "No," Jenna muttered. "No it can't be."

The lifeguard who was watching blew the whistle. "Out of the water so others can dive!"

The color on Jenna's face drained immediately as she swam to the wall, but didn't get out. "Sammy, I need your help!" Jenna called out.

"What is it, Jenna?" Sammy asked, looking at Jenna.

"I...I lost my bathing suit!" Jenna cried a little too loudly.

A bunch of guys and girls immediately turned their heads, watching Jenna clinging to the wall. Almost immediately, everyone got out of the water and gathered around Jenna. Jenna blushed as everyone surrounded her. "What did you say?" Sammy asked, trying not to laugh. "You lost your bathing suit? Does that mean you're... naked?"

Everyone laughed as the guys tried sneaking a peek, trying to look at Jenna. "Y-yes," Jenna said. "I...I'm naked. Please, Sammy. Sammy help me, please."

"What can I do for you?" Sammy asked. "It sounds like you have to get out of there, and it sounds like everyone is going to see you naked. After all, you can't climb out of that pool without using two hands.

"Please. Get me a towel," Jenna begged. "Please. I don't want people seeing me naked."

"Jenna, we used the towels provided by the pool, they're going to make us return them," Sammy said. "And if you don't get out now, I'm leaving you."

"What?" Jenna said.

"I drove us here, and I need to get back to campus. If you don't come with me right now, I'm going to have to leave you behind," Sammy said.

"No, please. Sammy, please help me. Don't make me climb out like this. Please help," Jenna pleaded.

"Fine. If you insist. I will help you," Sammy said, grinning. "I can't let you stay in there, after all."

Sammy approached the edge of the pool and Jenna smiled. "Thank you, Sammy. Please, this is embarrassing enough. I don't need people seeing me naked," Jenna said, reaching one hand out for Sammy to grab.

Instead, Sammy grabbed Jenna by placing her arms under Jenna's armpits and pulling up. Jenna's eyes immediately widened as Sammy pulled her out leaving Jenna unable to cover her body. Everyone who was standing behind her on the other side immediately laughed as they saw her bare bottom. Jenna blushed but clung to Sammy, hiding her front. Sammy smiled almost feeling bad for what she was about to do. Almost. Sammy let go and stepped away from Jenna allowing everyone to see Jenna standing there naked.

"NO!" Jenna cried. "No, Sammy come back! Everyone can see me!"

Sammy laughed and sighed, pulling Jenna close to her and shielding her away from everyone else. "Just a little tease, everyone," Sammy said. "I'm not about to completely embarrass my girlfriend. She's gonna kill me if I do!"

Everyone laughed, but nodded as Sammy helped Jenna. "Wow, Jenna's really hot," Jenna heard some of the guys saying.

"She doesn't have the biggest rack, but man she's sexy."

"Did you see that luscious booty."

Finally, Sammy found a towel and wrapped it around Jenna's body.

Sammy looked as Jenna's face was pointed to the ground. She was crying. Sammy's heart broke a little and Sammy gently lifted Jenna's chin. "Jenna, please," Sammy said. "I know it was embarrassing, but you're beautiful and hot and sexy. And you don't have to worry about your body."

"Everyone saw me naked, Sammy. They saw me naked," Jenna cried. "People are gonna call me names like they do with Peter."

"Jenna, the only names they'll be calling you is Hot Jenna, Sexy Jenna, because that's what you are," Sammy said, kissing Jenna's forehead. "And if people call you anything else, I'll make them regret it. I promise."

"You really think I'm hot?" Jenna mumbled as she sniffled.

"Of course I do, babe," Sammy said, wiping Jenna's tears away. "But I'll cheer you up."

"How?" Jenna asked.

Sammy grinned and stripped off of her bikini. Jenna's eyes widened as she watched Sammy head for the door. "I'll be stealing the spotlight from you, babe," Sammy said with a wink.

Jenna smiled and laughed as Sammy ran out the door. Jenna could hear the whistling and cheering and she rolled her eyes. She then bit her bottom lip and carefully wrapped the towel around her body as she poked her head out the door and watched as Sammy ran around naked, not caring who saw her. Jenna took in every inch of Sammy's naked body and couldn't help but play with herself just a little bit.

She lost herself in the moment and didn't notice Sammy had returned as Jenna laid on the floor, masturbating. Sammy's eyes widened as she looked at Jenna and grinned. "Alright, you goof. Let's go back to my place."

Jenna blushed having been caught playing with herself, but nodded as she got up. Sammy snatched the towel away from Jenna and put it back in the towel return. Jenna squealed, but Sammy smiled as she shielded Jenna's body away from everyone, leading her back to the car as they drove away. Before Jenna knew it she was back at Sammy's place which lucky for them was an apartment that Sammy had all to herself because her roommates were studying abroad. They didn't even make it to the bed before they were collapsed on the floor, making out and so much more.

"We'll get you a new suit," Sammy whispered. "A really sexy bikini."

"One step at a time, Sammy," Jenna blushed. "But maybe. Just maybe you can help me be a bit more confident in myself."

"Challenge accepted," Sammy whispered as she came for Jenna.