Me, my girlfriend and her friend 
Me and my girl friend, who will remain unnamed, had been going out for about three weeks when this happened. I wanted to see her naked and considering we were going out in the hottest part of an Aussie summer, I figured a good way would be to get her over for a water balloon fight and see where things went. Unfortunately for me (or at least I thought so at the time), she brought a friend, who will also remain unnamed. Although that would seem like it would make it harder, in the end it worked out for the best for me. 

After the water fight, during which my girlfriend wore an all-white outfit showing that maybe she wanted what I did, we all went inside to get changed and shower. After I went to the toilet, I heard what sounded like wet clothes hitting the floor and assumed it was my gf, somehow forgetting her friend was here too. I 'accidentally' walked in on the girl in there, but it was the wrong one. I got a full view of her ass before she screamed and I shut the door, apologizing. That part of the story also worked to my advantage (not least because the friend did have a nice ass, which I would see more of later). 

Me, my gf and her friend were all sitting around, the friend fully clothed, me in only a towel (emphasis on only) and my girlfriend in just bra and panties. She said it was because it was a hot day, but I suspected different. She was still a bit wet, which only improved my experience. Not wanting to be rude, we tried dropping hints to get the friend to leave, but she wasn't getting them or ignoring them. But eventually something big happened to make her want to leave. When my gf returned from getting a drink, I got up to give her a hug and started kissing her. The knot in my towel was clearly accessible to the friend. Not sure why, maybe to want to get me back from walking in on her, the friend grabbed my towel off of me, trying to embarrass me and my gf. But it had the opposite effect. I was getting what I wanted (I find being exposed hot) and I got the confirmation I wanted from my gf when she didn't pull away. In fact, she pulled closer. I took this as a sign and started taking off her underwear to no resistance, and her friend, obviously feeling uncomfortable, started to leave. But then my gf said 'Wait a minute, you stripped my boyfriend naked, so maybe we should strip you naked'. The friend was hot, so I agreed, and we caught her before she left. We teamed together to get her fully naked, and then pushed her outside, throwing her keys out to her (luckily for her she only lived two streets away, but I'm sure it felt like a much longer way to her on her naked run home). Then my girlfriend grabbed her camera phone and then ran outside, not even bothering to cover herself (she was getting hotter by the minute to me) and took some shots of her naked friend running down our street. Figuring if she could walk out naked, I could too, and I met her in the front yard and gave her a kiss. We walked back inside, holding hands instead of using those hands to cover up (that was so hot) and then closed the door. I don't think we were spotted, but judging by the distant horn blasts we heard her friend was. Then we went to the bedroom, one thing went to another, and the day was complete for me, and hopefully her too. 

P.S. I thought her friend would be mad, but it turns out that although what we did was probably the most extreme, they do stuff like that all the time. My gf was once locked outside naked for a whole night. Maybe I'll try that. 
Monday, October 27th 2008 - 02:27:08 AM