Time-Share and Slut Wife-Share - Part 3


I returned to my apartment at the time-share resort after my encounter with Missy and her stepdaughter Tisha.  I was exhausted, but full of excitement.  I copped a quick buzz off of my pipe, grabbed my towel and lotion, and headed down to the pool deck.
I found a chair not too far from where I had the encounter with Steve and Lisa the night before.  I closed my eyes and began to soak up the hot Florida sun.  An unknown period of time passed when I was brought to consciousness by a pair of smooth, oily hands gliding over my chest, rubbing more tanning oil into my heated flesh.  I squinted through my eyelids into the bright sunlight to see Lisa beside me.  What a thoughtful (and horny) lady!  Apparently she had spotted me laying out during her afternoon duties tending to the guest rooms.  "Hi there stud," Lisa cooed.  "That's what I call fucking service!" I replied.  "Fucking is exactly what I have in mind for you Bob," Lisa replied, "That is if you aren't too busy for a lonely Wife this evening."  'Lonely?' I thought.  
"Steve is stuck here at the desk for the evening.  I have a bad case of cabin fever and need to go out for a night on the town.  Steve is so sweet!  He suggested that you might be able to be my escort this evening.  Does dinner and a movie sound good to you Bob?"  'Oh Mother Fucker!' I thought.  Steve actually suggested that I take this sweet wet dream of a woman out for myself for the evening.  I think Lisa read the shock on my face as she replied, "Too good to be true Bob?  The offer does come with a couple of strings attached.  Steve expects you to help me shall we say...service his needs when we get back here later tonight.  Also, I didn't have a Walt Disney movie in mind tonight.  We'll be going to an adult theater over near the Air Force Base."
Lisa just smiled and said, "You had better turn over Bob.  I'm not sharing you with any of the other ladies out here by the pool, and that snake of yours is hanging out again."  I just groaned and followed her advice.  Lisa continued to oil me up.  She started with my shoulders and back and continued to my legs.  As she worked her way up my legs, she reached between my thighs and grasped my stiff dick.  Everything was oily and sliding.  I was in heaven as she whispered in my ear, "Steve is watching us from the window right now.  He knows that I have your beautiful cock in my hand and he is jacking off watching us.  I want you to cum for us now.  After you shoot, I will return to our apartment and let Steve lick your cum from my hand.  Then I am going to get ready for our date."  Hearing those words pushed me over the edge, and I blew my wad into Lisa's hot palm.  As she stood to leave, "See you out front at 7:00 tonight."  I slept there on the patio deck for maybe an hour, then returned to my apartment to ready myself for the evening.  The anticipation of the evening ahead made me giddy.  Out for the evening with a drop-dead gorgeous fox of a slut-wife.  Fucking and sucking, then returning home to her hung stud husband to top things off for the night. (No pun intended)  I showered and shaved and chose a pair of khaki slacks and knit shirt to wear - no underwear.  I grabbed enough coke for a few lines and my one-hitter with a small splif of sensimilla.  Then I headed downstairs and to the parking lot in front of the resort.  Soon Lisa came out of the office door and flashed a million dollar smile towards me.  Then she flipped up the hem of her minidress for just a flash of her hairless pussy.  I spotted those pencil eraser nipples of hers through the lightweight fabric, confirming no underwear at all.  She was a breathtaking image of woman flesh....The young, tanned hard-body wrapped into a mini-length pale blue halter-top dress with only a strip of cloth acting as a belt to hold it together.  Her back was bare while a thin cord of fabric tied behind her neck was all that held the top of the dress over her pendulous breasts.  White pumps with maybe a three-inch heel made her bare, tan legs delectable.  Lisa was an image of pure sex and desire, but not the typical slut look.  "Let's take this," Lisa said throwing me the keys with a gesture to a sporty little two-seater convertible.  "I know you showed up in that frumpy company car."  I didn't need any convincing!
I let Lisa into the passenger side, then settled into the driver's seat.  Before I started the car, I savored the sweet smell of this wonderful woman seated next to me.  As if she was reading my mind Lisa spoke, "I know you like the way I look now Bob, hurry up and take it all in.  As the evening progresses, I expect I will be getting a bit messy.  In fact if I don't, I will be very disappointed!  I expect to be treated by you as your personal slut and street whore tonight.  Use me as you desire and allow anyone else that you wish to use me as well.  The nastier the better, just no bruises, scratches, cuts.....do I make myself clear?"  I drew Lisa to me in a soft embrace.  Giving her a tender but passionate kiss, I then looked into her inquiring eyes and whispered into her ear.  "Unzip my pants....Take out my dick....and suck it Cunt!"
Returning a look of love, she grinned impishly and dove for my hardening pole.  We had a good understanding.
We cruised East on Highway 98 back through Panama City and on further to East of the AirBase.  A few miles past the Base, Lisa spoke up, " Pull in to that bar coming up on the right."  The place was the typical old style Florida seafood restaurant.  An old weathered wood building with a deck for outdoor dining wrapping around one side and the waterfront side of the place.  There were probably three dozen cars already in the lot.  I parked near the edge of the lot, got out, and then let my lady out of the car.  The setting sun made the water on the Gulf shimmer as it did Lisa's beautiful, long auburn hair and perfect, tan flesh.  Those breasts jiggled in a gravity-defying dance as we walked to the door of the establishment.  As we entered the dining room, I noticed that only eight or ten tables were filled with diners.  "What's with all the cars in the parking lot.  They don't look that busy." I wondered out loud.  Lisa explained to me that besides being a great place for seafood dinners, this place had something extra special to offer.  "A number of years ago, She explained. "a retired army officer bought this place.  He had been sort of a renegade type during his service years.  After he bought this place he remodeled and added a back dining room and bar that operates as kind of a separate private club.
The dining room and bar in front is for the general public trade.  Anyone admitted to the backroom has a pre-screened member status or is at least escorted by a member.  What the place is not is a swinger's club, nor a house of prostitution either.  I guess that the Colonel as we call him, wanted to provide a place where the local soldiers could blow off some steam, and stay out of trouble with their superiors and also the local law enforcement.  Let's just say that if a lady is bent over the pool table or happens to be seen giving a head job under one of the tables, no one is going to say anything.  Also a line of coke on a table or the smell of pot in the air will not be questioned either.  The wait staff wears these cute little Indian loincloths.  For a generous tip any of them will get you off in about any manner that you desire.  None of them are what I would call pros.  Most are college kids paying for their educations.  A few of the guys are Airmen from the Base picking up a few extra bucks.  The only catch is that nothing is hidden from view here.  If you are going to play, you must expect to draw an audience.  A lot of the single guys just come here to watch.  Don't be surprised if you see someone sitting on a barstool jacking off.  One thing you can be sure of is that whatever happens here stays here.  The Colonel is very tight with the local police.  If anyone ever causes any trouble or talks about what goes on in here on the outside, they will be set up one way or another by the police and busted.  On top of it all...the seafood is the best on the Panhandle!"
All I could do was smile and say, "Let's eat!"  Lisa led me through the main restaurant to the hallway leading to the restrooms.  She knocked twice on a door just past the restroom doors.  Soon the door opened to reveal this really huge guy.  His eyes lit up immediately in recognition of Lisa.  "Colonel, I would like for you to meet my close friend Bob.  Bob, this is the Colonel and our host tonight."  The Colonel gripped my hand for a firm handshake, then turned to Lisa.  "Good evening dear, It's so good to see you again.  How is Steve doing?"  "He's fine Colonel," Lisa smiled. "He is stuck at the front desk this evening."  "You give him my best Lisa, and please if you need anything this evening...anything, just let me know dear."  Lisa and I passed through a second door and into the club.  At first glance, it looked much the same as the rest of the place out front.  The first thing I noticed were the wait staff in their little loincloths.  All of them with tanned, oiled hard bodies.  The girls breasts glistened and bounced.  The guys pricks protruding from the bottoms of their way-too-short cover.
We were seated at a large booth in the corner of the club.
Lisa explained, "This is usually reserved for the Colonel when he is dining."  
"You seem pretty chummy with the Colonel," I inquired. "Do you come here often?"  "First of all Bob," Lisa smiled and flicked her little pink tongue from her lips. "I always cum when I am here." "Yes, the Colonel has played a large part in my life.  You see, I was one of the first young ladies to work for the Colonel after he took over the place.  It was my second year of college and my scholarship was mostly used up in my freshman year.  I needed a good part-time job, and I walked in here one day.  That was nearly nine years ago, I was nineteen at the time.  The Colonel had just bought the place, and it was operating as a regular restaurant at the time.  Steve was an airman stationed at Tyndal at the time.  He was nearing the end of his enlistment and wanted to stay in the area, so he came to work for the Colonel to assist him in running the place.  Suffice to say, Steve and I met here and began dating.  He seemed like such a worldly man to me, although he was only 22 at the time.  Steve has always liked to show me off.  I was so nervous at first - I thought that he didn't take me seriously nor respect me.  But I looked up to him and trusted him.  He has taken me such a long way Bob....I love that man so much!"  
I paused to reflect upon what Lisa had just revealed.  Her husband Steve who she had met here years ago as a young, impressionable college girl had groomed her into a no-holds-barred slut.  A hot-blooded woman seemingly out of control at times, who would not hesitate to have outrageous, kinky sex with anyone, anyplace, anytime....but at the same time placing her man on a pedestal as her one and only true love forever and ever.  An amazing blend of unleashed promiscuity together with loyalty, love, and devotion!  The ideal of a "Hotwife."
"Steve would take me to the Airmen's Club on Base for drinks and dancing.  He encouraged me to wear revealing clothing and to be proud of my body.  It was so confusing and embarrassing at first.  Why would any man that truly cared for me want to show me off like a piece of meat?  I understand now that I have received pleasure and fulfillment far beyond what most any women ever dream of.  I am confident and secure with myself and my sexuality.  What is most important though, is that Steve and I have an unbreakable bond of loyalty, love, and respect for each other.  
"That's funny", I thought to myself. "Almost the same words that I was thinking a moment ago."  
Lisa continued, "Steve would encourage me to dance and to flirt with the other Airmen.  Some of them would take liberties with me that I didn't think were appropriate.  During the slow dances, they would move me to a darker corner of the dance floor.  Their hands would slip down from my back and caress my hiney.  Some would pull me so close to them that I could feel their excitement.  It was so exciting, but I felt dirty and guilty.  Steve would reassure me though, and I gradually became comfortable with other men touching me.  I guess the turning point came one night soon after Steve's discharge from the Air Force.  We decided to stay in that night.  Steve had a little apartment in Panama City at the time and had invited one of his old Air Force buddies over for pizza and beer.  Steve and Rich settled in on the couch while I cleaned up the dining table.  By the time I was done with that, they had began toking on some weed and started a movie in the VCR.  Steve had managed to change my fashion habits quite a bit by that time.  I was dressed in this tiny knit mini skirt and a skimpy crop top.  I didn't think anything of it anymore.  It was just the way he liked me to dress.  I plopped down on the couch between the two of them.  The guys were bogarting the joint, passing it between themselves and not letting me have any.  Finally I lunged at Steve and grabbed the joint.  Trouble was, I ended up on his lap.  After a big toke, I got a huge body rush and just remained straddling Steve's legs.  Steve began to caress my breasts as they popped out of my crop top.  Rich had an eye on the action and began to rub his crotch.  I knew that something was up and it was more that just a stiff dick.  I melted into Steve as we began to kiss deeply.  I could feel and hear the sound of Steve's zipper being lowered and his hot, hard meat brushing against my thighs.  Slowly a finger entered my pussy in a slow tentative caress.  Keeping my eyes closed, Steve and I began to lick each other's faces.  Steve moved his mouth to my ear, and as he nibbled he said, "Tonight will be an evening of sharing."  'You are going to share me with Rich?' I asked.  Now the bombshell dropped.  Steve told me, "No...You are going to share me with Rich."
At that point I opened my eyes wide in shock and confusion.  Steve was telling me that I was going to share him sexually with his buddy Rich????  I could feel Steve's throbbing tool pressing at my labia, sliding back and forth.  How was he doing that, since Steve's hands were full of my breasts.  Somehow I think I knew, but was sure of what was going on when I looked down to see that Rich had a firm grasp on Steve's dick.  He was jacking it furiously and would periodically rub the head across my moistening pussy.  It was like a moment frozen in time as I watched my boyfriends hard cock in the grasp of another man.  I eyes were locked on the scene close between our bodies as a wave of heat flared up beginning in my ears and traveling down through my torso and exploding my sex.  It was the first time that I had experienced such a discharge.  I had always thought that female ejaculation was a myth, and I had just done so with little direct stimulation.  Steve was a mess.  I had spooged all over his chest.  The stuff ran down his belly and all over his cock and balls.  I pushed off of his lap in surprise, but Rich caught my attention when he said, "Let's get this guy cleaned up Lisa."  Here we were Steve remained seated on the couch with Rich and me on our knees at his feet.  I was mesmerized as I watched Rich take long, slow slurps of my discharge from Steve's cock.  Rich pulled me to him and engaged me in a hot kiss, snowballing the spicy liquid between our mouths.  Bob, I must say by this point I was simply swooning.  I had never, ever come close to the feelings that were charging through me at that time."
I decided to lighten things up a little. "So it is safe to say that you never had a problem with Steve's bisexual desires?"  Lisa giggled in response, "Hell no Bob!  It was the very unfolding of all of my sexuality today.  The crossroads of my life!"  All I could do at that point was shake my head in wonderment.  What an incredible fucking woman!
"So the evening with you, Steve, and Rich continued." I prodded.  Yes Bob, It was my dream come true, Lisa replied. "And the dream has never ended.  Rich and I continued with our 'cleaning' of Steve.  I was fascinated as I watched Rich engulf Steve's cock with his mouth.  His lips slid up and down on Steve in a seemingly effortless way.  As I watched Rich swallow Steve's nine inch cock all the way to the balls, he had obviously perfected the deep-throat technique.  I watched Steve explode in orgasm, which I again shared in a deep soul kiss with Rich.  Rich was literally on fire now, as he was the only one of us that hadn't cum yet.  I knew that Rich was an experienced cocksucker, and I became his student.  Steve had always loved my blowjobs, but now I knew that I could be much better.  I pleaded with Rich to teach me.  "You must practice on me Lisa," Rich responded.  "I will be able to feel what you are doing with you mouth and throat.  It will be the only way for me to teach you the fine art of cocksucking."  At first I thought it was just a ploy by Rich to get me to suck his cock.  But I soon understood that he was right.  He had to feel exactly what was going on with my mouth and throat so that he could coach me."  Lisa giggled. "Not that he minded being the training aid for me!"
"All of this is getting me hot Bob." As Lisa feigned fanning herself.  "How about we get out of these clothes?"  "Is that going too far, even for this place?" I asked.  "Not for us Bob," Lisa said reassuringly. "Remember, we are special guests of the Colonel.  You can do just about anything you can dream up Bob...just relax and have fun tonight." 
With that said, Lisa called our server over to the table. Mark was a huge black stud.  I guessed he was nearly seven feet tall and 250 pounds of hard muscle.  One thing for sure was that the loincloths were not made for Mark.  At least four inches of meat the thickness of a soda can hung from the bottom of his brief garment.  "Mark, please take these things for us.  I am a bit warm tonight."  Lisa pulled on the little bow behind her neck and loosened the belt on the sash of her dress.  It puddled to the seat to reveal all of her magnificent glowing flesh.  Little beads of sweat were already appearing between her breasts.  I followed Lisa's lead and stripped off my shirt and slacks.  We slipped off our shoes and left them under the table.  Mark took our clothing and returned soon with a couple of towels for us to sit on.  Seats are kind of sticky when you put bare flesh against them.  As Mark leaned forward, that huge fucking prick of his actually dragged through the dish of lobster butter on our table.  Lisa took notice right away. "Oh Mark, I'm so sorry.  Let me clean that up for you."  Lisa leaned forward and opened wide for Mark's beautiful manmeat.  I reached across and grabbed his hot rod, and began to stroke the bulbous head across Lisa's puckering lips.  Lisa was delighted that I was helping out with the situation, and the pulsing surges through Mark's cock told me that he didn't mind either.  Even an accomplished cocksucker like Lisa could not get more than the head of this huge tool past her lips.  I grabbed the shaft with both of my hands now and jacked for all I was worth.  With both of us working Mark over, it didn't take long to get our dessert.  Mark came with a roar that caused everyone in the club to turn their head.  One long spurt after another came from the black spear.  After Lisa filled her mouth with Mark's cum, she just laid back on the bench of the booth.  Ropes of cum flew onto Lisa, her face, tits, and tummy covered with scum.  As the flow subsided, I leaned in and finished cleaning Mark with my tongue.  What a beautiful cock!
A couple of guys at the bar who had been watching the action had their cocks out and were jacking furiously.  As Mark retreated to the kitchen, I caught their eye and motioned them to join us.  Turns out that they were a couple of Airmen from the nearby Base.  We pushed the dishes left on the table to one side and lifted Lisa up to the table top.  Her legs hung over the open end.  Cum was bubbling from her lips as I leaned over to share a snowball with my darling lady.  I worked my way down her body, tongue-bathing the cum from her flesh.  I began to eat her pussy in earnest until she was begging to be fucked.  I pulled her forward to the edge of the table and onto my throbbing hardon.  The two stood at the side of the table still jacking their cocks.  Lisa turned her head to them with a look of lust and hunger.  I grabbed one of the cocks and filled Lisa's mouth with it.  As he began to pump her sweet lips, I grabbed the second guys cock and fisted it while rubbing his meat over her tits and swollen nipples.  Lisa continued to scream and explode in multiple orgasms and the three of us guys filled and covered her with more hot cum.  We had backed up for only a moment while catching our breath, as I sensed a presence behind me.  I turned slowly to see the Colonel standing there.  "Oh Shit!" I thought.  "We went too far!"  
I quickly learned that I was mistaken as he motioned us out of the way.  He stepped up and took a look at Lisa's cum-laden flesh.  He then hoisted his own prick out of his pants.  None to soon either, because it was beginning to blow just from the scene before him.  The Colonel shot several volleys of thick cum onto Lisa's panting form.  After the last drops fell from his softening pecker, the Colonel bent over and cleaned Lisa of all the deposits from the four of us.  The Colonel arose back upright with the look of a satisfied man.  Now I understood why the Colonel ran this place the way it was.
We were invited to the Colonel's private quarters, where we could take a quick shower and refresh ourselves.  Sweet Lisa was again looking radiant as ever.  Giving our compliments to the Colonel and he likewise thanking Lisa for the pleasure of her visit, we departed.
"Which way to the theater Cream Pie?" I quipped.  "Just turn right onto the highway Cocksucker!" Lisa shot back with a smile.
