Lost Dress in Denny's
My girlfriend and I went to a Denny's Restaurant one night. I was 
wearing a dress and a nice blouse. This was the plan. At some point 
I would get up, and when I get up the dress would get caught and I 
would be exposed. I wasn't sure if I should wear panties or not, but 
this time I felt like going with out them. I was wearing a long dress, 
after all, and it's not like it would seem odd. 

Well, we ate our meal, and then I was going to get up to go the 
bathroom. So, I thought about how I was going to do this dare. 
First, I made sure no one was around. Then I hooked the bottom of my 
dress on one of the corners of the chair. I then got out a thumb tack 
I brought along, and used it to pin the dress to the chair. I then 
started to undo the ties this skirt had on its side. So, now the 
dress was attached to the chair, and was now pretty much only resting 
on me. 
When I would get up, I thought I should keep moving a bit, trip and 
scream, then run to the bathroom - which wasn't too far from the 
table. I'd pass a few tables, and at a few of them there were people 
sitting. There were no kids, though. 
I slowly got ready, and then stood up and walked a step. I felt the 
skirt tug, and then come off. I then fell forward, screaming just a 
bit - as if I was in shock both from the fall, and my dress coming 
off. I landed on the floor, and the few people around me were now 
able to see my butt sitting there. 
I got up and covered up. I looked around, my face now red. I made 
sure to make myself real big-eyed as I looked at the people. I then 
started to run for the bathroom. I did my usual cover my front and 
back, so I would lower the overall coverage of each. The people now 
either laughed or stared, and a waiter saw me. 
I ran into the bathroom, and there was this lady in there. She looked 
shocked, and I just ran into a stall. She asked if I was alright. I 
was totally frantic, and I just hastily said, "Yeah, yeah" as if I 
wanted to be left alone. She left, and my girlfriend entered. I came 
out and got my dress, and I put it back on. 
We went back to the table, and everyone looked at me. When our waiter 
came by, he asked if I was alright. I said, "Yeah", and asked for the 
bill. We paid and then we left. 
Man! That was embarrassing! I don't think I'm becoming any less 
embarrassed when doing these dares, which I am happy about. Oh, and as 
a reminder, I'm open to hearing your ideas, but let me know if my 
asking is annoying, just that there haven't been any ideas lately.