My Megan Part 2 (nc/reluc mf oral anal slow) by Foxbat




	Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are completely fictional,
and bear no intended resemblance to characters in real life.  This story
contains graphic sex, in some cases non-consensual, and should not be
read if such stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

	Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the
disclaimer and author's name remain intact and unaltered. For previous
parts, or other stories of mine, please check out http://assm.asstr.org.
You can search by title or author, or just browse.  Happy reading.
Thanks to ASSTR, I also have a website at http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/
where you can find all of my work.  This is also available via ftp at
ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/foxbat/


	Feedback, comments, suggestions, etc are always welcomed and
appreciated at foxbat00@gmail.com

	My thoughts and comments are at the bottom, as per usual.



My Megan Part 2 (nc/reluc mf oral anal slow) by Foxbat



	PLOT  SUMMARY FROM PART I:

	In Part I, we left our happy couple snuggling after William gave
Megan the second and best ass-fucking of her life.  She had started out
as a pathetic freshman, desperate to do anything to salvage her spot at
an elite boarding school after being caught by William, Senior, Prefect
of the school, Editor of the Paper, etc.   After a few blowjobs, William
decides to escalate things, and introduces Megan to anal sex (she wishes
quite earnestly to preserve her virginity), as well as mandating that
her role should not be one of passive mechanical servicing of him.  As
last we saw, Megan was quite enjoying her first few orgasms, as well as
the new things William has introduced her to.

	Part I can be found at http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/mymegan.txt




	And now, on to Part II:


	Chapter 9:  Afterwards


	I felt a stirring, and awoke slowly.  It took a minute for the scene
which greeted my eyes to register with my brain.  As if I were watching
an instant replay of the last several hours, I remembered Megan coming
up the newsroom, I remembered giving her the pussy eating of a
life-time, I remembered forcing her up against the wall as I pounded her
asshole to the accompaniment of her orgasmic noises, and now as I looked
down to see Megan still leaning against me in my lap, I remembered
falling asleep in the wonder glow of post orgasm, with the arms of this
freshman wrapped around me. Wishing it weren't a concern, I looked at my
watch.  It was getting late - we'd started after dinner, and it was
already 10pm.  If we weren't more careful, her parents might get
suspicious of what was keeping her at school after-hours.  Having daddy
know about my intimacy with his daughter's anal passage probably
wouldn't be a good thing. I reached down and caressed Megan's face,
brushing the hair away from her closed eyes, but she only stirred and
attached herself more firmly to me.  I had to gently shake her before
she would respond. Sleepy and with some degree of soreness from our
earlier activities, she stood up.  We walked around the rooming picking
up and sorting our clothing.  Before dressing however, I pulled her to
me, and kissed her deeply.  She reached up around the back of my neck as
I let my hands roam over the hot young body that was now essentially
mine.  Her cute breasts were soft, and I could feel her shiver and my
hands ran down her sides, and then over her ass.  This was the girl I'd
just porked, I thought as I watched her putting on her bra and arranging
her skirt.  Damn.


	Chapter 10:  Latency

	I think it must be some law of human nature, that when there is an
emotional connection sex arises, and when there is sex, emotional
connections arise.  I suppose it makes sense - getting banged by someone
you don't care about isn't nearly as good as getting banged by someone
you do.  But still - for what started out as an act tantamount to rape,
I was pretty surprised at the way things were going. And worse, it was a
two way street.  I would find myself sitting in my AP physics class,
staring at worksheets and problems, and the only problems I was
concerned with involved the frictional coefficient between Megan's ass
and my cock.  I would go home at night, and sit there, staring at my
calendar, counting off the days until our weekly day rolled around.  And
I must admit, it was for reasons other than pure horniness. Thus, I was
both surprised and thrilled when I received and email from Megan two
days before our usual Thursday night rendezvous explaining that if it
wasn't a schedule problem for me, she'd very much like to meet on
Tuesday as well. Classes that day crept by like eternity, but finally
dinner arrived.  I wolfed down some food, and went up to the newsroom to
see my freshman fuck buddy.  I needed have worried, since she was
already ass-naked, and leaped up when I entered the room.  Flinging her
arms around me, she informed me that she had told her parents that she
had starting doing work on the school newspaper, and thus would have to
be spending more nights at school. "So you'll have to put me in the
editorial box in the next issue," She said proudly, placing her hands on
her hips at looking at me. "Fine with me.  Does Layout Assistant suit
your fancy?"  I asked, and she nodded.  Her serious composure faded and
she again threw her hands around my neck.  Kissing, I lifted her off the
ground and twirled her around.  As I put her down, I already felt her
tugging at my shirt to disrobe me.  I had one order of business which
remained to be dealt with before funtime could proceed however. "Are you
on birth-control?"  I asked.  Megan shook her head no.  "You might want
to see if you can arrange that - you can tell your parents its for your
face, or in case you get raped or something." "You mean in case I get
raped by some big upperclassman?"  She leaned in close to me, running
her hands up under my shirt and around my shoulders.  I shrugged my
shirt off and rejoined the kiss.  She broke it however, and, putting her
head against mine, grabbed my ear with her teeth and gave it a good
tonguing.  I found this immensely sexual and a huge turn-on, and then
she whispered in her sexiest voice, "Rape my ass." There are some times
in life when you just have to obey orders, and hot young girls
whispering "rape my ass" into your ear happens to be one of those times.
 You don't ask why, you don't say no, you just have to obey. Obey I did.
 I grabber her by the shoulders, turned her around, bent her over,
spread her ass-cheeks, and started going to town eating out her pussy. 
She spread her legs to give me greater access and held onto the edge of
the desk for support as I let my tongue run through her lips, and tickle
her clit.  I could feel her breathing heavily, and I could watch her
reacting to the stimulation.  I slowly pushed a finger up her twat,
twisting it as I withdrew it only to thrust it up and in again.  She was
noticeably aroused by this time, and, as I continued to stimulate her
with one hand, I fished around in the desk drawer for the Vaseline which
I'd left there last time.  Finding it, I scooped a glob onto my finger,
and began to apply it around her anus, slowly pushing my other finger up
her ass.  With one finger in each of her holes, I felt her reaching down
to take over the clitoral stimulation, and I worked my fingers around in
her warm interior until I thought she was close to cumming.  With
drawing both hands, I had to forcefully pry her own hand away from her
crotch. She stood up again, facing me.  I walked her back until her ass
hit the desk, and then gave her a little boost so she was sitting on the
end.  Reaching down, I raised her legs up until she was lying on her
back, and then I lowered them off to one side together, so that she was
in sort of a twisted L shape - face up, but legs off to the side and
together at a 90 degree angle to her torso.  I slipped my free hand
between her legs which were pressed together, seating my thumb against
the front of her pubes.  Using the other hand to drop trow, I freed my
cock.  With a few quick strokes for good luck, I slipped a condom on,
and lined it up with her ass.  Once I was pressed up against entrance, I
could hear her sucking her breath in as I began to push.  Leaning over
her, I left one hand between her legs and pushed the thumb from my other
hand into her mouth.  I could feel her sucking on my hand and trying to
relax her anus as I eased forward, penetrating her tight ass-hole.  As
the head of my cock passed the first sphincter, Megan moaned.  I pressed
my hand more tightly against her, letting her rub against it for
stimulation. When I'd bottomed out in her ass, I pulled out a little and
rammed myself forward back into her warm depths as hard as I could.  I
had to switch my grasp to her waist to prevent myself from pushing her
across the surface of the desk with my thrusting.  With each stroke, I'd
withdraw slowly, watching her ass follow my dick out.  Then I'd slam
myself forward into her, hearing the slap of wet skin, a grunt from the
girl impaled on my dick, and the screech noise of flesh moving across
the surface of the metal desk. After a few strokes, I pulled her legs
vertical again, and, placing them on either side of my neck, began a
regular rhythm of thrusting.  Now that she had access to her crotch
again, Megan began to frig herself furiously.  I marveled at the warm
tight feeling as my cock slowly moved into and out of her against the
resistance.  I let my eyes drift downwards, from where my dick was
disappearing into the dark V between her legs, up her trim stomach, over
her pert little breasts, and to her face, framed so nicely by the dirty
blond hair.  Her eyes were squeezed shut, and she was biting her lower
lip on one side.  Her whole face and upper chest was flushed, and with
each stroke I could hear her grunt when I hit bottom.  I felt her ankles
on either side of my face, her toes curled against the sensation which
was totally engulfing her.  Her little fingers were busily buried in her
bush, and I could feel her rectum clenching against my dick as I
increased the speed. As I banged her, I watched her breasts bouncing
upwards with each impact and then downwards with each withdraw.  I
reached forward, and grabbing a handful of tit, I smacked my body
against hers, relishing the crushing grip of her ass on my cock.  I
could feel her lifting back up against me, as she was pushed over the
edge and came.  Bucking down against her bucking back, I closed my eyes,
and felt nothing other than the tit in my hands and the ass which was
wrapped around my dick, now spasming as if it were trying to squeeze my
dick off entirely.  I slammed in and out of her as fast as I could,
pounding her for all I was worth, until I felt the tingle in my balls
followed immediately by the sensation of sperm shooting through my dick
into her depths.  As I slowed my thrusting, I felt her reaching back and
digging her nails into my ass, indicating that I was not to stop. 
Despite the overwhelming sensation in my dick, I continued until I felt
her lying still under me. When I opened my eyes, my head was on the
desk, and all I could see was her left breast, rising and falling as she
breathed.  We were lying in a puddle of sweat and coital fluids, and my
limp dick had slid out of her ass.  Life was good.




Definite continuation....

----


I find its easier to post in small segments, rather than writing huge 
pieces and posting them, so this is a small part 2 compared to part one
but more will be forthcoming.  I'm always interested in feedback.


Also, my best friend and I were discussing summer plans, when the possibility
of double-teaming a mutual female acquaintance of ours came up.  Neither of
us are gay, and the question of the day was what the least awkward and homo-
erotic way to double team a girl is - double penetration (anal/vaginal), or
opposite ends (oral/vaginal).  I was solidly in favor of the double
penetration, on the grounds that then you have the girl between you, and you
don't have to look at each other.  He thought opposite ends, because he was
uncomfortable with having 2 dicks so close, or having balls rub, etc.  

So I put it you - what is the best way to double-team?  Write me at 
foxbat00@gmail.com with your answer.



Thanks
Foxbat