How I became a cheating slut
by Exhibitionist_Couple

How I became a cheating slut pt.4

"Mmmmm, I had an idea that I think you'd like", Alan whispered in my ear as he fucked me. I bit my lip, intrigued with what he had in mind as I told him "I can't wait to hear it". Alan slowly stroked inside of me as he said "what if you and Evelyn acted really drunk... and I told the guys that you never remember anything after drinking a lot... and they stumble upon you naked in bed, or in the hot tub... you can allow them to see whatever, and then act like it never happened when you see them again... I tell them not to say anything so as to not embarrass you... and they'll feel like they got away with seeing you naked against your will".

I liked the way he was thinking, and I was already thinking about how I could take advantage of a situation like that... and I'm sure Evelyn would enjoy playing along. She was in the shower after getting fucked by Alan earlier... when they thought I was asleep. Alan hadn't said anything about it, so I wondered if he was going to try to keep it a secret. I gave Alan a devious grin and asked "would you like my body to be on display for your friends tonight?... let Jose see my pussy in person... let Billy get his first good look at me naked... even Squat can take a look at my bare ass... would that turn you on?". Alan grunted as he nodded. I added "imagine all your friends staring at my gaping pussy... all while I act like I don't know and won't remember"... That's all it took for him to cum.

We had slept until the late afternoon, so we spent time drinking and flirting around until the guys showed up and set their stuff up to play video games. Evelyn and I had decided to lounge around in bathing suits, and acted like we didn't notice the guys checking us out while we had our drinks. I knew Jose had seen pics and videos of me naked before, but he didn't know that I knew he had seen them... and I could tell he was picturing what I looked like under the bathing suit. Billy was the guy they usually looked up to most, especially Squat... he was the most fit and cocky of the guys. Squat was the shorter chunkier one that always seemed to follow Billy around... he was the dorkiest and quietest of the group. All three of them were clearly distracted by Evelyn and me, and I'd catch all of them checking us out... and I'm sure Alan was bragging about how he fucked us both earlier as well.

As we continued to drink, we started to ham up how drunk we were from the kitchen... and they clearly were noticing. Alan looked at us with a grin, and I'm sure anticipation of what would happen. Evelyn grabbed some beers out of the fridge and told me "watch this", as she pulled down the right side of her bikini so that her nipple barely popped out... she was wearing one of my tops, so it was loose on her already... and she staggered out to the guys and handed them all a beer while they were in between games. It was clear all of them noticed her titty hanging out, as they all stared and smiled at each other... it wasn't until she handed one to Squat that something was said. I walked in the room and Squat was blazingly staring and even moving around trying to see more... it was to obvious to ignore. Evelyn asked him if he was OK, and he smiled and said "I can see your titty".

Evelyn acted surprised, and the rest of the guys chuckled and scolded him for saying anything. Billy smacked the back of his head and told him "when a hot girl accidentally has her tits out, don't ruin it by telling her... what's wrong with you?". The rest of the guys laughed, and Evelyn asked "did you guys all see?"... they all hesitantly admitted to noticing, but not wanting to make her feel uncomfortable by pointing it out. She staggered again and drunkenly mumbled "this top is to big for me, my tits aren't as big as Diana's", which caused everyone to direct their attention toward my chest. Having all of their eyes glued on me and imagining what I looked like under my top, it made my pussy heat up. I sat on Alan's lap and gave him a kiss, and he whispered in my ear "you're so fucking sexy".

Evelyn got everyone's attention back on her and announced "it's no big deal, it's just boobs... I'm sure you guys have seen plenty of tits before" as she adjusted her top. Billy told Evelyn in a sarcastic tone "well, if it's no big deal, why not take it off?". Squat was quick to add "yeah, why not", and Jose and Alan both jokingly agreed. Evelyn said "you guys don't think I will? How about you guys take your shirts off, and then I'll take my top off... we'll have a topless night". Jose asked "seriously?", to which Evelyn responded "fuck it, why not... it's not a big deal, and you guys saw my tits already anyway". Billy lifted off his shirt followed quickly by Squat and Jose... I got up off of Alan's lap so he could remove his shirt, and Billy looked at me and said "are you going to join us?".

I knew what he was really asking was "are you going to show us your tits", and I loved it... but I wasn't ready to give in just yet, and I wanted to wait until I acted like I was really trashed before showing anything... so I could act like I wouldn't remember. I said "I don't think Alan would like that", which was a lie, and then added "Besides, I'm not comfortable with everyone seeing me like that", which was another lie. Evelyn started removing her top, and all eyes were on her when her tits were exposed to cheers and whistles from the guys. She smiled and gave a bow before saying "none of you perverts better get the wrong idea, no touching". I loved that she was so comfortable to do that, and she had every reason to be, as she had great tits... not very big, but enough to jiggle with cute pink nipples... and seeing her standing there wearing nothing but bikini bottoms on front of the four guys was really hot.

Squat spoke up and asked Alan "is it OK with you if Diana joins us being topless". Alan joked back "you really want to see my girlfriends tits, don't you?", as the other guys laughed. Evelyn walked over and sat on Alan's lap as I stood next to him, and you could see the jealousy on everyone's face... I joked back "I'm no where near that drunk yet" with heavily slurred speech before going back into the kitchen to do another shot. Alan spoke to me in a cautious tone "be careful, you're close to being black out drunk again"... Evelyn chimed in "yeah, she's not far from it already" as she got up to do a shot as well. Jose asked "does she pass out or get sick", and Alan responded "no... she just gets to drunk and then can't remember anything from the night, although she does sometimes pass out... it happens every time". Evelyn laughed as she added "she's always been like that... and you can see it in her eyes once she's at that point... the next morning she won't remember a thing, no matter what". I slurred my words as I said "I'm fine... sometimes it's good not to remember things anyway" as I took a shot.

Thing is, I was starting to really get drunk, so I had to be careful not to overdo it... but simultaneously act as if I was over doing it. Alan joked "some of the best sex we've had was when she was drunk, and she doesn't even remember it". The guys all chuckled, and I suggested "why don't Evelyn and I go to the hot tub so you guys can go back to your game... and stop staring at Evelyn's tits". The guys all chuckled, and we grabbed the tequila bottle and headed out the door. We giggled as we climbed into the hot tub, and it was clear that Evelyn was enjoying herself. Once we settled in and turned on the jets, I asked her "so did Alan fuck you again after we went to sleep?"... she smiled and said "I hope that's OK... while he fucked me, he told me not to say anything to you about it because he wasn't sure if you would be upset". I gave her a reassuring smile and said "it doesn't upset me at all... thanks for being honest with me", to which Evelyn said "no problem... and honestly, knowing he wanted to keep it a secret made it feel so much hotter". I confessed "honestly, it turns me on too knowing he did that... and it makes me feel less guilty for cheating in the past".

I assured her "any time you want to fuck Alan, I'm OK with it... I'd love to see how many times you can with him trying to hide it". Evelyn smiled and said "I'll be sure to let you know", and then added "I'm thinking about fucking either Jose or Billy... would you like to let either of them fuck you too?". I laughed and said "I'm just wanting to show off my body, give them something to jerk off too... it seems to risky to fuck them". Evelyn giggled and said "I'm pretty sure they wouldn't tell Alan, and you 'wouldn't remember'". I had to admit, the idea of that was arousing... but I wasn't going to go that far... I'd be happy to show off my pussy, and I knew that would turn on Alan as well... but the slut in me did love the idea of one of them using me. Evelyn told me "I think I'll see if Jose will join us in the hot tub... you can act passed out if you like while I fuck him... maybe let him stare at your tits while his cock is inside of me". I felt a rush of excitement hit my cunt just at the idea, but I didn't know how we could get it to work.

Evelyn got up out of the hot tub and said "I'm going to get Alan, I'll be right back"... and as she strutted away, her cute ass jiggling, I wondered what she had in mind... I rubbed my pussy under the water, and felt the familiar pulse on my clit... thinking about showing Jose my pussy in person really turned me on. Alan came outside with Evelyn and headed toward me with excited smiles, and Alan asked "so what did you have in mind?". Evelyn started "well, you go back and say that Diana is way past her point of remembering and is already passing out... I'm going to go in after a bit and ask if Jose would like to join me outside... and then I can show off Diana while she acts like she's passed out, and of course making sure he doesn't get handsy". Alan looked at us with a smile, but said "I don't know, what if he tells the others?", to which Evelyn quickly replied "I don't think he's going to tell them that he took advantage of her passed out by looking at her naked... he'd be to worried you'd find out... and of course Diana 'won't remember' anything".

I could tell that Alan liked the idea, and was running it all through his head. I told him, "don't worry, I won't let him touch me... and Evelyn will make sure as well... it does sound fun to let him sneak good looks at my pussy, and he'll never know that you and I knew he did it". Alan said "I like the idea too... and I'm sure he wouldn't try anything he shouldn't anyway". Evelyn added, just go inside, if they ask what's up just tell them that Diana's black out drunk and refusing to come inside... I'll come in and talk to Jose about joining me in a bit, you just make sure that no one comes out here and ruins the fun... that includes you too, sexy". Alan nodded that he understood and said "I can't wait to hear all the details", and I replied "maybe we can both tell you about everything as we fuck you later. Alan went inside with a grin on his face, and I'm sure excited at the idea of giving Jose a close look at me exposed.

We took some shots and were reminiscing about Mr Collins fucking us both the previous night... we had a couple more shots, and waited a bit before Evelyn stood up and dried herself off. She looked at me and said "go ahead and lay down on the side of the tub... I'm going to go talk to Jose" as she gave me a wink, and walked away, still topless and went inside. I got out and laid out with my feet still dangling in the water... I imagined Jose being at eye level with my exposed pussy, and Evelyn fucking him while he looks at me. I wondered what he'd look like in action... how good would he fuck her... I don't know if I could have pulled off a plan like this without her, but I was extremely excited to see how it would play out. I played with myself in anticipation as I kept a close eye on the door... and after a little while I heard a car leaving, so I assumed Billy and Squat left... maybe they decided to call it an early night. About 15 minutes later I heard the door, and I quickly stopped teasing myself and laid still as I saw them come out holding towels.

Evelyn was giggly and I heard her tell him "don't worry... even if she wakes up she's not going to remember... I want you to get in the hot tub with me". I could hear the hesitancy in his voice when he said "Alan would kill me if he heard I was in there next to his passed out girlfriend... besides, I don't have a bathing suit". I peeked through nearly closed eyes as Evelyn said "they'll be at IHOP for at least another hour, just undress and join me... it'll be our fun little secret". I realized everyone had left, and it was just the three of us... and watched as she undid his pants and pulled them to the ground, and then fished his cock out and put it in her mouth. He looked over at me, and then back at her before she stood up and dropped her bottoms and pulled him up the steps into the hot tub... seeing his cock bobbing as he got closer just built up my anticipation and made my pussy urge for attention... and it was fun knowing I could see him all worked up without knowing I could see him.

They kissed for a minute, and I could see him looking between my legs, which was eye level just as I planned. He stopped and said "are you sure she won't remember anything if she wakes up?". Evelyn stood up and pulled him over toward me as she said "I promise, look for yourself... you could stab her in the eye right now, and she wouldn't know what happened in the morning... watch this". Evelyn reached out and grabbed my breasts and started to shake and wiggle them... she then said "It's not really fair that she was the only one not topless today, is it?" As she undid the my top and pulled it off... leaving my tits out for him to see in person for the first time. I heard Jose gasp before saying "wow... Alan better not find out about this for sure". Evelyn played with my bare tits as she told him "if he found out, he'd be more mad at me than you... so you better not tell anyone... promise?". Evelyn grabbed the tie from my bottoms and I felt her slowly pulling, waiting for his reply... he seemed extremely nervous as he replied "I promise", and Evelyn pulled the the string completely to remove my bottoms.

I peeked again to see Jose standing between my legs, staring at my naked pussy...I could see Evelyn was stroking his cock with her right hand, and she used her left hand to rub and open my pussy. Jose shuttered "we shouldn't be doing this...", and Evelyn responded "no... we shouldn't... but that's part of what makes it so fun... besides, we already are, so it doesn't matter at this point... can you see how pink she is inside her pussy?". Jose didn't say a word as he continued to look at my most intimate areas, and Evelyn got next to me and laid back with her legs spread out, and said "who's pussy do you want to eat first"... my heart skipped, as that was not part of the plan and wasn't expected... but I did want it. Jose moved over between her legs and went down on her while she held on to my leg... and before long he stood up and positioned himself to penetrate her.

He was thourally enjoying viewing both our bodies as he used hers for his own gratification... taking the time to fuck her with long deliberate strokes. I heard Evelyn tell him "We're so bad... fucking right next to Alan's naked girlfriend... feel how hard her nipples are"... once again my heart skipped as I felt fingers grope my breast... I gave a quick peek to see that it wasn't Jose though, it was Evelyn... but it didn't take long before Jose reached out and started playing with my other nipple. It felt so naughty getting felt up by Alan's friend while he fucked Evelyn, and he looked so excited to slowly rub my breast... but he suddenly stopped and backed up with a fearful look in his eyes as he whispered "she's awake, I saw her eye moving!". Evelyn laughed and said "How many times do I have to tell you? Regardless if she's awake or not, she's not going to remember any of this... although she might not let you if she's awake... then again, maybe she will... it won't hurt to find out".

Jose still looked nervous, and Evelyn moved between my legs and loudly said "Diana, I'm going to eat your pussy out in front of Jose while he fucks me" followed with laughter. I looked around a bit and then pulled my legs up, allowing her better access to my pussy, and laid my head back down. Evelyn bent over in front of Jose and said "fuck me" before she started running her tongue up and down my pussy... and I really appreciated the attention because I was getting overly horny without a means to satiate my urges. Jose looked at me as I continued to hold up my legs for Evelyn, and then positioned himself behind her to start fucking her again. I loved watching her being such a slut... the same slut I was starting to feel like I was... as she looked up at me with a devious smile, I really appreciated that she would play a long with me... I wondered if maybe someday I could return the favor for her... I'd be more than happy too.

His thrusts into her were making my tits bounce, as he gripped her waist and stared down at my naked body. I made eye contact with him and acted way more drunk than I was when I asked "where did my bathing suit go?" as I covered my nipples with my hands. Evelyn was quick to reply "you took it off in front of Jose... you were showing him your tits, remember?". I acted like I believed her and said "oh... did he like them" in a drunken tone. Evelyn said "he loved them... didn't you Jose"... I looked up at him with half closed eyes, acting like I was on the verge of passing out, and Jose slowly said "you're incredibly sexy Diana... you have amazing breasts" as he slowly thrusted into Evelyn's pussy. I smiled as I uncovered my chest and sat up for him to get a better look... I laid my head back, like I couldn't stay awake, and Evelyn stopped eating me out, and it sounded like she was sucking his cock again... I knew that my legs were still spread wide with my gaping cunt open for Jose to look at, but I acted oblivious to it.

I felt Evelyn's familiar fingers rubbing and exploring my pussy, and then heard her whispering something to Jose... but I couldn't make out what it was she was saying... I really was drunk, just not as drunk as I was acting... but it wasn't long before I felt a hand placed on my knee, and very slowly slid down to my upper thigh. I knew it was him, it was easy to tell... and I felt like he was moving slow to test out how far he could get... knowing he was sneaking up to my pussy was turning me on immensely... and when I felt his fingers barely graze my lips and then slowly start to explore, I couldn't help but to grind against his hand a little... and then I felt his fingers slowly begin to slide inside of me. Jose had seen my pics and videos before, but now he was hands on in person exploring my open wet cunt, and the urge for more was strong... I never wanted it to get physical, just to avoid him being awkward later... but I told myself that as long as he wasn't fucking me, it was OK... but then again, I wasn't in the best state of mind since I was both drunk and extremely horny.

He was slowly fingering me, exploring the inside of my cunt, and I heard Evelyn say "go ahead... taste her pussy... it's probably the only chance you'll have... and no one will ever know... taste what Alan has been fucking". I could hear him breathing heavy, and after a few seconds I could feel his heavy breaths on my inner thighs... but he seemed hesitant to advance further, like he was afraid of crossing that line... but I wanted him to cross it! I grunted once again in a drunken voice "lick my pussy again... please"... I wanted to give the impression that I was unaware it was him, and I heard Evelyn say "you heard her... eat her pussy". It was a few more heavy breaths before I felt his tongue slide up my slit... I guess I didn't realize just how close he was, because I didn't feel him get any closer before his tongue made contact and ran up to my clit...I moaned out "don't stop", and he pushed his face into me as his tongue made laps up and down my slit... he used his hands to open and manipulate my lips as he worked his tongue in and around my pussy... and I loved he was taking advantage of me. I snuck a glance toward him and he was completely focused on my pussy, spreading it wide with his fingers.

Evelyn smiled at me and then told him "it's my turn", as she turned him around and sat him down in the hot tub. I watched from between my legs as she climbed on top of him and started riding him. I felt like things had gone far enough, and I wanted to end things before having to worry about Alan getting back with the others before they finished. I got down in the hot tub and swaggered as I stood next to them, and Jose looked at my tits as they hung free for his viewing, while he continued to hold her hips and thrust into her. Evelyn got up, squeezed his legs together, and turned around to ride him reverse cowgirl while staring at me with a big grin, and then held her arms out toward me to come closer... I wasn't sure what she had in mind, but I drunkenly stammered toward her and straddled Jose's legs as she pulled me into her and started kissing me passionately... based on Jose's grunts I got the impression he was getting close... I sat down on his legs, and got more turned on from being so close to him as he was getting ready to cum inside of Evelyn.

Evelyn broke our kiss, and whispered in my ear "I'm not letting him cum yet"... she stood up and backed her ass towards his face, and he slid down a bit to eat her pussy from behind. She pulled me towards her as I asked "Is he good at that?"... as if I didn't already know... she gave me a kiss and then said "he's good at a lot of things", as she pushed down on my shoulders to sit me down... but what I didn't realize in my drunken haze, was that she had lead me to where I was standing directly over his cock... and within a couple seconds of sitting I felt him pressing between my legs, and then quickly penetrating me. I looked at Evelyn and I could tell by her devious smile she knew what happened... and I had no doubt that she did it purposely. She got up and climbed out of the hot tub, and Jose and I faced each other with his cock fully inside of me. He didn't say a word, he just looked at me with a confused and shocked look on his face, and I'm sure I looked the same.

I felt him slightly move his hips... and I felt my hips staring to grind down on him as well. I once again hammed up how drunk I was, wanting to make sure he knew I "wouldn't remember", and then I slurred "you better not tell anyone about this, understand?"... Jose nodded and said "I understand", before I started slowly riding his cock. Jose pulled me into him and started sucking my tits as they hung in his face, and I continued to ride him... but I noticed in the window behind him, Alan's grandpa was watching again... Evelyn had already noticed because she was squatting and spreading her legs right in front of the window, allowing the old man to watch her masturbate right in front of his face... I didn't want Jose to see him and freak out, so I got off of him and pulled him up to follow me into the house... and honestly, if this was going to be the one time I fuck him, I wanted to fuck him right. I had forgot about my drunken act until we got back inside the house, so I purposely stumbled, and he helped hold me up and led me to my room.

I dropped to my knees and started sucking his cock... he gasped out and said "oh my God... I really hope you don't remember any of this tomorrow" before grabbing my hair to help guide my head back and forth down on his dick... it wasn't long before he pulled me up and backed me up to the bed so that I was on my back, and he quickly pulled my legs up and slapped his cock on my pussy before pushing inside of me. Evelyn walked in the room looking dried off, and with his clothes and our bathing suits... she tossed them on the ground and said "look at you... fucking your friends girlfriend... you're such a naughty boy". Jose climbed on top of me, pulling one leg up as he fucked me missionary... his head was side by side with mine, and I could hear his heavy breaths on my ear. I looked over at Evelyn who was standing next to us while masturbating... and it dawned on me that her fetish for fucking taken guys, it seemed to go both ways as it clearly turned her on watching me cheat as well. My pussy started making gushing sounds as I was getting close to cumming, and apparently it was loud enough to where Evelyn could hear it, because she said "she's getting close to cumming, Jose.. don't stop now... see what her pussy feels like cumming around your cock".

I moaned "fuck me, Alan... I'm about to cum"... I purposely said Alan's name, just to remind him I was trashed and not going to remember... and it turned me on to feel taken advantage of. I could feel my orgasm growing and my pussy tightening, and I knew Jose felt it as well because he whispered in my ear "go ahead and cum... you fucking slut whore". I would have never expected to hear him say anything like that... but then again, I never would have expected him to fuck me like this either... but it was enough to throw me over the edge as I started cumming with loud moans. Jose was still fucking me as I acted like I was passed out, and I heard Evelyn say "cum on her face"... I've never been a fan of facials, but Evelyn wanted to see it... or maybe she was just making sure he didn't cum inside of me, so that Alan didn't figure out just how far this had gone. Jose pulled out and climbed over to my face... I opened my eyes slightly and watched as he frantically stroked his cock over my face until his started shooting ropes of cum on me. He grunted loudly as I heard Emily tell him "that's so fucking sexy...I bet you've been wanting to do that for awhile"... I wondered, how many times had he jacked off like that while watching my videos or looking at my pictures... and now he had got to fully explore my body first hand, he got to play with my tits and pussy, he got to eat me out, I gave him a blow job, and he got to fuck me... and all while thinking that no one but him and Evelyn would ever know.

Once he had a minute to calm down after his orgasm, it looked like he began to panick a little bit as he picked up his clothes and said "I should go... I can't believe that happened". Evelyn laughed and said "you're still worrying... I'm not going to say anything, they would be mad at me too... and you're not going to say anything, right?"... Jose zipped up his pants as he said "I'm never telling anyone", to which Evelyn said "then it's cool, don't worry... you can tell them you fucked me, helped me bring Diana inside, and then left... that's all anyone needs to know". Jose gave a long exhale after putting on his shirt, and Evelyn gave him a hug as she said "we just had some naughty fun, don't sweat it... look at that pretty pussy we got to play with". I peeked and saw they were both looking at me, and then Jose said "I'm going to go, tell the others I'll get my stuff later". Evelyn giggled as she smacked him on the ass as he walked out the door, and told him "thanks for the good time, I had a lot of fun" before I heard him leave the house and then drive away.

I sat up and grabbed a towel to wipe his cum off my face, and Evelyn jumped on the bed next to me while saying "how fun was that?"... I told her "I wasn't planning on letting him fuck me"... she responded "I know... I just really wanted to see it, and I thought deep down you wanted it to... did you?"... I knew the answer, and she did as well. I reluctantly said "yes... I wanted it", and Evelyn said good, because I have more planned. I looked at her confused, and she added "The guys will be back soon... and I'm going to tell Alan that I need a ride home due to an emergency... I'm going to fuck him, and you'll be passed out naked for Billy's and Squat's view... so feel free to strike the pose you want to be seen in"... Evelyn started getting dressed, and I realized just how well she had thought this all through... she had a plan to fully expose myself to everyone all while I get to act innocent, potentially get fucked, and she would fuck my boyfriend and see if he tells me or not.. would I let Billy fuck me if he tried? Squat wasn't the smartest guy, and I worried he might say something if he knew anything happened...

I got a text from Alan saying "were on our way back. Did you get to show off to Jose?". I texted back "yes, they carried me back to the room and Evelyn undressed me in front of him. He left not long after, but he was getting a really good up close look". Alan texted back "maybe you can lay passed out in the living room so Billy and Squat can see you. I'll act surprised and tell them not to tell you they saw you like that". I knew that Evelyn planned on him taking her home, but I decided not to tell him... I wanted to see what might happen if I'm left alone with Billy and Squat, and I knew he wouldn't allow that to happen. I replied back "one naked girlfriend passed out on the couch, coming up. I hope you're ready for this!". I told Evelyn the plan, and added "let me know when Alan is on his way back after you fuck him... just in case". Evelyn gave me a smirk as she asked "you're hoping you get fucked more, aren't you?". I responded as we walked out into the living room "I'm curious to see what they try to get away with"... I sat down on the couch, legs slightly spread, ready to act passed out and to be on full display to Alan's friends. Evelyn was still nude, and she told me she was going to stay that way... she said "I'll come out of the bathroom and act like I didn't know they were here... I want to let them get a look at me too... I'll just act to drunk to care".

We heard the car pull up, and Evelyn went into the bathroom... my heart was racing, I was about to expose myself to his friends, and I couldn't control how much it turned me on... and getting to play innocent later was perfect. I had already got fucked by Jose, and now it was time for more fun... and I knew Alan was excited as well. I heard the door knob turning, and my heart jumped in anticipation... it was a couple seconds until I heard Billy say "Holy shit", and I knew he was looking at me. I heard squat say "damn, look at those tits", and then I heard Alan come in and say "oh my God, why is she naked?" (His acting wasn't very good, but they seemed to not question it)... as if on que, Evelyn walked out of the bathroom, and I heard Billy ask "why are you guys naked? Where's Jose?"... squat was quick to ask "did Jose fuck you both?"... and Alan one again asked why I was naked. Evelyn explained "Jose fucked me and then left, I took off Diana's wet bathing suit and was trying to move her to the bedroom... but she's passed out and I can't move her alone"... I heard Alan say "she won't remember anything tomorrow, thankfully... She would kill me if she knew you guys saw her like this, so you guys better not say a fucking word, understand?". I heard them both agree to keep it between them. Evelyn said "I won't say anything either, I don't want to embarrass her... she does have really nice tits though, doesn't she?".

Squat replied "yeah she does... I can see a little bit of her pussy too", which cause Alan to say "Ok, Ok... Billy, well you help me carry her to the bedroom?". I opened my eyes a little as Alan pulled up on my upper body, and I saw Billy grab my upper thighs to lift me up... he was looking at my pussy, and I felt him spread my legs a bit, but I'm sure he hoped Alan wouldn't notice... but I'm sure he did. Billy noticed my eye were partially opened and said "I think she is starting to wake up"... Alan reminded them "don't worry about it, even if she wakes up she won't remember anything in the morning... she is well past black out drunk". I noticed Squat was walking slightly behind Billy and staring at my cunt as they carried me into the bedroom. Evelyn apologized for the bed being wet and told them "Jose fucked me good before I could dry off... I'm such a slut when I'm drunk". Billy replied "well don't hesitate to give me a call the next time you're drunk". They laid me down on the bed, and I purposely left my legs wide and spread to make sure they took me all in... I slightly peeked and watched Evelyn get on the bed next to me, with her ass up in the air, and said "I'm drunk now... why wait till next time?". Billy raised his eyebrows and turned to look at Alan, and I could tell Alan wasn't sure what to think... it certainly wasn't in the plan that we discussed earlier. I noticed Squat was just gawking at my cunt as I wondered where this was going, what would happen next...

Evelyn spoke up again, saying "I want to watch Alan fuck Diana while I get fucked... it's that ok Alan? It can be our secret"... I loved the idea, and I'm sure my pussy was getting noticeably wet again to everyone who was looking. Alan slowly started to speak up "I don't know... Diana would kill me if she found out about it". Billy replied "I need to get laid, I don't care if you guys watch" as he took his shirt off and started to undo his pants... I could tell Alan was uneasy about them fucking right next to me, but I also knew he would love the idea of Billy fucking her while being able to look at me... Alan finally said "no touching Diana though", and without even replying Billy got up on the bed next to me... behind Evelyn, and started working his cock inside of her... and watching him grab her hips and slam into her repeatedly as she moaned out... I couldn't help but touch myself, and Squat was quick to point it out. "She's rubbing her pussy" he said, as everyone turned their attention to between my legs. I moaned out "fuck me", and heard Billy say "that's so fucking sexy" as he continued to rail on Evelyn. Alan started to undress, and I knew he was about to fuck me in front of everyone... and I couldn't wait. I heard squat ask "you want me to help you?", to which Alan promptly shot down by saying "you guys can't touch her, she's my girlfriend". Squat, being not very bright said "she's not going to remember anyway"... I guess he was really hoping to fuck me, but Alan told him "I don't want you guys touching her... I don't mind Evelyn touching her, of course". I knew it was a long shot, but I would have loved if Alan had let them use me... even Squat, who was far from attractive.

Evelyn leaned in to kiss me as Alan pushed inside my pussy... he started thrusting, making my tits bounce on my chest, and I noticed both his friends were watching as I moaned out loudly. I felt a hand start rubbing my ass, and I knew it was Squat sneaking a feel... I just hoped Alan wouldn't notice. Billy was steadily fucking Evelyn when she offered "who wants me to suck their cock while I'm getting fucked?", and quickly Squat headed around the bed while undressing... he slid in front of Evelyn, so my head was next to his waist, and she proceeded to suck on his fat cock while getting fucked by Billy. Billy pulled out and bent over to eat her pussy, and Alan was having to slow down to pace himself... I think he was getting overly excited by everything going on. Billy stood up next to Alan and said "remember earlier when she didn't want to show her tits... and now she's naked and getting fucked in front of all of us... except Jose of course". The guys all chuckled, and Squat added "Jose really missed out!", and Alan reminded them, "you guys can't say anything to anyone, even Jose" as he pulled out and walked over to my face, and placed his cock on my lips... I took the hint and rolled over onto my stomach as I started to suck his cock.

Evelyn turned around so she could suck on Billy's dick, and Squat didn't miss the opportunity to slide his cock into her and start fucking. I stuck my ass up in the air with my legs spread... I wanted to give an open invitation to Billy, even if he could only look while Evelyn sucked his dick like a good little slut. I was jealous... I wanted to be fucked by two guys at the same time too... but despite him liking others to look at me, he drew the line at physical contact. I felt Evelyn's hair on my thigh, so I knew how close they were to me... I liked thinking that Billy was fucking her face while staring at my open cunt, and imagining he was fucking me. I was lost in that thought when I felt Billy's hand touch my upper thigh... I instantly got wet again at just the thought of him secretly trying to touch me while his hand was out of view. Squat was slowing down a bit as he continued to fuck Evelyn, and said "damn Alan, it looks like she's really good at sucking cock". I guess Billy noticed that Alan was distracted, because I felt his hand slide up my leg until he had his fingers pressed against my pussy... it was ballsy, but I fucking loved it... and when I felt a finger slide up my slit, and then start rubbing my hole... it took everything I had not to give any sign of what was happening.

I heard squat tell Alan "we can switch places if you'd like", at the same time as I felt Billy's finger slide up inside of me. Alan of course wasn't going for it, but I knew he loved knowing they wanted me... he just wanted to keep me to himself. Billy slowly worked his fingers up and down my slit and then back into my pussy... and I wanted so badly to give myself to him. After about a minute I felt him move his hand away, and realized he was just making sure Alan didn't see him when Billy moved his hand back and started to slowly finger me again. The rhythm sounds of Squat smacking into Evelyn was turning me on as well... I didn't know if she would be willing to let Squat fuck her... he's not a very attractive guy, and I'm sure he hasn't fucked a lot of girls... but there she was, bent over and letting him use her pussy like a good little slut... and for some odd reason, I admired that. Evelyn sat up, got off the bed, and walked around to Alan... she turned his head to kiss him while I was still sucking his cock... and within a few seconds I could feel a hand slide under and grope my right tit, and Billy rubbing his cock against my pussy... they must have been waiting for an opportunity, and knowing Alan wasn't looking and they were going to take advantage of it was making me gush... I reached between my legs and felt his cock, and then guided him to penetrate me.

I kept an eye on Alan, who still had his head turned, as I felt Billy slowly slide inside me until he was fully in, and I used my right hand to grab Squat's cock, and slowly give it a little stroke and squeeze. I couldn't see Billy or Squat, but I could feel just how turned on they were. Evelyn turned him so that he was facing her, his cock leaving my mouth, which caused all of us to retreat for a second... but once I realized we were out of view I reached out to grab his cock again, and I felt Billy sliding back into me and then slowly fucking me... making sure not to make any noise. I looked up at Alan, and Evelyn was whispering something in his ear... I looked back at Billy, who glanced at me, but was focused on making sure Alan didn't catch him... I looked over at Squat, who rolled over on his hip so that his cock that I was slowly stroking was now in my face... I took the hint and started slowly sucking on his fat cock... the look of surprise and pleasure on his face made my heart beat faster... I was literally getting used by my boyfriends buddies right behind his back... but I felt Billy quickly pull out again, and I knew I better stop as well as I turned my head to face Alan and relinquished my grip on Squat's cock and lowered my ass from the air. The whole thing didn't last very long, but it was extremely erotic nevertheless.

Billy walked toward Evelyn to try to act like nothing had happened, and Squat laid back down before Alan turned around and said "ok guys, I think things have gone way too far... I'm going to give Evelyn a ride home, so it's time to call it a night". Billy and Squat both moaned, and Evelyn said "sorry guys, I have to go" as she picked up her dress and slid it on. Alan put a sheet over me as the guys started getting dressed as well, and Evelyn gave squat a hug and said "thanks for fucking me so good", and then went over to Billy and gave him a hug as well... she whispered in his ear, which caused Billy to smirk, and then she walked away to hug on Alan. The guys walked out to put on their shoes, and Evelyn whispered in my ear "they'll be back shortly after we leave... I'm going to fuck your boyfriend, and I'll let you know when he drops me off... I'll try to give you enough time". I smiled and told her "thank you" as she returned the smile and gave me a kiss before walking away. I heard the guys leaving, but not before Alan once again reminding them that this stays between them, and I can't ever know... Alan walked in the room and I quickly sat up and said "That was so fucking hot! They wanted to fuck me so bad!". Alan chuckled and said "I was getting worried they were going to try to!".

Alan gave me a kiss and then said "I need to give Evelyn a ride home... she started to feel bad, so I'll drop her off and I'll be back in a bit, ok?". I knew he was lying of course... I knew he would be fucking her behind my back, and I oddly found it relieving... like I felt less guilty, despite not really feeling guilty... and knowing I would get all the details later actually turned me on a well. I made things easier on him by saying "I understand, no hurry... maybe take her to get some medicine or juice". Alan smiled and said "I will... see you in a bit" before giving me a kiss and walking out the door... as soon as I heard Alan's car leaving I started to get excited... I knew Billy and Squat were going to be coming back to take advantage of me, and my pussy was pulsing with anticipation. I rubbed myself knowing I'd soon be alone with them, and they weren't going to hold back... I was lost in forbidden fantasies when I heard a vehicle pulling up, and I knew it was them. My heart started racing hard, and I removed the sheet on me so they could see me... I wanted them to see what I was doing. I heard them walking towards the room as I moaned loudly and shamelessly continued to masturbate furiously. They walked in the room, and I heard them both gasp as they walked up to me and started undoing their pants. Billy told Squat "she knows it's us... and she wants to fuck us... did you see how she would hide what she was doing when Alan looked our way?... she might not remember any of this later, but she definitely knows what she's doing right now". I hadn't realized it, but he was right... they could tell I was purposely cheating... but as long as they believed I wouldn't remember anything, I guess it didn't matter. I just acted a lot more drunk again as they undressed, and I asked them "are you guys going to fuck me now?" In a very slurred drunk voice.

Billy grabbed my knees and spread them wide as they both admired and rubbed on my pussy, spreading it out as Billy joked "Alan would kill us if he knew about this". They both chuckled and Squat replied "I'm glad he won't know" before he started eating me out... feeling his tongue run up and down my slit and invading my most private crevices, I grinded against his face while asking "do you like the way my pussy looks? Do you like the way it tastes?". Squat mumbled as he pushed his tongue inside of me, and I heard Billy tell him "move out of the way, I'm ready to fuck her" in a crass tone. Squat did move though, and Billy immediately lined his cock up and started fucking me aggressively... slamming his cock down hard, as if he were trying to go deeper with each thrust. He ended up pushing my legs back until my knees were pinned to the bed, and gripped my left tit while he continued to smack his waist into me.. the slapping sounds ringing out as I encouraged him "don't stop... use my pussy... fuck my wet pussy"... and it was definitely wet, you could hear that a well. Squat watched wide eyed with a fully aroused cock on display, and I would have been happy to suck on it, but he seemed to be mesmerized by what he was watching.

Billy pulled his cock out, and told Squat "look at that pretty gaping cunt... do you see how wet she is?". Squat got closer to exam my fucked pussy, and then asked Billy "can I have a turn now? I want to fuck Diana bad"... Billy let me go and stepped away so Squat could take his place, as Billy told him "go ahead, man... fuck Alan's bitch".... hearing that made me think I should feel degraded, but it honestly sent a jolt to my clit, as I turned over and stuck my ass up in the air and told Squat "go ahead and fuck me, Alan will never know". Squat spread my ass checks open to further exam my most hidden area, gave it a lick, and moved in to start fucking me from behind. The initial slide in was slow, as if he was savoring it... but he quickly started thrusting faster as he gripped tightly on my waist. He wasn't hitting it as deep or as hard as Billy was, but it was exciting giving myself to him regardless. I could feel his stomach smacking my ass with each short thrust, and he started to breath really heavy when Billy got in front of me and said "show me how you suck Alan's cock... let me see what he's been getting". That was the first time I'd seen his cock up close, and I was caught off guard by how pretty it looked... nice, smooth, pale... good length and girth without being too much... I realized I gasped a little as I grabbed it with my right hand and began to stroke it... I looked up at him and said "you have a beautiful cock" before I took him in my mouth and started aggressively sucking him... it was one of the moments where I wanted to impress, so I went the extra mile to do so. Apparently he was impressed, because he had his phone out and was taking pictures of me... my initialize reaction was to get aroused, but I couldn't help but worry they would fall in the wrong hands.

Billy dropped the phone and grabbed a handful of hair as he moved my head up and down, and my tits rocked back and forth as I continued to get fucked at each end. Billy asked me "Alan has no idea just how much of a cock hungry little whore you are, does he?"... I realized just how right he was, as I looked up at him and shook my head... I felt my pussy flood and start tightening, and I knew I was about to cum on Squat's dick... and he knew it too because he called out "hey Billy, she's about to nut. She must really love this cock... I can feel her pussy griping my cock... fuck, I'm going to cum too!". I was moaning on Billy's dick when he pulled out out of my mouth and said "don't cum in her, I still want to fuck her" as he pulled me away from squat and spun me around so he could fuck me again... squat stroked his cock in my face, and I could tell it was about to erupt... I licked his shaft and head, and told him "go ahead, Squat... cum on my face"... I had never seen so many giant spurts of cum before, as he continued to shoot long streams repeatedly against my face... that plus the aggressive fucking I was getting from Billy made me cum hard as well, and I was sure to make sure they both knew, as I fell forward in the bed and my body started to spasm. Squat picked up a towel off the floor so I could wipe his cum off my face, and I noticed Billy had his phone out and was taking pictures of me again, as I purposely spread my legs for the camera.

Squat sat at the end of the bed, still breathing heavy and wiping sweat from his head when Billy told him "go ahead and get dressed, and keep an eye out for Alan... it's my turn to cum now". Squat did as instructed and started getting dressed while still soaking me in with his eyes, and Billy pulled me over on top of him, and started kissing me... it's weird how kissing can catch me by surprise sometimes, seeing as we had already done everything else... but laying on top of him, his hard cock rubbing up against me as our lips met and our tongues explored each other... I melted. His hands gripped my ass strongly, as his fingers explored everywhere between my legs, grazing my asshole and diving in my cunt...I couldn't take it anymore, I needed to cum, I needed him back inside of me. I lowered my body and felt his cock glide up inside of my overly wet pussy, and then sat up and started to ride him furiously. He smirked at we with a determined look while my tits bounced in front of him. He told me "you may not remember this... but I certainly will... every time I see you from here on out, I'm going to be thinking about how I fucked you... like the little whore you secretly are". That really got me going... and part of me wanted to tell him that he could have me whenever he wanted... that any time we had the chance I'd be happy to help him cum. I thought about the pictures he took of me and how he would no doubt look at those and remember that night...

Billy asked me "you really are a slut, aren't you?... you would love to get fucked by us all the time, wouldn't you?". I continued to fuck him as his words further pushed me to orgasm as I answered "yes... if I knew Alan wouldn't find out, I'd let you guys fuck me whenever you wanted"... I worried the drunk act wasn't going to continue to work... I had been forgetting to ham up how drunk I was while I was letting him use my pussy. Squat walked to the door and said "you guys should hurry, Alan could be back anytime"... I glanced at Squat as he stood there staring at me, and then reached down between my legs and started rubbing my clit as I continued to ride Billy... his thrusts meeting mine as I moaned out "you're cock is so good... Alan can never know... how much I love... you guys fucking me". My pussy once again started to tighten as my orgasm grew, and Billy was quick to notice... he told me "rub your pussy, Diana... cum all over my cock like a good little whore"... that was enough to push me over the edge and I built up my orgasm to the point I couldn't stop it... and Billy told me "I'm going to cum inside your soaking cunt...I can't stop"... I knew he shouldn't cum in me, but I was past the point of stopping... and honestly hearing that just made me cum even faster, and harder. Billy's face turned red as held his breath and then gave a loud growl as I felt him shoot his loads up inside me... and I fucked him manically as I felt my pussy gushing around his cock as I came.

I fell on my back and tried to catch my breath while relishing in a strong orgasm... Squat walked up and picked up Billy's clothes and tossed them at him as he told him "We should go before Alan gets back". Billy got up out of the bed to get dressed, and I spread my legs to allow his cum to run out of my well fucked pussy. Squat walked over and started tweaking my nipples while looking closely at my cunt, and I asked him "did you like fucking me, Squat?... did you like using my body?" Squat looked me in the eyes and said "Can I do it again sometime?", to which I replied in a drunken tone "anytime, as long as Alan doesn't know". Billy finished putting on his shirt and told Squat "she not going to remember this, so I don't think this will ever happen again"... but then looked at me and said "but if you do remember... and you want to get fucked again... just text me"... and just like that, they walked out of the room and out of the house. As soon as I heard his vehicle leave I got up to clean up and make sure there wasn't any evidence anywhere of what just happened.

I figured I'd wait for Alan naked in the hot tub, and that would help get rid of any cum that might still be visible in me. Eventually I got a text from Evelyn saying he had dropped her off, and of course he had fucked her... he told her not to say anything, but she knew that I knew already anyway. Evelyn told me that he refused to cum so that he could fuck me when he got home.. probably because he knew I'd be expecting it. Alan messaged me soon after saying he would be back home soon, and I let him know I was in the hot tub waiting for him... but as I waited, I couldn't help but wonder... the next time I'm home alone and horny, should I message Billy?... should I let him know I remembered everything, and they were free to use me?... or should I let them think they got away with something they shouldn't have, and just leave it be? I was curious to see how they would act around me after what happened, especially if they think I don't remember. After a bit of time Alan pulled up and walked toward the hot tub, and started to undress as soon as he saw me. I asked him "Is Evelyn OK?", to which he answered "I'm sure she'll be alright... it just took awhile due to making stops for medicine and stuff" while climbing naked into the hot tub.

We embraced as he said "I can't believe they all saw you completely naked tonight". I giggled and said "did you see the way they were staring at my pussy? They even watched you fuck me". Alan lifted me up to sit on the side of the tub, and got between my legs to slowly fuck me again. I asked him "did you see how bad they wanted to fuck me?... they were looking at my tits and cunt while they fucked Evelyn". It wasn't long after that was said that I noticed Alan's grandpa in the window watching us... I told Alan "it looks like everyone wants to watch me get fucked tonight" as I nudged my head towards the window. Alan glanced and saw him as well, but looked at me with a big smile as he told me "get up on the side, and stick your ass up against the window... let him get a good look at you from behind". Without hesitation I did just as he asked... I couldn't see him anymore, but I could imagine the view I was giving him while Alan put his cock in my mouth. I sucked on him for awhile before pulling out his dick and telling him "you know I'd do anything for you, right... I'll let you fuck who you want to fuck, and I'll let anyone see me that you'd like... however you'd like". He looked back and forth between me and the window, and then replied "if I wanted you to go to grandpa's room naked, and let him look up close at your pussy... would you do it?". Of course I would, I had before, but he didn't know that... I told him "yes... I would". It was quiet for a minute and Alan asked me "if I asked you to let him fuck you... would you let him?".

That question caught me by surprise... and I hadn't really wanted to fuck him... but then again, I never wanted to fuck Squat before either... and maybe this would be what gets him to loosen up and let me explore more guys in the future... I thought about it, and I looked back at the old man who was stroking his cock while looking at my pussy from behind... and then back up to Alan, and said "if you wanted me to... yes, I'd let him fuck me". Alan grabbed my waist, spun me around, and then quickly entered me from behind... and I looked up to see his grandpa looking right at me as he continued to stroke his cock. I don't know if Alan would really want me to fuck his grandpa, but as I watched the old man staring at me, slowly pumping his cock, I couldn't help but wonder... would he be the next guy to use my pussy? Maybe I'd be the last girl he ever fucks. I really felt like I was getting in way over my head at this point, and worried it was just a matter of time before things went wrong... but I didn't care, I needed more... and I knew I was going to get it.
