This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.



                 "Out of the Frying Pan and into the Fire"

                                by Musker

                       Inspired by and dedicated to
                            a very special Muse.

                                (part 13)

                              (the finally)


Katherin took the glass of wine from the stewardess. The corporate jet had
been flying for only a few minutes, but the plane ride promised to be a
pleasant one. The seats were spacious, reclining and very comfortable.
There was even room for a few top executives to have their luggage right
next to them. Similar to the size and shape of a compact steamer trunk,
like Katherin's. Hers was resting upright and directly in front of her.

Just before take off a fight attendant asked her if she might be more
comfortable if her obtrusive trunk was perhaps moved to the rear of the
plane. But Katherin just smiled back and said no. She told them that
something very special was inside and she wanted it kept near to her at all
times. So the black obelisk with it's shiny steel reinforced edges, it's
two heavy duty latches and it's massive keyed pad locks was left alone.
Except for Katherin's nylon clad foot. Ever since the plane took flight,
she took off her shoes and would causally rub the side of it as though she
was stroking the tender flesh of a cherished lover.

Inside the formidable locked container was her most dearest possession,
Candi. She remembered how she and Tonya packed her precious pet away
earlier this morning. Katherin knew Candi would not put up much of a fight
since she spent the entire night severely bound, gagged, and having one
orgasm after another via thing's most talented tongue. Katherin had been on
the receiving end of thing's extended proboscis many a time. So when it was
time to release her, Katherin knew Candi would be hard pressed to simply
stand let alone resist what was going to happen to her next.

Katherin had removed all of Candi's bondage, except for the strapped in
sponge gag, and added a dog collar and leash. As Tonya supported her,
Katherin led her by the leash into the bathroom. One time, Candi tried to
remove the gag, but Katherin quickly slapped her hand away from her over
stuffed mouth. Katherin then reached out and grasped both of her slave's
nipple rings and pulled up on them hard. She then warned her not to do that
again and threaten her that things could get much worst if she didn't obey.
Poor Candi was so exhausted, both physically and mentally, that she just
surrendered to the situation with only a tear running down her cheek to
show her reluctant compliance.

Katherin took some pictures from her purse to relive that wonderful morning
when she and Tonya prepared Candi for the trip. The first snapshot was of
her precious Candi resting on all fours in the bathtub. Her leash was tied
up short to a ring in the tile wall. And in her butt was a large nozzle
with a tube running from it to a bag containing some warm fluid as it hung
from the shower rod. Katherin smiled, so content with herself looking at
that picture of her bald headed pet looking into the camera with such sad
beseeching eyes. She remembered how Candi resisted looking into the camera.
But a few hard smacks on her ass demonstrated to her that resistance was
futile. Katherin looked closely at the picture and swore that she could see
part of Candi's glowing red ass cheek there in the photo.

The next picture showed her pet all lathered up with soap. She and Tonya
had so much fun washing her. Rubbing their hands all over her wet soapy
body and giving particular attention to her breasts and pussy. She felt
that Candi liked being massaged liked this too. But she doubted her pet
would ever admit to it. At least not until she had been thoroughly
indoctrinated into her new Candi persona.

In the next picture Candi is standing outside of the tub. She looks so
furlong with her head bowed down and her hands in front of her trying to
cover her ringed nipples and pussy while Tonya took this shot. Katherin
could see the enema bag was all empty now and she could even make out a
slight distension in Candi's stomach area from having all that warm
cleaning solution drained into her. She remembered with delight how she and
Tonya kept rubbing Candi's ballooned tummy commenting on how much a slut
she was for getting pregnant like she did. Katherin closed her eyes and
held the picture close to her chest, dreaming how much fun she was going to
have playing with her slave girl like this in California.

Katherin moved on to the next picture of Candi sitting on the toilet. The
dog leash was fasten to another ring in the wall just above the toilet's
water tank. It forced her slave to stay on the seat and arch her back
backwards with her head almost touching the wall behind her. She had Tonya
fasten Candi's thumbs to her nipple rings thus preventing her slave from
escaping her current position or removing her gag as they left her alone to
relieve herself.

Katherin giggled to herself as she quickly looked through the next two
pictures. One showed her pet bent over with her hands resting on the edge
of the bathtub and her butt sticking up in the air. Her legs were spread
wide apart and held straight. They kept her like this as they cleaned
around her bung hole and then lubricant both her butt and pussy holes.
Katherin could still remember hearing faint moans and whimpering from her
pet during this intimate invasion. She began to wonder if those sounds were
related to their prolonged diddling of her lower orifices or if her slave
were smart enough to figure out why they were greasing her up so much.
Katherin squirmed and giggled in the plane's cushy captain's chair as she
relived the tender Kodak moment.

The other picture was of a ghost. A ghost with big brown puppy dog eyes and
shiny gold rings. Candi had talcum powder rubbed all over her body making
her look like a macabre erotic aberration from the dead. Katherin removed
the dog collar and took off the strap that forced the nerf gag in, but she
still left the sponge inside her pet's gluttonous mouth. She then command
her slave not to touch the gag, and poor tired depressed Candi did as she
was told without a single act of rebellion.

Katherin's eyes grew full as she seen the next picture in the series. Her
pet, her beautiful Candi, was a glowing vision of hot fluorescent pink.
From the top of her bald head right down to the tip of her big toe,
Katherin's slave was covered in tight bubble gum pink latex. The only
openings were in the form of a series of well placed holes. Two of which
were for her distress pleading eyes. Two more tiny holes, air holes, for
her cute pixie shaped nose. A small oval opening for her mouth, still
packed to it's fullest with that sponge gag. A couple more little openings
for her ringed nipples to poke through. And finally two strategically place
holes for her well lubed pussy and butt holes.

Katherin had fond memories of putting her pet into that latex catsuit. She
gently stroked the image of Candi in the picture. Her pet was standing
alone, her arms at her side and staring wide eye into the camera. She
remembered how easy the talcum powder made it for Tonya and herself to slip
Candi's limp form into that tight body suit. The flowing curves of her
pet's legs seem to take on a more dramatic image once they were encased by
the pink colored material. Her arms flowed so easily into the long gloves
that ended with her hands formed into dainty doll like pods. The major
challenge of the garment was working it around Candi's torso. The stretchy
tightness of the latex made positioning the body opening in just the right
spots a formidable and quite exhausting task. Almost to the point of taking
the joy out of encasing her pretty pink pet. But together, they were able
to grasp, push and pull Candi's soft feminine body into the correct places
and then zipped it close in back, all the way to the base of her pretty
slave's neck.

The last piece was the hood. Katherin could understand the futile
resistance Candi put up when they began tugging and molding the hood into
place. But a few quick jerks on her slave's nipple rings put Candi back
into her whimpering submissive mode post haste. The final part was putting
a shine to the latex. Both her and Tonya had fun buffing her statuesque
display dummy into a brilliant shiny luster.

Katherin pulled down the small serving tray to place the next four pictures
upon it. She wanted to experience the full effect of seeing her pride and
joy being put into those custom made leather restraints. The first showed
Candi wearing a black leather corset. She remembered how she and Tonya took
turns in drawing the laces tightly through those industrial grommets until
the edges of the corset met in back. The effect on Candi was awesome. Her
waist was reduced significantly and the corset enhanced her natural hour
glass shape into looking positively wasp like.

The second picture was a back side view of Candi wearing a single glove. It
covered her entire arms from the end of her pink pod shaped hands to just
below her shoulders. It too had laces to be pulled and knotted tight as it
constricted her arms together into one in it's pythons like grip.

The third picture was a head and neck shot. Candi was wearing a unique
posture collar and a blow up gag. Katherin reminisced as she watched Tonya
fit those specially designed bondage devices onto her decorated pink and
black slave girl. The first thing Tonya did was to finally remove that
enormous nerf ball from Candi's mouth. Katherin was chuckling now just as
she did back then at how Tonya grasped the little bit that stuck out and
began pulling and shaking and forcing her poor pet's head this way and that
way in slowly pulling that damn thing out. She finally did get it out and
Candi's mouth just hung wide open as if she were unable to close it. She
knew what kept her pet's mouth open. It was the intense muscle pain in
trying to close her mouth that kept her looking like a hungry little birdie
beckoning to be feed. Just as Tonya was about to place her personally
design gag into Candi's receptive oral cavity both women heard a single
muttered word--"Mercy". But Katherin had no sympathy for who and what her
pet use to be. All she cared about was Candi, her new human bondage sex
doll. Tonya looked at Katherin with an inquiring look. But Katherin only
smiled and just nodded her head once. Tonya then forcibly worked the new
gag into Candi's teary eyed and groaning mouth.

The gag was wedged shaped in design and made out of black rubber. There
were two groves in it so Candi's teeth would be inserted into them. A small
diameter hose that ended in a squeeze ball was connected to the front side
of the wedge right next to a hollow tube that ran dead center through it.
As Tonya pumped the ball, the wedge would expand and force Candi's jaws
apart. But Tonya only squeezed the ball a few times just so the wedge would
sit right in Candi's mouth.

Tonya then took what looked like a cross between a well shaped neck brace
and a very small corset. It was wrapped around Candi's neck and the claps
fasten in front. The top and bottom edges were lightly padded and conformed
around Candi's shoulders as well as the base of her skull and under her
jaw. Tonya went behind Candi and began tightening up the laces just like on
her corset, but instead of squeezing Candi's neck it forced her neck to
stretch lengthwise and in so doing held her head immobile and looking
straight forward. When Tonya was done Candi could not move her head at all,
but was still able to breathe quite freely.

Tonya then walked in front and began pumping on the wedge gag again. Both
Tonya and Katherin watched eagerly as Candi's jaw were forced deeply into
the posture collar. Then they giggled like school girls as Candi cheeks
ballooned out like a hamster's cheek pouch loaded with food. Finally, Tonya
was done and disconnected the hose from the wedge. Both women were ogling
Candi like some strange freak in a circus. Her eyes like her cheeks seemed
ready to burst out. Her head was this electric pink sitting on top of a
black leather pedestal. Her mouth draw out in a kind of weird, black, open
mouthed grin, with a hole through the center of it that allowed Candi to
breathe through. There was a strap on the back of the collar that was
attached to the single glove making it impossible for it to slide off
Candi's arms. Katherin lingered on this photo almost to the point of being
mesmerized by the surreal image it contained.

The final picture of this series was of Candi and Tonya together. Tonya was
standing behind a staunchly erect Candi with her hands around Candi's
minute waist as if holding her in place. In the picture Tonya was smiling
and trying to peek around Candi as if attempting to see her face, but only
able to view her profile. Candi on the other hand wasn't moving at all. In
fact, she was very intent on remaining upright, especially with those shiny
black boots she was forced to wear. Katherin looked upon the photo with
fond memories of how her and Tonya each laced Candi's lower legs into a
pair of knee high ballerina boots. They each took a boot and fastened one
of Candi's legs into it. She remembered how they would talk back and forth
to one another about all sorts of things, completely obvious to Candi's
agonizing condition. Casually threading and tightly the laces through the
eye holes as they proceeded up their corresponding legs until they were
finished. At that time they each took hold of Candi and helped her to stand
up on point. It was difficult at first. Candi wanted to bend her knees and
fall to the ground. But Tonya held her fast at the waist while Katherin
held Candi upright by her nipple rings. Soon Candi got the point and was
able to balance on her toes and pin point heals. That's when Katherin took
the picture she was gloating over right now.

Katherin spent some time looking over these last four photos before moving
on to the next. Another picture she loved looking at was Candi kneeing
erect on a small square padded dolly. One could not see from the picture,
but what kept Candi kneeing so straight was a pole from the center base of
the dolly extending up and into her crotch. It was an abbreviated version
of thing's perch. Instead of the ascetic full crescent shaped saddle, this
one had a small short piece of curved metal plate welded to the metal pole.
But it still had the two monstrous dildoes attached rigidly to it. After
the dildoes were worked into their corresponding slippery holes, a function
both women enjoyed immensely, but Candi didn't, Tonya pulled out a hidden
lever in the base of the stand. Like thing's perch, when it was pushed it
caused the pipe to expand upward. Tonya pumped it only a few strokes, just
enough for Candi's knees to barely rest on the padded base. Then two black
leather straps attached to the front of the plate were routed over Candi's
flaring hips and back down between the crack of her butt and buckled
tightly to another set of mated straps waiting for them on the other side
of the metal plate. This arrangement kept Candi's pelvic area firmly
planted in one unmovable spot while at the same time keeping her plugged to
fullest capacity.

Another strap was used to tighten around Candi's legs just above her knees
until the metal pole disappeared completely into the flesh of her tightly
squeezed together pink thighs. She used a second long strap to compress
Candi's lower legs into the back of her upper thighs and in the process
force the needle points of her heels into her tender pink butt checks.
Katherin remembered one final wide leather strap with four metal rings
dangling from it was wrapped around Candi's waist and the single glove
before being firmly buckled in front. This belt forced Candi's arms into
her back and kept them from thrashing about behind her. Katherin stared at
this picture for a long time. At this point, Candi was a completely taught,
solid, kneeling form, fully plugged in all three orifices, and ready for
shipping.

Katherin leaned back, closed her eyes and watched in her mind's eye how
much fun Tonya and her had playing with Candi like this. Katherin and Tonya
would be at opposite ends of a room and take turns pushing Candi back and
forth across her wooden floor on the wheels of the dolly. She wished she
had pictures or a video of how Candi, bound in silent immobility, flowed
across the floor on her roller skate like dolly. Sometimes they would even
spin Candi around in circles as she whooshed across the smooth wooden
floor. Tonya and her had so much fun at Candi's expense. It made her feel
like a kid again. Katherin was one of those people who was born with a
natural dominant streak running through her, as many a school friend would
sadly attest to.

Katherin remembered that time was getting short. So both woman wheeled
Candi into the open steamer trunk. There were clips and latches on the
dolly and in the base of the trunk so when once fastened and locked
together, the trunk, dolly and Candi were one solid unit. Four straps
hanging from the sides of the trunk were use with the corresponding four
rings on Candi's waist belt to further anchor her inside thus keeping her
from bouncing about when she was moved and jostled in transit. The picture
Katherin was looking at showed a bugged eyed Candi securely fasten inside a
very close fitting shipping trunk.

The next and final picture was of Candi in the trunk but with a couple of
added accessories. A tube ran from the center hole in her gag to a bag
filled with liquid hanging from the top side of the trunk. Since the trip
would take several hours and she didn't want her new possession to become
dehydrated, Katherin arranged for some liquid to slowly drip into the back
of Candi's throat. This liquid had a mild muscle relaxer added to it so
Candi would not suffer from any muscle cramps while on her journey. On
her head was a kind of head phone harness so soothing music as well as a
subliminal message would constantly be playing for her. A wire cable was
connected to the base of the dolly that activated the dildoes inside of
Candi's lower orifices. Their activation was done automatically by a simple
little electronic device inside the trunk or by a remote wireless module.
The dildoes were capable of vibrating, rotating and of producing a mild
electric shock, if deem necessary. The final addition was two small tear
shaped weights that hung from a short metal chain. The other ends of these
chains had a clip that was attached to Candi's nipple rings. The weights
were not there to simply cause her a lot of pain, but only to remind her of
something. Each time Candi was moved or jostled the pull of the weights on
her sensitive pierced nipples was to remind her that she was on her way to
new land, a new life style, and a new destiny as the lesbian bimbo slave
girl of Mistress Katherin. And above all else, was completely powerless to
do anything to prevent it.

Shortly after the addition of the nipple weights, the trunk lid was closed,
latched and locked. A sticker was placed on it saying "This End UP" and
"FRAGILE!  Handle With Care." Candi was all packed up and ready to be
shipped to California, just like Katherin promised her. All-be-it not quite
in the manner that her pet though she would be.

Katherin made sure she was always in eye sight of her special package. Many
times she would chuckle to herself as she watched bag handlers moving,
bumping and bouncing her black steamer trunk all about the place. She
wondered what such aggressive activity was doing to her poor pet's recently
ringed and weighted nipples. But Katherin was not a totally heartless
Mistress, as she saw herself. For during those trying times she took pity
on her slave and used her remote to give the dildoes a little extra
activity for poor Candi's sake. A little electric jolt can sure change
one's area of awareness quite quickly.

But now she was here on a corporate jet, sipping her cocktail and playing
footcy with her very special luggage. She looked out the plane's window as
her mind drifted to California and what she had planned for her new sex
doll there.

She would not take Candi straight home. Katherin had set up an appointment
with the doctor that Tonya used to make Cynthia into thing. Oh she was not
going to make such radical changes in Candi like Tonya did with Cynthia.
But she did want some modifications to suit her own personal taste.

To start, she wanted some enhancement to Candi's face. She wanted Candi's
eyes to be bigger, a kind of Doe eyed look, like a precious little brown
eyed puppy dog. It will make her look so much more like the empty air head
that went with her Candi persona. Next, her lips needed to be made bigger.
Katherin enjoyed the feel of Tonya's luscious full ripened lips on her own
sensuous body. Nothing gaudy though, just more voluptuous then they already
were.

Katherin also wanted Candi's tongue lengthen. She just loved how articulate
and talented thing's had become in orally pleasing her. And that is what
she wanted for Candi too. But there was a catch. She needed to talk with
the doctor about something. She didn't want Candi's tongue so long as to be
totally incapable of understandable speech like thing was. But she did want
to experience the pleasure of a long wet proboscis on her sensitive pussy
and "G" spot. Maybe the doctor could give her some advice on how to
proceed. If Candi's speech was to be effect maybe it could be limited
somehow. After all, Candi was a bimbo and slave now so she wouldn't have to
give long winded speeches or use multi-syllable words any more. In fact,
Katherin was going to make it a point to train Candi into using short
sentences of mostly single syllable words. She will have to play this part
by ear though as to how limited she wanted her bimbo slave girl's
vocabulary to become.

The next modification would be to Candi's breasts. Her "C" cup was nice,
but Katherin wanted more. The tight corsets did pump them up to an
impressive "D", but soon Candi's figure will not need such severe corseting
and her breasts will go back to the unacceptable "C" cup. Katherin knew she
wanted the good doctor to make them bigger. She was just undecided as to
whether to make them a "D" or "DD". She didn't want to go through all the
trouble of making them into a "DD" and later find out what she really
wanted all along was a simple "D". Maybe she could have the doctor first
inject Candi with the serum to make them into a "D" cup, then inject her
with a drug to force her to lactate into a "DD".

Then Katherin's evil mind hit on an insidious idea. An idea that will not
only give Candi the breast size Katherin desires. but add tremendously to
Candi's training in making her accept her new identity completely.

Katherin's idea was to turn Candi into a cow. A cow named Buttercup. While
the doctor is working on Candi's modification she could get things ready
for her pet's transformation into a dairy cow. Oh it won't be forever, just
a few days, maybe even a week or two tops. Just long enough until she fully
understands that she is no longer in control of her life, and no longer who
she was.

Katherin will have a cow suit made up for her. It will be made of spandex,
in white with big black splotches on it. She will have a special white and
black open face hood made up with big cow's ears on it. She knew some
people that could quickly make her a special collar for her sweet
Buttercup. It would be like those no barking dog collars. Each time she
tried to speak she would get a bad shock. The only sounds she would be able
to make would be like that of a cow, a mooing sound. She will even get her
a big cow bell to hang from her collar that will clang each time she moves
around on all fours. She will have special cow hoofs made for her hands
that can't be taken off except with a special key. On her feet will be
those ballerina knee high boots, also in the white and black color. Her
lower and upper legs will be bound together so she has to walk on her
padded knees. A butt plug will be placed in her bung hole with a cow's tail
hanging down from it.

Once she has Candi looking like a dairy cow, she will tell her if she
doesn't accept her role as Candi then she will become Buttercup forever.
And the temporary changes she made for her to look like a cow now will be
made permanent. The choice will be up to her. Her current condition would
be a test. The quicker she submits and responds as Buttercup, the quicker
she will go back to being Candi.

Katherin was squirming in her chair just thinking about how complete she
will make Candi's reality to that of being a cow. She will have a little
stable made for her with straw and such. She will feed her a sparing diet
of vegetables and grains. She will even exercise her on a tread mill to
make her body lean and hard. And she will force her to defecate like an
animal outside. When the lactation drug begins to work, she will milk her
like a cow. That ought to really drive Candi wild, seeing those special
mechanical milking cups sucking milk from her bovine utters each and every
day that Katherin decides to keep her as Buttercup. And to make it all the
more humiliating for her, and adding to her Candi persona, she will have
Buttercup's pussy stimulated each time she is milked. Soon she will be
trained to be sexually arousal and then to orgasm each time someone plays
with her tits or treats her as something less than human.

After she plateaus out as Buttercup she will finally give her a choice.
Remain forever as Buttercup, or become Mistress Katherin's Candi. Of course
she will want to be Candi, even if it means she must become my lesbian
bimbo sex slave for the rest of her life. Katherin reasoned that being a
partial human being would be far more rewarding for Candi than being a
stupid cow named Buttercup. And once Candi has made the right choice, then
she will have an obedient slave girl to mold. It will only be a matter of
time after that when the Candi persona becomes a complete and integrated
entity of her slave's entire existence.

Yes, Katherin though to herself. That's how she will do it. She will use
the carrot and stick method again, pain and pleasure. She will use
emotional and physical pain to direct Candi away from what she does NOT
want her pet to become. And she will use pleasure to focus and make her
slave become what she wants her TO become. She will have Candi so sexually
frustrated that she will perform or become anything Katherin wants just to
have an orgasm.

Then she will have her for good and all. She will have Candi associate
Mistress Katherin with pleasure. She will know by obeying Mistress
Katherin's orders and bringing her pleasure, Mistress Katherin will intern
bring pleasure to her too. At first it will be mutual and physical. Then
the scales will tilt greatly in favor of Katherin and it will no longer be
just physical. Candi will begin to love her Mistress and do for Katherin
whatever she desires. She will nurture Candi's lesbian desires, her bimbo
traits, and her total slave personality. Once Candi accepts Katherin as her
center focus for living with undying love, then her existence as "Beth"
will be no more to Candi as "Beth" is now to Katherin. Just like Cynthia is
no more to Tonya or thing. On that day Beth will cease to exits, and from
the ashes, like the great phoenix, will rise Candi. Candi, the lesbian
bimbo slave girl of Mistress Katherin.

Katherin closed her eyes and slowly feel to sleep. Her foot still up
against the black trunk. And inside the trunk was Candi. Bound, pierced,
plugged, hurting, sexually frustrated, liquid she could not stop dripping
down her throat and a message she could barely hear along with some music
repeating itself over and over and over again like a mantra.

"I am Candi, the lesbian bimbo slave girl of Mistress Katherin. I live to
serve and bring pleasure to my Mistress. I am a sex doll to dress as
Mistress likes and to bring to orgasm whomever she desires. I have no mind
of my own. I can not remember facts, figures or dates. I am a bimbo, an air
head, a pet and a slave. My tits, ass, pussy and mouth belong my Mistress.
And she can use them however she wants. I am a lesbian. I am a bimbo. I am
a slave. I am Candi. And Mistress Katherin is my owner."


                              - The End -
