Xander stared at it in amazement. A glory hole. He hadn't thought they were real, outside of cheesy porno films and maybe seedy bathhouses. But there was no doubt about what it was, and he couldn't tear his eyes away from it. Probably somebody's idea of a sick joke, never really intended to be used. Although if they'd wanted a shock value, he couldn't imagine why they'd put it in the third-floor bathroom of the old library. Xander had only found it after he'd spent an hour wandering through the seeming endless rows of books. He hadn't even needed a bathroom, really- just a quiet place to study and maybe take a little nap, but when he found this it seemed perfect and he'd settled himself on the floor with his books before he saw it. "Damn," he whispered, "I should've come to the library long ago." As it was, he hadn't thought to set foot inside it until midterms and his roommate's cloud of pot smoke collided, leaving him with an inability to study that threatened to cut his college career very short.

And cutting his college career short would be disastrous for his not-yet-started social life, which for too long had consisted of watching Queer as Folk and wondering how the fuck Justin was getting laid as much as he was when Xander's sex life consisted of his right hand and an array of cheap porno rags. Sunnydale High hadn't exactly been a haven for gay sex, even though the small handful of out students were overall accepted. Compared to some of the stories he'd heard, they'd had it pretty good. Xander had never been harassed beyond the usual name-calling and some shoving, but he was almost positive that had less to do with him being gay than with him being a geek.

He'd promised himself a fresh start at college and he'd delivered, with new clothes, new friends and a new haircut. He'd even gotten a new name, dorky Alex giving way to the much-cooler Xander. Everything was perfect, or should have been. But in the midst of his makeover he'd forgotten one thing: he was still the same old him inside. And after a semester and a half of gawking at cute boys who turned out to be either straight or unaware of the fact that he was alive, he was beginning to think he was doomed to die the only fully out virgin in history.

He shot a covert look at the glory hole, wondering if anybody had ever actually used it, and the thought of what using it meant got him hard. Rubbing himself lightly through his jeans, Xander tried to get his attention back on Early American Influences, 1600-1812, but he was finding it pretty hard to concentrate on the lost colony of Roanoke when all he really wanted to do was jack off. Then he thought, why not? He was in a bathroom, so it would be easy to get rid of the evidence and when he was done he'd be able to settle down and concentrate. Xander was just reaching for his zipper when he heard the door open and close, along with a pair of voices that made it very clear he wasn't alone anymore.

"C'mon, Angel. Nobody here but us an' we can make it quick."

"No, not here. Can't you just wait? It's not that long til-"

"Too long for me." There was silence, then an exasperated sigh. "All right, then. Gimme five minutes an' I'll be ready to go."

"Spike! You can't-"

"Why not? Sure as hell don't intend to spend the next two or three hours like this, pet."

A low groan that was echoed almost immediately by a second. "Ohh, that's not fair. Now I'll be thinking of you like that the rest of the day."

"Wait three minutes an' you'll be thinkin' of me another way." If he didn't know better Xander would've sworn he could hear a smirk in the guy's voice. The door next to his stall opened and then closed. There was a brief rustle of clothing being adjusted, and then a pause. He could tell the man had noticed the hole in the wall when he heard a muttered, "What's this, then?"

Two fingers traced the edge of the hole, the tips slipping inside as the other man investigated. Xander didn't think-he just leaned forward and closed his mouth around them. He could hear a gasp, but the fingers weren't immediately pulled away, so he started to lick and suck, swirling his tongue over skin that tasted like tobacco and... hair gel? But it wasn't an unpleasant combination, so he kept going even as the fingers began to move, pumping in and out, slowly fucking his mouth in a parody of what he'd spent the last several years fantasizing about.

When the fingers were finally withdrawn, he had to fight the urge to follow them, but instead there was the sound of a zipper going down, and while Xander watched eagerly, a hard cock slowly slid through the glory hole. He stared in fascination- it seemed so much bigger than he'd always thought, although that might be due to the lack of a body to give it perspective. One hand reached out, tracing along the length before tentatively wrapping around the base and squeezing. So different from touching himself, familiar and alien and incredibly arousing to boot. A husky voice whispered through the wall, "Give us a blow, then."

Books scattered as Xander scrambled up to his knees in seconds. He wasn't about to miss this! Bending his head, his tongue slid out to take a long lick from the base to the tip, where a drop of precome gleamed in a tangible reward for his first effort. He caught it on the tip of his tongue, holding still for a second to really savor the new sensation. It was slick, heavy and syrupy, and he wanted more. Opening his mouth, the boy took a cock inside for the first time, the moan from the other side sending a thrill straight through him. He was turning someone on!

He didn't go too far down, just past the head and then retreated, returning several times before he paused. A curious tongue explored the tip, dipping down into the little slit there to earn a gasp that sent shivers down his spine and got him more slick precome. He spread it around with his tongue until the entire head was coated in it, then backed off to look. The cock was shiny with precome and his saliva, and looked even more mouth-watering. He could see how tight the skin was drawn and he stroked his fingers down again, disappointed when they hit the wall instead of being able to cup balls and play with them like he wanted to.

But there was too much that he could do to waste time thinking too much about what he couldn't. Xander took the cock in his mouth again, circling his tongue around it before descending. He went down further, until he gagged and drew back quickly. Okay, so deep throating on the first time was definitely a pornos-only experience. He started concentrating on what he knew he could take, moving up and down and then pausing to lick, all of it leading to a series of gasps and moans from the other side.

He was working on sucking on the head like a lollipop, when it slid free and retreated. He followed, opening his mouth when it moved back, then whined when it moved again before he realized what it meant. The other guy wanted to fuck his mouth! The brunet moaned and opened up, feeling the cock slide over his tongue. The strokes started slow, almost like a dance, but soon enough they were coming faster, and he was following them further until he had almost all of the cock in his mouth. He tried moving along with the rhythm, and something must've worked because he heard a hand slam against the wall.

The boy sucked hard on the next slide, like he was trying to drink one of those really good, thick milkshakes. Apparently all those shakes had been good exercise, because the next thing he heard was, "Ohhhh fuck yeah!" The low growl echoed against the tiles and Xander tasted another man's come for the first time. It was bitter, heavy and salty, like he'd been knocked under by a wave at the beach and gotten a mouthful of the ocean by mistake. But this was better, and it went down easier, at least what he was able to hold did. He waited until the jerking and shooting had stopped, then swallowed the last mouthful, kissing the tip of the cock before it was pulled back through the hole.

Once the cock was gone, Xander sat back on his heels, his cheeks flushed with satisfaction, his eyes bright with lust. Christ, that had been hot! He kneaded the hard lump of his dick in his jeans, closing his eyes as he pictured that hard cock coming through the glory hole again. The dampening denim under his hand warned him that he needed to take action if he was going to avoid coming in his jeans, even as a small dirty part of him wanted to let go and do just that.

"C'mere, pet, got somethin' to show ya." Fuck, was he inviting someone else in there? Xander leaned forward, ducking his head a little so he could see into the next stall.

"I know what you've got to show me. I see it all the time, don't I?" But the door opened and a man stepped inside. It was too dim to get a good look, but he could see the one was tall and dark and the other shorter, with white-blond hair that could in no way be considered natural.

"Trust me, pet, worth the chance this is." The blond grabbed the brunet and pulled his head down, lips fastening onto his lover's in a hard kiss. It was the first time Xander had been this close to two men kissing, and the eroticism of it wasn't lost on him.

The blond's hand slid down the taller man's chest until it delved below the waist, rubbing and stroking until the brunet tore himself away and gasped, "Shit, are you trying to kill me? First I gotta listen to you jack off and now you want me hard enough to hammer nails when I go to class?"

"Don't have to go unsatisfied, luv."

"I already told you, I'm not-" He was silenced with another kiss and more stroking, while the blond's other hand appeared to be moving down his shirt, flicking buttons open.

Xander's mouth went dry. Were they actually going to fuck right here, less than two feet away from him? His dick throbbed at the thought and he whimpered softly. Instantly the men broke apart and he could see the dark head turn towards the separating wall.

"Bloody good little cocksucker he is, too."

"I can't just-"

"Don't wanna walk around like that 'til five, do you?" The tall man's groan was answer enough, and there was the rasp of a zipper again, followed by the rustle of cloth being peeled away from skin. "Slide it on in there."

Angel reached down to stroke himself, only to whine when his hand was slapped away. His gaze flicked between the glory hole and Spike, the intractable look in the blue eyes telling him that the hole was the only way he was getting any relief. He swallowed and nodded, carefully fitting his head to the hole and pressing forward with a slow flex of his hips. A warm mouth surrounded him before he was even all the way through, a tongue flicking over the tip of his dick as if to welcome him in.

Spike slid around behind him, hands stroking over his bare chest. "Relax," he whispered. "Just let yourself feel it." Angel let the smaller man take some of his weight, closing his eyes to better savor the way that tongue was playing over him, circling the head of his cock before stroking over his slit to get the precome that was oozing out in a slow stream. He groaned when warm, wet suction began to move up and down his shaft, going almost all the way down before retreating. Fuck, Spike hadn't been kidding about this guy! It was so hot, someone who wasn't Spike blowing him while his lover held him, and Angel could tell the blond wasn't unaffected. He could feel the hard press of his cock against his ass and his hands rose to brace himself against the wall while he fought the urge to just fuck the mouth that was taking him in. He wasn't going to last that long as it was.

Spike humped against Angel's ass, driving the other man forward into the anonymous mouth. His hands slid from hips to chest, fingers seeking out the hard nubs of tightly drawn nipples, and he began to tease them with little twists and plucks. "God, you have no idea how badly I wanna fuck you right now," he hissed. "Wanna slide inside you an' just hammer you hard as I can."

Angel tossed his head and moaned, caught between the hard pressure of Spike against his back, the wall in front of him and the mouth that surrounded his prick.

"Gonna do it, too. Right after your last class finishes up. Take you home, strip you an' shove you down on the carpet, won't even make it to the bed the first time. Fuck, might not even wait for you to strip, just make you shove 'em down an' get on all fours. Want that, pet? Want me so fucking hard for you that I can't wait to have you, hmm?"

"Fuck, yeah."

"Make you take two fingers right off, just shove the lube in cause if I don't get inside right away I'm gonna burst an' then shove my cock in all at once. Fuck you hard, put your head down an' ride you hard. Turn you into my little fuck toy, use you til I get off an' then take you into the bedroom an' tease you til you beg me to fuck you again an' let you come... Christ, Angel, want you so much."

"Take me then," the other man gasped, pushing back against the blond and grinding his hips. "Fuck me while he sucks me off so I walk around with your come in my boxers for the rest of the day."

"Ohhh shit, pet! Nearly had me with that, you did." There was the snick of a cap being unsnapped and through the bottom of the stall Xander could see black boots kick sneakered feet apart with a rough motion. He heard the clink of a buckle unfastening and saw blue jeans slide down the tall man's legs.

Spike crouched down on the floor, stabbed two lubed fingers up into Angel to prepare his lover, glad they'd fucked this morning since it meant the brunette was still slightly loose. He spread the lube as quickly as he could, then stood up and lined his cock up with the tiny hole. One shove forward sent Angel's big body slamming into the wall and he heard a groan from the other side since it meant the boy there had gotten the full length.

Xander felt the blond's first thrust as though it was into his own body, and he swiped his tongue over the mushroom head as the brunet pulled back. He'd never even dreamt of anything this hot, and the knowledge that he was really sucking cock, soon to receive his second load of come, and that while he was doing this the guy he was sucking was getting fucked, was almost too much for him. His hands fumbled with his jeans and somehow he managed to get his dick out, although he didn't stroke yet, just held and squeezed. As worked up as he was from sucking first the blond and now the brunet, one stroke would make him come.

A low grunt then a soft moan from the other side made him revise that thought and wonder if he'd even need one stroke. God, what he wouldn't give to be the brunet right now! He sucked harder, cheeks hollowing with the effort, and was rewarded with a steady flow of precome. The cock in his mouth began to move as Angel picked up the rhythm, fucking his mouth with short, hard strokes.

Angel clutched at the dividing wall, hunching against it while Spike fucked him hard, cock slamming against his prostate until it was becoming almost painful not to come. "Unh, God... need to come... fuck, Spike, PLEASE!"

"Not yet, pet," Spike forced out through gritted teeth. "Hang on for me, ride it out, just a little... fuck! Little longer, luv."

Angel whined low in his throat, a sound that was barely human. "Wanna come, need it, need it soooo bad," he babbled, feeling like he was burning up from the inside out. He could almost track his orgasm as it crawled up his legs and tightened his balls to the consistency of walnuts. "Ohhhh Christ, gotta come, lemme come, please, Spike pleasepleaseplease."

Xander realized all at once that the brunet wasn't just talking, he was actually asking permission to come! He must be the blond's sub if he needed an okay, and with that thought, the kink meter just shot through the roof. His hand tightened around the base of his dick, desperately trying to hold back from coming, wanting to taste the dark-haired man before he gave in.

"Ohhhh shit, yeah, so fucking tight an' hot... fuck, gonna come. Come for me, baby, come on, lemme feel it...."

Angel grunted, the low, harsh sound the only one he could make as his entire body tightened. He shot several spurts of come into the waiting mouth, distantly hearing Spike's load moans when his cock was squeezed tight. Two more hard thrusts that battered his body against the wall and he felt the hot splash of Spike coming inside him. His own cock twitched and shot another small spurt that was eagerly swallowed.

Xander took everything the brunet had to give, then licked his cock clean. On the last lick, he gave his own dick one hard pump, and that was all he needed. He groaned as he shot what felt like the largest load of his life all over the dividing wall. Christ, it seemed like he came forever! When he finally came down, fist slowly working his softening cock until it was covered in his own come, the restroom was empty and a paper was stuck in the glory hole.

He swallowed and tucked himself away, deciding to leave the sticky residue on his skin as a dirty little tribute to what had just happened. Without thinking about it, he raised his hand and licked some of the come from his fingers, curious to see if he tasted different than the other two men had. He did, a little bit, although the strong tangy flavor was very similar.

Reaching for the paper, he unfolded it and nearly came again in his pants when he read the words scrawled there: 1435 Crawford. Six o'clock. Come ready to get fucked.