Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0©

Webslut Madison Ch. 18

Madison really had a rough couple of weeks to begin her August. She continued to force herself to be nude inside her apartment; her roommate was almost never there. She seemed to vacillate between crying softly to herself, ashamed of what she had done, and fucking herself senseless. Every day, it seemed that she would wake up, realize she was even more exposed than the day before, fuck herself, and then cry herself to sleep. She would sleep into the afternoon, wake up, think about trying to change- trying to take down all the content and get her reposters to do the same.

Then she would be stricken by anxiety and decide to go for a run. She'd put on something skimpy and run around for a half hour or so, come back to her apartment and convince herself it might not be so bad, that maybe nobody would ever really find her. She would eat dinner and jump on the computer and give some random guy - or group of guys - a webcam show, writing on her body and humiliating herself for them until she exhausted herself again. She'd take a shower and softly cry herself to sleep again.

And then she'd do it all over. Some days she worked and that helped to break the cycle, but half the time she felt like she was a dead girl walking. She became unusually frisky. At work, she constantly tried to get Shawn to fuck her - and succeeded a couple of times - and Hannah too. Hannah was acting a little strange around her, though. One day she even asked her if something was wrong, but Hannah just brushed her off. Madison secretly wondered if Hannah had found something of hers online.

Finally, it was time for school to start again. Madison was relieved. The summer had dragged on, and she was eager to get back into the routine of class and schoolwork and out of her cycle of masturbating, sleeping, and crying. As time went on, she cried less. It was almost like she had become a little numb to who she had become and how exposed she was, or maybe she had just learned to accept it. It just didn't seem to touch the same nerve.

Then, the Saturday before classes were supposed to start, she got a text. It was Dan.

"Hey there, you back in town?" He asked.

"I never really left," she replied.

"Awesome. Want to meet up?"

"I don't know," she replied.

"Are you busy?" He asked.

"No," she wrote back.

"Then meet me at my apartment in an hour. Wear something sexy. Or the whole class finds out all about how much of a nasty little slut you are."

"Damn," thought Madison. "He really picked up right where he left off, didn't he?" She chuckled a little to herself, wondering if half the class already had seen her naked and exposed and begging to be ruined. "Ohhh, fuck," she said as she realized she'd be going to class on Monday with a lump in her throat, not knowing which of her classmates or professors might have bumped into her videos online.

"Dan doesn't even know how much of a nasty little slut I am," she thought as she chuckled again. "Or...does he?" She took a deep breath and exhaled, thinking that Dan would never let her have a moment's peace if he knew - and she'd be his plaything for the whole year.

"Okay, see you in an hour," she replied.

Madison quickly set about making preparations for her evening. She knew Dan was going to want and expect sex, that much was a given, and she was determined not to disappoint him. She stated her makeup, applying smoky eye shadow, and then went to her closet to pick out something to wear.

"Wear something sexy," she thought. The message from Dan rang in her mind over and over. What he really meant, she knew, was that he expected her to dress like a slut. Simply dressing in a way that most guys would find "sexy" was not going to cut it.

The first thing she thought of was a top which she had recently purchased on her last day at we summer job - when she had turned her badge in with her online blackmailer's permission. It was on clearance, as the store was getting rid of its summer stock, and she used her employee discount to boot. It was orange, knit, cropped just a few inches under her breasts, low cut, and had built-in padding so it could be worn comfortably without a bra. It had thin straps holding it up at the shoulders, and the back was nothing but four thin straps - two crossing the top of her back in an "x" pattern, one crossing her back horizontally where the claps of an ordinary bra would be, and another horizontal one a little lower, which was a continuation of the bottom hem of front of the top but, as the top was cropped rather short, crossed her mid-back at her natural waist.

"I hope this is sexy enough," she said. She put it on and looked at herself. She was already getting aroused. "This is going to be my life soon," she thought. "About three more months and my closet is basically going to be half shirts and mini skirts. Unless I chicken out, that is."

She slapped her face. It was something she did on an almost daily basis now, and it made her instantly aroused. "Find a skirt, you dumb slut," she said aloud to herself. "And don't even think about wearing panties."

The skirt she chose was, likewise, a recent purchase. It was a little pinstripe skirt with a slit up the right side revealing her entire thigh. "Damn," she thought once she had it on. "Anyone could reach right through the slit and feel my pussy." It rested high on her thigh and about three inches below her navel - although in recent years high waisted skirts and shorts seemed to be in fashion, lately Madison still liked to go for the lower-waisted or mid-rise options because she felt that her pierced bellybutton should always be on display, although she secretly hoped the lower-rise options would come back into fashion soon.

She put on a pair of black leather ankle boots with metal zippers. For some reason, although they weren't as high as stilettos, she felt like there was something about thee boots that secretly gave away the fact that she was a complete slut.

"Should I wear a jacket?" She wondered. She thought about the leather jacket she had worn last time she saw Dan. "No, you dumb whore!" She said, slapping her face again. "It's fucking August! It's not like you're going to get cold!"

Madison looked in the mirror. "Pfft. Jacket," she muttered. "You'd do anything to convince yourself to cover up a little, wouldn't you? Don't you remember how many people have seen you naked?!" It was true - her most popular video online by now had over seventy thousand views.

She decided she needed to do one more thing to prepare - she grabbed a candy apple red lip gloss and applied it expertly. She couldn't help but glance down at her cleavage as she stood, bending slightly forward, looking at her reflection on her full-length mirror.

"Are you ready to go get yourself destroyed, you little slut?" She asked herself.

"Yes, mistress," she told herself seductively. Having had a lot of time to herself lately, she had become accustomed to playing the part of her own mistress as an alter ego, forcing her submissive side to plumb the depths of her sexual depravity, and this situation was no different. I've already been ruined for you, now I'm ready to get destroyed. I want to go get wrecked!"

Madison winked at her reflection, grabbed a small pocketbook, and raced out the door. She didn't so much as notice anyone staring her down, looking at her like a sizzling steak as she walked toward Dan's apartment. Truth be told, there were more people out than normal - lots of college students hitting the parties on the weekend before classes started, as one would expect - but Madison didn't have time to get caught up in any extracurriculars with them - she was on a mission. A few short minutes later, Madison took a deep breath, exhaled, and knocked on the door.

"Hi, Dan!" She said excitedly as he opened the door. She extended her arms and gave him a hug like long lost friends who hadn't seen each other often enough lately. As she did, looking over his shoulder, she saw not four, not six, but eight guys gathered around the living room. And what she quickly noticed was that, if she hadn't been ogled enough on her walk over to the apartment, well, she certainly was now. The guys were looking at her like aquarium sharks at feeding time.

"How have you been?" She asked Dan politely but a little nervously as they ended their hug. She looked around the room, wondering who these guys were and - perhaps more importantly - why they were ogling her so.

"Shit, what is this?" She wondered. "What is he - what are they planning to - fuck, I wasn't ready for -"

Her thought was interrupted as Dan began to speak.

"Madison, I'd like to introduce you to my friends. Don't worry, none of them go to school here or anything. We all graduated high school together four years ago. They came down to visit so, you know - I figured we could all hang out for the night."

"Oh, sure," she said, blushing. "Hi, Dan's friends!" She said to the room, putting on her best dumb bimbo act. As she spoke, Dan reached behind her and coyly reached up her skirt, grabbing her ass. Her heart was pounding - she expected they were going to be alone. Why did he care how she dressed if he had eight friends over? She had to know, so she leaned in and whispered into his ear.

"So why did I have to dress sexy for this?" She asked.

"Just relax. And don't do anything stupid. You know I could really humiliate you in front of the whole school if you don't follow orders."

This did not help Madison's nervousness much. In fact, it made her even more nervous as she wondered what sort of orders he was referring to.

"Okay, listen up everyone!" Dan announced. "Madison, step forward. Guys, just watch. Isn't she just the sexiest fucking thing? Always dresses like this too. But anyway. Madison, you see - she's a special kind of girl. She craves humiliation, and embarrassment really. Isn't that right, Madison?"

"Ummm, Dan? What's going on here?" She asked, puzzled.

"Just tell them. Tell them you're a slut and you like to be humiliated, that's all."

Madison turned beet red. She looked at the floor. She felt so ashamed, so used. There she was, in her revealing attire, being told to reveal her innermost secrets to a room full of complete strangers. As her face flushed, though, her pussy began to tingle, and she couldn't help herself.

"Umm, I - yeah, Dan's right, I'm kind of a slut - and I do like to be - you know - humiliated. Okay, are we done here?"

"Oh, no. Not at all. See, I thought you'd enjoy putting on a little show, if you will." Dan approached her, standing close. "I know how wet you get when you're forced to show off that body of yours," he said. He reached out, touching Madison's exposed stomach. "So why don't you lift up your top and show them all your tits?"

"Dan, I -"

"Now, Madison. They came all the way here to see you. And you wouldn't want to disappoint them, would you?"

Madison shook her head. She smiled and put on her best bimbo act again. Slowly, she reached for the bottom of her top, raising it up to reveal her perfectly-formed breasts. The guys smiled with delight.

"Now you want to know why I brought you here?" Dan asked.

"Y-yes," Madison replied nervously. Instinctually, she began to pull her top down, but Dan caught her and took it forcefully in his hands, pulling it up to her chin.

"Did I tell you to cover up?!" He said sternly.

"N-no, I'm sorry!" She wailed. He had one hand on her ass and the other on her top, which she held with both hands.

"Take it off. All the way. Now!"

Madison flushed again. "Right here?" She asked meekly.

"Yes. You see," he began as Madison reluctantly removed the garment. "This is what you're doing tonight. You'll be on display, fully nude, at the center of the room. You'll be posed with your hands clasped behind your head. And your tits, your pussy, your ass - anyone here can feel you whenever they like. No fucking, but groping is encouraged. And you'll offer your body to everyone in that manner until I say otherwise. Got it?"

"Dan, I - this is so -"

"Humiliating?" He said, finishing her sentence.

"Yes, Dan, please, I feel like such a slut being topless already, isn't this enough? Please, Dan, don't make me do this! I - this - I don't want to - please?"

Dan reached out, lifting up her skirt, exposing her bare pussy. "Oh really? You don't want this? Then why are you so wet?"

"Because, I - I don't know!" Madison said, reluctant to reveal her inner thoughts. Truthfully, the idea of standing in front of this group of guys, being their eye candy and grope doll for the night was really exciting to her. But she was ashamed to even admit it, and even more ashamed to be acting like such a slut.

"Wait, did you say your name was Madison?" One of the guys asked. Madison's head spun around on a swivel and looked at him, her hands instinctively covering her breasts. She was floored. Could it be - could this be one of her 'fans' online? She wondered to herself.

"Yeah, Madison," she replied. She looked at him and he looked at her, but he didn't say anything more.

"Oh, fuck!" She thought. "Fuck, if they all find out...oh, God!" She really felt like a whore now, as if she hadn't before. Quickly, Dan returned her attention to the moment, though.

"Get your hands off your tits," he said. "We've all seen them already. Come on." Madison sighed and removed her hands from her breasts and placed them at her sides.

"Okay. Now off with the skirt. Stand here. Middle of the room. And hands behind your head. Turn and face us."

"Dan, I - please, I mean - I thought - I can't believe I'm saying this in front of everybody, but when you said to dress sexy I thought you wanted to fuck me, not make me strip in front of a bunch of guys, I mean -"

"Okay, fine. Have it your way. But come Monday, you're going to regret it."

"Okay, Dan - is there -"

"You told me you wanted me to show you off, didn't you?" Dan reached under her skirt again. He instantly recognized that the slut was feigning innocence, that she was immensely aroused by the events that were unfolding.

"Well, ohhhhh, yeah, but I - I mean -"

"Then take off the skirt."

Madison sighed. She was getting terribly aroused and she wasn't sure how long she could keep this up.

"Ohhhh, ohh, O-Kay," she said, her voice shaking as Dan slowly inserted a finger into her willing, wet, greedy pussy. She slowly pulled down her skirt, revealing her bare ass and bald pussy to everyone in the room.

"No panties!" Said one of the guys. "Damn, you said she was a slut, but holy shit!" The guys laughed. Madison flushed again, realizing that this had been a set up.

"Oh, fuck, he told them all I'm a slut!" She thought. "How humiliating! Oh, God, why did I have to go and turn into such a whore!" Her mind drifted away. She thought of when she first arrived at college, a cute, sexy but innocent and inexperienced eighteen year old girl with a bright future ahead of her and big dreams. Now her dreams were of being humiliated, exposed, used and fucked. "How did I get so fucked up?" She thought. "This is where my secret porn watching has led me?"

"Arms clasped begins your head, slut!" Dan ordered. "You can leave the shoes on."

"Oh, thanks," she said sarcastically as she clasped her hands behind her head as ordered. "Like that's going to help."

"Help you look like a slut? Yes, they do a very good job of that!" Dan remarked. The guys shared a laugh again.

"Doesn't she look so slutty, standing there, exposing her body for you? This is the girl that came to class in a half T-shirt with 'slut' written on her body. This is the girl who snuck away from a graduation dinner with her parents to suck my dick in the bathroom. So yeah, she's a slut. Look at her! Touch her all over. Talk dirty to her, she likes it. Tell her she's a slut, she gets off on that shit."

Madison stared at the floor. Her eyes began to tear up again. She really felt like a piece of meat, being displayed like that for the amusement of - of all people - strangers! It all the sudden made the experience of being exposed online that much more real.

All of the sudden, a short, chubby red headed guy was directly in front of her, staring at her tits, smiling. Slowly, he reached his hand toward her right breast, but Madison didn't move.

"What a - he's - I wouldn't fuck him in a million - oh, God, he's - he's so nasty and he's touching my tit! Oh, fuck, this is so - he's repulsive, fuck, leave me alone!" She thought. She shuddered as he reached out and caressed her nipple. As gross as she felt for letting him, well, feel her up, her nipple stood at attention. It was all Madison could do not to burst into tears.

"Enjoying the show? Or should I say, show and feel?" Dan asked him, laughing, as he approached.

"Hell yeah," said the redhead.

"Go on," said Dan. "Degrade her. She likes it, you know. Make her feel like the slut she is."

"You're a slut," said the guy, in a dorky sort of way, as he ran his hand down her stomach.

"Oh, come on, say it like you mean it!" Dan said, egging him on. "Here, watch me."

Dan stepped up in front of Madison. He grabbed her chin with one hand and her left breast in the other.

"Tell me what you are!" He said.

"I'm Madison," she said.

Whack! All of the sudden Dan's hand whooshed through the air and landed heavily on Madison's left cheek. The entire room turned and looked.

"Ohhh!" She cried out. "I - I mean - I'm Madison and I'm a filthy little slut!" She stared at the floor as a tear ran down her cheek.

"Admit it, you fucking love it when I abuse you. Show you off. Degrade you. Don't you, you fucking nasty cunt?" The whole room stared as Madison closed her eyes, face cast down, unable to wipe the tear off her cheek.

"Dan, please?" She whimpered.

WHACK! SMACK! Dan's hand flew through the air and he landed another slap perfectly on the other side of her face, and a second one on her left breast.

"Oomph!" Madison cried out. Tears streamed down her face. She still stood there, her hands behind her head, completely humiliated.

"Tell me how much you love it - how much you need this!" He taunted.

Madison sniffled. "I'm a fucking whore and I need to be slapped and abused," she said in a voice that gave away the fact that she was ready to burst into uncontrollable wailing at any moment.

"And shown off and humiliated?" He went on. Dan slapped her thigh and she spread her legs, and he shoved two fingers up her now-dripping pussy.

"Ohhh, yes, and - and shown off and humiliated!"

"This fucking gets you off, doesn't it, you dirty little slut?" He slapped her pussy this time, causing her to jump a little.

"Ohhh! Oh, yes, yes, ohhh, it gets me off!"

"Admit it, you like it when I make you cry. Don't you? You like it when I make you cry for an audience. It makes you so fucking wet doesn't it?"

She didn't answer. He reared back and gave her face one more good, hard thump.

"Doesn't it?!" He demanded. Tears streamed down her cheek, she began to cry out uncontrollably. God, she had never been so humiliated and debased in her life - not even when she found out the extent of her online exposure! Here she was, forced to come in to a room full of complete strangers, strip down within seconds of being introduced to them, and moments later allow herself to be literally humiliated and slapped to tears and exposed - and she was dripping wet! She was loving every second! She couldn't believe herself!

"Y-yes, yes! Ohh, I - (sniffle) I love it! (Sniffle) I love the way you make me cry!" She sniffled again and looked at him, her face cast down but her eyes looking up at him submissively. "Thank you," she said. "Please - please use me some more."

"And that's how you do it," Dan said, turning away.

Madison bit her lip as she felt a hand grabbing at her right breast. She didn't even really know whose hand it was, nor did she really care. It felt so good to her, standing nude in a room full of men, being ogled and objectified. "Ohhh," she let out a soft moan.

The chubby red headed guy hadn't gone anywhere, either. "So, you like being called a slut?" He asked her.

"Mhmm, yes," she answered, casting her eyes at the floor.

"Good. You're a slut for standing here, getting slapped a around, getting felt up. Do you feel like a slut?"

"Y-Yes," she answered, her voice trembling.

"Good. I want to hear you admit what you are."

"I - I'm a slut," she said, half-whimpering. All of the sudden she felt more hands - a hand on her left ass cheek, then her right. Then her ass was pried apart as if her asshole was being inspected. She just stood there, completely debased, hands still behind her head, allowing it to continue.

The redhead slapped her face. "Is that what you want, Madison? Do you like that?"

"I love it," she said. Her legs began to tremble as she felt a finger teasing her anal opening, and the gentle caress of her right breast became a painful twisting sensation.

"Does this turn you on?" The redhead asked as he slapped her again.

Madison bit her lip. "Mmmhmmm," she said as she began to breathe heavily. "It - it feels so - so good!" She whispered.

"Yeah, the slut gets off on being exposed, on feeling like a slut, on - really, on being humiliated," Dan interjected.

"Ohhhh-ohhhh!" Madison groaned in pain as someone clenched her whole left breast in his hand and squeezed hard.

"Someone - Just - fucking hit me," she begged. "Use me! Finger me! Make me feel like a whore! Please?"

As she stood there submissively, the guys started taking turns groping her, touching her tits, grabbing them, pinching her nipples. She closed her eyes, not even caring who it was, she was so aroused. She squirmed as her left breast was slapped, then her right. Then, all of the sudden, she felt a finger slip into her warm, waiting slit. "Ohhhh, yes!" She moaned.

"Tell me what turns you on," a voice told her. She wasn't even sure whose it was. As the fingers slid in and out of her pussy, her legs began to quiver more violently and her moaning became more audible. She spread her feet farther apart on the floor, opening her legs, accepting the fingering greedily.

"Ohhh, I - this, this turns me on!" She half-moaned.

"What about it?"

"It's so - so humiliating, ohhhh! I feel like such a slut!"

"You are a slut!" Another voice said.

"Here," said Dan, holding out a marker. "I think we should mark her up, what do you guys think? Don't worry, she likes that too."

"Is there anything she doesn't like?" One of the guys asked. He took the marker and quickly scrawled out "SLUT" in large letters on her stomach.

Guys were now taking turns groping her tits, squeezing her ass, fingering her. Someone shoved their fingers into her mouth, stained in her juices. She opened and sucked. "Mmmmm," she moaned, eyes closed. She then felt the stinging slap of another hand across her face.

Another guy grabbed the marker. "Humiliate me" he wrote across her chest. Soon, as they fondled and groped her, guys were writing even more on her. When she looked down, she had "grope me" written just above her cunt, "slap my face" on one side, and "abuse me" on the other.

"Do you like it?" One of the guys asked.

"Ohhhh, I love it, thank you!" She moaned.

"Ohhhh, yes! Strip me, show me off! Feel me up, finger me! Use me! Ohhhh, yes! Don't stop, don't stop! God I'm such a slut, humiliate me! Ohhh!" She was getting very aroused, leaning forward, leaning into the new set of fingers now thrusting inside her.

"Ohhh, somebody finger my ass! Please!" She moaned. "Slap me, pull my nipples!"

"You like a finger up your ass, slut?" A guy asked as he slid a finger inside.

"Ohhh - yes! I love it! I need more! I need three fingers in my ass please, ohhhh I'm such a nasty little slut!" Her request was soon granted.

The chubby red headed guy stepped up in front of her. Placing his palm under her chin, he shoved three fingers of his left hand in her mouth and began to slap her face.

"Ohh! Mmmmpf! Hit me again! Hit me harder! Make me cry like the nasty fucking whore I am!" He squeezed her chin tight and gave her a hard slap to her left cheek.

"Ohhmf!" She cried out. He hit her again and tears began to roll down her cheek. Her legs began to shake as she was struck again and the three fingers in her ass were shoved farther inside.

"I think the little slut likes it!" One guy said.

"Yeah I can't believe she actually gets off to this. What a fucking whore!"

"You like it, don't you, slut? You get off to being treated like shit, don't you?" Thy e redhead chimed in.

"Ohhhh! Fuck, treat me like fucking shitttt!" Madison cried out. Her legs trembled especially bad, she could barely hold up her weight. She closed her eyes as she was slapped again and cried out. Tears rolled down her cheeks, only adding to her sense of the impact to her face.

"Mmmm! Mmmhmmm! Ohhh I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" She cried out.

Her legs began to shake uncontrollably and she fell to her knees, the fingers in her ass and pussy slipping out as she did so. Someone slapped her face again. She opened her eyes and looked around at the group of guys and swallowed the saliva that had pooled in her mouth.

"Come on, slut," Dan said finally. He grabbed her arm and pulled her to her feet. "All right, guys, show's over for a while." Madison didn't even notice the look on their faces as Dan grabbed her arm harshly and pulled her toward his bedroom.

"You nasty filthy skank whore!" Dan practically shouted at her as he closed the door. "I can't believe you actually fucking enjoyed that!"

"M-me either," Madison said nervously.

"Fucking slut," he said. He pulled her close and kissed her passionately. She wrapped his arms around him, returning the gesture, gripping him tight.

Suddenly, he pushed her onto the bed and ripped off his shirt. "Now I'm going to fuck you," he announced. "Fuck you like a cheap nasty whore. Is that what you want?"

"Mmmm, Dan, I want - you know, you could have just fucked me out there," she teased.

"Do you honestly think I don't know that?" He said, laughing. He pulled down his pants and boxer shorts and peeled them off with his socks. "I'm surprised you didn't beg them all to take turns on you!"

"Mmmmm," Madison moaned in delight. Truthfully, she had thought about it - but for some reason she was able to resist. Perhaps it was the way she was humiliated; it had been more than enough to get her going.

Dan stood before her, clothes off, and looked at her for a moment before climbing into the bed. He teased her with his hard cock, gliding it over the entrance to her pussy before thrusting it in.

"Ohhhh, Dan, yes, fuck me!" She moaned.

"You dirty little fucking slut!" He moaned back. "You like the way those guys used you, don't you?"

"Ohhhh fuck, Dan, I'm nothing but a filthy slut! I loved it, ohhh! The way you show me off, expose me, ohhhh!" Dan reaches for her neck, gripping it with both hands, squeezing as Madison wrapped her arms around his forearms.

"You wanted them all to fuck you, didn't you?" He growled. He began to thrust his cock inside her faster, harder.

"Ohhh! Fuck! Yes! Ohhh, I - I wanted them to just - to - ohhh! To fucking pass me around! Fuck me! Dan, fuck my dirty little slut pussy!"

"You know you're going to be walking home with SLUT written across your belly for everyone to see? Can't hide it this time, slut!"

"Fuck! Yes! Dan, I want them all to see! I want them all to know!"

"Fuck, you're a piece of trash, Madison!" Unbearably aroused by this, she arched her back and offered her pussy up to him. She began to fantasize again, as she had months before, when she was transported to a sort of alternate dreamland where there were no consequences and no regrets.

In her dream, she was begging for more. "Show the whole school, Dan! Please show them all what a nasty little bitch I am! Make me write on my body and show it off on purpose! Make me flash my tits and pussy in class! Ohhhhh, get the whole class to just fuck me, humiliate me! Ruin my reputation! Destroy me!"

Dan slapped her face suddenly, bringing her back to reality. "You love being shown off, exposed, don't you, slut?"

"Yes! Yes! YES!" She begged. And it was at that moment she began to get so aroused she lost control, and the lines between her dreamland and reality began to blur.

"I want to be exposed all over school!" She moaned.

"Ohhhhh I know slut, don't worry! I'll show you off to everyone!"

"Ohhh! Fuck, fuck yes!"

"I'll make sure the whole class sees you half naked with "slut" written on your body. Would you like that, slut?" He began to really pound her now, grabbing her hands and holding them against the bed over her head.

"Fuck, yes! Mmmmm!" Madison moaned.

"Tell me something slut, you nasty dirty whore!"

"I'll tell you anything Dan!"

"Tell me your most fucked up filthy fantasy!"

It didn't take her any time at all to think of what it was. And it was at this point that Madison completely lost control of Th e situation, her arousal rather than her reasoning skills dictating what happened next. She spread her legs wide for him, thrusting against his body as she began to speak.

"Ohhhh - Dan, it's - like - I want to - I want lots of my - my pictures, videos of me - I want them online, spread around, exposed everywhere!"

"Ohhhh, you nasty little slut!

"I want my real name on there so everyone knows I'm a nasty whore! I want exposed, and - ohhhh, my reputation ruined and - ohhhh, Dan I want my life ruined and I - I - I'm never going to be able to take it back!"

"You nasty little freak! Madison, you dirty nasty whore! I'll show you off all over with your real name, I'll humiliate you -"

"Ohhhh, Dan, it's already happened! I took a bunch and I posted them everywhere! Ohhhh, I'm - I'm - I'm a webslut! Webslut Madison and I'm all over the internet, just fucking google me and - and pass me around and ruin me pleeeeease!"

"Ohhh, Madison, you like that, do you?" At this point Dan wasn't sure if she was serious or if she was just role playing in some sort of fantasy. "You'll get so fucked. Everyone's going to find out about you! The humiliation will never end!"

"Fuck! I want it! I wanted it! So I did it to myself and I can never undo it! I want to be the biggest most shown off, most ruined little slut there is!"

"What did you post, slut?"

"Ohhhh, fuck, I - I told them my name! And I wrote nasty shit on my body! And I degraded myself! I - ohhhh, mmmmm, I begged to be passed around and exposed and ruined and turned into a Webslut forever! Ohhhh, fuck, I fucked my throat, I - I double fucked my throat to humiliate myself! I slapped myself to tears! I proved - ohhhh I proved I'm such a worthless little cunt, ohhhh fuck I'm so worthless and fucked, ohhhh I'm so worthless and stupid, ohhh I'm going to cummmmm!"

Madison grabbed his legs and clenched as she shook. She bucked as he thrusted and felt a giant orgasm ripple through her body.

"You're serious aren't you slut?" Dan growled.

"Mmmhmmm!" Madison moaned.

"Ohhhh I had no idea you were such a slut! Giving your reputation away to be a shown off whore! Is that what you wanted!"

"Mmmhmmm! I want - I want it all to come up when anyone googled my name!"

"Ohhhh, fuck you're a slut! You'll never be a teacher, you filthy skanky shown off fuck toy!"

"I know! I don't want to be a teacher! I just want to be a slut and a whore!"

"You'll never amount to anything! You're nothing but a set of holes! You're fucked, Madison! Ohhhh, you're fucked and I'm going to cummmm! Ohhh! Ohhhhh!" Dan growled as he unleashed a thick stream of cum deep inside her pussy, then collapsed on top of her, his mouth meeting hers and giving her another deep, passionate kiss.

"Fuck," Madison said when the kiss finally ended.

"What?"

"I - I mean, I - I wasn't supposed to tell you that," she said, completely humiliated.

"So you were serious?"

"Yeah, I mean -"

"Damn. You know if anyone finds out about that-"

"I know. I want them to find out, In a way."

"You know I'm going to go look it all up later."

"I know," she said, the shame evident in her voice.

"But for now, I think it's time we go rejoin the group." Dan picked up his clothes and put them back on as Madison sat up on the edge of the bed.

"Dan?"

"Yeah?"

"Will you - can this be our little secret?"

"I don't know, Madison, I mean -"

"If they find out, they find out. I'm just - please, just don't tell - you know - anyone from school or anything."

"Then you had better do exactly as I say."

"I like the sound of that," Madison said with a smile. She was already getting aroused again.

"Come on," said Dan, taking her arm. "Let's go say hello to the rest of the guys." He led her out of the bedroom and back to the living room where the evening had begun. Madison was still nude except for her ankle boots, although she was beginning to look a little worn out from the slaps to her face, the crying, and the two orgasms she had already achieved. Looking around upon entering the room, Madison saw that of the eight guys that had been there previously, only six remained.

"Hey guys," said Dan.

"Have a good time?" One of them asked.

"Haha," laughed Dan, smiling. "You could say that. But guess what? I had a talk with our entertainment for the evening," he said, gesturing at Madison. "And she's talked me into letting you guys fuck her any way you want!"

"Dan!" Madison protested. She had started to think her night might be drawing to a conclusion.

"Wait - which one of us?" One of the guys asked.

"Madison, why don't you tell them?" Dan implored.

She knew what the answer was. She looked at Dan, and she could see it in his eyes - and she also knew she had better so as he said, or by mid-week the entire campus would know all about her proclivity for self-ruination and humiliation - and she definitely didn't want that, as idiosyncratic as it might seem. She cast her eyes at the floor and swallowed.

"All of you - I mean - you can all fuck me," she said. It was like a confession of her deepest desires. She'd never been fucked by this many guys at once - or even on one night. Hell, she wasn't even sure she'd had - how many was this, seven? No, she was pretty sure that even in her sluttiest, most depraved months she hadn't had that much cock, and here she was, asking for it in the course of a single evening.

"Use her," Dan said. "She's a slut. She can take it." He pushed her forward and she fell onto the couch. A couple of the guys had already started removing their pants, discussing who was going to put their cock in which hole.

"I'm right here, guys!" She said. She was getting even more aroused the way they were talking about her, like she was a piece of meat they wanted to devour, or a car they wanted to take for a test drive.

Of course, the guys took that comment differently - to them it sounded like an invitation rather than an objection to divvying her up like a case of beer.

"Okay," Dan interjected. "I have an idea." He pointed to one of his friends. "You, sir on the couch. She sits on top of you, you fuck her ass. And you, you stand in front of her and fuck her pussy. And someone put a cock in her mouth. I'm just going to enjoy the show!"

"Dan!" Madison protested. "I thought you said they only got to touch and look!"

"I changed my mind," he said. "I didn't want to subject you to this - now I do. You've made me realize tonight just how nasty you are!"

Madison hung her head. But she also was getting incredibly turned on, as humiliated as she was. Seeing the first guy take a seat on the couch, she slowly knelt down and took his cock in her mouth, sucking it.

"I need to get you hard so you can shove your cock in my tight ass," she teased. She felt a hand on her backside as another guy felt up her ass as he stroked his cock, getting ready for her.

"Yeah, you like taking it up the ass, don't you?" Asked the guy on the couch.

"Mmmhmmm," she admitted. "You guys going to pass me around? Fuck all my holes? Use me and throw me out when you're done?"

"Fuck yeah!" One of the guys cheered.

"Good. Make me feel like a slut. I deserve it. I can't wait," she continued.

At that point she stood up, turned around, and lowered her ass onto the duck she had been sucking. "Ohhhh yes, you guys, pass my nasty slut holes around! Fuck yes!"

The second guy stepped up and moaned loudly as he thrusted his cock into her pussy. "Tell me what you are, what you want!" He moaned.

"I'm a dirty fucking slut!" She cried out. She leaned back, her back on the chest of the guy fucking her ass, taking both cocks. "Ohhhhh! Having two cocks at once feels so good, ohhh! I'm just a cunt to pass around and use! Use me! Ruin me! I want it! Don't stop!" She closed her eyes, and a moment later, a third guy was standing on the couch, feeding his cock into her mouth.

"Take it you slut!" He commanded. "You like being triple stuffed, don't you whore?"

She took his cock out only momentarily, to answer his query. "I fucking love it! Pass me around! I'm a - I'm a filthy fucking gangbang slut!" She bucked her hips and moaned as she was triple stuffed.

"Ohhh, fuck!" A guy moaned. She bucked her hips and looked around. She saw the other three guys, pants off, cocks hard, ready to replace one of the ones inside of her when it was spent. And then she looked the other direction and saw Dan - filming the entire ordeal with his phone.

She knew what he was going to do - God, was he serious? Was he setting her up with a gangbang so he could - gulp - force her to post the video? God, how humiliating! But it only made her more aroused. She bucked wildly, forcing the cocks she was servicing deep in her ass and pussy with each thrust. She bent her head to the side and forward, impaling her throat on the cock in her mouth. "I'm going to be the biggest fucking gangbang whore!" She thought to herself. And she wanted nothing more.

"Ohhh, fuck, Madison, I'm going to cum!" The guy in her ass shouted. Quickly, she dismounted, shoving the other two to the side. She turned over and put her ass in the air and took the cock that had been in her ass and wrapped her lips around it, stroking it as she sucked and the guy moaned loudly. When she felt it start to spasm, she forced her lips all the way down, balls deep, taking his cum in her throat. Her eyes teared up and she soon had a mouthful of hot, sticky cum, which she showed off to the guys - and the camera - before swallowing.

"Wow, an ass to mouth slut!" One of the guys said.

"Mmmhmmm," Madison said. "It makes me feel so dirty, I love it. Now fill me back up with cock!"

One of the guys - she wasn't sure which one - climbed underneath her as the guy whose cum she just swallowed stood and allowed his friends a turn. The new guy shoved his hard cock into her pussy, and she felt her asshole stretch as one of the others shoved his dick up her ass. She moaned loudly. "Someone put a cock in my throat!" She begged.

"What's his name?" Dan teased, approaching and holding the phone close.

"I don't know - I don't know any of their names!"

"Want me to tell you?"

"No - it's hotter this way - ohhhh I'm getting fucking passed around by six guys and I don't even know their names! I'm such a dirty little slut!"

"And when did you meet these guys?" Dan asked her.

"Tonight - all of them - like an hour or two ago! Ohhh that's it, fuck me!"

"You like fucking guys you just met?"

"I love it. I need it. Ohhh!" Someone then approached and shoved his cock into her throat, moaning loudly, grabbing her head, slapping her face. Tears came again, but she didn't care. She was far too turned on. "Oh God, oh God, fuck me, I'm cumming agaaaain! Ohhhhh!" She moaned as she shuddered and allowed herself another intense orgasm.

"Just fucking cum inside of me, all of you! Use me!" She begged. 

"I'm cumming up your ass you slut!" She heard.

"Ohhhh, yes yes yes YES cum in my ass!" She begged. She felt him pulsing before he gripped her backside and ripped into her, shoving his cock as far up her ass as it would go, burying it inside. She tagged, choking on the cock in her throat, tears spewing everywhere as her ass was filled.

"How about you? You going to cum in my nasty wet pussy?" She moaned. She gripped the guy's chest and started to ride him. "Somebody fuck my ass!" She begged. "Put something in my ass, please!" She moaned. One of the guys grabbed a beer bottle and shoved it up her ass until only the neck showed out of her little hole.

"Yes yes YES I'm such a fucking whore!" She growled.

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming in your nasty pussy! Ohhhh, I'm cumming!" The guy underneath her moaned.

"Yes YES fill up my nasty loose pussy!" She half- moaned and half-screamed. He slapped her face as he shot his cum deep inside her.

Madison stood up. She was wrecked. She was sore and used up. Cum dripped out of her pussy and out of her ass. She sniffled and wiped tears from her face.

"Are you guys done?"

"Have you had enough?" Madison just shook her head.

"I want to make you all cum," she admitted. "It's - it's why I'm here. It's all I'm good for."

"Fuck you're the biggest slut I've ever seen," said one of the guys who hadn't cum yet. He pushed her to her knees and shoved his cock in her mouth.

"You like being used like this, don't you, slut?"

"Mmhmm."

"You like it when we make you cry?" He slapped her face for added effect.

"Mmmhmmm," she moaned before taking his cock out briefly. "I'm just a fuck toy. A gangbang slut. My job is to make you cum."

"Ohhhh, fuck, open your mouth, cunt!" He slapped her face, and as she opened her mouth, he grabbed her by the back of the head and forced his cock as deep as it would go.

"Ohhhh fuck you're a dumb little piece of shit set of holes!" He groaned. "Nastiest slut I've ever seen."

"Mmmhmmm!" Madison moaned in agreement.

"Yes, ohhh, take my cock! Fuck! Fucking cunt! He moaned. She coughed, but he did not care or make any effort to stop. "Ohhhh you fucking nasty bitch! Fuck! Fuck! I'm cumming, I'm cumming, swallow my cum you disgusting piece of trash!"

"Mmmmm, ohhhh, mmmm!" Madison moaned. She felt his cum spew into her mouth and opened wide, her nasty hole taking all he could give her. Some of it shot out onto her face; she made no effort to clean it up. Opening her mouth and showing off her prize, she then swallowed it down.

"Ohhh, fuck," Madison said tiredly. She wiped the sweat from her forehead, but didn't touch the cum on her cheek.

"What are you thinking about?" Dan asked.

"I want to know who's next," she said, smiling. She really couldn't get enough.

"Me and him," said one of the guys, pointing at the chubby redhead from earlier. "Everyone else has had a turn."

"What are you guys waiting for?" She asked with a sultry smile.

"For you to spread your legs. Get over here," the guy said. He took her and positioned her so her ass was hanging off the couch, her back on the arm on one side, her head on the seat and her legs straight up in the air. "I want to fuck your ass," he announced. He pulled the beer bottle out and set it aside. "Wow, what a nasty little hole!" He commented. It was true - her ass had been used to the point that Madison had achieved a small gape, and her sphincter remained open even after the bottle was removed.

"Then fuck my ass please!" Madison said, egging him on. "And you -" she said, pointing at the redhead. "You come here. Put your dick in my mouth and fuck my throat!"

"Ohhh - ohhhh, fuck my little whore ass!" She moaned.

"Ohhhh, you dirty slut! Anal slut, gangbang girl!" He moaned as he slid his cock inside her ass.

"Mmmm! Ohhh! That - ohhh, it's - it - fuck my ass, it feels so good!" She moaned.

"Tell me what you are!"

"I'm a slut. I'm a whore. I'm a gangbang bitch, ohhhh, I'm a piece of meat, yes! I'm a - just a - passed-around skanky free use cunt!" She moaned. "I'll take all your dicks, ohhhh! Tell your friends, ohhhh please! Please beg all your friends to come find me and fuck me, ohhhh yes!"

"Here, suck my dick!" Said the redhead as he shoved his cock in her mouth and slapped her right breast.

"Mmmmm! Mhmmm! Mmmmm!" She moaned. He pulled out for half a second, only long enough for her to get a sentence or two out. "Fuck my ass harder, rip me open, fuck my throat!"

"Does it feel good to be such a nasty three holed slut for cock?" The guy fucking her ass growled.

"Mmmhmmm!"

"You wanted this - you wanted to be passed around like a beach ball, didn't you?"

"Mmmm, mmmhmmm!"

"Fucking everybody gets a turn! You'll fuck anything with a cock, won't you?"

"Mmmmm, yes!"

"Move," he said to the redhead. The redhead obliged, and the guy fucking her ass pulled out and crawled on top of her, grabbing her head and forcing his dick into her waiting mouth.

"God, I love nasty sluts that do ass to mouth!" He moaned as he forced his cock in. "So fucking nasty!"

"Mmmm, I love tasting my ass on your dick! Now I want to taste your cum!" With that said, he grabbed her head and forced his cock inside until she choked. She gagged as he came, but she met him half way, leaning into it, forcing his cock deeper into her throat, gagging again as he came.

She sniffled and sat up. Her mouth was a mixture of his cum and her phlegm and saliva, and it tasted like a mixture of ass and cum and vomit. She opened her mouth as Dan approached with the camera, then she swallowed her another load.

Madison looked at the redhead. "God, he's gross," she thought. His flabby belly was a striking contrast from the more athletic guys she was used to, and his complexion gave the image of a guy addicted to video games, sitting in a basement and drinking Mountain Dew nonstop. He had a few too many moles, and his hair looked like he just rolled out of bed. He even smelled a little off.

Yet she knew she had to offer him her body. She knew she had to. She had offered it to all the others. Madison shuddered a little at the thought. "I don't think I've ever fucked anyone this gross," she thought to herself. Yet the idea of it - degrading herself by fucking someone she found repulsive - turned her on in a way. It was as if she knew taking his cock would make her feel even sluttier than all the rest she had taken, and feeling slutty really made her aroused.

"Your turn," she said.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes," she said, nodding. She was beautifully humiliated. "Everyone gets to go."

"Yeah, I mean - usually girls - hot girls, like you - " she could see where he was going. Clearly he'd been rejected a few times by attractive girls. Poor guy, she thought.

"Yeah. But I'm different. I'm a slut. Not a fake slut, like - a real, take every cock in the room, use me up, passed around slut."

He slowly inches closer. "You mean it don't you?"

"Yes," she said, looking at the floor. She really felt pathetic begging for his cock. "Pick a hole, use it, pick another, I don't care, I like it all."

"I want to fuck your pussy," he said. "Cum inside you."

Madison leaned back on the couch and spread her legs. Soon he was standing in front of her, and she put her hands on his girth midsection and drew him close as he entered her.

"That's it, fuck me, ohhhh!" She moaned. "Your cock is going to make me cum!" She realized that something about this - having sex with someone so unattractive - was actually turning her on more than anything she'd done that night.

"Ohhhh, fuck. You're so fucking sexy!" He moaned softly.

"I'm just - ohhhh, I'm just a slut!" She arched her back and tilted her head back, as if she had to prove her point.

"You're the hottest slut I've ever fucked!"

"Mmmm, Yes, fuck me - ohhhh, fuck me harder! Fuck! Just degrade me, ohhh!" He didn't have to be told twice.

"You're a nasty fucking hot slut!" He growled, getting into it. "So nasty for taking my cock! I'm an ugly son of a bitch, how can you - you - you like this!"

"Ohhhh I fucking love it! Taking your cock makes me feel like such a whore!"

He reached forward, his stomach resting on hers, and grabbed her face and slapped her. "You think I'm a fucking lard ass, but you're still taking my cock, aren't you?"

"Ohhhh yes! Yes! Yes! I get off on being nasty! I get off! Make me - make me - ohhhh I'm such a fucking nasty cunt!"

"You fucking piece of trash! God damn, fuck! You're a disgusting piece of shit!"

"Ohhhh fuck I love the way you talk to me! Ohhhh fuck I'm going to cum!"

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" He shrieked. She closed her eyes and sucked one of his fingers as he slapped her with the other hand. All of the sudden he released, collapsing on top of her, his cock spewing his cum deep inside her. She bucked her hips and moaned loudly, convulsing as she began another thunderous orgasm. She couldn't even talk. Her world went silent. Stars spin around her head as she shook, never having felt so depraved in her life.

As soon as it had begun, it was all over. He rolled off of her and she rolled on top of him. She kissed him gently. "Thank you," she said. "Thank you for giving me your cock and your cum."

She stood up only to be dragged down to her knees.

"I want to paint your nasty whore face," one of the other guys said. Madison, exhausted, just sat there, eyes open, sucking and licking occasionally until he spewed hot cum on her face.

It was at this point Dan shut off the camera. "Okay," he said. "Any more takers before we throw her out for the night?" He looked around. Everyone was spent, none more than the evening's entertainment. "Okay," he said.

Satisfied that the festivities were finished, Dan coolly walked to the corner, picked up Madison's clothes, and handed them to her.

"I'll talk to you later," he said. "Now, out you go."

"But - wait - I need just - one minute!" She stammered. Truthfully, she could have used it. Her makeup was completely ruined, she had cum splattered all over her face and in her hair, and SLUT was still written on her body, although it had faded a little during her evening of use. "Can I - can I fix myself a little first?" She asked.

"Nope," Dan said. And with that, he opened the door and shoved her out into the darkness.

Madison stood outside the apartment, quickly putting on her clothes, as tiny and revealing as they were, before someone saw her completely nude. As she did, tears began to roll down her face. She sniffled and looked around, worried that someone would be nearby and would see or hear her.

She sniffled again. "God, why? Why why why?" She thought to herself. "Seven - I fucked all seven of them. I look like shit!" She started walking quickly toward her own apartment. "Fuck," she said to herself. A group of five people was headed in her direction, probably returning from a party or something.

"God, what if they see me?! Like this!" She thought. She initially tried to cover her stomach as they passed, covering up the writing on her face. "Shit, the cum!" She thought. She quickly moved her hands to her face, covering her eyes. "At least they won't recognize me if they can't see my face!" She thought. The effect, though, was that they saw it all - first her cum-soaked, tear-stained, abused, swollen, makeup-encrusted face, and then her stomach, writing and all. Hell, they probably even saw the cum dripping down her thighs.

"Hey slut!" One of them jeered.

"Have fun?"

"How much?"

Madison just kept walking. She sniffled and shook her head as she began to cry again. She wiped the cum off her forehead. It had become thick and gooey and stuck relentlessly to her hand. She shook her hand, hoping it would fling off into the darkness, but she had no such luck. Not wanting to wipe it on her clothes, she did the only sensible thing a girl could do - she started slowly licking it off her hand and swallowing it.

Madison picked up the pace a little, walking briskly. Tears streamed down her face. She walked past a couple more people, not even bothering to cover up her stomach, letting them see the writing and all. She started to jog, crying relentlessly, quickly reaching her apartment.

"Fuck, good, I'm alone," she said as she closed the door and saw that her roommate was nowhere to be found. She went straight to the bedroom, peeled off her top and skirt, and plopped down on the bed, bawling.

"God, why? Why did I have to fuck all seven of them?! I've always been such a good girl!" She wailed. "I really am just a stupid slut. I really am a whore. And I let them all fuck me! And I just met them! Oh, God, why!?"

"I used to have such a bright future and I went and wrecked it! And I - I told Dan - I told him I'm - Webslut Madison - and - why? Why why why? God it was hot but why am I so fucking stupid?!"

"Ohhhhh God my life is so over! I'm so fucked!" She wailed with sincere regret. "Why, why?" She sniffled repeatedly. "I know why! I did this to myself, why do I let this happen? How did I get so - so deep into this? God, please, all I wanted was to show off a little and I got fucking dragged into this mess! And now I'm out fucking seven guys in a night to - just to delay the - the day when I'm completely ruined!"

Madison sniffled again. She was inconsolable, her tears bleeding out onto her pillow; she was crying so hard she had turned into an emotional wreck incapable of even forming words momentarily.

"And the worst part is I actually loved it! Why why do I love it? Why can't I just be normal? I'll never be normal again! I'll just keep letting guys fuck me and pass me around and I'm going to get exposed! I'll never get a job! I'll have to be a stripper or a prostitute, that's all I'll be good for!"

"And I'm such a slut I actually wanted it! I wanted to get fucked, exposed, and ruined! Why, oh why?! And I'm even- I'm crying and I'm so humiliated and I just want to fuck myself again because as humiliated as I am, it's still turning me on! Oh God, I'll never escape it, ever!"

She never got the chance to fuck herself, however. Soon she buried her face in her pillow, wailing, tears soaking into her pillow, and cried herself to sleep. 



19