Florence My Exhibisionism
by flortheexhi

Chapter1

My desires started when I was around 15. I had a brother, Josh, and two sisters, Ellen and Rose. We all lived together and had our own rooms. We kind of got along with one another quiet well. Our parents were very conservative and we didn’t really share our feelings and emotions much around the house.

Josh was a kind and loving brother who was was two years younger than me. He was also in the canoeing club and was rather athletic. He was good with the computer and helped my dad when an electronic appliance needed repairing.

While Ellen had a cheerleader’s body with a tight ass and breast that were firm and pointed straight out from her tight, tanned body. She was also a bitch and likes to boss everybody around as she is the eldest. She was a popular girl in school and god know how many boyfriends she already had. Fortunately, she was studying law in university now and she only comes back home every now and then to visit us. 

Rose on the other hand was only a year older than me and was a sister that I envied and tried to model after. Rose was good with her studies and had a gorgeous body and figure. She was the sister that I could share my thoughts and feelings with except for my own sexual fantasies. She was very understanding and often she would help me with my work.

Well, that is left with me. I have firm breasts with small, dark areola and small nipples. I don’t tan much, so my skin was pretty pale. I had a small built body and had proportionally long legs. I wasn’t really popular at school and spent most of my free time quietly reading and studying.

So, the first trigger to the chain of events started when I was taking a shower at home after school. There was nobody at home at that point in time as both my parents were working in offices in town from nine to five. Josh was at the nearby lake practicing with his canoeing club. His training was extremely taxing until there was a point in time that he needed to train everyday after school till seven. While Rose was at her friends house for some project work.

Our house had a fairly large backyard that received quiet a bit of sunlight during the day, so my mother would dry our laundry at the backyard. After I had finish my shower, I realized that my towel was not hanging at the usual place in the bathroom. “Damn,” I told myself. My mother must have taken it to wash and it must be at the backyard drying. I opened my bathroom door slightly enough to allow me to stick my head out to see if there was anybody out in the hallway, which obviously no one was. My long hair was extremely wet and was dripping all over my body.

I opened my bathroom door wider and crept cautiously and slowly down the hallway and down the stair to the first floor. Even though I knew I couldn't be seen by anyone, something about just being naked where I shouldn't be had me excited. My nipples were hard and it wasn't from the cold shower. I tiptoed, I don't know why, but I literally tiptoed the distance through the hallway to the bottom of the stairs and to the backdoor. 

I was standing behind the last wall that shield me from the outside world. I looked through the eyepiece on the backdoor and I saw all the towels outside crisp and dry with nobody at my lawn. Once again, I twisted the door knob and took a peep at my neighbor’s lawn and their windows. Lucky me, they were all out. I planned out my strategy, I would rush out in the direction of my towel and grab it. Quickly I would rush back into my house. No one will be able to catch me. The thought of it made my pussy slightly damp and my nipples even harder. 

I counted down from three in my mind. Three, two, one! I sprinted straight at my towel which was not more that 10 feet away. The cold autumn air brushed against my breast as I ran. I grabbed it! I twisted myself and ran straight back towards the door. “Bang!” the door slammed behind me as I entered the house. I laid panting on the backyard door. I was safe now. I let a sigh of relief escape my mouth. However, my heart was still pumping fast, I was on an adrenaline rush!

I didn’t even bother to wrap the towel around my body and ran back to my bathroom. Though I had finished my shower, I had not satisfied the needs of my entire body yet. I laid in the tub and started to finger myself. I was cumming harder than I did in the past. As I reached my climax, my whole back arched and I orgasmed. That felt so good. I laid there for a couple of minutes. Ah.., what a wonderful showering experience.

From than on, I needed to do more risky things to satisfy my needs. After school I would make sure that nobody was around at home first. Then I would strip down to my bare and naked body at the hallway and parade around the house while getting my stuff around. Even though my family was not around, my heart was still beating like I was running a marathon. All the nervousness of getting caught drove me mad and excited. However, being naked in the house started to become boring and comfortable.

Next, when nobody was around I would lay down on the living room floor and masturbate and cum all over the floor and lick them up after I was done. After which I got even more daring and went into Ellen’s bedroom which had a large tinted window facing the backyard. I fingered myself on the ledge in the bright afternoon for everybody outside to see if they looked hard enough when I was alone at home.

After a while of experimenting around the house, I had been naked in every room in the house, including the basement and all the bedrooms, and would stay naked pretty much the entire time I was alone. I had also touch every bit of the house with my bare breast. By now even leaning naked on the clear glass window facing the streets during the day time wasn't giving me much of a excitement like before.

There was once which when I was vacuuming the floor and it felt so powerful. So I decided to put the nozzle of the vacuum to my pussy and the suction was so intense that I almost climaxed immediately in the living room. When I orgasmed, the cum when straight down the tube and it short circuit the vacuum cleaner. When my parents found out the vacuum was spoilt, I told them that I had spill some water on it and had forgotten to tell them then, but in reality I think I might have had pissed into the tube a little due to the strong suction. Thinking about this now still makes me hot and excited.

Once, I was doing my school work on my second floor bedroom naked as nobody was home yet. When suddenly a strong gust of wind came from behind and blew a stack of worksheets out of the window. I looked out of the window to get a better look and saw my work scattered all over the whole lawn. I ran down the stairs to the door. I almost went out the door naked, without even thinking much about it. Nudity had become a natural state for me when I was by myself.

I went outside to pick up the worksheet that was closest to me. The thrill of being naked was coming back to me again and I knew the way to more excitement was to go out into the open like the first time, naked. However, this time was different from the first as it was not just one object to pick that I could just grab and go. This time, my stuff was all over the place, I would need to spend at least half a minute to pick up all the worksheets.

I rapidly scamper around to pick up the pieces of paper. With one hand that is holding onto the worksheet covering my exposed nipples while the other pick up the papers. Whenever I bent down to pick up a piece of work, my ass would be pointed up for everyone in the area to see. My nipples grew steadily harder and stiffer. It was broad daylight and there was a chance that one of the neighbors would see me. I quickly bottled up that thought and ran back into my house when I was done. This time I did not slam the door shut when I entered, I turned back and checked if there was any neighbors spying on me. I looked at both sides and there were none. Another close one.

I placed the worksheets in a pile on the floor and all the excitement from just now was heating me up and my heart was still beating fast from just now. I opened the backdoor again and squatted there and masturbated on the spot. The neighbor could not see me from here but the sight of the green grass in front of me turned me on and I orgasmed and cummed all over the grass outside.

It was an entirely new experience masturbating in the open like that. I decided that I will find a way to sneak out of the house without anybody knowing and being able to see me. 

That day came the following friday when I had forgotten to bring my umbrella to school and ran all the way home in the pouring rain. I did not really cared about my books in my bag as my bag was waterproof. When I had reached home I was completely drenched. My clothes were stuck to my skin and you could see the outline of my light blue bra through my shirt. That really turned me on. 

I detoured around the house not wanting to wet the house to the backyard. I threw my school bag at the door and laid down on the grass. I flipped up my skirt and tugged my panties aside and I finger myself in the rain. The rain was pouring so heavily that it formed a thick mist. I could not see the walls of my neighbor’s house so I safely assume that the could not see me. In the rain, I orgasmed three times. I was so adrenalized and gratified while exhausted that I laid in the rain and tease my erected nipples with my hands. Cupping them at the same time. I managed to climax one more time and I was so pleased and wore out that I could just lay there and sleep. However, my parents and sibling were coming home soon and I did not want them to catch me so I stood up and let the rain wash away the dirt on my back and walked to the door.

My jaw fell open when I opened the backdoor. My sister, Rose was standing behind the door and was peeping through the eye piece and saw the whole thing. I had forgotten to check who was in the house and was too eager that I overlooked the possibility that somebody maybe at home. Her face wasn’t mad or anything like that but she gave me a stern look.

“Hey! Florence. It is not a good idea to be masturbating in the rain like that, you might catch a cold.”she expressed her concerns for me as she grabbed a rag from the kitchen and dried my hair. It was the first time we ever talked about anything sex related even though I told her almost everything I knew, this was the only thing I kept private to myself.

“Erm...Rose... Could you not tell mum and dad about this?” I asked and I blushed from the embarrassing act that I just did. Rose kept a straight face and replied,“Definitely little sis. It will be our very own secret.”

“Quickly, go take a warm shower and meet me at my bedroom. I don’t want you to catch a cold. See you later, Florence,” Rose instructed.

“Oh yes! One more thing, why don’t you take off all those wet clothing on you here and put it in the watching machine over there. You don’t want to wet the house right?” Said Rose.

“But Rose! How can I strip in front of you, it is wrong!” I countered.

“Oh come on. I saw you finger fucking yourself just now in the open, isn’t that worse? I will help you,” Rose said bluntly. It was the first time, I heard my sister even use a swear word. My impression of her being a well mannered and gentle girl was shattered. I was shocked and decided to follow her instructions.

Rose helped me pull my damp shirt over my neck and once it had covered my face and my arms were trapped, she pushed me back towards the backdoor and groped my right breast through my bra. He placed her mouth next to my ear and whispered,“I know you have some sexual fantasies about exhibitionism and what you did out there was really hot. I loved it. You really turn me on little sis.”

She took of the shirt and tossed it in the washing machine and pulled down my bra to reveal my right breast. “Florence, what gorgeous nipples you have!” She lowered her head and sucked onto my harden right nipple. She even nibbled on it. I let out a moan as she suck on my right nipple while groping my other breast. This was heavenly!

I collapse onto the floor from all the ecstasy, my sister followed me down and continued sucking on my nipple. It was extremely arousing and exciting. Just when I was about to climax, my sister heard the changing breaths and stop what she was doing and slapped my breast gently and said,“You love it don’t you. Take off the rest of your clothes and shower with hot water. Meet me at my room, we might have some time for one more, before mum and dad comes home.”

I unclipped my bra and slid off my skirt and panties and threw them into the washing machine. Just when I was going to run up to my shower, Rose smacked me lightly on my ass cheek an giggled,“Small, firm and cute ass you have, can’t wait to use it!” I cheeks turned beet red and was blushing again and ran off. In the shower, I forwent my cumming session and showered speedily. When I moved my shower curtains away, I realized my clothes were missing, Rose must have taken it when I was showering!

I managed to dry myself with my towel. I opened the bathroom door and peeked outside, there was nobody there. I made up my mind that since only my sister was back I would not need to hide my body as she had already seen it. I left my towel behind instead of covering myself with it. Rose’s room was the furthest away from the common bathroom and it was next to the stairs. When I was taking my time to stroll to Rose’s room, I heard my mother’s voice, “Girls! I am home! Dad and Josh will be home late today so we will be having dinner first.” 

I panicked, fearing that my mother would catch me walking nude in the house. I had a mad dash to Rose’s room and tried to open the door. It was locked! I knocked on the door furiously while trying not to make too much noise that will attract my mother’s attention. Then I had my mother’s voice again,“I will be changing first before I cook dinner.” OMG went through my head, my mother is coming up stairs, I will definitely get caught. I thought of running back to my room but it is too far away and my mother would probably catch me before I could open the door in time.

Without warning, Rose’s door opened and her hand sprung out to drag me in. She closed and locked the door immediately after that. It was such a close call, I almost got caught by my mother. In my sister’s room, I sat with by bare bottom on the ground panting and sweating all over my body. 

She looked at me with her large blue eyes and commented,“My little sis sure looks cute when she is shocked and all nervous.” She giggled at the same time.

“Rose. Rose. Don’t you ever do that again. I could have been slaughtered by mum.” I told her as I caught my breath.

“Well you look perfectly attired for what we are going to do next!”

Rose took off her red cotton top, revealing no bra underneath. I stared at her at here large firm symmetrical breast. She took off her short pants and again no panties inside. Her smooth hairless pussy glowed in front of me. “Hey Florence you better go shave your pussy. Then it will look as nice as mine.”

Then Rose asked me,“have you tried sixty-nine before?”

I shook my head and gave her a confused look.

“Ok, let me show you, first lie on my bed over there and the rest is really self explanatory”

I crawled onto her bed and and Rose crawled onto me facing the opposite direction. I was very confused at first. However, once dug her face into my pussy, I knew how this worked. I had never seen another female’s genitals before and I just probe my tongue into my slit. Slowly I got the pace and the rhythm. Before long, both of us reached our climax together and cummed into each other’s mouth. I sucked onto the pussy juice. It was nothing like mine. It was slight sweet and it reminder me of nectar. 

My mother knocked on the door calling us to come out for dinner. My sister got up and started to wear her clothes. For awhile I could not find mine. But after I had found mine in a neat pile tucked in a corner of the room, Rose had finished changing hers. As I wore my clothes, Rose groped and teased my nipples and she also had a finger in my pussy rubbing against my clit. I felt like I was going to orgasm again when my mother knocked on the door again and shouted,“What is taking you girls so long! Dinner is getting cold.”

Rose stopped playing with me and allowed me to wear my clothes. That night was the first time I had ever touched or played with another girl. It was truly exciting! Now I had someone to share my sexual fantasies with!

That night after dinner, I went back with Rose to her room. In her room, we sat on her bed cross-legged facing each other. Rose asked me about my nudity adventure and I told her all about it. As I told her, she slowly slid one hand into her pants and another under her shirt. Rose masturbated while I narrated my stories. 
After I was done, Rose suggested,“Florence, how about we go out tonight together since it is Friday and tomorrow we don’t have school!” Her suggestion sounded great. That night we agreed to meet at the backdoor at one after midnight after all our family members had fallen asleep. 

Around eleven pm, the majority of the house was already dark and my parents and my brother, Josh were in the bedrooms minding their own business. At around twelve midnight, I took another peep outside my door and saw that their have switchde off the bed lights. The excitement was starting to build inside of me. 1 more hour I told myself. I turned off my bed lights too, wanting not to get caught staying up so late at night.

That one hour crawled slowly as I waited on my bed. When I checked my watch, it showed one. I turned my door knob slowly and quietly and crept out of my room and closed it quietly again. I tiptoed my way to the staircase and next to Rose’s room. I placed my ear lightly on the door to listen for any sound. There were none, she must have went down a bit earlier than planned.

I tiptoed the rest of my journey down the stairs and once I was at the bottom of the stairs I could see my sister standing at the door. Once I was at the door, I asked Rose,“So? What is the plan for tonight’s event?”

“Let’s just strip nude first.”

Both of us began to take off our shirt and pants together. It felt even more erotic than before as I strip with my sister next to me. My heart started to beat even faster as it sensed a start of an trilling journey. We where all bare except for a watch on my arm to keep track of time.

We unlocked the backdoor and we were immediately surrounded by cool refreshing night air. Without warning, Rose groped both of my breast from behind and began teasing my erecting nipples. I gasped with surprise. I took a step back and used my back to rub against her firm breast. We stood there touching each other for awhile until Rose aroused me enough for me to have a mini-orgasm. I shook a little as the pleasure filled my body.

We started to walk around the backyard and played with the plants there as if we were clothed during the day. My sister whispered loud enough for me to hear,“Hey look at me.”

I turned around and saw Rose squatting by a 4 feet strawberry plant my mother had planted last spring and a stream of golden piss escaped her pussy. I looked on with amazement and got really turned on so I squatted down next to the plant I was closest with and did the same. It felt so natural and calming to piss in the open under the night sky. Before I was done pissing, I closed my eyes and rubbed my pussy with my hand. Oh it was so damn pleasurable and quite a fair bit of the the piss sprayed on my tights and torso.

Rose walked up to me and said,“Wow, my dirty little sister pissing and masturbating at the same time.”

I got up and we rolled around the grass, chased each other and masturbated each other for the rest of the night. We also did some other things like climbing up the apple tree which turned out to be really stupid as the insects started to climb all over our bodies. 

At about 5 the sky started to get a bit brighter even before the sun got up. We thought we better not that the risk of getting caught so we went back into our house. And used our clothes to clean and dry our dirty and sweaty bodies. We also played around for a while cleaning each other’s bodies. We threw our clothes into the washing machine and both of us dared each other to return back to our room naked.

It was exciting as this was the first time I was naked in the house when my family was at home. We slowly crept up the stairs and down the hallway. We entered out room and I decided to sleep nude with out my night gown. That night we slept in till around 11 in the morning. 

Rose and I did this for next two to three Friday nights. During this time I had my first kiss with a girl and it was rather exciting. We also groped each other’s breast, tease and pinched each other’s nipples and fingered each other. We had plenty of fun. Being an exhibitionist alone was thrilling enough but now when there is two of us, it got a whole lot more stirring and the things we did also got more daring.

Chapter 2

On a Sunday night, I stripped down to my bare and naked natural body. I took one last glance at my clock, it was one in the morning. We could go that night because school had closed for a week term break and we would not need to go to school for the whole week. Time to go down to meet Rose, my sister. I opened my door quietly and crept out. I closed it quietly again. As I tipped toed to the stairs, the cold, icy breeze erected my nipples. At the backdoor, Rose was already there, like me had already left her clothes in her room.

“Hey, Florence. I am kind of bored of staying in the backyard, it is simply not thrilling anymore. How about we play in the front yard where there might be a chance of people catching a glimpse of our naked bodies?”

“Sounds like a great idea to me. Let’s go.”

Once we left the backdoor, we ran around like wild women. It felt so great to be free and open. We walked down the lawn to the front yard. In the front yard, we had a small walkway connecting our front door to the streets and 5 feet fence surrounding our front yard so it gave us a bit of security but I always thought how much can it help. My mother had planted shrubs around the front yard to make it more lively. It also gave us a place to hide if anything goes wrong.

In the front yard it was slightly different from the back. It was more open and brighter as the street light could shine into our house. The excitement was coming back to me and I could see from Rose’s erected nipples, she was excited too! We started of with a 69 session on the grass as none of us could wait to jerk each other off. I laid onto of her this time and fingered her and licked her saccharine cunt. While I did that, Rose sucked and kissed my pussy and she also groped one of my breast and started teasing the nipple.

The frosty cold air blew pass our nipples and that brought us to our climax. We orgasmed into each other’s face and some of the fluid dripped onto my breast. We got up and sat on the grass, looking and admiring each other’s bodies for a while. I got up first and started to wonder around the lawn when suddenly I felt a hot spray of liquid hit my back. Rose had lifted her hips up and was pissing at me.

“Oh you!” I cry out.

I turned around and pissed back at her. Warm sticky piss was on each other’s bodies. After the piss fight had ended, we laughed and giggled. I wiped some of the piss from my body using my hand and rubbed it on Rose’s body. She retaliated at me and both of us started to play with each other’s piss. Soon our bodies were covered with a layer of gleaming and shining liquid.

“What should we do now Rose?”

“Well, we can go for a stroll down our street together?”

“Are you mad Rose? We will sure be caught and mum and dad will know about it. We will be so screwed!”

“Oh come on Florence. It will be fun!”

Rose gave a slight pat on my bottom “Let’s go”

At the gate, we looked out. There was nobody in sight. Rose unlocked the gate and took a step out and looked around again. I followed Rose out of our house. The excitement was building inside of me again, I could feel my pussy wetting itself. Rose closed the gate behind us. Just then a car sped down the street. Both of us instantly crouched down. My heart was beating faster than it had ever beat before. Once we saw the car had passed, we looked at each other in the eye and laughed.

“Oh my goodness, we almost got caught! Do you think he saw us?” I said.

“I don’t know, but I don’t want to stay here and find out. Let’s begin our walk!”

Both of us got up and got a good look around to make sure nobody and no cars were there. We decided to walk east of our house. We passed by 3 to 4 houses and some of them were still lit with people in. We stop by one and inside sat a guy around his 30s with his eyes glued to the television. To spice things up, we stood outside his lawn and waved with our arms up high to attract his attention. Rose pushed up her breast over the lawn fence and shook it back and forth. We stood there for about a minute or so and the guy didn’t even stir. We deduced that he either was sleeping or he is bloody interested with his show. 

Well, it was our first time attempting to flash our bodies in public. It was really hot and I started to get a little horny. Both of us stopped at a parked car and squatted in the shadows of the car and we started to jerk ourselves off. The thought of masturbating nude in the streets being completely vulnerable turned me on and I climaxed. My juices squirted from my pussy onto the cement pathway. I leaned back onto the car and relaxed while Rose jerked off. 

What a quiet night, not many cars or people passed by our area. After Rose jerked off, we took a stroll back home. Hand in hand, the nudist sisters walked down the streets. Instead of taking the usual path back, we chose to take the back alley, maybe it might be more interesting there.

It was quiet a long detour, way longer than we had expected it to be. To our disappointment there were no exciting events that occurred. When approaching the last turn that led to our house, we saw a silhouette coming our way! Oh no, the person is so going to see us.

We had to climb over our neighbor’s fence to avoid getting caught. Quickly, we lifted ourselves over the fence and we crouched behind the fence. We waited for the man to walk pass us but he lingered around the alley looking for something. In our neighbor’s backyard, there was a small pool in the centre and it was surrounded with grass and a few potted plants. Slowly, we crept along the back fence to the side fence that separated our house and our neighbor’s. 

Once we had reached the corner, we felt the fence shaking. We turned back and saw an old man covered with rags climbing over the fence we had just climbed. He was breaking in. Fortunately, the moon wasn’t bright and the whole lawn was dark. If we didn’t make a sound, we would not get caught. 

The tramp slowly took off his clothes and stripped himself to his undergarments and slowly submerged himself into the pool in the backyard. Rose and I squashed each other behind a small potted plant at the corner of the lawn. Our bodies were cramped side to side.

Rose whispered,“Florence, we will wait here till that hobo leaves the lawn, if not he will spot us.”

We huddled together and waited for the tramp to get out. He was just laying in the pool resting. In a small corner, it started to get a bit hot. Our whole body started to sweat a lot. Soon, we were covered with a layer of sticky sweat. My bottom started to get really uncomfortable sitting on the grass patch and so did Rose. The sky was getting brighter. Oh no it is going to be morning soon, I thought. 

It seem like there was no way of escape. We either get caught by the tramp now or later in the morning by the neighbors. Meanwhile, Our sweaty and sticky bodies rub against each other. The feeling of another girl’s body in contact with me really turned me on. We completely forgot what was happening and started to grope at each other’s bodies. With our bodies all over the other, it felt so erotic especially when we were in our neighbor’s lawn. 

I started to climb over Rose’s body and I kiss her on her lips. Two of us gave each other a passionate kiss with our tongues interlocking together. Our breast were rubbing against each other and our hips grinding together.

Our intimate moment stopped when we heard “HEY! You bloody old tramp! Get the hell out of my pool!”

We looked in the direction of the voice and saw Mr leenock, our neighbor rushing out of his house straight at the tramp who was grabbing all his clothes and trying to get out of the pool.

“Florence, this is our chance to get out. While Mr leenock is furiously chasing that tramp away, we will climb over this fence and we will be back in our house.”

Once Mr leenock started to drag the tramp out the front of his house, we climbed over the fence and back into our house. We almost got caught. Once we were in our backyard, we realized we were kind of dirty and smelt quiet bad. We went to unwind the water hose we had in the backyard and start to spray each other with it.

Rose got hold of the hose first and turned the pressure to the highest and aim at my nipples and aroused my nipples. I used my hands to shield my nipples while I tried to grab the hose from Rose. We played with the hose until our bodies were sparkling clean and the whole lawn was completely wet as if it had just rained.

Not wanting to wet the house, we ran around the lawn chasing each other to dry our bodies and our hair. Now the sun was in the horizon and the sky had a slight tinge of pink and was very much brighter. We retreated back into our house. Rose and I had one final kiss and we went back into our rooms. I was still very arouse when I recalled what we just did so I made myself cum before I went to sleep.

Next morning, I woke up at around 11am still completely nude from last night. “Ah...” what a refreshing night and sleep I had. I wore my nightgown without my bra or panties underneath. I freshen up at the toilet and went down to the dining room. My mother was not at work and Rose was having her brunch. I greeted my mother and gave her a kiss on her cheek. Rose and I exchanged winks, reminding each other of the adventure last night.

While my mother brought out my brunch, she said,“Florence, your eldest sis, Ellen is coming back later since the term break has arrived. Your dad is busy at work and Josh as canoeing practice today. So I have taken the day off from work and the 3 of us will be going to pick her up from the airport after lunch, so remember to be available for the rest of the day.”

“Alright mum! I can’t wait to see her again,” I lied to my mother. In my mind I thought, damn that bitch is coming back....

Chapter 3

Today, my eldest sister, Ellen had a week long school break and was taking a flight back home. Rose, my sister a year older than me, and my mum and I when to meet Ellen at the airport. We had a light exchange and Ellen said she was going off to see a few old friends in town and will be back late that night. So, mum dropped her off at a subway on the way home and Rose and I spend the rest of the day at home.

The day passed quickly and soon it was one in the morning. The house was dark and unlit. My parents and my younger brother, Josh had already went back to their rooms and were asleep. At the backdoor, I met Rose. Both of us had already left our clothes in our rooms and were completely nude and bare. We started with a bit of a warm up by 69ing in the backyard.

The sky was starless and our neighbors’ rooms were not lit. On the grass, Rose crawled on top of me and started to eat my already wet pussy. I returned her back the favour and used my tongue to probe into her pussy and arouse her clit. Our hands roamed around to grope each other’s breasts and bottoms.

Half-way through our 69 session in the cooling night, a bright flash came from the backdoor with a “click!”. I turned my head to the direction of the flash and saw Ellen with her iPhone in her hand. 

“Wow, my two sisters having sex in our backyard at night. How cute!”

Oh no! We had completely forgotten that Ellen was back home.

“Ellen, it is not what you think it is! We were just just..” stammered Rose.

“Cut the crap. I saw the whole thing and I even have a photograph on my phone to prove it.”

Rose and I quickly separated from each other and used our hands and arms to cover ourselves.

“Ermm, Ellen. Can you please don’t tell mum and dad about this?” I coaxed Ellen with a sweet voice that worked on Rose when she caught me in a similar situation before.

“Why would I? I am in control of you two now. Stand up so I can get a better view of your bodies.”

“But!”

“Shut up! And listen. Do you want to wake Mum and Dad up and for them to see for themselves what you are doing now?”

Without any choice, Rose and I stood up with our arms beside us. Ellen took a stroll around us and had a view of our naked bodies. Then she stopped at the door and said,“Turn around, face away from me.” Next, Ellen passed both of us a piece of long cloth and said again,“Use it to blindfold yourself.”

Obeying Ellen’s instructions, I secured the piece of cloth around my eyes, plunging me into complete darkness.

“Stand still for the next few things that I am going to do to you.”

In the darkness and with the fact that I was at the mercy of Ellen, turned me one a little.

“Open your mouth.” and I felt something big being inserted into my mouth and strapped on to the back of my head. A pair of rough muscular hands grabbed my wrist and brought it to my back and tied it up with a piece of rope. Just then, I realize that that was not my sister and it could be somebody else. Panic took over me and I struggled, but was held tightly by a pair of arms and I tried to shout but the mouth gag prevented much sound from escaping.

Then I felt that I was being dragged away! I was dragged for quiet a distance and I deduced that I was out of my house already. Next, I felt I was thrown onto something hard and cold like metal. Using my tied up hands, I managed to push myself upright in a sitting position and then I heard a engine being warmed up. The inertia of the starting vehicle pushed me down again and I laid on the cold floor. I could feel Rose’s breathing behind my back and that calmed me down a little. At least I was not alone.

Half way through the ride, I felt a smooth hand grab my face and pulled me back to a upright position. That must be Ellen’s hand.

“Okay girls, now you are all mine. I always like to humiliate girls in public, it turns me on. Now you are in James’ van. You will also have to listen to James as he is my boyfriend, do you get it?”

I gave a slight nod.

“Now we are on the way to a park in the region and we are going to have some fun!”

The van stopped after around 5 to 10 minutes. I heard the door slide open and a gust of cold wind hit my exposed body. Ellen guided me off the van and mine blindfolds were removed. My eyes quickly acclimatized to the surrounding darkness and I saw that Rose and I were standing in the car park.

“Bye! See you at the picnic area in 30 minutes time. If you don’t make it in time, you will have to walk yourselves home.” Ellen said and closed the van door and drove off with James.

Rose and I quickly scampered to the nearest brick fence in the car park to take cover. Rose and I were panting madly and my heart was beating fast. Squatting behind the fence, we rested for awhile, the chilly breeze quickly stimulated my clit. Soon my pussy was wet and was dripping a little. 

With the mouth gag, we could not talk much. I nudged Rose’s shoulder with my elbow and looked in the direction of the boardwalk entrance. Rose got the message and both of us started to creep behind the brick fence to the entrance. We only manage to get half way through the car park as the brick fence ended. 

We peeped over the fence and saw group of four men gathering around their car smoking and drinking. The other half of the journey to the entrance was open and we had nothing to hide behind to cover ourselves. I squatted behind the fence again and exchanged looks of angst with Rose. Using my tongue I manage to push the ball gag slightly out of my mouth and murmured the words “Wait?” “Run?” . Rose shook her head and vocalized “Time” .
I nodded my head in agreement, we had not much time left, we had a long way to go and we need to reach the picnic area in less than 30 minutes. I looked at Rose in the eyes and mumbled “Now!” . We sprinted towards the entrance, it was about 50 yards away. We heard the men yelling, “Look at those naked young girls running! Look at those tits and ass shake! Damn, I must be so drunk to be seeing this.” 

We our arms tied up behind our back, I could not run very fast. Once we made it to the entrance, we stood behind some trees to cover ourselves. Rose and I were panting and sweating and our faces were bright red. Our bodies were covered with a layer of glistering sweat that reflected the light from the lamppost. We sat on the grass to rest from the run. My heart was beating so fast and my whole body was filled with adrenaline. My pussy was dripping wet from all the excitement. 

I looked at Rose’s breast, they were shining with a few droplet of sweat on them. I so wanted to touch them but my arms were tied up. I pushed that thought aside and motioned Rose to continue on with our trail. We were running out of time. The frosty wind chilled my nipples and erected them on my firm breast. I wanted to touch and play with them so badly but I could not reach it. We then proceeded down the trail. There were a few low lying trees along the trail and the sensation of the leaves brushing against my nipples were so arousing.

We sped up our walking pace to a jogging speed. I looked as Rose beside me and saw her full firm breast bouncing with every step. We didn’t meet anybody on the way to the picnic area. The signs along the way guided us to follow which trail. Soon we had reached the picnic area. There was nobody there. I was anxious that we had exceeded out time and Ellen had left us behind. Rose and I roamed around the picnic area looking for them but to no avail, we could not find them.

We sat down at one of the benches and started to think through what had just happen. From the other side of the picnic area we saw a silhouette walking in our direction. Without delay, we crawled under the picnic table to hide. We kept our eyes peeled to see who was coming.

Once the lights shone on their faces, we could see it was Ellen and her boyfriend, James. We crawled out of the table and walked towards them.

“How are my baby sisters doing? Wasn’t it fun?” 

Ellen’s hand roamed all over our bodies while James stood behind Ellen admiring our bodies. Ellen stuck a finger into my pussy and said,“Flo, you are all wet! Wow, you are enjoying this aren’t you.”

“Come on, both of you on your knees.” Ellen instructed us.

Once we were on our knees, Ellen helped us to remove the mouth gag. Oh it feel so good to be able to relax my mouth again. Ellen and James then sat down on one of the benches as Ellen told us to crawl towards them. The rough pebbles and sand particles poked and ground against my knee caps as I moved towards them.

“Now we are going to have a fun activity to start things off. Here in my hand is a egg-shaped vibrater, I am going to insert it into both of you and the first one to cum is going to get a forfeit.”

I was excited to try this new toy out and I was aroused by the the word forfeit. Ellen easily inserted the small vibrater into both of our wet pussies and she turned it on with a wireless remote

It was an entirely new experience to me as the small little thing hummed inside of me. It stimulated me and I was increasingly getting more aroused. I took a look at Rose and she seemed to be handling it better than I am. I tried to control my body by tensing up and that simply brought me over the top and pleasure erupted in my body. I kneed there on the ground and my juice flowed out of my pussy.

“Looks like Flo loss the game! Climb onto the table now!”

In complete embarrassment, I got onto my feet and laid down on the table and Ellen untied the ropes securing the wrist behind me. Using more ropes, Ellen and James tied all four of my limbs down on to the legs of the table. My arms and legs were spread apart making my body into a X shape. From Ellen’s handbag, she took out a can of whip cream, a selection of different colorings and other small little bottles. 

“Let’s decorate my little sister!” exclaimed Ellen. She took the bottle of whip cream and sprayed it all over my body. A thick layer of cream landed on my torso. James took out his SLR camera and started to take pictures of me while Ellen decorated my body. On my tits, Ellen even did a small spiral on top of them.

“Awww, doesn’t she look delicious! Open your mouth Flo and don’t swallow it!”

I opened my mouth and it got instantly filled with thick cream. 

“Let’s add some decorations!”

Ellen took out a bottle of brown-colored frosting and used her hand to scoop it out and applied it all over my pussy, legs and other portions of my body. 

“Your face looks a little empty doesn’t it. Don’t worry, I will fill it up.”

Ellen took another glob of frosting and smeared it all over my face. Then she use a bottle of colorful sprinkles and sprinkled it all over my body and my face. While James continued to take snap shots of my body, Ellen used the dyes to splash all over my body, covering my legs and arms too. Making my whole body extremely colorful. 

“Almost done! One last touch up!”

She took a bottle of chocolate syrup and squeezed it all over my hair and poured some more colored sprinkles on my hair.

“Done! My masterpiece is complete!”

“Rose, get up! And knee beside Flo.”

James took some more photos of Rose and I.

“Now we can start with the feast! Starting from Flo’s Pussy and work your way up Flo’s body.”

Ellen untied Rose’s wrist and Rose placed her face at my pussy and used her tongue to lick up the frosting, icing and cream on my pussy. Roses’ tongue went round and round my pussy and her tongue probed into my pussy to lick up all the cream that was trapped inside my pussy. 

After she was done with my pussy, Rose licked my inner thighs. Damn, I was getting hotter and hotter as Rose licked up every bit of cream from my body. 

Just when Rose was about to start on my belly, Ellen said,“You missed a spot there missy!” and Ellen pushed the nozzle of the can of cream into my pussy and squeezed the trigger and filled in the inside of my pussy with a whole lot of soft thick cream. “Lick all those up!” Ellen laughed.

Rose face plunged deep into my pussy to be able to probe her tongue deeper to lick up all the cream. It felt great even though Rose had eaten my pussy so many times, it was like a completely new experience. Slowly, Rose worked up my torso and was soon licking up the cream under my breast.

“Wait there!” shouted James,“Let me take a few shots from here.”

After James was done with the photo shot, Rose continued to lick around my breast and my nipples. My nipples were erected stiff when Rose licked them up. Now Rose was done with most of my body and was only left with my face.

“Rose stop! Now climb on top of Flo. Breast on breast and face on face.”

Rose climb on top of the table and laid herself on my body. Our nipples touched and we rubbed it against each other. Then Rose continued to lick my neck and the different parts of my face. 

“For the mouth I want you, Rose to lick up the cream slowly bit by bit and after you are done, kiss passionately for a good shot.” James instructed us.

Rose worked on my lips first, sending waves of pleasure down my mouth. She licked layer by layer of cream from my mouth and soon we began our kiss. A slow and full hearted one. After that, Rose quickly cleared up the rest of the cream on my face. I looked at Rose in the eye and she looked like she was pleased too. 

Ellen told Rose to get off me and she untied the ropes secured on me. We were then blindfolded again. This time, Ellen secured our wrist in front of our bodies. Then she guided us off. We walked for quiet a long period of time in the darkness of the blindfold. The chocolate syrup was sticking to my neck and my back and it was rather uncomfortable. 

Then we came to a stop. Suddenly a gush of cold freezing water was sprayed on my body. I yelped in shock. We must be at the park’s restroom.

“You dirty little girls need to be washed clean before you enter James’ van. I don’t want you to be dirtying his van.” laughed Ellen.

Ellen aimed the water at our breast and pussy, causing us to yelp every time she directed the water there. Soon the burst of water stopped their attack on us. Ellen untied the blindfolds and untied our wrist.

“I left a set of bra and panties at the picnic area, hopefully no one has taken it yet, you better get going. Also, the sun is rising and the morning joggers are arriving soon. See you at the car park. I will be waiting for you at James’ van. Bye!” Ellen waved at us as she walked off.

Quickly, Rose and I scrambled over to the picnic area. There were two men there doing a bit of stretching and they definitely got an eyeful of our bodies. Immediately, we saw a black bra and a white panties at one of the tables. Upon closer observation, we realized it was filled with whip cream!

Swiftly, I grabbed the pair of panties filled with cream while Rose grabbed the bra that was filled with cream too. The two men were staring at us with their eyes wide open. Once, I had pulled my panties up all the way, the cream oozed out from the sides and my thighs were covered with cream. I looked at Rose and it was the same for her, the cream was also leaking out from the sides of her bra.

We ran off immediately once we were done. I used my arms to cover my breast while Rose used her hands to cover her pussy. The sky was slightly bright and there were small groups of two and three joggers who passed by us. They were staring at us with open eyes. I tried to shield my embarrassed face with my hand as we passed by them. As Rose was running ahead of me, I could see white cream dripping down from her sides. 

We ran as fast as we could to the car park. Once we were there, the car park was half filled with people and cars and they were all looking at us. Rose quickly motion to me the direction of James’ van and we rushed towards it. The back door was open and we lunged into it and I closed the hatch behind us.

Once I looked up, James’ camera went off and a photo was taken. Ellen laughed,“ My two little sisters dirtying themselves after I had clean them up, what dirty pigs. I want you to lick each other clean while James drive us back home.”

James started the engine and we were on our way back home. Rose took of her bra and I slipped off my panties. We started off licking the cream of each other’s bra and panties. Following, Rose leaned back and I crawled on top of her and licked the cream of her breast slowly and flicked my tongue on her nipple causing both of us to giggle. Soon her breast was clean of cream. Next, I rested against the other side of the van and thrusted my hips off the ground into Rose’s face and she lapped all the cream on my pussy and on my ass. She also probed into my pussy and sucked on my clit. 

When we were done, we looked to the front of the van and saw a video camera taking a video of us! 

“Ellen!” Rose shouted.

“Ah, you girls are done with your business?” as Ellen turned back from the front seat to look at us, “Good, we are almost home and what a splendid video I will have to keep!”
Ellen dislodge the video camera from its fixed position and she replayed the video for her to see.

Rose and I sat down for the rest of the journey and soon we were home. Ellen exited the van and opened the back door for us. The sun had just rose a little and my parents should still be asleep. 

“Now I want you to run back to your rooms and grab one dress and wait for me outside my room naked. You better be there before I reach there if not I will show mum and dad this film.”

“Yes!” we replied her.

We rushed up to the front door and tried to open the door but realized that it was locked and Ellen was slowly walking down the pathway to our house shaking the house keys in her hand. We hadn’t been in the open in our neighborhood this late in the morning before and the sky was bright enough for them to see us. We gestured to Ellen to quicken her pace.

Soon she was at the door and she unlocked the door for us. Immediately we rushed up the stairs and into our rooms. In mine room, I took a moment of breather before I went to my wardrobe to grab a simple yellow summer dress and rushed out to Ellen’s door. Rose was already waiting there with her dress in her hand. I turned back and saw that there were shadows under our parents’ room door and that meant that they were already awake! Perturbation overwhelmed me and I started to jump anxiously. 

Ellen soon arrived at the second floor and opened her door to let us in. My heart was once again beating like a mad dog. 

Ellen pointed at her door and said,“Put your dress at the door and stand beside my computer.”

We placed our dresses nicely in a pile on the floor and stood beside Ellen’s computer with our hands in front of us and waited for Ellen’s instructions. Ellen sat at her computer chair and started her computer. She opened up her mail and downloaded the file send by James. She opened up the folder and about 200 photos of Rose and I in action appeared on her computer screen.

Then Ellen looked at us and said,“I will send you a copy of this each to remind you who’s in charge here. If any of you defy my instructions, these photos will not only be sent to mum and dad, it will also be sent to your friends on facebook and twitter. Everybody will be able to access and see the photos. However, as long as you obey my instructions, everything will be fine. So for today you are free to do what ever you want. I will call you in when ever I feel like having fun. Go have your sleep now or whatever you want to. Also, you better wear your dress as mum and dad should be a wake by now. Go!”

Rose and I wore our dresses and left Ellen’s bedroom and before we separated to our own rooms, we ensured that nobody was around and hugged each other and kissed. We rubbed our bodies against each other to feel each other’s breast and nips. After our heated kiss we went to our own rooms.

I laid on my bed and recalled that night’s events and fingered myself to climax before I drifted off to sleep. What a wonderful night!

Tune in for another journey!



