Sex In The Age Of  Rehab - The Aches Of Old Age Lead To Passion

by Hugh MVO


Chapter 1

I'm at the point in life when aches and pains are to be expected. Recently I was scheduled for a pain management injection in my back. These are routine outpatient procedures, but they do require that you be driven home by someone. At the last minute, my wife found that she had to be out of town on business for the day, so she arranged for an acquaintance, Pam, to pick me up. We live over an hour from the doctor's office, so the plan was for Pam to bring me to her house, where I could rest until my wife got back to town. Pam is a few years older than I am, in her early sixties. As far as I know, she has never married. While no one would call her beautiful, I'd have to say that she hasn't lost her looks.

I gave Pam a call as soon as I was ready; she came right over to the doctor's office. As I got into her car, I thought about what a good idea this was. My legs felt like rubber, and my head felt as if it was floating. I wasn't going to be driving anywhere for a while. Pam didn't live far from the doctor's office, and she soon had me settled on her couch, something for which I was most grateful. She asked me if I wanted anything, to which I replied "no." It was a pretty decent spring day. Pam was wearing jeans that had seen better days, and a pink, short sleeve knit polo shirt that I suspect had once been red, and that she didn't bother buttoning. I've never stopped admiring female figures, and I didn't fail to thoroughly take in Pam, whom I seldom saw. Like many of us, she was losing the battle of the bottom just a little bit. Her breasts were not large, but they were large enough to give her a pleasing shape. The flesh that was visible on her chest had a beautiful peaches and cream color, and there was a very nice bit of cleavage visible where her shirt might have been buttoned. Her nearly black hair, which she wore loosely pulled back in a pony tail, was generously streaked with gray. She had a nice enough complexion; what you you saw was what you got - she didn't appear to wear much make up. Her face wore the wrinkles of a woman in her sixties, and they weren't at all unpleasant looking. I estimated that she wasn't quite five feet tall. As she left the room, I saw that pony tail swishing from side to side all the way down to her butt. It was also not an unpleasant sight, graying hair and all.

I must have dozed off. I woke with Pam holding a cool wash cloth to my forehead. "Are you OK?" she asked, "you were sweating up a storm. I was worried." "I'm fine," I said. I felt fine, but the cool wash cloth felt very good on me. She was perched on the narrow edge of the couch, half balancing with her other hand on the coffee table, sponging first my forehead, then my cheeks. She was bent over slightly, and I could see a more generous amount of her cleavage than normal. Gosh, I thought, that is one fine chest, and one fine pair of breasts. Her breasts hadn't seemed all that large, but looking down her blouse, they looked very attractive indeed. Suddenly I realized that our faces were very close, and that it was quite obvious that I was staring directly down her blouse. I was embarrassed. I looked up, and our eyes met, which just reinforced the embarrassment. She broke the ice with a big, wide smile. "You like?" she said, leaning over farther, with her face even closer to mine, giving me the best view she could. She brought her breasts to rest on my chest, and planted her forehead on my lips. I couldn't help myself. The pressure of her breasts on me was turning me on; I gave her forehead a little peck, then another, then a longer kiss, as I breathed in her scent. I felt her press her breasts tighter against me, working them against my chest. She turned her head to the side, nesting it on my shoulder. She started nuzzling her face into my shoulder. I put my arms around her, holding her gently but firmly to me. "Ohhh," she sighed, pressing against me. Then, just as suddenly, she sat up. Her face was flushed, and her breathing labored. "Oh God," she said, half out of breath, a grin on her face. My eyes moved to her chest; her nipples were standing out rock hard, plainly visible under her polo shirt. We both started laughing. Her eyes were sparkling, but I couldn't keep looking at them. My eyes went back to her breasts, then, embarrassed again, I looked into her eyes. She was looking right back into mine. I lifted up my hand to touch her cheek. At first I thought she would pull away, but then she nestled her cheek into my hand, appearing to savor my touch. Her skin felt perfect. My hand shifted to her neck, then I touched her hair. Her hair was as soft as anything I'd ever felt. I combed my fingers through her hair. She arched her head back with pleasure, and let out a little purr. I was feeling unduly drunk, and fully incautious with the moment. "Pam," I said, "may I undo your pony tail?" She chuckled. "Sure, but it may not be as easy as you think." With that, she swiveled herself around to show me her back. Her long, graceful pony tail reached all the down her back, and half way down  her butt. It was formed by the hair itself being loosely tied in a single overhand knot. I wasn't sure whether I could untie it, but I went right to work on trying. It was easy. When it was done, her hair fell straight down in beautiful, thick, long, black and gray tresses. I combed my fingers through it, spreading the hair out evenly, savoring its texture. As I did so, I ran my finger tips over her back as they passed through the hair. "Mmmm," she kept saying. "That feels good." After a bit, I figured I had best stop, though if it were up to me, I'd have kept it up. "Why did you stop?" she asked, looking over her shoulder. I ran my hands through her hair again, my finger tips tracing a path down her back, starting on the bare skin at the nape of her neck, running over the collar of her shirt, over the outline of her bra strap, and down past the waistband of her pants, over and over again, as she purred with each stroke. We were a bit like two teenagers, slowly approaching, but like two adults, we knew exactly what we were doing. Pam was moaning, almost wimpering softly most of the time at this point. I couldn't stop myself. I wrapped my arms around her waist, underneath her shirt, feeling her skin, rubbing the flesh just below her bra. I kissed the back of her neck. Her scent was intoxicating. I felt as if my body temperature had suddenly been turned up - way up. I ran my hands up to cup her breasts outside her bra. "Oh God, oh God, oh God," she said. I felt her reach down to unbutton the waist button on her pants. I let go of her, stood up and began to pull down my own pants. My erect penis popped out. She stood, pulled her shirt over her head, then she frantically pulled down the shoulder straps of her bra, slid it around, unhooked it, and tossed it on the floor. Her breasts stood out straight, full, and beautiful, her nipples just as erect as they had appeared through her shirt. I stopped what I was doing. I had to touch her breasts. I held them, I touched her nipples, felt them between my fingers. I couldn't keep my hands off her. I sat on the couch in front of her, and took a nipple in my mouth. A moan escaped her mouth. "Oh, oh, oh, ohhhh," she went on and on. Her hands went around my shoulders. "Oh God, it's been so long. Please don't stop. Please, please, oh pleaassse?" Her voice trailed off into a whisper. I did not stop. I kissed one breast, then the other. I sucked one nipple, then the other. She was naked. She had slipped her pants and under pants off. I ran one hand up to her butt, caressing her ass. The other gently caressed her between her legs, gradually finding her pubic hair. I intentionally stayed away from her vagina at first. I wanted to explore her body a little at a time. My rock hard penis testified to the fact that I was so hot for her that I would have gladly taken her right then and there, but I wanted to savor every bit of her first. She was just so delicious. I gently ran my hand over her pubic hair, then down to her clitoris, just barely touching it. She thrust her pelvis toward my hand, grinding it at me, and I let her rub against it briefly. She let out a moan. I shifted my mouth from her breast to her vagina, sucking her clitoris, rubbing it with my tongue. "Ah, ah, ah! Come in me, please, come in me, please, I want you in me!" She was thrusting her pelvis at my mouth. I stood up and held us together tightly for a moment, feeling my penis tight against her vagina, her breasts tight against my chest. It felt as if every inch of us was touching. Then I guided her to the couch, pushing her down. She raised her legs, spreading them wide. I knelt between them, and looked at her. I held my penis, working it with my hand. She looked down at it, lifted her legs higher, and reached for me. She wet her hand in her mouth, and moistened my penis. "Come," she said, "please come in me," then guided me to her vagina, carefully working the head into her entrance. I pushed gently, and entered her. She quickly thrust to meet me, pushing me deep into her. I came down on her body, mashing her breasts down between us. Her legs came together, grasping me tightly, helping her thrust against me. We began to move together, rutting like two animals in heat. We moved quickly against each other. I had never thought of sex with this woman. It had simply never occurred to me. Now I wanted her so much that I could barely control my thrusts into her body. She was breathing heavily, moaning, saying all sorts of things to me that I never imagined hearing from her. "Yes, yes, I needed this, yes, don't stop, please, don't stop, don't stop, don't, don't, ah." She was holding me tight between her legs, rocking her pelvis against me. She felt so good. God, how I wanted my sperm inside her. I could not wait to come, and shortly I did, feeling the wetness as I exploded with pleasure. After a while we stopped moving, and came to rest, still entangled, not yet willing to break the intimacy of intercourse. I stayed with my cock in her as long as I could, feeling the wetness that we'd made together. It apparently was what she wanted, too, since she kept her legs wrapped around me. Finally, I let go of her, and she relaxed her legs. We smiled at each other and started laughing. She gave me a sly grin. "Sex in the age of rehab," she said wryly. I could only laugh a little more. We untangled ourselves and sat up on the couch. I put my arm around her shoulder, and she rested her head on mine. I wondered what she was thinking. I looked down at her breasts. They looked delicious. She had not come. As I caught my breath, I had a great desire to suck her nipples. I reached across my body and took one of her breasts in my hand, gently weighing it. There are certain truths about sex between people in their sixties. One is that the female breast loses much of its mass. It does not, however, lose its appeal. Both things were true in Pam's case. I took a nipple between two fingers. She closed her eyes. I felt rather than heard her inhale deeply. Her nipple became hard as I held it. "Oh," she said under her breath. I bent my head down close to her ear and whispered: "I want to kiss every inch of you, then I want to eat you. I want to suck your clit until you are screaming." She sat up. I went to lie down, and pull her on top of me, but she stopped me. "Let's go into the bedroom," she said, taking my hand. Then she stopped. "Let's take our clothes with us," she added. We gathered up our clothes and rushed to her bedroom, two naked sixty year olds who hardly knew each other. It was a utilitarian space, mostly white, tasteful, but with only a few feminine touches. I looked for pictures of boy friends, children, relatives, but there was just one old black and white of a couple that I imagined were her parents. Pam wasted no time pulling down the bed covers. She glanced at the clock; it was just after twelve-thirty. "We've got a little time," she said, rolled into bed, and reached out her arms to me. I climbed in after her, knelt over her, and gave her a gentle kiss, which turned into a deep, deep, passionate kiss, our tongues mingling, our mouths moving together. I could taste her so deeply. I didn't want to break that kiss. I felt myself getting hard again. My hand went to her breast. Her nipple had gotten hard; I held it between my fingers, feeling its shape, gently squeezing it. She moaned again. I moved down and began to suck her nipple. I pulled as much of her breast as I could into my mouth, and whipped her nipple with my tongue. She gave off little moans each time my tongue hit her nipple. My hand moved down to caress the inside of her legs. She shifted her legs with my caresses, and her moaning increased. My hand wandered up to her crotch. I felt the soft, down of her pubic hair. I cupped her mound in my hand, holding it firmly. She reached down, grabbed my hand, and rubbed it against her opening. "Yesss," she hissed. I got the message. I sat up. She looked at me, puzzled. She was flushed and hot. "Come sit on top of me," I said. With that, I lay down on my back, my penis sticking straight up and erect. I reached out to her, and she came into my arms. She thought I wanted to come inside her, but I guided her up until her vagina was opposite my face. I steadied her with my hands, holding her firmly under both of her arms. Then I began to  caress her pubic hair, first with my nose, then with my lips. She reacted quickly, rolling her pelvis to align her clitoris with my mouth. I began to gently kiss the lips of her vagina, then her clitoris. Then I began tonguing her clitoris, gently at first, then more firmly. Her clit had swelled. I began taking it between my lips and sucking it, holding it firmly between my lips every so often. She was making little sounds, not moans, really, just these insistent little "oooh" sounds, her body giving off little shivers. My fingers still steadied her body, but my thumbs were rubbing her nipples. "Oh God, oh God, oh God," she said, over and over, her body giving off little shakes, her eyes closed. Then the sound, and her movement changed. "Ohhh... ohhhhh... ohhhhhhh...." Her shaking became more intense, "Ohhhhhh... ohhhhhhh... oooohhhhhhh..." Suddenly her body convulsed, she came in a torrent of discharge so great that I couldn't tell whether she was urinating or coming. Her body continued to shake as I kept tonguing her and rubbing her nipples. Then she collapsed on me, pressing herself to me. She was breathless, her body hard and tense, her arms grasping me with all her might. I had stopped - she was obviously done. I couldn't remember the last time I had seen a woman have an orgasm like that. She was still holding me tight, still breathing hard. We were soaked. I could smell her all over us, and feel the wetness on the bed. Finally, she relaxed, and we separated. We lay there looking at each other on the wet bed. "Thank you," she finally said. We just kept looking at each other. The smell of sex was heavy in the air. I understood why she hadn't wanted to continue on the couch. It would have made a great, and unexplainable mess. "You were... you were fantastic," she said. No woman had ever said that to me before, and since it seemed unlikely that any would ever say it to me again, I savored it for a moment. I'd heard the expression "fresh fucked look," but until looking at Pam, next to me on the bed, I never remember any woman having that look. I looked at the alarm clock. I didn't know when my wife was due back, but we had burned another hour. "I believe that we'd best get dressed," I said, getting up on one elbow, "do you have a towel? I need to dry off a bit." "Dry off!" she said, still a bit weak, "you need a shower." "No need. I'll just towel off. I don't smell like much." "Hmm," she said, "you might as well know that a woman can smell the scent of another woman on a man. Don't ask how I know." She hopped out of bed, headed for the bathroom, and motioned me to follow. She adjusted the shower, stepped in, and waved me in. We soaped each other everywhere. I enjoyed revisiting those areas that had given her so much pleasure, though she did not permit me to linger. When we had rinsed, she dropped to her knees, cupped my balls in her hands, and took my penis deep in her mouth. I thought she was going to give me a blow job, but she did it for only a few strokes, then she stood up, gave me a big, saliva soaked kiss, full of lots of tongue, then said, "that's a down payment on next time. I want there to be a next time." Then she turned the water off, got out, and handed me a towel.

By the time we were dressed, and back in the living room, we were all business, as if nothing improper had happened. For just a split second I looked at her, wondering what she was thinking as she talked to the woman whose husband she had just bedded, but I didn't dwell on it. I put the whole thing out of my mind from then on. It was how I coped with my first and only foray into adultery. I had no way of knowing of such things, and as delicious as that taste of Pam had been, I had no intention of taking a second foray.


Chapter 2

I described Pam a an acquaintance of my wife, rather than a friend, because I believe that's what she was. While my wife and I don't live separate lives, we don't share every aspect of our lives. My wife is not often away from home, so even if I had wanted to carry on with Pam, it wouldn't have been practical. My wife did spend a long day out of town about six weeks later. I was surprised to get a call from Pam early that morning, asking if I had some errands in town that might bring me by her place. There couldn't be any coincidence at work here. I began to wonder just how friendly Pam and my wife might be. I had put Pam out of my mind since the day of our love making, but the sound of her voice had awakened an immediate heat for her in my body. It didn't take me long to get going. Once I was on the road, I began having doubts. I knew Pam was no beauty. A bit heavy in the bottom, no great shakes in the chest, presentable enough, but not really pretty, and, in her early 60s, well, you could say that she'd kept the looks that she'd had, but perhaps my waking up from pain management had made me a bit over appreciative. I had just about talked myself out of the whole thing when my mind drifted back to the pure, simple, and remarkable passion that we'd shared. As a sixty year old, when was the last time that I'd come like a freight train, feeling an orgasm that intense, for that long? When was the last time a woman's breasts had felt that good? I suspected that it had been quite a while since Pam had had that kind of experience, and I was very pleased to have given it to her. 'In for a penny, in for a pound,' I thought. I took to guessing how Pam might look when I arrived. Last time I'd seen her, she had worn washed out, faded , frayed clothes. She may not have dressed for sex, but she had looked very sexy. 

It took me more than an hour to get to Pam's house. She lived in a small brick house, on a shaded street, in an older part of town. She must have heard me drive up, because she met me at the door; she was wearing exactly the same outfit that she had been wearing the last time I'd seen her, except that she was barefoot. Her pony tail was knotted exactly as it had been the last time I had seen her. There was just somehing about that salt and pepper pony tail... She gave her biggest smile; as she let me in, I frankly inspected her body. Her breasts stood out very nicely inside the knit shirt. As she led me to the living room, I caught up with her and encircled her waist with my arms, resting my hands on her stomach, holding her close to me, pressing my crotch against her butt. "Mmmm," she said, pressing back, covering my arms with hers as my errection grew against her. I kissed the top of her head. She looked up at me over her shoulder. "It's been a while," she said. I breathed in her scent deeply. She wore no perfume, but had about her a sensuous female scent - one I remembered well. As horny as I was, I didn't want to let go. I just wanted to hold her to me, continuing to push my errection into her, but she had a different idea. She turned in my arms, looked up at me, and offered her open mouth. Our lips met in a long, long, soaking kiss, our tongues working at each other, our crotches grinding against each other. My hands held tight to her butt, pressing our crotches together, pushing my erection into her crotch, she pushing her mound hard back into me. I moved my hands up to her back to hold her breasts to me. She moaned with apparent approval, kissing me harder. Pam was so short that I had to bend down a bit to kiss her, and she had to stretch upwards. She put her arms around my neck. I reached down to grasp her butt, and lifted her slightly. She brought her legs up around my waist and locked them tight. She was groaning and squirming, while holding me like a vise with her legs. I couldn't support her weight for long, so I backed her into the wall, pressing her tightly against it.  "Oh, oh, oh," she whimpered, holding me tighter. I could feel her pubic mound through her clothes as she gripped me, and I pressed against her. We hadn't broken that kiss in, well, I don't know how long. I couldn't stand it. Whatever was to be gentle, or subtle, would have to wait for later. I carried her to the couch, and let her down. I stood up just long enough to undo the waist button of her jeans. I pulled down the jeans and underwear together. I didn't even bother to get them off past her ankles. I opened my pants, and frantically pulled them and the underwear down together. She had gotten part way up to try to get her jeans the rest of the way off. I pushed her back down, spread her knees, and came down on top of her. She gave a little cry of surprise, but spread her legs as wide as she could with the jeans still around her ankles. My penis found her vagina, and the head eased its way in, feeling her moisture. I was trying to keep some bit of control. I took a few short strokes, then plunged my full length in. I was just fucking her. There was nothing but pure sexual need. Whatever had come over me was in control. She held me tightly between her legs, her arms tightly around me, grunting with each thrust as we pushed against each other. In very little time I came inside her, and shortly we stopped moving against each other. It had been a pure release of sexual pressure. I rolled off of her and sat up. She did the same. Then she started laughing. "What was that?' she said, through her giggles. We were both breathing pretty hard. "I'm sorry," I said, "I needed you, and I couldn't stop myself, not even for a moment. I needed to be inside you, I needed to come inside you, and I couldn't wait. It's not romantic, but it is true." "Hmm," she said, "It wasn't the most romantic moment of my life, but it is nice to be wanted. I haven't had a lot of that, so thanks."

I kicked off my shoes and pants, stood up, and took her by the hand. I stood her up, put my arms around her, and held her. "That was just a down payment on the rest of the day. Let's get naked." "Let's not," she said. "Let's get dressed for a little while. We have all day, and I have a nice lunch ready for us." She did at that.

We sat in the kitchen eating a tasty but light lunch. We ate sitting opposite each other at a table over looking a spectacular flower garden. Pam spent a good deal of time hunched over so that I could look down her shirt. It was a very good view. We had a surprising amount to talk about - mostly gardening. Pam liked to look at flowers, and she'd done a good job of keeping fresh ones in view. She also wanted a small kitchen garden, right outside the door. I had a few suggestions for her, when I was able to keep my eyes off her. At this point I found it humorous that I'd tried to find fault with her looks on the way into town. Sitting there in worn out jeans and a washed out shirt, she was a very desirable woman. I doubted that she could look much better all dressed up. I wondered if most women understood how sexy they looked in their play clothes.

I help Pam clear the table. She started to wash the dishes. I put my arms around her and whispered "let me do those." She looked back at me, puzzled. I gave her a serious nod, put my hands on her shoulders, and moved her aside. I was a little ashamed of the way I'd treated her, darned near ripping her clothes off. It was rude, as great as my need might have been. There were only a few dishes; I took care of them quickly. Before I finished, she slipped her hands around me, cupping them over my crotch. I kept working, but she had the desired effect; I was soon hard. As I was finishing up, she undid my belt and pulled down my pants. She held my penis in one hand while she cupped my balls in the other. "Turn around sweetie," she said, as she helped me. She dropped to her knees, and took me in her mouth, running her tongue underneath, gently squeezing my balls, and taking me completing inside her mouth. I held on to her shoulders, steadying myself, as the sensations drove me crazy. "I might come in your mouth, and my knees might just collapse when I do," I told her, the pleasure driving me crazy. She stopped, stood up, and put her arms around my neck. "We can't have that, now can we," she whispered, kissing me deeply, rubbing her crotch against my naked penis. I ran my hands up under her shirt, and unhooked her bra. Her breasts came free between us. My hands came around to the front and cupped them. She closed her eyes with pleasure. My thumbs stroked her nipples through the fabric. "Mmm," she moaned, "that feels so good. Let's go to bed." We headed for the bedroom, me naked from the waist down, my penis sticking almost straight up. By the time we got there she had her shirt off and her pants unbuttoned. She shucked them off, and was naked before I was, rolling on to the bed without bothering to pull back the covers. As I joined her she reached out for me. I knelt beside her, our chests touching, and gave her as long, as wet, and as tongue filled a kiss as she had given me. She responded in kind, pressing her body against mine. I got on top of her. I felt my penis pressing against the bush of her pubic hair, rubbing against the soft down. I came up on my knees and took a breast in my mouth, tonguing her nipple until she began to respond with little moans. I brought my hand up to caress the other nipple. "Oh yes, please don't stop," she begged.  I didn't. I continued to move my tongue rapidly over her nipple, while rubbing the other between my fingers. I felt her move her hand to her crotch. I reached down with my free hand and held it away. "Ahh. No, I need... don't," she moaned. I continued to hold her hand away, while I rubbed the base of my penis as close to her clit as I could, while being careful not to enter her. She was struggling against my hand. ""Enngh, ahhh, please!" she begged. I moved down between her legs, spreading them wide with my hands on the inside of her thighs. I probed her vagina with my tongue. "Aghhh, yes, there, like that!" she said insistently, as she tried to thrust her clitoris toward my tongue. Finally, my tongue found her clit. I touched it with the tip of my tongue, just pressing it slightly. She pushed back hard. "Uhh, yes, there, yesss." I started tonguing her clit, then taking it between my lips, and holding it firmly. She was writhing on the bed, pushing her crotch up at my face, moaning, constantly asking me for more. She was coming, soaking the bed clothes, humping up and down, making little rhythmic noises. I had my arms locked around both her legs. I could feel her shaking, convulsing with her orgasm. Then it was over. Her body relaxed, her movement subsided, and the only sound I heard was her heavy breathing. As the fantasy writers like to say, she had come like a ton of bricks. I relaxed my grip on her, and came up next to her. Her face was bright red, her breath a little labored. She was looking at me with a little bit of a smile. "You were fantastic," she said. I'd heard that recently, but not often. When had I ever heard that before? When a sixty year old hears it, he should write it down, day, date, year, circumstance, etc. The sound of her voice suggested that she meant it. All I could say was that she was as attractive, as sexy, and as purely delicious as any woman whom I had ever known, that I was compelled by her sexual beauty to do what I did, that I could do nothing less, that her body was as desirable as any that I had ever known, and that I would gladly do it again, right now. So that's what I said. She blushed. Then she gave me the most remarkable bit of oral sex that I have ever had. I don't describe it, dear reader, because it's indescribable. Sorry.

We spent the rest of the day playing little sex games, then showering, and then I was off. We did not  agree on another tryst, though Pam did, once again, give me a "down payment," signaling her intent. We had gotten out of bed. She asked me to untie her pony tail and then comb out her hair. I'd never thought about it, but combing out a naked woman's hair is a pretty sensuous experience. Once I began, I didn't want to stop, and she didn't seem to want me to stop. It led to a detour. I had been combing her long hair for quite some time. It was long, below her waist, and as fine and soft as silk. We were both still naked. Periodically, my penis would brush againbst her back. Suddenly, I stopped. "Pam," I said, "I want you very much. Please, let's go back to bed and make love. I need you." Without saying anything she stood up, walked over to the bed, and lay down. Looking up at me, she saw my penis sticking nearly straight up in the air. She spread her legs. I got on the bed between her legs, and she lifted them into the air. As I came to her, she wet her hand in her mouth, and moistened my penis. I came into her. She closed her legs, gripping my body tightly, and we came together, touching along the entire length of our bodies. We moved together, slowly, gently at first, then faster and faster, until I came inside her. We lay there for a moment, then I rolled off her, and we just lay on the bed for a few minutes, holding hands. It was an odd scene, the two adulterers acting like old lovers. When I left, at the door, we kissed the same way.

Later, on the way home, I resolved that there would be no next time.

Chapter 3

I didn't forget about Pam as easily this time., She became a fairly frequent fantasy, though I wouldn't call her an obsession. It was pleasant, when I was laying in bed, trying to get to sleep, for example, to occasionally think about the really great sex we had shared. It was as if her house formed this bubble in which we had this separate relationship, but I didn't hold on to the fantasy of that relationship continuing.

It was time for another pain shot. I expressed some dismay when my wife told me that she had to be out of town again, and that Pam would once again be picking me up. "She didn't make a pass at you, did she?" my wife asked. I laughed. "No," I said, "it would just be nice to go right home and get into bed until the shot wore off."  "Pam said she put you to bed," my wife said. "She did," I replied, "but it's not the same. I understand, though. Work is work, after all." Pam had indeed put me to bed, amongst other things.

This time, when I finished with the pain management doc, Pam was already in the waiting room, wearing what I might now call her 'kiss me fuck me' outfit, the same old worn jeans and faded shirt. She helped me get down the stairs, and into the car. As we drove away, I noticed that we weren't heading for her house. "How're you feeling?" she asked.  "Pretty good, but don't ask me to make any sudden moves for a while, or turn any sharp corners." "Not to worry," she said, "but I am curious about a few things." She didn't elaborate. I was pretty beat, so I didn't say anything for a while, but finally, my curiosity got the better of me. "What things are you curious about? We're not heading for your place." "I'll show you." She parked by a stand of woods, at the edge of a corn field. "I selected this very carefully. I love getting completely naked with you. I wanted to do it in the open air, but privacy is hard to come by. I think this is the place. I don't want a quicky. I want great sex - the kind I have with you." She got out, popped the trunk, and took out a large matress-like pad. She opened my door and took me by the hand. "Come," she said, gently pulling me out of the car. I my woozy state, I was [prewtty easy to lead around. We slipped into the corn field. Just a few rows in there was a cleared space, which she had apparently made. She set out the mattress pad, and invited me to sit with her. "What do you think, sweetie?" she whispered, "It's pretty private, as long as we keep our voices down." The drugs were starting to wear off. I could tell, because she was starting to turn me on in a big way. "Really," I said, turning to her. I reached for her breasts, holding both while my lips reached for hers. "Mmmm," she said. She put her arms around my neck, and kissed me back deeply. She pulled away from me, leaned back, and pulled her shirt over her head. She pull her bra's shoulder straps down, pulled the bra around, and unhooked it. Then she stood up, slipped off her sandals, jeans, and underwear. She was standing buck naked in the middle of a corn field. Looking at her delicious long salt and pepper hair, her breasts, her pubic hair, I just wanted to crawl on to her, and crawl into her. I pulled off my shirt, stood up, pulled down my pants, and there we were, naked together under the sun. I put my arms around her, my hands on her butt, holding her crotch tight against mine. We kissed hard, and held each other tight to each other. We were squirming against each other, if trying to get even closer. She was delicious. We finally broke the kiss. I got down on the mattress, and urged her down on top of me. I guided her down with my hands, positioning her breasts above my face. I took one of her breasts in my hands, and sucked the nipple gently. "Mmmh, mmmh!" she muttered softly, "that feels soooo good, soooo good...  God, I love it." I sucked one breast, then another. She reached down, took my penis in her hand, and rubbed it back and forth against her clitoris. She placed the head of my penis at the entrance of her vagina, and moved it about, working it until it was inside her. I didn't thrust into her; I wanted to concentrate on her breasts. They were positively delicious. She moved her pelvise in response to my sucking. "Oh God, please, please..." She reached down to her crotch, and began feeling herself. I grasped her under both arms, and eased her up, until her vagina was in front of my face. I thrust my tongue into her vagina. "Ohuh, oh, oh." I tongued her clitoris rapidly, whipping my tongue back and forth. Her breathing became frantic. "Oh God, that feels so good. Please don't stop, please, please." She put her hands on my shoulders and grasped them tightly, steadying herself as she began to shake, and make sounds of her approaching climax. "Ahh... ahhh... agghhh.... oh... oh... ohh... oh yes... oh yes... oh yes... yes, yes, yes, yes,yes, ahhhhh...." She had my shoulders in a vise-like grip. "Oh yes, yes, yes, oh I love you, love you, yes, yes. Yes..." Then she collapsed on to me, her chest pressed hard to me, her breathing hard. She was making little moaning sounds deep in her chest. Her legs gripped my body tightly. After perhaps a minute she began to relax. She rolled off me. Her face was flushed; it wore a weak smile. She looked spent, but she reached out to me, urging me to her. "Come in me, please," she said, opening her legs. I rolled between her legs, and moved my penis to her vagina, It was soaked, and I entered her easily. Her knees came up as she began to push back against my thrusts. Soon, too soon,  I felt my climax buiilding, and my sperm began pumping into her. I kept humping as long as could. I had this psychic need to ejaculate as much sperm as I could into her, even though we obviously weren't in the business of reproduction. For some odd reason I felt the desire to impregnate her, futile as that desire might be. When we had finished, I supported my weight on my elbows, but stayed on top of her. I enjoyed feeling my pubic hair against hers, and she didn't seem to mind. She was smiling up at me, a picture of contentment. Finally, she spoke. "Sorry, I didn't mean that." "Didn't mean what?" I asked. "The part about loving you." "I know," I replied, "but it was a pretty romantic thing to say in the heat of passion." "So it was," she said with a grin, "so it was, and at the split second when those word crossed my lips, they were accurate." I looked up at the sky. How curious to be out in the open, naked, with a woman you've just made love to. "You know Pam, every time I leave you, I decide to never see you again." "Really," she said, "why?" "Why do you think? There's no future in this, only risk." She raised her eyebrows, making her look like a mildly displeaserd professor. "What risk?" she asked, "I don't see any." I thought about this for a minute. Pam was one smart woman. Smart as in almost PhD.,'everything but her thesis' from Princeton in anthropology. That made her a whole lot smarter than I was, but I bit on her assertion. "You really don't see any risk in Raina finding out that we've been carrying on?" "I don't think there's much risk of her finding out," she said. "We don't carry on very often, though if I we could, I certainly would want to. I'd want you between my legs every night. You are as good a piece of ass as I have ever had, though I realize that I might wear you out at your age." Gosh, I thought, highly complimentary, and brutally honest. "You're not serious," I said. "Maybe not," she said, "but I don't want to give up our occasional rolls in the hay. Just so you know - there is no one else, and there hasn't been for over twenty, maybe twenty-five years." I was stunned. Pam might not be pretty in the classic sense, she might be a little heavy, but she was mighty sexy, mighty sensuous, might 'good looking', and should register that way to any single man. I guess that by her age, in fact by age forty, there aren't a whole lot of single men. I didn't know what Pam was like outside of the sex, but I imagined that she would be a pretty good catch. As a sex partner, she was as good as it got. Some of what we did I've not described, simply because it was too delicious to adequately describe. Perhaps at a later date I'll figure out how.

She rolled over to me and put her arms around me. We kissed, one of our very wet, very tongue filled kisses, that seemed to last forever, with neither of us willing to break it until one of us realized that we had been locked together forever. When we finally came apart she had another surprise for me. "I want to try something a little different," she said. "It's a little scary. Do you mind?" Assuming it wasn't motorcycle based sex, I couldn't imagine how scary it could be. "I don't mind. What is it." She got up and fetched something from her car, which she brought back. "Anal sex," she whispered, holdoing up a tube of K-Y Jelly. She sounded almot conspiratorial. "I thought that was something men were suppoised to want to push their women to try," I said. "Maybe, but it intrigues me. Are you game?" "Sure, I'm game, but I don't wan't to hurt you." She pushed me down on my back, and, holding me firmly down, explained exactly how things were to be done.

"This is not a mechanical exercise. I want you in my anus. I want you to come in my anus, and I want to come, so first I want you to eat me. When I've had enough, I'll tell you. Then I'll get on all fours. You put some K-Y on a finger, and grease the inside of my anus, then grease your penis really well. Spread my ass cheeks, and seat the head of you penis at the opening of my anus. This is where we have to be careful. When my anus feels your penis, it will contract. You need to gently press your penis on my anus for a bit, until I can relax it. You'll know it's relaxed if you keep constant, but genbtle pressure on. When it relaxes, the head of your penis will just start to enter. At that point, don't push very much, just keep slight pressure on, and you'll slip in. At that point, my anus will try to contract again. Just stay still until it relaxes, then start to fuck me gently. At that point, try to put your arms around me and play with my clitoris. I want to try to come while you are in my ass. I want you to come in my anus as well. This will not be a success unless I can feel your penis pulsing, thuen feel your sperm leaking out of my anus. If you slip out, you may not be able to get back in, so be careful. Once you ejaculate, try to stay in me as long as you can." She was like a general instructing troops. '...then start to fuck me gently..,' how romantic. She had clearly thought this out in every detail. I wondered how she could know all these things, but I didn't ask - yet. I grasped her shoulders and turned her over on her back, spreading her legs wide. I moved right to her vagina, tonguing her clit, gently for a moment, then more vigorously. She had just recently climaxed this way; I didn't see how she could take much, so I didn't wait very long. I pulled away. "Turn over on your hands and knees," I whispered. She smiled and complied. On the way over she handed me the tube of K-Y. I greased my index finger as well as I could, then placed it on her anus, giving it just a little gentle pressure. After a moment I heard her say "ahhh", and her anus relaxed enough for my finger to slip in. I inserted my finger all the way. "Oh God, that feels good," she said, "move it in me some more, please." Then "YES" as I did so. She pushed her butt up more to make it more accessible. "Now," she said, "I want you in me - you penis, please, now." I greased my penis, positioned myself behind her, and nested the head at her anus. At first it seemed my average organ was impossibly large to fit, but gentle pressure and plenty of lubrication made me slip in fairly quickly. I slipped the full length in immediatlely. "Oh yes," she said, "but be careful." I began to move slowly in her. It felt completely different than her vagina. I was very comscious of not wanting to hurt her, but I was starting to lose control, starting to move in automatic. I felt my climax building. I remembered that she'd wanted me to play with her, so I reached round for her clitoris, but it was too late. I ejaculated inside her what seemed like an enormous amount of sperm. I couldn't stop moving. I heard myself making sounds, but it was all beyond my control. When I was done, I pulled out and helped her onto the matress pad, where we cuddled for a bit, front to back, like spoons, my arm around her, resting on her stomach, my mouth nestled in her neck, occasionally giving her neck a gentle kiss. I could have stayed there a good long time. After a session of intense love making, Pam's scent was very intense, and I found it intoxicating, even if I was sexually spent.

"Well, did it meet your expectations?" "YOU did," she answered, "you definitely did." "Sorry I didn't get you to come," I said. "No matter. You had me so excited before that it wasn't going to happen anyway. But it was very exciting." I had to ask her something. "Why did you want to try this? Usually it's men who are interested in anal sex, and they have to talk the woman into it." "I'd read about it, and it seemed worth trying," she said "Was it?" "Sure," she answered, turning over on her back, staring at the sky. "Is it something you'd want to try again?" I wasn't sure whether I cared one way or the other, but I was curious about her. This seemed to be the first calculated bit of sex play between us. "Maybe," she said, in a pretty business-like manner. "Uh huh," I muttered. The whole thing had been a bit clinical for me. "Where did you learn about this?" I asked. "Research," she said, still gazing up at the sky. "I looked into it. Everything known to man is on the Internet, you know, and everything on the Internet is true." We both laughed. "Have you tried this with anyone else?" I asked. She kept staring up at the sky. "Your my only sex partner," she said.

To be continued