<!--ADULTSONLY-->
<meta http-equiv="pics-label" content='(pics-1.1 "http://www.icra.org/ratingsv02.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (cz 1 la 1 lb 1 lc 1 na 1 nb 1 nc 1 nd 1 ne 1 nf 1 ng 1 nh 1 ni 1 oa 1 ob 1 oc 1 of 1 og 1 oh 1 va 1 vb 1 vc 1 vd 1 ve 1 vf 1 vg 1 vh 1 vi 1 vj 1 vk 1) "http://www.rsac.org/ratingsv01.html" l gen true for "http://asstr.org" r (n 4 s 4 v 4 l 4))' />
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE=JavaScript SRC=http://www.asstr.org/scripts/common.js></script>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE=JavaScript SRC=http://www.asstr.org/scripts/scroller2.js></script>
<SCRIPT Language="Javascript">
<!--
runScroller();
//-->
</SCRIPT>
<pre>
Bath, the county of Avonshire, Sunday, April 12th, AD 1812.

Dear Alexander and Alberta!!

What I do actually hold to be true, is that not a single 
one of us should ever be held responsible for what happened.

And it most certainly is not about to serve any 
positive goal anyway.

What I mean by saying so, is this: I do not believe, 
that remorse and guilt would prove themselves to be 
of use to us, in coming to deal, in retrospect, 
either with my own actions or with any of yours. 
All three of us were drunk; in a matter of fact, I, 
for one, had been more severely drunk, than ever before 
in my life, and I do suspect, that the two of you can, 
very easily and truthfully, testify to the same declaration, 
with a similar amount of truth and accuracy.

So, it is all settled then: what has been done is now done, 
we were drunk, we might have done a terrible mistake, 
but feeling sorry about it is most definitely not going 
to help us solve our current  and severe  emotional 
trouble, so we should rather avoid such un-productive 
feelings and start thinking, instead, of a way to set 
things right.

So, let us start now with the facts: Fact one. I love you. 
Period. I love you both, much, much more, than any words 
would ever be able to say. My life would not have been 
worth living, without the two of you in it. So, the most 
important thing, for me however, is to preserve our close 
relationship, literally at any cost. I am willing to pay, 
whatever might ever be proved to be necessary for us, 
to forever remain as closely attached to each other, 
as we have been up until now.

Fact two. What happened last Friday-night, I believe, 
had been the most unfortunate result of a serious 
sexual tension between all three of us, a tension which, 
although completely undesirable, is undenyably there, 
deep in all three of us's hearts and which, once we had 
let down our normal daily guards, had been able to take 
an horrible advantage on us and drive us into lands which, 
although highly enjoyable at the time (and yes, as much as 
I feel it to be a most unpleasant thought, it is here, 
stand right infront of me, the other undenyable fact: 
at the actual time of our un-holy actions, I had actually 
enjoyed it. Sick? With no doubt so. Perverted? You are 
absolutely right. But this is the truth and, should we like 
to truly resolve our terrible problem, we must face it 
bravely, and the sooner we shall choose to actually dare 
open our eyes and do that, to actually look truth in the 
face and admit it, the better it is bound to set us free 
and we shall finally be able to move on with our 
relationship; do you not agree?), are nonetheless 
extremely un-desirable for us in retrospect. Just that. 
We are not meant to have such feelings among us, it is 
wrong and so, and since we now know, that our hearts 
have been  unknowingly to us  nurturing such un-desirable 
feelings, it is thus our prime duty, to each other as well 
as to ourselves, to be fast and efficient in divining 
highly efficient methods for combating them, up until 
they shall all disappear.

Other people, I assume, given the above extremely 
unfortunate facts, would have suggested, that  inspite 
of our mutual love and friendship for each other  we should 
all nonetheless stop seeing each other for a while. But 
I cannot suggest such a thing, eventhough deep in my heart, 
I know that by avoiding it, I may be doing us all 
an unforgivable and highly regrettable wrong, one which 
I am most obviously bound to regret in the very near future. 
But, still, even while knowing so, I just most literally 
cannot. I cannot say "good-bye" to you. You are my brother 
and sister. And nothing is ever going to change that 
not even us having been having been experiencing wrong, 
diabolic, un-holy, sick and most obviously perverted 
sexual intimacy with one another. We have committed one of 
the holy bible's most terrible of sins, most unforgivable 
and depraved. Does it mean we are, in fact, bad people? 
That I, having been by far the eldest among us, am to be 
blamed and trialed, for committing an act for which, for 
hundreds upon hudreds of years, had been punishable by death?

So, here is the most horrifying part: I do not know the 
answer, my loves. I mean, for the most obvious reason: my 
senior age of 21, I am most obviously much, much more to be 
blamed than any of you  since, being 13 and 12, none of 
you should assume any responsibility for these un-holy 
feelings, for those those disgusting, highly un-acceptable 
emotions.

So, the question at hand is, in fact: am I a truly 
vile person? A vermin?

Everything I have ever been taught, ever since I was born, 
tells me that I am, that I am not at all of the possession, 
even of the right to exist, under the bright sky 
of our Lord!! I should pray to Jesus to forgive me, but 
I doubt I deserve even his pity  me, an un-married hag 
of 21, who, instead of silently accepting her fate, 
is harbouring the most un-forgivable thoughts and desires, 
towards her own younger siblings  until the vagon has come, 
rushing crushing down the hill, and there is no way to 
stop it anymore!!!

Last night I was drunk. But, coming to think of it again, 
this is no excuse. I should still have known better, 
much better, than to allow myself to get so drunk, that I 
would actually be getting naked infront of my own brother 
and sister  and to commit such an unbelievable act of 
unimaginable vileness, with my own flesh and blood!!!

You are not to be blamed; But I am. I am hereby assuming 
a full responsibility for what happened last night. But  
but  I cannot leave you!!! I am sorry!!!

		Yours,
			Loving always,
				Your unbelievably sick sister,
								Livy.
