Stephanie's Confessions of Exhibition
byapplevalyan©

My name is Stephanie and I'm married to a wonderful man named Adrian. I'm 23 and he's 25. We are both an only child to Baptist Minsters in different churches in the same town. We met at a private school at his fathers' church went we were young. Our friendship grew over the years until we both admitted our love to each other when we were young teenagers. Both out parents tried to convince us we were too young to be in love but it never swayed our love to each other. When I was 17, we both knew we wanted to get married and I was surprised that neither of our parents tried to talk us out of it. We got married right after I graduated High School, a few months after I turned 18 years of age. Both our fathers performed the ceremony. Adrian's Father began it as mine walked me down the aisle. About halfway through, my father took over and finished it up. 

Of course I was a virgin on my wedding night, but I was more than ready to get rid of that tag. My mom convinced me to get on birth control pills a few months before my wedding and I'm glad she did because we were having sex two, three, or four times a day after that first night. Sex was great! I loved having his big 8 inch cock deep inside me. I knew it was big before we got married. I'd felt it up a few times but never seen it. We were both handzy before we married but our hands remained outside the clothing, although he did come once in his pants while I groped him. We feel asleep naked after a fun and exhausting wedding night. We both admitted sleeping and cuddling nude together felt great and have slept nude every night since then. We both admitted how nice it as to sleep nude and agreed we would never wear anything to bed again. Although it would have been naughty and probably pissed my parents off, I wished I had discovered the enjoyment of sleeping nude years earlier. 

We explored the internet, found and tried many forms of sex. Yes, we did it all. I loved it in all three of my holes. I found I had very little problem deep throating him after a few tries. I found I loved having his cock in my mouth and I didn't mind swallowing his cum. Taking him up my ass was a bit of a problem at first but we took our time and got it done with help of some K-Y gel and I now love having it up my ass. Having him in my pussy was never a problem unless not having him in there is a problem. I loved having his cock inside me, I found myself wanting his cock in me more than he could supply. We shaved my pussy bald soon after we seen how most girls were bald on the internet and we found we both like having it clean and smooth. Adrian has gotten better and better at eating my pussy. He tried before we shaved it and he says he likes it a lot better with no hair in the way. I think I do too. We saw girls using some dildos too and thought that could be fun so we ordered one about Adrian's size online. When it came in a few weeks later, we have made good use of it. I found I loved having two holes filled at once. 

On one of our trips to the internet, we came upon a video of girls wearing little to nothing in public and Adrian as me if I would be willing to do that. I immediately said 'No, never'. Adrian said that it was a shame; he would love to see me dress something like that someday. We were both raised very conservatively; he and I rarely wore shorts. My shortest dress back then was is a four inches above my knee. I had never gone braless in front of anybody, even at home around my parents. But back then in our new apartment, Adrian and I were nude most the time, it saved time when we wanted to have sex and we were having sex all over the apartment. 

One day when Adrian was at work, I was bored so I got on the internet and found Adrian had last visited a site about exhibitionist. It showed girls wearing extremely thin clothing in public and not wearing any underwear what-so-ever. This surprised me; I never knew girls ever dressed like that but for some reason unknown, I found it exciting. I watched video after video and I enjoyed watching the surprised and shocked faces of the men as the girls walked past them in thin tops with their breast showing through. I wondered if the men would look at me that way if I ever dressed that way. I found myself getting excited even thinking about it. I knew I loved Adrian looking at me with his looks of lust in his eyes as a walked naked in front of him, I enjoyed the feeling it gave me. I knew I could never walk almost naked in public like that. I then found videos of girls exposing bare breast and pussies in public. WOW! I could never do that! But somewhere deep inside, I knew I wanted to try it at least once in my life, just to see how it felt. Then from somewhere, I got an idea to taking baby steps. I could go braless at first in public. Wearing a thick shirt at first and then slowly progressing from there.

That afternoon I was very horny when Adrian came home, I surprised him buy meeting him at the front door naked and on my knees. I sucked him off, swallowed and kept sucking until he was hard again and turned around and placed my head on the floor with my ass in the air facing him. I was so horny I came twice before he did. I stayed naked the rest of the night. 

The next day it was cool and cloudy but I needed a few groceries and as I got dressed, I remembered the videos of the previous day and knowing nobody but I would know, I got dressed in a pair of jeans, with no underwear, a first for me and a large black t-shirt with no bra. My breasts are only a 34-B and Adrian has told me that I really don't need a bra for support. He has also said he wouldn't mind if I when braless in public once in a while. I was nervous a hell being dressed like this in public but I knew nobody would be able to tell I was pantiless, braless maybe but I doubted it. I got all my shopping done without any problems and was a little surprised at how comfortable I felt being dressed as I was, but when I got home I found my jeans had a wet spot where my pussy was. I was mortified and hoped nobody noticed it and then thought, "If someone did notice the wet spot, how would they know if it was my pussy leaking or if I had spilt my drink there." But knowing that I had just walked around in public without a bra on and no panties got me all horny. I quickly undress, which didn't take long, and masturbated for only the second time in my life. The first time was a week after we got married; Adrian suggested we both masturbated in front of the other. I didn't want to do that in front of him, but watching him jerking off for me and right in front of me turned me on a lot and I couldn't stop myself from doing it. I found playing with my pussy, quite enjoyable and watching a man jerk-off was awesome!

I decided not to tell Adrian of my going out without underwear yet. I felt I needed to try it a few more times before I let him in on it. For the next month to a month and a half, I didn't wear a bra or panties anywhere, except to church, until just before Adrian got home. I ended up masturbating everytime I got back home from shopping. One day I wore a white t-shirt without a bra and for the first time ever, a skirt without panties, my shortest skirt too, about four inches above my knees. I was very horny this time when I got home, just because I wore a skirt pantiless in public, and there was a package waiting for me, it was the dildo we ordered. I quickly opened the package, knowing I was going to put it to good use very quickly. That dildo, which looked almost like Adrian's dick, was much better than my fingers!

That night I showed Adrian the dildo and he asked me to use it for him as he watched and jerked off, I couldn't say not to that! I came before he did and when he said he was cumming, I quickly got between his legs and wrapped my mouth around his dick just as he came. I didn't want to waste any of his man juice.

The last time I went out commando before I let Adrian know, I wore a light yellow tank-top and a new short jean skirt. I had purchased them both on the previous shopping trip just for this event. Before I left the apartment, I checked myself out in the mirror. I could make out my areolas and easily see my hard nipples poking out at me and my new jean skirt was more than halfway up my thighs. I looked good and sexy if I say so myself! I had already decided I enjoyed wearing skirts pantiless. It was naughty and exciting at the same time. People had already noticed my hard nipples under my thin t-shirts and I found I enjoyed letting men see them hard so I thought the next step was letting them see my nipples a little. I decided to go to the local mall and just walk around a bit. I had been at the mall for a while and was getting very excited by all the looks cast my way. I could feel the slickness between my legs as I walked. It turned me on knowing I was wet. Since it was near lunch time I decide to hit 'Mickey D's' for a burger. 

I was about halfway through my burger when I noticed two guys sitting a couple tables away looking at me. I noticed one of them was looking under my table. I looked down and noticed my skirt was almost to my crotch. When I bought this skirt, I hadn't thought about sitting in it but for some reason I wasn't concerned about it. I bet the guy was trying to look up my skirt to see my panties, I had none on and this excited me. As far as I know, nobody had ever looked up my skirts or dresses before, this intrigued me. My legs were together but not tight together so I wasn't sure if he could see anything or not. I instantly could feel my nipples hardening and I looked down and noticed they were twice as big and twice as hard as they were when I checked them out at the house before I left. I looked and smiled at the guys as I finished my burger and drink. When I got up to leave, I couldn't stop myself from spreading my legs apart and purposely flashing those two cute guys my pussy as I slowly got up. I was trembling with excitement as I walked from the mall to my car. I couldn't believe I had just purposely flashed my pussy to two strange men and I had enjoyed it! I now knew why there were so many videos of women flashing there goodies on the internet. It is a big rush! I wanted to do it again! Once in my car, I lifted my skirt to my waist and masturbated to orgasm in the mall parking lot and again before I got home as I drove along the streets with my skirt still pulled up. I had never thought about masturbating in public before and that was just what I had done, even if it was in the privacy of my car. I got home a half-hour before Adrian and again he found me on my knees naked waiting for him, only this time with my dildo deeply embedded in my pussy, if he only knew why I was so horny. 

The next day was Friday and his birthday and we were going out to dinner that night, so I decide to surprise him. I wore one of his favorite dresses for him. It's a white flowered sundress, which I had worn strapless bras with before. It comes just above my knees but buttons all the way up the front. It had about twenty buttons up the front and I told him in the car as we were pulling out the driveway for dinner I had a surprise for him. When he asked what it was, I told him to check his watch right now and that every fifteen to twenty minutes; I would unbutton one button for him. He was to keep track of time and let me know when to unbutton one and to tell me whether it would be a top one or a bottom one. I told him I wouldn't hesitate or say no to him. His eyes went big and a big smile came across is face as he checked his watch and watched me as I undid three buttons at the bottom of the dress. What he didn't know was that I was naked under that dress and I couldn't wait to see his reaction when he found that out. I just wonder how unbuttoned I'll be when I walked out of the restaurant; my pussy is tingling already with the possibility of my public exposure. 

Fifteen minutes later, he said top button, I undid one, the next two were top buttons, and the next three were bottom buttons, making 6 on the bottom now, as I said, I undone three in the car as we left the house. He knew after the third button on top I was braless. He said he loved me for doing that for him and kissed me. We finished our dinner and as I stood he said, "Button time, you decide this time." Standing beside the table, I reached down, stopped and smiled at him and then reached up and unbuttoned a top one. I was now open to just below my breast. It was quite obvious I was braless now. I walked out of the restaurant with ten of the twenty buttons on my dress unbuttoned but I wasn't really showing anything but a little cleavage and some leg as I walked.

He asked out in the parking lot if I was ready to go home. I looked at him and told him "no, not really." I looked towards the river behind the restaurant and said, "It's such a lovely night, how about a short walk along the Riverwalk?" He said that sounded like good idea. A few minutes later a heard a buzz from his pocket, the timer on his cell-phone going off. "Is the deal still good?" He asked. I reached up and undid another top button. During the walk the next two were bottom buttons. I was now unbuttoned to my crotch but he still didn't know I was pantiless. I did thought, the wind had picked up a little and was teasing my wet pussy and it felt great. We stopped ever so often and kissed, he did put his hand inside my top and caresses my breast a few times and I never stopped him or protested the public groping, another new first, and I liked it. The next three buttons were from the top. I was now unbuttoned to my waist. The wind was playing peak-a-boo with my tits and I made no attempt to cover them up, much to Adrian's approval. The few passersby's didn't seem to mind the view either. The first time anybody but Adrian had ever gotten a look at my tits, even if it was a quick flash by the wind. I on the other hand loved my near public nudity and with only four buttons left, if I wasn't home in an hour, the dress would be wide open! 

The buzzer went off again, Adrian said bottom, and I unbuttoned it. Adrian reached down saying, "I bet your panties are getting wet." The look on his face was priceless and just what I had hoped for. His eyes got big and his mouth opened. "My God Stephanie, when did you take off your panties?"

"I didn't wear any tonight. I hope you don't mind. It's just another surprise for you birthday. Please don't get mad." I said.

"Me mad? Hell No. I love it! I hope you'll do it more often. It's got me horny as hell right now. If we could get away with it, and if I knew you'd let me, I'd fuck you here and now." Adrian proclaimed.

I reached down right there in the middle if the walkway and unbuttoned the rest of the dress and opened it wide for him, showing him my total nakedness, I then let the dress go and turned and walked about twenty feet and sat on the edge of a picket table with my dress and legs spread wide and said to him, "Come here big man, I'm horny as hell too. Don't make me wait too long for that fucking. I want it as bad as you do."

That was our first public sex. Yes, I said our first. We have had sex outside in many daring locations over the few years since we've been married and have been seen a couple times. I told Adrian about my experimentation of going without underwear in public on the way home and he didn't get mad. He did dare me to completely remove my dress and ride the rest of the way home naked. I did and I loved it! He fucked me again over the hood of the car in the apartment parking garage when we got home. When done, I surprised him and me too, when I gave him my dress and walked naked to our apartment with his cum dripping from my pussy and running down my legs. It didn't happen but I was hoping someone would catch me walking in public naked. 

Who would ever guess that within a year of getting married, I would go from a conservative preacher's daughter to a horny, nudist and exhibitionist and loving every minute of it? I have no regrets with what I have done. Adrian approves and loves when I do it. 

I'm lucky my mother was into sewing and taught me a few things about it when I was younger. I altered [shortened] a few of my older skirts and dresses and made me a couple pair of shorts from some old wore-out jeans. I eventually made those first shorts into some short short-shorts. One pair of jeans I had put away never to wear again because of holes that had worn through where I sat but now they were perfect for what I wanted. I eventually cut them off so short, the bottoms of my ass cheeks showed. Adrian got some sandpaper and rubbed where the holes had started to make them even bigger for me, and since I didn't wear underwear under them, this allowed my bare ass cheeks to show though them. He and I both loved them. He liked putting a finger or two though the holes as we walked around touching my bare ass. I loved him touching my ass so I never stopped him. We even ripped the side seams up to about four inches from the waistband.

I found out that Adrian can be a bit kinky at times. It didn't really bother me though; I turned me on on a few occasions. After a couple years of marriage, he suggested blindfolding me and tying me to the bed. I told him that sounded crazy but he pleaded with me until I gave in. I'm glad I did, it was fun. He kept me naked and in the bed all day one Saturday, except to lead me to the bathroom and kitchen to eat. He even fed me while I was blindfolded. I never knew what he was going to do to me or when and where, I guess that was the thrilling part. He did screw me a lot that day but not all to completion, he left me short of orgasm more than once. He took me all over the house, once I could feel the sun on my side so maybe we were near the living room window, I don't know and he wouldn't tell me. This was just as I was getting into my exhibition stage and I did concern me a bit that someone could see me naked but I was so worked up I let it ride. 

Another time I remember was a few weeks after we had made my short-shorts with the holes in them, Adrian said he had an idea for another modification. He had me put them on and he pressed his finger on the ass until he found where my asshole was. He marked it and had me remove them. He then cut a hole where he marked and had me put them back on. He then reached behind me and put his finger in the hole and into my hole. I liked it! We have been in public when he has inserted his finger inside me as we stood still. I told you he was a bit kinky but I get worked up when I see him put a little lube on his finger and then I can hardly wait for his finger to penetrate my asshole in public.

We love to go to the mall or fast food restaurants with me wearing one of my new very short skirts or dresses and flashing my pussy as we were eating. If I'm not wear a dress or skirt, I'll be wearing one of my tight short-shorts pantiless with one of my low cut or sheer tops braless. This of course gets us both worked up and we have had sex many times in the car in the parking lot not caring if it day or night. A few times there were too many people around to have car sex so I would give him head on the way home. I found I like doing that too. There have been days when I didn't need to leave the house at all and since I sleep nude, I'd get up and remain nude all day. I found I prefer being nude and will remain that way whenever possible. I have even met the pizza boy at the door naked a couple times, while Adrian was there of course! I did keep one of Adrian's big tank-tops near the front door just in case I had a delivery. It came to my upper thighs but the large armholes did little to conceal my breast, and I didn't try to, from the delivery man as I turned and twisted. 

We found a nude beach a few hours away and have made many trips there. Adrian was a bit shy getting naked in public at first but has slowly come around. I on the other hand enjoyed it immensely. I loved being naked outside for hours! I also tan nude in my backyard now regularly. 


On our third anniversary, we went on a 7 day Caribbean cruise. I didn't pack any bras or panties. The only swimsuits I wore were tiny 'Wicked Weasel' g-string bikinis Adrian ordered online for me. All my dresses were short to very short and a couple of them were quite sheer. My one dress for evening dress-up night showed as much skin as it covered. I even dared to tan topless the last two days on the ship up in the adult's only deck.

I've lost count of how many men have seen my bare tits or pussy since I love to flash as often as I can. No one but Adrian has touched me. I won't allow that. I loved being looked at but I don't want to let anyone touch me but Adrian. He can touch me while others watch, I like that! We just recently downloaded some photos of me onto the internet, we may add more.

Believe it or not, Adrian and I still believe in God and still go to our parent's churches regularly. I just don't wear anything under my parent approved dresses. I believe it's not what you wear or don't wear; it's what you believe in your heart that counts!

I've just recently been accepted to nursing school in a town about 100 miles away. We are going to move nearer to the school. The company Adrian works for is working with him. They are going to transfer him to one of their businesses over there. Great! Another really good thing is that this move will put us only a half-an-hour from our favorite nude beach. Whoopee! Plus now I won't have to worry about running into someone from one of our churches when I'm out on the town almost naked. Sound like a win/win situation to me. The one thing I want to do on that beach, and I haven't told Adrian yet, is to have sex on the beach and have people watch me getting fucked.

