                            Panty Raid
                         by Rachel Taylor

  I'd like to recount an interview conducted by my husband at
  his request. I had been pretty wild in my college days and he
  had asked her for any particular memories that stood out. I
  said I would never forget one unusual night just prior to exam
  period of my junior year . . .
  
  
  
  Q. What was your mood that evening?
  
  A. A bit depressed -- you might recall our relationship had
      just started at that time and we weren't steadies. You
      were traveling with your team, in any case, and I was
      suffering from lack-a-nookie! I had not had sex in more
      than two weeks and that's about 14 more days than I like.
      My hormones were raging a tad. Depressed probably isn't
      quite the right word -- let's face it, I was utterly HORNY!
  
  Q. How did you plan to deal with it?
  
  A. I considered masturbation and thought I might give myself
      a cheap thrill just before calling it a night -- but I
      WANTED the REAL thing. I'd persuaded myself to cruise down
      to the student union building and check things out.
  
  Q. Looking for someone in particular?
  
  A. No one in particular. I touched up my makeup and picked
      out a sexy outfit.
  
  Q. What did you wear?
  
  A. I wore the clothes that always got you so worked up. The
      white push-up bra with lace trim under a green satin
      blouse tucked into a short leather skirt. I wore plain
      white cotton bikini panties and high heels. It had been a
      gorgeously warm spring and I felt my legs were tan enough
      to do without panty hose. I left the top three buttons
      undone which exposed enough cleavage to guarantee some
      attention.
  
  Q. Yes, I remember that blouse well. What was your first
      indication something unusual was going on?
  
  A. I heard a commotion outside the residence. When I opened
      the window I heard yells of "panty raid" and I saw a small
      group of college boys running toward our building.
  
  Q. Your reaction?
  
  A. Surprise - I would have thought the presence of the other
      coed residences on campus would have put an end to this
      practice. You recall that my residence was one of the last
      female-only residences. My guess is the boys were trying
      to blow off some of the exam time pressure that usually
      leads to these crazy stunts.
  
     I tried to close the window but had trouble getting it to
      relatch. By the time I crossed my room to lock the door, I
      heard heavy footsteps at the top of the stairway across
      the corridor. I just had the door closed and was turning
      the lock, when the door and I were roughly pushed back. I
      was knocked over, and landed in an awkward position for a
      lady wearing a short skirt.
  
  Q. I take it this was not one of your girl friends.
  
  A. That's right! One of the raiders made it in.
  
  Q. What did he do?
  
  A. Well I expected he would head straight for my dresser to
      claim his trophy. Apparently, the surprise at running into
      me had slowed him down. I looked up at him and saw his
      eyes study my figure, then my face and then stare quite
      openly between my legs.
  
  Q. Were you angry?
  
  A. Initially, but I did not immediately jump up to berate
      him. I was amazed at how brazen he was in checking me out
      and the longer I watched the more amused I became. Perhaps
      a bit turned-on as well. Maybe my need was far too obvious
      to him. For a random encounter, this guy was not bad-
      looking. Probably a year or two younger than me but a nice
      enough face, if somewhat leering. He had a tall fit body a
      lot of self-confidence which  I find very sexy.
  
  Q. How long did all this go on?
  
  A. Well, it seemed like a long time but I'm sure it was less
      than a minute -- enough time for me to do some crotch
      watching as well. His cock was visibly outlined against
      his tight denim jeans and was beginning to swell. He began
      to smile as he realized his arousal was known to both of
      us. I asked him: "What the hell do you think you're
      doing?"
  
     "I'm here for some panties," he replied. "There's a free
      case of beer for the guy that brings back the sexiest
      pair."
  
     "I'll find you something," I muttered, and added, "and then
      get out of here."
  
     I went to my dresser to look for a pair I no longer wear,
      but he interrupted: "Excuse me -- I've seen the pair I'd
      like already."
  
     I felt my heart jump into my throat. My already-moist
      pussy began to ooze more steadily and I knew my panties
      would be soaked within a few minutes.
  
  Q. I take it then you had decided to go for it?
  
  A. Yes, but I didn't want to make it too obvious.
  
     I asked him "What makes you think that pair would win any
      prizes?"
  
     He answered, "Our judging committee favours wet over
      frilly."
  
     "You want me to wet my pants for you?" I asked.
  
     "I think you're already wetting your pants for me," he
      said as he turned and locked my door.
  
     "You've got a helluva lot of nerve! What makes you think
      you're going to get this pair? It appears to me that
      you're the one that seems excited."
  
     He smiled again and began to unbuckle his belt. He slowly
      pulled his fly down and stepped out of his jeans. He had
      on jockey shorts and his cock was straining against them
      in a very impressive display.
  
     "This, you mean?" he asked as he began to caress his cock
      through the cotton material.
  
  Q. He did indeed seem to have a lot of nerve.
  
  A. Yes, but I was too distracted to kick him out. I decided
      to offer a deal.
  
     "You can have my panties," I said, "but it will cost you."
  
     He asked what I wanted, and I told him he'd have to jack
      off in front of me. I had often wanted to see how men do
      it, but had been too embarrassed to ask. This one agreed
      quickly. I lay back upon my bed and propped my head up
      with some pillows to watch him perform. He kicked his
      sneakers off, removed his socks and pulled his sweatshirt
      over his head. He had a great upper body. I had a vague
      recollection of seeing him down at the weight room a few
      times I had gone there to meet you.
  
     He stood at the foot of the bed and again began to stare
      up my skirt. He continued to stroke himself though his
      briefs and his cock began to strain against the elastic
      waistband. He cupped his balls and slowly drew his folded
      hand up and down the length of his prick. I was developing
      a strong interest in seeing him fully naked. I drew my
      knees up, reached between my legs and began to rub my clit
      through the cotton of my panties, mimicking his actions.
      My panties were definitely becoming prize winners. I
      spread my knees apart and pulled my skirt up to my waist.
  
     He began to jerk his hand more rapidly and each down
      stroke exposed the head of his circumcised cock. I slipped
      my hand inside my panties and began to rub my clit with a
      gentle left and right motion. My pussy lips were hot and
      engorged and my fingers became very slick from the
      lubrication.
  
     "Show me your breasts," he ordered.
  
     I began to fulfill his wish. I undid the remaining
      buttons, rose to my knees and shrugged the blouse off my
      shoulders. I didn't take my bra off right away but instead
      rolled my shoulders inward and pushed my full breasts
      together. I began to pinch my erect nipples between thumb
      and forefinger and cup my hands around my breasts.
  
     "Please -- take it off," he asked in a hoarse voice.
  
  Q. Who's in charge now?
  
  A. Exactly - I became more confident and assertive as I saw
      him begin to weaken from lust. My bra opened from the
      front so I undid the hook with one hand while continuing
      to cover my breasts with the other. I dropped my bra on
      the floor, stood up straight and walked toward him -- my
      breasts still hidden.
  
     I turned around so my back was to him and reached behind
      me to undo the zipper of my skirt. I let the zipper out
      halfway so my skirt fell from my waist and caught around
      my hips which I began to rotate in as sexy a manner as I
      can manage.
  
     I felt his hands tug my skirt off so I spun around quickly
      and warned him, "Hands off, mister!" He was taken aback
      but not so much so that his eyes didn't quickly become
      riveted on my naked tits.
  
     "Get on with it," I ordered as I sat on the foot of the
      bed, my face now just inches from his still covered cock -
      - "And we can do without these," I added as I pulled his
      briefs down to his ankles.
  
     His cock was magnificent! What a waste I thought, as only
      his hand was enjoying each thrust. Nevertheless, I lay
      back fascinated and once again slid my hand inside my
      panties. He must have been near agony watching me, as my
      pussy was just inches from his hard full prick.
  
     We jerked off in unison for a short while but I held
      myself back.  He too seemed to keep himself in check which
      I took as a personal challenge. I sank to my knees before
      him and replaced his hand with both of mine. His cock was
      rock hard. I brought my face near him and pressed the
      length of his shaft against one cheek and then the other.
      I took in his male odor and marveled at how it stirred me.
      I drew the head of his cock across my parted lips and then
      repeated the motion but this time pressing the underside
      of the head against the breadth of my tongue. He tasted
      salty -- I tightened my grip on his shaft and pulled and
      released, pulled and released. I took the tip of his cock
      between my lips and slid my mouth down his length to meet
      my fingers. I continued with a combined hand and blow job
      -- my hands wrapped tightly around the base of his cock,
      my lips warm and wet around the head. My head bobbed in
      rhythm to the stroke of my hands. At the top of each
      stroke I opened my mouth wider for a moment to swirl my
      tongue around the circumference and then closed my mouth
      tight again as I took him in deeper.
  
     He began to move his hips and I synchronized my actions to
      let him dictate the needed pace. He placed his hands
      behind my head and began to fuck my mouth but with a
      gentle shallow stroke. I grabbed his ass with both hands
      and pulled him closer letting him know that I could take
      more. His cock became slick with saliva -- I closed my
      mouth  to provide a tighter feel. I felt completely
      transported. I was positive he could not be enjoying the
      moment anymore than I was when he proved to the contrary.
      I felt his cock begin to throb and moments later a strong,
      powerful stream of semen hit the back of my throat
      followed by another spurt onto my tongue. I swallowed what
      I could but kept my lips tightly wrapped about him as he
      continued to thrust and come. Finally his movement slowed
      -- I broke contact and looked up at his satisfied face.
  
     I gave him a a few moments and then stood and gave him a
      deep French kiss - letting him taste his own cum on my
      tongue. As we continued to kiss I pressed my firm breasts
      against his hard body and continued to knead his ass with
      my fingertips. I noted with pleasure that he still had a
      partial erection -- I began to grind my crotch against his
      and felt a further response as he quickly became hard
      again. I moved one hand between us and slid it down his
      tight belly and began to stroke him anew.
  
     I lay back on my bed,  quickly pulled my legs up, cast my
      panties off and spread my knees wide again. We were
      finally both naked. I knew I was only seconds from climax.
  
     "Do it!" I begged him, and in no time I felt my lips
      stretch as he plunged sweetly inside me. He thrust rapidly
      and waves of pleasure began coursing through my entire
      body -- one after another -- each more intense than the
      last. He kept pumping and my orgasm did not abate. Weeks
      of tension and frustration seemed to melt away from me
      with each crest of climax. I screamed out in absolute
      passion which set him off again. I heard a low groan come
      from within him. He slammed his cock into me even harder
      and I exploded one last time as I felt his hot cum splash
      inside me for a second time.
  
     Later he parted, passion-soaked undies in hand.
  
     I never learned his name nor got together with him again.
      I did catch his eye onetime at a beer garden and saw him
      tip a bottle at me with a wink. I'd go back to college
      again in a minute if another panty raid were part of the
      reunion.
  
  Q. Think you could still fit into that green blouse?
  
  A. It might be around here somewhere -- let me have a look . . .
