
Indian Incest Family II 

By Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

In part I you read about the accidental initiation of Raj and Ravali, brother and sister into incest. Now lets go further and see how they involved other members too. By the way Ravali and her mom Kavita had friendly relations and Kavita was fond of watching blue films. And Ravali used to bring those CDs for her! This was even before, Ravali seduced her brother, and that was the reason why she was so hot that day, she watched the movie! 
On the fourth day from the encounter with her brother Ravali was determined to include her mother, Kavita, into the incest and had promised Raj that she will. So she thought of a plan to seduce her mother into this. Ravali had strong feeling to seduce her mom and to involve her into sex with Raj. She thought of a nice plan and today was to implement it. 
It was Saturday and Ravali came from her hospital duty in the night at about 9 PM. Raj was also at home and was studying. After taking dinner with all the family members, Ravali retired to their bedroom for some study and sleep. Both Ravali and her mom Kavita slept in the same bedroom on different beds. Never till now Ravali was so excited with the idea of seducing her own Mom and hence her choot was dripping with juice and she had to rub it often for release. Finally her mother Kavita came to the bedroom to sleep and asked Ravali how the day was for her. Kavita was beautiful with round face, while skin and same looks as those of Reema Lagu. She had nice figure with 38 D boobs, small waistline and big heavy ass of 41 inches. She looked 7-8 years younger than her age and all thought that she was Ravalis elder sister. She was sexy and hot, loved to watch xxx movies and hence always hot. Today she had though of getting her body massaged from Ravali as she felt some body pain and had so many tensions. 
Ravali said,  Mom I am worried about my figure. I feel that I have smaller breasts. You have much bigger than mine. When will I develop them like yours? I am really worried! Please help me. 
 Ohhh! My baby! How to tell you? I think you have nice breasts, better than mine. Mine are bigger but you know they are not hard but sag a bit. I feel that yours are harder and more solid. 
 Ohhh Mom! I never looked at them from that angle. I also dont know the difference between hard and soft breasts as I never touched any breast other than mine> will you please guide me? 
OH do you want to feel my breasts and compare them with yours? But I feel shy. How to do it baby? Ok if you want to feel them go ahead but I feel so. U know what? Shy and Ohhh how to tell you? 
Ravali jumped at the opportunity and went to Kavita looking at her breasts that were visible over her gown. They seemed much bigger than hers and she touched them slowly, just feeling them with flat of her hands. Kavita shivered with the touch of Ravali and moaned,  Ohhh Ravali! You make me feel tipsy! I dont know whether we should go ahead. Oh I feel something different. 
 Mom why dont you free your breasts so that I can examine them. You know I am a medico so dont feel shy before me. I am your daughter too. 
Now Kavita started to unbutton her gown and soon her breasts were naked before her daughter. They were huge and looked fleshy with big aureoles crowning them. The shape was conical and they sagged a bit with the weight of the flesh on them. The aureoles were black, big, almost the size of old rupee and had rough surface. Her nipples were long and thick. Kavita felt waves pass through her body, the lost feeling she yarned for. But she thought Ravali is her own daughter and how she felt this tipsy with her touch? Nonetheless she was a woman and had same feelings as any other. 
Ravali stared at her mothers breasts and said,  Ohhh Mom You have huge breasts! They are still nicely shaped and Ohhh! They excite me too so what about other males? she said teasingly. 
 Ravali! I havent felt any hand on these for last many years and your touch excited me. I am sorry for this. Can you please massage my body as you have now seen those breasts of mine 
 Ohhh I would love to Mom! I am there to help you too. Come on let me rub your body and relax you. But mom please remove all of your clothes so that I can rub without any hindrance. 
And Kavita gladly discarded her gown and lay totally naked on the bed waiting for Ravali to start. Ravali too shredded her clothes on the pretax that they will be spoiled. Ravali thought to start from the breasts and caught her mothers boobs in her hands and kneaded them, judging the hardness they had. Her mother moaned and pushed her boobs towards her daughter so that she could handle them freely. Ravali pressed the boobs together and looked at the cleavage they made. Her own boobs were heaving with excitement and danced on her chest as she moved her hands. It was wonderful sight and Ravali thought how Raj would love to feel them up. This thought made her more wild and she kneaded them hard, with all her strength. Kavita moaned loudly,  Ohhh my daughter! You do this so nicely. Come on rub them! Feel their softness and remove the heat with your soft hands. Ravali was already excited and the idea that her hands made her mother feel nice made her rub more. She rubbed the nipples between her thumb and forefinger and made them stand proudly. Kavita was moaning with pleasure and asked her daughter to rub her stomach and belly. Ravali slowly moved her hands from her chest to her stomach and rubbed the sides with her hands, making the tense muscles relax. Then she rubbed her belly too and traveled to her pubic region and felt the curly pussy hairs covering the slit of her mother. Ravali felt her own body getting tense as waves of lust passed through it. 
 Ohhh! Its real pleasure Mom to rub your body! Why did you not tell me earlier? What do you think about Raj? Would you like him to rub your body the way I am doing? Ravali. 
 Oh Baby! I would love to! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh ! just the thought of him rubbing my body makes me sssssssoooo h..ott. How should I make him do it? Ohhh please do something now I am so sexited! 
Ravali had judged her mother well and now she wanted her mom to be more ht for further things. So she pushed her finger in the mature slit of her mom and started to explore the hidden depths of her cunt.  Ohhh mom! Let me massage your hole from inside. Ohhh you are so wet Mom! Just the thought of Raj made you this much wet so what will be the condition when he really does you? Ohhh press my boobs MOM they need some attention. OHHH Mommmmmmmm! You are so lovely! Ohhh GOD! I am fingering my MOM! Yes press the boobs! Ohhh rub the nipples! 
Now both Mother and daughter were really hot and grabbed each other, forgetting the massage and Ravali brought her choot on her mothers mouth in a classic 69. Both the mother and daughter started to feast on the wet choots as if they were very hungry for it. 
Raj had an idea that this will be happening today, as Ravali had given him the signal, so he tiptoed and went to the bedroom where this hot love was going on between his sister and mother. He stood in the door and watched the two women busy in the passionate lovemaking. He could not control himself and slowly went to the entangled pair. While going there he had got rid of all his clothes and did not waste any precious time for this. The two women did not sense his presence as both had their mouths in each others pussies. He saw his mother lying there with her legs spread and his sister was ardently sucking on her engrossed clit. His sister was lying on top of his mother and had her choot directly on her moms face; her ass presented a nice target for the young boy. He went near Ravalis as and started to caress her round ass cheeks. Ravali jumped at the touch and recognized that her brother had indeed joined the game. She took her mouth away from her mothers choot (Cunt) and welcomed him, Ohh Raj. Welcome to the family feast. Your mother is waiting for your nice big hard 8-inch lund (cock). So dont waste time and give it to her. Ohhh Mom suck Rajs lund. He is waiting for it for a long time. Suck it. Ohhh all in the family! 
Kavita looked up from her daughters choot at Raj, Ohhh Come here son. Give me that rod of yours. Ohhh god thanks to Ravali. 
Kavita grabbed Rajs cock with her fist and put her mouth to the mushroom shaped cock head, moving her tongue expertly over the sensitive skin. Raj shuddered at the sensation and said,  Ohh mom! My Randi! My whore! Sali mere Lund ke liye taadap rahi thi! Le chal mera mota Lund choos! Hey Ravali meri gand chaat Randi! (Whore u were dying for my big hard cock, come on suck it slut! Come on sis my whore lick my asshole). 
Kavita , excited by the dirty language used by her son bit his cockhead excitedly and then sucked it in her mouth. Just like an ice-cream cone she sucked the cockhead and moved her tongue over the lower side of the cock. Raju urged his sister Ravali, to lick his asshole and Ravali too spreading his ass touched her pointed tongue over the wrinkled hole. Raj was enjoying this duel pleasure from his mom and sis and thrust his ass forward, pushing his cock in the hungry mouth of his mother. Kavita gagged at the sudden intrusion of the cock but soon adjusted her mouth, taking firm grip over the monster. Let me tell you the position this lusty family had assumed. Kavita was lying on her back and Raj sat on her huge melons pushing his cock in her mouth, while Ravali had her boobs resting on her mothers cunt and was licking her brothers asshole. The trio soon was in a frenzy of lust and Kavita sucked on her sons cock 
Ohhh Mom! Suck my lund! Ooohh your mouth is so hot like a choot (cunt) Ohhh ahhhhh come on tickle my balls. Fondle them! yaaaa like that. Come on sis jab your tongue in my shitty asshole. Yessss! Push it inside! Ohhhh GOD! Sssooooo nniiccee! Yehhhhhh! Suck on my dick whore! Yaaaahhhhhhh! Make me spurt! In your slutty mouth. 
Kavita judged that her son was about to spurt his seed and she increased her tempo, moving her mouth over his entire lund fast and deep. Ravali was excited herself, and sought release by pushing hr fingers in her dripping choot. She moved her fingers fast and almost like cleaning utensils and her entire hand was coated with her love honey. The game ended when Raj spurted his semen inside his mothers mouth. The slut mom swallowed as much as she could and come dripped from the corners of her mouth. Ravali saw this and came to Kavits licking away all the dripping come and then kissing her own mother to exchange the seed of her brother. Now Rajs cock was shrinking and still both the cunts were on fire. The two ladies moaned desperately and grabbed Rajs shrinking cock and started to rub it in their hands. Kavita had one more place to make his cock hard, her huge boobs! She asked Ravali to push her melons together and place Rajs cock in the cleavage. Raj understood this and was excited to have the feel of the luscious flesh on his cock. This was his dream and had told Ravali many times as they both fucked and Ravali knew this and smiled mischievously. 
Raj nw sat on his mothers belly and Ravali placed his cock between the bobs of her mother and pressed them on the rod. Rajs cock jumped at the touch and he urged Ravali to roll the boobs of his mother so that they would massage his cock. Ravali did this and Kavitas boobs now rolled over her sons cock making it hard slowly. Ravali saw the cock hardening and smiled,  ohhh mom see his cock its hardening! Ohhh Raj is so young and his cock is so happy with the touch of your boobs! Ohhh now lets fuck him. Both of us! Ohhhhh I just cant wait to have him in my choot! Ohhhh Raj! 
 I know you want my cock slut! And mom too! You both are mad after my lund. Now I want to fuck my aunt, Vasundhara! She is hotter than you both. I watched her boobs! My god! They are so huge! And her ass! Ohhh great! Can you bring her to me? Ohhh How I want to fuck her too! 
Ravali and Kavita were excited with the idea of making Vasundhara join the fun and this made Ravali very hot and she climbed over her mothers body and placed her ass on the boobs and over the flesh covered cock of Raj. Kavitas boobs flattened with the weight and pressed more over the now Rock hard cock of her son. Raj asked his sister to lift her ass a bit so that he could place his cock in the cleavage of the ass and also over the fleshy bobs of his mother. What an imagination! Now Rajs cock was tickled from the top by Ravalis ass and from below by Kavitas boobs. Raj was I heaven as he had found all the sex he needed in his own house and in the family itself. He felt proud of his mother and sister for being so nice to him. As Ravali lifted her ass a bit further, Raj pushed his cock in the cleavage deeper to seek the love hole of his sisters choot. Soon he found it and thrust further making his entry in the small fuck hole. Now Ravali had to bend forward to allow Raj to push his cock in her own excited choot, right over their moms boobs. Soon Raj had his cock buried in the depths of his sisters choot and started to fuck her slowly. Kavita was observing this and she caught her melons and rubbed them on the ass of Raj, tickling his dancing balls as he fucked his pole into the choot of Ravali. Ohhhh Raj was pleasured by these women of his family like no woman could do. Ravalis boobs now danced with the rhythm of the fucking over the face of her mother and Kavita could not control her temptations to suck on them, lifting her mouth for that purpose. 
The tempo of fucking increased and all the three were making all kinds of sexy noise and dirty dialogues  chodo sale( fuck ) chal Randi aapni gand hila aur aapne beti ke mamme choose ( come on move your ass and suck the tits of your daughter)  chal mere bete! Chod aapni bahan ko. Sali ki choot bahoot phadphada rahi hai( come on son fuck your sister. Her cunt is very hot for you)  le Randi choos mere mamme ( come on whore suck my boobs) Sali muze bachpan me aapna doodh pila rahi thi le aab mera doodh pii!( you used to give me milk in my childhood! Now drink milk from my boobs mom) behanchod sale harami chod Sali ko! Chod! Sali aapne bhai se chudwati hai! Chod!( come on sister fucker! Fuck that bitch! Getting own brothers cock)  Ohhh Le mera lund harami! Chodu bahan! Sali aapne ma se bhi jaada chudakkad hai( take my cock slut! You are more slutty than your mom) Ohhhhh Phad dal meri choot ko aur phir ma ki gand mar! oohhhhh bhadwe! Chod muze. Ohhhhhhh sale jaldi se mera pani chootne wala hai. ( Tear my cunt! And then fuck your mom in the ass. OHHH fuck me! I am going tooo comeeee) 
The incestuous trio went into delirious orgasm with Ravali coming like broken dam and Raj pushing his cock deep in his sisters cunt and spunking. Kavita came too with the rubbing of her boobs on her sons gand and balls. She was a great comer! Her entire body heaved up and then she fell on the bed again, her body totally limp. Ravali collapsed on her moms boobs and Raj lay face down on Ravalis back, panting with all the exertion of fucking. Ravalis cunt was dripping with her own come and that of her brother and it all fell down on their mothers boobs. Ravali pressed her ass on her mothers breasts and rubbed the come allover the melons and the boobs looked shiny with the come. Ravali did not waste it but she licked off every drop of the precious come off her mothers boobs. They All lay in a heap of bodies struggling to get some air into the lungs , an incestuous air that kept them alive and active. 
After this Kavita had not had Rajs cock and so she demanded her share from him. He was really limp but could not refuse his mothers request and asked both of the ladies to give him some piss show. So Ravali sat on her mothers mouth with her hips parted and lifted her ass and let out yellow stream of hot piss directly over her mothers mouth,  come onm slut drink that golden piss of your daughter! Oohhhhhh Ravali piss on her entire body! I want to se her getting hot piss bath! Oohhhhhhh! You are making me hard again! Piss on that slut of mom! Yyeesssss! See how she is slurping on that! Ohhh what a slut our mom is! Make her roll into your hot piss! Ohh yes! Raj was murmuring as he watched this show. Kavita was too enjoying this and she pushed her boobs in the golden stream of her daughters piss. The piss tickled her nipples and flowed down like water from the mountains. Now Ravali lay on her back on the piss soaked bed and Kavita pissed in her mouth and on her body. Both the ladies were wet with piss and raj could smell the exciting odor from the combined piss. His cock was now steel hard and he immediately made his mother bend and inserted his cock in her tight asshole. Kavita had nice big asshole to accommodate her sons cock as he pushed further to seek the inner depths of her shithole. Avail caught the hanging boobs of her mother and with the flat of her hand hit them to make them sway from side to side in addition to the fucking motion they had acquired. 
Raj had his dream fulfilled now and was excitedly fucking his mothers ass. He smacked her ass cheeks as he fucked and even held them to support his thrusts. Kavita was moving her ass back in rhythm to her sons ramming and this made her take all the 8 inches in her big ass. The tight shit hole did wonders on his cock and he could not stand the rubbing of the hot muscular hole on his cock. He lunged forward and emptied his balls into the shit hole of his mother for the first time. Kavitas shit hole was now full of her sons sperm and Ravali offered to lick out all the come her brother had deposited there. 
They took some rest and decided something more. To involve Radhika , Manohar and Vasundhara they made some thinking and Ravali took the lead to do all this. 
Friends! Let me end the part II here and in the next part I will narrate how Ravali involved Radhika in the game and later who involved whom???? Please wait for the next parts. 
Visit my homepage at http//jeevan80.nightsites.com for more stories and also classified personals which I am going to start.My dear fans I wish to start contact service for couples and singles too. So if you really wish to give your personal ad. Please give some contact no. to me so that I can confirm the Ad and then post it. Also if any lady want to do Escort service, she too can mail me with her photo and contact no offcourse . Please cooperate with me for this. The reason I ask contact no is to make sure that I have genuine ads and not like other classifieds. This is just for you people. 
Send your comments to me at jeevan80@yahoo.com 
Continued in part III 

