Ana Bailey's first day of school
by Cake 

Who doesn’t want to make a good impression on the first day of school? Nobody. But how do you do that? How do you want to portray yourself to all your peers? There is no easy answer, and for a high school freshman, these things are very important. Well I’m here to help one lucky student have the best first day ever. And that lucky student is Ana Bailey. Her older sister, Caitlyn, had just graduated last year, and now her dear little sister was becoming a freshman. How unfortunate that they couldn’t spend at least one year of high school together but I suppose it can’t be helped. The two of them didn’t look very much alike, at least to me. Caitlyn was way bustier than her sister, not to mention she had blonde hair compared to Ana’s dark brown. Personality wise, well it’s hard to tell. Caitlyn was always a loud mouth, piece of shit. But Ana seemed shy, however that could just be because it was her first day at a new school and all.

Caitlyn was one year ahead of me in school, so this is my first year without her. She was the worst person I ever met. Rude, mean, short tempered, confrontational, annoying. Caitlyn was all of these things, and she never took breaks either. From the moment she stepped into school until the moment she was gone, she was a problem for everyone around her. I personally had to put up with so much of her shit, and the teachers never did anything about it. One time she had called me a bitch in front of everyone in class and the teacher hardly even reacted to it. And she did a lot worse, not only to me but to lots of people. She got away with absolutely everything because it was more trouble than it was worth to try and deal with her. It wasn’t enough that she was gone, I wanted a greater payback than that.

Me and a few like minded individuals had arranged to carry out this retribution, and we had the best idea ever. At the end of the day, when Ana was leaving class, we lured her into the locker rooms. It was quite easy as the gymnasium is connected to the main lobby, and the locker rooms are connected to the gymnasium. So all we had to do was wait for her to come to the main lobby, and then we’d ask for her help moving something real quick in the girls locker room. Being a bit of a nervous freshman, she was easily persuaded by her seniors and followed us into the locker room.

It was empty inside. It was just the four of us, and Ana following behind, clueless as to what was about to happen. The door shut behind us, and we all sprung into action. I grabbed one arm, and another girl, Emma, grabbed her other. She didn’t even realize what was happening until we started lifting her shirt up. When we exposed her white bra she started to panic. She was asking us what we were doing, and telling us to stop but couldn’t get her arms free. We easily got her shirt off her and threw it to the ground. Her shorts came down with no hesitation leaving Ana in her underwear. She was already so scared it was adorable. She begged us to let her go but instead we unclipped her bra, and exposed her surprisingly flat chest. I could already tell she wasn’t very well endowed but it made it even better that most of what I thought was her boobs, was actually just a padded bra! Ana’s chest was hardly developed at all, and she cried out when we exposed it.

We couldn’t resist pinching her tiny titties, which really helped the embarrassment seep in. She must have been self conscious about not having any boobs which made everything all the sweeter for us. Ana was already in tears, so try to imagine how much she liked it when we pulled her white panties down to her ankles. She was practically screaming for help but we put a quick stop to that. By taking her panties from around her feet, and shoving them right in her trap. That shut her up real quick, and left her naked from head to toe except for her white ankle socks. Everything was going so perfectly I was getting butterflies in my stomach. With two small pieces of rope, we tied one around her mouth to make sure the panty gag stayed in, and then we used the other piece to tie her hands behind her back.

After we tied Ana up, it was time for a little fun. We dangled her discarded clothes in front of her face and told her that if she wanted them back she had to chase us. Tears ran down her face and she cried through the gag but didn’t have a choice but to do it. She couldn’t run very fast in the state she was in so we just easily dodged her and laughed when we managed to get away. Just when we thought her spirit was completely broken, we gave all of her clothes to Emma, and made Ana try to chase her. Her chest didn’t even bounce when she ran she was so flat, and the fact that her pussy was shaved was the perfect cherry on top. Ana chased after her clothes unaware that she was falling for another trap. Like I mentioned, the gymnasium connects to the main lobby. But what most people don’t realize is that the girls locker room also connects to the main lobby, but hardly anyone ever uses that door. Even inside the locker room the door is a little hidden, so we knew this was gonna be easy.

We lured her around the corner where the door is. Ana was chasing after Emma for her clothes and the rest of us followed behind her. Her skin was so pale, she didn’t even have any tan lines at all. None on her legs, arms, or her butt so she must have spent the summer indoors. Anyways, when she turned the corner, and saw the door, she froze for a second until Emma opened the door leading to the main lobby. Poor Ana tried to turn around but the other three of us stopped her and slowly pushed the nude girl into the lobby full of students. Freshmen, sophomores, juniors, seniors, everybody was there. She was desperately trying to push past us, almost making a scene in an attempt to get back to the locker room. But it was too late. We closed the door behind us, closing off her only escape. People were already taking notice of the petite girl standing with her ass towards everyone. We grabbed her shoulders and turned her around to everyone, letting them all see her dime sized nipples and hairless snatch. Emma waved Ana’s clothes in front of her, daring her to chase her further into the lobby.

I couldn’t believe my eyes when she actually did it though. She must have been too embarrassed to think straight because after only a few steps, many more people started to take notice and it only got worse from there. Ana was actually running naked down the lobby of her new school in front of hundreds of her new classmates and it was glorious. Her face was beat red, and she looked like a wreck flashing her skinny body, and tight pussy to dozens of people as she ran by them. Emma quickly took off out of sight, and I knew there was no chance for Ana to catch her. Eventually the crowd that she was attracting became too big for her to navigate through, it was as if she found herself surrounded on all sides by a wall of people. She looked around for somewhere to run or maybe hide, or maybe she was still looking for Emma with her clothes. Tears streamed down her face and she actually did a slow, complete three hundred sixty degree turn desperately trying to find any way out, but not finding any. Her whole head had gone red from the humiliation, and she was crying through her underwear which was slightly dangling from her mouth. Her legs were shaking like she was about to collapse from the shame of showing her vagina to the whole school. She just stood there in the middle of the crowd. I would believe that she was having a panic attack from the overwhelming degradation.

Some people even tried to take pictures while she just looked around at everyone with puppy dog eyes. I felt bad for her in a way. Too bad her older sister was such a bitch all the time. If she wasn’t, then little Ana wouldn’t have had to display herself like this. Talk about your worst nightmare. Ana made her first impression on her new school by running down the hall completely naked, showing everyone her flat chest and bald pussy. I’m not sure what’s worse for her, all her old classmates that she’s known for years seeing her like that, or all her new classmates seeing her like that before they even got to meet her. The longer she stood there, the worse her legs would shake. There couldn’t be anything more embarrassing than this, and it was making her body physically collapse. She fell onto her butt and then tucked her legs up against her chest to cover up. Everyone was still just watching as she fell, and rolled over onto her side, curled up in a ball. It was at that point that some people stepped in and decided to help her so I had to flee the scene ya know what I mean?

I hope those pictures make the rounds, if any good ones exist that is. With phones nowadays I should be able to get some closeups if that is the case. I can only hope Caitlyn gets to see those. But either way, it was a blast helping an old friend's sister out on her first day of school. I’m sure she’s gonna love it here for the next four years. Maybe if she gets lucky, we’ll go back to online classes so she doesn’t have to show her face around anyone again.
