First Week
by Shazam

Pt1

School already started for me unfortunately. Another whole year of the same old shit. The first day started off about how I was expecting. Settling into new classes, going over how we’ll be graded in each class, but for a loner like me, doing icebreakers are the worst. I’d much rather just get through the day without having to talk to anyone. I have a few close friends and I’m fine with keeping it that way. So at the end of the day, I was walking by myself to the busses. It seemed really crowded outside for some reason but I couldn’t remember if it was always like this or not. I thought maybe I just forgot over the summer break what the end of the day was like here, but this definitely wasn’t normal. People were flocking to the flag pole for some reason. Like a magnet attracting everyone to one area. I guess it even worked on me, because without a clue of what everyone was doing, I started to follow the wave of people all gathering at one spot. Luckily I stand taller than almost everyone else, and my size makes it easy to push through a crowd. When I got to the flagpole I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. A girl, her name I didn’t know, and I don’t even think I had ever seen her before.

She was in her underwear. Tight little panties, a matching red bra, and a pair of ankle socks. Her face was beat red, maybe she had been crying earlier but now she looked like she was having a full blown panic attack. She was miserably trying to hide her undies from view, and not doing a very good job. She couldn’t escape anywhere because not only was the crowd surrounding her on all sides, but her underwear was tied to the flagpole. A single rope ran through her panties, through her bra, and around the flagpole, so if she wanted to leave, she’d have to untie it or strip fully naked. My attention was quickly diverted to another girl, Haley. This one I had known for a while, and she never seemed like the type of person I’d want to be around but this seemed cruel, even by her standards. The two looked like opposites, Haley was pale, with golden blonde hair, and was thin as a twig, and the girl in her underwear was tanned, and curvy, with black hair. Haley was dangling a shirt and a pair of jeans just out of reach of the poor girl, and in her other hand, a pair of scissors. She said something like,

“If you want to go home naked then fine,” and began shredding the clothes without further warning. The other girl shouted back, “NO,” drawing my attention back to her. Anyone could hear the pain in her voice, yet no one stepped in to help, we all just watched the spectacle. I couldn’t believe my eyes as she threw her own bra over head. Her boobs were stunning, big and perky, with nipples that fit perfectly on top. Any guy would go to hell and back to see a pair like that. I wasn’t entirely sure what was even going on here or why, but I couldn’t look away as she pulled down her panties in front of everyone. Stepping out in a hurry, she nearly tripped herself as she ran towards Haley who was still shedding her clothes to pieces. To willingly strip naked, so that you could have your clothes back, quite an interesting predicament. There wasn’t a single tan line on her body. Her complexion was stunning, and her light brown skin shone in the sunlight. She was absolutely gorgeous, even if she nude in public, and covering her privates.

Now she was standing next to Haley, not even grabbing her clothes from her, just standing next to her begging her to stop as she covered herself. Haley, and much of the crowd laughed at the poor girl. Her clothes were still being shredded just inches away from her as she stood naked in front of the school. Her boobs were spilling out of her grasp as she nearly cried for Haley to stop. Her areola were peeking out the whole time, and she couldn’t even begin to cover her big butt. Haley stopped cutting, and pushed the girl away with one hand, causing her to fall right on her ass. Then she threw the girls cut up clothes in the air like confetti, and made much of the crowd erupt into laughter. In the middle of it all, this poor thing, butt naked except for the socks on her feet, she looked completely broken as the remains of her clothes fluttered to the ground in a bunch of pieces. Almost like she couldn’t understand that this was really happening to her, she had almost no reaction now. All she could do was sit on the ground and try her best to cover up with her hands.

Haley walked past her to the flagpole, and gave the girls underwear the same treatment as the rest of her clothes. Just a couple cuts and they were reduced to shreds, unable to be worn again. Haley laughed as she tossed the girls cut up panties in the air, laughing along with everyone else. The other girl now just hung her head in shame. Not moving an inch, all she could do was endure this torment. Naked, outdoors, at school, with everyone laughing at you, I can’t imagine how humiliating it must have been. If I had a sweatshirt or jacket to offer her I would have, but someone else stepped in first with one. Wherever they walked off to, I didn’t follow.


Pt2

I heard a lot about her the next day. Naturally, she was the talk of the school. Her name is Melony, and she’s new to school this year. The day before was her first day, and I can’t imagine it could have gone any worse for her. I wasn’t gonna say anything to her, she was probably having a hard enough time with everyone else talking about. She doesn’t need me to bug her too.

I ended up seeing her again at the end of the day while everyone was leaving. She looked like she was scared or nervous about something, and then I saw just a couple steps ahead of her was Haley, who looked like she was having the time of her life. Melony was trying to keep up with her, and kept lifting her leg up and grabbing her at her foot. I noticed she wasn’t wearing any shoes, and after a while she managed to take one sock off, drop it on the ground and then keep following Haley. I also decided to follow, as did many others who were probably just as curious about what was going on. After a couple more steps, Melony managed to get her other sock off, and kept following Haley barefoot through the main office. They got to the doors, and stopped.

Haley turned around and started to say something to Melony but I couldn’t hear what. Melony looked like she was complaining about something, or more accurately, begging for something, but Haley stood and waited. Before long Melony was unbuttoning her shorts, and then she threw them to the ground, kicking them off her feet, and desperately trying to pull her shirt down to cover her panties. Haley opened the door, and they both went outside, leaving Melony's shorts on the ground, and a small crowd forming behind them, including myself.

Following them outside, Haley was real close to Melony's face, seemingly taunting her. I still couldn’t hear them, but suddenly Melony pulled her own panties down, and wiggled them off her hips. They fluttered down to her bare feet, and she actually bent down to pick them, completely exposing her big naked ass to anyone that was paying attention. She handed her discarded panties to Haley who swiftly took them and put them on the poor girls head. Melony could barely even cover her naked butt, and was being forced to wear her undies like a hat. I wondered what she did to get herself into this situation. Why would anyone keep going along with this, and not put up any kind of fight?

Haley was laughing, I couldn’t see Melonys face but based on her body language, she wasn’t having a good time. By now the two girls were surrounded by a crowd of horny onlookers, and Haley grabbed Melony in some sort of bear hug, restraining her arms, and making her shirt pop up, re-exposing her naked ass. By now I was close enough to finally hear them, and the first thing I heard was Haley call out and ask, “Who wants a piece of this!?” She smacked Melonys ass real hard, causing even her thighs to jiggle, and then grabbed a handful and spread her cheeks wide for a couple seconds. I, and many others, could see absolutely everything. Her asshole, and her pussy were offered up to the crowd, and Melony couldn’t do anything but try to cover privates with one hand.

Haley quickly moved her hand out of the way and before long, people from the crowd were taking turns slapping and grabbing her naked ass. I wanted to do something but I wasn’t sure what, for a while I just watched until Haley took Melony's panties off her head and shoved them into her mouth. She spun the girl around, showing everyone her tears eyes, and panties dangling from her teeth, and then lifted her leg in the air, making her do some kind of split, and showing off every inch of her spread pussy. Melony closed her eyes as countless people gawked at her spread legs while her light blue panties dangling halfway out of her mouth. When someone else took a hold of Melonys leg, caressing her foot, and keeping her pussy spread, Haley took the opportunity to yank her shirt up, exposing her bra.

Forcefully, Haley grabbed one of the cups and literally ripped her bra off her breasts. Melonys boobs were instantly exhibited for the crowd, leaving the girl effectively naked. The only piece of clothing touching her body was her shirt wrapped around her neck, and her panties in her mouth. She must have been at least a D Cup, and she was fit like she ran track. Probably half the school was burning the image of her perfect naked body into their minds while Haley wrestled her shirt off of her, and when it was finally off, Haley gave her a good shove. With someone holding one of her legs, she couldn’t keep her balance and went tumbling to the ground, landing on her hands and knees.

The naked girl couldn’t even move for a moment, I imagine the humiliation was too much. Anyone behind her was probably looking at her ass in the doggy style position, and everyone in front of her was staring at her dangling boobs. By the time she finally sat up, her arms were shaking, her face was beat red, and her eyes told a story of defeat. She could barely cover her boobs with one arm while she finally took her underwear out of her mouth. In that moment, Haley dumped a water bottle over the naked girls head. She laughed the whole time as Melony couldn’t do anything but endure it, and try to shield her head with her one arm. When the bottle was empty, Melony was dripping wet, and her panties had also gotten soaked in the process, all the while the crowd enjoyed every moment of it.

“Have a good day!” Haley yelled as she walked away, proud of herself. Melony struggled to try and put her wet underwear back on without exposing herself to the crowd again. She struggled to get them on, and when she did they clung tightly to her body, outlining her lips and cheeks. She looked around for her shirt but couldn’t find it, this time I decided I would help. I pushed my way to the front, ripping off my sweater and handed it to her. She looked at me ashamed, but managed to say thank you. I felt horrible. I should have done something sooner but I didn’t. My large sweater was more than enough to cover even down to her underwear.

I asked her where the rest of her clothes were, as if I didn’t know what happened because I was too ashamed to admit that I saw the whole thing and didn’t help. She clung to my side, and guided me to where she thought her pants were, but when we got there, they were gone, of course. We backtracked through the school, but didn’t find as much as a shoe. I felt bad but didn’t know what else to do, eventually she thanked me again for the sweater and then went on her way, pulling the sweater down to cover herself. I watched her walk away with nothing to cover her legs, and felt sorry for the disgraced girl.


Pt3

When I walked into school the next day, Melony stopped me by the doors. She handed me the sweater I gave her yesterday, and thanked me before turning to walk away. There were so many things I wanted to say, and to ask, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I think I was ashamed of myself for not helping sooner, and she was probably ashamed to have been forced to be naked in front of everyone. The poor girls first year at her new school was off to the worst start imaginable, I wanted to help, but didn’t even know how.

I didn’t see her again until the end of the day. We didn’t have any classes together and we must have been in different parts of the building because I didn’t even see her in the halls at all. She was in the main office once again. This time in what looked like gym clothes. Shorts, a white t shirt with a red trim, and white knee high socks. I noticed again she didn’t have any shoes on, and of course, following close behind her was Haley. Usually Haley was the one wearing something sporty, but I guess not this time. They were standing against the wall, until Melony put her hands up, and suddenly propped herself upside down against the wall. Haley grabbed her little feet and held her in place, she was stuck doing a handstand, and it didn’t take long until her shirt started to slide down, slowly exposing her belly until it got stuck around her chest.

Immediately, her fans began to flock around her, fully expecting to get another look at her gorgeous body. Her bra was peaking out, and with one swift motion, Haley wrapped her toe into Melody’s drooping shirt, and pulled it down around her head. I realized then that Haley was barefoot, and wondered why. Why was any of this happening, and how did these situations keep arising? In any case, Melony was once again about to get stripped naked, and no one was going to help.

When I got closer, I heard Haley say, “Try not to fall on your head!” And then, just like she pushed Melody’s shirt down with her foot, she stomped her bra down to the ground, leaving the upside down girls chest bare. Her tits bounced from the force of it, until they settled into place, drooping down ever so slightly. Her face was hidden behind her shirt, maybe it was for the best that it was. Haley wasted no time, clearly she felt no sympathy for her, or guilt for what she was doing, and within seconds, Melody’s shorts were pulled up to her knees, then to her feet, until they were tossed off without a care. Left with nothing to cover herself except her black panties, her arms started to become wobbly. Haley grabbed the middle of her underwear, bunching it up, and then yanked it down, wedgieing them in between her pussy lips, to everyone’s amusement.

How many different ways could they humiliate this girl? Her school life was already ruined, so the only reason I could think that Haley kept this up was that she genuinely enjoyed embarrassing the new girl beyond belief. Before long, Melony’s arms gave out, and she fell on her head, and then tumbled forward, leaving her ass bent out towards the crowd, and in perfect position for Haley to grab her panties on both sides, and pull them as far up her ass as they would go. Haley wedgied her until her butt cheeks were fully exposed, and her panties could barely cover her privates. Melony tried to get up, and I actually heard her squeal in pain, but Haley didn’t allow that. She sat on the girls head, and yanked her panties so far up her ass that they snapped.

The thin cloth that was covering Melody’s crotch was no more. All that was left was the waistband that was now wrapped around her stomach. Haley spread Melony’s cheeks to the crowd, letting them take in the glory of both her holes, and then gave her ass a hard slap. Then she spread her ass again, and then spanked her again. When she wasn’t showing off the other girls sex, she was slapping her ass. Melony’s thick thighs jiggled with each hit, but she didn’t fight back, and even managed to not make a sound while they punished her.

Haley eventually stopped, and threw her onto her back. She reached down and grabbed Melony’s socked feet, and yelled, “Ankles up!” when she lifted her feet into the air, and pulled them back towards her head. The disgraced girls pussy was put on show and spread open when her feet were thrown back. Melony’s shirt was still caught over her head, and Haley folded Melony in half, tucking her legs behind her arms and leaving her head stuck in her shirt. Haley was basically making the girl hold her own legs open. “What’s wrong?” Haley teased her, “You don’t like it? Here.. I’ll make you feel better!” Haley said excitedly and quickly reached down, rubbing her fingers against Melony’s clitoris.

Everyone watching cheered, and for some reason I couldn’t look away. Melony didn’t say a word, but she flinched with her whole body. Haley wasted no time rubbing the girls clit in circles with her left hand. “You like that don’t you?” Haley asked her with a devilish grin and tortured her clit some more, and with her other hand, she slowly inserted one finger into her anus. Melony made some kind of pained noise from under her shirt, but that didn’t stop anyone from watching, or Haley from masturbating her. With one hand she stimulated her clit, with her other she fingered her asshole. “Cmon, bitch. Let’s see you wet yourself!” Haley yelled. Around that time, everyone watching started to take their phones out. They wanted a souvenir of Melony’s misery, probably so they could go home and jack off to it later. My stomach turned thinking about how everyone else would get their privacy, but Melony had to do it here, in front of everyone, and on camera. Did she even know that people were filming this?

Shockingly quick, her vagina began to glisten as it got wetter. It even began to drool as some fluids dripped out, and were used as lube to better finger her asshole. I knew her body was betraying her when even her hips began to shake. Haley didn’t let up, instead she wanted to make her cum in front of everyone. Soon her body was moving on its own in a desperate attempt to not finish in public. Melony couldn’t keep it inside anymore, and started to cry out a little bit, but everyone else took it as if she was moaning in pleasure. Haley didn’t break pace, she probably knew that in a couple seconds, she will have completely defiled the new girl at school. Her total humiliation would be more than complete, and Melony would be shunned, and ashamed for the rest of the year. Then in an instant, a rush of fluid came spilling out of Melony’s quivering pussy. Her whole lower half was shaking in orgasm, and she was powerless to stop it. Haley finally stopped toying with her clit, and pulled her finger out of her ass, leaving it open the size of Haley’s finger. Her pussy and asshole were pulsating in the most disgraceful orgasm possible, and all of it was not only seen live, but recorded for future viewing pleasure.

Haley finally got her off, and gave her ass another good slap before standing up. Melony’s public display took place inside the main office at her new school, how could she ever get used to this place with the memories she has of it now? Haley laughed, like she had been doing the whole time, then grabbed Melony’s foot. She peeled Melony’s long sock off, and congratulated her on making a good first impression on everyone at school. Then she peeled her other sock off, and said, “I’ll be taking these back too, not like you need clothes now anyways,” and dropped her foot onto the floor, leaving Melony flat on her back. “You might as well show up naked tomorrow, not like it’ll make a difference anyways,” she said with a laugh as she walked away. Everyone got in their last pictures while Melony laid there, covering her face in her hands probably feeling mortified at what her bully had done. Her shirt was still stuck over her head, and she still buried her face in her hands, leaving her nudity displayed to everyone. Despite her open legs, and bare chest being out in the open, she was so ashamed, she wanted to cover face instead. I disappeared into the crowd, and left for the day.


Pt4

The next day while walking into school I was shocked to see two familiar faces standing by the doors. None other than Haley, and next to her, a completely nude Melony. I couldn’t believe it, did Haley actually make her come to school naked like she said yesterday? I didn’t see any clothes strewn about on the ground so I wasn’t sure. Haley pulled Melony’s hair, yanking her head up to face us all as we walked in, and even forced her to wish us a good day today. Melony’s arms were fixed behind her back, her perfect body, naked from head to toe, was behind shown to everyone that walked inside. I was shocked that not a single teacher had found out about this, let alone anything about the days prior. Her amazing, tanned body now belonged to Haley. It was hers to do as she pleased, so she made sure to pinch a nipple for the passer byers, despite Melody’s grief.

I wondered if she saw me looking between her legs or at her brown nipples atop her tan skin. I feel bad about it, but I couldn’t help it. If anyone was naked I doubt that I wouldn’t at least take a peak. Still, it felt wrong to look at her when she’s not wearing a pair of pants, or at least a pair of underwear. She lingered on my mind all day, and I didn’t think I would see her again until maybe when everyone was leaving. That’s usually when Haley wanted to have her fun, so I was surprised to see her again before third period. I was walking to class when suddenly a girl stopped me. I didn’t know her name, maybe it was Mcayla, but I knew for sure she was one of Haley’s friends. She asked me if I heard about the new “exhibitionist” girl. I said yes, and then she led me into the gym storage room. I’d never been in there before, usually it stays locked so I didn’t know how she got in there either but sitting on a table in the middle of the room, was Melony, and next to her was Haley.

The door was closed behind me, and there were nine other guys from school in there as well, all focused on Melony who of course was naked as the day she was born, save for a blindfold. She wasn’t hiding her nudity, in fact she looked like she was presenting herself. As the door shut, Haley announced that everything was ready, and the show may begin now. In everyone’s hand was their cell phones, all pointed in the direction of Melony’s open legs. “Okay, Melony,” Haley began, “If you want to be done with all this, then all you have to do is put on a good show for these guys,” she said.

“Is it really only five?” Melody asked quietly.

“Yeah, so hurry up before I change my mind,” Haley snapped back.

“And you’re gonna delete those pictures right?” Melony weakly asked.

“I said hurry up before I change my mind!” Haley shouted back while smooshing Melony’s face in her hand. I wasn’t sure what was even going on here, but Melony didn’t seem to truly understand either. There was twice the number of people in here than she thought, and everyone but me had already started recording a video of her .... Melony reached up, grabbing one boob in each hand, and played around with them for a while. “Cmon, I want to see those nips hard as diamonds. Give em a good pinch,” Haley demanded. And within seconds, Melony listened and pinched and tugged her own nipples. All the guys were enjoying it, but not making a sound, I was more shocked at what I was witnessing. “Lick em too!” Haley shouted, almost laughing. And like a trained animal, Melony pushed her breasts up, stuck out her tongue, and licked her own nipples.

Her face wasn’t as red as it was when she was merely sitting naked in front of us, but now, even with the blindfold, I could see her whole face had become flush red from the embarrassment of being commanded like a slave. What a disgraceful act to be caught on film, and she didn’t even know it yet. I thought I should I speak up now, that maybe I could save her some modesty, but I wasn’t sure what I could even say

“Alright lets see how hard they got,” Haley declared. Melony let go of her boobs, and Haley grabbed her nipple, stretching it as far as it would go and then laughed. Melony winced but that’s what Haley wanted. She invited everyone else to feel em too, and like wild animals, every guy got a handful. They played with her nipples, and groped her tits for as long as Haley would let them, while Melony remained silent. I just stood back and watched, I couldn’t bring myself to participate like that. But still, I felt terrible for her, she still didn’t know that this was all being saved to their phones, and that there were nine guys taking turns with her chest, not five.

“You guys are just gonna play with her body? Who wants a kiss?” Haley asked, grabbing Melody’s face and forcing her mouth open. With no hesitation, guys stepped up one after another, taking turns tongue kissing the same girl. She squirmed every time, curling her toes and shaking her legs a little, but any time that her legs started to close, Haley was there to push them back open. I didn’t kiss her, but I couldn’t take my eyes off her either, so I guess I’m not any better than them. “Oh that’s so romantic,” Haley said, “all this kissing is making her real horny,” and she pointed towards Melony’s ever exposed vag. “I know you want their cocks, but why don’t you show us how you masturbate at home!”

Everyone backed up a little, getting ready to record her touching herself. And with little hesitation, Melony began rubbing her clit in circles, just like Haley had done to her yesterday. “Lift those legs up higher, girl!” Haley demanded it, and Melody listened. She lifted her feet up so they weren’t dangling off the side anymore. With her legs lifted up so high, her butthole became much moreexposed. A couple guys grabbed her feet to hold her legs in the air while she played with herself, but they still made sure to record her privates the whole time. “How’s it feel, huh?” Haley taunted her, causing a few guys to chuckle.

“It feels good,” Melony squeaked out.

“You like touching yourself in front of everyone?”

“Yeah.”

“Yeah what?” Haley asked triumphantly.

“Yeah I like touching myself in front of people,” Melody weakly said. I don’t think that convinced anyone, and Haley didn’t let it slide.

“Tell us more how good it feels!” She yelled.

“It feels good,” Melony said with a crack in her voice.

“What feels good?! I wanna hear all about it so you better keep talking, slut!” Haley yelled right in Melony’s ear.

“It feels good.. to.. touch myself,” Melony clearly was in tears under that blindfold, she couldn’t even speak properly.

“Keep talking! Keep talking until I say you can stop!” Haley was loving every second of this. How cruel it was to humiliate someone like this. “And You better start using some of those lines.” Melony grimaced, but then started spewing out a bunch of dirty talk.

“I love playing with my clit,” she said, “I want to cum in front of everyone. Please make me cum,” she said. Obviously Haley had told her to say these things earlier, and the degradation was too much for Melony to handle. She even started to sniffle, and my heart broke for her.

“How about you let them play with you, you want that right?” Haley asked, already knowing that Melony would comply.

“Yes please,” she said, still hopelessly rubbing her clit until Haley guided one of the guys hands down there instead. He started rubbing her clit for her, and Haley made her moan as if she liked it. This horrible display, this perverted degeneracy was all being filmed, and Melony was blind to it all. Haley let everyone touch her, in any place they wanted. All while she threatened Melony to moan louder and louder. One guy massaged one of her tits, and Haley made her say that she liked it. The self disgust that Melony would certainly feel after this, would she ever recover?

Haley spread her pussy lips wide, and let someone stick a finger inside. Melony squealed at first, but Haley made sure that turned into a more pleasure filled sound. It wasn’t long until someone else got to finger her asshole. She was getting touched all over by people she didn’t even know. And if she didn’t sound happy about it, Haley made sure to change that real quick, even going as far as making her suck on her fingers. When Melody’s hips started moving back and forth, I knew what was coming. It was the same as yesterday, she was getting close to an orgasm.

Haley must have recognized it too, she pulled her finger out of Melony’s mouth and asked her if she was about to cum.

“...”

“You better remember that you gotta tell us before you cum! I wanna hear you shout it when you do it!” Melody tried to avoid answering at first, but this time she answered very meekly.

“I’m about to cum,” Melony declared to everyone. All phones were ready to capture it from slightly different angles. “I’m going to cum,” she said again, making every guy go a little harder on her. They all picked up the pace, fingering her harder and faster than before.

“Say it when it happens, slut!” Hayley yelled to her. She rested her hand on top of Melody’s head and eagerly waited for it. Everyone was waiting for it. Melony was breathing heavier than ever, and her body was wiggling, ready to throw all her modesty out the window, and orgasm in front of everyone. She was trying to catch her breath, moving her head around, and squirming as it was about to happen. Then she said it, she seemed to barely be able to get the words out.

“I’m cumming,” she moaned, and at the same time, Haley ripped the blindfold off her, exposing her face to everyone, letting her get a good look at who was toying with her body, but most of all, letting the cameras capture her face as she hit climax. As her vagina twitched, and she got to see the room for the first time, she looked right into every camera that was recording her most vulnerable moment.

“Say cheese!” Haley yelled, barely holding in her laughter as she showed just how much she had humiliated the girl in her first week at her new school.

“Ahh… noo,” was all Melody could say as she hit orgasm and realized that it was all captured on film. Her mouth was stuck open, and even her eyes twitched when she saw the cameras. She could hardly catch her breath, and didn’t know what to do. Her pussy was still throbbing and cumming and she couldn’t stop it now. She tried to look away, and then cover her face, and then block the cameras with her hand, and tried to cover her nudity, all at the same time. In her orgasming mind, she couldn’t think straight and decide what to do, so she ended up just looking like a fool as she reached orgasm, unable to stop them from fingering her more. Haley pulled Melony’s hair, yanking her head back, and forcing her to look straight at all the cameras pointed at her. The face she made as she reached orgasm and simultaneously realized that her life at school was forever ruined was all immortalized

Having already defeated her in the grandest way possible, I thought Haley would be done with her, but when no one stopped fingering her, Haley didn’t stop either.

“Smile for the camera, babe!” She laughed, “Let then see how much you like it!” Haley brutally tormented the girl.

“Please stop, you can’t do this,” Melony whined as she realized she was trapped here, and would be forced to orgasm again if they didn’t let her go. I didn’t even know what I could do in this situation to make things any better, because within another couple seconds, a huge wave hit Melony, and she arched her back, curled her toes, and moaned louder than ever. At the same time, a rush of liquids and juices came flowing out of her pussy. It made everyone finally stop touching her, but the cameras still recorded every second of it. She squirted in front of everyone, and was forced to do it. Her vagina was red, it looked sore, and used, all the while, she was having what looked like a long lasting orgasm. More cum kept coming out in tiny spurts, and Melony was frozen in place until it stopped.

Haley broke the silence by bursting out laughing, “we gotta show that to everyone!”

Melony quickly but quietly said, “please… no,” but Haley ignored her. Instead she started to list off people that she was going to send it to. Melony fell back, and laid flat on the table, crying, “You promised..”

“Look honey, everyone’s already seen you naked, and most people probably at least saw a video of yesterday’s performance. What difference does it make now?” Melony shot back up, she wasn’t even covering herself by this point, there were bigger issues.

“What?” She asked, horrified. Her eyes widened and her mouth was fixed open in shock.

“Did you think no one saw that? Or that not a single picture was taken? Get real, dumbass,” she snarked. Melony was horrified, I couldn’t believe she hadn’t found out that people recorded yesterday too. I couldn’t imagine the pain she felt in her heart. Her own modest self, reduced to nothing but a naked body. She buried her face in her hands, and Haley told everyone to get going. She waved us out of the room, and before we were even out the door, the other guys were talking about all the people on their contacts list that they were sending that to.

I didn’t see Melony at the end of the day, that day but I needed to talk to her, so I planned on coming to school early tomorrow to catch her before Haley does, that is, if Melany was even going to show up.


Pt5

I was shocked to see Melony walking into school the next day. She had a different aura to her now, like she didn’t care about anything anymore. I needed to say something, I wasn’t sure what but I couldn’t sit idly by anymore. I approached her, and asked simply if she was okay. She didn’t seem like she was in the mood to talk. She put her hand up to me and simply said she was fine. I understood the message she was putting out, so I decided I would just leave her by saying that if she ever needs anything she could count on me. Her head snapped towards me, and she stared at me with empty, hateful eyes. She said, “If you want to help me, then help me get revenge.”

Apparently how this all started was Haley took a picture of Melony when she was naked in the locker room trying out to be a cheerleader. Since then she’s been blackmailed and forced to go along with everything Haley says. But still, after everything she did, is that all even worth it to avoid one picture going around? But Melony assured me that Haley took much more than just some creep shot. It was more like a full on attack, like it had been at school.

We talked for a while after that. She already had a plan laid out, and was going to do it by herself, but figured she could use another pair of hands. We walked through the main office where many students had already arrived and were chatting with their friends before the first bell. I couldn’t help but notice that everyone was staring at Melony, and since I was talking to her, they stared at me too. Lots of laughter, pointing, and jokes were thrown our way, although I guess they were all directed at her. I figured that pretty much everyone had seen those videos, a copy even got sent to me after all, and this all but confirmed that everyone in school saw them. She didn’t pay those people any mind. Stoically, she breezed past them all until we were in a secluded hallway by ourselves, and she detailed her plan for me.

It was last period when we decided to enact the plan, the day was almost over. I waited inside the gym storage room for Melony to walk in. She said when she did, she’d be dragging Haley with her by her hair. A sudden thud on the door snapped me out of my thoughts, and I focused on the door in front of me. It wasn’t a knock at the door, more like someone ran into it at full speed. The doorknob started to turn, and in stumbled Haley, holding her head in her hands, followed close behind by Melony. She pushed Haley forward until they were all the way inside, and Melony shut the door, and our plan began.

Melony grabbed Haley’s hands, and shoved them behind her back, like she was getting arrested. It must have been Haley’s head that slammed into the door because she seemed to be in a bit of a daze. There was hardly any struggle at first, so I managed to tie her hands and arms behind her back, using a jump rope that was kept in storage, just like Melony instructed me to do. She dragged Haley to the same table that she sat on yesterday, and sat her target down. Melony shuffled through her bag for a moment, giving Haley the chance to speak up for the first time. She looked terrified, frightened to the core at what Melony was planning.

“Please don’t do this,” she begged. The once proud girl had been reduced to nothing this quick. Somehow, she looked more pathetic than Melony ever did. Melony pulled out a pair of scissors, the same kind that Haley had used on her on the first day of school. “Please don’t do this, you don’t have to,” she pleaded, her face already turning red. Melony pushed her onto her back, making her lay across the table. She reached into her victims shorts pocket, making the anxious girl squirm fearing the worst. However, Melony pulled the girls phone out of her pocket, attempted to open it, and then called out,

“Password!”

“Huh?” I wondered if Haley even knew what Melony was talking about. I don’t think she even realized that Melony had taken her phone, so Melody just shoved the screen in her face, and called out again,

“Password! I’m deleting all your pictures of me.”

“It’s 3636,” in a panic, Haley gave up access to her phone so easily, which may have been her biggest mistake. Melony grinned when the phone opened, and she took a minute to swipe through it. After she was done on the phone, Melony reached down, and ripped Haley’s shoe off. I realized it was my time to help. Haley was wearing knee high socks, just like Melony told me she was going to. I thought she was just guessing, but somehow it’s like she knew she’d have that sporty outfit on. I peeled her sock down her leg, and slid it off her right foot. As fast as I could, I fastened it around Haley’s mouth, wrapping it around her head. She tried desperately to ask for mercy, but couldn’t any longer.

Melony grabbed ahold of Haley’s shorts, and slid the scissors inside the waistband. All Haley could do was kick her legs, and make as much noise as she could through her gagged lips. I helped out by holding her right leg in place. It felt kind of wrong holding her pale, barefoot leg after I was the one that ripped her sock off, but if anyone deserves what was coming to her, it was Haley. Melony slowly cut through the fabri...il she had torn through every hole. She grabbed the front of them, and ripped them clean out from under her. Haley’s shorts had been completely shredded, leaving her in her purple and black, scenic panties. It looked like a beautiful night sky, with stars shining in the distance, and right below them was the popular girls pussy.

Melony took her time to dice up Haley’s shorts right in front of her. She tossed the pieces to the ground, and then grabbed Haley’s shirt by the collar. Haley’s eyes widened as the scissors tore into her shirt until it was split in half. Both halves fell to the side, revealing Haley’s flat white belly, and her big black bra. I couldn’t help but stare at it for a moment, and before I knew it, Haley’s shirt was reduced to shreds, and her bra was the next to go. She tried to make any noise she could, but Haley couldn’t say a word. She had to watch as her bra was cut open in one snip of the scissors.

When Melony finally ripped the whole thing off her body, and Haley’s boobs were exposed, I couldn’t believe my eyes. I never thought her boobs were that special or anything, but when the bra came off, there was hardly anything there. Melony even made a snide remark about how thick the padding was on there. Haley tried to kick harder but didn’t get anywhere, her tiny titties had been exposed, and soon her panties would be cut off. She’d be naked in no time. Sure enough, Melony made two quick cuts, and then snatched Haley’s underwear out from underneath her. Her tight vagina was finally out in the open, and thus, Melony was finally ready to begin her real payback.

Haley cried and whined as she was forced to lay completely naked in front of us. Melony took out Haley’s phone again, and pointed it right at the girls crotch. Haley couldn’t do a thing to stop it, just like she had done to Melony, Melony was now doing to her. I couldn’t help but stare as well, Melony had a gorgeous, but so did Haley. Both of them were absolutely stunning in different ways, and how lucky for me that I could help Melony with her revenge. She spread Haley’s legs, and photographed every inch of her vagina and asshole. “Say cheese,” she said as she pointed the camera up at Haley’s flat chest, and horrified face.

The humiliation of getting done to you, what you did to someone else has to be the worst, especially if it’s something as degrading as this. Melony handed me the phone, and climbed up next to Haley on the table. I knew what she was planning, and I knew what she wanted me to do. So I helped her pin Haley’s feet behind her head, just like Haley had done to her before. I put the cell phone on video mode, and framed the shot to capture Haley’s body, nude from head to toe, with her privates being presented to me. Once Melony was done ripping off her other sock, we'd be good to begin.

When I started the video, I made sure to get her face in it, so everybody knew who was about to get off on camera. I reached forward, and like Melony told me to do, I rubbed Haley’s clit in circles. Melony on the other hand, made sure to spread Haley’s pussy, and run her finger in and out. It was my job to get it all on film, so I made sure to get every angle. Her puffy lips were soft, warm, and getting pretty moist. Haley had stopped making noise, and even kicking altogether. She closed her eyes seemingly to try and hold herself together. She came back to life when Melony started teasing her butthole. She could hardly move, but she was trying her damndest until Melony slid her finger all the way inside. Hayley bit down on the sock in her mouth and endured it.

Every second it went on was just time added to the video, Melony wouldn’t stop until they were even. Haley’s hips began thrusting little by little, trying to fight back the feeling. I could tell she was close, soon it would be all over for her. Unable to hold herself back any more, Haley moaned through her makeshift gag, and her body shook as she reached climax. She arched her back, and puffed out her chest and her face contorted trying not to give into the pleasure. I made sure to capture all of it, but Melony didn’t stop. I kept waiting for Melony to stop before I did, but she seemed intent on going longer.

Haley’s body spasmed at the constant stimulation. Having already reached orgasm, her pussy was throbbing red, and soaking wet. Melody didn’t stop fingering her until a rush of fluids came squirting out of her vag. We both moved our hands away and watched as more and more came dripping out, making a mess around her crotch. I turned off the video after about six minutes of recording, and handed the phone back to Melony. She scrolled through the video until the end, and pointed the screen at Haley.

“Look!” She demanded to Haley. She opened her teary, red eyes, and saw the image on the screen and made a face of even greater defeat than before. She was watching herself cum on video, on her own phone, and then Melony said, “I’m sending this video to everyone in your contacts list. Everyone you know is gonna get to see this,” and Haley began to bawl. She was screaming through as much as she could, trying to apologize, trying to beg for forgiveness. But none came. Melody started listing names out of Haley’s contacts in alphabetical order. Eventually it got to be too much, and texts were sent out in mass to Haley’s hundreds of contacts.

“How about we put this on your Twitter too,” Melony teased. Haley was in absolute hysterics as her social life came tumbling down in front of her. “And your instagram, and Snapchat,” Melony continued, listing off all of Haley’s social media. Messages started coming into her phone immediately as everyone started to see, and of course Melony showed them to the disgraced Haley, who nearly passed out at the sight of them. Pictures of her flat chest, videos of her squirting pussy, and the image of her contorted face as she reached orgasm were posted everywhere, and were soon to be seen by everyone she knew. As Melony finished on the phone, the bell rang.

Melony easily tied a jump rope around Haley’s neck, and started to pull her around like a pet on a leash. Outside the door, we could hear people were beginning to crowd into the halls, and Melony was headed outside, dragging along a skinny, butt naked Haley, with her arms tied behind her back. She tried to resist, but the leash made it too easy for Melony, she was easily pulled out of the storage room, and into the halls where everyone could see her tight ass, and golden blonde hair hanging down over her A cup tits. With a sock in her mouth, she was dragged through the halls, in view of her peers, in her birthday suit. With no way to herself, she couldn’t stop the masses from staring between her legs. The two reached the main office, followed by a massive crowd of people, just like what would happen to Melony. But now it was the bully, Haley, who was humiliated in front of everyone.

Melony dragged her outside, Haley was bawling, her bare feet stepped onto the concrete, and her white skin glistened in the sun. Her blonde hair, and milky white, beautiful nude body, made her look like a goddess. Melony dragged her over to the flagpole where Haley had trapped her on her first day. Melony tied the other end of the leash around the flagpole, leaving her stuck to it, with her naked body on display to the crowd. Her pussy was wet and sticky, and it looked throbbing and red compared to the rest of her milky white skin. Her blonde hair was perfectly parted to not cover her little breasts, every inch of her perfect body was exhibited to everyone. “Take a good pic of this,” Melony yelled to the crowd, and dumped a water bottle over Haley’s head, just like Haley had done to her.

The water quickly soaked her thin blonde hair, and slid down her flat chest, down to her skinny thighs. The water sparkled on her nude body, it the cold water washed over her soft nipples, and dropped off her crotch until it puddled around her feet. Her body was glowing with the water reflecting light off her. At the same time I noticed everyone around her getting their phones ready to capture the moment. When the bottle was empty, Melony walked away, leaving the humiliated girl completely nude from head to toe, with her hard nipples on display, and her bald vagina facing the crowd. Her little clit and red lips were enjoyed for a while, as more people seemed to revel in her disgrace, and no one was helping her out of this predicament. Instead they took the time to appreciate the justice in her public shaming.




