LITTLE FILM STARS

BY TOMMY

Part 3

Bobby opened his eyes slowly and yawned before shutting them
again. The large bed was so comfortable. He vaguely remembered
the lady coming to bed very late and playing with his thing
again. She'd made him put his head down next her own private part
and kiss it like he'd kissed Emma's, but the lady's private hole
had been much bigger and wetter. He couldn't remember how long
he'd licked her there before she'd suddenly held him tight and
jerked her body. So was that an orgmism thing she'd had? He
suddenly thought back to what Emma had done to him before he fell
asleep. The feeling had been really scary for a second. He'd felt
like his willy was going to blow up! He wondered if the lady
would let him have another one. It had been so very, very nice!

The door opened and Melanie came in with the little girl
following. "Awake at last are you?" said Melanie, sitting on the
edge of the bed. "My, you did sleep well, it's almost ten
o'clock. Emma's already showered and had breakfast." Kissing his
cheek, she pulled back the covers. Emma giggled. Bobby saw his
penis standing up and blushed. It always did this in the morning.
Melanie laughed. "Don't be shy Bobby. I know this happens to boys
when they wake up. It means they have to pee. Go to the
bathroom-and don't forget to wash your hands!" She followed after
a few minutes with Emma and gave him a quick shower. Bobby was
just as shy as before and tried to keep one hand over his
privates all the time. When he was dry, Melanie took them back to
the room and sat down. "Let's put this on you" she said, pulling
a white teashirt over his head. She picked up his tight black
shorts and grinned. Deciding the best way to cure Bobby of his
shyness was to have his privates permanently on show, she'd
decided that from now on he'd be naked-like Emma. She turned him
so he was facing her. "You look so sweet Bobby!" she said, trying
not to laugh. "Now a few rules. You are not allowed to cover your
privates with your hands any more and Emma can play with them as
much as she likes-as long as she doesn't hurt you." Bobby looked
like the world was about to end. She saw his lip tremble and
hugged him. "Bobby, you've got such a nice willy. You mustn't be
so shy about it." Her fingers stroked the sides of his scrotum
and she felt him jerk. "You'll have some breakfast, then we have
work to do. There are a few films where I want you to come for
me-like you did last night, remember?" The boy blushed and
nodded. He saw himself in the mirror and sighed. He looked so
silly with his bits showing. Buthe took Melanie's hand and went
upstairs. He did so want to have another orgasism!"

Melanie watched as Bobby devoured two bowls of breakfast cereal.
She noted with satisfaction that he's already taken the two
viagra pills next to his plate. He thought they were vitamins.
She was a little tired but very happy. Making the films was great
fun. Transferring them to the computer and editing them was
extremely laborious and took so long! A perfectionist, she'd
always waited till the film from every camera was downloaded
until painstakingly going through each recording and making notes
on which sequences to stitch together. Last night she'd been up
until 2 am trying to decide how to put together the film before
transferring it onto DVD. Once completed she had her own little
routine. The recordable DVD received an label which made it look
genuine. It was then placed in the second compartment of a two
DVD case-which was the genuine article. For these, she always
chose well known, but rather boring titles. Placed in an
Amazon.com delivery box with a ca refully forged invoice, she
simply posted it from a Post Office in London to her client's
anonymous post box.

Seeing the boy had finished she put his bowl in the sink. "Come
on Bobby, let's go" she said going to the door. He followed her
down to the studio where he'd been tied up. At the door he
hesitated. "Are you going to tie me up Miss or cane me today?" he
asked looking worried. "No Bobby, at least not if you do as
you're told. I may give you a spanking later though." She winked.
"It's Emma's turn today."

They went in and Bobby saw the little girl was already there. His
eyes widened as he saw how she'd been tied up. Lying completely
naked on a low, well padded table, she had her legs pulled wide
apart and up almost to her shoulders. Ropes and straps held her
legs and arms in position while two wide belts across her middle
kept her firmly on the table. Melanie was pleased with her work.
The girl had been here about fifteen minutes now and was starting
to sweat. This was going to look great on film!

Emma was scared. She was sure the woman wouldn't really hurt her,
but she hadn't paid any attention when Emma had cried. She could
hear them in the room now. Why did she have to wear a blindfold?
If this wasn't bad enough, the gag was too tight! The woman had
put a red ball in her mouth, then tied something over it. Her
tears were soaking the blindfold. Was this her punishment the
lady had talked about yesterday? It couldn't get worse could it?
She knew that the boy was probably looking at her pussy right
now. She felt so vulnerable with her legs spread open like this.
Even her bottom felt stretched open. She felt air blow over her
little bottom hole and shivered. Perhaps the boy would just play
with her a little bit. Perhaps he'd make her 'come' again. Was
that the word the lady had used? Perhaps he'd. She suddenly
screamed with shock as she felt something or someone pushing her
bottom hole. What was he doing? No, not there , please not there.
It was horrible! No!!

Melanie watched the little girl squirm and came closer with the
camera. "Okay Bobby, start to push it in, very gently." The boy
pushed the tip of the glistening rubber butt plug into the girl's
little bum hole. He quickly looked down. He could feel himself
getting hard. Why did it do that? He looked up to see if she'd
noticed. It was so embarrassing! He pushed the plug in a bit
more. It was funny when the girl clenched her bum like that. This
was fun. He wiggled the plug more and pushed it deeper. Her
little pussy was only a few inches from him and he tickled it
with his other hand. For a few seconds she stopped trying to
wriggle and he managed to push the plug all the way in. He looked
round at the lady. Melanie was smiling. "Good boy Bobby" she
whispered. "Now take the small red rubber thing next to you and
put some cream on that too" Bobby obeyed and smeared lubricant
over the little dildo she'd left on the table. He looked at the
top of the butt plu g sticking out of Emma's bottom, realising
suddenly that he'd probably be getting it in his bottom later. It
wouldn't be very nice but somehow he was looking forward to it.
It felt strange when the lady touched him there, and it always
made his thing stick up!

"Okay Bobby, play with her pussy for a few minutes. You know she
likes that." He ran his finger between the girl's pussy lips and
giggled as she suddenly stopped trying to move about. For a few
seconds he just held his finger there, then slowly inserted all
of them and began to wiggle them about. Wishing to satisfy his
curiosity, he pulled the lips apart and looked closely at the red
hole inside. That must be the hole where the man put his willy
when he wanted a baby, he thought. The lady had said that they
were much too young to make babies, but they could still have a
lot of fun. Would she make him put his willy in the girl's hole?
What would it feel like? If she did he hoped that the girl would
keep her blindfold on. He'd be so embarrassed if she saw him
doing it!

"Bobby, did you hear what I said?" Melanie's voice snapped him
out of his day dream. He looked up at her guiltily. "Sorry Miss."
Melanie chuckled. "Not paying attention eh? Good excuse to spank
you later isn't it?" She reached down and gently squeezed the tip
of the boy's erection. Bobby jumped and went red. "I told you,
young man, to start putting the end of the dildo in her pussy."
The boy did as she said and slid about an inch into the girl's
little red hole. This was a very new experience for the girl and
he saw her legs tense as if not quite sure if it was nice or not.
Following instructions he teased her pussy with it for a few
minutes until a nod from Melanie had him pushing it in further.
He continued his teasing until a third of the dildo was inside
her, about three inches. Melanie glanced down at the boy's penis.
She reckoned it was about four inches long when fully erect. "In
a bit more Bobby!" she ordered. Emma's body suddenly started to
writhe, little high pitched sounds escaping her gag. What had
seemed bearable if not quite enjoyable, had started to become
painful. The thing inside her was going deeper and it felt
terrible, like it was tearing her insides up. It was excruciating
now. Emma moved her head from side to side, trying attract
attention. Please no further. She couldn't bear it. What was the
boy doing? She screamed as loud as she could but no sound escaped
from the gag.

Bobby looked at the girl's legs and torso straining against the
ropes. Was it hurting her, or was she having an orgasasm thing
again? He looked at the lady. He didn't want to hurt her too
much. The lady might be angry with him. She nodded and he pushed
the dildo in another inch. The girl's body seemed to rise off the
table. Her blindfold was wet and her nose was running.

"Leave it in for a while Bobby." Melanie ordered, pulling him
gently back. She filmed the girl from a few more angles. "Walk
round her Bobby, and kiss her all over" she whispered after a
minute. "Stroke her little boobies-good. Lick them- again! Now
kiss her tummy." Melanie saw that with the girl's legs pulled
back, this wasn't easy. "Go back to where you were-between her
legs-good. Stroke her legs gently. Kiss her tummy and move down
to her pussy. Wiggle the dildo about- good. Now pull it out
slowly!" The girl writhed as he took it out.

"Don't worry Bobby" she said, seeing the boy was still gazing
anxiously at the girl's pussy. She sat down and pulled him to
her. "Her little pussy is a bit sore now but it will be perfectly
okay by tomorrow." Her hand crept down to his willy, now
completely limp. "You know, you can still have some fun with
her." Her hand stroked the back of his small scrotum. Bobby
looked at her. He was still shy but more with the girl than with
the lady. How did she manage to get his thing sticking up so
easily? It always felt so nice. "When your willy is nice and
stiff again, I'm going to show you what to do with it."

Emma turned her head. When would the lady let her get up? Her
pussy felt so sore. What had the boy put inside her? It wasn't
his willy, she was sure of that. She'd felt his fingers pushing
it in. It had been much nicer yesterday when she'd done things to
the boy. What was going on? Suddenly she flinched as her
butt-plug was slowly pulled out. At last! Her relief was short
lived. Something else was pressing her bottom hole. No, it
couldn't be!

Melanie smiled as Bobby started to slide his stiff penis into the
girl's anus. He hadn't liked the idea at first. She'd had to
explain how nice it would feel. She'd also reminded him of what
would happen if he wasn't obedient. The threat of a hard caning
had been enough!

Bobby pushed his willy all the way in. He saw the little girl try
to wriggle, but she obviously wasn't suffering like she had
before. The lady had been right. It was a nice feeling! He saw
her come closer with the camera and felt her hand pat his bottom.
"Go on Bobby, wiggle it in and out till you come!" The boy put
his hands round the girls thighs and began thrusting his willy in
and out. Melanie filmed him from different angles, finally moving
closer again as she heard him start to squeal. His whole body
shook as he climaxed, then he just stood there looking dazed.
Melanie whispered for him to pull his soft willy out and was
pleased to see it was clean.

"I want you to put her butt-plug back in now!" Bobby picked up
the black rubber plug and put more cream on it. Inserting it was
easy. The girl hardly moved as he slid it back in.

Melanie thought hard about the next step. It was ridiculous to
postpone the inevitable, and besides, the girl was already in the
correct position. Giving Bobby a glass of water, she sat him on
her lap and chatted, her hand toying playfully with his tiny limp
penis.

"You know, Emma wasn't very nice to you yesterday, was she?" she
asked, kissing his cheek. Bobby opened his legs wider as her
fingers sought out his small testicles. He did so enjoy the
attention. "No miss, she was horrible!" admitted the boy,
draining the glass. "Well, you have a chance to punish her now"
explained Melanie. "I'm going to let you spank her as hard as you
like, then you're going to whip her pussy! Would you like that?"
Bobby nodded, his eyes shining. Melanie smiled. She wondered how
he'd react if he knew that the girl would be doing much the same
to him later! "Well let's go and get you changed then."

Twenty minutes later she returned with Bobby, in only a small
black posing pouch, padded with tissue paper to make him look
bigger than he was. Emma was silent. Melanie loosened the little
girl's restraints and cradled her head while giving her a glass
of water.

"I'm sorry Emma, that wasn't meant to be so painful, but Bobby
went a little too far." She smiled and turned her head to be sure
that the boy wasn't listening. "Don't worry though. Once this
filming has finished, you'll have a chance to get your own back!"
With this, she deftly put the girl's gag back on and moved round
to the end of the table. Quickly, she adjusted the ropes so that
Emma's legs were together, though still pulled back towards her
head.

"We're going to have a little spanking scene now Emma" she
continued, patting the girl's buttock. "You've been a naughty
little slave girl and your young master has to punish you." She
chuckled at the look in Emma's eyes. "When Bobby takes your gag
off I want you to pretend to be a good obedient slave. You call
him master and don't speak unless he asks you a question. Is that
clear?" Something in the way she said this scared the little girl
and she nodded her head.

Bobby had been told what to do. On Melanie's command, he started
running his hand over Emma's tummy, then stroked her hair.
Gently, he removed her gag. "You've been a naughty girl, haven't
you?" he asked, grinning. How he was looking forward to this!
Melanie smiled and adjusted the camera. She didn't want too much
talking; she usually ended up having to edit a lot of it out.

Emma hesitated, then whispered "Yes master". "What should I do to
you then?" Bobby asked, flicking one of her tiny nipples. Emma
swallowed and started to cry. "S..Spank me master" she blurted
out, tears running down her cheeks. Melanie sighed. She hadn't
wanted tears so early in the scene. Not to worry; she'd probably
be able to edit some of it out.

Bobby touched one of the ropes pulling the girl's legs up over
her tummy, then stroked her behind the knee, letting his hand
travel down to her large bottom. "Yes, and then I'm going to whip
your little pussy" Bobby touched the girl's butt- plug and pulled
it out.

Emma flinched as the butt-plug came out and looked at the boy in
horror. "Wwhat?" Whip her pussy? What did that mean? She tried
to see where the lady was. "Miss?" she called, her voice shaking.
"Miss?" Melanie paused the cameras. "Emma, if you shout like that
one more time, I'll put your gag back in and let Bobby use the
cane on your pussy as well as your bottom!" she said angrily. The
girl looked at her unbelievingly. Cane? Bobby use the cane on
her? Noplease no. "The pussy whipping is part of the scene. Now
be quiet!" Stepping back, she pressed the button on her remote
and nodded at the boy. "Start the spanking Bobby. Remember what I
said!"

Bobby positioned himself to one side as instructed and started
slapping Emma's bottom, lightly at first, then harder. For a few
seconds, the girl was still in shock at what she'd just heard and
hardly realised he'd started spanking her. A few hard slaps on
her thighs soon got her attention. "Owwowww..no pleaseowww!"

She saw the boy look at her and smile cruelly. His eyes said
everything. Now it was his turn. The slaps got harder. Melanie's
eyes widened. This was marvellous! She checked the recording
level. The little girl was crying louder and begging Bobby to
stop. One thing was certain: nobody could accuse her of faking!
Seeing the lady nod at him, Bobby spanked as hard as he could.
Oblivious to the girl's screams, Melanie took a camera and walked
round the table filming close ups of the writhing form securely
bound and unable to move. Panning from the girl's large reddened
buttocks, she focused on Bobby's posing pouch, then round to his
bare behind, the thong hidden deep between his buttocks.

Bobby stopped for a second and blew hard into the palm of his
hand. It was starting to smart! "Okay Bobby, time to whip her"
said Melanie, stopping the cameras. Taking him to one side she
showed him the light martinet she'd brought with her. "Tickle her
with it for a while before you start" she told him, briefly
feeling his erection. "When you whip her pussy, do it nice and
slowly." She felt the light leather cords with her hand. "You can
give her twelve hard strokes. They'll hurt but she'll be as right
as rain in a few hours."

Back at the bench, Melanie quickly tightened the ropes attached
to the girl's knees, pulling her legs as far apart as possible.
Activating the cameras, she watched Bobby dangle the cords of the
martinet over the girl's pussy. Emma flinched as she felt them
tickling her, then seemed to relax. Melanie looked at Bobby's
pouch and tried not to laugh. His penis had lengthened and she
could clearly see the tip peeping out. Putting the cameras on
pause, she told him to stop for a second. "It's no good Bobby.
You look silly in that posing pouch. We'll continue the scene
without it." In a second, she'd taken it off him and was back
behind the cameras. "I want you to start whipping her now, but
keep that little willy sticking up all the time!"

Bobby looked down at his erect penis and sighed. It really seemed
to have a mind of its own. He saw the lady pointing one of the
cameras straight at it and he reddened slightly and gripped the
martinet hard. Raising it above his head he whipped it down hard
between the girl's legs. Emma screamed as the cords slashed
across her pussy. For a second, Bobby seemed to sparkle, then he
looked at Melanie, worried. His willy slowly sank to half mast.
Melanie swore under her breath and paused the cameras yet again.

"Now listen Bobby" she said, taking his hand, "Emma deserves this
whipping and besides, she's not suffering as much as you think."
She took his softening penis between two fingers. "I want some
good hard whipping from you and I want this willy to stay up all
the time." She squeezed it firmly and smiled. "You can rub it
while your whipping her if you like. Just remember one thing."
She paused. "I expect complete obedience from this moment on.
When I tell you something, you do exactly what I say. When I say
your willy must be stiff, I want it to stay up until I tell you
to make it soft. Any sign of disobedience and we'll be having
rather a long session with the cane-understand?" She smiled again
as he nodded, her fingers slowly coaxing his little penis to
stiffen again. She preferred not to tell him that a long session
with the cane was just what she had in mind a few days from now.
She thought of the request she'd received and the amount of money
offered. They'd be no acting required for that! She wondered how
many strokes he'd be able to take before she had to use the
restraints.

Bobby gazed at the girl's small pussy and waited for the lady to
tell him to start again. He raised the martinet and held his
willy with his other hand. Yes, that felt good!

Melanie filmed him continuously as he punished the little girl.
Her screams had died to shrill yelps as she waited for each
stroke to land. Bobby rubbed his swollen penis faster and whipped
her as hard as he could. Melanie grinned as the girl writhed,
then focused a camera again on the boy's penis. She frowned.
"Bobby" she called sharply. "Stop rubbing please. I don't want
you to have an orgasm yet." Bobby obeyed and looked at her with a
hurt expression. The tingly feeling had been close, so very
close.

It was over. The cameras were switched off, various cassettes and
smartcards collected and placed in a box for downloading and
editing. She saw the boy fidgeting and ordered him to visit the
bathroom. The girl was sobbing gently, her pubic area a bright
red colour, criss-crossed with thin red marks. Swiftly, Melanie
bathed the area with cold water, then applied a potent
corticosteroid cream and dissolved some aspirin in a glass of
water. She untied the girl, watching her carefully as she drank.
Really not much damage done, she thought. The martinet had been
light. Yes, it had been painful, but the girl was strong.

She held the girl's sweaty body against her and stroked her hair.
"Sshh, don't cry" she murmured softly. "Bobby was far too rough.
He's a wicked boy for hurting you so much. " Emma drained the
glass and sniffed. "Hehe was horrible!" she blurted out, her
tears dropping on Melanie's arm. "Well don't worry. You're going
to have a chance to get your own back after lunch" said Melanie,
a thin smile on her lips. She lowered her voice and whispered. "I
bet you'd like to whip his bum hard, wouldn't you?" The girl
blinked and nodded. Melanie smiled. "And I'm sure you'd like to
do something with those things between his legs. His willy
deserves a lesson, and his little balls-well, I'm sure you'd just
love to play with those. Perhaps a game of ping pong?" The little
girl's eyes opened wide as she imagined her revenge on the boy.

Bobby returned and Melanie smiled as he instinctively hid his
privates from the girl. "What did I tell you about covering
yourself?" asked Melanie, her voice firm. The boy reddened and
let his arms fall to his sides. Melanie sighed. The boy was
clearly in need of discipline. Her eyes fell on his small penis.
"From now on Bobby, I want you to try and keep it hard for me all
the time. But without rubbing it. Do you think you can do that?"
The boy looked at her in dismay, then at the girl. "I..I don't
know miss" he replied, looking puzzled. "Well I think I may have
something that will help. Come on you two, follow me!"

In the studio next door, she rummaged in a small box and drew out
what appeared to the children to be a rubber carrot. Melanie
looked at Bobby and grinned. "I haven't used this for a long
time." She turned the thing over in her hands. "It's a small
vibrating butt-plug. Can you guess where I'm going to put it
Bobby?" The young boy blushed. Within a few seconds, Melanie had
him on all fours, bum sticking up, while she smeared the plug
with lubricant. Emma watched, her mouth wide open as the lady
gently began to push the plug into the boy's anus. Bobby started
to cry and clenched his buttocks hard. "Now don't be a silly
boy!" whispered Melanie softly. "I know it feels strange going
in, but you'll soon get used to it." She patted his bottom. "Now
relax a bit and let me push it all the way in." She paused. "I
can always use the cane to change your mind if you like!" Bobby
sniffed and relaxed his buttocks long enough for her to slip it
in up to the base. "Right, th at should stay in now. I don't want
to see you touching it or trying to pull it out!" She turned to
Emma. "See this here" she said, pointing to a small black button
on the base. "You can switch it on for him." The little girl put
her small hand on the soft rubber base and pressed the button.
Finally allowed to rise, Bobby's hands went to the hard thing in
his bottom, then, seeing the expression on the lady's face,
quickly stood up straight, his arms by his sides.

"Right you two. Let's go and have lunch." The children followed
her up to the kitchen and sat down while she prepared sandwiches.
She glanced at Emma. "Sit with your legs open please. You too
Bobby!" The girl obeyed. The lady was right, she thought. The
cool air seemed to soothe the soreness. Bobby looked at the
girl's bright red pussy and blushed again. He opened his legs
wider. If only the girl wouldn't keep looking at his willy! He
did so want to cover his privates. He glanced at the lady and
sighed. He had to keep that cane away from his bottom at all
costs! He sat up straighter and suddenly realised how much the
thing in his bottom was buzzing. It was a strange feeling. Not
unpleasant. In factHe clenched his buttocks and gasped. Melanie
smiled. She'd read that stimulating the prostate and base of the
penis often took time to have an effect. Emma's mouth opened in
amazement as the boy's penis stirred and started to lengthen
until it was sticking straight up.

"Don't look so surprised Emma. It's not the first time you've
seen Bobby's willy go hard." Melanie laughed as Bobby's face
turned even redder. The little girl look puzzled. "But it looks
bigger than last time" she said, taking a sandwich from the
plate. "That's because Bobby has something inside his bottom
that's tickling his privates-but from the inside." Bobby looked
on in horror as the lady put a plate in front of him, then
reached down and casually held his throbbing erection. It seemed
to swell even more. "Good boy" whispered Melanie, nudging his
little balls playfully. She stood up. "Right, eat up you two,
then we can get back to work." She looked at Bobby, still gazing
down between his legs. "I don't want to see you touching it
Bobby! Now finish your sandwiches!"

She watched them eat and munched a plate of salad. What a cute
pair they were! She looked at Bobby and a strong sensation of
pure lust enveloped her. Why not wait till the evening? Save him
for later. Then again, why not now as well? The children finished
their lunch. Melanie called the girl over to the door. "In the
office there are those photos I showed you in the desk. Stay
there until I come and have a long look at them all.." She peeped
round at Bobby and lowered her voice. "They'll give you plenty of
ideas for punishing Bobby later!"

The girl left, an evil grin on her face. "Okay Bobby, come with
me!" The boy followed her to the bathroom where she waited
outside while he used the toilet and washed his hands and face.
Wondering what on earth she was going to do, he meekly followed
her to the bedroom. He sighed. Whatever it was, he had to be good
and obedient. Don't make the lady angry. At the thought of that,
his buttocks twitched and he felt the butt plug buzzing away
inside him.. His penis hardened.

"I said, come over here Bobby!" The boy jumped. He hadn't heard
the lady call him. His eyes widened. She was sitting in a large
armchair, completely naked! She smiled at his reaction. "Come on
Bobby, your teacher's waiting!" She sat him on her knee and
teased his stiff little penis, gently pulling his head to her
breast speaking to him quietly. "I want you to make me have an
orgasm Bobby- like you did last night-remember?" Bobby nodded. He
recalled being made to lick her..there..but he'd been so sleepy!

Melanie was a good teacher. She slumped back and sighed as the
boy's mouth sucked her left nipple, his tongue licking the end
until it stiffened. Her fingers played with the boy's privates.
He was completely erect and seemed desperate for release. She
smiled. Not yet. He had to save it for the filming!

Bobby felt the lady let go of his willy and looked at her
reproachfully. He'd been close-very close to having his orgasm
thing. It felt so nice when she played with him there! Melanie
looked at him sternly. "I hope you weren't about to come young
man!" she said, placing him between her legs. "You'll only have
an orgasm when I tell you to. Otherwise." Bobby swallowed. He
could guess what that meant!

Melanie opened her legs wider and ordered the boy to get to work.
Her mouth opened in a silent scream as she felt his little tongue
pushing deeper in her pussy. She adjusted her position and gently
pushed his head further down. Her clitoris was begging for
attention and as the boy's tongue found it, she stiffened as if
electrified. Waves of orgasm swept her body. It seemed to
continue for ever. Slowly she opened her eyes and told Bobby to
stand. His cheeky face glistened as he rose. "Go and wash your
face Bobby, then come back." He turned to go. "Wait a second!"
Melanie opened a small plastic pot and took out two more viagra
pills. "Take these while you're there Bobby." "Are they vitamins
again, miss? Will they make me bigger" Melanie smiled and looked
at the little boy's penis, still erect. "Yes Bobby, you'll be
much bigger!".

