Given The Option
by Art Martin

Acceding to the demands of her father to get a job, Vicki and her friend lay out their options...

Vicki had done well in high school, not great, but good enough. She had done everything I had asked of her, stayed out of trouble and didn’t get knocked up. Vicki was one of those girls that had an incredible body and a pretty face to go along with it, accented with long, thick blonde hair and blue eyes. I knew damned good and well that every jock in school would be trying to get to her panties and several did. 
She had always done what I asked her to do, and that included being honest with me when she began having sex. That was two years ago or so when she told me. It was difficult for her; I could tell just how much she didn’t want to tell me and how much she dreaded my reaction. I know she was relieved when I didn’t get upset. I had expected it… her discovering sex that is. As a single father trying my best to fill dual roles of mother and father, I acted like an adult, rather than just as an overprotective father. I took her to a doctor, put her on birth control and urged her to be careful.
I think that cemented our relationship. I treated her like an adult and she acted responsibly in return. Oh, I’m sure she experimented with this and that, and I’m sure that she really wasn’t spending the night with Lisa, her best friend, every time she called at eleven PM on a Saturday night. But those were her choices, not mine. 
My attitudes extended to her friends and they all thought of me as the coolest dad ever. I never grounded her and rarely said no. What I did was explain to her the unvarnished facts of life, the dangers of drinking and dope, and the dangers of promiscuous sex. She listened and she took what I said to heart. Therefore she was rarely a problem. 
However, as graduation approached there was a big problem; I couldn’t get her to decide on a college. No matter how much I cajoled her and reminded her of deadlines and such, she never really pursued going to college. It became apparent that she wasn’t even all that interested in going to the local community college for a year or so before heading off to somewhere more exciting. 
As the summer after graduation wore on, it seemed that the only thing she was interested in was hanging out by the pool all day with her buddy, Lisa, and her other two friends, Jena and Kimberly. Not that I minded, they were all stunningly good looking babes, especially in the thong bikinis they wore. My only regret was that I was usually at work and missed the show. 
I also knew that it wasn’t always just the two or four of them at the house while I was tending to business. On more than one occasion, I had found a few used rubbers in the trash, but I never said anything. Why would I? Vicki was a very sexy girl and she was very comfortable with her sexuality. She was doing what I asked her to do, that is, protect herself. Of course I wasn’t exactly thrilled about it mind you, but she was eighteen, an adult, and it was none of my business who she or her friends screwed.
What was my business was that she wasn’t pursuing anything, not school and not a job. I decided that I needed to light a fire under her and one day told her that I expected her to a least get a job and pay her own expenses. She listened, like she always did, and replied, “Okay, Daddy. I will.”
A few weeks passed and nothing had changed. She and Lisa sunbathed all day… in the nude probably, and sometimes entertained a guy or two. At night, she’d dress up and go clubbing, staying out to the wee hours. This was not what I expected. I decided that we would have to have another talk.
Over dinner I brought up the subject. She surprised me by asking if Lisa could move in with us. “She can use the spare bedroom,” she told me.
“Hmmm, well, okay by me, but she will have to pay for room and board and so will you, young lady. I expect you to be responsible and earn your way. Get a job! You’re not a little girl anymore.”
“I’m not your little girl anymore?”
“Of course you are, but you aren’t a child. I’ve tried to teach you to make your own decisions and be responsible. I expect nothing less of you.”
“Then Lisa can move in?”
“What will her parents say?”
Vicki answered my question with another question. “What can they say?”
“I don’t want to get in the middle of a family squabble,” I replied. 
“Well, her mom and dad are spitting up.” That was news to me. “Her mom wants to move back to Nebraska. Lisa hates it there.”
“What about her dad?”
“What about him? He’s nothing like you, Daddy. Believe me.”
“Okay.” I really didn’t know the man, so I took her at her word. “So, how are you and Lisa going to pay the rent?”
“We’re working on something.”
“Like what?”
“Oh, you’ll see. I think you’ll like it.”
“Oh? So tell me more,” I said trying my best to extract a little hard information out of her.
“Can Lisa move in?”
“I thought I ready said, ‘yes’.”
“I just wanted to be sure,” she said with a grin.
“And…?”
“And what, Daddy?”
“Tell me more? What are your plans?”
“We’re working on it, okay? Trust me, Daddy. We’re working on it.”  She wouldn’t elaborate, so I dropped it, trusting that they were working on a plan and when they had the details worked out, Vicki would tell me. Ha!
Three days later, Lisa moved into my spare bedroom. All of a sudden it was like a permanent sleep over, with the two girls always chattering and running about half dressed… not that I minded. 
Lisa, like my Vicki, was an exquisite girl. Very pretty and downright sexy, she was a head shorter than Vicki. She had long dark hair almost down to her butt, almost black except it was brown, dark brown to go with her dark brown eyes and she had a figure that turned men’s heads so fast it gave them whiplash. She certainly turned my head… especially in that thong! Good god! I was hard almost constantly when she was around and she was around quite a lot. She was even bustier than Vicki was, and that’s saying a lot. That girl had some knockers!  It was a tossup as to which of them had the finer ass… they had both killer asses and I regularly got an eyeful. 
I waited patiently for them to tell me their plan, but none was forth coming. As far as I could tell, the plan was for me to support them both.  Finally I had enough of the delays.
I was determined to get an answer when I came home from work that day. Jena and Kimberly were over and not surprisingly, they were all out on the pool deck getting some sun; actually, a lot of sun. I could see two girls, each in a chase lounge, but only their feet, legs and bare butts. I saw Kimberly stand up. Good god! She was totally nude! She shook out her shoulder length curly hair, bent over and picked up the pieces of her nearly non-existent bikini, slipped it on and then slipped on a pair of shorts and a very short t-shirt.
Then Jena came into view, just as naked as Kimberly was until she too put on her clothes. Damn! A moment later they were heading towards the house, so I ducked into my bedroom and slipped on some swim trunks. No harm in going for a swim!
The two other girls had gone home or wherever they were heading. Walking out to the pool deck, I stopped and gazed down at the two bronzed girls lying on their stomachs, their totally nude bodies glistening with oil in the sunshine. Actually with the thongs they usually wore, there wasn’t that much more to see, but the sight was beautiful and I hoped for a little more. 
“Afternoon, ladies,” I said announcing my presence. 
Vicki pushed her head up and greeted, “Hi, Daddy,” like it was no big deal for her to be nude. Lisa looked at me also and smiled. 
“It’s not polite to stare, Daddy,” my daughter chastised.
“It can’t be helped,” I countered. “Naked women always get my attention.”
“I’m your daughter!”
“So what? I’m a man first and foremost, Vicki. You’re a beautiful woman. Damned beautiful and so is Lisa.”
“Why, thank you, Mr. Tom,” Lisa purred.
“You should have been here earlier,” Vicki said with a grin.
“I was… Kimberly and Jena are hot numbers too.”
“So you think we’re hot?”
“God damned right you are! Shit! You really need to wear some more clothes around here.”
“You don’t like the view, Daddy?”
“Now that’s a stupid question. I love the view! And that’s the problem.”
“It’s no problem at all. You’re my daddy.”
“Please keep reminding me of that, sweetheart.” 
I was plainly stiff as an Egyptian obelisk. I had long given up trying to hide my hard-ons from these two foxes, as they were quite comfortable parading around in front of me practically naked and they knew what the effect was on me. Shit, there is only so much a man could take! I was sorely tempted just to drop my trunks and mounting Lisa… I’d thought of it often enough and who could blame me? Instead I controlled my baser instincts and dove into the pool, churning away at a furious pace to settle my raging libido. 
While I swam I saw Vicki out of the corner of my eye, sit up and slip on a t-shirt. Jeez, what a set of knockers! Lisa followed suit and I stopped swimming, preferring to ogle instead. She put on her bikini top, taking her sweet time and giving me quite a show. Even in place it really did not hide much. Then both of them stood up and slipped on their skimpy thong bottoms. The little show did nothing to relieve my condition. Both girls then walked to the steps and entered the water, careful not to get their hair wet. They took turns piling the other’s hair high on the head and then slipped into the water neck deep. 
I continued my frenzied workout and swam until I was good and fatigued. Finally I had enough and pulled myself from the water. I was drying off when Vicki and Lisa exited the pool. Vicki’s t-shirt molded to her incredible tits and seemingly disappeared leaving little to the imagination regarding her tits and fat nipples. Lisa’s top at least it hid her nipples, but not the outline, and that was about all it hid. 
I had all I could stand and retreated into the house to get a cold brew, my newly aroused pecker even more obvious as my wet trucks clung to me like Vicki’s wet t-shirt clung to her. At least my trunks weren’t transparent! 
I had guzzled the first half of my beer in three gulps. By that time, the girls were in the house too. They weren’t in any big hurry to get into dry clothes and hung about just a few feet away, driving me nuts. Still, I had to talk to them about getting a job or something. That was the reason I came home early from the office in the first place.
I downed the rest of my beer and stepped up to them. “Listen, girls,” I began, “I really don’t mind either of you, or Jena or Kimberly for that fact, running around nude, but I’ve got to warn you… I can’t keep this up; you’re driving me absolutely mad. Fair warning… someone’s gonna get…” I stopped myself short of saying it.
“Gonna get what, Daddy?”
“I think you both know exactly what I was thinking.”
“Oh?” my prick teasing daughter teased.
“Yeah, well… what I really want to talk to you two about is this; what are your plans? You both said you were working on something, so let’s hear it! Maybe I can offer a suggestion or two.”
“Well, um…”
“Quit stalling, Vicki. Let’s hear it. Now!”
“Hmmm. Okay, Daddy. Lisa and I have been talking this over and we decided…”
“Go on.”
“Well, we have two options that we’re interested in,” Vicki continued. She looked over at Lisa and Lisa turned away, covering her mouth to keep from laughing. Then both girls began giggling. I patently waited for the giggling to stop, treating myself to sight of their tits jiggling. Damn…
The schoolgirl outburst ended and they both just stared at me like I knew what they were going to say without them saying it. “You have two options,” I gently prompted.
“Yes… Promise you won’t get mad?”
“Just tell me what your plans are,” I pleaded.
“Okay, but only if you promise not to get mad.”
“Okay, I promise,” I answered with a sigh. This was like watching grass grow, only the view was much more interesting. 
“Okay.” They looked at each other and I thought they’d burst out giggling again. Jiggling tits… that would be infinitely better than all this “promise” crap. “We’re all adults right?”
“Yes, go on, Vicki,” I replied trying hide my growing impatience and struggling to keep my eyes up and off those jugs. 
“And we can make our own decisions, right?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you’re the best guy that any of us knows.
"Isn’t that right, Lisa?” Lisa smiled and nodded her agreement.
“What does that have to do with it?” I asked.
“Everything!”
“Vicki, I’m following you.”
“You’re a really sexy man, Daddy,” my daughter purred. “You know that, don’t you?”
“If you say so.”
“We say so! All my friends think you’re such a hunk!”
“What does that have to do…”
“Well, we decided that we… well, for one thing we thought you might like us living with you.”
“You are living with me.”
“Well, duh! That’s not what we mean. Live with you… as your girlfriends.”
“Uh, I’m not sure if I follow.”
“You know, sleep with you and….”
“Have sex with you,” finished Lisa with a sexy smile.
“Yeah, we’d be like your mistresses,” my daughter explained. I stood there dumbfounded, not at all sure if I had just heard this correctly. “Uh, we all like sex and all. Like it a lot and… you’re the best, hunkiest guy ever, and we can tell that you’re well hung.”
“You want to have sex with me?”
“We both do. Jena and Kimberly too, but they don’t count.”
I took a deep breath, gathering up all my skills as a father and as a parent. “Isn’t there a little problem with me being your father?”
“Oh, don’t be so prudish, Daddy! We all think it’s a hot idea! That goes especially for me.”
Holy ta-moly!  I was just propositioned by my incredibly sexy daughter! “Uh, okay… And what is your second option?”
“We’ve been checking in on it and, uh, we can make tons and tons of money working for an escort service,” Vicki explained nonchalantly.
“WHAT!”
“Daddy, you promised not to get mad!”
“I… uh… I…. you….” I stammered at a complete loss of words. I finally got a grip of myself. “That’s your plan? That’s your plan? This is what you’ve been working on?”
“We’ve talked about this a lot!” Vicki defended. “You promised not to get mad!”
“Are you fucking serious?” I had never used that word with Vicki before.
“Yes! Yes, we are! Don’t you want us?”
“I…” I needed a stiff drink in the worst way, but Vicki grabbed my arm as I tried to flee. 
“It’s up to you, Daddy. Option one or option two?” 
I was totally dumbfounded and stood there like I was shell shocked. Then Lisa sealed the deal. She moved to me, cupped my face in her hands and kissed me, sensuously kissed me, running her tongue around my lips and gently nibbling at my lips before driving her tongue into my mouth. As our lips danced a dance of passion, my arms wrapped around Lisa’s ultra fine body, hugging her to me and mashing her sumptuous breasts against me. Meanwhile, I felt another pair of hands on my bare back, gently caressing me. 
The hands on my back slid down to the waistband of my wet swim trunks and began tugging them down, off my hips and down my thighs until they were deposited at my feet. Then Vicki began kissing her way up the back of my legs. As she began laying full, open mouthed kisses on my butt, daughter or not, I naturally became very excited, not believing that this was happening at all. My erection poked into Lisa’s bare tummy and she stopped kissing my lips. 
Slowly Lisa moved her lips to my neck and then to my chest, over my stomach and past my navel. As she came ever nearer my raging erection, Vicki was doing things I never imagined my daughter doing to me, namely licking and kissing along the cleft and under and between my legs. When Lisa’s lips first brushed over the head of my steel hard cock, my daughter nuzzled into my balls from behind. 
Suddenly they stopped. Lisa moved back and took my right hand, Vicki took my left and they led me back to my bedroom and to my king sized bed where I was direct to sit. Sit while Lisa’s top came off. Sit while Vicki peeled her wet t-shirt off. Sit while the thongs were pulled down and stepped out of. Sit until I was pushed back onto the bed, where Vicki took up kissing me. Meanwhile, Lisa took up where she left off with my cock. 
I moaned into Vicki’s mouth as I felt Lisa’s full lips surround my cockhead. Two tongues lashed at me driving me high into the forbidden rarified atmosphere of wild uninhibited wantonness, vaporizing my willpower and conscience. Lisa began sliding her mouth over my raging ram rod. Vicki broke off her passionate kisses and instead lowered a stiff nipple to my mouth. Greedily I devoured my daughter’s offering, sucking at it as if my very life depended upon it. 
Suddenly Vicki pulled her tit from my voraciously sucking mouth and straddled me, sitting up on my chest and looking down at me. Her eyes blazed with lust as she smiled lovingly down at me. I felt cold air on my cock as Lisa stopped sucking me. My hips bucked upward, trying to find the loving lips that had so recently given me such pleasure. Then Vicki rose slightly and moved back until my cock was between her legs. She settled down on me, trapping my cock between my stomach and her cunt. Then she began to move, rotating her hips back and forth, dragging her slippery cunt slit along the underside of my penis.
Vicki’s eyes seemed to be out of focus; her face was flush and twisted with sexual desire as she rubbed her pussy along the length of my cock taking particular care to rub her clit with my glans. I whimpered as the buildup of sexual energy rose higher in my body, overwhelming my senses with its carnal sensuality. Then she stopped. She rose higher. I watched in awe struck wonder as Vicki grasped my cock, aimed it and impaled herself on it. In an instant, the taboo was totally shattered as Vicki and I began to fuck like two possessed demons. 
I rolled us over so as to be on top and take charge. She wrapped her legs around me and with her heels she urged me on and on as I pumped into her pussy with a fury, her huge tits bouncing on her chest as I fucked her as hard as I could. Neither of us lasted very long. Vicki’s tummy began to dance and she arched her back in a vain attempt to get more cock into her. Her cunt then exploded in an orgasmic fury, her drenching juices flowing over my wildly swinging balls as I continued to ram my steely cock into her spasmodically contracting cuntal tube. Then with a shout, I came, shooting great gouts of semen into my baby girl’s cunt. The intensity was so great that I nearly blacked out. It was an earth shattering orgasm, one that altered my life forever.
Then it was over… for the moment. I lurched to the side, not wanting to crush her under my large frame and gasped for breath. But it wasn’t over, not by a long shot. I lay on my back, my chest heaving. Lisa moved in taking my cock, fresh from Vicki’s cunt, wet and still dripping into her mouth. 
“Fuck, yeah!” I moaned as my daughter’s best friend went down on me again. The entire episode had already blown my mind and it wasn’t over yet. Soon, Lisa had me erect again and she moved to take me inside her. She bounced up and down on my rejuvenated prick a few times and then suddenly moved off, crawling into the edge of the bed with her butt high in the air. I didn’t need any further encouragement. 
Slipping off the bed, I positioned myself behind her and skewered her juicy cunt from behind.  I was so engrossed in what Lisa was offering me that I didn’t notice what else she’d done. Pumping into her, I saw that her head was also between Vicki’s splayed legs. Vicki’s hips jerked upward as Lisa began to eat my daughter out. That did it; I became a wild man, pummeling Lisa’s pussy while watching her eating my incestuous cum out of Vicki’s freshly fucked pussy. Vicki in turn was pulling on her nipples like she was trying to tear them off her tits. Lisa’s buttocks quaked with the repeated impact of my groin against her extra fine backside. The overall effect was the hottest thing I ever saw in my life! 
I fucked Lisa through two intense orgasms before I pulled out of her wonderful youthful cunt. I literally crawled over her, and forced her out from between Vicki legs. A moment later, my cock was deep inside my daughter again, fucking her like a runaway jackhammer until I cried out again as my balls exploded, sending a second load of incestuous seed into her. My frenzied fucking came to an abrupt halt as I jerked about, shooting thick gouts of spermy goo into my daughter’s hot clasping cunt. 
This time I was finished. I collapsed onto Vicki, and soon with my cock still inside her, dozed off for a quick nap. When I woke, I found that I had slobbered all over Vicki’s neck. I moved off of her and onto my back, basking in the afterglow of terrific sex. I didn’t even know where Lisa was until she came back into the bedroom, carrying with her a glass filled with 15-year-old scotch on the rocks. I sat up and she held the glass, putting it to my lips for me to drink. Naturally a little cold liquid dibbled out and onto my bare skin. No matter, Vicki was right there to lick up anything I dribbled. As I drank the single malt scotch it crossed my mind that these two sexy foxes were mere toddlers when this fine elixir was first distilled. They certainly weren’t toddlers anymore.
With Lisa snuggled up to me on one side, caressing my scalp and brushing my arms with her amazing tits, Vicki moved up to the other side and snuggled up too. With my hands free it allowed me to freely explore the two glorious sets of feminine orbs that were now totally available to me. I spilled a little more scotch and Vicki set about cleaning me up and in the process licking off the scotch that had fallen onto my dick, her playful licks turned into oral caresses. Soon Vicki had my cock swirling in her mouth and in doing so began to get another rise out of me. Could it get any better than this? 
Putting aside all conventional notions of properity and relishing the sensual blowjob I was getting from my sexy daughter, I took another deep sip of scotch and realized that I never really gave them an answer. Option one or option two? “I pick option one!” I declared with finality. 
Vicki’s head immediately popped up letting my wet and newly rejuvenated cock to slap against my tummy. Pushing me down on my back, my daughter declared, “You said we could make our own decisions, Daddy! And we are! You chose to take us as your girlfriends, and we’re very happy about that. But we need to make some money too and we want to do both! You always said that you should love what you do for living and we love sex and men!
“Daddy, we have this really cool website up and running and we have placed ads in certain local newspapers. We’re already in the escort business and have several clients!  What with all the conventions in town, we’re going to make a fortune and have fun doing it!" 
Before I could reply to this news, Lisa swung on top of me and took my cock into her hot cunt. She didn’t grind into me like Vicki had, instead she began a slow sensuous ride where she leaned over and lightly brushed my chest with those humongous hooters of hers as she fucked me.  
“We just have one more detail,” Vicki continued as I was being screwed. “Can Jena and Kimberly live here too?” Vicki asked hopefully. “They can be your girlfriends too.”
I really don’t think I said ‘yes’, but what could I do? I sure as hell wasn’t going to say no at this point. Besides, ever since Vicki was little and we were alone in the world, I don’t think I ever told her ‘no’ to anything she had set her mind on. So, why start now?
 
THE END
