Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 27 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mfff, oral, exhib, voy
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
Somehow I ended up screwing my foster-sister Anna as well 
as two of her friends, Hailey and Rosalie; somehow we all 
fell in love.

Though things have fallen to pieces around us with our 
respective parents finding out what has been going on, I 
think I've been able to keep the girls safe while I have 
to leave for at least a while.

Ma and Doug have left us alone in the house for my final 
few hours knowing that we are likely to all have sex of 
one sort or another.  After we'd proven them right during 
exhausting morning we shared a much more respectable 
lunch.

*********************************************************

As we picked up the dirty lunch dishes and prepared to 
set the kitchen to rights again the doorbell rang and we 
stopped and looked at each other.

Anna was the best dressed of us all and had the most 
right to claim residence.  She headed to the lounge 
window and looked out.

"There is a delivery van there."

I left the others waiting to consider a dash upstairs and 
had a look as well.  I recognised certain signs.

"It's all right.  You can go back into the kitchen."

Anna was by the door and I signalled for her to answer 
it.  She did so to the hurried patter of bare feminine 
feet going into the kitchen and I say Hubby dressed as an 
Express Packaging deliveryman.

"Good afternoon miss.  I have some boxes here for Miss 
Draper.

"Thank you," I said over Anna's shoulder.  "Could you 
bring them in please?"

"Certainly.  Where would you like them?"

"I think upstairs.  It's okay Anna.  I can fix them up."

"Like that?"

"They won't care."

Shaking her head Anna went back to the kitchen to explain 
and express her amazement at my exhibitionistic streak.  
I wasn't worried about Hubby seeing my underwear - people 
wore far less at the beach and that didn't include the 
rock pool we had visited.  I hadn't expected his wife to 
be accompanying him though.  She was similarly uniformed 
and dropped a pile of empty boxes into my arms.

"Here you go Roger.  We'll do a swap."

"Thanks June."

"Like your gear.  Interrupt something?"

She headed outside without waiting for an answer.

I took the boxes upstairs and Hubby joined me with a full 
box and some tape,

"Where do you want them?"

"Just here thanks.  Got many?"

"With all my worldly goods I thee endow!  We just 
basically threw the young lady's bedroom through a vacuum 
cleaner.  She should have most of it.  There are enough 
that you've got plenty of time to pack.  Let us know if 
you need more boxes."

"I'll put my toys away but other than that I haven't much 
more than I came with.  I shouldn't need long then I'll 
give you a hand."

"Thanks."

He went downstairs and passed June coming up.

"In here."

"Thanks lover boy."  She sniffed the atmosphere in my 
room.  "So this is the love nest?  You all fit in here?"

"Not so far.  Hailey will get this room."

June looked out of the window to the flat roof I had used 
for my nocturnal jaunts.

"At least she's not likely to need to climb in and out 
windows; or are the girls going to be under curfew 
restrictions?"

"No, I think they are sweet."

"I think they must be," she deliberately misinterpreted.

"I'll introduce you if you like.  If you're allowed."

"I don't think we're going to cause any *MORE* headaches 
so long as there are no group photos."

"No - and sorry and thanks for everything."

"You're welcome."

She headed off and Hubby returned.  I got busy with my 
boxes.  Two remote control cars in one box, padded top 
and bottom with shirts.  Tool kit and some books in the 
other.  I threw a change of clothes into the suitcase I 
had come with and put another outfit on top to dress in 
later.  The rest of my clothes went into a third box.

I really didn't have much in the way of possessions with 
me.  Everything I needed was kept in a 'U-Store-It-Here' 
block when I wasn't actually on holiday somewhere.

I took the boxes out into the corridor where they 
wouldn't get confused with those coming in and waited for 
June to drop yet another box into my room.

"If you bring them to the landing I'll run them up the 
stairs.  Come and meet the girls anyway."

The 'girls' had been poking their heads around the corner 
as they heard people going out and were curious as to 
what was actually in the boxes.  Hailey wondered who had 
packed them and what had been included - and missed.

They were taken by surprise when June appeared after I 
had walked into the kitchen.

"Awk!"

"*ROGER*!"

"Don't worry.  Think of the lake.  June this is Anna, 
Rosalee and Hailey.  Ladies, this is June who looks after 
me from time to time."

"Hi there.  I just wanted to finally meet you.  Roger has 
been a bit of a surprise but I can see what attracted him 
to the three of you - and you to him."  She swiped my 
butt.

"Hailey, I got first look at your bedroom so you needn't 
worry anyone's been prying through your things.  You'll 
have a bit of sorting to do I'm afraid but every thing 
should be safe.  If we have missed anything I'm sorry."

"Thank you.  I guess I've got the most important things 
right here."

"Smart of you to realise.  I do have a message from your 
sister.  She's hoping you're back at school soon so you 
can talk.  I think she's a bit pissed at your parents.  
If you decide to go back I think they will have forgotten 
their brainwashing nonsense but will probably still try 
and feed their opinions to you 24-7 so it might not seem 
any different."

"I'd have to think about it a fair bit first.  Thanks."

"June?"

"Yes Rosalee?"

"Are you going to be looking out for Roger when he is 
gone?"

"I don't know but it isn't likely."

"Well if you do, or you can speak to the people who will, 
can you see he stays safe and doesn't do anything stupid 
please?  We want him back."

"I'll see what I can do."

"And I'll see about carrying these boxes upstairs!"

Anna followed us out and saw the man who'd been there 
when I opened the door.  I took the box he was carrying 
and lugged it up the stairs.  When Julie returned Anna 
took the next box from her.

Anna hadn't come out earlier because, although she was 
dressed, the dress didn't cover enough to make her decent 
on the stairs.  Now June had seen Rosalee standing by the 
counter in just her top and Hailey holding the bottom of 
my former shirt closed across in front of her minge 
fringe, it didn't seem so important to conceal a flash of 
colour from whoever might look up.

Hubby and June both did catch a glimpse and June reached 
between the balustrades to slip a finger or two up my 
boxer leg with a laugh.  It was no more than the pat on 
the butt that she had given me - I knew she was merely 
teasing.

I couldn't really pay her back though - not with Hubby 
and the girls to misconstrue my actions.  I was cornered 
by Anna upstairs anyway.

"June took our lack of clothing in her stride.  What have 
you been telling her?  And who else?"

"I had to be fairly open to get this sort of response so 
there might be a dozen who know we've all been lovers; 
really no more than your family - think of them as my 
family if it helps.  June could be my big sister and I 
guess we have had a heart-to-heart.  The man helping us 
shift is her husband.  I talked about the complications 
in my love life, she talked about hers - we helped 
resolve things.  I'm not a gossip - though thinking back 
to what I told you about Rosalee and Hailey perhaps I am.  
Things have changed though.  No-one needs to know about 
us except us."

"I can cope with June as your big sister.  She's 
friendly."

"Her husband is okay too."

"He knows?"

"Yes.  Sorry if I seem to be telling everyone our 
business but at the time it was theirs as well."

"So long as I don't go to school tomorrow and find all 
the boys have read my name and phone number off the 
locker room wall."

"If they do, I didn't put it there."

"Aren't we supposed to be helping?"

"Yeah, I guess so.  You want to carry this one down?"

I gave her the heaviest - not too much in it anyway and, 
besides, the two I carried together weighed more.

"Your stuff?"

"Seems insignificant next to Hailey's."

"Well the boxes are rather small - I guess it makes them 
easier to carry."

Hubby was downstairs looking up and we both saw where his 
stare was fixed.

"Oops, sorry.  Guess it's a sight I don't get to see 
everyday.  No offence meant to it."

"That's okay.  No harm if it's just looking is there?"

"Guess not miss, least ways not if my wife doesn't catch 
me."  His smile was contagious.

"Can we offer you a coffee or something?"

"Have a coffee," I suggested.  "That's the one thing I'll 
miss when I have to leave."

Hubby ignored Anna's rabbit punch to my kidney.

"Well we do have time.  Not a lot to do now the old farts 
have signed.  I don't mean to offend Miss Hailey but her 
parents have got the most narrow minds I've seen for 
ages."

I handed over my boxes and bent to start on the backlog.  
"No problems then?"

"Not from your side.  Both sets of parents faced 
Children's Services - investigating their other kids as 
well as your young ladies.  Made 'em a bit more eager to 
cooperate."

He disappeared and I climbed the stairs while Anna went 
to make the coffee.

June joined me walking up and down and when we'd finished 
there were twenty boxes including a portable TV and a DVD 
player.

"I think that might have gotten included by mistake," 
smirked June.  "They can always come and ask for it back 
but it's possible they won't want further contact.  If 
Hailey wants to see her sister they are both going to 
have to be sneaky about it.  I'd suggest swapping new 
email addresses quickly just in case the family up and 
moves."

"Thanks June.  I'm surprised you got the delivery job.  I 
would have thought they'd have packed you off to your 
well-earned vacation."

"Well don't let it worry you but we have to hang around 
for your psych review.  I don't think they have any 
reason to complain.  You're young; you fell in love.  
Nothing abnormal there.  You just didn't know when to 
stop.  We have to put in our two cents worth and from 
what I've seen so far you are all pretty much like any 
other sex crazed teens."

I began to wonder if coffee was such a good idea.

We went downstairs and the front door was closed.  There 
were voices coming from the kitchen - Hubby was already 
there and I dreaded what I might find.

Rosalee had commandeered a small apron.  It left her bare 
butt visible but other than that she was almost 
respectable.  Hailey had also modified her attire.

My shirt now had all its buttons secured though there was 
the ever-present risk it would rise up revealingly if 
Hailey bent over or reached up.

I suspected Anna's hand in the matter.  The three of them 
had stayed out the way initially, expecting the 
interruption to be a brief one.  Then it had been 
impossible to get their clothes as one of the delivery 
people was climbing the staircase in one direction or the 
other.

Anna *COULD* have grabbed something for all three of them 
but, if I wasn't dressing and June hadn't been fazed, 
then there seemed little reason to get dressed and plenty 
of fun to be had by teasing poor Hubby.

June kept nudging her husband whenever he seemed to fix 
on one indiscretion or another.  There were an unusually 
large number of them and I was worried lest June decided 
enough was enough.  June might seem nice - she *WAS* nice 
- but she could also, without a qualm, taken out anyone 
who crashed through the door trying to harm any of us.

That was the basic difference between us - she or her 
hubby would respond to an active threat; I could do the 
same to a potential threat.  She was a killer; I was the 
cold-blooded type.

Actually the main threat I could see in the near future 
was for June to reveal we had done more than talk one 
evening while I had been sitting in her car.  I don't 
know if she'd told Hubby but Anna especially might feel 
betrayed.

The couple didn't stay after they had drunk their coffee 
- both acknowledging the pleasant taste.  Hubby did 
confirm that the paperwork signed by Hailey and Rosalee's 
parents putting them into the care of the state, together 
with more paperwork signed by Anna's parents taking over 
control as foster parents, was all sitting in front of a 
judge around the time he spoke.  It would require little 
more than a check that everything was completed correctly 
and the two girls would legally belong in the house until 
someone approached the court to change that status or the 
girls became adults.

"And anyone other than yourselves or the Jamesons who 
tried to get things changed would find the proceedings a 
great deal harder to present to a judge let alone to get 
a ruling in their favour."

We waved them off, discretely standing back inside the 
entrance hall, and then Hailey raced up to my, *HER* 
bedroom to see what was where.

Anna stopped her from opening boxes.  "You can do that 
later.  I want to see you squirming on the couch."

"You should have been watching me in the kitchen then.  I 
think my parents might have been right to consider 
scrambling my brains.  The park was one thing - people 
didn't know us and everyone was roaming around naked.  
This was people who knew us even if they are strangers.  
And *THAT* is a strange enough experience in itself."

"You just like being a tease - like the rest of us."

"That's true Rosy.  I did."  Hailey giggled.

"I don't know which outfit looked sexier; Rosalee's apron 
or Hailey's hint of fur every minute or two."

"You didn't like my outfit?"

"I didn't get to stand under you on the stairs like 
some."

"Oh, well at least I didn't sit there doing a Sharon 
Stone for Jane like some *OTHERS*!"

"She couldn't really see up my shorts - I was just 
teasing her as well."

"How do you know she couldn't?" asked Anna.

"Because she complained about just that before she left."

Anna thought of how old the woman was - maybe even 
thirty!  Yet June and I had messed around quite casually 
even with her husband there.  I had many mysteries still 
to be uncovered, she was sure.

Since Anna had raised the matter of attacking Hailey I 
hoisted her over my shoulder and carried her down the 
stairs.  It was a most revealing pose for Anna and 
Rosalee who had led the way and now waited at the bottom.

"Let me just put a cover on the lounge."  Anna grabbed a 
soft cotton waste blanket that was used in the colder 
months by anyone watching TV who just needed a little 
more warmth.  She spread it over the centre of the lounge 
and pointed where she wanted Hailey dumped.

"You will pay for that Mr Torrent!  I would have come 
down by myself."

"After opening how many boxes?"

"I'm not interested in those - there's something much 
nicer here that needs unwrapping."

Hailey wasn't going to distract them by turning on me and 
Anna started on Hailey's buttons.  When she leaned 
forward to reach lower down I took advantage of Anna's 
knickerless state to bury my thumb inside her.

"Ooo. Thank you."  Accepting the touch up, Anna busied 
herself pulling Hailey's shirt open and pressed her face 
to one of Hailey's breasts.

Rosalee climbed into the seat beside Hailey and lay on 
her back so she could suck on the free breast as it hung 
in her face.  Hailey leaned back as well, closed her eyes 
and let her mouth drop open.

"Mmm. Nice."

Hop up like Rosalee, Sweetheart," I suggested.

Anna looked and then climbed from the floor to become a 
poorly matched mirror image of Rosalee.  I reached under 
them to grip Hailey's hips and pulled her forward then I 
knelt between her knees and pressed my face into her 
crotch.

The perfume was strong when I parted her guarding lips.  
Hailey's outer lips were flatter than the other girls and 
didn't trap the juices released from her cunt.  Her inner 
lips were quite up to the task though and I sucked them 
into my mouth, getting a clearly audible gasp for my 
efforts.

When I took a break after a couple of minutes to rest my 
tongue I found Hailey had stretched out to each side to 
slip her fingers inside the others' pussies.  I 
considered how the intention had been for us all to make 
up to Hailey for missing out before.  It was nice to 
think she was happy to share her own experience.

I worked my tongue into and around Hailey, getting my 
head squeezed appreciatively from time to time.  Hailey's 
hands stopped moving at some stage during my feast.  She 
still kept them embedded in Anna on the left and Rosalee 
on the right but the time had come when her body overrode 
any suggestion of benevolent intent towards others.  
Hailey simply enjoyed what we were doing for her until I 
hit the right spot in conjunction with the others and 
then she started to shake.

Afterwards Anna and Rosalee told how Hailey's fingers 
pressed hard against the front of their cunts as her 
hands curled into fists.  It wasn't comfortable for 
either of them but it didn't hurt too much.  I remembered 
how Hailey had dug claws into my back and could only 
suggest the girls had been lucky they had only been 
attacked with the pads of her fingers.

Hailey was suitably apologetic and we all reassured her 
that we understood and that none of us had taken any 
serious or even inconvenient injury on either occasion.

Anna and Rosalee sat up and Hailey stood to allow me to 
take her place for a second before sitting back down on 
my lap.  We kissed and hugged each other, taking turns 
trying to outdo each other.

When two people kiss there is only one pair involved and 
if you consider a more active kisser with a less active 
"kissee" there are two ways of looking at matters.  With 
four people it becomes six pairs and twelve ways - and 
that doesn't consider getting more than two people 
involved at once.

It was a good way to recover but it eventually paled.  
Anna found a range of movies and we voted on which we 
would watch.  It was inevitable that we would end up with 
a chick flick I suppose.  At least I could sway the 
decision of which one it was to be though I refuse to 
reveal the title even as part of my debriefing.  (It is 
more fun when the girls de-brief me anyway.)

While Anna was up Hailey moved into her seat and then 
invited Anna to sit on her lap for a while.  I snuggled 
up to Rosalee and we watched the start of the movie.

Hailey and Anna almost immediately started kissing and 
Anna slid her hand inside Hailey's still loosely-hanging 
shirt.  It promised to be more interesting than the movie 
and when I turned to look at Rosalee she was just as 
interested as I was.  We kissed as well and Rosalee moved 
around a little to get a better view, sliding her hand 
into the opening of my boxers as she did so.

When Hailey noticed *THAT* she slipped *HER* hand under 
Anna's dress and began to finger her pussy.  The movie 
played unheeded in the background.  It wasn't that we 
weren't going to watch it, merely that there were more 
interesting things going on at the moment.

It was by no means a one-sided display.  If we could see 
up past Anna's wide-spread legs at Hailey burying not one 
but two fingers to the second knuckle (if not all the 
way) then they got to watch my foreskin opening and 
closing over my knob as Rosalee slowly stroked me.  They 
also got to watch Rosalee shift onto her knees on the 
sofa and bob for apples in my lap.  She really paid 
attention to what I liked and the blowjob she gave me 
(which had to last something like eight long weeks) was 
everything I could ask for - except a release.

Rosalee didn't make me come.  It was long enough since 
our fun and games upstairs that I could easily get hard 
but I was able to withstand any sudden needs.  It would 
be the slow build up that would catch me out.  Rosalee 
wasn't going to wait for that though.

"Condom?"

I had two in my shirt pocket, having collected them 
before manhandling Hailey down to the sofa.  I offered 
Rosalee the choice of colour - red or green.  She left 
the strawberry and opted for mint.  It didn't matter as 
she had finished blowing me and all condoms are black 
when they are tucked away inside a cunt.

"Is it okay if we watch the movie together?"

"Sure."

Rosy sat herself down on the spike.  It was nicer than 
her hand and even her mouth.  She wriggled a little to 
settle herself and then kept me hard by leaning forwards 
and back or by straightening her legs a little.

There was some whispering next to us and Anna climbed to 
her feet.

"Mind if we join in?"

Rosalee turned her face up and Anna kissed her mouth.  
While they kept busy Hailey moved around behind the sofa 
and leaned my head back so I was looking straight up at 
the ceiling.  That view was almost immediately replaced 
as Hailey's eyes, nose and then mouth drifted across like 
the introduction to a vintage Star Wars movie - one 
*BEFORE* Jar Jar Binks was created!

Hailey pressed her mouth to mine and then slid the top of 
her tongue against the top of mine.  As a kiss it felt 
totally unusual.  Her hands slid down from my shoulders 
to cover both my nipples and she massaged my chest as we 
continued to kiss.

Getting the okay from Rosalee, Anna spread her legs and 
straddled Rosalee's lap, facing her.  Sure, Rosalee could 
give approval but whose legs were at the base of the 
pile?

Rosalee's t-shirt bound breasts pressed against Anna's, 
similarly uncovered except for the light fabric of *HER* 
dress.  My hands around Rosalee's waist gravitated, 
despite Newton's best efforts, up to part the clash of 
their chests.  I spent a little time teasing their 
nipples then left that task to them while I took hold of 
Anna's butt and pulled her closer into Rosalee's belly.

There wasn't far for her to move but if I wasn't free to 
thrust up into Rosalee how I might wish then I could 
press Rosalee more firmly onto myself and the compression 
and relaxation of the Rosalee sandwich I had created was 
a reasonable substitute for fucking Rosalee.

It still wasn't exactly easy for me though as pulling on 
Anna's hips shifted me away from Hailey and she ended up 
cupping my chin to keep me in place.  Fortunately Anna 
and Rosalee were ideally situated and Anna's extra height 
from her double lap seat meant Rosalee leaned her head 
back while Anna kissed her; back onto my shoulder.  If 
Anna and Hailey had both looked forwards they could have 
kissed as well.

Anna got Rosalee to come - I could feel Rosalee trying to 
scramble my prick and balls as the tension built inside 
her.  She came and I think it was a battle to see whether 
she could suck Anna's tongue out by the roots first or 
whether Hailey would sever mine.

I had no hope of resisting and was grateful that Anna's 
weight meant I was as deep inside Rosalee as I could 
possibly go.  When a guy comes, something feels just 
right when he is buried like that as the spurts pass 
through, wave after wave.

Hailey let my tongue retreat and I abandoned Anna's hips 
to reach behind me over the sofa.  I took hold of my 
spare shirt to pull Hailey closer and then fondled her 
breasts though the opening.

That was when we realised the TV was no longer playing.

"I've got some things to put into the kitchen - do you 
think you can all be dressed a little more normally when 
I see you next?"

Ma was early - by perhaps 90 minutes to two hours.

She would have had a lovely view of Hailey's bare butt 
under the hem of my white shirt.  With how Hailey was 
leaning forward and I was pulling on the shirt it may 
have been up around her waist line and how much else was 
visible would have depended on how far apart Hailey had 
her feet.

And then, Anna and Rosalee were still kissing - probably 
with eyes closed which is why Anna gave no forewarning.

As Ma went into the kitchen curiosity got the better of 
her and she would have seen Anna's dress hitched up to 
her hips (I knew they were bare when I had used them as 
grips) and Rosalee's similar bare-below-the-waist 
condition.

Hailey took off, allowing me to straighten my neck - it 
would be the stiffest part of me for a while.

Anna stood and reached between Rosalee's legs to secure 
the condom as Rosalee stood.  From the other side of the 
kitchen Ma surreptitiously watched and wondered.  Anna 
had been quite self-assured about managing the condom - 
surely *THAT* had required plenty of repetition to 
appreciate the need?

She also noticed Rosalee's fine body and realised Anna 
was braless.  For a few brief instants she also had an 
only-slightly obstructed view of my now-green prick; once 
again, curiosity stopped her turning away immediately.

We headed upstairs, stopping at the midpoint to kiss 
again.  I used the bathroom and flushed the condom away 
before cleaning myself and joining Hailey in my room.

"Is she mad?"

"I don't think so.  Let me go down first and she can blow 
off any steam she does have at me.  I'll be gone and she 
can recover long before she sees me again.  Tell the 
others."

Hailey put her arms around my neck.  "You're not going to 
put me over your shoulder again?"

"Not this time."  I kissed her and she gave me a funny 
look.

"I'm used to kissing all ass-about now and *THAT* felt 
odd!"

I kissed the end of her nose instead and broke free long 
enough to slip into the outfit I'd left on my suitcase.  
One more quick kiss for luck and I went back downstairs.  
Since they hadn't passed by already I figured Anna and 
Rosalee were either waiting things out as I had suggested 
to Hailey or having a post-fuck kiss and hug of their 
own.  I heard Hailey walk down the corridor to see as I 
descended the stairs.

"Sorry about that Ma.  I guess there's no point saying we 
weren't expecting you home yet."

"I'll say.  It was rather a shock.  I expected you might 
occupy yourselves upstairs but didn't expect an orgy in 
my family room.  Do you *ALL* get involved every time?  
Sorry, I shouldn't ask."

"No, it's fair enough that we'd arouse curiosity.  We 
don't set out to do anything specific most of the time.  
It depends on who is present but that doesn't mean 
everyone joins in."

"I think that's enough for 'need to know'.  I did suggest 
you didn't spend the day in bed - I should have made 
myself clearer.  I hope you've actually done other things 
as well."

"We had a nice lunch and Hailey's things have been 
dropped off.  For all intents and purposes my bedroom is 
hers now - I hope that is all right?"

"It is if her parents sign the paperwork.  I don't want 
her going back where the situation is intolerable even if 
there are complications here."

Ma and Doug's motivation to take me in in the first place 
continued to work in my - our - favour.

"Oh that has been signed and has probably been okayed by 
now.  I thought they were dropping your copies off to 
Doug as soon as they were notarised and registered."

"I guess I'll give him a call then.  You testing the 
waters?  I notice a distinct lack of females around and 
despite past evidence to the contrary I don't believe 
they would take this long to get dressed."

"I look better with short back and sides if you were 
taking scalps."

"Well herd them down - I don't plan on complaining about 
what you've done though we will talk more about the 
future where and how.  I'll phone Doug."

I went upstairs and found the ladies talking together 
rather than quaking in fear.  I knocked on Anna's door 
before entering.  Three pairs of raised eyebrows made an 
actual question superfluous.

"We've survived this time but we are due for a chat."

There was a shared sense of relief.

"What's going to happen?" asked Anna.  The three of them 
moved closer together and put their arms behind each 
other so they formed a solid wall.  Rosalee, Anna, 
Hailey.

"About?"  There were far too many possibilities to guess.

"How are you leaving?  Do you disappear out the window 
and into the shadows when everyone are asleep?  Do you 
call a taxi?  Do your friends turn up?"

"Not quite.  I need to have a public exit so there is no 
doubt I've been taken officially and not just gone where 
you might know.  Later on you're going to be able to 
describe things as they happen.  Just remember now though 
that some of the people involved won't know things aren't 
as they seem.  I trust you all not to say anything to 
make them suspicious like 'see you in a couple of 
months.'  I'd rather not say any more because you will 
react more naturally if you don't know what or exactly 
when."

"So we aren't going to be able to say goodbye properly?"

"We've been saying goodbye all day.  I don't think of it 
*AS* goodbye though.  Just a bit longer between dates."

"But if there are outsiders we won't be able to really 
say how we feel so that's what we've decide to do now."

"Roger," began Hailey, "You've come into our lives much 
more suddenly that we expected."

"You've turned our thoughts, our beliefs, our emotions 
upside down."  Anna smiled at me.

"You've helped open us to new experiences and encouraged 
us to think adventurously."

Back to Hailey.  "You've shown us you care for us - more 
than just our bodies."

"But you've taught us all the pleasure we can give and 
receive with our bodies."

"And in the process," added Rosalee, "made us love you."

"You told me why you love me.  We went out because you 
were new and attractive and approachable.  We wanted to 
go out with you again because you excited us with 
possibilities we hadn't properly considered."

"But in the process we got to know you, and not only 
that, each other.  You spoke to our hearts, let them talk 
to each other."

"And so we all found ourselves willing to share you as 
friends and then wanting to keep you as lovers."

There seemed little to add but they all inhaled in 
preparation for another round.

"And so we say, I love you Roger."

"I love you Roger."

"I love you Roger - and we *WILL* miss you so hurry 
back."

They crowded around me and I had great pleasure kissing 
each in turn and telling them individually that I loved 
them.

Rosalee then adlibbed.  It was obvious her next speech 
hadn't been discussed as she addressed Anna and Hailey.

"I won't say or do anything to put either of you in 
jeopardy but I want you to know that I love both of you 
as well.  I decided I don't have to feel ashamed of 
loving girls as well as boys and if we *DO* decide to go 
public I will be proud to stand up and embarrassingly 
proclaim my love for you at the top of my voice."

Anna and Hailey more quietly told her that they loved her 
too as they pressed her between them. 

---

Ma had the girls sit down at the kitchen table.  I wasn't 
strictly required to be present but I had nowhere else to 
go unless I wanted to catch the end of the movie still 
playing in the Family Room.

"Some ground rules - and I hope you three can follow them 
more successfully than Anna and Roger.  We all know you 
girls are not going to be celibate but you don't have the 
house to yourselves so there has to be some recognition 
of others' sensibilities.  What if Brent had come home 
instead of me?"

It was intended only as a rhetorical question but Ma 
noticed Anna and Rosalee exchanging glances.

"Not good enough girls!"  Ma wasn't about to ask what her 
son had stumbled in upon.  Sometimes one could be given 
too much information.

"It's not just when you are - together though.  I don't 
want to see you dashing from the bathroom to your rooms 
in just a towel or worse as a matter of course.  I 
understand there might be times when we are all rushing 
around and will need to make allowances but not for day 
to day."

The girls all nodded.

"For now I'd suggest you three share the bathroom at 
Anna's end of the corridor and Brent can have exclusive 
access to his.  If there are problems we can't get around 
I'll review that.  Any objections?"

"I don't have a problem sharing with him if it makes 
things easier."

"Thanks Hailey and it might be necessary but let's see 
how separate little boys and little girls rooms works 
first."

"As for your bedroom behaviour..."

Ma wasn't sure whether generalisations would be better 
than anything specific.

"I'm sure you don't want anyone banging on your doors 
telling you to hold the noise down.  Look, we know that 
part of Doug and my concern over Roger and Anna was the 
possibility of her getting pregnant.  That was only part 
of it and all the other issues still apply.  We want her 
to do well at school and if you are part of this family 
then we expect you to live up to your abilities and to 
ask for any assistance you need.

"To that end I expect you in your own beds at a 
reasonable time on weeknights.  Weekends I won't complain 
about discrete companionship.  No-one is going to raise a 
fuss at you coming out of someone else's bedroom in the 
morning..."

"Unless it's Brent's room," I interrupted.

"I don't need your help thank you Roger."

"Sorry."  I wasn't.

"...unless you think you can flaunt your behaviour 
instead of maintaining some decorum.  Likewise sensible 
kissing and hugging would be okay while making out - 
dressed or otherwise - would not.  I don't really have to 
spell it all out do I?  Just put yourselves in my place 
and ask yourselves whether *YOU* would put up with a 
particular behaviour."

Ma figured that would likely be her best argument in 
future - "Would you accept that sort of behaviour if you 
were me?"

"I'd like you to give me a list of your teachers and 
subjects please so I can visit your headmistress and see 
that there is no trouble with you continuing with your 
studies.  I *WILL* expect that your behaviour at school - 
and this includes you Anna - will be such that I am not 
called there on your account.  If others find out about 
Roger or yourselves and makes anything of it I expect you 
to try to avoid escalating the problem further.  If you 
do maintain your decorum you can expect me to support 
you.  If you bring difficulties on your own heads..."

Ma couldn't say she wouldn't support them still; that was 
why they were here now after all.

---

Doug handed the papers over to Ma.  "Duly signed and 
notarised copies.  You now have three daughters Elsie."

"I can't believe it all happened so fast."

"Nice to see at least some of our government employees 
are efficient."

I didn't say we weren't supported by the Government, the 
Congress, nor even the more secretive agencies that were.  
We could call on them though at times.  People with an 
interest in our work climbed ladders all over the place 
until they were able to see that work could proceed.

He took me aside and we had a parting man-to-man.

"I don't know whether to wish you well, wish you gone, or 
wish you were staying!  I'm sorry you won't be around for 
many reasons - you are pleasant and have helped Anna with 
her studies,..."

"Sorry to interrupt but Rosalee should be able to help 
there if Anna needs it - I think Anna just has some 
trouble understanding how the teacher explains things."

"Thank you.  I'll watch out for that.  As for you, when 
you aren't interrupting, you work well - here and at the 
caf - I would have hoped to see you succeed in some 
career; perhaps I still might since Ma says you will 
likely be back.  I don't exactly understand what you are 
mixed up with and I'm not eager to have my family mixed 
up in it either.  I hope, if and when you do return, that 
side of things is behind you."

"I might not be entirely free of it for a while but it 
won't follow me back here."

"I hope you are right.  I don't condone what you and Anna 
did, especially after the explicit instructions you were 
both given.  You've turned my household upside down and I 
don't see that recovering for a while, especially in your 
absence.  There are going to be girls here pining after 
you, missing families who apparently are happy to be rid 
of them - and that surprises me from what I've seen of 
Rosalee and Hailey and what Ma tells me about them.  Anna 
would have to do a lot worse than get caught in your bed 
for me to even think I'd be better off with her out of my 
life - and don't think Ma hasn't told me that there has 
been more going on than I want to know about!"

"She was always safe, and always loved."

"And, I maintain, always too young to get that serious 
and certainly that quickly!  One thing I wouldn't say 
unless you were going, and despite the fact it was my 
daughter involved, was that you amaze me.  You walk into 
a town and before your sheets need changing you have 
three girls doing whatever you ask of them!  You must 
have a sterling silver tongue!"

"I think I was lucky in finding girls who enjoyed each 
others company and were adventurous.  You ended up pretty 
lucky with Ma yourself.  I hope I'm with someone as 
compatible and enjoyable in twenty years time."

"Just so long as you aren't trying to steal her now."

I shook my head.  I wasn't about to say anything to make 
him think I did, or didn't, see Ma worthy of 
consideration.  With Doug recovering from his shock 
discovery of Anna naked in my bed I didn't want give him 
further reason to resent me.

---

I spent a little time with each girl, nothing sexual, 
simply holding, hugging, kissing and crying.  We said 
little except "I love you" and "I'll miss you."

Each one threatened to track me down if I didn't return.  
I didn't doubt they would try.

I reassured both Rosalee and Hailey that they wouldn't 
have to worry about the Jamieson's paying for their 
upkeep.

"The program I'm under was paying them for me and I'm 
valuable enough for them to cover the two of you for long 
enough to see you through college if you want.  We'll 
have opportunities to talk before then, just don't spread 
that around - as far as the world knows you're just under 
a normal foster-care scheme and Doug and Ma are seeing to 
your expenses."

I teased them all a little too.  "If you go to work at 
the coffee bar (with Anna) don't let Stephanie take too 
many liberties - no more than one kiss a shift!  You 
never know when I might call in for a coffee."

I stressed the normalcy that would return to their lives 
once people became used to their change of address.  It 
would be difficult in the meantime and I apologised that 
I wouldn't be there to help.  I promised to keep in touch 
though whenever possible.  Though I didn't say it, there 
were people who could provide assistance; contacts rather 
than part of our organisation and I would be the one 
paying their retainers.  It wasn't the least I *COULD* do 
but until I could provide more support on my own it was 
the very least I *WOULD* do.

All three met me out the back where Doug had spoken at 
length to me.  They each had a pack for me - a zip-lock 
bag sealing a pair of panties that they had donned 
specially to pick up the scent of their pussies as they 
had masturbated while I spoke to one of their number.

"If you get horny you can open a bag and *REMEMBER* us."

"I won't need to smell them to remember you girls while I 
*REMEMBER* us together but thank you.  I'll keep them 
safe - and try not to use them up before you refresh them 
for me."

---

Though we were all expecting it, the knock on the door 
was still a shock.  No-one had been particularly hungry - 
there would be leftovers for tomorrow I was sure.  No-one 
was talking much either as we sat watching the news.

Two police cars had pulled in quietly with the dark sedan 
following.  The officers had been told they had no reason 
to fear their objective would be dangerous but never-the-
less they took no chances.

An officer moved stealthily down each side of the house 
to guard against my fleeing, another stood ready to 
assist and the fourth uniformed officer, together with 
the two supposed FBI agents, rang the doorbell.

"Ma'am," he nodded to Ma.  "Do you have a Roger Torrent 
living at this address?"

"Yes.  What is this about?"

"I have a warrant for his arrest.  Is he here at the 
moment?"

Ma opened the door without asking to see the warrant.  
"Please come in."

I would at least have been interested in seeing what it 
said.  I might never see one again.

Ma saw no need to query why her foster-son was being 
arrested when she knew it was a ruse to place me into 
protective custody.  If they wanted to carry out their 
little play she would let them.  She was more concerned 
with the fact she found the idea of me going at all to be 
worse than she had imagined.

I was sitting quietly in the kitchen and stood carefully 
to face the officers as they entered, keeping my hands on 
the table until I was on my feet and then holding them 
out away from my sides.

"Roger Torrent?"

"Yes?"

"I have a warrant her for your arrest on charges of Grand 
Theft Auto in the state of Wisconsin and trafficking in 
stolen goods, namely automobile parts.  I want you to 
place your hands behind your head and then turn slowly 
away from me."

I did so and I felt him slip one side of the handcuffs 
onto my wrist before lowering my arm and then bringing my 
other arm down to be secured to it.

My three lovers looked at me in some despair.  We had 
said our goodbyes earlier knowing that they might not be 
permitted physical contact now.  It didn't seem enough 
but I doubted it ever would.

The officers performed the legal niceties and I was led 
outside.  I could see people watching from across the 
street.  I hoped I did no damage to either the Jamieson's 
social standing, nor to the Foster Care program.

Ma and the girls huddled together in the doorway as I was 
loaded into the back seat of the Federal agents' car.  I 
looked at each in turn through the window as the other 
officers withdrew and were thanked for their assistance.

Anna, who had been my first real love.  Rosalee, who was 
so impetuous and full of life and love.  Hailey, who was 
even more loving if that was possible - not just to me 
but to her female partners as well.

Elsie - Ma! - who had given me a different sort of love.  
I wish I had proven a better son since she was a better 
mother than I had known.  I silently apologised again for 
all the grief I'd heaped on her and Doug over the last 
couple of days but if there was anyone who would look out 
for the other people I loved it would be her.

I would miss them!


***********************  THE END  ***********************
