Exposed In Chicago
by WildandWanton

An afternoon of being exposed turns into a spanking and sex.

I can't explain how it happened, when, or even why, but my wife has become an exhibitionist, which is perfect as I, and I would argue that most humans are voyeurs.

Heterosexual males love to be surprised with a slip of a nipple, a flash of a pair of panties, or a woman tanning topless. Women of the same sexual orientation love seeing men in similar accidental or planned undress stages.

My wife getting excited about being 'discovered' wasn't the reason we got married, quite the opposite. When I first met my wife, she would worry about someone seeing the straps of her bra, the lines of her panties, or whether her bikini revealed too much skin. And I, back then, would disguise my insatiable appetite for naughty beauty under mirrored sunglasses.

Today, with cameras on every corner and our reputations as professionals, we are more careful than careless. One of our best feeding grounds is a women's changing room area. It often leads to a beautiful game of dares if we can find one with comfortable chairs and curtains instead of doors.

Two weeks ago, we were in Chicago and found the perfect stage for my wife to stand on. An upscale boutique stocked with head-to-toe fashion that my wife took full advantage of.

When her choices were made, we went to the dressing area tucked down a hallway at the back of the store. We were in paradise, with two comfortable chairs and magazines, floor-to-length mirrors, and to top it off, we had our choice of sparkling water or red and white wine.

Don't you find that our human minds work in the most mysterious ways? I must have seen my wife naked five thousand times, as that is how we sleep, but to catch a forbidden and fleeting glimpse of her through a curtain, is nirvana.

We were disappointed that we were the only ones back there, except our attentive sales lady.

My wife is in her early fifties, and I find her more attractive than when we met. Her green eyes still sparkle, and she has a playful nose, a sexy smile, and unbridled hair that she sweeps up. Her breasts are gravity-defying, with beautiful nipples that contrast her skin. She is tall and slim, with a fantastic ass perched on her muscular legs. She is a looker.

And our sales lady. Well, my guess is she was in her mid-forties. An hourglass figure that she accentuated in a button-down dress, and she had personality. This could make for a fun shopping spree.

As my wife started to try on clothes, appearing in front of my chair for my thoughts, I asked our sales lady for her opinion. Did she think the skirt was the right fit for her ass? What type of bra would she wear under that almost transparent blouse? What shoes would work?

As my questions got bolder, so did my physical interaction. I would stand, turn my wife around, and place my hand on her buttocks to illustrate my point. I would hold my wife's hands behind her back to push out her breasts when discussing the right bra. I would show how, with the slightest touch, my wife's nipples get hard and, with their contrast, often reveal themselves under a bra.

I could tell our sales lady was enjoying this interaction and how willing my wife was to pose for me. So I decided to become more brazen.

I unzipped my wife's skirt, had my wife step out of it, and asked our sales lady to bring me the next size up. All my wife had underneath was her lace thong. As our sales lady left on her hunting mission, I kissed my wife and then spanked her three or four times on each cheek.

When our sales lady returned, I had my wife try on the skirt, but this time with her buttocks facing us. Did our sales lady notice my palm marks? She would have to be blind not to.

For our next adventure, I asked my wife to take off her blouse and bra so we could find something a little more daring to wear underneath. I cupped her breasts to show how my wife had a natural cleavage, and with the right bra, it looked both daring and sexy.

As she left, I felt I had no choice but to tease her nipples, to make them hard.

And this is where our little menage a trois shopping adventure became more of a group outing. We had almost forgotten that this was a store and not our playground. We heard voices approaching, and my wife darted back into her dressing room, leaving only a three-inch gap in the curtain.

I saw that we were sharing our space with a nice-looking couple. I placed them in their late thirties or early forties. The guy wore sneaks, jeans, a jacket and a shirt, and his wife or girlfriend had that flirty vibe -- short blonde hair, laughter in her voice, and a tight little body.

Our sales lady returned with three or four bras that she felt would be perfect. I called for my wife, and she stuck her hand out of the curtain to reach for these new treasures to try on.

I asked the sales lady if she could go in and help her fit them properly. A few minutes later, my wife emerged wearing a blouse, bra, and, of course, her skirt. It was the perfect combination.

Ignoring the husband, who had to be paying attention, I asked my wife if she felt the bra would do enough to hide her nipples when they were hard. My wife looked over to the stranger and back to me and whispered that she thought so.

I stood up and undid her blouse, and reached in to tease her nipples over the lacy bra. I agreed with my wife that only someone staring would notice them.

I asked my wife if this was a set or only the bra, and she confirmed that it was only a bra. My wife knows I love lingerie to match, so I asked her if she could please lift her skirt so I could see if the combination made sense. My wife again looked over to the strange man in the chair, pretending not to listen in, and I looked back and said that it was no different from a bathing suit, so please follow my order.

My wife pulled up her skirt to reveal her lace thong. In this case, you could see that my wife was waxed. There was no landing strip to land your tongue on.

I smiled and wondered if my handprints would still show, so I asked her to turn around. My wife obeyed, and most of my 'handiwork' had faded, but my shopping companion still benefited from an eyeful.

And as it turns out, so did his wife; she came out of the dressing room with her outfit on, only to see her husband's attention captivated by our scene of an undone blouse and a skirt lifted to her waist.

I agreed that we needed to do something about the thong, but that could be done later. It was time to try another outfit, and I wanted to see the teddy with the lace robe. My wife disappeared behind the curtain, leaving it open enough for either one of us to peak in if we chose.

What would you do, sitting in the chair? Your wife had just glared at you for giving my wife the attention you deserve,

I know what I would do; I would play along. I would happily be the audience, the admirer, or even someone to add a suggestion, and I hope this stranger would feel the same.

This time his wife came out first, wearing a fun little summer skirt with a sleeveless top. She spun around to show how the fabric moved, and in doing so, we were teased with a bit of her bum being revealed.

He asked me what I thought, and I said that she should lose the bra, and if they ever played 'dares' on a date, she should wear that skirt without anything underneath.

His wife smiled, reached under her skirt, pulled off her thong and threw it at her husband. She said she would go into the dressing room to remove her bra.

I felt I was sitting with abundant riches as my wife stepped out wearing a teddy with her transparent robe. What a beautiful outfit.

Of course, you know where this is heading. I asked our sale lady, who had returned with shoes, to help my wife slide into a pair of Christian Louboutin heels. As she knelt in front of my wife to help her, I realized she had an unencumbered view of my wife's pussy.

I asked my wife if she was wearing anything under her Teddy, and she said no. Dressed in heels, a teddy, and a robe, I asked my wife to walk back and forth.

The wonderful thing about transparency is that it leaves little to your imagination but, at the same time, sparks your imagination.

Our stranger no longer had any pretense of disguising his looks, and he said he loved the outfit, but would it be possible to see it without the robe? The sales lady undid the ties and removed the robe.

My wife was essentially naked under this little Teddy. Her nipples, her pussy, and her ass were on display, with the fabric doing very little other than creating some interesting shadows.

And his wife, now in her little skirt and her tankless and braless outfit, also commented on how beautiful my wife looked.

I wish I could tell you this led to a wild couple scene back at our hotel, or at the very least, the sale lady decided to hand deliver the garments to our room, but it didn't.

The shopping excitement seemed to wind down, and my wife and I returned to our hotel and took the elevator to our room. She walked down the hallway with her skirt raised and without panties.

All of the above led to some fantastic afternoon sex, with an over-the-knee spanking as part of the foreplay for all the naughty things she did.

And maybe, if I find the time, I will continue the story of our Chicago trip, where we visit a spa for an afternoon of hedonistic delight.
