The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 08

Tom woke first and quickly discovered that his cock was as hard as usual on a morning and it had found its way back inside Rachel, if it had even completely left its warn, wet, silky glove. Not wanting to wake her he just lay there thinking about the previous day’s fun and where they were going to move on to that day.

Fortunately, or not, Tom’s thinking about Rachel running around naked, what had happened the previous day, thinking about scenarios where she was the only one naked, and where his cock was at that moment proved too much for him and his balls emptied themselves inside Rachel. 

Tom wasn’t sure if it was his body’s slight movement when he orgasmed or the involuntary jerking of his cock inside her but she woke up and after a couple of seconds she said,

“Did you just cum inside me?”

“Yes.”

“I’ve missed all the foreplay, why didn’t you wake me?”

“You could always suck my cock to get it hard again.”

Rachel smiled and started to get up.

“Aargh, I shouldn’t have gone to sleep like that.” Rachel said as her limbs protested at being moved.

But that didn’t stop her from giving Tom some oral pleasure followed by a proper cowgirl ride until they’d both cum. 

“You’re managing to to have reasonably quiet orgasms these day Rachel.” Tom said.

“I’m try Tom, I know that I will cum in places that screaming when I’m cumming would do me more harm than good so I want to try to get to where I can stay silent if I think that it’s best, and that I want to.”

“Good girl. I’ll be able to make you cum in some very public places and no one will ever know. That is if you don’t want to be arrested.”

“No Tom, that might get you arrested as well and I don’t want that.”


Over breakfast Rachel asked Tom if he was going to tie her up like the previous day,

“See if I can beat my record of twenty two.”  

“No, we’re moving on today, find a proper campsite.”

“Please Tom.”

“Nope.”

“Please, please Tom.”

Tom knew that the pestering could go on for ages so he said,

“Tell you what, I’ll give you just one hour tied up. I doubt that you’ll reach twenty two but it will be good practice for you.”

Of course Rachel was happy and she rushed to do the dishes and tidy up. Soon she was carrying the ropes over to the high beam and waiting for Tom who came out of the motorhome carrying all the other bits that he needed.

Once suitably restrained with the Lush and the Wand in place Tom switched them on and set a timer on his phone.

“Can you put them both on full blast for me please Tom?” Rachel said as she started doing involuntary Kegel exercises and shivering and shaking. 

He did, then he left her to it whilst he started getting the motorhome ready to leave.

Tom kept looking over to Rachel and each time her body was shaking a little and she seemed to be in some sort of trance but to Tom she didn’t look like she was cumming so he just got on with what was needed to be done.

It was around forty five minutes later when Tom was organised and he went over to Rachel and he saw her lift her head to look at him.

“I can’t stop cumming.” Rachel said then Tom saw her clenching her pussy muscles.

A minute or so later she said,

“Can you turn the vibrator down please?”

Tom picked up his phone and turned it off. Rachel instantly giving a sigh of relief then said,

“I think that full blast on that thing all the time is a bit too much for me.”

Switching that Wand off as well Tom said, 

“I’m releasing you now Rachel, I don’t what you exhausted all day. Did you count the orgasms?”

“I tried but it felt a bit like it was just one long never ending one. I doubt that it was just one but it felt a bit like it was.”


Tom had to support Rachel a bit when he released her wrists but after a couple of seconds she was able to stand on her own.

“Go and have a shower Rach, I’ll retrieve everything here.”

Ten minutes later they were ready to move on, Rachel telling Tom that they’d run out of water.


As they drove back to Marbella and came to the big shopping centre and Rachel asked if they could have a McDonalds again. Tom looked at Rachel and saw that he could still see the contours of her ribs so he pulled into the huge car park and told Rachel to put some clothes on.

Tom half wished that he’d been more specific about what to wear because when he turned to look at her she was wearing a top as a dress that just managed to cover her butt and pussy but it was also very sheer, even in the motorhome with no lights on he could clearly see her tits and her slit.

“Oh well,” Tom thought, “I did buy it for her and she was bound to wear it sometime.”

Then he said out loud,

“Come on girl, let’s go.”


Again there was quite a breeze but Rachel’s ‘dress’ didn’t fly about as much this time, in fact she didn’t get many people looking at her at all. That was until they started getting close to people near the McDonalds. There was a group of workmen walking out of the restaurant and Tom saw one of the men nudge another and point to Rachel.

Inside they joined the short queue and Tom looked at the man behind Rachel and saw that he was staring at her butt. The girl serving gave Rachel a double take but all she could see was Rachel’s tits, nothing special in that part of the world.

They managed to get the same table and Rachel teased people coming in just the same way. When Tom was smiling looking at Rachel she said,

“What?”

“Nothing my love, enjoy your Big Mac.”


When they left they nearly bumped into another group of workmen but none of them seemed to notice what she was wearing.


As they drove east along the coast road Rachel spotted a sign for a campsite so Tom took the off ramp and up to a little roundabout. Over the other side of the coast road they could see the campsite so Tom parked in the little car park outside a restaurant and they walked into the campsite, Rachel having slipped on one of Tom’s T-shirts at his request, him saying,

“I’m going to try that Vulvodynia trick so I want you to look as though you’re not wearing anything tight, oh, and tie your hair in pigtails to make you look even younger.”

“That conversation will be embarrassing for you Tom.”

“Yes, but it’s worth a try, I want you to be naked here just s much as you do.”

“Thank you Tom.”

“Don’t thank me yet, the staff might be miserable prudes.”


After a quick look around the immediate area they decided to go into the reception and see if they had any vacancies.

They did, so Tom asked to see the manager. It was a middle-aged woman which maybe made the next part of his enquiry a little bit easier. With Rachel at his side and them holding hands, Tom said,

“I’m thinking of staying here for a week or two but my daughter here has a bit of a medical condition that might mean that you don’t want us here.

“Does she need medical assistance? We can call an ambulance or a doctor.”

“No, thank you, she has already seen a doctor back in England and she is taking all the medication that she needs, it’s just that our doctor has told us that she can’t wear anything that tightly covers her err vulva.”  

“Oh you must be the unfortunate family that was staying at the campsite on the other side of Marbella. Yes, I heard about you at dinner the other night with the owners of all the campsites in this area. Is this your pretty daughter?”

The woman was looking at Rachel who was putting on a sad face and holding on to Tom’s arm with both her hands.

“Yes, this is Rachel, say hello to the nice lady Rachel.”

“Hi.” Rachel quietly said then turned her face to bury it in Tom’s shirt.

The woman replied,

“Hello Rachel, don’t you worry niña, it will be okay for you to run around without any clothes on.”

“Oh muchas gracias Señora,” Tom replied, “I hate having conversations about female anatomy.”

“Don’t you worry Señor, she is only a little girl, it will not be a problem. Two weeks you say, and you have a motorhome?”

“Yes.”

The woman turned and said something in Spanish that Tom didn’t understand then turned back to Tom.

“I have told Mariana to put you in a corner site to give you some privacy. It is near the bar but there shouldn’t be much noise.”

“Gracias Señora.”

Tom looked over to Mariana who was already looking at him and Rachel. Mariana waved for Tom to go over where they sorted out the booking and the payment. After Mariana had shown Tom where his pitch was on a little map the conversation ended with Mariana saying,

“It must be embarrassing for you sir, if there’s anything that we can help you with just come and see us.”

“Gracias Señora.” Tom replied as they walked out, Rachel still clinging to Tom’s arm.


“That was a great performance Rachel, you could become a great actress.” Tom said as they walked back to the motorhome.

“In porno movies?”

“That wasn’t what I was thinking of but I’m sure that you would be great in those as well.”



Tom reversed the motorhome onto the pitch which meant that the motorhome door opened facing a row of bushes but leaving enough room to have the table, chairs and sun loungers all out there and not be cramped. To see anyone passing by they would have to walk to the front of the motorhome.

Rachel kept Tom’s T-shirt on while they both got everything organised then off came the T-shirt and inside she went to get a bottle of beer and a bottle of cola out of the fridge. She took them back outside and sat on Tom’s lap.

After taking a swig of the cola Rachel said,

“Thank you Tom. Can I pull your shorts down and thank you properly?”

“Not right now Rach, but later I’m going to fuck your brains out and if you promise to be quiet I’ll do it out here.”

“I’ll try and I can’t wait.”

“Well first we are going for a walk around the site to what they have here.”

“Can I go like this?”

“Well the manager said it would be okay so lets test what she said.”

“Good. Come on.”

“Hang on, the water tank is still filling up. We’ll go when it’s full and I’ve disconnected the hose.”


Five minutes later they set off, Tom just wearing shorts and sandals and Rachel just wearing flip flops. They held hands as they started walking up the slight incline and quickly came to the bar. People were sat at tables and a few looked over to Rachel and Tom but no one said anything.
Using the A4 map of the site that Tom was given in reception they walked round most of the site seeing all the facilities that the site had to offer and it was a lot more than the previous big site that they’d been on. A few people had stared at Rachel but no one had said anything so on their way back to the motorhome they stopped at the bar, Rachel asking if she could have a cola.

“Good a time as any to see what reaction we get here.” Tom thought as they walked towards the bar. Tom could see a huge sitting area mostly full of tables and chairs. The area that didn’t have tables and chairs was raised up and Tom guessed that it was a makeshift stage.

It was early afternoon and there weren’t many people in the bar and only one man stared at Rachel as they sat at a table. They talked about the facilities that they’d seen as they walked around and Rachel told Tom what she’d like to do. After a while a middle-aged man went over to them. As he confidently walked to them Tom thought that he was going to say something about Rachel’s nudity but then Tom realised that the man wore an apron and Tom relaxed.

“Buenas tardes, ¿acabas de llegar?”
  
Tom understood the first bit and replied,

“Good afternoon, do you speak English?”

“Sí, señor, have you just arrived here?”

“Yes, the motorhome just over there.” Tom replied pointing to his motorhome.

“Ah, I saw you arrive, and this must be the beautiful little girl who has a little problem.”

“Yes, is it going to be a problem bringing her here?”

“No señor, not at all, it is okay for young girls to run around with no clothes on and many of my customers want to see beautiful girls naked. It will be my pleasure serve and look at your beauty. My name is Chico and if anyone say anything about you being like that tell them that Chico will sort them out.”

Rachel smiled at the man, regretting that she hadn’t sat lazily so that her slit and clit would have been visible to him and also hoping that many customers would see her naked. 

“Good, gracias, could we have two colas por favor Chico?”

“Of course, and would the beautiful little lady like anything with that?”

“Not at the moment thank you, do you serve food here?” Tom asked.

“Sí, señor, would you like to see the menu?”

“Not at the moment thank you but we will be back this evening to eat.”

“Gracias, two colas coming up.”

As the Chico walked away Tom sighed and said,

“That’s one hurdle over, I wonder if it will be the same in the two restaurants, have you had Indian food before Rachel?”

“No, my parents only ever wanted traditional German food.”

“What about Italian, pasta and pizzas?”

“Pizzas are Italian? I thought that they were German. I had to buy lots of pizzas for my parents which was good because they were easy to cook.” 

Rachel saw the man returning with their drinks so she lay back in her chair and spread her legs a little. Tom saw what Rachel had done and remembered that the table didn’t have anything other than beermats on it. He quickly realised that the man would be able to see right up Rachel’s legs as he approached them. Tom looked at the man’s eyes and saw that he was indeed looking at Rachel’s legs. 

“Rachel is going to want to come here a lot.” Tom thought.

The man stood next to Rachel as he transferred the drinks from his tray to the table. Tom was still looking at the man’s eyes and guessed that he was looking at Rachel’s slit.

Tom let the man stare for a few seconds then asked how much he owed him.

“Señor, beautiful girls get their first drink here for free.”

Then the man’s eyes moved to Tom and he added,

“No charge Señor.”

“Muchas gracias señor.” Tom replied.


As the man returned to his bar Rachel said,

“Do you speak Spanish Tom, you used a lot of Spanish there?”

“No, only a few of the basics,. That man liked the show that you put on for him Rach.”

“You saw that then, I’m not in trouble am I? You’re not going to spank me are you?”


“No you are not and I am not going to spank you, but you be careful if you come here on your own. I would have told you that he would be trying to get into your knickers but that’s impossible.”

“I will Tom and I still can’t understand why girls want to wear knickers, it’s so much fun without them.”

“I’m sure that there are millions of men all around the world that will agree with you on that Rachel. What do you want to do when we’ve finished these drinks, apart from getting me to fuck you?”

“Spoil sport. Okay, how about we go looking for the beach? It can’t be far away and with a bit of look it will be better than the last one.”

“Right my naked little nymphomaniac, the beach it is but you will need some sunscreen on before we go. Oh, I see what you did, if I won’t fuck you you want the next best thing, for me to make you cum as I put the sunscreen on you.”

Rachel gave Tom that cute, cheeky grin that she has then she sipped her cola.


Ten minutes later Rachel walked out of the motorhome with the bottle of sunscreen and Tom said,

“You are going to have to wait for me to make you cum, can you put some of that on my shoulders please?”

“Yes Master.” Rachel replied and she started doing what she was told to.

As she rubbed some on Tom’s chest her hands drifted down to his shorts and one slid inside them but Tom pulled it out and said,

“Stop that, you said that you wanted to go and look at the beach and if I let you get hold of me it will be dark before we go,

With a little giggle Rachel handed Tom the bottle of sunscreen.

Tom quickly covered Rachel’s body with the cream just like any parent would do with their young child, then he did what not many parents would do and went and rubbed the cream on her pussy. Half of Tom wanted to just quickly rub some over her vulva and stop there, and the other and winning half wanted to make her cum. Guess which half won?


Holding her ‘daddy’s’ hand and swinging it back and forwards, Rachel led her ‘father’ along the little road to the reception and the main gate. 

Mariana was stood outside the reception and when she saw Tom and Rachel walking towards her she waved at them. Rachel gave a typical little girl’s wave back and Tom nodded his head to acknowledge her, then they walked out of the main gate. 

The little road and roundabout was surprisingly busy and they had to wait for a minute or so to safely cross the road. None of the cars and vans beeped their horns or crashed so Tom wasn’t worried about Rachel being naked. As they walked over the bridge over the main coast road they saw one of those bendy-buses pulling up at a stop almost under the bridge. Rachel stopped, quickly followed by Tom because the path was very narrow, and she looked down at the bus, then along the road at the vehicles hurtling towards them.

“Do you think that they can see me Tom, see that I’m naked?”

“If they look up but not many drivers will look up, they should be concentrating on the road.”

“But the passengers might see me.”

“For a second or two, if they look up.”

“Where is that bus going?”

“Pure guess but I would say Marbella.”

“Can we go back there, have a proper look around?”

“Sure, maybe get on one going the other way, see where it goes.”

“Okay, which way are we going to walk at that roundabout?”

As they walked the few metres to the roundabout Tom said,

“Well the exit on the right is the way that we came and this first left is back onto the coast road so that leaves just one way.”

They were soon walking down (it was a hill) the only sensible way and saw blocks of apartments.

“Looks like a bit of a village.” Tom said.

Just before they got to the first building they saw an entrance to a car park.

“I bet that that goes down to the beach.” Tom said and steered Rachel that way.

No sooner than they were on the car park they saw that the car park was long with trees on the beach side and scrubland on the road side.

“We’ll explore over there some other time.” Tom said and they kept walking towards the beach.

Then they saw the sea with a man-made wall going out to sea. On the left was a beautiful but smallish beach with lots of people on it. Almost next to them on their left was a beach bar that looked busy. To their right was a long, narrow beach with sand dunes that were obviously between the beach and the car park.

“Which way?” Tom asked.

“Left.” Rachel replied and they walked onto the sand.

“Trust you to pick the way with the most people.” Tom said.

“Yes, and so far I haven’t seen one naked person, apart from a little kid.”

“I guess that you are going to be the first today then.” Tom replied as they headed for the water’s edge.

Walking along it Tom saw a few people looking their way but they could just have been looking out to sea where there were a few boats slowly sailing by. When they got to the end of the beach they turned and walked up the beach passed a little kiosk that looked like it was selling all the sorts of junk that kids need on a beach.

They came to what looked like a cafe but there was an alleyway where people were walking so Tom led Rachel that way. They were both surprised to come out right next to a small harbour with some small fishing boats and a few small yachts. On the land they could see a cafe and a restaurant and a car driving along a road between the harbour and the buildings.

Tom decided to follow the road that went away from the harbour and after a good five minutes walking they realised that they had gone in a circle, they were back at the entrance to the car park which they went into again.

This time when they got to the beach the turned right and walked along the narrow beach. They soon realised that this was where the naked people sunbathed, Rachel soon seeing a variety of different cocks.

“Look at all those cocks Rachel.”

“Nothing new, I’ve seen hundreds of cocks, the only one that I’m interested in is yours Tom.”

“Oh yes, I forgot, the FKK.”  
 
“Are you going to take your shorts off Tom, I want to see your cock swinging about.”

Tom thought for a second then unfastened his shorts and let them drop to the sand.

“I’m glad that you let me use that laser hair removal thing on you Tom, I can see you cock much better, especially in this bright sunlight. We must remember to bring the sunscreen next time we come here, I don’t want to miss out because you have a sunburnt cock or balls.”

As they waked they saw more people on the beach, most were men but there were women of all ages as well and Tom was pleased that the sight of them didn’t have any effect on his soft cock. They passed what looked like a bit of a run-down restaurant then finally came to a wall and a bit of a path up towards where Tom guessed the road and maybe the end of the car park that they had seen. Tom took the decision to go up that path and they did come to the end of the car park but Tom didn’t fancy walking along the car park so they went back down the path part way then turned into the dunes.

There were many little paths through the dunes and they could see a handful of men walking the paths. When they came to an area where they couldn’t see anyone Tom decided that he wanted to fuck Rachel. When he told Rachel she squealed with delight and dropped to her knees to get Tom’s cock hard.

By that time Rachel had got good at sucking Tom’s cock and it didn’t take long for it to be ready to penetrate Rachel’s pussy. Rachel got to her feet, turned her back to him then bent at the waist ready to receive Tom who wasn’t going to waste a second. Needless to say that Rachel’s pussy was dripping so when Tom’s cock touched the entrance he thrust straight forward, grabbing her hips to pull them to him.

Rachel gasped and dropped her hands to the sand to stop herself from falling over as Tom rammed into her over and over. Rachel was the first to cum but Tom kept going until he held Rachel’s hips hard onto him and shot his load deep inside her.

As they both started coming down from their highs they both looked up and saw that they had an audience of three middle-aged men. Rachel immediately thrust her hips back but Tom’s cock was already going soft so she stood up straight letting the three men get a full frontal look at her her stood there with her legs a good shoulder width apart.

Tom put his arms round her and tweaked both her nipples.

“Ouch, what was that for?”

“For those three, and now you’re going to wave to them before we walk away.”

Rachel did wave, and smiled at them as well. Tom put his shorts back on and they walked away, going towards then passed the three men Rachel said,

“Can we come back here tomorrow please Tom?”

“We ARE going to come back here most days, I know that you like an audience.”

Neither Tom nor Rachel knew if the three men would be able to understand them but that short conversation was for their benefit. Tom wanted Rachel to be seen having some sort of sex just as much as she did.


They came to a track that Tom guessed was to get vehicles to the run-down restaurant and decided to follow that instead of going into the dunes on the other side and found themselves in a huge area of scrubland. There were a few vehicles spread around and Tom decided to keep walking straight on to see if there was a way out onto the side of the coast road.

They got to an area with trees and bushes, and a track that had obviously been used by vehicles. Then they saw an embankment with some roadside crash barriers which Tom assumed were at the side of the main road, especially as he could hear the traffic.

As they turned a corner they saw a car parked in amongst the trees with a man stood at the open rear of the car. The thing was, he was in the middle of getting dressed as a woman complete with stockings, suspender belt and a bra.

“He must be going to some sort of drag party.” Rachel said.

“Or he just likes dressing as a woman.” Tom replied.

“Have you ever put women’s clothes on Tom?”

“Hell no, I prefer just to see women in women’s clothes, or better still, out of women’s clothes just like you are now Rachel.”

 
They kept walking and came to some villas and the end of a road which Tom decided to walk along, half expecting it to lead them to the main road. It did, but only after they’d walked along the streets and through a sort of square with a hotel and a couple of shops. There was a woman coming out of the pharmacy and she saw Rachel but just continued to get into her car. 

As the side of the main road with cars whizzing past the saw that they could walk along the  safe side of the crash barrier to a foot bridge that would get them over to the campsite side of the. Standing on the top of the foot bridge Rachel looked down at all the vehicles flying along the road and hoped that some of the people were looking up and see her but Tom told her that she was wasting her time. She turned to continue and was facing a young man crossing the bridge from the other side.

Rachel saw the young man looking at her and smiling as they passed within millimetres of each other. Rachel felt a little wet rush as she chased after Tom.

Down on the other side they had a choice of walking away from the campsite to a road and more villas or turning right and walking along the road alongside the campsite. Tom chose the latter and almost immediately saw and smelt the Indian restaurant that they’d seen when they walked round the paths inside the campsite.

“We’ll go there one evening Rachel, let you discover curry.”

“I’m a bit apprehensive Tom.”

“Relax, curry comes in different strengths so I’ll order just a mild one for you.”

“Thanks.”


As they walked back to the campsite entrance a few cars drove along the narrow road so Tom walked behind Rachel, not only so that the people in the cars would see her but also to be able to keep an eye on where the cars were driving and make sure that Rachel was a safe distance from them.

The thing that worried Tom for a couple of minutes was that one of the cars was a police car. There was no way that the men in the car would not have seen the naked Rachel and Tom’s heart was in his mouth as he saw the car approach. Imaging his relief when the cop car kept going and Tom saw it pull off the side road onto the main road.

“Wow,” Tom said, “it looks like the cops aren’t interested in naked fourteen year old girls.”

“Maybe they only like girls with big tits?” Rachel replied.

“That’s their loss then.” Tom replied as he reached over and gently squeezed one of her tits  for a couple of seconds, Rachel wondering if the people in the car approaching them had seen what Tom had done.

As they go close to the site’s main gate Rachel took Tom’s hand and started skipping along like she’d seen little girls do when they were walking with one of their parents. 

“What are you doing Rachel?” Tom asked.

“Acting like a little girl, I’m going to suck my thumb as well.”

Tom could see why she was doing that and wasn’t going to stop her. He wanted her to be naked for the two weeks or so that they were there and the younger people thought she was the less chance of anyone complaining.


Back at the motorhome Rachel sat on Tom’s lap and made a list of the things that they wanted to do whilst they were there. One item on the list was ‘Go to the sand dunes and get fucked by Tom every day.’

Tom smiled when he saw her write that and he pointed out that they couldn’t do it every day if they wanted to do some of the other things that would take all day.

“Well if we can’t do it one day can we do it twice the next day?” Rachel replied.

By that time Rachel was subconsciously grinding her butt on Tom’s lap and his cock was responding they way you would expect. After a while Tom told Rachel to stand up. He did and he dropped his shorts before telling Rachel to sit back down. She did, impaling herself as she got lower. 

Tom was pleased that they had been allocated a pitch in the corner so that they had some privacy.

*****

Author’s Note

Okay readers, if I wrote about everything that Tom and Rachel did whilst at that campsite in chronological order it would take for ever and if you printed it out you’d have one hell of a pile of paper so what I’m going to do is write about each different activity or interesting incident separately. These may not all be in chronological order because the activity or incident may have happened more than once but be slightly different and I want to tell you about the differences. 

*****

Evenings at the bar.

I’ll start with the evenings because that is where the next interesting thing after the story so far. 

Most evenings were spent in the bar and it was quite popular because the owner / manager, Chico, organised some entertainment a few times each week (I’ll tell you about some of them later). The first night that they went to the bar to eat and drink and it was a bit of a shock for some of the campers and Rachel got stared at quite a lot but after Chico went and talked to Tom and Rachel and they stayed in the bar when Chico went back to the bar everyone kinda got used to Rachel being naked. 

“After all,” Chico said to any customer who mentioned Rachel to him, “she’s only a kid with a medical problem, leave her alone.”

Chico also gave them a few drinks saying that there had been more customers since they arrived and he couldn’t think why.

Tom and Rachel soon made friends with many other campers. Tom wasn’t sure If it was because for his nude ‘daughter’ or not but he didn’t care, he enjoyed talking to most of them and he also enjoyed the men looking at Rachel whilst he talked to them. There was no games room for the kids so Rachel had to stay with Tom, often sitting on his lap and invisibly grinding her butt to arouse him.

A couple of other kids around Rachel’s age went to the bar on an evening and Rachel started to get friendly with them and sometimes they’d sit at a table on their own and play games on their phones or other portable games consoles that they had.   


Jumping ahead a little, every time that Tom took Rachel to the Bar after that first time, and Chico saw them coming, he escorted them to one particular table that had a ‘Reservado’ sign on it that Chico quickly removed saying that the people didn’t turn up. That table only had two chairs with it, both facing the bar.

It was only a few days later that Tom realised that from Chico’s usual standing place behind the bar, he could see straight up Rachel’s legs to her pussy. With the way that Rachel usually sa he would be able to see all of Rachel’s pussy. When Tom told Rachel she just spread her knees a bit more.    

*****

The Campsite Shop.

On the first morning that they were on that site Rachel happily went to the shop to get fresh bread and croissants and some fruit and other things. Tom quickly realised that Rachel was competent in shopping for the pair of them and he was happy to let her get on with it. Especially when she told him that she liked going to the shop because customers and delivery guys went there around the same time and she told Tom that there was usually at least one man there that she could bend over in front of.

That first morning that she went there the middle-aged woman who ran the place gave Rachel a dirty look and went to use her phone but when she got back she happily served the naked Rachel’s

“Strike two for vulvodynia.” Rachel thought.

After that the naked Rachel got served just like any other customer.

*****

The Beach and the Sand Dunes
 
Most days when they weren’t going somewhere they walked over to the beach where they spent a few hours sunbathing, swimming and fucking in the sea before going into the sand dunes to tease a few men by walking near them then and when they knew that they were being followed, finding a place and fucking for an audience.

Rachel loved riding Tom when she had an audience even if most of them were middle-aged or older men. A couple of times she was even happier when there was younger men and occasionally a woman in the audience.

Some of the times they took Rachel’s Lush remote controlled vibrator with them and she would lay spread eagle on the beach and Tom would make her little body dance about by controlling her from his phone. Rachel loved it the most when people were walking passed and looking at her as her body shook and jerked.

A couple of times Rachel walked back to the campsite with her Lush still inside her, the pink antenna visible for anyone who cares to look. Tom told Rachel to make sure that no one saw the antenna because their vulvodynia game would probably have come to premature end.

They also explored the whole area around the campsite, often ending up in built up areas and occasionally seeing either a local or some tourists and never once did anyone say anything to either of them about her being naked. She told Tom that it was like being at a huge FKK event but open to the general and unsuspecting public.

They often walked the length of the car park and into the scrub land, and one time a car with just one man in it crawled along behind them, obviously the driver was staring at Rachel’s cute little butt. Half way along the car park Rachel turned and walked backwards for a few seconds letting the man see her naked front.


They never saw that man who was dressing as a woman again but in the dunes they saw another man and woman fucking and they saw a few gay men having sex which Rachel couldn’t understand why they would want to do that when there were so many girls around with welcoming pussies.

*****

Walking to the nearby village

About a couple of kilometres further along the coast road is a village and Tom decided that it would be good to go and have a look around. There is no footpath alongside most of the coast road but on the safe side of the crash barriers there is a narrow space that people walk along so that is where they walked. 

When they walked there Rachel decided that she was going to do it naked with Tom carrying a dress for her in his backpack and they walked there on one side of the road and back on the other side so that Rachel was walking within a couple of metres of vehicles hurtling towards them which that if the passengers looked they would get a split second view of her naked front.

Rachel loved this and the breeze from the passing vehicles that tickled her bare pussy. 


As they headed from the campsite they followed the road and saw a petrol station which Tom decided that he would visit when they left the campsite in the motorhome. Just after the petrol station they saw that the road continued up to more housing and they decided to go and have a look. 

When they got there they saw a block with a few shops and a cafe. Not really thinking about Rachel’s nudity they walked along the outside of the shops passed the cafe where they stopped to have a quick look at the menu. As they stood there a man came out and asked if he could get a table for them. Both Rachel and Tom turned to the man and they both saw that the man’s eyes were on Rachel’s body. Rachel said nothing and Tom waited for quite a few seconds before saying,

“Not at the moment thank you but we will be coming back sometime, Is it a problem if my daughter comes like that, she has a medical condition.”

“No problem sir.” He replied, still staring at Rachel who had shuffled her feet apart a bit so that her clit was clearly visible. 

The three of them just stood there until the man decided that staring any longer wouldn’t be a good idea and he turned and went back inside.

Tom and Rachel walked on, Rachel smiling and feeling a little wet between her legs.


A little further along Tom got a surprise when they came to a shop that hired out cars, motor cycles and pedal cycles. Tom wondering how they managed to survive in a quiet place like that.

They stopped and looked at the bikes and Tom quickly realised that they were all boy’s bikes.

“Can you ride a bike Rachel?”

“Of course, my dad bought me a second hand one so that I could get to school on my own.”

“Do you fancy going for a bike ride one day?”

“Okay.”

Tom left it at that and they walked on, soon getting back to the coast road where they kept walking until they finally entered the little village where they stopped and Rachel put her dress on.

Tom quickly saw that Rachel’s dress was one of her shortest and left the front of her slit, her clit and quite a bit of her butt uncovered. Deciding to ignore that and see how things went Tom took Rachel’s hand and they entered the village.

They walked passed a few popular shops that were accessible by car with people coming and going, most not even looking towards Rachel. Those that did look just carried on walking and Tom wondered if it would have been okay for Rachel to stay naked. 

The village was bigger than Tom first thought and they found more rows of shops a couple of small supermarkets and even a stand outside one shop selling flowers.

One shopping strip had a second floor with more shops, restaurants and apartments. To get up there Rachel waited until she saw a man heading that way then went up the stairs knowing full well that the man, if he looked, would get to see the parts of her pussy that weren’t on display from the front. Tom didn’t look to see if the man was looking.


They stopped at one of the many cafes for a drink and an ice cream and Rachel sat very lazily. She was rewarded by a man walking by stopping and staring at her pussy for quite a few seconds before moving on.
 

When they had seen enough of the village they walked to the footbridge to cross the coast road to walk back to the campsite.

*****

The Beach Bar

Where the narrow road down to the beach is there is a Beach Bar, a very nice and very popular Beach Bar and a couple of times that they went to the beach they went to that Beach Bar for a drink and again no one commented on Rachel being naked. 

When they were there during the day they saw that the Bar served very nice looking and smelling meals so they went back there one evening. Tom put a smart shirt on but Rachel said that she didn’t want to put anything on and off they went with Tom telling Rachel that they might not get served because she was naked.

Fortunately that wasn’t true but there were some smartly dressed people there and Rachel felt really good being naked there.

*****

The Nearby Restaurants

As previously mentioned there is an Italian and an Indian Restaurant literally on the campsite’s doorstep and Tom took Rachel to each of them. They went to the Italian one first because it was the closest and again Tom got smartly dressed. 

It was a proper restaurant with a Maitre D’ waiting to seat them and when he saw the naked Rachel walking in he got on his mobile phone and spent about a minute talking in Spanish whilst Tom and Rachel stood waiting.  

Then he turned to Tom and said,

“Table for two sir, have you booked?”

Tom said not and they were led to a table at the side of the room, away from all the occupied tables. Tom realised what was going on but he said nothing to Rachel. Tom was a little amused when a waiter brought them their menus and Tom saw that Rachel had been given a children’s menu.


To be fair, they had a very pleasant meal, fussed around by the waiters who kept going to them and asking if everything was okay.

Rachel did her usual thing of not using the napkin and laying back on her chair whenever a waiter came over and was amused by the waiters pretending not to look at the naked Rachel. 

Other guests arrived and Tom was sure that he recognised a couple of them. He thought that they were from the music or television industry but he couldn’t place them.  

One male guest arrived with two scantily clad girls hanging onto his arms and Tom imagined him as being some sort of pimp showing off two of his girls. Tom was surprised when the man, with both girls still hanging onto his arms, came over to Tom and Rachel.

“Stand up young lady.” He said.

Rachel did and Tom was about to ask him what the hell he was doing when the man got out a business card, put it in front of Rachel and said,

“If you ever want to become a model give me a ring.” 

With that he turned and walked away.

Both Tom and Rachel were a little stunned. Tom recovered quire quickly and picked up the business card while Rachel just stood there with quite a few people staring at her naked front.

“Sit down Rachel.” Tom said as he read the business card and saw that the man advertised himself as a model agent.

“What’s that Tom?” Rachel asked when she saw Tom smiling.

“This says that he is agent for models, but those two girls tell me that he is a pimp.”

“What’s a pimp?”

“A person who controls prostitutes.”

“Do you think that I’d make a good prostitute Tom?”

“Definitely but don’t even think about it.”

“I wasn’t, just wondering.”

“You are my nymphomaniac Rachel.”

“And that’s all that I want to be Tom.”


They finished their meal and when they got up to leave Rachel took his arm as he led her the long way to door so that most of the people in there, including the pimp, could get a good look at her naked front.

The Maitre D’ held the door open for them, thanked them for their custom and invited then to come back soon. Tom wondered if he really meant that.


When they went to the Indian restaurant Tom was a little concerned knowing that the majority of Indian people do not like western women showing a lot of skin. As they approached the door Tom told her that he half expected them to be refused entry but it would appear that the management had adapted to the Spanish way of thinking and after explaining that his ‘daughter’ had a medical condition they were taken straight to a table that wasn’t hidden at one side of the restaurant.

Tom also noted that none of the staff that he saw looked very Indian although their dress did look quite authentic Indian.

Rachel was being quite lady like, sitting up straight with her knees closed.

Rachel had no idea what to order so Tom ordered a mild chicken curry for her and after a hesitant first mouthful the rest disappeared quite quickly.

Halfway through the meal a man came over to them, introduced himself as the manager and asked if everything was okay. A smiling Tom said that it was and then told Rachel that the restaurant must be Spanish owned and just specialised in Indian food.   

From then on Rachel became less lady like and lay back on her chair whenever a waiter came over.  

Like Tom, the Indian desserts didn’t sound appetizing but they did serve ice cream sundaes so Tom ordered two and Rachel ate hers and half of Tom’s.  


They then walked back to the campsite and went straight to the bar to meet the people that had become their friends. On the way Tom asked Rachel what she thought of Indian cuisine she replied,

“It was okay, but I wouldn’t like to eat it every day.”

“I’ll keep my eyes open for a Chinese restaurant, see if you like that.”

Then after a short pause he laughed and added,

“I’d better not take you to Scotland and scare you with Deep Fried Mars Bars or Haggis then.”  

“They fry Mars Bars in Scotland, yuk, and what’s Haggis?”

Tom laughed and replied,

“You don’t want to know Rachel.”

*****

The Harbour

One time when they walked along the smaller but slightly better beach with lots of clothed people there they ended up going through the alleyway and to the harbour. They’d had a quick look before but this time they walked round the harbour looking at the boats and the thousands of fish that lived there. As usual Tom looked at the yachts tied-up even though they were a lot smaller. On one of them they saw two teenage girls sunbathing, both as naked at Rachel was.

“I wonder if they go to the cafe or restaurant to eat like that?” Rachel asked. 

“I have no idea, do you want to hang around until they get hungry and see?”

“No chance.”


Round the other side of the harbour they found a way to get to another beach that looked like it had villas backing on to it but the sand didn’t look that nice which may have explained why they didn’t see many people on it.

Walking back the they saw a little shop and a maze of alleyways and stairs which they didn’t bother exploring. Back where the yachts were Tom decided to test the acceptability of Rachel’s nudity at the cafe and were pleased when they didn’t get asked to leave. They enjoyed a cola and an ice cream with Rachel sat lazily looking at the yachts and the tourists looking around.

Rachel was pleased when one middle-aged man did a double take then stopped for a few seconds and stared.


From there they walked out the same way that they had the last time that they were there, under a bridge with what looked like part of a hotel or apartments were built on it, then up the hill a little. This time they heard music and discovered more shops and bars, one of which had a TV showing one of Tom’s favourite sport, motor racing.

The bar had half a dozen men there watching and Tom decided to watch the Grand Prix for a while. Only the barman appeared to notice Tom and the naked girl sit at a table and he went over to them and asked them what they would like whilst staring at Rachel who had moved her chair to sit lazily so that the approaching barman would be able to see her slit and clit as well as her tits.

They had another drink but didn’t stay that long before continuing their exploratory walk.


Instead of turning left to head back to the campsite they turned right and wandered along the streets with all the villas. They could see the gardens, some of them having swimming pool, some having kids playing in them.

“I’d love to live in one of those villas.” Rachel said. “It’s so quiet here, so close to the beach and with their own pool.”

“Tell you what Rach, next year we’ll decide to buy either a villa something like these, or a yacht that we can keep in a harbour like this, like those two girls. You can let all the jealous tourists see you sunbathing. Naked of course.

“I love you Tom.”

They eventually headed back to the campsite and whilst they were walking up the hill about nine or ten people appeared from the grassy area between the road that they were on and the main coast road.

“Must have just got off a bus.” Tom said as he watched some of them stare at Rachel. 

*****

Yoga

One of the activities that the site offered twice a week was Yoga sessions. These were held on what they called the football pitch which was just a flat area about the size of a small 5-a-side pitch covered in sand.

Tom signed Rachel up for both sessions each week. At first she said that she’d do her daily exercises each morning instead but when Tom told her that there might be men watching the yoga class she changed her mind and agreed to do both.

Tom took her to the first session and had a word with the female instructor explaining that Rachel had a medical problem that wouldn’t affect her doing yoga but meant that she couldn’t wear any clothes.

The woman said that it wasn’t a problem and that she ran naked yoga classes in Marbella.

Anyway, about ten women and two men arrived for the class and Rachel made sure that her mat was in front one of the men.

Well I’m sure that you have seen a lot of the yoga positions and Rachel made sure that the men behind her got some great views of her spread pussy. There was also a couple of older teen boys who went to watch the first session that Rachel went to and they too moved around so that they could get a good look. 

Strangely enough, there were more men at the subsequent classes and the same two teenage boys were also there to watch.

*****

