Legal bit :-

Disclaimer: This story contains material of an adult nature, and as such,should not be viewed, downloaded or posessed by anyone under the appropriate age in whatever jurisdiction this file is accessed from. 







Yvette had watched the tourist for two weeks while he stayed in the hotel. Every day she went it to his room, dusted down the suite of rooms the lone northern gentleman had hired. She picked up his wet towels that he left all over the floor, changed his stained sheets every day without grumbling, knowing at the end of his stay he would leave a generous tip.
Departure day came. Yvette went into his room with a faint tingle, the wet towels were strewn across the floor as usual. She skipped lazily across to the bed. As expected the sheets were thrown back. Something strange lay across them, strings of long clear goo. Stretching a finger she picked up some and sniffed, the scent was familiar. Without thinking she extended the tip of her tongue and tasted, Slightly salty, but no aftertaste. She sucked her finger clean. At least she knew what the daily stains were now. Stripping the bed down to the rubber safety sheets underneath she left the bedding in a pile on the floor. As she moved across to the table picking up towels as she went, she looked down to the disk and gasped empty! She dropped the towels in shock! The bastard had stiffed her. He had waited on him like a slave for two weeks and he hadnt even left a thank you! She felt herself getting madder and madder. She quickly walked into the bathroom to check the damage. As she walked into the white room, she noticed something small and black in the corner, as she moved towards it she heard the door go. A loud male voice was speaking So my meeting today is cancelled? Bugger. Ok Well thats my day free. Now I just need to find my bloody suitcase. It was the hotel guest Yvette realised with a start. As she peered round the corner she saw him throw his mobile on the desk, and his suit jacket over the chair in disgust. He started picking stuff off the floor and mumbling to himself. Yvette could make out the tanned muscles from underneath his ironed white shirt. Anger and lust fuelled a plan forming in her head. She reached down and picked up one of the short brushes of her cleaning trolley. Sneaking over behind him she slammed it hard into his back. dont move fucker! This is a gun put your arms up and lie down on the bed. Shaking,  the tall man raised his arms in the air. Yvette marvelled at his muscle tone again and pushed him over towards the bed till he was lying face down. Grabbing a discarded pillow case she  pulled it over his head. Slapping him over the head strip she orders. With shaking hands he rolls over and slides his tie off, undoes his shirt and slides it off. Unbuckling his belt he slides his pants down, she slaps him again. boxers as well as he slid them down she got a good look at his package, he had a reasonable sized cock by the looks of it. That would be getting some action today. She reached down pulled his shoes off and his trousers over his feet, and lastly his socks. Grabbing a sheet she tied  each arm to the bed post followed by his feet. Smiling down at him, he was truly at her mercy. Licking a finger she slid it down his cock. Despite his fear it sprang to life, she moved her hand back and forth playing with him while deciding what to do. Going to her trolley she got her feather duster, starting at his shoulders she tickled and traced his muscles round and down. Pausing at his cock which twitched  as she spent a long time sliding up one side and down the other pushing  it between his legs so it caught both his balls and arse. My turn for a bit of fun she thought, and pulled up her short shirt over her stockings and took down her wet lace knickers. She stood on the bed astride him, pulled his pillow from over his mouth and lowered her pussy onto him. lick me she barked. Slowly at first he started lapping, she had to help by reaching between and parting her lips, but soon he got into a rythem and was hitting her clit at just the right spot. To keep him entertained she tickled his cock every now and again with the duster. She could feel her orgasm approaching and pressed down harder, her breathing became erratic and she rubbed herself against his face to make it quicken. With a cry her orgasm hit, her copious juices flowed into his mouth, he started coughing and gagging, see how you like it she thought. Jumping down the bed till she was next to his cock she gave his balls a little squeeze just to let him know she was there, then she had an idea Going to her purse she pulled out her portable boyfriend. 6 inches long,  knobbles and very wide. It was described in the catalogue as The Punisher. She used it when she needed a lift in her day. 
Grabbing her knickers she wiped her cum from his face and neck, and as he was saying thank you stuffed them into his mouth. Sliding down the bed she blew gently on his balls and cock enjoying watching it twitch.  Licking her lips she slid the first part into her mouth and sucked gently, he groaned out loud. No pleasure without pain she told him and forcefully shoved a finger up his arse. He jerked on the bed and cried out. Leaving the finger in she sucked his tip again, this time licking as well gently, as she pulled away, she started sliding the punisher up and down his chest, over his cock, then balls, and between his thighs. Guessing something was up he started straining at the bonds. Real men dont need lube and pushed as hard as she could. Even with her full strength she could not manage more than an inch or two. The lace gag did not manage to deaden out all this screams. She leant over and licked his cock from top to bottom, soaking it with her saliva. Taking the end in her mouth she slid down, relaxing her muscles as she went taking it all in till her nose was next to his pubic hair. Taking the large dildo she slid it out slightly, then rammed it back in, hard, moving her head up and down his cock in time with the pounding of the plastic invader. As she felt his balls tighten she pulled of and grasped the base of his cock, squeezing hard. No cumming for you yet!!. Swinging one leg over so she was facing his feet she lifted her knees and slid down over his hard cock. She gasped as it filled her. By just flexing her thing muscles she was able to slide up and down, his cock rubbing in  just the right places, and for extra pleasure she twisted and turned the knobbled beast sticking out his arse and she pleasured herself. As she got closer she slid one hand under her work pinny and twisted her nipples, pulling on the piercing, the other hand fingering her puckered arsehole. She wondered if that cute porter from the kitchen would come up later and take her up the arse while she rode her captive. Such sensory overload was too much and she cum hard and fast. Riding him her spasming pussy accepted the bucket loads of cum he deposited in her. Pulling her knickers from his mouth the ordered him to lick her clean. His lapping tongue licking the combined juices out of her pussy gave her a mini cum, releasing more fruits of there joining onto his face. Getting up she adjusted herself. She checked the roster, this room was not to be occupied all weekend. She made up her mind. Wiping his face down she replaced her knickers in his mouth. Checking the dildo was secure inside him, she turned the vibrate on low. Ignoring his groans, she smoothed her outfit out and  packed her trolley, she had another 30 rooms to do today yet!
