Chapter 11


" He's not really my dad, he's my boyfriend and your not really here because you hurt yourself, we took you.  Your miles from home and nobody knows you're here but us. "  Gemma looked so charged with power, her eyes sparkled and she looked magnificent as she scared the piss out of the little girl sitting on the bed.

Sally was 7, she was scrawny to say the least and the whole reason we chose her, she was perfect.  She stood around 4 feet tall and she didn't weigh a thing, there was nothing to her.  

" I want to go home. " said the little girl, and she cried with her face in the bedcovers.

" You won't be going back there Sally, not ever again, you will be staying with us. We will tell you why tomorrow, until then, try not to break anything, there is a bathroom through there and some food in that fridge right there."  I said

Our girl just cried, understandably, she didn't know what was going on and only had a few years of memory so far to miss, but miss it she did.

Over the next few days the girl stayed in her purpose built room, Gemma's teacher came each day and didn't have any idea what we had in our loft, I checked the news everyday and there was no mention of the missing girl.  I managed to get hold of a newspaper that was local to the girls house and there was a picture of her face on the front. I left this in her room, so she'd know it was real.

Sex with Gemma was still amazing, we fucked several times each day and she increasingly let me fuck through her cervix, she was in agony the whole time but since she knew I was having lots of fun she endured the pain for many hours of constant hard fucking. She also talked dirty to me often talking about the girl in the loft shouting at me to go and rape her, I enjoyed Gemma so much. She was still my everything.   A full week after kidnapping Sally I was calm enough about not being caught, calm enough to begin.

We went to see Sally, she was still in the clothes she had on at the stream and she hadn't washed since then, she was grubby looking but still sexy as hell.  Her arms cracked me up, they were so thin, around the top before the shoulder her arms were no wider than 4 inches all the way round.   
  
Gemma sat on a chair in Sally's room and watched.

" Get up and stand in front of me. "  I said

Sally had more control of herself now, and she didn't cry, she just got off the bed and walked over to where I was standing.

" I am going to teach you a few things today, firstly I will explain what you are doing here. "  I said

She looked at me straight in the eyes and sadness was all I saw in her.

" I am going to keep you as a sex slave, you will do exactly as I say.  You will answer questions when I ask you but apart from then you will not speak. " 

" I want to go home. "  She said softly.

I smacked her face with a hard slap open hand.  She hit the floor and started crying.

A few minutes later I picked up Sally and made her stand in front of me again.

" I told you not to talk.  Never talk, unless someone asks you a question. "  

She got control again and although she looked very sad, she wasn't crying.

" Do you know what sex is? "  I asked her a question.

" No. "  she said back

" Well, I will have to show you. " I said

Gemma walked over to where I was and slipped down her jeans, I took off her knickers and top, she was naked.  I took my own clothes off and smeared lube on my cock. I put Gemma over the bed and forced my cock in to her pussy fucking her firmly for a few minutes all the while watching Sally, she was staring at us. 

" Come closer. " I commanded.  Sally walked to the bed so she was next to us.

" Can you see where my cock is going. "  I asked.  No answer.

I pointed at my cock and told her to look at it, I slid it back and forth in and out of Gemma's pussy.  Sally was watching the action now so I decided to change position, I got Gemma on all fours and shoved myself back in, I fucked her with hard thrusts and Gemma started moaning.  She cum a few minutes later.

I took my cock out of her pussy and slipped it right in her ass, she yelped in surprise and then I nailed her.  I fucked her real hard for the next few minutes and Sally had started crying again. She still watched.

I decided I would fuck Gemma for a while, so I settled into a rhythm and pounded my little girls rectum.  After 20 minutes or so I felt myself going so I pulled out and made Gemma kneel and suck me, she sucked my shit stained cock without complaint for a few minutes and then I cum on her tongue in view of Sally, Gemma took the load in her mouth and then swallowed it all. She stood and smiled, then kissed me passionately and sat back down.

" That was sex.   That is your only purpose in this world from this day on, you will be kept alive and used by me or Gemma for our pleasure, do you understand? "  I said

" Yes. "  She sobbed.

I left the girl crying and Gemma and I left.   When we got back to the kitchen we sat at the table and talked.

" What do you think she's feeling right now? " I asked my girl

" Scared, and real sad. "  she said

" And lonely. "  I added.

" What did you mean when you said she will be used by you or Me?  What am I going to use her for? "  she asked.

" I plan on teaching her to suck your pussy till you cum. " I said.

Gemma closed her eyes and took in a breath. No doubt imagining it.

" I never thought of that. " She said.

" You can use her when ever you want to, and she can also be a playmate too. " I said

" Can I go and play with her now? "  She asked.

" Of course, do what you want with her. " I said

Gemma left and I went straight to my TV and turned on the Sally-Cam, I watched Gemma arrive and sit with her, they talked for several minutes and then began playing with some of the toys in the room.  After half an hour I got bored and logged in to Pokerstars, I made a few thousand and then logged out.  Still got it.   I decided I wanted to join my girls and so I went upstairs and pressed the secret loft button, the door opened and I climbed the stair case to the third floor, Gemma was chatting her head off and the girl was LAUGHING!!   She's kidnapped and told she's a slave and still she laughs... amazing.  

" Having fun? " I asked

" Yep. " Said Gemma

" Ok, I want a fuck, so who's it gonna be? " I asked.

" I will do it. "  said Gemma 

I nodded at her and she got on the bed, I stripped her and myself and lubed my cock, I fucked Gemma's pussy nice and firmly, Sally watched and then played and then watched again throughout our sex, I kept my eye on her while I fucked Gemma's pussy.  I'm still amazed at how tight she still is now, even after all the sex Id had with her, I love little girls pussy's they are just so much better than adult one's.  I switched positions regularly and fucked Gemma harder for a few minutes every so often bringing tears and crying, I needed Sally to see that this was causing Gemma pain.  I whispered in Gemma's ear.  " I'm going to get it all in now, make sure you scream nice and loud for me. "  and I plunged my cock into her deep.  Gemma screamed beautifully, I fucked her without pause, for over an hour I drilled her with my entire length and she cried and screamed the whole time.  When I was ready to cum I pulled out of my girl and shot my load on her face. 

" That was lovely " I said

Gemma sniffled and wiped her face, nose and eyes.

" Your welcome. " She said and then she kissed me and hugged me.

Gemma went and started playing again and I left.  That was perfect, I could live with that forever, but every time I'm fucking Gemma I'm thinking of how tight Sally will be... Mmmm  I'm definitely going to have to fuck her soon.

Gemma came down at around 7pm and we our meal, she sent Sally's up in her food-lift.  

" When are you going to rape her? " She asked.

" I'm not sure, I know I want to, but she's so little, I don't want to kill her straight away. " I said.

" You could at least get her to suck you. "  she said.

" keen to get started?" 

" It's Saturday tomorrow, so it's ass-fucking day... If I get injured then what are you going to do Sunday?  We need to get her ready.  "  She said.

" Ok, tomorrow after breakfast I will have her suck me and swallow my cum, you be there too so you can show her how. " I said,   Gemma smiled

We slept till 9 and got up and ate breakfast.

" Can I go get her now? " Gemma asked.

" Yes, I need to clean her first, she hasn't had a wash or change of clothes in a week. "  I said

Gemma fetched Sally and brought her in to the main house bathroom I was already running a bath and I began to take my clothes off as they arrived.

" Take off all of your clothes. "  I said  "Both of you. " 

Gemma was faster of course, she stripped down to just her panties and came over to me to take them off which I did, the new girl was very nervous.
" Come on girl I haven't got all day. " I Said

She eventually got down to just her panties and I grabbed her, slid them down and off her skinny legs.  She was so beautiful.  Like an even more miniature version of Gemma but with blonde curly hair.  Her pussy was much less developed than Gemma's, her outer flaps were large and stuck out a fair way, a lovely chubby baby pussy.  I groped the girl all over and felt her pussy roughly, I pushed her to the ground and stuck my tongue into her... I couldn't resist a dirty girls pussy, It was so sour but tasted exquisite, pissy, sweaty and delicious, I ate it for several minutes and ate our her ass as well.  When Id finished I put her in the bath with Gemma and got in myself. I washed my girls slowly and methodically spending a lot of time on their pussy's and asses, Gemma got out and dried herself and I held Sally on my lap pushing my hard cock against her tightly closed hole.  I wanted to just push her down on to it, but I didn't want to cause myself an injury so I resisted the temptation.

" I am going to fuck you this week, but first I want you to learn to suck me and swallow my cum.  Then you will suck Gemma. "  I said

She didn't say anything.  We all went through to the main living room and I sat on the sofa, I put a cushion on the floor in front of me and Gemma got down on her knees, Sally followed her example.  Gemma took charge.

" Now, when you do this you need to get as much in as possible, but keep your teeth out of the way so you don't hurt him. When he spurts his cum out, you need to swallow it quickly so you don`t spill it"  she said, and sucked my cock into the back of her throat, she bobbed her head and sucked me wonderfully while masturbating the rest of my cock. She was a pro now, such an expert.    She stopped and told Sally to try it, to her credit she didn't complain and she began immediately, she put her tiny mouth over the head and it just about fit in. She sucked and wanked me at the same time for a few minutes and it felt lovely.  Gemma gave her lots of pointers and advice eventually happy with her technique she let Sally complete her task, I could feel my Cum boiling in my balls and I shot a heavy load in Sally's mouth, she swallowed the first couple of shots but then choked on the third, pulled off and I cum on her face. 

" Not a bad effort for your first time. "  I Said

She smiled at me.  Incredible.

Gemma looked a little Jealous. 

I positioned Gemma on the sofa and pulled her legs wide apart, I had sally in front of me just 12 inches away from Gemma's open pussy.  

" Now, when you lick this you need to make sure you get everywhere, get your tongue right in the holes and lick all over it, and make sure you lick here often. " Pointing to Gemma's tiny clit.

I stuck my tongue inside Gemma and licked and sucked her for a few minutes.

" Now you try. " 
She didn't want to do it.  She hesitated and wouldn't stick out her tongue, so I pinched her nipple hard and she screamed with her mouth wide open which I shoved forward into Gemma's pussy.  I held her head into it for a few minutes of crying and she eventually started to lick. 

" You will keep licking her till she cum's, even if it takes all day. " I said

Gemma was super-horny and this abuse of the little girl was totally turning her on. Sally found the clit several times but after an hour of licking she still hadn't made my babe cum.  I told her to suck the clit harder and lick it while it's in her mouth, she tried several times and then managed it, Gemma squealed sex noises while holding the back of Sally's head tightly, 10 minutes or so later, she was pulling her head hard and grinding her pussy on the child's face, then she cum.  I was hard again from watching and I wanted to fuck the new girl... but it was Gemma's ass-fucking day and I couldn't pass up that privilege.

I lubed my cock up and moved Sally out of the way, I pushed it up Gemma's ass and began my routine.  Sally just watched patiently for the next hour while I destroyed Gemma's ass in several positions, I grabbed her arms behind her at the end and Nailed her hard as possible, she screamed nice a loud for me as I fucked her into unconsciousness, I carried on fucking her limp ass and Sally looked very scared, she'd never seen sex before this week and I think she was surprised at how viscous I was, she thought Gemma was dead.  I continued undeterred for another hour, Gemma woke up, screamed and then passed out a few times.  I forgot about the sedative... oh dear, oh well, Gemma knew that I was doing it today in front of Sally to show her what to expect next week when I took her Anal Virginity.  I was really looking forward to hearing her scream.  When I thought about Sally screaming as I nailed her ass it took me over the edge and I held on to Gemma tightly while I pumped cum in to her guts.  I pulled out and hugged my babe, I kissed her and told her I loved her.

I took Sally back to her room Naked and I showed her where her clothes were, there weren't many, I didn't intend for her to be wearing many or often.  Lots of coloured kids panties with cherry's on.  I make myself laugh.


