Eight

“Well, that went well.”

They were back in their own apartment, huddled together on the couch. Xander had insisted that Spike drink some blood right away to heal the scorched bits the sunlight had caused on the vampire’s pale skin.

“Give them time, Xan. It was all quite a shock, I expect.”

“I guess so.” They’d left as soon as their kiss had ended. Xander had mumbled something about being in touch later, and then he and Spike had made a dash for the nearest sewer entrance. He had no idea what went on in Giles’s apartment after their departure. Maybe the gang was gathering even now with torches and pitchforks. He couldn’t bring himself to care, not at this moment.

Spike snuggled up against him so they were leaning heavily against one another. Xander turned his head a little, snuffling at Spike’s neck. He hadn’t noticed among all the chaos at Giles’s place, but Spike had bleached his hair at some point during the day, and he was back to looking like his old self. Xander was glad, although somewhat leery about the possible state of his bathroom.

They were silent for a long time.

“What if they all hate me now?” Xander finally couldn’t help but ask.

“Then they’re hypocrites who don’t deserve you as a friend.”

Xander sighed.

Spike pulled himself away, nearly making Xander topple over. “Look, I can manage on my own now. If I’m going to cost you your friends, I’ll go. I’ll—”

“No!” Xander said, and saw Spike sag with relief. “They’ll just have to deal. Hey, I put up with Buffy dating Angel.”

Spike snorted softly.

“Spike,” Xander began, feeling his way gingerly onto a new topic he didn’t truly want to address. “Do you remember what happened when you…when you got hurt?”

“Got bashed in the skull.”

“Well, yeah. But do you remember how?”

“I was…I was pissed, I think,” Spike said hesitantly. “Was drinking at…at a bar, I expect.”

“Willy’s?”

“Don’t know. Can’t remember.”

“I guess that doesn’t really matter anyway.”

“Got in a fight with something.” He shook his head. “Don’t recall. Big. Scales, like a lizard. I think I won. And then I turned around, and these blokes were there. Human. They saw my fangs. And….” He made a strangled sort of sound.

Xander squeezed him and then, for good measure, kissed the side of his head. Hey, if he was going to declare his love in public, he might as well go full-force schmoopy. Very calmly, he said, “I know who they were. Found out last night.”

Spike went very still against him.

“What do you want me to do, Spike? Want me to tell you where they are?”

“Is this a test of some kind?”

“No. No test. If you want revenge, I won’t stop you, and I won’t hold it against you. I mean, if it was me, I’d want to go rip them to pieces. I won’t tell Buffy, either. Hell, I’ll help if you want.”

Spike twisted around so he was facing Xander. “Is that really what you want to do, Xan? Hurt people—kill them?—because they hurt me? I…I don’t have a soul, but I want….” He huffed out a small breath. “I need you to be my conscience. Please.”

“I’m Jiminy Cricket?”

“So I can be a real boy.”

Xander chuckled lightly at that. “You’re real enough for me.” More seriously, he added, “I’m…uncomfortable with mayhem.”

“Then I’ll stay away from them. Perhaps I should thank them. Look what they got me.” Spike leaned his forehead against Xander’s. “All it took was losing a bit of gray matter to realize your worth.”

“I’m not sure that’s a compliment.”

“Then try this.” Spike tilted his head a little and he kissed Xander. It was a very good kiss, slow and tender and passionate. It made Xander’s toes curl, made him feel open and warm and kind of melty, like his bones had gone to rubber.

Eventually, Spike pulled away. He looked gorgeous, with his lips slightly swollen and his hair mussed from Xander’s wandering hands. Xander felt himself grinning like an idiot.

***

Anya came home later, and she took one look at the two of them slumped on the couch, shirtless and with their jeans undone, and frowned. “I hope you didn’t have sex on the couch. It’s a nice couch. At least, it was before the crumbs and the blood and the man-on-man.”

“Didn’t sully your precious furniture,” Spike said. “Used the floor. I’ve the rug burns to prove it.”

She took a few steps closer, peered at his back, and nodded. “Xander’s very good, isn’t he?”

“He’s bloody brilliant.”

“He wasn’t very experienced when we met, but he’s a fast learner. We rented some videos. You should do that too, if he needs some lessons on gay sex.”

“Nah, I reckon he’ll catch on fine without.”

“I could give you some tips on what he likes. Spanking, for instance—”

“Hey! Hey!” Xander knew his face was beet red, and he was going to be in real trouble if he didn’t intercede. “He is right here, and he’d prefer to keep his private activities private, thanks very much.”

Spike and Anya shrugged and exchanged a look that clearly meant, “Humans. What can you do?” Anya continued on toward the kitchen.

“Hey, Spike?” Xander said after a few more minutes of sex- and TV-induced coma.

“Yeah?”

“I was thinking. I don’t want to kill anyone. But a little scaring the shit out of them would be of the good.”

Spike grinned. “What did you have in mind?”

***

They decided to wait until the following night. Friday had been trying enough already, and by ten o’clock Xander was ready to turn in and tune out. Before he fell asleep, though, he noted to himself how nice it was to sleep with Spike without any fabric between them, all that creamy skin pressed against him, and the skin’s owner more than pleased about being stroked and petted.

They slept in the next morning. Then they shagged, still a little clumsily, but Xander was definitely getting the hang of it. Not that he’d be averse to practice. Lots of it.

“Spike?” he said as he lay sweating atop the rumpled bedding.

“Yeah, pet?”

“Did that, uh, feel as good to you as it looked like it did?”

Spike rolled his head over to look at him and smirked. “Fancying bottoming, are we?”

“Well, you certainly seemed to be enjoying.” Spike had come twice that morning, actually, which made Xander a little envious. And kind of proud of himself. “Thought it might be worth a try.”

Spike reached over and played his fingers through Xander’s sticky pubic hair. “Be happy to give it a go, Xan,” he leered. “But you’ll need to buy some proper slick first. Don’t want to hurt you.”

“Did I hurt you?” Xander asked, alarmed. They’d used a bottle of hand lotion that Xander had stolen from Anya’s bathroom.

“Nah. Well, a bit, perhaps, but I don’t mind. Vampire, yeah? ‘M mended already. You can check if you want.” He rolled over on his stomach and sort of waggled his ass. Xander laughed and slapped the shimmying globes, which only made Spike wiggle more. “Demon bint wasn’t joking about the spanking, was she?” Now Spike waggled his eyebrows, too.

Xander smacked him one more time and then hoisted himself out of bed. “To be discussed later. When I feel operational again.”

They showered—sadly, not together; the stall was too small—and dressed and went into the kitchen. Xander was just rummaging up some food for them both when Anya came bursting into the apartment, practically jumping up and down with glee. “We rented The Magic Box! We negotiated excellent terms and there’s already some good stock there that we can have. I’ll need to do some rearranging and redecorating—Xander, you’ll build some new shelving and a few display cases—because the previous owner clearly had no idea how to properly entice customers. I mean, she kept the jars of Kalengi eyeballs right on the counter. Who wants to look at Kalengi eyeballs? Scares the customers right off. She should have had the little charms and crystals there. Impulse items. We’re going to set up a little seating area, maybe have some meditation lessons or something now and then. It brings the customers in, keeps them buying. We’ll be making a profit in no time at all.”

Xander waited until she had to take a breath. “Sounds fantastic, Ahn. Congratulations.”

Spike lifted his mug of blood and sort of toasted her with it.

Then she frowned a little. “I’m afraid Rupert and I are going to be very busy now. Xander, if you still need someone to stay with Spike—”

“I think he’s okay on his own. Spike?”

“’M a big demon now. I’ll manage.”

Anya nodded. “Good. But of course this means our agreement’s not in force anymore, so if you want me to chip in one-third of the rent—”

“It’s okay. You’ve been a huge help. I can cover the rent anyway.”

She smiled. “Good. I’m sure it’ll only be a few weeks until I move in with Rupert anyway.”

And, as Xander gaped in astonishment, she bounced out of the room.

***

Soon after sunset, they got ready. There wasn’t much to it, really. But Spike slicked back his hair and laced on his Docs. And when Xander went into the closet and brought out the beloved duster—Xander had had it cleaned weeks ago, so it was no longer stained with Spike’s brains and blood—Spike smiled hugely and shrugged it on. “Reckoned I’d lost this,” he said, stroking one leather-clad arm.

“I saved it for a special occasion.”

They walked through the darkened streets. Spike’s old hip-rolling prowl was back and Xander found himself hanging back a little just so he could admire it. “The Big Bad,” he whispered to himself with mixed admiration and dread.

There were a few things he didn’t know. For one, he wasn’t sure Jay and his gang would be there that evening. For another, assuming Jay was there, he wasn’t sure Spike would be able to control himself when facing his attackers, and would really not kill them. Xander wasn’t certain he’d be able to restrain himself from jumping the men who’d hurt his…his lover. Even if murder was averted, he didn’t know if he’d still have a job Monday morning. But he did know that he had to do this, had to confront Jay and, most importantly, he had to make sure that chipless or not, Spike was in no more danger from Jay’s crowd.

Jay’s truck was parked outside the triplex, as were a few other cars Xander recognized from Thursday evening. Spike waited for Xander to pound on the door.

Jay saw Xander first. “Xan! Did you change your mind about—” He stopped short when he caught sight of Spike. By the way Jay’s face went about three shades paler, Xander was pretty sure the guy had recognized the vampire he’d attacked. Before Jay could do anything about it, Xander grabbed the front of his shirt—it was a t-shirt with a Harley-Davidson logo on it—and hauled the man outside.

Jay yelled and flailed, trying to get away. He might have managed, too, because he was bigger and heavier than Xander. But Spike took hold of his shoulders and slammed him into the side of the house, pinning him against the wall. Xander positioned himself between them and the door, as Jay’s friends came pouring outside as well, most of them brandishing weapons. The red-headed guy had a crowbar in his hands, very possibly the one that had been used on Spike.

Spike vamped out and turned his head so the men could see. They all jumped back a little, and Jay bellowed even louder. Spike’s voice was quiet, though, menacing and maybe even slightly playful, in a cat’s-got-the-mouse kind of way. “Tell your boys to drop the sticks and blades or I’ll rip your throat out,” he said.

Jay’s eyes were rolling wildly in his head. “Dr-drop it, guys!” he said. After a brief hesitation, they obeyed.

“Now,” Spike said, turning his attention back to Jay. “We have a few matters to discuss, haven’t we?”

The gargled sound Jay made in reply was not a word.

“You lot fancy yourselves great hunters, don’t you? You don’t have a bloody idea what you’re doing. Can’t even dust a vamp when he’s helpless. I’m not helpless now.” He bared his fangs in a terrible grin and held his mouth inches from Jay’s neck. Jay made a sort of squeaking sound, and Spike rumbled out a laugh, and Xander could see in the pool of light from the porch lamp that Jay had pissed himself.

“Let me tell you something about the monsters in this town, ponce. We have eyes and ears in places you can’t even imagine. We’re underneath you, we’re hiding in every shadow, we’re watching you as you work and eat and fuck and sleep.”

Xander saw the other men shift around uneasily on their feet. He was pretty sure that one good “Boo!” would send most of them hightailing it for the city limits.

Now Spike inclined his head slightly in Xander’s direction. “You see my boy over there? You reckon he’s just a bloke who’s handy with a hammer. But he faced down one of the most vicious vampires in centuries—unarmed, mind you—and that vampire backed off. He’s beaten zombies and more demons than you could count. He’s been possessed by spirits and primal forces, and he’s survived. He’s saved his friends’ lives, he’s helped stop the end of the world, he’s been mates with Slayers and witches and werewolves. He’s tamed me, a bit. He’s more a man than you or any of your sorry lot could ever hope to be, and he’s mine.”

Listening to Spike’s speech, Xander was a little mystified about how the vampire knew all those things about him. But that wasn’t what was important right now. What was important was his realization that this was Spike, the old, original Spike, fully returned to himself and in total control of his faculties. The tenderness he’d been showing Xander lately, that wasn’t a sign that he hadn’t fully recovered. It was just another side of him, a side that he probably didn’t let others see very often. Spike was back, and he still wanted Xander.

Xander smiled. And maybe there was something to that smile, because Jay’s friend Terry muttered, “Fuck this shit,” and took off running for his car. The others followed, tearing away from the curb with squealing tires. Within seconds, only Spike, Xander, and Jay remained.

Jay looked like he was trying not to sob with terror.

“You stay away,” Spike said. “Stay away from me and mine. Stop demon hunting and take up a hobby that suits you better—crocheting, perhaps. This time I’m warning you nice like. Next time I’ll show you what a monster can really do.”

Spike turned to Xander. “Anything to add, pet?”

Xander stepped in close. He didn’t try to look scary. Spike was doing enough of that for the both of them, although later when Xander was honest with himself, he was going to admit that Spike with the bumps and the fangs was actually pretty damn hot. Xander kissed Spike’s cheek and watched Jay’s eyes bug out.

“I love this demon,” Xander said. “You try to hurt him again, and I’ll take you apart myself. Leave the attempted heroics for people who know what the fuck they’re doing.” He stepped back again.

“That’s it, Xan?” asked Spike.

“I figured it was short and to the point.”

“That it was.” Spike growled and shook Jay a little, then abruptly let go. Jay collapsed onto his ass.

Spike slung his arm around Xander and they walked away.

***

Xander walked to work on Monday. He was really going to have to buy a car. Assuming Landeros didn’t fire his ass.

But when he got to the site, Landeros greeted him with a shout and trotted on over. “What the hell happened to Franklin?”

“Um…I don’t know.”

“You didn’t talk to him?”

“Uh, not lately.” If “lately” was defined as within the last 36 hours. “He didn’t show up at my place this morning.”

“He left a message on the machine yesterday. He quit. Said something about going back to Wisconsin. Left me an address for sending his last paycheck, the bastard.”

Xander had to hide a grin. “That’s too bad. Wonder what’s up? Maybe his mom took a turn for the worse. She’s been pretty sick.” That was a complete and bald-faced lie, and Xander was sort of proud of it.

But Landeros sighed and nodded. “Yeah, whatever. Even if he did show up now, I’d can his ass. Can’t have goddamn flakes on the job.” He clapped Xander on the shoulder. “Too bad more of ‘em aren’t like you, Harris. Okay, his old pay’s yours. Eight a week.”

“Really? Thanks!”

“And we’ll have plenty of work for a while, too. City’s just given us the contract to build the new high school. Okay, get moving, kid.”

Still bemused, Xander did.

***

Xander and Spike celebrated the purchase of a new—well, gently used—Toyota the same way they’d celebrated Xander’s raise and Spike’s decision to give up cigarettes and Anya’s announcement that she’d be moving out. Sex. Lots of it; sweet and sweaty and just rough enough to please them both. To be honest, they celebrated Wednesdays with sex, and they celebrated reruns of Law & Order and the pizza being delivered in under thirty minutes and the arrival of the electricity bill and the neighbors’ dog not barking all day.

They celebrated a lot.

And they’d just finished celebrating Spike’s successful handling of a load of laundry when there was a loud pounding on the door.

“Can I still eat Jehovah’s Witnesses, pet?” Spike asked.

“Mmm…I’ll think on it.” Xander scrambled into his jeans, and Spike did likewise, only more gracefully.

Spike opened the door, and then jumped back quickly as Buffy marched in, followed by Willow and Giles, and an annoyed-looking Riley and slightly sheepish Tara. The visitors gave Spike and Xander very long looks, and Xander blushed as he was very aware that it was patently obvious what he and Spike had just been doing. And then Buffy’s eyes narrowed as she took in the tiny wounds on Xander’s neck and near his nipples.

“He bit you!” she said, and reached back for her stake.

Xander caught her wrist. “Just little nicks, Buff. He’s not exactly draining me.”

“Why are you letting him?”

Giles cleared his throat. “Erm, under the right circumstances, a vampire’s bite can be quite, erm, erotic. According to the texts,” he added maybe a little too hastily.

Spike folded his arms and smirked. “Peaches never showed off that little trick to you? Pity.”

Buffy sort of growled and wrenched her hand away. But before she could close the space between herself and Spike, Riley caught at her shoulders. “Buff. This isn’t why we came here.”

She relaxed slightly and so did Xander. “Why did you come here, anyway? I take it it wasn’t to critique my sex life.”

“Nothing to critique,” Spike said, flinging an arm around Xander’s shoulders. His skin was still warm from heat he’d stolen from Xander. “You’re a marvel.”

Willow blushed and Tara hid a giggle behind one hand.

Buffy shook Riley off and lifted her chin. “We came to ask you for your help.”

That wasn’t what Xander had expected. He’d thought they were about to stage an intervention. “Help?”

“There’s a new monster in town. And he’s kicking my ass. He’s kicking our collective asses.”

“Yeah? What kind of monster?”

“It’s….” She glanced at Riley, who winced a little. “The Initiative made him.”

“Wankers,” Spike snarled.

“Well, pretty much,” Buffy said, agreeing with Spike for maybe the first time ever. “Adam’s sort of manufactured from pieces of demons and stuff. He’s smart and he’s strong. He killed that bitch Professor Walsh, he killed a little kid and some other people. He’s bad news, Xan.”

“Yeah, okay, I got that. Where do I come in?”

It was Willow who spoke next. “We need all the help we can get. We’re stronger with you on our side, and you know some soldiery stuff, and, and we miss you.”

Xander looked at them. Willow was making her best puppy-dog eyes, and Buffy had a half-smile. Giles was smiling, too. Tara had crept up close to Willow and she grinned shyly at him. Only Riley looked a little sulky, but Xander had a pretty good idea that Captain America would go along with whatever Buffy wanted.

Xander turned and looked at Spike, who had wrapped his arms around himself. Spike’s jaw was tightly set and he was clearly trying to look fierce, but Xander knew him too well now, and could see the vulnerability just beneath the surface, the fear of being hurt again by someone he loved.

When Xander grabbed Spike and pulled him close, Spike let out a long, noisy breath, and leaned against Xander as if his legs were a little wobbly.

“I’m willing,” Xander said. “Haven’t had a good beating in months. But if I come, Spike’s with me. A team. Two-for-one deal. That okay with you, Spike?”

Spike laughed a little. “Whither thou goest, pet.”

“I’m not sure Biblical allusions are appropriate under the circumstances,” Giles muttered, but nobody paid him any attention.

Xander said, “So, what do you say? Take us or leave us.”

The Scoobies all exchanged quick looks. And then Buffy smiled and nodded. “We’ll take you.”

Xander turned his head and gave Spike a big, noisy kiss on the temple. “I guess we’re back in the demon-killing biz.”

“I expect so,” Spike said with false misery and gave Xander’s ass a healthy squeeze. “Ought to have my head examined.”

---fin---