Title: Confessions of a Loving Mother



Summary: Becoming mom's therapist has sexual benefits




Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,hot,sex







It was a typical weekend morning, and since my mother didn't have an upcoming trial, she was probably cooking something new. Cooking was her favorite thing to do when she wasn't busy with the law firm. When I went to the kitchen for breakfast, there she was, in an apron near the stove. 

"Right on time," she smiled, pleased that everything was on schedule. 

The food was prepared and we sat down to eat together. She asked me about college and all the usual things. It seemed like she was in a great mood this morning. Then she switched gears completely. Suddenly she was serious when she reached for something on the end of the table.

She slid a pamphlet across to me. "I'll be attending Dr. Rossii's two-day seminar in a few months from now. Have you ever heard of him?" 

It looked like another therapy related thing that my mother has been involved with these past few years. 

"Yeah, I think so," I replied, briefly looking through the pamphlet. "He's been on cable news a bunch of times, right?"

"That's him. My therapist recommended him to me. They're close friends. I'm also scheduled to have a few private meetings with Dr. Rossii since he'll be in town for a week."

"Yeah, and I'm guessing those private meetings aren't free either."

"The price is listed on the back," she said.

I looked at the back of the pamphlet and I couldn't believe it. "Jeez, mom, you're paying all that for a seminar?"

"Well, I'll be paying more since I'll have private meetings with him. It's worth every penny."

"How do you know?" I asked.

"You can't have a stellar reputation like Dr. Rossii has unless there's substance and legitimacy behind it. My therapist recommended him for good reason."

"Yeah, and if this seminar is a scam, you could always sue him," I joked.

"That wasn't very funny."

"I couldn't resist. But seriously, this much therapy?" 

"You wouldn't understand," she replied. 

"How do you know?"

"You just wouldn't," she replied with a little more authority.

"I think I'm old enough. I mean, if you need someone to talk to, besides a therapist or a famous doctor, then I'll gladly listen. Seriously, I don't mind."

My mother gave me a kind-hearted smile. "You're so sweet. You really are. It's touching to hear you say that."

"What else do you expect?" I smiled back, like it was no big deal. "I guess I'm a nice guy."

"Of course you are," she replied, half sarcastically.

***

Months later. It was late at night on a Saturday. I was sitting in the living room watching tv, when I heard my mother park in the driveway. She had just returned from a private meeting with Dr. Rossii. When she opened the door, there was a tense look on her face. As always, she was professionally dressed.

"So how did it go?" I asked, unsure of what to expect since she looked so serious.

She put her shoes away. "I won't be seeing him anymore in the future. Don't ask about him anymore."

Of all the possible things she could have said, I wasn't expecting to hear that. 

"Really? Why?"

"Long story," she replied. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Oh, okay."

She looked like she was about to head upstairs to her bedroom, but instead she just stood there and lingered around the living room. It was like she was debating with herself whether to tell me or not. Finally, she did.

"He asked if I wanted to go back to his room," she reluctantly stated. "When I asked why, he insisted that it was for a deeper discussion. When I declined, he told me to close my eyes, then he tried kissing me and squeezing my breasts." 

I was taken aback by my mother's explicit story. "What did you do after?"

"What do you think? I pushed him away and left. I made sure to call him a 'creep' and a 'sleaze' and an 'asshole' before I got the hell out of there."

"That's messed up. Too bad you didn't kick him in the balls."

She hesitantly nodded. "I should have. He breached the trust. As a doctor, he should know where the boundaries are, just like I do with my clients."

"I shouldn't be saying this, but you're - you know - pretty attractive. He probably couldn't help himself."

"Are you justifying his actions?" she asked, shooting me a death glare.

Immediately, I had to back off. 

"What? No way."

"It's really unfortunate," she said sadly. "He's a great guy. And I can't see my regular therapist either."

"How come? Was here there too?"

"No, but they're close friends. It would be extremely awkward meeting with my therapist again after everything that's happened with Dr. Rossii."

"What's so important about seeing a therapist anyway?" I asked. 

"Talking is therapeutic. It's nice having someone who's paid to listen to my ramblings. Gosh, I wish Dr. Rossii wasn't such a creep. He was the best listener I've ever met, and he's extremely smart too."

"Is that all you need? Someone who listens to you?"

"It's what most women need."

"I can be your listener," I offered. "For a small fee, of course."

"Seriously?"

"For the right price. I can listen and give you comments. It'll be like a part-time job for me. You'll save a ton of money too."

I was mostly joking, but kind of serious. That's the kind of joke we'd often make with each other, that either of us could be the cheap version of whatever is available in the marketplace. 

She sharpened her eyes. "I appreciate the gesture. I really do. But it might not be very appropriate given the subject matter."

That caught my attention. The fact that she had anything inappropriate to say seemed surprising. 

"What kind of subject matter?" I asked, instead of telling her that I was just kidding like I normally was with these sorts of 'job offers' of mine.

"Adult related topics," she said seriously, seemingly oblivious of the joke.

"Yikes."

"Are you interested? Or not?"

Now I was backed into a corner. "Sure, if you need the help."

"Well, I'd like to accept your offer," she smiled.

I tried my best to keep my jaw from dropping. Sure, I wanted my mother to be happy. Sure, I wanted to help her in any way that I could. But I never thought she would actually take the offer. By the look on her face, she was ready to do a lot of talking- and with me of all people.

"Oh, what makes you want to hire me?" I replied, trying to sound as diplomatic as possible.

"You're a great listener, which is what I need most. You're also mature for your age, which is important because the topics I'd like to discuss are mostly sexual."

When I heard the word 'sexual' coming from my mother's mouth, my attitude immediately changed. Suddenly I found myself becoming eager, and interested, in ways that I hadn't expected. 

"That sounds like something I can handle."

"I'm glad you think so," she replied. "I also think this would be a great opportunity to develop your communications skills for when you become a lawyer one day. This type of one-on-one interaction is extremely useful when dealing with clients."

"That makes sense," I nodded, completely agreeing with her. "Plus I'll get to make some cash too, since you'll have to pay me."

"Great. Then it's settled. Our first session is tomorrow."

Her mood became light and she headed up the stairs to her bedroom, after securing me as her new therapist. She was completely serious about the whole thing.

***

My late night 'job training' consisted of doing an internet search of how a therapist would approach things. 

The next morning she seemed eager for us to begin. She was playful about it and even referred to me as her new therapist. But at the same time, I could tell that she was taking this seriously. My mother is someone who loves talking and needs to get things off her chest to feel relieved. 

When I got to the living room, I saw that my mother had rearranged the furniture so that it would look like an actual therapist's office. She turned the couches so that we'd be facing each other.

"This is a therapy zone," she explained. "Whatever is spoken here, stays here. You're being paid to do a job, and I expect you to take things seriously. In exchange, I promise to treat you like my actual therapist."

"You can count on me. I'm well prepared."

We both sat down. Then we began. It took a moment to get used to and we both kind of giggled at each other. Then it turned serious and it was time to work.

"What do you want to talk about?" I asked, trying to sound professional.

"I'd like you to ask me anything," she said, laying down on the couch.

I thought as fast as I could for a question that would be reasonable, yet professional. I wanted to take this seriously because my mother put so much faith in me, and because she gave me a hundred dollars.

"What's your biggest fear in life?" I finally asked.

She thought for a moment. "At this moment, not finding a husband. I'm not getting any younger. My clock is ticking. Men don't keep track of these things, but women do. Our appearances are important."

"Then what's stopping you? You rarely go on dates, even though there are plenty of guys who would be interested in someone like you."

She paused for a few seconds. "It's complicated."

At that moment, I realized that this was the issue that my mother was seeking therapy for. She was clearly apprehensive about telling me her secret. But deep down, she wanted to talk about it, otherwise she wouldn't have asked me to be her 'therapist.' It was an important issue she was still struggling with.

"We've got plenty of time," I replied. 

We went through the motions of softball questions that weren't going anywhere. It served as a good warm-up for what was to come.

She paused again, thinking to herself. "I've always had a problem with nudity. It makes me uncomfortable, no matter who I'm with. Obviously that makes it difficult for me to be intimate with another man."

I was completely taken aback. How was I supposed to respond to that? But I became far more curious, even though it was incredibly inappropriate for me to even ask about it.

"Was there anything that caused you to be this way?" I finally asked. "Or did you always have this phobia."

"It was something I was conditioned with. My parents are the most religious people I've ever met. To them, nudity was impure. It led to impure thoughts. It leads to immoral behavior. So I was expected to always dress conservatively. I would always be shamed by them whenever my skin was showing."

For the very first time, I was getting a glimpse into my mother's hidden sexual side. It was intriguing, even though I shouldn't have heard that. Under normal circumstances, she never, ever would have told me this.

I did my best to give a legitimate answer. "That sounds common with a lot of people with religious backgrounds. Some of them stay that way, some of them rebel against it later in life."

"I know," she replied. "When I was younger, I used to be so afraid of nudity and exposing my own body. When I became older, I had strong fantasies of wanting to be naked. Maybe I wanted to rebel against my upbringing in some way. When I was 18, something happened that changed me."

"Tell me what happened," I said, curiously.

There was a long pause and an awkward feeling in the room. Both of us looked at each other without saying anything. Mom looked morally conflicted about this whole thing.

Both of us got comfortable in our seats. There was an awkward feeling in the room as we both looked directly at each other with nothing to say.

"I'd rather not go there," she decided. "That might be a little too personal for us. I hope you understand."

I was denied the rest of that conversation. Sadly, I wanted to know the rest, but I understood mom's perspective.

"So what's been on your mind lately?" I asked instead.

"Mostly work," she replied. "I spent the past week trying to reach a settlement with the opposing counsel. That sort of thing can be a real nightmare. Nobody wants to compromise during legal disputes. But luckily, we have more leverage on our side, so I think this case should be wrapped up within a few days."

I wasn't very interested in my mother's legal work. I simply nodded, to look as though I was fascinated. What I wanted was to steer the conversation back towards sex, but I didn't want to be obvious about it.

"That's very interesting," I replied. "It sounds like being a lawyer is a great career choice for you. It suits you well."

She smiled, "You don't really care about that, do you? I can see the look of boredom on your face all of a sudden."

"I don't know what you mean. It's interesting."

"Therapists are supposed to be good at pretending to be interested," she said playfully. "It's so obvious you're bored now. You want the other topic."

I shrugged. "To be fair, I don't have a degree in psychology, and I'm not a real therapist."

"Fair enough," she replied. "Would you rather continue the other topic?"

It was my chance. And now, she kind of seemed eager to want to share with me, to have someone to open up to. But I had to act cool about it and not seem creepy about wanting to know her secrets.

"Sure. It seemed important to you."

I tried my best to act uninterested, but my mother could tell that I was curious about it. She gave me a lighthearted smile, as if she knew what I really wanted.

She thought for a moment. "The way that my parents raised me had a lasting effect, even until now. Every time I undress in front of anyone else, whether it be a doctor or someone I'm dating, I feel like I'm doing something dirty. That's why I never wear revealing outfits, even on hot days."

"You mentioned something about an event that happened when you were 18. Do you want to talk about it?" 

"Oh, that. You're really delving deep here."

"Well, it seemed important to you. Plus you're paying me, so I might as well act like a real therapist."

"I'd rather not discuss it," she replied, after thinking for a moment. "It's a little too personal for me to share with you. I hope you can understand that."

"If you're going to keep secrets from me, then it defeats the whole purpose of even doing a therapy session. We're supposed to be open and honest here. If not, then this isn't going to work. I can return half of your money."

She nodded. "I'm impressed by your tenacity. I think you're going to be a great lawyer someday." 

"Thanks mom," I proudly replied.

"This stays between us. I don't ever want you to repeat this to anyone, or else I'll never trust you again. This will always be our secret. Do you understand?"

The playfulness in her demeanor was gone. She had become serious. The more serious she became, the more interested I was in hearing what she had to say.

"Of course, mom. I won't tell a soul. Promise."

She paused for a long moment, then she took a deep breath. "My older brother and I used to rebel against our parents' harsh stance against nudity."

"Uncle Jeff?"

"Yes, your uncle."

My uncle is mom's only sibling. He's a great guy. I rarely see him anymore since he moved overseas years ago to pursue a job.

"What did you and Uncle Jeff do?" I asked.

She took another deep breath. "Jeff became very open minded after he moved to college. When he came home for summer break, we used to talk about all of the things he did with other college students. Things that would make our parents absolutely freak out. He talked about swimming naked with other people at the beach. Things like that."

"That must have been exciting for you to hear."

"It was like hearing about a new world. I was captivated by everything he told me. But that was nothing compared to when he finally admitted to having pre-marital sex. I couldn't believe it."

Hearing my mother openly discuss "sex" and nudity was guiding this conversation in ways I never could have imagined. I was hooked to my mother's story.

"Why was it so surprising?" I asked.

"Because we weren't allowed to have sex before marriage. We were also told that masturbating was a sin. It was strictly forbidden by our parents. Nudity and sex felt like the two biggest sins in our household. Jeff violated both of them when he went to college."

"No wonder you were so excited by it."

She nodded. "It was exciting beyond belief. I constantly asked him questions. I wanted to know everything. I wanted every detail, no matter how dirty they were. I wanted to know how it all felt. Including the sex he had."

My heart rate started to rise. 

"How did he react to your curiosity?"

My mother smiled, "He loved to answer my questions. Jeff taught me a lot when I was young. I relied on him to teach me about life."

"I'm sure he loved that role."

"He's my big brother. Of course he did."

"Did it ever go beyond talking?" I asked, without thinking. 

As soon as I asked that, I regretted it. But the look on my mother's face showed that I had struck a chord with her. There was a bigger secret deep down.

"We did things together," she admitted, in a coy tone.

"Like what?"

She took another deep breath. "We used to get naked together. When our parents were at work, we got naked around the house. It was my first exposure to sexual freedom. It felt so liberating. I loved walking around naked with him. I loved letting him see my bare body."

My breath became heavier. I was intrigued. I was interested. I was becoming sexually aroused by my mother's story.

"Did it ever go beyond nudity?" I asked, almost without thinking.

She thought for a moment. "This stays between us. I don't want you to repeat this to your Uncle. We swore to each other that we would never tell anyone. This would also ruin me if people in the neighborhood found out."

"I swear. I won't tell anyone. I would never do that to you."

She took one last deep breath. "I was 18. I was preparing to move to college. I knew I was going to lose my virginity there eventually, but I wanted my first sexual experience to be special, with someone I loved. So I begged my brother to take my virginity. I begged him to have sex with me."

"Did he?" I gasped.

"I had to convince him for weeks, and he eventually agreed. The first time we had sex was when our parents were at work. Without going into graphic detail, I still remember every touch and feeling. It was sweet and tender."

Hearing my mother's secret revelation was shocking to me. It was the last thing I ever expected to hear. At that point, I didn't see her as just being my mother. I saw her as a sexual human.

"I'm glad it was a good experience for you," I said, unsure of what else to say.

She smiled, "It was more than just a good experience. It was a life changing experience."

I nodded. "Why do you still have issues with nudity then? It sounds like you became a sexually liberated woman after those experiences with him."

"That's how it should have ended. My life would be so much easier if that were the case."

"What happened that was so bad?"

"Our father came home early from work and saw us naked together," she replied directly. "I'll never forget it. My brother and I were sitting on the couch watching tv, like most siblings do, except we were fully naked. There wasn't a single piece of clothing on our bodies."

"Sounds awful."

"It was. I've never seen my father that angry before, ever. It was really bad. But thank god he didn't catch us having sex. Things would have been so much worse. We would have been disowned."

"Did you ever do anything with your brother again?"

She shook her head. "No. We never got naked around each other again. And we never had sex again. I was too afraid. Whenever I get naked in front of other people, I always think of how my father would react."

"I can understand why this is so hard for you to talk about. It's a really difficult situation."

"No one else knows about this besides my old therapist, Dr. Rossii, and now you. You're part of the club now."


"Your secret is safe with me."

"I know it is," she replied, giving me a forced smile to hide her sad feelings. "I think that's enough therapy for one day, don't you?"

"It was definitely a lot."

"Good. We can continue this conversation in the future. Maybe you can put the furniture back, and I'll make us some hot chocolate."

"Sounds great, mom."

She got up and went to the kitchen. I could see the tears forming in her eyes. She was clearly still affected by these issues.

***

A week later. I awoke to the smell of my mother's cooking. After I washed myself and went down the stairs, I saw her cooking in the kitchen, wearing an apron. She smiled at me and told me to sit. We ate breakfast together. I figured she'd want another therapy session since she had the free time, but apparently she had other ideas.

"I found a new therapist," she said in a formal way. "I won't be needing your services anymore."

The news came out of nowhere and I didn't know how to react. I was glad that she found the right person to talk to, but at the same time, I was a little upset that I wouldn't be able to hear her secrets anymore.

"That's great mom," I nodded.

"It really is. I won't have to bother you anymore with my silly problems."

"If you're willing to pay me, then you can tell me whatever you want."

She laughed. "Thank you for being such a great listener. You handled it well. Our therapy session was actually pretty good."

"I'm glad. And I'm always here if you need me."

There was a short paused as she stared at me suggestively.

"Did you enjoy hearing my stories?" she asked with a faint smile.

"What? No. I mean, I don't like what you're implying, mom."

"I'm not implying anything. I'm only asking because... well... you're a young man and it's perfectly natural for you to be intrigued in some way."

"You're my mother," I replied, trying to avoid suspicion. "Obviously that makes things a little different."

She shrugged. "Fair enough. Anyway, I'm just glad that I finally found a new therapist to speak to. I just hope he's as good as Dr. Rossii."

"Dr. Rossii must really be special. You always seem to talk about him. What makes him so good?"

"I really like his methods and philosophy," she replied firmly. "He has a wealth of knowledge. Every time I told him something, he immediately knew the right thing to say, and how it could be treated."

"So what did he say about your big issue with nudity and your brother? Is there even an answer to that?"

"Trust me, you don't want to hear it," she said, with a smile slowly forming on her lips.

I gave her a look of disbelief. "After everything you've told me, a doctor's advice is something I don't want to hear?"

She thought for a moment. "Dr. Rossii said the best way for me to get over my phobia of nudity is to reenact my old experiences of happier times. In other words, he wanted me to walk around the house naked."

Hearing those words shocked me. I've always assumed that doctors and therapists didn't give much practical advice regarding mental issues. I've always assumed that they just listened to problems that people have, and occasionally prescribed medication. But the concept that Dr. Rossii presented was something I never would have expected. 

"Do you think that's legit?" I asked.

"It could be. Or maybe he was just trying to get into my panties. He suggested this right before he tried to have sex with me."

"Are you going to try it someday?" I blurted out, immediately regretting it.

She laughed. "I live at home with you. I'm sure it would be horrible if your old mother walked around the house naked."

I nodded immediately, trying to look as if I agreed. "Oh. Yeah, you're right. That would be pretty awkward."

She gave me a skeptical look. "Why do I get the feeling that you're open to this idea?"

"I just want what's best for you," I replied, trying to avoid suspicion. "Dr. Rossii is a highly respected doctor. If that's what he thinks, then his opinion should be taken into consideration."

"Now you're interested in what he has to say?" she asked with an eyebrow raised.

"He's been on tv. That makes him legitimate as far as I'm concerned."

"I see."

My mother gave a slight nod, as if she had figured me out.

***

The next day. I arrived home around 4 pm after being in another study group with my friends. I wasn't sure if my mother was home or not, since she leaves the office at different times. When I opened the front door and walked inside, I assumed I was home alone.

There was a ruffling sound in the kitchen. Normally, if my mother was home, she would call out and say 'hello,' and then ask how my day was. There was no call, but someone was in our house. I walked towards the kitchen and saw something completely unexpected.

It was my mother and she had quickly thin silk robe. I briefly saw her bare shoulder as she ruffled around.

"Oh, sorry," I said. "I thought I was home alone."

"Well, I'm here," she replied as she clenched her robe tightly to cover her chest. "I thought I would be home alone, too. You're early today."

She seemed kind of frozen, like she had just been caught doing something she wasn't supposed to be doing. It was pretty obvious what it was, since she never walks around in just her robe.

"Were you naked just now?" I asked without thinking. 

She clenched her robe tighter. "So what if I was?" 

I immediately realized that I sounded like a jerk.

"Nevermind. Sorry, I'm going now."

She sighed, " I was naked before you arrived home. I wanted to try the doctor's advice."

"Did it work?"

"I don't know. When I took off my robe, I heard the door open and you showed up."

"Sorry again for ruining your experiment, or whatever it is," I said apologetically.

"Don't be sorry. There's always next time, right?" she asked with both eyebrows raised. 

"Right, there's always next time."

I couldn't tell if my mother was being sexually suggestive, or if she was speaking in terms of her therapy. I could tell by looking at her chest that she was breathing faster.

She walked passed me and I could see the flustered look on her face. If I didn't know better, I'd say she was aroused. But from what? 

***

A week later. It was almost evening and the sun was coming down. I was sitting on the couch watching tv when my mother came home. She was dressed in a professional office attire as usual. She had just returned from her first session with a new therapist and the look on her face showed how delighted she was with everything.

She sat down on the couch next to me. "I told my new therapist everything. I told him about my brother and my issues with nudity, and he was open minded about it. I also told him about the advice I received from Dr. Rossii."

"What did he say about it?" I asked.

"Time was up, so we didn't have a chance to fully discuss it. But he is an avid fan of Dr. Rossii, and says that whatever Rossii advises is probably the best route to go."

"Are you going to give it another try?"

"Do you want me to?" she asked with a seemingly open mind.

I shrugged. "I don't know. It's your decision, mom. They're the experts, not me."

A smile slowly grew on her face. "You want to see me naked, don't you?"

"What makes you say that?"

"Because of how interested you've become in my therapy. Plus you're so much like my brother. You're very protective of me, just like he is. So if you're anything like your Uncle Jeff, then you probably have the same secret fantasies."

"You're thinking way too hard, mom," I replied, trying to divert attention away from myself.

"Do you want to know who told me about that theory?"

"Who?"

"Dr. Rossii suggested it," she replied. "He's one of the country's leading experts on human sexuality. He knows a lot about human desires. When he suggested that deep inside, you might have incestuous feelings towards me, I couldn't believe it. So he asked me to start telling you my secrets and to watch your reactions. That's why I did it. My new therapist agrees with that assessment. They're both very smart men."

Suddenly I was at a loss for words. Two smart experts had come to the same conclusion. How could I argue otherwise? 

"Do you believe them?" I asked nervously.

She playfully shrugged. "Maybe. I'm not sure."

With that said, she got up and told me that dinner would be ready in a while. Then she headed up the stairs to change her clothes.

***

Saturday morning. It began as a typical day. I came down the stairs to the smell of my mother's home cooking. The dining table was covered with fresh food. My mother was doing the dishes and occasionally looking through the window.

The only difference this morning was that my mother was wearing a thin silk robe, instead of her usual home clothes. I could slightly see the shape of her backside through the thin material. 

"Smells great," I said.

My mother had finished washing the dishes and turned the water off. She looked at me and then she smiled. My eyes briefly looked to the middle of her closed robe, wondering if she was truly naked underneath.

"Morning," she said. "I hope you're hungry."

"Always."

"Perfect. Have a seat."

We ate together. We made small talk. When the room became quiet and we focused on eating, my mother's robe started to slip open. It wasn't a lot, but it was enough for me to see the center of her bare chest. I took a few glances.

"Have a good look?" she asked, before taking a sip of her coffee.

"What do you mean?" I replied, trying to be coy.

"I saw you peeking. Don't worry, it's my fault. I was going to change my clothes after cooking, but you woke up earlier than I expected. The food was still hot so I figured we might as well eat together right away."

"Were you... never mind... I shouldn't ask."

"It's okay," she replied. "Go ahead. Ask."

"Were you naked earlier?"

"As a matter of fact, I spent the last half-hour cooking with no clothes on. I only put on the robe when I saw our neighbor peeking in the kitchen."

"Which one of our neighbors saw?" I asked, amused.

"Mr. Jensen," she replied. "We often wave at each other while he waters his lawn in the morning. This time he saw me naked. You should have seen the look on his face. His jaw dropped and he completely froze."

"What did you do?"

"I waved at him. When I remembered I was naked, I put my robe back on. I'm pretty sure he liked it."

"I'm sure he won't look at you the same anymore."

"Probably not," she replied, almost wanting to laugh. "He had a nice little show. He definitely enjoyed it. I'll be honest, I enjoyed it too. I still felt embarrassed after being caught. But it was fun being naked all morning."

"It sounds like you're almost over your phobia of being naked in front of others. I'm glad. I wish I could have been there to see it."

As soon as those words last words came out of my mouth, I instantly regretted it. The look on my mother's face said it all. She looked surprised. Her expression was priceless. 

She raised an eyebrow. "So, you wished you could have seen it?"

"You know what I meant. I like that you're blossoming and overcoming fears. That's what I was trying to say."

"You're not interested in seeing me naked?" she asked teasingly.

I was completely caught off guard by my mother's question. Suddenly, she seemed serious, like it wasn't a joke anymore. 

"Now you're really making me uncomfortable," I joked.

"To be honest, I also felt uncomfortable when Dr. Rossii suspected that you may be prone to incestuous fantasies. A part of me felt like such a horrible mother, as if I had failed in some way. But he assured me that there was nothing wrong with this. That these things are common."

"You're just teasing me, aren't you?" I asked. "You're trying to find out if his theories are correct."

My mother opened the right side of her robe to expose a bare breast to me. It was round, full, and firm looking. Her nipple was large and brown. It was the first time I had ever seen her naked breast, and it was beautiful.

"This is more than just about teasing you," she replied in a heartfelt manner, with her breast still exposed. "This is about finding where my boundaries are. At my age, I want to explore the limits of my sexuality to the fullest extent. So far the results are surprising."

She closed her robe and my free view of her breast ended with me wanting more. My mind was racing, but as usual, I didn't want her to know how aroused I was becoming.

"Did you enjoy showing that to me?" I asked.

"I did," she replied. "Can I be brutally honest for a moment?"

"Of course."

She took a deep breath. "Thank you for all of our chats. They've been extremely helpful to me. But part of the reason why I told you so much is because I secretly enjoyed it. I enjoyed telling you these things. I've always wanted to relive that feeling I experienced with my brother when I was younger."

I was struck by my mother's words and honesty, especially her admission that talking to me was somehow sexually gratifying to her. 

"I've enjoyed our chats too," I admitted. "To be honest, I found them arousing. I think you already knew that. I don't know why, but it was amazing hearing about your sexual side."

"Do you mind if I take my robe off?"

"I don't mind."

My mother looked me directly in the eyes as she untied her robe. Her face was expressionless and I couldn't tell what she was thinking. The robe opened and I saw the middle of her bare chest. She gave the robe a gentle tug and it fell to the bottom of her chair. My eyes marveled at my topless mother. Her breasts were slightly sagging and I could see them jiggle as she moved her arms to take the robe off completely.

"Do you like them?" she asked.

"I love them," I replied. "How do you feel right now?"

"Liberated."

"I can tell."

She smiled at me and went back to eating, as if nothing was out of the ordinary with her breasts showing. The slight smile remained on her face as she continued to eat. I could tell she was enjoying being naked in front of me. At that moment, she was the exhibitionist, and I was the voyeur. The aspect of mother/son incest between us only made things more erotic. 

After a few short minutes, we finished our food and she looked at me with an overly proper expression, as if she was still getting used to her nudity.

"I should get started with the dishes now," she said. "And I think you've seen enough for one day."

When she stood up, I saw my mother completely naked for the very first time. She had dark curly pubic hairs around her vaginal area. Her hips were full. She had the body of a luscious mature woman.

She quickly put the robe back on and tied it. There was a sense of embarrassment in her actions, as if she regretted it. There was also a sense of satisfaction on her face, like she had become very aroused. 

*** 

My mother could barely make eye contact with me for the rest of that morning and afternoon. She spent much of the day in her home office because of an upcoming trial she was preparing for. When I saw her around the house, she was fully dressed wearing a tshirt and sweatpants. 

Towards the evening, I saw her standing in front of the large living room window with a cup of tea in her hand. It was one of her favorite ways of calming down if her work became stressful. She didn't say anything to me, even though she knew I was there, which was unusual. 

"Are you upset over what happened earlier?" I asked, walking over to where she was standing.

She turned to look at me. "What makes you think I'm upset?"

Both of us looked through the window at the view together. The sun was still out, but not for long. 

"Things have been really awkward since this morning," I said. "I hope you don't regret anything."

"I'm not embarrassed by what I did. I don't feel ashamed for showing you my body. It's terrifying knowing that I enjoyed it so much. How could I? With my own son? What's wrong with me?"

I put my hand on her shoulder. "Don't feel bad. There's nothingwrong with this."

"Are you just trying to make me feel better? Or do you want to see me naked again? Give me an honest answer."

"Would you be offended if I said I wanted to see you naked again?" I asked.

"No," she whispered.

"There's your honest answer. I want to see you naked again."

"Keep your eyes forward, towards the sunset."

I did what she asked and continued watching the sun going down. She put her tea cup on a nearby table. Then I heard my mother undressing. I could hear her tshirt and pants being tossed to the floor. Then I heard her bra unclasp. Then I heard her panties being removed. 

She moved behind me and gave me a tight squeeze with her arms wrapped around my body. I felt her heavy breasts pressing against my back. It was a breathtaking moment for us.

"How does this feel?" she asked warmly.

"It feels nice. What are you thinking about?"

"I feel young again," she replied blissfully. "I feel like I'm 18 years old. This brings back fond memories of happier times. It's scary. I knew all along that these feelings were developing between us."

"Looks like Dr. Rossii was right," I replied.

"Too bad he's a jerk though," she laughed, squeezing me tighter.

The sun was going down and it was becoming darker by the moment. My mother and I just stood there and enjoyed the feeling of her bare breasts pressed against my back, and her arms wrapped around my body.

"I better get dressed and start preparing dinner now," she said, rubbing my shoulders. "We've been standing here for a while, doing nothing. You're probably bored from listening to my emotional rantings by now."

Impulsively, I grabbed her wrist and moved her hand down to my crotch. Out of curiosity, she squeezed my shorts to find out if I was aroused. When she squeezed her hand, she felt my throbbing erection.

"Oh my," she gasped, with her hand grabbing my cock through my shorts. "It must be painful."

"In a good way."

"And it's because of me?"

"I think you already know that," I replied.

She paused for a moment. "I feel the same way."

The fine line between mother and son had already been crossed, with her breasts against my back, and her hand rubbing my throbbing erection. 

"Stand in front of me," I said. 

"Is this a private therapy session?" she asked playfully.

"You'd have to pay me again, of course," I joked.

My mother let go, and then she stood in front of me. The sun had just disappeared and outside was rapidly becoming dark. But there was still enough light to see her bare figure. 

I wrapped my arms around her naked body. My hands briefly roamed her body. She felt soft and luscious. Then I reached down with one hand and touched the outside of her vagina, feeling her pubic hairs between my fingers. Then I slipped two of my fingers inside of her pussy, feeling her warmth and wetness.

"You're soaking wet, mom."

"I know," she replied, with my fingers deep inside of her. "Being naked in my son's arms isn't something a mother should ever be proud of. But it's undeniable. I love this feeling."

"So do I."

My fingers went deeper inside of her and she gasped. Her moans became louder as I fondled her pussy. I used my other hand to fondle her breast for the very first time. It was soft and round. I played with her large nipple and pussy at the same time. The moans coming out of her mouth showed how much she loved it.

"I've wanted this for so long," she admitted, in a state of sexual bliss. "I've fantasized about being naked around you. I've wanted to share my body with you. I've dreamt of you touching me like this."

My fingers moved at a faster rate, bringing more pleasure to her nipple and pussy. Her moans became louder. Soon, it wasn't enough. I wanted to pleasure her the best that I could. I needed to make her cum.

Our eyes were merely inches apart. I could feel her breathing on my skin. She probably assumed that I wanted to kiss her, which I did, but there would be time for that later. At that very moment, I wanted something else.

I got down on my knees. My mother knew exactly what I was planning to do, and she spread her legs apart while standing in the dark living room. 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked, having mixed feelings that this was happening.

I looked up at her and nodded.

The tip of my tongue touched the bottom end of her brown labia and her body immediately quivered. I could hear my mother moaning as I licked up and down. She placed both of her hands on my head to make sure I wouldn't stop. Then I wrapped both of my hands around the back of her thighs, feeling the muscles in her legs do everything in their power to make sure she could stand up straight. The more I licked the outside of her pussy, the more her body reacted. 

"Please don't stop," she said in a sexually depraved voice. "Put your tongue inside me. I'm so close."

With my mother's permission, I pushed my tongue inside of her pussy and tasted her fluids. She was dripping wet. Her fluids gushed inside of my mouth. I could feel how warm she was as I moved my tongue around. She began to make panting noises with her mouth. 

The light outside was gone and we were in the dark. If anyone outside had looked through our window, they would have seen my naked mother standing in the living room, while I performed oral sex on her. I licked her clitoris which immediately got the most reaction from her body. I used one of my fingers to rub her swollen clitoris while I ate her pussy. My mother's hands held the top of my head tightly as she screamed.

I knew I was doing something right. My mouth and my finger kept up the frantic pace, and my mother let out another loud scream. She came. Fluids ran down her pussy.

My mother gently pushed me away and I watched her body shiver. Her face looked like she was in a total state of shock. Her eyes were wide open. She took a few steps back and sat down on the couch to take several deep breaths.

"Are you okay mom?"

"I'm more than okay. That was the best orgasm of my life."

She held my hand and we enjoyed the silence and the darkness of the room. My erection was still there, and she knew it. Once she composed herself, she reached down to rub my crotch. It was the beginning of our new relationship. 

*** 

Several months later on an early weekend morning. I came down the stairs to the smell of my mother's cooking. I saw her in the kitchen as she was mixing something in a bowl. She was facing the window, so she didn't see me. But I saw her clearly. She was naked except for a small apron. I marveled at her naked backside. It was a sight I never grew tired of. I especially loved her full hips and thighs. Her ass was full and luscious.

When I walked behind her, I gave her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. She continued mixing the batter so she could bake muffins. 

"Morning mom. Smells great."

"You could have stayed in bed a little longer," she replied, still mixing "None of the food is ready yet."

I gave her a kiss on the neck. "Am I distracting you?"

"Kind of. But I don't mind. You're always a nice distraction."

She turned her head and gave me a kiss on the lips. Then another. Then our tongues met. The kiss we shared was both lewd and loving at the same time. It was completely inappropriate, yet it made perfect sense to both of us.

"You look sexy in that small apron," I said, moving my hands around to caress both of her bare breasts.

"I thought you preferred me completely naked?"

"I do. But there's something really sexy about a naked woman who also takes the time to be prim and proper."

"Very true. And the apron is a necessity. The last thing I need is for hot oil to splash against my chest."

I pinched her nipples. "We can't have that happening. Especially since your breasts are so sensitive."

"I know. But I'm sure Mr. Jensen would rather see me without the apron."

"He still spies on you?"

"Every chance he gets," she replied. "Especially on the weekends when he knows I'm naked in the kitchen."

"I can't blame him for that. You always look amazing. Did he spy on you this morning?"

"He certainly did. As always, I pretended not to see him so that he would have a nice little show. Why do you ask? Are you jealous?"

My hands squeezed her breasts again. "Why would I be jealous if I get to have your body everyday? Besides, I think Mr. Jensen has great taste in women for spying on someone like you."

"You're too sweet," she replied. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have a lot of baking to do. There's a charity bake sale in a few hours, remember?"

"Sure I remember. But that doesn't mean we can't have our fun."

My erection was growing and I squeezed my mother extra tightly, pressing my groin against her naked backside so that she knew I was aroused.

"Please, can't this wait until the afternoon?" she pleaded. "I want this as much as you do. But I need to put all of this food in the oven."

"You've already spoiled me. Can't we do both at the same time?"

My hand moved down to her crotch, and I began to finger her vagina.

"Fine. It's my fault for spoiling you. And I still you owe you for our 'therapy' sessions."

I kissed the side of her face. "Therapy is expensive. It's time to pay up."

Once I had permission, I pushed my shorts down to my ankles. My cock was throbbing. She stuck her ass outwards, which allowed me to point my cock directly towards her pussy from behind. She spread her legs so that I would have easy access to her pussy. I guided my cock and penetrated her.

My mother simply carried on with her baking. She added more ingredients to the mixture while I slowly made my way inside of her from behind. I watched as she added dried fruits and nuts to the muffin batter and she moaned while she stirred it.

"Oh god," she gasped. "Thank goodness I'm almost finished or this would have been a real mess."

"You would have figured something out."

I pushed my cock all the way inside, then I slowly pulled out, before going back in again. A rhythm was forming, and we were having sex.

She moaned. "Uhh... maybe... I'm doing two of my favorite hobbies at once."

My mother quickly mixed the batter inside of the bowl while I fucked her from behind. She was making different sounds with her mouth, which showed just how much she was enjoying this. After a few more thrusts, she stopped mixing the batter. Maybe it was because it was actually done. Or maybe she couldn't prepare the food properly while we were having sex. She put both of her hands down on the kitchen counter and enjoyed our unholy coupling.

Her pussy was warm and tight. It became wetter by the moment. That's one of the things I loved about having sex with my mother- how wet she could become. She's always been very good at hiding her emotions, especially as an experienced trial lawyer, but her pussy never lied. Her pussy always revealed her true feelings. And at that very moment, I knew my mother was incredibly horny being ravished like this in her kitchen.

I thrusted as fast and as hard as I could. Our kitchen was surrounded by windows. If our neighbor, Mr. Jensen, decided to spy on my mother again, he would have seen me fucking her from behind. If any of our neighbors had looked through our window, our reputations would have been completely ruined. We would have been chastised from the community. Maybe that terrified my mother. Maybe taking a huge risk only made her more aroused, which was why her pussy was so wet.

"Make me cum," she groaned, with her depraved voice. "I need to cum so bad. Touch my pussy. Rub my clit. You fuck me better than my brother ever did."

She only talked this dirty when she was in the right mood. Her fantasies of incest and being naked around the house always returned when she was hot enough.

Rubbing her clitoris was usually the most common way she achieved an orgasm, since it was the most sensitive area of her body. I used two fingers to rub her engorged clit. I rubbed it in a circular motion as I pounded away from behind. 

"I'm right there," she hissed. "God, I'm going to cum. You're so bad... doing this to your own mother."

Before long, her fluids rushed down my fingers. My hand became a complete mess. She squirted. Her wetness ran down my cock and between both of my legs as I kept on fucking. She cried out loud while she came. If our kitchen window was open, the neighbors would have heard my mother having a powerful orgasm.

I came soon after. I clenched my mother's hips tightly and deposited several loads of cum inside of her drenched pussy. 

My mother didn't say a word as she leaned on the kitchen counter. I heard her breathing heavily. I saw trickles of sweat begin to form on her shoulders.

"That was amazing," she panted, with her head on the kitchen counter.

I kissed her shoulder and pulled my flaccid cock out. "You're always amazing, mom."

"I needed this. It's my favorite way to start the day."

"Exactly. Now you'll be even more enthusiastic at the bake sale."

She turned around and gave me a kiss on the lips. "There's one more thing that I need from you."

"What's that?"

She smiled, "I haven't had a proper breakfast yet."

My mother casually got down on her knees and engulfed my cock in her mouth. She slurped all of the cum on my cock and swallowed it. She ate my cum along with her own vaginal fluids. She had always said how delicious that cum mixture tasted. It had become her new favorite meal in the past few months and she always ate our cum mixture before she went to court.

By sheer coincidence, Mr. Jensen came outside and watered his lawn. I'm sure he was disappointed that he saw me, instead of my naked mother, who was busy on her knees. We made eye contact and we waved at each other. Little did he know that my mother was on her knees, with a mouthful of cock.

The End




For pics visit:---->>>https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI 

