Samantha had become somewhat of a legend at the spa that day. There was talk among all the staff about the woman with something more to offer. Ashley had said that she saw the woman changing out of her street clothes and had noticed a sizeable bulge that belied her toned and carefully attended frame. Katherine, the masseuse, managed to confirm the rapidly spreading rumor shortly after their session; it wasn't professional, but this was something new for the staff of the _Spring Pine Resort and Spa_.
"She's a futanari, I swear it." Ashley had her hand raised exaggeratedly in an oath. "And it's _huge_. Like, easily puts half of my toys to shame."
Fae's eyes grew wide, "she was hard in the locker room?"
"No... but I can tell." Ashley returned casually.
"You're so thirsty, Ash." Katherine was laughing the words out. "But, it does make me curious about what she could do with it. She is cute, and it wouldn't be the first woman I've had take me home."
"Oh, and I'm thirsty!"
"Well." Fae quietly broke the upcoming bickering. "What does she look like?"
"Oh, you know, pretty much perfect. Rich women can afford a good surgeon."
Katherine scoffed, "I worked her whole back, legs, and arms, she's all natural. Her muscles are corded up tight, and she was talking about how she did the same routine each any every day. Titties even popped out the sides and settled on her chest all natural-like. She's just got great genetics."
"Fucking maybe. She's really tan, mocha. Her hair is a dye job, but not overly flashy. Kind of a nice blonde. She keeps it pinned back and struts around like a model. She's tall too, like, really tall."
Fae crossed her legs tightly as she pictured an Amazonian woman with rippling muscles and unnatural grace. She checked the logs as to where Samantha may be at this stage of her day. It was getting later, and the place was starting to clear out as the staff chatted idly in the back rooms, Fae desperately hoped she hadn't left the spa before she got a peek. Carefully looking across the break room table at the chart Katherine lazily threw to the middle, Fae had seen that Samantha had finished a mud bath and hot soak treatment and would be enjoying a sweat in the sauna in about twenty minutes.
"Hey, guys? Do you mind if I clocked out a little early and took a dip in the jacuzzi while it's open? I'm exhausted and could use a de-stressor myself." Fae began to move out of the room while asking, letting them know she had no time for 'no' from either of her coworkers.
"Go for it, Kathy and I will just continue our perverted banter without you!"
And with that, Fae slipped down the hall of the staff area and into the main spa, the playful taunting of Katherine and Ashley playing out in echoes of the empty hallways.

Fae walked with confidence into the sauna changing room, quickly tearing off her telltale _Spring Pine_ shirt and tossing it into the hamper; she'd dig it out later. Fae grabbed a set of towels from the accompanying stand, pressing them to her chest to protect her modesty, as she marched down the lines of changing stalls looking for the woman who matched the description her colleagues gave. Not a single stall was occupied, she was alone in the room. So, with determined curiosity, Fae took one of the stalls for herself and quickly stripped down.
The idea that occurred to Fae was to examine herself in front of the mirror, towel covering the more personal aspects, while she waited for Samantha to show up in the changing room. Fae sauntered to the mirror and began to eye herself disinterestedly. There was some pride in her body, not what one would call toned, but she was lithe enough. Fae wasn't the tallest girl either, but her bubble-butt from years of cycling made her fun-sized frame enchanting to most as she walked down the streets of the city. Her breasts were still clinging to the perkiness of youth, even the towel she had carefully wrapped around her couldn't hide that. She decided on pulling her red hair back into a tight bun as she scoured her pale and freckled reflection for any blemishes.
With that, she heard the door creak open. In walked an attractive woman with the slightest hint of aging. Like Katherine had said, wealthy women could afford good surgeons. Her hair was raven-colored, and she was as petite as Fae was herself - not the woman she hoped for. After only a few minutes in the stall, the woman was out and undressed as well. Her makeup was still intact, a testament to the quality of the items she owned. There was the lingering scent of complimentary champagne clinging to her as she brushed past Fae with a smile, checking her teeth in the mirror before moving past and into the sauna itself.
Fae became discouraged. A little nervous. But, something strange, she noticed that her cunt was beginning to bead with wetness at the excitement this little diversion had brought. Her body felt bold and insisting. So, Fae checked the only place she hadn't looked through yet: the sauna.
The dark glass of the door blocked out any views of the interior. Fae paused as she reached for the cedarwood handle. Her pulse went up a bit, nervous of what her coworkers would be saying if they caught her. No, if the woman just entered but a moment ago, it'd be another hour at least until the final check and the sauna closed for the night. For now, it was safe.
As Fae pulled the door open, a hot gust of steam crept out from the cracks. As Fae's vision cleared she saw - nothing. Just the champagne woman from before, laying on a plank of wood, chest rising and falling in the state of a tipsy nap.
From behind her, Fae heard the door to the changing room begin to open. In the rush of nerves at being caught in such a place and time, Fae ran quickly into the sauna, found a spot for herself, and sat with her disappointment in the hope that the blacked-out window would afford her comfort from the prying eyes of her coworkers.
After a handful of minutes, the sauna door opened. Fae tightened her body and prepared for explanations, only to see that it wasn't her friends barging in - it was Samantha.
Samantha wasn't nearly the gargantuan woman she expected. Sure, she was tall, but her body wasn't bulging muscles, it was a network of understated cords of lean and athletic strength. Her hair was pulled back into a messy bun, but very intentionally formed in the casual appearance. Samantha's lips were picturesque and full, her legs long and her skin without imperfection. The only part of her that made Fae even feel like she could stand in the same room with such a beauty was the line of dark brown that told of her dyed hair.
The woman turned away from Fae, opening her towel fully and readjusting it around her waist. With Samantha's arms raised, Fae could see her equally as impressive bust spill from her sides, creating two small arcs under her raised arms, the slightest hint of a tanline. And in that moment, for the unprepared Fae, Samantha sat down only an arm's reach away, head back and sprawling. Her breasts were engorged, nipples resting in the heat of the room. The perfect rose hued nipples sitting on mocha skin, with the slightest dusting of humidity already becoming evident as a telltale shimmer began to glow. Fae could feel a slight tremble in the hand she held a champagne stem in, the smallest taste she afforded herself.
Time crawled in that moment, and Fae felt herself squeeze her rapidly soaking thighs together.
"Can I help you?" The tone was never intended as sexual, but in that moment Fae felt the air drip with luxury, warmth, and invitation. It was then that Fae realized Samantha was staring directly into her eyes.
In that split second, a million thoughts flooded into Fae's mind, but all she could manage was: "I really like your hair coloring, do you get it done locally?"
Samantha eyed her suspiciously for a moment, something turning behind her eyes. "Yeah. Remind me when my time is up and I'll get you their number from my phone."
Fae noticed how quickly her pulse was racing, followed by a rush of embarrassment. Was she still gawking? Was she blushing? Should she just leave? All the while, Samantha stole side glances with an intensive glare.
"Are you the girl from reception?" Samantha's eyes seemed harsh, the blue of them simmering behind hooded eyes.
"Y-yes."
"Huh," Samantha sighed. "Must be nice to enjoy the perks of this place for free."
With that sentence, Fae's body unwound immediately. Fae could feel each individual strand of muscle unlock and settle as her breathing came back around - but the damp she felt between her thighs hadn't slowed in the least. "Yeah, it's a once in awhile thing. The other guys here, we just sort of keep it to ourselves. Corporate never calls, so we just try to enjoy ourselves when we can. I can leave, if you'd like."
Samantha laughed in a low, rumbling way, "not at all. When I was in college, I worked for a movie theater. I would watch more films than I even wanted just because I could. Your secret is safe. I'm Sam."
"My name's Fae. Nice to meet you." She was still a little bit stiff, a little rigid.
"So, you're the new employee Katherine was talking about."
"Katherine told you about me?" Fae was a little shocked.
The low, rumbling laugh came again, "of course not. She's just not nearly as quiet as she thinks she is. I could hear the three of you gossiping while I was in the mud baths. You can tell 'Ash' I'm flattered."
Instantly, Fae blushed a deep crimson as Samantha shot back with a smirk and a wink.
"I am so, so sorry Ms. Sam-"
"Just Sam."
But Fae couldn't stop herself. "I am so sorry, Sam. Please if there's anything I can do to fix this situation, I am more than happy to. I can get you some gift cards for the spa, or maybe a complimentary meal from the resort? Please, plea-"
"Fae, it's okay. I'm used to it at this point in my life. You don't hit your thirties without understanding how the world sees you. Unless you just aren't paying attention. Besides," she said with a nod to her towel, "I have the unfortunate blessing of being an attention grabber. My type isn't too common, still."
Fae could feel the vessels in her face pulsing with embarrassment, almost to the point that it hurt. She looked back to the champagne woman.
"Relax." Samantha's tone changed just slightly. "She's passed out. I saw her in the massage room, she took a whole bottle of bubbly to herself. No one will know the help is enjoying the house."
"Thank you, Sam."
"Absolutely, Ms. Fae." Samantha kept her tone playful and sardonic.
The two talked for a moment about their personal lives, their dating experience in the last few weeks, and about Sam's past struggling through college and her own experiences in the service industry.
The timer on Sam's watch buzzed that it had been the thirty minutes she planned on taking, so she gathered the folds of her towel close to her chest and began to stand up. As she shuffled to rise, Sam's hand grabbed Fae's wrist delicately.
"Leaving without taking what you came for?"
"Excuse me?" Fae looked a bit shocked, but the wetness began to creep across her pussy once again.
"Like I said," Samantha stood up and moved in front of the half-seated Fae, "your friends are painfully loud."
Samantha pulled her towel aside and let it fall to the floor. "You wanted a look, so take it."
Samantha stood haughtily; hand perched on a hip. She was cool and confident, with a look of domineering in her eyes. Sam's left hand cradled the base of her package, fingers playing with the meat delicately. She was exactly as Ashley had predicted, bigger than most toys Fae had ever seen, and certainly larger than anything Fae had ever owned. Her mocha skin was coated in a thin veneer of humidity and sweat, allowing the warm light to highlight and amplify every curve and edge of her beautiful body. A single vein ran visibly down the side of her shaft, throbbing gently as Samantha continued to play with her sack, heavy and freshly trimmed.
Fae couldn't tear her eyes away, didn't want to either. "I can admit, it's impressive."
"Thanks, grew it myself." Samantha kept playing with herself as she stood there. There was a silence in the air, and both stood transfixed.
The smell of the sauna was heady, pungent with cedar and the scent of skin and sweat. The scent wasn't unpleasant, and only caused the mood to grow more intoxicating. With a few rapid beats of her heart, Fae could feel the ache of her cunt growing in intensity, the beads of her excitement beginning to mingle with the moisture in the air and running across the lips of her vulva. Fae unwittingly bit her lip, and a light sparked in Samantha's eyes.
"Fair's fair. I want a look." Samantha moved her hand downwards onto her shaft, stroking downwards slowly until her hand barely wrapped around her now half-erect head.
"But, you know," Fae eyed the champagne woman slumped against the wall.
"Like I said, a whole bottle for herself. If you really don't want to, we can stop now. But I wouldn't mind stroking myself to your body if you have the ambition." She arched an eyebrow and rubbed her free hand along her hip, thrusting her cock out obscenely.
Without thinking, Fae was overcome by her lust, she stood up dropped her towel to the floor. Samantha eyed her hungrily as she picked up speed, the sound of her masturbating now carrying through the room. Fae felt more leaking onto the crest of her thigh, her ache becoming steady and strobing. More than that, Fae realized a hand had drifted near to her clit, and an errant finger began to probe.
"That's the spirt," Samantha grinned with a bite of her lower lip as she picked up her own speed once more. She loped towards Fae, still stroking herself, and tore Fae's probing finger away from the now-engorged cleft. Without asking, without warning, Samantha licked Fae's fingertip, taking extra time to suck the finger clean. "You taste as if you're enjoying yourself."
"Suddenly moving quickly, huh?" Fae responded, a bit breathless, trying to tamp down the excitement and anxiety she was feeling. Samantha was a mountain, which was daunting enough. But, with the woman in the corner, the knowledge that her friends were probably packing up for the end of the day and wondering where she may be - it was all a lot to deal with in the moment. What didn't help was the rush to her head and her thighs, feeling a bit of an ecstatic dizziness combined with the buzz of the alcohol left Fae feeling wild and out of place. In front of her stood a fertility idol, curved and exaggerated in all the best ways; a body that spoke of the feminine ideal and the masculine debauched.
"Hmm, I doubt I could call this moving quickly," Sam teased with hooded eyes. "Like I said, you aren't exactly quiet. I think of it more as taking advantage of the moment. Besides... it's been awhile since I've enjoyed anyone as coy as you."
Sam embraced Fae in her arms, kissing deeply. A tongue gently moved along the curve of Fae's lower lip as the two gripped one another closer. Sam, being the taller, had her large breasts resting on top of Fae's modest bust. Fae's pixie-cut red hair was gripped tightly in Sam's hands as she kissed harder, the sounds becoming clear in the muffled sauna. Fae could feel those heavy, swollen breasts pressing against her chest, pushing against her neck. The long, full shaft pushing awkwardly against her own stomach and up to her sternum. Without hesitation, now that her body was feeling overworked with the heat that radiated from her cunt, Fae took one of Sam's breasts into her mouth and sucked hard. She could hear a gasp of pleasure as she grabbed the pre- come-covered head of Sam's cock and massaged the flesh roughly, letting the slick fluid play between her fingers.
The giggle Sam let out was warm and sweet, she knelt down to the floor and began to finger Fae's pussy, delicately, with one gentle finger. Taking her turn, Sam placed one of Fae's nipples into her mouth, and used her free hand to cup Fae's ass as she pulled the woman in close. Fae felt a tingling move across her chest, excited and pounding. The sensation crept down her body and into her stomach, pushing outwards and down to her moistened pussy. A toe twitched unwittingly, and a few muffled coos escaped as she wrapped her arms around Sam's shoulders and neck, locking her against Fae's body. Sam was masterful in her movements, hooking a finger deep inside her cunt and against every bundle of nerves she had available. The five minutes that passed moved by in an instant, time dilating. The surge of heat from her pussy shot back up into her chest and neck, Fae could feel her pulse surge and flood her veins as she pulled Sam's head off her nipple and back into a reckless kiss.
The flow of frothy, thick come that came from Fae's thighs was unexpected. Sam grinned wolfishly and rubbed some of the come to Fae's nipple, then quickly sucked her breast clean. Dizzy from the rush, Fae sat down on a bench that was next to their play. "Your turn."
Wasting no time, Sam strut to Fae and presented her length to the seated woman. Fae stared down the mass, placing one hand around Sam as she pulled against the full length. Sam ran her fingers through Fae's hair, letting the younger woman take control and set the pace; with her other hand, she tugged on a nipple and massaged the curve of her own body. Fae opened her mouth wide to accept all of Sam, feeling the intense heat of her body's excitement fill her mouth. She sucked hard and ran her tongue along the underside of Sam's head, feeling a bolt of pre-come slip down her throat. Sam let out a groan of approval.
As Fae inched away from the cock in front of her, she couldn't tear her eyes away. Sam continued to play with her nipples and clutch the base of her cock as Fae continued to rub on Sam's soaked head. Gingerly, Fae began to lick up and down the veiny length and take in the full measure of Sam's beauty. As Fae moved back towards the head of the monster, she licked the very tip of Sam's cock until the tip of her tongue found purchase inside of Sam's urethra. Sam groaned hard, too loud. There was another large jet of pre-come as Fae lapped up the liquid and swallowed hard.
Sam lay down on the sauna bench, her sizeable breasts coming to a rest while her proud cock stood defiant. Her body was toned, the dimmer lighting throwing contrast across her shimmering body where the dew of her sweat caught the light. Lazily, she beckoned Fae closer; they intertwined fingers as Fae reached her hand out. Sam guided her onto the bench, her cunt and ass directly above Sam's waiting mouth. Happily, Fae lowered herself and began to subtly ride Sam's thick lips as the futanari deftly tongued Fae's clit. Fae pressed her body against the woman, feeling her breasts pushing against her stomach, her own tits pressed firmly upon the start of Sam's hips. She placed her head next to the girthy shaft and began to massage Sam's scrotum, occasionally grasping hard as she kissed and licked the base of her cock. Fae could feel Sam's desperation growing as she began to buck her hips with each squeeze.
That's when Fae felt Sam's finger, slick with saliva, tracing the curve of her asshole. The sighing 'yes' that Fae let out was understood, and the finger slowly entered her ass. Fae had experienced anal pleasure before, but having a woman who understood a woman's body made the experience a yearning desire. She involuntarily squeezed onto Sam with the excitement of her body being played with, feeling a trickle of come move from her now twitching cunt into Sam's greedy mouth. Sam herself was now slick with pre-come, nearly crimson from engorgement.
Sam signaled for Fae to stand, and the two joined in a passionate kiss. The two looked at one another and smiled, the taste of sweat on their lips and their bodies flush against one another, slick with excitement and the heat of the sauna. The champagne woman was gone, the two never noticing. In that instant, Fae didn't care about what her friends may say - it would never reach management.  
Instead, Fae placed her hands on the bench and positioned her ass into the air, wiggling with a giggle at Sam's aching cock. Without a moment of hesitation, Sam spit onto her length and began to rub the moisture into her skin. With one quick, deliberate plunge, Sam was deep inside of Fae. The joy the two shared before this moment had her plentifully accommodating for Sam, who was able to ride Fae's pussy with abandon. She grasped Fae by the hips, plummeting herself into the younger woman with every stroke, her messy bun shifting in time with her shaking breasts.
Fae could feel Sam reaching to the very depths of her until it began to almost feel excessive, but for all her reckless thrusting, Sam still was a considerate lover. It was intimacy perfected, pushing to the very limits of what Fae could handle and then allowing for a rest. Her eyes were closed, her face near the cedar bench as she could smell the heavy scent of flesh and lust in the air. The slap of testes onto her clit, the grip of the fingers into her skin, the drops of lubrication that spilled onto the floor.
Sam pulled out, rotating Fae onto her back, "could you come with me?" She asked through hooded eyes and a whispered tone.
Fae had no response but a nod as her hand unwittingly began to massage her clit.
Sam took her girth into one hand, positioning it carefully against Fae's labia. Slowly, intentionally, Sam moved inside of Fae. She took one of her own nipples into her mouth and began to pick up the speed of her movements. Fae's legs positioned around the small of her partner's back, keeping the woman deep inside of her cunt.
In one heave, Sam pushed herself onto Fae and placed a nipple into her mouth. Sam and Fae both worked the swollen breasts independently, the thrusting moving to a fever pitch. Fae rubbed her sopping clit as her toes began to curl and her legs tensed into the air. It was then that Sam ran her fingers into Fae's hair once more, kissing her deeply and lovingly. At the same time, Fae felt a finger deep in her ass once more as a tongue moved against her own.
It was at that moment that Fae felt her whole body quiver and shake, to tremble and lose control. She came hard, with an audible drip hitting onto the floor.
Sam joined her in that moment, the kisses becoming a struggle as she moaned and bucked her hips.
The room smelled of come.

Fae was left that evening with a phone number and a memory that she couldn't possibly forget. Her friends may have teased her relentlessly, but she didn't care.
She had found the ultimate pleasure.
Her name was Sam.