/* Disclaimer.
 * This story is entirely fiction. It does not relate to any real
 * person, living or dead. Any similarity to a real person, whether living or dead,
 * is purely coincidental and completely unintended. While actual places are
 * occasionally mentioned in this story, such mention is not to be a basis for
 * conclusion that any part of this story is real, or ever happened.
 * The following story is a work of fiction containing graphic descriptions of
 * sexual acts between adults and minors. All of the sex depicted is consensual;
 * The story written purely for entertainment purposes only. Those who are offended
 * by such material are strongly encouraged not to read this. Those who are
 * searching for  material which they would proscribe for others should search
 * elsewhere. If you are constrained by law or local authority from reading graphic
 * descriptions of fictional sexual acts between adults and minors, you are required
 * to not proceed further.
 *
 * Pursuant to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic
 * Works, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless
 * explicitly indicated otherwise.
 *
 * This story is protected under S.A. and international copyright law and may not
 * be reprinted, reposted, or otherwise reproduced without express written
 * permission. This story may be posted to appropriate USENET newsgroups for non-
 * commercial use only, and only as long as it remains entirely intact and
 * unmodified, including all copyright messages and this disclaimer.
 */
                                                                                                                    
/* Codes.
 * MF Mast, Voy, slow
 */

Chapter 3. 

He went to take the towels out of the dryer from earlier, after unpacking them and 
folding them neatly, he put the towels that belonged to the Steers in the linen 
cupboard and then took the the remain two towels outside to the cottage. 
"Good enough excuse to interrupt her reading" he thought. His dick certainly had no 
argument with that. 

He picked them up. Rehearsed a few lines and started to walk down to the cottage, 
which was built on the left hand side of the property, it was almost another house 
in reality. It had it's own entrance as the Steers lived on a street corner, it was 
separated from the house by a six foot hedge. There was a mesh gate in the hedge 
that allowed access to the cottage. The cottage faced away from the main house so 
in essence he came out on the back yard, he walked around towards the front 
entrance. As he came around the corner he was struck by a site that would forever 
be imprinted on his mind. 

Aimee was on the front porch, sitting in a large garden lounge chair. Her eyes 
tightly shut, her legs spread over either side of the chair, her left hand pushed 
firmly into her white bikini bottoms her right hand kneading her right breast over 
the fabric of her top. Stephen stopped dead in his tracks, his cock springing to 
full attention in a nano second. He was about to offer an apology when he noticed 
that she had not heard him, her eyes were still tightly shut. He stepped back so 
that he was hidden behind the side of the house, he could still see her fingers at 
work. He watched in fascination as her hand moved furiously inside her bottoms and 
was alarmed to see at how hard she was pinching her nipple between thumb and 
forefinger. Faster and faster her hand went. Harder and ever harder the fingers 
pinched, moans escaped her lips. He wasn't sure but he was sure he heard a swear 
word. 

"Fuck me.. oh... yes.. please ugh" Her body stiffened. 

Stephen was old enough to realise that this was the time for him to leave, quickly 
and quietly headed back to the house. His hard on leading the way. He ran to his 
bathroom, dropped his pants, pulled out his aching cock and masturbated furiously. 
His eyes popped as he came in huge spurts into the sink, it seemed like the cum 
would never stop. His knees buckled as he held onto the sink, he gave one last tug, 
pulled up his pants cleaned up his shiny cock head and the bathroom mirror. His 
heart rate was pumping, his mind was blank, the image of Aimee burnt there for 
eternity. 

He walked back to his room and lay down on his bed, he was just starting to recover 
when he realised he had dropped Aimee's towels. 

"Had she seen them? Should I go and get them, what if she was still.. you know." 
All these thought where still going through his mind when he heard a car pull up 
the driveway. Looking out his window he saw his Mom, Sally, Dave, and Frank had 
just pulled up. As they all jumped out, Stephen pushed the towels out of his mind, 
not much he could do about it anyway,  and went out to meet them.

"Did you have fun at the mall?" His Mom asked as she got out of the car.
"Mall? did I go to the mall today?" was his first thought. "Ummmm Ja, Mom thanks, 
how was your day?"
"Fine thanks Steve", Sally replied, June and Sally reminded Stephen of sisters, 
or of how he thought sisters would be. Sally was 3 years younger than June exactly. 
They were born on the same day. She had dark hair with blue green eyes, Stephen was 
almost sure that she had a boob job, cause not only where Sally's tits large but 
they were almost to perfect, he had seen them in a costume before, a full costume 
and they had looked just as firm, but his good childhood friend Stacy had said that 
the new one piece costumes offered as much support as a good bra did these days. 

"Shit I'm a sex addict" Stephen thought to himself.
"Are you OK?" June asked from next to him.
Almost jumping out of his skin. Stephen nodded and hastily ran inside. 

About twenty minutes after the mom's had arrived, Aimee came up to the main house. 
She looked at Stephen and blushed. She had found the towels on the wall just as she 
left the cottage so she was unsure how long they had been there, to make matters 
worse she was still feeling incredibly horny. The sun seemed to have made every 
pour on her body sensitive. She had wanted to dress in something a bit more 
sensible for dinner, but she was so hot that she decided on a halter top that 
showed off her stomach and a pair of shorts that showed off her legs. She was 
definitely a hornier equals more skin kind of girl. 

Stephen had told June about the sunbathing in the afternoon. So she was not 
surprised to see the outfit or the flush look on Aimee's face.

"Hey, you caught some sun" She said to Aimee,  Dave and Frank started hitting each 
other just after Aimee walked in and June had to shoo them off to the TV room 
before they broke something. 

"Boys" Sally shook here head. She had met Aimee the week before so there was no 
need for introductions. 
"Thanks for bringing my towels down" Aimee offered at Stephen "Why didn't you come 
in?"
"Oh fuck!" Screamed Stephens mind "I heard water running and thought you were in 
the shower" Came his reply "I am a fucking genius" He thought to himself.
"Oh right" Aimee automatically replied, except that the bathroom was on the other 
side of the cottage from the gate, so there is no ways Stephen could have heard the
shower, "on top of which" Aimee thought to herself, "I took a bath!". Her mind 
added and with that she made up her mind that Stephen was in for some good low down 
flirting and possibly more down the line. 

"Fine, he has seen me masturbating and obviously enjoyed it. Now it's my turn to 
enjoy him." She was on unsure footing. Not knowing June and Rob that well yet, but 
she was pretty sure that they were open minded, "and" she reasoned with herself, 
"I'll be discreet"

Stephen was watching Aimee closely to see if she had come to a logical conclusion, 
at first he thought he was in the clear, while she distractedly started to get the 
plates ready, but then as he watched her she looked up at him and smiled, the smile 
make he cock jump, she was not stunning, although pretty, and the smile was not a 
knock-out smile, but this smile was different, it was... 

"It's a naughty smile" He thought to himself.

The rest of the night it was much of the same. She touched him by mistake. When 
they sat at the table the entire time her foot would touch his. Her hand his. Her 
breast would be pushed into his arm. He had a painful hard on the entire time. 
Everyone else seemed not to notice. Rob, and Brad, Sally's husband, were in a deep 
conversation about some big merger deal that was going on. June and Sally talked 
about the Steers upcoming trip, June was saying that the Playton's had to come with 
next year as it was the Steers annual retreat and very exclusive. Sally and Brad 
although well off, were not as well off as the Steers, by all accounts though the 
next year could push them up to the next level, Dave and Frank were by this time 
playing PS2 games in the games room and Stephen had a women with a stunning body 
sitting next to him and a raging hard on to contend with. 

"Great" he thought.

As soon as he could, he excused himself faking a yawn and heading upstairs, it was 
barely 8:30. June looked at him with a bit of concern, Stephen, hoping his bulging 
erection was not showing smiled his I'm OK Mom , just tired look at June, June 
looked as if she was about to say something when she glanced down, a faint smile 
spread across her lips.

"OK", she said. Letting him off the hook. She glanced at Aimee, for a second Aimee
 thought she was going to be in trouble, but June smiled at her and asked he if 
Aimee could help her in the kitchen. 

Once in the kitchen June turned and put a hand on Aimees as it was opening the dish 
washer, in order to get her attention.

"Aimee, .. " June started, and then stopped, collecting her thoughts she tried 
again. "Aimee, Stephen is young and like any seventeen year old very horny, I do 
not mind you flirting with him one bit, but I would like to know what your 
intentions are. Before you answer, I want you to know that in the last two weeks 
you have been nothing but delightful, I am not upset about the flirting, I would 
just like to know what is going on in your mind. At all times I have my sons best 
interests at heart, that is all."
Aimee was about to blurt out a reply when June squeezed her hand, "Take a moment 
to think about what I just said, you will find me more open minded then most."
"June, I would hate to lose my job at your home," Aimee started after collecting 
her own thoughts "god knows you have treated me more like a daughter than an 
employee, This evening I was very horny," She looked directly into June's eyes when 
she said it "Stephen is a very attractive young man, I would enjoy spending time 
getting to know him better, at the same time I feel I could offer him erm an
education in the ways of the world, so to speak. If you feel that this behaviour 
is inappropriate I will not continue." She added "or I will with a heavy heart 
tender my resignation now."   

June led the younger girl to the kitchen table. "Here sit, no need to tender your 
resignation or even stop your flirting with Stephen, I was hoping that someone 
would show Stephen the ways of the world. The sexual ways that is. I am afraid 
that without it he could end up hurting someone." June did not eloborate on what 
kind of hurt, explaining how she knew about her sons huge cock was not something 
she wanted to get into.
"Has June just given me the green light?" Aimee thought,
"That's right Aimee, you have permission to erm educate my." June said with a 
huge grin

Aimee sat in shocked silence... 

"Are we OK?" June asked after a time.
"Yes, we are fine" Aimee replied with a smile. "I don't want to hurt Stephen and 
I will urge him to come talk to you about anything he may be confused about. Is 
that OK?"
"Sure, that would be great" replied June. "Stephen is a very lucky boy. I will 
make sure he treats you correctly."

Meanwhile Stephen was in his room furiously masturbating for the second time that 
day. Thoughts of Aimee's hardened nipples covered with the thinest of white fabrics 
on his mind. Seeing her face twist as her fingers twisted her hard nipple. He 
exploded with such force that he thought he would pass out. When the blackness 
started to receded and the room swam back into view, he proceeded to clean himself 
up and get ready for bed, he was rather tired after all, he turned on the TV set, 
flicked through a few channels, found a film channel and started watching Hollywood 
highlights. He drifted off, about a minute into a Harrison Ford interview

Stephen woke with a start, he had been having some kind of dream. His first thought 
was this bed is to comfortable for school.
 "Nope" His brain reported "Too comfy, ah, at home" He realised that he had left 
the TV set on and fumbled around his body to find the remote. Turning off the TV 
his bladder send a pain through his stomach to let him know why he had woken up, he 
stood and moved quietly down the hallway to the toilet. Turning on the dimmer 
switch so that he was not completely blinded but could still see what he was doing, 
he was almost done when he heard a noise, that's strange he thought. The Steers 
house was fairly secure and had not had any problems with break-ins. So he was more 
curious than scared, probably my parents taking a late night swim. Turning off the 
light he moved back to the window so he could see outside. 

He looked out of the bathroom window to see his mother and father sitting in the 
jacuzzi at the deep end of the pool, it was attached to the pool so that it could 
contain either normal pool water or, if you wanted warm water you could close the 
gate and turn the heater on, it did take a couple of hours to heat up though, but 
mostly during the summer it was left open as it was so hot. Rob was looking up at 
bathroom window. Stephen was about to wave when he realised a few things all at 
once. He was now in the dark so they could not see him. His folks were naked and 
probably did not want there seventeen year old son waving and saying hi. He looked 
at his watch. 11:30 and was about to turn and leave when he watched his mother lean 
forward and kiss his father deeply. He watched for a bit and saw their hands moving 
under the water. 

"Nope, I can't watch my parents get it on", he said to himself and turned to leave.
