*****************************************************************

Title:       Nate and the Crossroads, Part 2
Story Codes: mf, mmf, mfff+, mF, inc, supernatural
Author:      Christian Alan
Summary:     A nerdy teenager sells his soul to a demon in order
	     to get girls. As one might expect, not everything 
             goes as planned.  	

*****************************************************************


Two


Nate's stomach growled as he rummaged through the fridge. On the
way to his room he'd realized that he hadn't eaten anything since
the peanut butter and jelly sandwich he'd had for lunch, so he
made a quick detour to the kitchen still wearing nothing but a
towel around his waist.

"One cannot fuck all night on only a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich," he mused, grabbing a soda and some leftover pizza
before heading to his room. As he was going down the hall he
noticed that the light under the bathroom door was on. He was
pretty sure he'd turned it off. Just as he was hurrying past the
door it opened and his sister Stacy emerged wearing pajamas and a
sleepy expression.

"Hey," she said, rubbing her eyes. "Where you been, dork?"

Nate edged slowly past her, doing his best to sink through the
wall and disappear.

"Uh, um, nowhere." He stammered. "Out. Went for a ride.
Goodnight."

Stacy looked at him curiously as he slipped into his room and
slammed the door. He put his shoulder to it and listened, hoping
she hadn't gotten a dose of his Satanic sexiness and would just
go away. No such luck. His heart began to pound as he heard the
soft creak of the floorboards just outside his room. It was quiet
for a long moment, and then he nearly jumped out of his skin when
he saw the doorknob start to turn. There was a push on the door
and he pushed back, resisting with the weight of his body.

"Nate?" His sister's voice came softly from the other side. "Can
I come in?"

Don't do it, he warned himself. It's a trick. She never calls you
Nate unless she wants something. He kept quiet and held his
breath.

There was another, harder push on the door. Nate held it closed,
but he didn't think he could keep it that way for long. He wasn't
the strongest guy in the world and his sister was still taller
than him. She also had breasts to give her better upper-body
leverage.

"I know you're in there." The soft, patient voice continued. "Can
I come in? Please?"

Nate was afraid. This was not his sister, who if she wasn't
insulting him was either yelling, whining, or pouting, often all
three at the same time. There was a long silence broken only by
the thumping of his heart.

"Nate?"

He gave in. "What?"

"Can I come in?"

"Why?"

"I just wanna talk to you," she purred. Her voice was unusually
husky, almost *sexy*.

"You promise?" He asked, feeling his resolve weakening. She
didn't sound dangerous. Plus his shoulder was getting tired.

"I promise. Hand to God."

He moved away from the door and Stacy came in. A second later she
had her arms around his neck and was trying to kiss him. Nate
broke away and backed up.

"Liar!" He yelled, pointing an accusing finger at her.

"Sorry," she shrugged, eyeing his bare chest and wetting her lips
like he was a new flavor of ice cream that she couldn't wait to
try. "Have you been working out? You seem...different."

He took another step back. "Different? How?"

"I dunno, like *hot* different," she said, following him. "Oh,
there is something I wanted to tell you."

"Yeah? What's that?" Nate bumped into his bed and fell back over
it. Now he had nowhere to go except out the window.

"I wanted to say that you shouldn't masturbate so much," Stacy
said, smiling a crooked little smile as she crawled on top of
him. "When you have *me* just down the hall to take care of you."

Nate swallowed hard. Then his sister's warm lips were on his
neck, kissing and sucking wetly as she stripped away his towel
and rubbed her pajama-clad body against him. The threat of
impending incest didn't bother him as much as he'd expected it
to. In fact he was already rock hard as she slowly kissed her way
down over his chest. Nate stared at the ceiling as if paralyzed,
the last of his resistance fading as he felt a warm breath on his
cock. Then his sister, the very same person that had tormented
him most of his life, took the head of his penis in her mouth and
began to nurse on it as she rubbed her hands up and down
soothingly over his stomach.

Closing his eyes, he forced himself to relax and enjoy the very
pleasant sensations of his sister kissing and sucking at his
cock, making out with the helmet-like tip as if she was in love
with it. He was drifting, almost half-asleep on good feelings
when an unexpected flurry of movement prompted him to open his
eyes. He was just in time to see Stacy--now totally naked--move
back in and lay on top of him, the rounded cones of her soft tits
coming to rest firmly on his chest and the smooth, shaven bump of
her pussy mound pressing up against his thigh. She put her face
to his and kissed him on the lips, her mouth open, her minty
tongue immediately finding his and dancing slow circles around
it.

'Dude, you're kissing your *sister*.' This mental reprimand fell
short as Nate discovered he didn't particularly care, especially
as he discovered how good a kisser Stacy was. Her naked body felt
really good against his, and he thought Hell, why not? He gave in
and encircled her with his arms, returning her steamy kisses to
the best of his ability.

Moving herself so gradually that he was barely aware she was
doing it, she slowly edged her legs over until she was straddling
him, his cockhead rubbing excitedly against the soft skin on her
mound. A moment later, still kissing him, she reached down and
guided his dick into her pussy. Nate felt her heat spreading down
around his cock, her juices wetting him as he slipped in inch by
inch. He moaned into his sister's mouth as her warm cunt
swallowed him up, not stopping until he was buried as deep as he
could go.

So far, incest was turning out to be pretty cool. Stacy pulled
her head back and looked down at him, her face glowing with lust.

"So, is this better than playing with yourself?"

"Oh hell yeah," Nate groaned. She began to move and he put his
hands on her ass, playing with the round fleshy cheeks as they
tensed with her movements, her wet pussy alternately engulfing
and releasing his cock. He gazed down between her outspread legs
to see her swollen lips clinging to him, coating him with a
glistening slickness that soothed the ache in his overworked
penis. Stacy's eyes were closed and she was biting her lower lip,
looking like she was enjoying it just as much as he was.

After a few minutes Nate decided he wanted to try being on top
for a change. He pushed his sister over to the side, but instead
of rolling onto her back she got on her hands and knees and
lifted her bare butt up at him. He accepted the invitation and
moved in eagerly behind her, taking a moment to admire his
sister's smooth round asscheeks, her dimpled partially-hidden
butthole and the fleshy split underneath where he could see her
pouty cunt lips hanging slightly apart, waiting for him.

With an involuntary groan he put the head of his dick to her slit
and watched as it spread her open and slowly disappeared into her
juicy snatch. Stacy's asshole seemed to wink at him as he
bottomed out, and, grinning at the overall awesome weirdness of
the last few hours, Nate began to fuck her, loving the view as
well as the sensation. Her ass jiggled slightly with each thrust,
her head rocking to the rhythm of his cock.

Nate fucked harder, his sister's soft groans and gasps urging him
on as he gripped her by the waist and began to pound her slippery
crevice without mercy, taking revenge for all the years of
teasing and torture he'd endured at her hands. His hips slapped
violently against her butt, her body jerking with each forceful
shove of his penis. Stacy took it all, bucking and grunting like
some wild, sexy animal, her face mashed down into his pillow as
she pushed herself back at him as if wanting even more.

Both their bodies were glistening with sweat. Nate could feel her
pussy quiver around him every time he thrust in, her breath
coming in deep, moaning sobs. He was feeling the initial twinges
of his approaching nut when the door to his room suddenly popped
open and their mother appeared with an expression of complete
shock on her face.

"What in the holy *heck*!?"

Nate froze; his cock buried balls-deep in his sister's pussy. He
had an inexplicable urge to say 'this isn't what it looks like,'
but he ended up saying nothing at all as his mom fussed and
fidgeted nervously in the doorway for a moment before coming in.
Looking displeased at the interruption, Stacy gave their mother a
dark glance then dropped her head and started corkscrewing her
hips, making Nate's penis twitch excitedly inside her.

"Oh, just look at what you're doing!" Mom said in exasperation,
wringing her hands. "If your father saw this he'd pitch a fit!"

Seeing that she was starting to fall under the same spell as his
sister, Nate began to fuck Stacy again at a somewhat slower pace,
curious to see how his mom would react. It felt weird to be naked
and doggy-styling a girl on his bed right in front of her,
though, especially since that girl also happened to be his
sister.

Yeah. Weird didn't really *begin* to cover it.

Mom came over and sat on the bed next to them, giving a long
wistful sigh.

"Oh, my babies," she said, putting one hand on Nate's hip and the
other on Stacy's lower back as if to feel them moving together.
"You really shouldn't be doing this."

"But Mom, it feels so good," Stacy whined. Their mother rested
her head against the side of Stacy's butt and sighed.

"I know it does, honey, I know."

Nate felt like he was in some kind of hot, incredibly strange
fever dream as his mom reached up between Stacy's legs and began
to rub his balls. The eager twinge in his cock returned,
prompting him to fuck his sister with long, hard strokes, his
nuts quickly tightening as they prepared for release.

Mom seemed to feel it too. She let go of his balls and shoved at
his hips until he slipped out of Stacy's pussy.

"Don't you dare ejaculate in there, young man!"

Frustrated at being so close, Nate moaned. "But Mom--""

"No buts, mister! Do you want to get your sister pregnant?"

Nate slumped. "I guess not."

"I don't care!" Stacy said, wiggling her ass impatiently. "I want
him inside me!"

"Hush," Mom replied, smacking her daughter lightly on the rump.
"You'll get your turn."

Nate watched in a horny daze as his mother squirmed out of her
jeans and underwear and leaned back on the bed, revealing her
firmly toned legs and fiery red-orange bush, The lips of her
pussy were large and plump, parting to show the glistening pink
valley within as Mom opened her legs and motioned him closer.

"Come here, honey." She cooed. "It's okay."

You came from that, he told himself as he climbed up, the primal
urge to fuck overwhelming any hesitation. His mom held him by the
waist as he got into position and slid his cock into her mature
slit. She was very warm, very wet, and tighter than he expected.
Stacy was lying beside them, watching with a sort of jealous
fascination as he began to fuck their mom with rapid thrusts that
made her large, bra-holstered breasts heave and bounce. His
orgasm swiftly built up again until he came with a low grunt,
nutting deep and vigorously in his mother's snug twat before
falling limp in her arms, panting and ashamed.

"Mmm yes," Mom said, holding him tight and kissing him all over
his face. "Good boy." She began to lift her hips, fucking herself
up at him and moaning. There was an unexpected touch on his back
and Nate felt his sister move up behind him, hugging him around
the chest as she rested her soft body on top of his. He was
sandwiched between his mother and sister, his semi-hard penis
surging back to full stiffness as Stacy leaned in and whispered
in his ear.

"Fuck her," she said emphatically. "Fuck her *good*."

Nate obeyed, answering his mother's upward bumps with thrusts of
his own, her cum-slicked pussy making soft squelching noises
around his dick. Stacy's hips were pressed against his butt,
matching his movements as if helping him to fuck. It wasn't long
before Mom was thrashing and groaning, lifting her greedy cunt up
to meet his cock until she cried out loudly and jerked, her pussy
giving him a few firm, enjoyable squeezes before she fell back
gasping and shivering on the bed.

He'd just made his mother cum. Nate was pretty sure that was
illegal.

Stacy slid off him and laid back, her legs splayed wide as she
began to stroke her own swollen twat. Then to Nate's shock his
mom sat up, pushed him back and began to suck on his creamy,
still-rigid cock, her frizzy red head bobbing as she cleaned it
thoroughly with her mouth until it was shiny and spotless.

Then she guided him over to his sister. She held his penis around
the base and pushed it into Stacy's glistening pink-lipped pussy
as if wanting to make sure it was done right. Stacy whimpered and
closed her eyes as he began to fuck her, with Nate staring at her
firm, bouncy tits and small brown nipples as they wobbled in time
with his pounding. Now fully naked, Mom climbed over him and
enclosed his body once again in moist, warm female flesh. He
could feel the weight of her motherly boobs resting against his
back, soft and heavy.

Feeling like he was in some kind of fuck trance, Nate licked at
his sister's nipples, trying in vain to catch them in his mouth
as she moaned and bucked wildly underneath him, fucking him just
as much as he was fucking her. Her pussy seemed to mold itself to
his cock, gripping and hugging him as if reluctant to let go.

Just when he was thinking that he might have one more nut left in
his depleted balls, he looked up to see his dad standing in the
doorway, eyes wide and mouth hanging open. The look of bewildered
agony on his face made Nate want to crawl under a rock. He halted
in mid-stroke but his mother finished it for him, bumping her
hips forward to push him the rest of the way into his sister.
Then without a word his dad turned and left.

Talk about a boner-killer, Nate thought miserably, feeling his
dick finally give up and start to shrink. Stacy gave a frustrated
groan as his half-limp penis slipped out of her. She started
tugging on it and trying to get him hard again, but all that did
was send a dull, painful throb through his already-abused wang.

Nate stopped her by sliding two fingers into her cunt and fucking
her with those instead. She seemed to find this acceptable,
kissing him almost frantically on the forehead as she flexed her
hips up to hump herself on his probing fingers. In a few minutes
she came with a violent shudder, and Nate extracted himself from
between her and his mother and began to search for some clothes.
He was feeling worn-out, guilty, and more than a little confused.
A lot had happened in a very short time. He needed time to
regroup and think.

Mom grabbed him as he was pulling on a shirt, dropping to her
knees and sucking eagerly at his limp cock. Nate shuddered at the
aching tickle it caused and pushed her away, managing to break
her grip long enough to pull on his pants. Then Stacy caught him
from behind and held him as his mother kissed him on the mouth,
her wet lips caressing his lovingly as she tried to unbutton his
pants again. With a sudden lunge Nate twisted out from between
his two sex-crazed relatives, grabbed his shoes and ducked out
through the window before they could stop him. He banged his head
on the window sill, swore loudly, then dropped down onto the lawn
and ran.

"You get back here this minute, mister!" His mom called after him
as she leaned out the window, her large pale breasts exposed in
the glare of their neighbor's floodlamps. Nate ran until he was a
safe distance down the block then headed for the only place he
might be safe; Steve's house.

There was a flicker of light shining out from his friend's
upstairs window, and Nate tossed pebbles at the glass until
Steve's chubby silhouette appeared, BB gun in hand.

"What the fuck, dude?" He hissed down.

"I need a place to hide." Nate responded. "Anyone else home?"

"Naw, it's just me. What's up? You kill somebody?"

"No. I just need to lay low for a while. Can I come up?"

"I guess."

Nate went up. A few minutes later he was doing his best to
explain what had happened to him without sounding completely
insane. Steve just looked at him from behind his glasses and
shook his head.

"Cool story, bro."

"I'm not making it up! It's all true!" And it was...mostly. Nate
had chosen to leave out a few minor details like the fact that
he'd fucked Steve's sister Allison and then gone on to do the
same with his own sister and mom.

"Sure it is. Wanna play some Soul Caliber?"

It seemed that stronger measures were required. Nate needed help
from someone, even if it meant humiliating himself further.

"Here." He shoved his fingers in front of Steve's nose, the same
ones that he'd fingerbanged Stacy with less than ten minutes
earlier. His friend's eyes went wide.

"Dude, what's that?"

Nate felt his face burning. "Stacy. Her vagina, to be exact."

"You did your own sister? Sick." Steve grinned, looking impressed
despite the brief flicker of jealousy that flashed across his
pimply face. It was common knowledge that he'd had a crush on
Stacy since he was ten years old.

"So do you believe me now?"

Steve shrugged. "Okay, if you *are* some kind of supernatural
pussy magnet, prove it. Let's go back to your house and--"

Nate saw where he was headed and cut him off. "No way. It's not
safe there. You don't know how crazy these girls get, especially
in large numbers."

"Fine." Steve sighed, then looked thoughtful. "Hey, what about
Maria?"

Maria was the geeky Mexican girl who lived next door. She was
fourteen, chubby, wore a retainer and was just as unpopular as
they were. Despite all that Nate sometimes thought she was kinda
cute, and apparently so did Steve.

"All right, sure." He figured that one girl wouldn't be too hard
to manage now that he had backup. And Steve was his bro. The
least he could do was share the wealth.

Maria's bedroom window was directly across from Steve's. Nate
knew this because they'd spent many a night watching it in the
hopes of seeing her undress or stand naked in front of her mirror
or something--the kind of shit that always happened in movies but
never seemed to happen in real life.

They went out into the yard and tossed pebbles at her darkened
window until the curtain moved and a shadowy face appeared. Nate
motioned her to come down, and about thirty seconds later Maria
slipped quietly out her front door and came toward them dressed
in a set of rather snug, rather pink Disney Princess pajamas.

"Hi," she said, completely ignoring Steve and staring at Nate
with intense interest.

"Hi." Nate responded smoothly. "Wanna have sex?"

Maria didn't hesitate. "Okay." She smiled, looking shy but
excited.

Nate could almost hear Steve's jaw hitting the ground as he took
her by the hand and led her inside the house. She came along
willingly and sat down with him on Steve's bed, and, enjoying the
chance to be in control for once, Nate quickly lifted her pj top
and pulled it off over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her
plump, light-brown adolescent tits jiggled slightly as he took
them in his hands and gave each of them a squeeze. Maria gasped,
her head tilting back and lips puckering like she wanted him to
kiss her.

Briefly wishing that it was blonde, stuck-up, delicious Claire
that he had half-naked in front of him, Nate leaned in. Maria met
him halfway, kissing him feverishly as Steve used the opportunity
to sneak over and grab a handful of tit for himself. She didn't
seem to mind the extra hand, even moaning softly into Nate's
mouth as Steve palmed both her boobs and gripped them so tight
that his fingers sank deep into her warm flesh.

Nate felt a touch at the front of his pants and saw that Maria
was trying to unbutton him. To his surprise he felt himself
respond, his cock rising into a firm semi as her trembling hands
worked awkwardly at his zipper. He returned the favor by sliding
his hand down the soft curve of her belly and under the waistband
of her pajama bottoms, navigating behind her panties and through
soft curls of hair to the hot, moist slit, feeling Maria's legs
swing open as he began to play with the delicate little lips of
her pussy. The sensation of his fingers gliding over her slick
wet folds was getting him even harder, and he wondered how many
pussies this made for him tonight. Six? Seven? It was starting to
become a blur. A warm, sweaty blur.

After a little more fumbling Maria got him out and broke their
kiss to duck towards his groin. Nate saw no reason to interfere.
He pulled his hands away and sat back on his elbows, seeing Steve
slide his own hand into the crotch of her pjs to explore for
himself.

There was a sudden, warm wetness around the head of his cock and
Nate groaned as Maria did her best to swallow him all the way to
the root. She stopped about halfway, gagging, then started to
suck enthusiastically on all she could. He guessed that she
hadn't had much practice, if any. She occasionally scraped him
with her teeth but overall it still felt good. He noticed that
Steve was slowly tugging her pajama bottoms down, revealing her
chubby brown thighs and dark wispy-haired pussy as he worked her
bottoms and panties off together. Before long she was naked, and
Steve moved her into a kneeling position with her cheeky Latina
culo sticking high in the air as she continued to suck away on
Nate's dick.

"Fuck yeah," Steve moaned, staring at his first real-life eyeful
of pussy and ass. Amused and increasingly horny, Nate watched as
his friend grabbed Maria's butt, pulled the cheeks apart, and
buried his face right in her crack. She seemed to like whatever
he was doing, moaning around Nate's cock and giving it a long
throaty suck almost to the balls. It appeared she was a quick
learner. Nate sighed in pleasure, his rigid pole tensing in her
mouth as her lips flexed and drew at him, coating his shaft with
her saliva.

Steve kept tonguing her crack for a few minutes then pulled away,
his face red and hands shaking as he dropped his pants and moved
up to guide his stubby erection between Maria's meaty brown
cheeks. His aim seemed rather high, and with a mild shock Nate
realized that he was going for her ass. Maria gave a choked cry
and bit down on his cock as Steve pushed, the look of rapt,
open-mouthed ecstasy on his face making Nate feel rather envious.

He looked on as his friend began porking Maria's tight Mexican
butthole, pumping his hips with slow, shaky jerks while she
whined and gasped, her quivering lips still sealed firmly around
the head of Nate's dick. Steve finished after only about ten
strokes, gripping Maria's chubby hips and wheezing as he nutted
up her no-longer virgin ass.

Nate was considering trying it for himself when he sensed wetness
trickling down the side of his shaft. He looked down to see Maria
crying silently as she mouthed his dick, her lips puckered and
quivering as tears ran slowly down her cheeks to fall on his
cock. It was both fucked up and strangely hot at the same time.

"Okay, that's enough." Nate said, feeling a stab of guilt as he
gently pushed her off of him. She gave a quiet sob as Steve
pulled out, wiped his cock and pulled up his pants with an
embarrassed look in his eyes. Nate kept Maria occupied by kissing
her salty, tear-moistened lips as Steve quickly got her dressed
again.

"Alright," Steve said, looking ashamed and a little scared. "You
disappear for a few and I'll see if I can get her home."

Nate nodded and took off, ducking out through the window and
jogging away down the street. He hid in the bushes and watched as
Steve led the girl out like a sleepwalker, taking her up to her
door and ushering her inside. After a few moments Steve crept out
and Nate returned to meet him on the lawn.

"I told her it was just a bad dream," Steve reported. "Think
she'll believe me?"

"Probably." Nate replied, feeling slimy.

They went back up to Steve's room and sat in awkward silence for
a few minutes.

Finally his friend sighed. "So what are you gonna do now?"

"Huh?" Nate hadn't thought that far ahead.

"Dude, you're basically fucked. You can't go to school, or the
mall, or anywhere without getting mobbed. You said you can't even
go home. Looks to me like that demon chick royally screwed you
over."

"Yeah, she did." Nate admitted sourly, then seized on a glimmer
of hope. "Maybe there's a way to reverse it...I'd need to look at
the book."

Steve looked at him. "And the book is where?"

"Home." Nate's hopes faded. Home, where his mother and sister
were waiting to fuck his brains out, and where his dad was
probably deep in a shock-induced coma.

"Dude, I hate to ask this, but at any time during your deal with
the devil did it occur to you that there might be, I dunno, a
fucking twisted, evil downside to any of it?"

Nate stared at the floor, feeling like a complete idiot. He'd
been too busy drooling over Maxine's huge tits and thinking of
unlimited sex to worry about anything else.

"Well shit, lets do this then." Steve said, jumping to his feet.
"But we gotta gear up first."

* * * * *

Fifteen minutes later they were stealing down the darkened
streets. Nate sweated under his five layers of anti-rape clothes
and karate pads while Steve took point with a hockey stick
wrapped in foam rubber and duct tape. Their objective was Nate's
bedroom, where his backpack should still be sitting next to the
desk where he'd left it.

They reached Nate's house without incident. His room was dark and
quiet, but somehow Nate didn't trust it. Steve went in first,
sliding the window open and crawling in with assassin-like
stealth--at least until he bumped into Nate's nightstand and
almost knocked the lamp over. From his hiding spot just outside,
Nate heard the shifting of bedsheets followed by a soft feminine
groan. There was just enough light for him to make out Steve's
face as his friend reappeared at the window and mouthed the word
'Stacy' and then, grinning, added the word 'naked.'

Nate rolled his eyes and motioned for him to hurry up. With a
glance of longing toward the bed, Steve turned and vanished back
inside. Nate winced at every bump and rattle, expecting to hear
his sister begin screaming bloody murder at any moment. After
what seemed like ages Steve came back to the window and handed
out Nate's backpack with the grin still on his face.

"Dude," he whispered as they moved across the lawn. "Your sister
has a great ass. I totally copped a feel!"

Nate punched him on the shoulder and they ran the gauntlet back,
with Nate diving for cover every time a car passed by. Yeah, he
definitely didn't want to spend the rest of his shortened life
hiding in bushes and jumping out of windows. Even if he *could*
get unlimited pussy.

Back at Steve's he pulled out the book and looked through it
again. What he found wasn't very comforting.

"Ok, says here that a bargain can be altered," he read, "but at
further cost to the bargainer."

Steve looked up from the TV. "Like what? They already got your
soul."

"I dunno," Nate sighed. "Maybe I can get her to just tear up the
contract or something."

"Yeah. Good luck with that, dude."

Nate threw down the book in anger. It wasn't fair. He'd just
wanted what every teenage boy wanted since the dawn of time. It
wasn't even so much about sex. He'd just wanted girls to like
him, to stop treating him like a pimple on the ass of humanity.

He made up his mind to go back to the crossroads at dawn. Maybe
he could still fix everything somehow. Nate asked Steve to come
with him and was flatly refused.

"No thanks, man. I like my soul right where it is."

Nate slept on the floor, his cock and conscience aching, the door
barricaded against possible female intrusion. For a long while he
couldn't fall asleep, but at last his tired body gave in and he
dozed, dreaming of darkness and fire.

He awoke just before dawn. He borrowed Steve's bike and set out
while it was still dark, hoping to avoid being seen and molested.
It worked. Nate made it to the crossroads just as the sun was
rising. Wincing, he added a fresh drop of blood, covered the box
with dirt and closed his eyes. Almost immediately he recognized
the spicy-sweet scent of Maxine, a scent that now reminded him of
sex.

"That was fast," she purred from behind him. "Too much for you to
handle?"

He could almost hear the smirk in her voice. Nate turned and
glared at her, trying to ignore how hot she was.

"You tricked me."

She rolled her eyes. "Duh. Demon. And your request was pretty
vague. I warned you that this was serious business, remember?
Face it, kid, you just got greedy. You could have just asked for
what's her name--Claire--to fall in love with you. But no, you
had to have it all."

"Fine," he said, sulking. "Just take it away. Delete the
contract. Whatever."

She laughed softly. "Oh, Nathaniel. It doesn't work that way. You
can be put back to normal, but it'll cost you."

"How much?" He asked weakly, already knowing he wouldn't like the
answer.

The Palm Pilot suddenly appeared in her hands. She made a few
calculations then looked up at him somberly.

"Ten years."

"Ten years?"

"On this date, when you're twenty-five, you will hear an eerie
howling in the distance. As it gets closer you will hear growls
like tearing sheet metal. No matter where you try to hide, they
will find you. You won't see them, you'll only feel the teeth
ripping into your skin as they drag you under."

Nate sat heavily on the ground, his heart thumping dully in his
chest.

"Or," she continued softly, "you can go back home. Right now your
dad is opening the bottle of Jack Daniels he keeps in the garage.
A little early for a drink perhaps, but after what he saw last
night, well, perhaps we should forgive him. Your mother is locked
in the bathroom, scalding herself in the shower and begging for
forgiveness. Your sister, the naughty girl, is about to wake up
from a very erotic dream to find herself in your bed, naked,
aroused by the smell of you on the sheets. Humiliated, she will
go to her room, take the razor she keeps in her drawer and--"

"Shut up," Nate said miserably.

The demon shrugged. "Several very confused girls are wondering if
they're pregnant this morning. One woman is icing a black eye, a
gift from her enraged husband. I could go on, but I think you get
the picture."

"How do I know you're not lying?" He stared up at Maxine, hating
her.

"You don't," she said, walking up to him. "But you'll find out
soon enough." She was so close now that he could almost see under
her dress, but for once the idea gave him little pleasure. What
he really wanted right then was to give her a black eye of her
own.

Maxine sighed as if reading his mind. "Look, I actually like you,
kid, so I'm gonna give it to you straight. We're going to get
your soul now no matter what. Ten years or twenty, it doesn't
matter all that much. The question is, how long can you live with
yourself? Give this up now and it won't get any worse. You can
still have a fairly normal life, for a while. Or you can have the
alternative. You've already seen what that's like."

Some choice, Nate thought. Ten years of relative calm or twenty
years of sheer insanity. Nate held out his hand for the pen.

"Wait," he said just as she was handing it over. "I want
something else."

Maxine eyed him curiously. "What?"

"You."

She smiled. "Flattering. But I'm not for sale."

"Just for one night," Nate said resolutely. If he was gonna go to
hell in ten years he at least wanted one of his greatest
fantasies to come true. The demon paused as if considering, then
scribbled something in her PDA.

"Okay. Me. For one night." She held the Palm out to him. "Happy
now?"

"Fuck you." Nate took the pen and signed, feeling soulless
already.

Maxine only grinned wolfishly. "See you soon, Nathaniel." And she
was gone. It was only then that he realized they hadn't specified
*when* he'd get his night with her.

"You really are a fucking idiot," he told himself as he gathered
his things and headed home.

None of the women he saw on the way attacked him. Nate was almost
disappointed. He'd had the power to seduce any woman he wanted
and he'd given it up after barely twelve hours. What a puss.

He soon found out that Maxine had been telling the truth, though.
As soon as he got home he saw his dad sitting alone in the living
room, staring at a blank TV screen with a half-empty bottle next
to him. Nate met his sister in the hall, where she stared at him,
turned red and bolted to her room, slamming the door behind her.
His mom gave a little shriek as he passed the kitchen, dropping
her coffee mug and proceeding to clean up the mess while babbling
incoherently to herself.

Great job, dude, he congratulated himself darkly. You've ruined
everyone's lives.

Nate flopped into bed, feeling completely drained. Maybe when he
woke up he'd discover that it had all been a wild, fucked up
dream.

He awoke hours later to the persistent beeping of his instant
messenger. He sat down blearily at his computer, seeing that he
had IMs from three different people. One was Steve wanting to
know "how it went with the demon chick." The second was from
someone called 'princessbubblegum909.'

"OMFG what did you DO to us last nite??? Stay away or ill call
the cops RAPIST." The name on the profile was Leslie Thomas.
Wonderful.

The last message was strange. There was no screenname, just the
ominous text: "Tonight."

Oh God. People were stalking him now. He responded to Steve and
told him how it went. Steve replied with his most heartfelt
condolences.

"Dood, that sux."

Nate signed off and ventured into the kitchen to find his mom
cooking frantically, a nervous smile plastered tightly on her
face.

"Hi Nate," she said with forced cheerfulness. "Dinner's almost
ready. Go get washed up."

"Ok." Nate mumbled, automatically heading to the bathroom. Stacy
opened her door, saw him, and slammed it closed again.

Dinner was a surreal nightmare. Nate was aware of the clock
ticking loudly on the wall as his mother chattered away to
herself, hardly touching anything while Dad ate like a silent,
glassy-eyed robot. Stacy glared at him as she picked at her food
and when she reached for her glass Nate glimpsed two long,
fresh-looking cuts on her upper forearm before she pulled her
sleeve down again. Halfway through the meal his dad got up and
left the table, looking sick. He didn't come back.

Finally it was over. Just as Nate got up to clear the dishes his
mom suddenly grabbed his hand.

"I prayed for you," she said, a fervent gleam appearing in her
eyes. "I prayed for us all."

"Okay, Mom." He answered, not knowing what else to say. She was
starting to scare him a little.

His sister disappeared and left him to do the dishes alone, which
for once he didn't mind. If he'd thought life was shitty before,
now it was beyond fubar. He had no idea how to even begin fixing
it.

Feeling truly hopeless, Nate dragged himself to his room, turned
on the light and nearly pissed himself as he saw a dark figure
sitting on his bed. But it wasn't Satan come to gloat over him,
it was Maxine, still hot and still wearing the slinky black
dress.

"Nice room," she said, looking around casually.

Nate glowered. Maxine leaned forward, pouting.

"Remember our deal? Me? For one night? I thought you liked this
body."

He did, but that was beside the point. "My life is ruined and
you're fucking evil," he said bitterly. "Excuse me if I'm not
overjoyed."

She shrugged, her large breasts heaving mightily underneath her
dress.

"Regardless, I'm still here for the whole night, ready to fulfill
your every whim, no matter how vile or depraved. So what do you
want to do first?"

Despite everything Nate felt himself getting warm. "You'll do
anything I want?"

"Yep." Maxine smiled. "Anything."

"Ok. Put everything back the way it was."

The demon shook her head. "I can't. Even if I had the power, it's
against the rules."

It figured. "So what *can* you do?"

"Oh, lots of things." She reclined back on his bed, stretching
her bare limbs luxuriously. "But I had something more...carnal in
mind." Maxine briefly uncrossed her legs, showing him a flash of
bare pussy lip.

Nate's cock immediately swelled an inch or two. She met his gaze
and he felt himself weakening. She may be an evil hellspawn, but
she was an incredibly sexy evil hellspawn.

"I was thinking you might be interested in these," she said,
tugging down the flimsy straps of her dress until her tits popped
free--pop, pop--one right after the other. Each of them was
smooth, round, and perfect, with light brown nipples that seemed
to harden right before his eyes.

Nate felt himself salivating. He took a step forward as if drawn
by their gravitational pull.

"Or maybe you'd like this," she added, pushing the dress down
over her wide hips to reveal the short, beautifully landscaped
patch of hair on her plump pussy mound.

He walked slowly to the bed, moaning involuntarily at the sight
of her naked body. He knew that body by heart, had tugged himself
raw over it hundreds of times. But seeing it up close and in
person was almost more than he could take.

Nate fell toward her and his hands landed right on the full
globes of her breasts. He moaned again as he squeezed and hefted,
feeling how warm, how soft, how heavy they were, the nipples
poking out as if asking to be sucked. He caught one in his mouth
and nursed on it happily, loving the firmness of her flesh and
the sweet, intoxicating smell of her skin.

Maxine lay there smiling, passive, letting him enjoy her. He slid
a hand down along her waist and over the silky curve of her hip.
Oh yeah, he was gonna enjoy the hell out of her. His cock was
rigid and straining as he considered all the filthy perverted
things he could do to her. Nate let his eyes rove down her body,
drinking in every detail from the button-like recess of her navel
to the succulent, finely sculpted lips of her pussy, her long
smooth legs, and even her delicate little toes.

Part of him wanted to punish her, to get revenge. The other part
insisted that he do what every boy really wanted to do to his
dream girl; make sweet, sweet love to her. He ended up doing
both. He slipped his hand between her legs and cupped her mound,
the moist heat of her cunt almost scalding his trembling fingers
as he began to stroke her slit. And, despite all the action of
the previous night, there was already the distinct danger that he
might go off in his pants at any moment.

Maxine moaned softly below him. He studied her face and wondered
if she was faking. As far as he could tell, she wasn't. Her smile
had faded and she was laying there, eyes closed and mouth
slightly open, her tongue pushing gently against her lower lip as
she lifted her hips to rub her steamy pussy against his hand.

Well, Nate supposed, his pulse racing wildly. I guess there's no
reason demons can't get horny too.

Unable to resist the needy ache in his cock any longer, he
dropped his pants and slid on top of her, her legs snapping open
like they were driven by a steel spring. He wanted nothing more
than to jam his dick into her and start fucking away but somehow
he managed to hold off. First things first.

He moved down and buried his face in her landscaped pubes, the
short, soft hair tickling his nose and chin as he inhaled the
rich sexual scent of her pussy. Just the smell of her was enough
to make his overexcited cock twitch and release a tiny squirt of
cum onto the bedsheet. Drawn irresistibly inward he put his mouth
to her hot, swollen cunt, kissing and sucking at the fleshy lips
like he was starving for it. Maxine gasped and arched on the bed,
propping herself up on her elbows as if wanting to see what he
was doing.

"Ohh fuck yes," she moaned, pumping her hips and grinding her
snatch against his mouth. "Lick it."

Dizzy with lust, Nate did as instructed, enjoying the salty-sweet
taste and slippery texture of her pussy as he slurped at it with
his tongue. Just when he was really getting into it she groaned
and pulled him up over her.

"I want you inside me," she said breathily. Her eyes flashed and
smoldered as she hooked her legs behind his waist and pulled him
closer. "Now."

Shaking, Nate obliged. He didn't have to do much. His cock homed
in on her pussy like a heat-seeking missile, spearing deep inside
and twitching ecstatically in the incredible warmth and wetness
of her demonic cunt. He began to thrust erratically, knowing it
was just a matter of seconds before he blew his load.

Maxine was fucking herself up at him, her brow knitted in an
expression of almost painful concentration. It was a classic
Brooklyn orgasm face and Nate took one look at it and exploded,
shooting what felt like a single continuous stream of cum into
her clutching pussy as she groaned sharply and matched his
hunching jerks with those of her own.

His orgasm finally ended, trickling down to a few weak pulses.
Dazed, Nate slid off to the side, sweating and gasping for air.
Except for an occasional twitch Maxine laid there like a dead
woman, her eyes glazed and body glistening.

"Oh shit," Maxine sighed, resting one hand between her breasts.
"It's been a looong time."

"Yeah? How long?" Nate let his gaze wander over her flushed,
naked skin, feeling something like a stud. He saw that he'd
nutted so much that it'd overflowed her pussy and made a large
wet spot on the bed.

She sighed again. "Almost a hundred years."

Nate was taken back. He'd expected her to say a few months or
something. He tried to imagine going without sex for a century
and couldn't.

"That sucks." He responded lamely.

"Yeah. Screwing in hell isn't much fun. Down there it's just
another kind of punishment, another kind of pain. And no matter
what you do, you can never come."

It was Nate's turn to sigh. "Great. One more thing to look
forward to."

"Sorry." She gave him an apologetic smile and then turned over on
her stomach, her heart-shaped ass poking up in the air
invitingly.

Nate up sat next to her and put his hands on her butt, squeezing
the firm cheeks and pulling them apart to get a look at her
dimpled, pristine asshole and cum-glazed pussy lips. His cock
surged and throbbed as he tried to imagine what sliding it into
her tight little butthole would feel like. Then he remembered
that there was nothing stopping him from finding out. She was
*his*.

Giddy with power, Nate licked his finger and pushed it against
her dusky orifice, hearing Maxine groan as the digit slowly edged
into the strong grip of her ass. It felt even hotter than her
pussy.

Hoping that it wouldn't melt his dick, he slid his finger deeper,
feeling a lusty thrill as Maxine reached back and spread herself
for him, holding her cheeks open as his finger slipped in past
the first knuckle. He couldn't imagine his dick ever fitting in
there, but he was determined to give it a try.

He kept up the pressure, his penis twitching eagerly as his
fingertip eased deeper into her ass, sinking in past the second
knuckle and halfway to the third. Maxine grunted softly as he
began to fuck her with it, her anus gripping him so tightly that
his finger could barely move.

Nate could see that this enterprise was going to require some
kind of lube. He slowly withdrew his finger and rushed off to the
bathroom--still naked-- to ransack the cabinets. He discovered a
bottle of his sister's bath oil and returned triumphantly to his
room, pleased to see that Maxine was still laying face down on
the bed where he'd left her.

Remembering his family's inability to knock, he wedged his desk
chair under the door before going back to business. Maxine
wiggled her ass provocatively at him as he coated both her
asscrack and his cock with a liberal amount of oil, then,
trembling, Nate straddled the back of her thighs and aimed his
dick at her waiting hole. She opened up for him again and he
pushed, feeling her anus contracting around the head of his cock
as he tried to enter. Slowly, exquisitely, his cock slipped into
her butt, the hot, tight pressure spreading over the head and
down his shaft until his hips came to rest firmly against her
ass.

"Unnnnggghhh." Nate groaned incoherently, feeling like he would
die from the sheer, painful ecstasy of it all. Maxine echoed him
with a pained-sounding grunt of her own, and something seemed to
snap in Nate's head as he began pounding her as hard as he could.
Years of pent-up lust for the slutty yet unreachable Brooklyn,
the knowledge that Maxine had stolen his soul and left him with a
wrecked life; he fucked it all out, took it all out on her tight
little asshole, hammering away as she squirmed and whimpered
under him. When he came it felt like his balls were turning
inside out, emptying everything he had deep into her clenched
rectum as he shook and spasmed on top of her.

Feeling completely drained, he found himself kissing her smooth,
sweaty shoulders as the muscles in her ass worked to push out his
shrinking cock. Nate slid out with a wet plop and only then did
he notice that Maxine had one of her hands between her legs,
stroking herself. He'd just made violent love to her asshole and
it looked like she'd actually gotten off on it. That made it even
hotter. Maxine gave a slight wince as she turned on her side to
face him.

"Feel better?" She asked, smirking.

"Yeah." Nate felt more than better. He felt like he could do
anything, even read Arabic.

"Good," she responded, reaching for his cock. "Now we can really
have fun."

* * * * *

Maxine hadn't been kidding. She'd climbed onto his lap and kissed
him on the mouth, the soft, warm touch of her lips coaxing his
cock back to full size in a matter of seconds. Then she sat on
his penis, taking it into her hot slick pussy and riding it while
keeping her mouth locked on his, sucking at his lips and tongue
until he ejaculated up inside her with his arms wrapped tightly
around her waist. Everything became a blur after that; a steamy
haze of smooth, sweaty flesh, sticky orgasms, and endless sex.
Nate lost track of how many times he came, knowing only that each
time he was sure he was totally fucked out, all it took was one
kiss, one breath of Maxine's scent to get him hard and horny
again.

He fucked her almost nonstop until just before dawn, when he
reached one final, almost painful climax inside her while sucking
on her tits and then collapsed on the bed, exhausted. Knowing
their time was almost up, he looked over at Maxine's sweaty,
gorgeous face and put his arm around her.

She smiled and nestled in close, feeling really good in his arms.

"Will I see you again?" He asked, suddenly not wanting her to
leave.

Maxine seemed to hesitate, then answered. "No."

"Oh." Nate tried not to sound as disappointed as he felt. That
night had been mind-blowing. He mentally kicked himself for not
getting her to begin with and saving everyone a lot of trouble.

She looked up at him, once again seeming to read his mind.

"You're a good kid, Nathaniel," she said, tousling his hair. "I
like you. I wish things could have been different."

She kissed him, a slow, soulful kiss that he felt down to his
toes. Then with an audible 'poof,' she was gone. He only had her
lingering scent and his aching cock to prove that she'd ever been
there.

Nate fell asleep almost immediately, and in the moment before he
drifted off he thought he heard Maxine's voice calling his name
faintly, as if from far away.

"Nathaniel! Wake up!" He opened his eyes some time later to see
his mother standing over him. She looked worried.

"I was calling your name for five minutes," she chastised gently
as she placed her hand against his forehead. "And you're so warm!
You must be coming down with the flu. No school for you today,
mister."

Nate protested weakly, then gave up when he realized that he
could barely move. His epic session of demon sex had completely
worn him out. He was also concerned about the blushing,
distracted look on his mom's face as she fussed over him. Just
when he was afraid he might get attacked again, he remembered
that he still had Maxine's scent all over him. It was probably
the musky aroma of her demonic pheromones that was getting his
mom all flustered.

She left him to rest after covering him with so many blankets
that he was practically imprisoned. Nate slept until noon when
his mom reappeared with a bowl of chicken soup. He ate it
gratefully, pleased to see her acting somewhat normal again.

His state of sleepy contentment lasted until mid-afternoon when
his mother knocked at his door and announced that he had a
visitor.

"This is Father Rubens." She said, ushering in a short,
black-haired man with a white collar and piercing eyes.

"Hello young man," the priest said as he walked over to the bed.
"How are you feeling?"

Ambushed, Nate thought, blinking. "Um, better, I guess."

The man peered intently at his face. "Good, good. Any bad dreams
lately? Have you experienced any visions or hallucinations?"

"No," Nate responded, feeling somewhat defensive. "Not that I can
remember."

The man gave him an icy smile and seemed to study him for a
moment. Then he reached down and touched something cold and hard
to Nate's hand. He was only mildly surprised to see that it was a
crucifix.

"Very good." The man said, nodding as he turned and headed for
the door. "Please excuse your mother and I for a moment."

The creepy priest joined his mom out in the hall and shut the
door. Baffled, Nate listened as they began to talk in low voices.
He couldn't make out all of it but he did catch a few key words:
puberty, excessive masturbation, and finally, *demonic*.

Great. His mom thought he was possessed. Which was ironic
considering that he'd spent all of last night inside a demon, not
the other way around.

Father Rubens returned briefly to say farewell then departed,
telling his mother to call if there were any new developments.
Nate wasn't exactly sorry to see him go.

"What was that all about?" He asked when his mom came back.

She cleared her throat nervously. "Oh, nothing hon. We're just a
little concerned about you, that's all."

"I'm okay mom. Really."

She flashed an uncertain smile and then left. When he woke up an
hour later he found a large silver cross hanging on the wall
above his bed.

Dinner that night was marginally less psychotic than the night
before. His mom seemed slightly more calm and his father seemed
slightly more sober, though he still didn't say anything. Stacy
was the same, though Nate caught her shooting threatening glances
at him a few times when she thought he wasn't looking. He made a
mental note to barricade his door at night in case she decided to
murder him in his sleep.

As weird as his home life had become, it was nothing compared to
what awaited him the next day at school. Before he had been
merely unpopular. Now he was actually hated. Apparently word had
spread about him crashing Leslie's sleepover with his penis, and
the rumors had escalated until he was treated like a sexual
predator by just about everyone in the school, even the teachers.

The high point of his day was when Claire came up to him at
lunch, her Bible clasped firmly to her large breasts.

"You're going to burn in Hell," she told him, smiling sweetly.

"Already there," Nate murmured as she walked away. It seemed that
everyone despised him now, even Steve. Nate had approached him in
the hall, needing someone to talk to. But the look on his
friend's face had stopped him cold.

"My sister, dude. My *sister*."

He slammed his locker shut and left before Nate could even try to
explain. Nate watched him go, feeling upset and angry. So it was
okay for Steve to fondle Stacy's ass, but not ok for him to fuck
Allison? All right, so maybe there was a difference, but still.

Outcast and friendless, Nate endured the hostile stares and
comments until school let out and he headed home, walking right
into the fists of three older boys who were waiting for him
around the corner. He didn't have a chance. They threw him down
in the dirt and pummeled him for a good five minutes.

"See you tomorrow, freak," their husky leader promised, grinning
as they finally let up and walked away. Nate didn't even know who
they were.

Bruised, bleeding and hating life, Nate made a quick detour to
see if his bike was still in the bushes where he'd tossed it.
Surprisingly it was, thought the wheel was so tweaked that he had
to carry it home. He was almost to his own street when he noticed
a car following him. A non-descript silver sedan was creeping
along about half a block behind him, the driver little more than
a dark silhouette behind the wheel.

Fearing another beating or worse, he picked up his pace and took
a side street to bypass his house. He wasn't eager for whoever it
was to find out where he lived. The car followed. He cut down a
side yard then through a narrow alley and circled back, relieved
when he emerged on his street to see that the car was nowhere in
sight. His relief vanished when he got to his room and looked out
the window to see the silver car parked right across the street,
waiting.

Feeling like the whole world was out to get him, Nate hid his
bruises, endured another dinner and went to bed, laying in the
dark and weighing his options. Basically he didn't have any. He
had nothing left to bargain with, and he couldn't kill himself or
he'd go straight to hell. In desperation he took out the book and
stared at it, wishing he'd never found the damned thing. He
opened it reluctantly and began to search the pages for
something, anything that might help him.

He didn't put it down again until after three a.m. There was no
apparent way out of his deal, but a plan had begun to form in his
head nonetheless. It was risky and probably wouldn't work, but at
this point he didn't have much to lose.

Nate grudgingly went back to school the next day, ignoring the
open hatred of his classmates as he worked out the details of his
plan. He spent lunch in the library, searching through local
records that hadn't been put on the internet yet. There were a
few promising leads but he didn't find what he needed know. He
left school early in hopes of avoiding another beating, but all
he accomplished was to make it further down the street before he
was caught and punched savagely in the kidneys. It seemed that
his new fan club had nothing better to do all day than lie in
wait for him.

He limped his way to the public library and resumed his search.
Just before closing time he finally stumbled upon what he'd been
looking for, a newspaper clipping dating back to the early part
of the 20th century.

"Local girl struck by automobile, killed." The headline read. It
was dated from 1918 and briefly related the death of Louise
Simmons, a nineteen-year-old woman. The article went on to say
that she'd been involved in some sort of romantic scandal with a
local politician and was reported to be of 'loose moral fiber.'
She had also earned the dubious honor of being the first person
in the state to be run over by a car.

Most importantly, she had died less than a mile from the
crossroads. Nate made a copy and went home, not at all surprised
to see the same silver car as before start following him almost
as soon as he left the library. He ignored it and walked home,
immediately retreating to his room to consult the book. Yep.
There it was in black and white.

"The crossroads demon is a corrupt human spirit bound to its
territory by the chains of its past life, or more often, its
death--haunting, so to speak, the area of its mortal demise and
responding to any summons made nearby."

Nate checked the newspaper clipping again. It all fit. And what's
more, Louise Simmons had been buried in the same cemetery he'd
been borrowing his dirt from.

"Okay Louise, or should I say *Maxine*," Nate muttered to
himself, smirking. "It looks like we have another date after
all."

But first he was going to need some special tools. Not to mention
a bigger shovel.




*****************************************************************

Comments Welcome.

christian562@gmail.com

More at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Christian_Alan/www/

*****************************************************************




