Bev at the Bar Ch. 01
by baremetal©

Bev is one of those women that I always gravitate towards. We both have an exhibitionist streak and when we are together push each other to new limits. She caught my eye the first time I saw her, short brown hair, dark brown eyes, bee sting lips, always pouting. Her shirt was undone one button more than socially acceptable, creamy breasts showing above a low cut bra, jeans that were tight enough to be painted on. I went over and asked her to dance, got a coy smile as she slid off her bar stool. I took her hand and led her out onto the dance floor. We exchanged names and pleasantries, and I boldly let my eyes wander over her jiggling tits, not caring if she caught me. She smiled and gave her breasts a little extra shimmy, asking if I liked what I saw. I grinned back and told her she dressed so people could look, so I was just doing what she wanted. We finished our dance and I bought her a drink while we sat with our backs to the bar, watching many of the patrons give her body the once over. She asked if I minded others looking down her open shirt while she was with me and I told her no, in fact, I enjoyed others looking at the woman I was with.

"The girls wish they had the guts, the other guys wish they were me." 

She smiled and was quiet for a minute, then answered that most guys got really possessive and jealous, and I chuckled as I explained she wasn't mine to be possessive about, and I was not like most guys.

We danced again, this time I had her turned with her back to me. 

"More people can see how sexy you are this way." I whispered, and I could hear her laugh as she ground her ass against me. I caressed her sides, lightly cupping her breasts for a moment, then ran my hands down her flat stomach until the tips of my fingers slid into the tops of her jeans, pulling her closer to me.

"You have some pretty sexy moves yourself." she giggled, placing her hands on top of mine as we moved our hips as one. We continued flirting with each other as we shared another drink, then I saw her eyes flit over another couple. 

"He's pretty cute." Bev commented, and I nodded.

"So go dance with him." 

She rolled her eyes.

"He's got a girl with him." "I bet she would like to dance." I answered then walked over and asked her. She smiled, looked at her guy for a second, and said yes, and I looked back at Bev as I took her excuse to the dance floor. I was flirting with this young lady but noticed Bev now had her guy out on the dance floor, but far away from us. I let my hands wander down onto the top of her butt with no complaints, not really trying to start anything but more to challenge Bev. In no time at all I could see she was working her body against the "cute guy", his hands slipping down to cup her delectable bottom, and when they turned she caught my eye and smiled. We finished our dances and met back at the bar both grinning like school kids and that kind of thing became the basis of our relationship. We had sex, never breathtaking, but the exhibitionist side was never boring.

One morning we got together and Bev was looking delicious in unbuttoned blouse and jeans, and she decided we should go shopping for jeans for me. She had picked a thrift store staffed by young ladies and explained to the sales girl that she wanted a pair of jeans that fit me very well.

"He's got such a cute butt and a nice package." she told her confidentially, "Help me find something that really shows him off." 

The sales girl was a bit nervous with this discussion of my better bits so openly in front of me, but the two of them picked out a few pairs for me to try. The store is pretty well empty as Bev pulls the curtain aside in the change booth for me to enter, her eyes sparkling as she tells me to take off my t shirt also so she can check the top of the jeans. I slip off my sandals and peel off my shirt, then drop my trousers, no underwear to impede the process, then hear Bev say.

"See isn't that the cutest little tush." 

I turn to see she is still holding the curtain open and the two of them are looking at me naked. I can tell she is in one of her moods so just give her a grin, but quickly pull on the first pair before I turn around. The jeans are not very tight and both girls inspect me before shaking their heads no.

"Nothing shows in those baby, try another pair." Bev tells me, holding the curtain back and smiling. 

I try on a couple more pairs, my inhibitions disappearing, letting the girls watch as I tuck my cock and balls in carefully to miss the zipper, but still no pair tight enough for Bev's approval. 

The last pair is really tight, I struggle a little even slipping my legs in, can feel the seam sliding up my butt cheeks, wedge my prick in and let the girls have a look. Bev likes these, has me turn away and I can feel her hand cupping my ass, asking the sales girl if she likes how they fit on my butt. She nervously mumbles they look fine and Bev spins me to check out the front. 

"Mmm, your balls show really nice baby, but where's the beef?" 

Bev's hand slides up to cup my balls, then slides along my shaft. She turns to the sales girl and says coyly. 

"I like it better when he wears it down his pants leg, it shows so much better don't you think?" 

The sales girl is not sure what to say and just nods her head. Bev looks around the store then whispers to her conspirator.

"Nobody"s looking are they?" 

Before the sales girl can answer Bev has my button undone and my zipper down, her hand slipping onto my cock, pumping me once or twice while the sales girl watches, then slips my pole down my pant leg. It takes a second or two before she is happy with my placement then slides her hand out and does me back up. I am a little swollen thanks to her ministrations, and the added thickness is quite apparent down my leg.

"Oh yeah baby, these fit great." She gushes, her fingers tracing along the ridge of my head. Her fingers are still tracing over my balls as she asks the sales girls opinion.

"Doesn't his cock look good enough to make you want to jump his bones?" 

The sales girls eyes are locked on my bulge, her mouth slightly open. Bev just chuckles and tells her I will wear them home.

The next time we get together I am wearing her now favorite jeans, as we are going to a local cabaret for some drinks and dancing. Bev is wearing tight jeans as usual and a wraparound sweater with a sexy half cup bra underneath. We drive to the club and I park in the back, telling her we are a bit early, so we have time to enjoy a quick joint first. Dope makes her even more of a flirt and her fingers squeeze my prick, saying how she wants to keep me swollen and showing all night. I smile back and tell her I am going to make sure she "shows" just as much as me. I kiss her deeply as my hands go to her breasts, freeing them from her little bra, pulling at her nipples making them hard and thick. I suck each little morsel into my mouth, scraping them lightly with my teeth until they are rock hard, her aureole puckered with excitement. I take a moment to survey my handiwork, then adjust her bra so it's not lifting her breasts up and out, but cupping them naturally. I make her lean forward and keep adjusting until I have her nipples visible. Bev looks at my handiwork and adjusts the ties on her sweater a little so more of her bra shows. 

"I'm guessing you want me to lean forward a lot tonight?" she teased, checking out the view in the vanity mirror. 

"Every time you want someone to see your pointy hard nipples." I answered, then reached for the snap on her jeans. She smiled and raised her ass so I could peel them down and off, then slip her tiny thong panties off. I make myself comfortable between her spread legs and start teasing her pussy with my fingers and mouth, pulling at her smooth lips, sucking her clit hard, watching her labia swell with excitement. She is very close to cumming when I stop and hand her back her panties. 

"Don't want you cumming quite yet honey, just want you really randy tonight, ready for anything." 

"You are such a tease." she whispers in a deep sexy voice as she pulls her panties back up. "I'm going to be wet right through my jeans." 

I pull the front panel of her thong deep in between her swollen slick lips, forcing them apart, then pull at them a little to make them stand out even more from her pantie stuffed slit. 

"Your panties will help keep you dry, and make your lips show even more when you tug your jeans up nice and tight." 

We have to get out of the car for her to pull her jeans up as tight as she can, the center seam disappearing between her engorged cunt lips. She smiles at me, excited about how she is showing so much, and does her belt up tight to hold her jeans in place.

"Now we are ready to go in." I say with a chuckle.


Bev at the Bar Ch. 02
Bev and I walk down into the club and find a table near the dance floor. A waiter takes our order and Bev's fingers lightly trace along my cock. 

"You look good." she says, "All hot and hard like that." 

I put my hand on her leg, my little finger pushed tight against her crotch.

"You look hot with your lips showing like that." I respond. 

She moves my hand and crosses her legs, hiding her little treasure, then laughs and uncrosses them again. 

"I guess you don't want me to do that do you?" she teases. 

I slip my hand back between her legs and ask her when I'm putting pressure on her clit. She guides my hand up a little then bites her bottom lip for a second, then sighs.

"Yeah, right there." 

The waiter arrives with our drinks, his eyes drawn to Bev holding my hand tight against her crotch. She smiles at him but doesn't let go until after he leaves. 

"Sorry, but I just couldn't stop." she giggled, "You've got me so horny." 

I move my hand and ask her to spread her legs a little so he can see her lips. She looks down and spreads her thighs enough so she can see. 

"Mmm, it looks like I have a little bum in front." 

When the waiter comes by again to wipe aimlessly at our table is eyes never raise from her crotch until Bev leans forward to ask him a question about the band, her hard little nipples coming into view. Now he doesn't know where to look and mumbles a quick reply as his face turns red. Bev turns to me after he leaves, her eyes dark with lust. 

"Take me dancing." she commands with a catch in her voice. 

We dance to a couple of fast numbers and Bev is moving sensuously to the music, attracting some attention. A slower song comes on and I take her in my arms. 

"You have a table of admirers." I whisper as she wiggles against me. 

"I know." she answers quickly.

Four young men are sitting at a table, turned to watch her dance. I spin her quickly then hold her from behind so they can check her out some more. She must have made eye contact with them as I watch them smile as she grinds her hips against me. 

"I think we should go sit with them." I tease, and I can hear a throaty chuckle as she nods her head in approval. 

When our song ends I take her by the hand and wander by their table, a non-threatening smile on my face. They all murmur a hello to me as their eyes swivel as a group to Bev. She pulls her hand from mine to fan her chest.

"Whew, is it ever hot in here." she tells them with a sexy look in her eyes.

One of the group counters with it sure is, bringing a smile to his buddies faces. Bev bends forward to borrow a napkin from their table, looking each of them in the eye for a second, then blots some perspiration from her neck. 

"This is a good table so close to the dance floor." she tells me in a voice loud enough for them to hear, and finally one of them blurts out an invitation for us to join them. 

I smile and tell them the next rounds on me and hold a chair for Bev to slither into, then go back to our table to get our drinks. Bev waits until I am back then we all introduce ourselves, Bev leaning forward to catch each name.

A new round of drinks arrive and we all make small talk, the guys enjoying Bev's body with furtive glances when she is talking to someone else. Her legs are spread invitingly and during some conversations I move my hand back to pressure her clit for a moment, the guys all watching as my finger slides deep between her thick labia. Her conversations are quite animated and I'm sure everyone was enjoying her hard little nipples. One finally asks her to dance, and for the next while she is constantly on the dance floor with one of us. While she is dancing the others ask about her, and I explain she is not my girlfriend, just somebody that likes to dance as much as I do. 

"Plus she has a hot little body and isn't shy about showing it off." 

There is much agreement to this with comments about her hard nips and camel toe. When I have a chance I watch her dancing and can see she is always molded into her partners body, moving against him.

It's starting to get late, the guys are glancing at watches as I take Bev to the dance floor.

"Having fun?" I ask, and she grins back.

"Yeah, it's making me crazy rubbing against their hot cocks."

"I think they may be getting ready to shut her down for the evening." I inform her to a pouty look on her face. 

"Too bad." she says coyly, "Some of them were really getting me worked up."

I looked over at the table then whispered in her ear.

"Got a favorite?" Bev nodded quickly.

"Dan." she said easily, "His cock feels huge." 

"I bet I can get Dan to stay," I say quietly, "If you do me a little favour?" 

She giggles.

"I like that, whats the favour?" 

"When this dance is over go to the washroom and take off your bra, then just watch until the others are gone and it's just me and Dan." 

She looked at me a little confused. 

"I'm going to tell him that you think he's got a big cock and that you want him to stay, in fact you are taking off your bra in the can."

Before she could answer I told her to pinch her nipples hard when she came back and sent her on her way. I went back to the table and the guys were just leaving. I asked Dan if I could talk to him for a minute and as Bev had not come back with me there was no reason for the others to stay. I sat beside him and explained it was probably a good idea for him to stay, Bev had really enjoyed dancing with him and wanted at least one more dance. 

"All she could talk about was how hot you had made her during the last dance." 

He started to smile as I talked and at that moment Bev made an appearance, her nipples jutting little mountains into her sweater.

"Dan would like one more dance Bev, he stayed just for you." 

She whispered how sweet that was and bent down to give him a kiss, her breasts swaying out of her sweater as she did. She led him to the dance floor and moved against him, and I turned and watched as they writhed together, his hands rubbing her bottom, her lips on his neck until he lowered his lips to hers. They kissed long and deep, I could see she was dragging her hard buds across his chest and rolling her hips on his crotch. 

They returned to the table and Bev's eyes were smoldering as she sat between us. Every time she leaned forward her breasts were visible to both of us. She turned to Dan and kissed him hard, moving her hand to caress his crotch while their tongues danced together. She broke the kiss but didn't let go of his dick as she turned and looked at me with lust filled eyes. 

"Dan's cock is oh so hard baby, but I can't see it like I can see yours." Her other hand dropping to rub along my hard on down the leg of my pants as she smiled at me. 

The waiter came by to clear the table and Bev just looked at him smiling, her breasts showing nicely, her hands each clutching a cock. 

I ran my fingers up and down her slit and said.

"Maybe it's time to take this outside." 

Bev nodded and turned back to Dan, her hand moving up and down the tent in his jeans. 

"Come sit in the car with me for a while." 

He nodded quietly and we got up and left. I opened the back door and the three of us piled into the back seat, lots of room, Bev in the middle. I decided to start things off and pulled her into a deep kiss while I undid the ties on her sweater, giving us better access to her tits. I broke the kiss and leaned her back so we both could see, then lowered my lips to the nipple closest to me. I could see Dan's hand on the other one as he pulled her into a kiss. I moved away from her breast to watch for a moment as Bev's hands went to his belt and quickly undid his pants. They never broke the kiss as he lifted himself up a little so she could pull his pants and underwear clear at the same time, then her hand found his shaft and wrapped around it, a low growl coming from her throat.

I undid my pants and guided her other hand to my cock pulling another moan from her as I slid my hand up her thigh. My cock twitched in her grip as I watched her legs spread in an open invitation to touch her, so I quickly undid her pants and with Dan holding her up was able to slip them and her sodden panties off. As soon as her legs were free they spread as wide as she could, her hand came off my cock and guided my fingers to her slick cunt. I spread her lips wide and teased her clit out from under then moved back. She broke the kiss and looked back at me and my hard cock, then down between Dans legs to her hand moving rhythmically up and down his shaft. 

She took his hand down from her breast and cupped it to her cunt, his fingers quickly entering her. She threw her head back and shook it side to side as she moaned with an orgasm, then turned to face Dan more, giving him more access to her wet pinkness, both of her hands now working his cock. I moved down to lick her ass and she turned even more towards Dan, one of her hands coming off his cock to guide his hand in her cunt as I slipped a spit soaked finger into her ass, keeping pace with her hand pumping Dan's fingers in and out of her hole. She ran both of her hands through her juicy slit to gain some lubrication to join Dans precum as she used both of her hands on him, both of them breathing noisily. He was getting close, I could see his shaft spasming in her little hands as she caressed his balls and squeezed his shaft tighter, then he erupted, cum shooting everywhere, then dripping all over her hand as she milked him dry, her own hips in a frenzy against his invading fingers as she came too.

The two of them rested for a moment, then Dan said he should go. Bev licked some of his cum from her fingers and told him how good he tasted, then turned and nodded at me and my hard on. 

"I still have another cock to satisfy tonight." she whispered as she kissed him goodbye. 

He dressed and stepped from the vehicle but was still looking through the window. Bev turned to kiss me and asked if he was still looking, and I nodded yes. She grinned as she got on her knees, her ass and splayed pussy facing Dan as she moved her mouth to my cock. I think he watched for quite a while, but I can't be sure. 
