The air was cool as it gently blew through the windows of the cabin. The curtains fluttered softly in the light breeze and the sounds of night played a symphony for the lovers as the crickets, cicadas and frogs played their songs of love. The moon was full and seemed to cast a silvery look to everything.
He lay on his back with his eyes half closed enjoying the sensation of her fingertips lightly running up and down his chest. She lay on her side with her leg thrown across his thighs watching his erection grow with each movement of her hand up and down, from his chin to his belly. She loved the feel of his skin beneath her fingers. Every time her hand moved lower down towards his belly he would suck in his breath and his shaft seemed to grow firmer in response. He wanted her to wrap her fingers around him and feel the desire that was building in him, but she was a tease and would not touch there him until she was ready.
She leaned slightly into him and kissed his shoulder and then her lips moved down to his nipple where she lightly flicked her tongue across it. His nipples hardened immediately in response. His hand reached for her but she whispered no, she wanted to explore him with her mouth and fingers; to find the spots on his body that made him squirm and groan with pleasure and need.
Leaning against him, with her breasts pressed into his side she began to kiss and nibble his ear, then moving her lips she kissed that spot just behind the ear and moved her mouth down his jaw. All the while she was kissing she moved her fingers lightly over him. Touching and stroking his chest, his nipples, his belly with feather light touches. With his eyes closed he breathed in quick, shallow gulps of air as goose bumps rose on his skin. A soft laugh issued from her lips as she moved further down his wonderful body. Flicking her tongue against his nipple and feeling him shiver she lightly grasped it between her teeth and then began to suck. Most women never gave thought to a man's nipples. But she knew that they were as sensitive as hers and she wanted to suck and nibble just to see if he would groan with pleasure and of course, right on cue, he did.
Moving lower now she dipped into his bellybutton, the soft hair of his belly tickling her tongue. Then with one fluid movement she took his straining shaft into her mouth. The rough part of her tongue moving against the head of his cock almost brought him into an upright position. Stroking the underside of his balls she sucked down the length of him. He was rigid in her mouth and she moved up and down the length of his shaft with practiced ease. His breathing was rough and shallow, his hands twined in her hair. She could feel him begin to swell and knew if she didn't stop he would explode in her mouth and she wasn't ready for him to finish yet. Backing off she again moved up the length of his body, kissing, sucking, touching. When her mouth found his again she sucked on his tongue much the same way she had sucked on his cock. Then with a quick surprising move she was on her back and he was hovering over her.
Smiling down at her, he said, "My turn", which brought a smile to her lips. Moving down her body he found a hard nipple waiting for him. As his mouth closed around it and he began to suck she arched her back and moaned with pure animal pleasure. One hand moved down to the soft thatch of hair between her legs. As he sucked her nipple he slid a finger into her slit and found that she was wet for him already. Sucking her nipple he ran his finger lightly against her clit and ever so gently slid one finger inside of her from time to time. Every time his finger slid in her muscles would constrict around his finger, making his cock throb. If she was this tight around one finger what would it be like to plunge into her with a rock hard cock?
Her legs spread for him and he slowly, slowly slid the head of his cock into her warm, tight wetness. Her legs wrapped around him, urging him in deeper. But it was his turn to tease. He would push his cock in a little deeper then pull out, then in a little deeper, then out again. She cried out against his neck, "please, please, I want all of you." With her legs tightening around him and her arms pulling him closer to her, his chest flattening her breasts against him and their mouths locked together he plunged deeply into her. They began the dance that was as old as time itself. The air cooled the sweat forming on their bodies, the night sounds filling the cabin room with its sweet music and with their loins locked together, their hips meeting each other in a rhythm that was timed to the beating of their hearts they gave to each other only as lovers do, fully with no holding back.
With his cock thrusting in and out of her she knew what pure pleasure was. The feel of him deep inside of her was incredible. When the tingling began at the soles of her feet she knew that her orgasm was beginning and would engulf her. She instinctively tightened her muscles around him and felt him swell again with the need to spill his own seed into her. With their bodies locked and their hearts pounding almost as one she came. Her sudden intake of breath and the cry she released was all he needed to allow his own orgasm to explode in him and with him and around him. He drove his cock even deeper inside of her, swelling and finally spurting his hot cum into her. He groaned into her neck and his body went almost rigid as he gushed out his orgasm. He collapsed on top of her and their breathing was harsh but sweet in each others ears. Their hearts pounding against each others. With a slight shiver he rolled off of her and she turned, snuggling up against his side. No words were needed, just gentle holding as a soft breeze and the sounds of the night filled the room.