If you’d asked him a couple of years ago, Dean would have sworn up and down that he was never letting anything near his ass again. Geri was behind him on that one as well—the wolf wasn’t exactly conscious for all of the fun and exciting nights Dean got to spend bent over, but it has access to all of his memories, and it went nosing through them almost immediately once they were joined.

And didn’t that kill the buzz of connection almost immediately during his shower—hearing the wolf whine and cringe while getting little starburst reminders of a past better left buried as the mutt shuffled things loose.

Leave it the fuck alone already, he snapped, pounding his fist against the side of the stall—quietly, so that Sam and the cougar (leave it to Sam to summon up a cat, aloof bitch that he was) didn’t hear.

::Can’t,:: Geri whimpered, belly-sliding deeper into Dean’s head. ::Have to know. Have to see why want earth.::

“Motherfucker,” Dean breathed, dropping to his knees as Geri accidentally stuck its nose into a real beaut of a memory. It wasn’t the best position to be in with that particular night rolling around in his head, and he forced himself back up with a more vehement curse.

::Sorry,:: Geri apologized, giving him a mental lick (Christ, that was a weird sensation), but Dean noticed it didn’t stop the little furball from worming in deeper.

He wasn’t going to be able to take this—not right now, not when he was so tired, not and maintain a strong front for Sam, who was waiting for him right outside the bathroom door. So it was basically out of self-defense that he grabbed hold of one of the worst memories (not The Worst, he refused to think about that one anymore; it happened, it was done) and shoved it right under the wolf’s prying nose.

Geri let out a startled yelp and tumbled back, cringing and trembling with its tail between its legs. Dean would have felt like shit for scaring it if he weren’t reeling himself from the resonances—not just from his own mind, he realized after a moment, but from the wolf’s as well. Christ, he could feel the wolf’s fear and confusion and ... and yes, pain. As though he wasn’t the only one in that room. Wasn’t the only one on his hands and knees while some rich, sadistic fuck drew teasing circles on his back with a hook before ...

::No!:: Geri insisted, shoving itself between Dean and the memory. It was still shaking and letting out pitiful whimpers, but it was also licking him again and giving him mental nudges with its nose. Comforting warmth flowed into him, and after a few minutes Dean realized that he was shaking himself, hands curled so tightly into fists his knuckles were white.

Clenching his jaw, he clung to the lifeline the wolf was offering and used it to force his head back into safer waters. It was still a while before he stopped shaking, though, and when he did his whole body ached.

“Fuck,” he muttered, hanging his head.

::Sorry,:: Geri apologized again in a meek, guilty little whisper.

“Just,” Dean rasped, reaching out and turning off the shower. “Slow. Go slow. It’s—all at once it’s too much.”

So they went slow, usually when they could sneak away from Sam for a few moments, and Dean was never sure which of them felt guiltier afterwards: Geri for making him relive everything, or him for allowing something as childish as the wolf to keep on hurting itself with that filth.

But yeah, they were both right there with each other on the nothing going near Dean’s ass rule.

Only then there was Sam, and the way they both felt about Sam, and Dean knew that Sam would be willing to take nothing more than a couple of kisses and call himself lucky, but the kid deserved more. And being around Sam made Dean think, sometimes, that more wouldn’t be such a horrible idea. Sometimes.

And somehow or other he went from idly wondering how it would have felt it if was Sam, to actually sinking down on Sam, and it turns out it is different after all. Which Dean was hoping for, but not really expecting.

It’s awesome, actually, and therefore confusing, and he stays up after Sam dozes off, watching his (mate) brother sleep while Geri rolls around in the new memory to its heart’s content. He doesn’t understand why this is different. Why Sam is different.

When Sam opens his eyes, Dean knows instantly that his brother isn’t anywhere near the controls. He shifts back, not comfortable lying so close to something that alien, and Geri pops up long enough to give him a reassuring nudge.

“It is a question of power,” the cougar says.

“Uh, what is?” Dean asks. He wonders if it’ll be rude to cover himself. He doesn’t even know why he’s bothered by being naked in front of what is, essentially, part of Sam.

“You were wondering why it was different with us.”

“Dude, are you reading my mind?” Dean demands. “Is that some freaky power you guys forgot to mention to us?”

Geri’s already doing its best to assure Dean that isn’t the case when the cougar, with a wry, decidedly not Sam-like smile, answers, “No. But I knew this would be a difficult moment for you. I wanted to help explain.”

“I don’t need your help,” Dean mutters. Also? He’s definitely getting dressed.

The cougar sits Sam’s body up as Dean gets out of bed, completely unself-conscious of its own nakedness as it watches him pull his boxers back on. His ass feels slick and open and weird, in a way he’s gotten used to not having to deal with, but he knows from experience that that won’t last. Next time, though, maybe they should try using a condom.

“They took your power from you,” the cougar says. “We offered it back. You know we would stop. If you asked.”

“I did ask,” Dean growls meaningfully.

Geri stirs within him, pulled from its fascination with the memory of Sam’s cock by the defensive fear currently tightening Dean’s chest—Dean doesn’t want to fucking talk about this, damn it—and a warm, soothing pulse of affectionate confidence washes through him. These days, he doesn’t even consider rejecting the comfort.

“If that is truly what you wish, I will leave you alone now. But I am here, if you wish to speak.” The cougar hesitates—that sad, wistful expression is definitely one that Dean recognizes from years of living with his brother—and then finishes, “I know you are not yet ... comfortable ... with me, and I will continue to respect that, but I want you to know that what Sam feels for you, I feel. I love you no less than he.”

Dean knows that—knows it because Geri loves Sam with all of the boundless enthusiasm it can muster. He feels vaguely guilty that he can’t summon up the same affection for the cougar that he knows his brother feels for the wolf.

As though reading his mind again, the cougar smiles. “Do not trouble yourself, Deanmate. I wait with glad heart. It is a joy to see you happy, even if only with my other half.”

By the time Dean recognizes the teasing leer in his brother’s voice, the cougar is already lying down again and has shut its eyes. He stands in the middle of the room, not sure whether to be flattered or offended, and then realizes that, with Geri making excited little snuffles while it relives the last couple of hours before Sam conked out, he can’t really afford to take the moral highroad here.

Also, he’s cold standing all the way over here, when he could be curled up alongside his very own oversized space heater.

Squaring his jaw, he pushes the boxers back down and makes his way over to the bed, where he pokes Sam in the shoulder blade. The cougar cracks one of Sam’s eyes and peers up at him.

“Move over, Garfield,” Dean demands. “Seriously, what it is about cats that makes them think they can hog the bed?”