[ This story is a work of fiction, as always, unless otherwise stated. No part of this story may be reproduced. Thank you, and enjoy. ]

[ AUTHORS NOTE: This story is a little different from the rest of my work. I hope you like it, and please, if you do leave me a message telling me what you think. ( As always, leave me a reply email address in message) ]


(C) 2008 M Saint


	It was hard for Helen to go to church again, meet new people or just face the general public like she used to. Helen was a 63 year old widow who had lost her husband John to Cancer. Two years had passed and she cried herself to sleep most nights. Depressed all the time, she found solice in alcohol and writing. Most of her scribbling would more than likely make no sense to others if they were to read, but Helen understood completely.
	
	John was a factory worker for a little known company that manufactures old fashioned style furniture, radio casings, and jukeboxes. For the company being small, it was quite a success and John was on the verge of getting a promotion, meaning, he would get a big bonus as well. His body became weak and he collapsed in the middle of his shift. He died a few weeks later at the age of 62. Doctors told Helen it was cancer, although there weren't any signs before.

	For the past few nights, Helen felt like she was not alone wherever she went. It wasn't an uncomfortable feeling, more like a good feeling because she felt that she was safe and protected. As she laid her head back onto her pillow one night, her body became warm and relaxed. Sensations of pleasure and passion ran through her body. It was something she knew well, and not experienced in years. But she knew the feeling. Only John could make her body feel that way. He pleasured her many times and made her body feel like it was resting in Heaven.

	"John?" Helen spoke softly. "John, I know it's you. I missed you, John."

	Before Helen's eyes, John appeared. He looked younger, and healthier, but Helen knew it was him.

	"Helen," John spoke to her,"I have missed you for a long time."

	Helen began to cry, but John hushed away her tears and kissed her lips. "I have a gift for you. Take my hand." As she held his hand, they walked away from the bedroom and into a light, which, as they walked through, had changed to their place many years ago.

	Helen looked in the mirror, and as she did, she noticed that she too also looked younger and healthier.

	"John?" Helen spoke,"I'm young again, John." She began to cry, but John again wiped away her tears.

	"Do not cry, my dear. This is my gift to you. Do you remember the first time we made love? I remember it like it was yesterday. We danced the night away, and told eachother how much we felt about one another.

	"Yes, John. I do. I have always thought about those days and all the other happy days we have spent together. Holding eachother. Caressing eachother."

	Helen's eyes lit up and were now full of happiness.

	"Let's do it all again." John walked slowly towards her and lifted her chin with his hand. He met her eyes with his, and kissed her gently on the lips, then cradled her next to his chest. Music began to play, and they swayed back and forth to the melodies that followed. The whole time they danced, they never took their eyes away from eachother.

	The night sky outside was lit up by a beautiful moon that left a glow on the balcony outside their room. It was breathtaking.

	As they walked out onto the balcony, they held hands and talked of the days that went by without eachother, but John hushed her, and said,"Tonight is our night together. This night is our return to love we have missed for far too long."

	He lifted her up into his arms, and walked her into the room. Candles lit, and the feelings of passion rose high inside Helen. "Make love to me John. I've waited for you so long."

	John laid her body down onto the soft bed. He leaned over and kissed her lips again, and the heat of his breath tickled her neck as he kissed there too. She moaned and ooed as he slid her robe to the side to reveal her younger breast. His tongue began to lick around her nipples and she ran her fingers through his hair. It was so erotic and sensual, and Helen felt her body shake and wiggle as she had an orgasm. John slid his fingers down her front and opened her robe up completely to reveal her whole naked frame. As he licked around her nipples, he slid his fingers inside Helen's vagina pushing softly in and out. As he did so, he parted her vaginal lips, and gently played with her clitoris.

	Helen began to coo and cry in extreme pleasure. She helped John to rub her clit as he licked and sucked genly on her nipples. His fingers pushed deeper and faster into her wet vagina, and she came on his fingers twice. He removed his fingers and licked clean her juices from them. He then leaned between her legs and licked up the remaining juices from her hole, as she quickly came again filling John's mouth with salty sweet cum.

	John removed his clothes and his erect penis stood out waiting to fill Helens hot sexhole. Helen slid her fingers up and down the shaft as she pushed John back onto the bed. She wrapped her warm wet lips around Johns cock and moved up and down sucking and tasting John. He moaned. She masturbated his shaft while she continued to lick the tip and pleasure her husband. Pausing only seconds she jerked his cock and then licked precum away from his head. Then she filled her mouth with his cock and continued.

	John couldn't take anymore and shot a load into her mouth with intense pressure. Helen held as much as she could in swallowing and licking up all remnents of cum that she could. She climbed on top of him and pressed his still throbbing cock into her wet and waiting pussy. She slowly rode up and down as she filled herself with as much as she could of him. They shared passionate kisses and whispered in eachothers ears. Johns hands held Helen's sides as he helped her move as she went. The fire burned inside their hearts. Love filled the room and Helen laid her body down by John. John climbed on top of Helen and pressed his penis into her deep and thrusted harder and faster. Her breasts bouncing and her eyes closed tight in lust and love both. 

	Helen began to cry happy tears as John Continued. Helen pulled John deeper into her and he slammed and thrust as hard as he could leaving her vagina red. Moments later he shook and halted as he came deep inside her hole. After a short pause, they lay side by side on their bed. They talked about love and more as they feel into a deep slumber.

	Helen never woke up. But when her body was found the next day, she lay in her bed with her robe on, underneath her blanket, with the look of heaven on her face. She joined John in heaven. 

	


[ If you would like to write a sequel or prequel to this story, please send me a message either through my listing under author Morbid Saint, or email me directly at saint.morbid@gmail.com. As always, leave a reply email so I can write back to you. And please leave your pen name so I can give credit to you. Thank you deeply. ]