Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty-Two: Sister's Hot Desires
Summary: MFF HFF MFH inc oral facial creampie anal
Keywords: Lasla makes one wicked request from her brother while Queen Athrimi hatches one last scheme.

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

I was taken aback by my sister's outburst. I had felt her desire to be fucked by big dicks, but I didn't realize she wanted to fuck other men. I swallowed, struggling to process just what that meant. None of my other sisters wanted that.

Pyrriah certainly didn't. She liked our dragon-mother's girl-dick, but she really only wanted mine. But Lasla... She had far, far more of our father in her. In some ways, Pyrriah really didn't feel like Las's daughter. She couldn't sense lust. Her sex drive wasn't nearly as strong as Lasla's. Maybe I had gotten all the lust from our father, leaving my twin sister very little. And since Lasla had been all alone in her mother's womb, she had gotten the full lust.

I certainly wanted to experience all the female descendants of Las I could. All those varied types of single-sex females birthed by giving the world a facial. But there were male races out there, too. Like Solja the Troll. 

And Lasla wanted to experience them.

They'll never breed me, Lasla assured me. I can control that much. Just like you can control when you breed a woman, Kurtis.

Yeah, I said, still thinking.

She was a female version of me. She wanted to experience more varieties of pleasures in this world, just like I did. She was a daughter of Las, too. Was it right to indulge myself in all I wanted while denying Lasla that same delight?

No. No, it wasn't.

I smiled at Lasla. She felt more like my twin than Pyrriah did. For a moment, I wondered what made Pyrriah so different. Why she had fire and could fight so well. It passed quickly as Lasla's blue eyes peered into mine. She was waiting for my answer. I had to give it to her.

Okay, I said. I'll let you do it. But only you. I don't want you to lead any of my sex slaves into it. The only cocks they get are mine and my mother's.

Same for Pyrriah? Lasla asked.

I hesitated. I can't very well deny her.

She doesn't want it. Lasla shook her head. She has been sparring with Tharaka and Solja. She has not once wanted that troll's big dick in her. She was all about the fighting. Trust me, you are all she needs. She adores you. You two are supposed to be together. That's why your twins, and I'm just the sister.

You're just as close to me as Pyrriah is, I told her and kissed her.

Lasla whimpered into the kiss, her breasts rubbing against me. She felt so wonderful in my arms. I held her tight. My dick was on fire. I ached to just plow into her and fuck her hard, but I had my sex slaves to greet, too. I could feel them watching me, their lusts boiling over.

I pulled out of Lasla and stood up. Princess Naryu and Pradu were both staring at me. The two rakshasas looked so gorgeous. They had this swarthy, reddish-brown skin and black hair. Their faces were beautiful and fierce. They wanted my cock. 

You've been waiting for my cock so patiently, haven't you? I asked my two rakshasa-slaves. The third one whimpered in the corner, a golden dildo vibrating away in her cunt. I had utterly broken her. But she was pregnant with my child, so I would keep her around.

She deserved it for the treacherous acts she committed.

Mmm, look at you two, I said, concentrating on Naryu and Pradu. I was proud of Pradu's submission. She had sought to dominate me only for me to show her that she was a submissive at heart. Just begging to lick my cock clean of Lasla's pussy juices.

We are, Master! Pradu moaned, her eyes so wide. Just so ready to lick you clean.

We miss your cum, Master, purred Naryu. And we kept your sisters safe.

Mmm, so you earned to lick my cock clean of my sister's juices, I said. Then I'll cum all over your faces. I grinned. But you know which tongues I want to feel licking me.

Yes, Master, they purred together.

Their faces blurred. Orange fur, striped with black, grew while their mouths became tiger muzzles. Whiskers grew. The rest of them stayed the same, but they had those hungry tiger heads. Their feline eyes stared up at me. They both purred with hunger, great, rumbling sounds of passion.

They licked me. 

They dragged their tongues up my cock, so rough and delicious. I groaned, my face contorting from the delight of their feline licking. They slathered over my cock, gathering up my sister's juices. They flicked over the tip, pleasure shooting down my dick to my balls.

Gods, yes, I groaned, planting my hands on their heads. I scratched them. Their triangular ears twitched. That's it. Just lick away.

They dragged their tongues up my cock over and over again. I groaned as they bathed my dick. This was different from a blowjob or having a human lick my cock. Their tongues were so wide and long, they almost engulfed all my shaft. Between them, my dick almost vanished.

I scratched at them as I savored those warm tongues licking over me again and again. My balls witched. The precum leaked out of the tip of my cock. They gathered it up, both of their pussies growing so hot. So eager.

I felt their lust to please me. Especially Pradu. She craved to give me pleasure more than her own satisfaction. She could never cum again just so long as she could make me explode. She was such a dear thing. I savored the way she licked at one side of my cock. Lapped at me. It was incredible to have them both pleasing me.

Princess Naryu put just as much effort into it. Her pussy burned. She wanted to play with herself. She craved to touch her cunt, but she resisted pleasing me. My first rakshasa I had tamed and bred. My toes curled and my heart pounded.

That's it, I groaned, savoring their tongue slathering over me. Just like that. Mmm, yes, yes, you're going to make me cum, you know that, Pradu?

She purred, her whiskers twitching.

That's right, I groaned. And Naryu, you're doing amazing. Gods, yes, I'm going to just fire all my jizz over your faces. It's going to be incredible. You're going to love it.

Both their lusts surged through them. They would love it.

I closed my eyes as I scratched between their ears. Their fur felt so fine and soft on my digits. My smile grew and grew as their hot tongues slid up my cock. My dip drank in the roughness. The pleasure shot down to my balls.

My nuts brimmed with all the cum that I would fire on their faces. I would shower them in cum. Just anoint my two rakshasas sex slaves in my jizz. It would be a magnificent moment. My smile grew and grew. 

Yes, yes, just like that, I groaned. You're doing so amazing. I love it. Las's big dick, that's awesome!

Their tongue dragged over my cock. I shuddered, hurtling towards my orgasm. It wouldn't be long now. Their whiskers quivered in anticipation. My nuts tightened. Their tongues swept over the crown of my cock.

I threw back my head and howled in rapture. My cum erupted. Spurt after spurt of jizz fired from my cock. I shuddered, my face twisting with the delight of unloading my spunk. I sprayed over their furry faces.

As the pleasure slammed into my mind, my cum coated their silky fur. Jizz matted the white ruff around their muzzle and neck. It coated their orange fur and the black stripes. They purred louder as I coated them in my spunk.

Las's big dick! I growled, shuddering through the pleasure. I fired a final blast that drizzled over their muzzles. You two are delicious.

They blurred into their human faces, my cum staining on their swarthy skin and in their black hair. I didn't even have to tell them what to do. They were already doing it. They turned and licked at each other. They gathered up my cum off the other's skin.

It was a wicked sight to see.

I was home with my harem. Tomorrow, I would leave Naith behind. I would be happy if I never came back to this place. And I had an even more dangerous place to visit. But I had to get to the Serpent Oracle. I needed to know how to save my father.

And in the meantime, I had sex slaves and sisters to please. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I can't believe you want to fuck Solja, I whispered as Kurtis headed to play with his rakshasa. I had my dragon-mother on me.

I know, Mistress, Mother said. That's so shocking.

I'm a daughter of Las, Lasla said. Mmm, and I have a pussy full of cum. How would you like to lick your son's jizz out of me, slave? She giggled. You have no choice. I want to sit on your face while Pyrriah rides you.

I have a say, I said. I gave my sister a look.

Mmm, don't you want to ride our mother's cock while I grind on her face? Lasla arched an eyebrow at me. We can kiss and grope each other's breasts. And cum together. How does that sound?

Well... My pussy clenched down on Mother's hermaphrodite-dick. This was still so shocking. I didn't want to fuck any other man. 

Why was I so different from my siblings? I didn't know. I had to find out. I would ask the Serpent Oracle when we got there.

Fine, I said and flexed my hips. I rolled Mother over, moving with her. My pussy clenched down on her hermaphrodite-cock the entire way, savoring her girth shifting around in me. My boobs jiggled and red hair swayed about my face. 

Oh, yes, Mother moaned, my cunt impaled on her cock. Mmm, that's such a delight. Please, Mistress Lasla, sit on my face so I can lick out Master's cum. I want to drink it all down.

Of course, she said and threw her leg over my dragon-mother's head. Lasla lowered herself to Mother's face, planting that sloppy cunt on the dragoness's mouth.

Mother shuddered, her hermaphrodite-dick throbbing in my cunt. I loved the feel of her in my sloppy depths. It was such a treat to have her cock in the harem. A dick besides my brother's that I could enjoy. I only wanted one male's cock in me.

We came from the same womb. We shared that miracle with each other. Lasla could go and be a whore, but I would stick by our brother's side until the end of time. I wouldn't ever let him leave me behind on a mission.

I squeezed my cunt on Mother's cock and slid up her girth.

Yes, she moaned into Lasla's sloppy twat. Matar's big dick!

Mmm, that's it, Mother Azuliana, purred Lasla. Lick that cum out of my cunt. Just feast on it. I want you to get it all out of me.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, slamming my pussy back down mother's girl-dick. I ground my pubic hair into her labia, my clit bursting with sparks.

My red hair bounced around my shoulders and flickered with red light. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. I stirred my snatch around her cock and plunged back down her flesh. I swallowed her, the friction massaging my pussy.

Lasla grinned at me. Her hands shot out and grabbed my boobs. She squeezed them, this wicked gleam in her eyes. I swallowed at the sight of it, my heart racing. She licked her lips and ground her twat on Mother's face.

Ride that dragon-cock, she moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, ride our mother's dick. She's got her tongue so deep in me. She's scooping out our brother's cum!

Enjoy! I moaned, my boobs bouncing as I worked my cunt up and down that dick. Yes, yes, just enjoy. That's so good.

My sister's hands shot out and grabbed my tits. My face twisted in rapture as she kneaded them. She squeezed my boobs. She dug her fingers into them. I quivered on her cock. I squeezed my cunt down on her digits, reveling in the feel of them. I kneaded her breasts, jiggling them over and over again. They felt so wonderful in my hands.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Ooh, that's so good. I love this so much. It's amazing. I am going to cum so hard. I'm going to explode on your dick. Yes, yes, Mother!

Mmm, she purred as I order her hermaphrodite-dick. Your pussy feels so good on me, Mistress Pyrriah.

Yes, yes, ride her! groaned Lasla. That makes her moan into my cunt. She's licking and lapping at me with such hunger. The better you make her feel, the harder she eats me out. Ooh, I love it!

She squeezed my boobs, her fingers digging into my tits. I gasped, her kneading sending delight down to my cunt stuffed with Mother's girl-cock. My pussy gripped that thick shaft, my orgasm building and building.

My hair flickered with more red light. My tresses flashed with my passion as I came closer and closer to cumming. My pussy clenched on Mother's dick. She moaned into Lasla's cunt. My sister's black hair danced around her tan face.

I ducked my head down and suckled on her nipple. I nursed on her while slamming my cunt down Mother's girl-cock. My pussy drank in the friction. I loved every moment of that big dick massaging me. Teasing me. I rose towards my orgasm.

Oh, that's so good! whimpered Lasla. Las's big dick! I love your mouth on my nipple! Oh, Pyrriah! That's perfect!

I suckled on her. Nibbled on her. My lips worked on her as I slammed my cunt down her hermaphrodite-dick. I took her to the hilt and then slid back up her. I loved the way she filled me with her girl-cock.

I was so close to cumming. I nipped my sister's nipple. I nibbled on her, my cunt melting around my dragon-mother's cock. My sister squeezed my boobs. Lasla gasped and moaned, squirming on Mother's face.

Las's big dick, I'm going to cum! gasped Layla. Ooh, that's it, slave. Just keep licking me there. I'm so close.

Yes, Mistress Lasla! Mother purred. I heard sucking.

Lasla squealed. She bucked. I nursed on her bud. Her hand shot from my tits to grab the back of my head. Her fingers slid through my tresses and held me to her boob. She moaned and gasped as she squirmed on our mother's face.

I popped my mouth off her nipple in time to see my sister throw back her head. It was clear she was cumming. And cumming hard. She gasped and moaned, her body bucking, boobs heaving before me. She climaxed with such beauty.

Oh, yes, yes, gasped Lasla. That's so good, Mother! Drink my cream, you naughty whore!

Mother did, moaning the entire time.

I slammed my cunt down her clit-dick. My pussy drank in the friction. My clit slammed into her pubic mound. I groaned, savoring the sparks that burst from my bud. My cunt clamped down on that thick mother-cock.

I climaxed, too.

My boobs bounced as I bucked on my mother's cock. My pussy writhed and convulsed around her wonderful shaft. I shuddered, the pleasure rushing through me. It crashed into my mind. I groaned, drowning in the wonderful delight. 

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, my pussy writhing and convulsing. Such wonderful heat swept through me. My breasts bounced as Mother groaned.

Matar's big dick! she howled into Lasla's cunt.

Hot hermaphrodite-cum pumped into my pussy. My cunt writhed around my mother's big dick. I savored that wonderful dick spurting over and over into me. The heat rushed through my body. I shuddered, my forehead furrowing from the bliss of it. I trembled, my cunt writhing around that thick shaft. It was just such a delight to feel her seed flooding me.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my flesh rippling about her spurting dick. That's so good. That's wonderful, Mother!

Lasla and I both shuddered through our orgasms. I milked my mother's cum. Her thick seed filled my snatch. I loved it. I savored every last heartbeat of my bliss drowning my mind in ecstasy. My boobs heaved, my hair growing bright red.

Then I gasped and it died. I trembled, my hands grabbing my mother's tits and kneading them. I loved the feel of her hermaphrodite-dick throbbing in my snatch. A big smile spread on my lips. This was a hot ride.

I stared at my sister as she sat on my mother's face. The question just blurted out of me. You really want to fuck other males?

Lasla smiled at me. Mmm, I do. I am Las's daughter. It's going to be so glorious. Solja will be first. I will glory in having that troll's big dick in me.

He won't be better than our brother, I muttered.

I know, Lasla said. That's not the point. It's to have new experiences. Our father fucked every female he could, just like our brother. I merely want to do the same plus every male and hermaphrodite. I want to fuck everyone!

I was Las's daughter, so why didn't I want to do that? What made me different?

Before I could voice my question, Kurtis's strong arms wrapped around me. I gasped as he lifted me off our dragon-mother's cock. She popped out of me. I shuddered, cum leaking out of my pussy and matting my bush. He swung me around and set me down.

I turned around and our lips met. He grabbed my ass, his fingers digging into my butt-cheeks. I groaned, kissing him with such passion. His cock pressed hard into my chest. He throbbed there. A heat rushed through me. 

He broke it. Mmm, you need my cock, don't you?

Gods, yes, I moaned. You left without me. I gave him a hard look. I'm supposed to be at your side, Kurtis. I'm your twin sister. I was born to fight at your side. Don't do that.

He stared at me and nodded. Okay. I won't. You'll be at my side as we venture into the deadly world of the nagas.

Good, I said, loving how his fingers massaged my rump. I had the sudden feeling like I wanted him to just turn me around and bugger me. You want to fuck me in the ass, so you're making me lust for it.

He winked a blue eye at me.

Ooh, you're just so incorrigible, I purred. I broke from him, fell on my hands and knees, and wiggled my rump at him. As I did, I had the sudden urge to suck our mother's cock. More of Kurtis's work.

And then, there she was. She moved before me, responding to her son's direction. He just had to make her horny, and she obeyed. She was such a fierce mother. I could tell she could break free at any time. But she enjoyed serving him. She was such a good mother.

Her cock, soaked in my tangy juices, came closer. I loved the way her shaved folds wrapped around the base. Precum beaded at the tip. I smacked my lips as Kurtis thrust his cock into my cunt to lube up his dick for my asshole.

He was so considerate that way.

I opened my mouth wide and suckled my mother's cock past my lips. She had such a wonderful dick. The tangy flavor of my juices soaked my taste buds. I groaned as I nursed on her, my pussy clenching on my brother's cock. 

An incestuous rush ran through me. I had my mother and twin brother both in me. I nursed on her hermaphrodite-dick and clenched my cunt on his cock. He pulled it out of me, leaving me feeling so empty.

But it was just for a moment. Then he was pressing his cock into my asshole. I groaned as he rubbed it up and down. He would bugger me hard. He would bury that dick to the hilt in my bowels. It would be so good. I would squeal on him. Just love every bit of him slamming into me. 

He thrust.

My anal ring widened and widened. I squealed around Mom's cock. He popped in with ease. He groaned as he slid into my bowels. His hands gripped my hips as he penetrated deeper and deeper into my anal sheath. I loved every moment of it.

He bottomed out in me, his bush rubbing into my rump. Gods damn, that's good. That's real good.

I was so happy. I wiggled about his rump, stirring him from side to side. He gripped my hips and thrust away at me. He fucked me with hard strokes. He buried into me again and again. It was incredible to feel him ramming that thick shaft into my bowels.

I squeezed about him, loving his girth. The way he fucked me. My face contorted with delight. I groaned, nursing on Mother's girl-cock. I suckled with such passion on her. My tongue danced around her clit-dick. I suckled with all my might.

Oh, Pyrriah, Mother moaned. Oh, that's so amazing. Ooh, ooh, that's good.

She stared down at me with those blue eyes. I looked back up at her while Kurtis pumped away at my bowels. He thrust over and over into my anal sheath. I loved it. The heat melted down to my cunt. I whimpered, loving every second of him burying into me.

Gods damn, that ass, Pyrriah, he groaned. That is an amazing ass.

Yes, it is, Mother moaned. She winked down at me. Mmm, and your mouth is delicious. You're sucking so hard. You want my cum so much.

I wanted both their cum.

I nursed on my dragon-mother's cock, the tangy flavor of my pussy gone. Her salty precum replaced it. I loved that taste. My tongue danced around her cock. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I pleased her as Kurtis buggered me.

He rammed that cock deep into my bowels. His dick plunged deep into me, swelling me to my orgasm. I groaned, my bowels clenching down on him. I loved gripping him. I held him tight as he buried over and over into me. He pounded me with such delight.

Gods damn, that's good, Kurtis moaned. Mmm, I can feel that orgasm building in you, Pyrriah. You're going to cum on my dick.

I squealed my agreement about our dragon-mother's cock. 

She wants our cum so much, Master, Mother moaned, her large boobs jiggling over my head.

I wiggled my hips, loving every moment of his powerful thrusts. He buried into me with such hard plunges. I squeezed my bowels around him, my pussy drinking in the heat. The hotter my cunt got, the closer I came to my orgasm. I would have such a big one. I couldn't wait for it to burst out of me. 

He pumped away hard and fast. He buried to the hilt in my bowels. I groaned, squeezing my asshole around her clit-dick. I shuddered, savoring that heat. My pussy dripped with Mother's cum. It ran down my legs, tickling me.

Yes, yes, yes! Mother moaned. Oh, Pyrriah. You're going to make me cum. Matar's big dick!

She's almost there, growled Kurtis, my orgasm building faster. His work. He could manipulate my climax. Time it. Just hold out, Mother. Just hold out.

I suckled on her cock hard. I nursed on her as Kurtis's hammered my bowels. His heavy balls smacked into my taint. I groaned around Mother's hermaphrodite-dick. My pussy clenched. The heat hit that breaking point.

Cum! Kurtis barked as he drew back his hips.

My asshole convulsed around his dick as Mother's cock exploded in his mouth.

We came together, both of us moaning. The pleasure rushed through my body. My pussy spasmed, spilling cream and cum down my thighs. Waves of ecstasy crashed into my mind. I squealed as Mother's cum pumped into my mouth.

I gulped it down. I swallowed her passion. I drank down everything that she had. I loved the taste of her. The thick and salty flavor of her mother-jizz. Her spunk flooded down my throat and filled my stomach.

Las's big dick! Kurtis growled and buried into my asshole.

His cum joined Mother's. Spurt after spurt of his spunk flooded my writhing bowels. My anal sheath went wild around his cock, sucking at him. Milking him. My orgasm intensified. I gulped down hermaphrodite-cum as my brother filled my asshole.

Oh, Mistress Pyrriah, whimpered mother, her big boobs heaving over my head. Her blue hair danced around her head. Oh, that's so good. You're nursing out all of my cum. Thank you!

Yes, yes, just every last drop, growled my brother as my bowels milked his spurting dick. Gods damn, that's amazing.

It was. My brother was back safe and sound. I wouldn't let him gallivant off like that. If Lasla could fuck other men, then I could ride into danger with him. I shuddered, my bowels wringing out the last of his cum while I swallowed a final mouthful of my dragon-mother's cum. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ziryihm

Ooh, I just need that big dick in me, Ufexis said. She wiggled out of her skirt the moment we were in her lab. She hopped up on her work bench and smiled at me, her clit-dick thrusting out from the folds of her thick bush. She always had her cock save the three days when she came in heat, then it would vanish and she could be bred. Just slam that dick into me.

I smiled as I advanced, my wings fluttering behind me. I had her safe and sound. Well, as safe as she could be in the grasp of Queen Athirmi. Ufexis wanted to be here. She was mad, like many gnome alchemists. 

Mmm, you came to rescue me, continued Ufexis. How delicious of you.

I worry about you, I said, my big breasts swaying from side to side. You're mortal.

We'll see, said Ufexis. I'll crack that problem, too.

I snorted, shaking my head. So arrogant to think you can live forever.

Uh-huh. She gave me a flat look with her gray eyes. You have to be arrogant if you want to make changes. If you want to push the bounds of knowledge and alchemy. The timid do not flourish. They are scared of making the bold moves. Science is about plunging your hands into the unknown. You might get bit or you might pluck out something valuable.

You have to believe you'll pluck out something valuable even if you're bitten a hundred times, or you'll lose your nerve. I won't become some pharmacist brewing the same formulas over and over again. Safe and predictable. No! I will discover new things because I am a genius.

And why do I put up with you? I asked, almost to her.

Mmm, because you like how tight and much my pussy is, she purred. 

I shook my head in amusement. I sank on the stool to lower my cock to her pussy. Though she was on a work bench. It was a gnome's workbench. So it was pretty low to the ground. She grabbed my cock and pulled me right to her cunt.

I shuddered as she rubbed me into her hairy bush. She worked me up and down. I smiled at that. I grabbed her hermaphrodite-dick and loved the feel of her throbbing in my hand. I stroked up and down her, so ready to fuck her. To pound her hard.

I felt the kiss of her pussy lips against my dick. I grinned and thrust into her. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I loved the feel of her cunt squeezing about me. She felt incredible. I loved it. I slid deeper and deeper into her pussy, her clit-cock throbbing in my hand.

Matar's big dick! she moaned, her cunt squeezing down on me.

Mmm, Biaute's perfect tits, I moaned, savoring being in her pussy. If I was in her cunt, then she was safe. 

That's good. Her eyes opened. I haven't had a proper dick in me in a few years. There are no hermaphrodites here that I can play with. It's so boring. But you're here now.

I rolled my eyes. I'm can't stay forever. I just was checking in on you. My mothers have tasks for me.

Mmm, screw Biaute and Henta. The gnome grinned. No, wait, you have screwed your mothers, haven't you.

Of course, I groaned. I have held Biaute's perfect tits in my hands and felt her tight and juicy cunt about my dick. Henta has bent me over and plowed me hard from behind.

Ufexis purred in delight, her clit-dick throbbing in my hand. I drew back my hips, my large breasts swaying. My wings flapped, the air rushing around us. It felt so wonderful to have her pussy squeezing me. It was such a rush.

A big grin spread over my lips. I groaned, pumping away, loving every moment of burying into her snatch. I fucked her hard and fast. I plunged to the hilt in her pussy, my boobs bouncing and heaving. Ufexis moaned and leaned back on her elbows.

I go love to watch those tits of yours bounce, she moaned, her cunt clamping down hard on my dick. Mmm, they are so gorgeous. And your wings, Ziryihm!

Oh, it's just my wings and boobs you like? I groaned as I pumped away at her snatch.

And your dick! She winked at me, her small body trembling. Matar's big cock, you got a lovely one!

I winked at her and thrust away hard her snatch. Her pussy clenched about me. She held me in such a wondrous fashion. She gripped me. Massaged me. Made me groan in delight. I shuddered as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with such wondrous passion. It was a pure passion to bury into her.

I threw back my head, my boobs bouncing and wings flapping as I fucked her. I stroked my hand up and down her hermaphrodite-cock. Her dick throbbed in my hand. The gnome gasped, her eyes rolling back in her head. 

Her hands shot up and grabbed my boobs. She just reached me. I loved the feel of her squeezing about me. She dug her fingers into my tit in such an inviting way. I loved it. I savored her gripping me as I buried into her over and over again. I plunged to the hilt in her and groaned. Her pussy felt amazing. It was fantastic. I loved every second of plowing into her.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, plowing into her snatch. The feel of her squeezing about me was fantastic to experience. 

Ooh, ram that big dick in me! she squealed. I'm going to cum so hard. Yes, yes, just ram into me!

I winked at her, savoring that pussy massaging my dick. My wings flapped hard as I thrust forward, almost propelling me to bury into her snatch. Her twat gripped me. A violent spasm shot through her dick as her orgasm built.

Precum spilled from the tip, lubing my hand pumping away at her. I matched the rhythm with my hips, plowing my dick into her cunt with just as much force. I reveled in this delight. I savored her cunt squeezing about me, my ovaries drinking in the delight.

My cum brimmed in them.

Oh, that's it! Ufexis gasped. I'm going to just explode on your big and beautiful cock. Ooh, yes, yes, just keep thrusting away.

Biaute's perfect tits, I will! I groaned, burying to the hilt in her stanch. Yes!

Her pussy clamped down on me. Then her snatch rippled. Cum shot up from her cock and splashed the bottoms of my big boobs her hands kneaded. More jizz fell on her small tits. She gasped and moaned, her twat rippling and writhing around me. She suckled at me.

My pussy clenched, the heat surging down my girl-dick. I plowed to the hilt in her, fisting her erupting cock. The pressure burst at the tip of my hermaphrodite-rod. I gasped and fired. My cum flooded her twat.

That's it! moaned the Gnome. Give me all that wondrous seed! Matar's big dick!

Her cunt rippled and writhed around me. She suckled with hunger, nursing me. The pleasure shot through me. My face twisted with delight. I groaned, loving every second of basting her snatch with all that spunk.

It spurted out of me. Blast after blast of cum that fired out of my cock. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. Stars burst across my vision. I threw back my head, my wings flapping hard as her pussy milked out my hermaphrodite-cum.

Oh, Henta's tight ass! I gasped, spurting over and over into my lover's pussy.

Mmm, that's so good! Ufexis moaned. Bathe my twat with your jizz.

My, my, isn't that a delicious sight, a new voice cooed.

I gasped to see Queen Athirmi standing in the doorway of the lab. She wore a gold-trimmed robe of purple, her nipples pressing at the material. Her tigress head fixed us with green eyes that almost glowed in the dim light.

Your Majesty! Ufexis moaned. Just one moment. I... I... Yes!

A final blast of cum fired out of my lover's cock. I shuddered, my own girl-dick spurting a last jet of jizz. I panted, cum running down my tits to my stomach. I pulled out of Ufexis, turned with grace, and knelt before her.

The queen waved her hand dismissively. I swallowed, tense. I did not like this rakshasa at all. They were all backstabbers and schemers. When the queen looked at me, I felt her calculating just what use I was to her. How she could wring out everything she could from me and then discard me like trash.

That was how they operated.

It was disgusting, but I had no choice but to kneel here.

Ufexis, Queen Athirmi said as the gnome just stayed on the desk like nothing was at all out of the ordinary. What is your opinion on Kurtis and his family?

They're so different, Ufexis said. I could hear the eagerness in her words. 

My stomach tightened. Would she blurt out Azuliana's secret to this horrible woman?

I swallowed, wondering what I would do then. I would have to kill Queen Athirmi. I would not let Azuliana's secret get out. It was bad enough her son was risking all the hard work I had done to protect the last dragon. 

Killing Queen Athirmi would be a disaster. I would have to drag Ufexis out of here. She might die. I might die. I was immortal but not unkillable. I wasn't my mothers.

I would love to keep studying them, said Ufexis. They will be invaluable to my work. It's one of the reasons I came back with Kurtis.

Ziryihm's heart beat faster and faster. Her breathing grew difficult. Her mind whirled through the possibilities of killing the rakshasa queen. A tremble fluttered through her wings as she slowly rose. 

It's such a pity that Kurtis is leaving, said Queen Athirmi. He and his family are departing on the morrow. Sailing away.

What? gasped Ufexis. She shook her head. No, no, I didn't know that at all. I need to study them. Kurtis has a twin sister I want to examine. And he and his mother are so fascinating. A hermaphrodite who gave birth to a human male.

Don't you say it, I thought. Don't you blurt out what sort of hermaphrodite she is, Ufexis!

Ugh, I would give anything to examine them. Ufexis shot her head up. Can you order them to stay, Your Majesty?

Queen Athirmi's whiskers twitched. I have already asked too much of them, she said. If I ask them to stay, I would be pressing their patients to the breaking point. I do not think it will be well received.

So capture them! Ufexis shouted. They're important.

I shot my lover a look. That greed in her eyes scared me. You can't ask her to do that!

I would if I could. The queen let out a sigh. I want to add them to my collection so badly. Kurtis is a wondrous specimen, and his sister... Something like glee shown in her eyes. Well, I've had my fun with Lasla. It may bear poisoned fruit for Kurtis or not, but keeping him. I fear that I do not have the power to do that, and making an enemy of him... 

You fear him? I asked. Or did she fear the mother? Did she know what Azuliana was?

I arranged for him to be broken by my best slave tamer. Pradu. The queen's feline lips twisted in a smile. She would have made him into the perfect slave for me. It was a test, you see, but one I wanted him to fail. I gave him just the tiniest sliver of hope. I dangled out before him the promise of my diplomatic writ, and he bit.

Only instead of breaking and becoming mine, he broke Pradu. She's one of his mewling whores. Before my very eyes and the eyes of my family, he snapped her will. Queen Athirmi's whiskers. Luckily for me, both outcomes benefited me. Breaking him would have shown my power, but having him win and become my agent showed my cunning. I know his mettle know. I cannot hold him by force. If I were and failed...

You would not survive, I said. One of your daughters or nieces or sisters would rip out your heart and sit on your throne.

And ruin all my plans. She flicked her gaze to Ufexis. The next one won't care for your work. You will be lucky to escape here alive.

But there has to be some way to get him to stay, Ufexis protested, not even caring that her life was in danger. She just wanted to continue her research. There must be something you can do, your majesty. Some way to let me get samples from them.

The queen paused. I suppose that I could request that they have an examination from you. To ensure that my diplomat is in the best of health. It would not do to have Kurtis or his women fall ill.

I can convince them, Ufexis said. Just let me talk to them.

That won't work, said Ziryihm. Kurtis is a driven man. If he wants to leave, he'll leave. I had to keep this from spiraling into violence.

What do you suggest? asked Queen Athirmi. She flicked her gaze to me.

A going away feast. I smiled at her. He's your diplomat. Don't you want to send him off in style? Make sure that everyone knows he has your support. A way to wish him well and to display your wealth.

A fete, the queen purred. Yes, yes. That would get them to delay a day. A party. Lots of women. Delights of my menagerie that Kurtis has never seen. He could leave on the following day. He can sail for Shizhuth and settle the trade disputes.

He's a demigod of Las, said Ufexis. I bet he breeds every woman he sleeps with.

Queen Athirmi blinked and pressed a hand to her belly. Well, well, I must be carrying one strong daughter.

And we can see how he breeds your various slave races, Ufexis said. This is amazing. In nine months, we'll have his offspring to examine and study. To see how they develop. One step removed from a god... They should manifest strange abilities. We can understand his seed. I need to whip up a concoction to put myself in heat.

I glanced at her. You're going to let Kurtis breed you?

She blanched. Not Kurtis. His mother! I want to have her child.

I relaxed. To bear a dragon, Azuliana would have to be bred by a hermaphrodite. All Ufexis would have was a gnome. Probably. It could happen. That was how Azuliana was born. Her dragon-mother fucked a nixie and that small chance happened. Perhaps the only time it happened.

What a wonderful plan, said Queen Athirmi. Let's do it. I'll send him word right now. I have to phrase it as a request. He has to feel free to leave or this will not work.

Let's hope it will! Ufexis gasped and darted around her lab gathering ingredients. 

The queen licked her chops. 

You want Ufexis to be bred, I gasped. 

The queen nodded. It will let her put down roots. Keep her here. I don't want her wandering off again. Those cuckoos abducted her too easily. It's better if she has a reason to continue her work.

I had to stick around to make sure this didn't get out of hand. I had to protect Azuliana's secret and Ufexis. My lover was in over her head.

Oh, one more thing, the queen said as she was heading out the door. Solja and Tharaka will be traveling with Kurtis. They're his new bodyguards. To my surprise, they hired themselves out. You might wish to brew them a good supply of their birth control. We don't want Solja accidentally breeding his sister. We don't know if she'll survive without you around to care for her.

The queen slipped out the door.

You know she is manipulating you, I growled. 

Uh-huh, Ufexis said. And? She gets what she wants. I get what I want.

She wants Kurtis to breed a son like him. One she can raise. Mold. Use to her advantage. A grandson of Las she can unleash on the world.

Ufexis shrugged. And I'll get to research the bloodlines. Understand it. Figure it out. Immortality lies in the blood of demigods. Some get it, some don't, but it's there. This is perfect for my work. With the samples of Azuliana and her two children, I might find out other secrets.

Such as? I asked.

Why, a way to bring back the dragons. Ufexis smiled. See, we all get something.

And you don't care that these children you're scheming to bring into the world will be born into slavery? That you might be creating dragons that will be Naith's personal property.

We're all slaves to something, Ufexis said. Now, I have much work to do. Off, off.

Frustration burst through me. I wanted to drag Ufexis out of here, but the gnome was fixated on her work. I stepped out into the corridor and anger burned through me. This was all Las's fault. Why would he breed the last dragon in the world?

Now he endangered her. I could feel it. This was all that bastard's fault. 

I wouldn't let anyone, not the Queen of Naith, not Ufexis, and not the God of Las endanger the last dragon. I marched off to find a place to mediate and think about what to do next. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Lord Kurtis, said Korvan, the one-eyed captain of my guard. There's a messenger from the queen.

Really? I groaned, pulling out of Pyrriah and standing up. Now what?

There's going to be a feast tomorrow evening, the guard said. It's in your honor. She is going to bring out some of her more exotic slave girls as entertainment. She wants to celebrate your success and to send you off to Shizhuth with her full blessing.

Slave girls? I asked, my dick throbbing.

She does have some exotic ones, purred Lasla. Ones that you might never get a chance to find without scouring the world.

We're not leaving tomorrow, Pyrriah asked.

What's one more day, I said. It's a feast. It would be rude to pass up on those slave girls. Tell her we'll be there. Then send word to the Treasure Box. We'll head to her after the party, sleep on board, and then leave with the morning tide.

Of course, the one-eyed guard said. 

And if she tries to keep us here? asked Pyrriah.

Well, I said, looking at my women. Then we'll teach her that it's a mistake. I've broken several rakshasas. I'll break their queen if I have to.

To be continued...