Chapter 2

I could hear Sam banging around in the kitchen as I finished toweling
dry.  Thoughts of last nights encounter rattled around in my brain
making me get hard once more.  I dampened the erotic images of the
young nubile sex goddess I had shared the night with and thought about
other things.  I had some proposals to get finished up today as well
as some work around the house.  Sam had complained that the door to
her room was squeaking a lot, so I thought I would take a look at that
today.

"Dunnnnnk!  You awake yet?"  Sam was obviously cooking something
healthy and vile, so I figured I would get it over with and get on
with my day.  I went downstairs to see what weirdness she had come up
with and was met by the smell of bacon and eggs.  Closing my eyes and
just sighing with contentment, I murmured, "I must be in a dream.  I
hear Sam, and I smell bacon and eggs.  Something is wrong here"  I
smiled and opened one eye a bit to see her dishing out the eggs onto a
plate and mock threaten me with the pan.

"Sit down and eat your grease old man, you probably need it" she
quipped putting the pan in the sink as I went to the fridge and
grabbed the OJ.  I took two short glasses from the cabinet next to the
fridge and sat at the table.  Sam ran some water in the pan and
scooped up the two plates and put them on the table.  She sat down and
stared down at her plate, waiting for me to say something.

I could tell she was nervous and I wasn't sure how to broach the
subject of last night so I decided to just break it open.  "Candy came
to see me yesterday" was all I said as I reached for the salt and put
a little on my eggs.  I tasted it and took a bite of my bacon before
looking at her for some reaction.  She was still staring down at her
plate, but I noticed right away that she was flushed and that her
nipples were rock hard and sticking straight out.

"Sam...." I prompted.  She let out a breath I doubt she knew she was
holding and slowly looked at me.

"Dunk....do you....do you hate me?" she whispered.  

I dropped my fork and grabbed her hand, squeezing it saying, "No
no....not at all Sam, I love you, you know that.  I was a little
surprised that's all.  Flattered too."  The last part being said under
my breath mostly to myself, but she giggled so I guess she heard me.

It was like opening up a dam she started talking so fast about how all
of her friends had always had a crush on me, and how they had joked
around as girls that the perfect man was this and that and would do
this and that, until Candy blurted out that they kept talking about
was me, and blah blah blah.

I realized not for the first time how lucky I was to have a daughter
like Sam.  Not that she was my blood daughter, but she sure felt like
one and I loved her like one.

"Sammy...Are you sure this is what they all want?  Don't get me
wrong," I said as she started to protest.  "I am flattered beyond
belief, but don't they want to wait?"

It was my turn to get a little nervous, so I jumped back into my
breakfast as she grew more confident, putting her elbows on the table
and resting her chin on her clasped hands.  She was stunningly
beautiful and it surprised me to see that Sam was becoming a woman
really quickly.  Thoughts of Candy started to intrude, but I forced
myself to concentrate on what she was saying.

"They all love you Dunk, not just because of what you have done for
me, but for how you treat them.  We're not used to being asked what we
think, or have our opinions valued.  You invite them over to have
coffee and talk philosophy when most guys want to just stare at our
boobs and talk about farts or something retarded."  I chuckled and
tried not to glance down at her magnificent chest.

"Newsflash kiddo....when men get older, the conversations change, but
the view sure doesn't."  She reached out and smacked my arm, knowing I
was mostly kidding, but the motion did the most wonderful jiggle to
her chest.  I found the thoughts of Candy threatening to intrude but
with Sam as the principle player and not her friend.  I think she
caught where I was looking because her face flushed even deeper.  The
interesting thing is that she pulled her arms off the table and sat
back, giving me an even better view of her ripe bosom.  Her nipples
stood out even more than before which I had not thought possible.

I dropped my gaze down to my plate once more and tried to change the
subject to something safe.  Unfortunately, she beat me to the punch. 
"Do you want to know who's next Duncan?"  I looked up at her quickly,
the tone in her voice sending an electric shock straight to my groin. 
Having her call me Duncan had more of an effect on me that I would
have ever guessed.  I tried to swallow the mouthful, but my whole
mouth had dried up.  I simply nodded instead.

"You've had your Candy, now it's time for some Chocolate....." she
purred.

I could swear she was getting into the role of madam for some weird
reason.  Her eyes positively glowed as she picked up a piece of bacon
and slowly put it in her mouth, chewing slowly and sensously.  The
tent in my pants really pushed out.  I realized she was talking about
her friend Lake.  Lake was half jamaican, half japanese, and all
beautiful.  Her dad was from Jamaica originally before he came to
america and joined the navy.  Being stationed in Tokyo, he had met and
married Lake's mom, Kiku, who was a looker herself.  Lake inherited
the best of both worlds, long thick straight black hair, mocha skin, a
petite body and full lips.  All in all a very nice treat.

I guess she could see the thoughts rolling around in my head because
she chuckled sexily.  I didn't know you could be sexy and laugh at the
same time, but her whole personality seemed to take on this sensual
husky sort of tone that was turning me on like I couldn't believe.  We
sat and stared at one another for a while, her nipples and my dick
getting harder by the minute.  She licked the grease off one finger
and stood up suddenly, shaking her head.  I came out of my own trance
and smiled at her.

She picked up her plate and put it in the sink as I sat there
pondering.

"Hey babe?" as I called her every once in a while.  It seemed that the
connotation had changed for her as well because she closed her eyes,
smiled and sighed.  It seems that she was as turned on as me.

"Yeah Duncan" she breathed.  She was leaning against the sink as I
picked up my dishes and walked over to wash my own.  She just turned
and looked at me over her shoulder instead of moving, so I reached
around her to put my dishes in the sink.  She stuck her hands in the
soapy water with mine and pulled forward suddenly, making my dick ride
up into the back of her shorts.  Her ass muscles tensed as I heard her
sharp intake of breath.  "Mmmmmm, that feels nice.  We should wash
dishes more often together, the 'soap' is so wet and slippery."

I moved forward and ground my crotch into her ass.  She wiggled for a
minute and spun quickly in my arms to face me.  She threw her arms
around my waist and pulled me in close.  Her mouth was up against my
right ear as she whispered, "Have your chocolate first Duncan...."  As
she trailed her tongue inside my ear and kissed it, she slipped out of
my arms and ran up the stairs.  I heard the door to her room slam and
I whipped down my shorts and beat off right into the sink.  It took
less than a minute of waxing my purple member to blow my wad into the
sink and partially on the counter.

When I had cleaned up and put the dishes away and reclothed myself,
Sam came back into the kitchen.  Gone was the sultry sex kitten and in
her place was the bouncy teen I knew and loved.  She chattered on and
off about school, and cheering and how the football season was almost
at an end, and how she was trying to see who she wanted to go to Prom
with....  I let her chatter on and responded where I knew I was
supposed to.  I wondered at the change, but after noticing the flush
in her cheeks as she returned to the kitchen, I had a feeling that
she'd been taking care of herself upstairs.

Life continued as usual until a few weeks later.  I had been working
out in the backyard for about an hour doing my form for the test I
would be taking in a weeks time.  I was testing for my blue belt in
Tae Kwon Do and I was determined to show the teachers that I REALLY
knew my stuff.  I wanted to begin teaching some classes for them and
testing time was a good change to display my talents.  The day was
fairly warm and the yard was fairly secluded so I took off the uniform
top and practiced in my gi pants and belt.

After finishing the sparring combinations and unarmed form, I moved
onto my armed forms.  I had talked the head Master into allowing me to
study weapons early after showing aptitude in simple unarmed forms.  I
was practicing a double sword form and was finally beginning to feel
more comfortable with them.  I had done the form 5 times and was in
the midst of a 6th when I closed my eyes and stepped through.  I felt
freer, more fluid then ever before.  I would sneak a peek every once
in a while to see that I was not straying off track.  As I completed
the last maneuver, a double block followed by a flying strike, I bowed
and 'sheathed' my swords.  Hard to do when you are only wearing the
equivalent of pajama pants.  To my surprise, I heard clapping from the
side of the house.

There standing under the back porch, partially hidden, were Sam and
her friends.  Candy winked and Sam waved.  Kitty and Christy were
smiling and waving as well, but my gaze was drawn to Lake.  She stood
off a little apart and her face was calm, a slight curve at the
corners of her lips belying a smile.

I heard Sam say "We're going to the Beach Dunk, we'll see you tonight
or tomorrow", but I was staring at Lake.  I realized that they were
leaving without her and I heard a collective giggle that made Lake
smile in earnest.

"Hey Lake, aren't you going?" I inquired walking over towards her.  I
had a feeling that today might be her birthday.

She shook her head and picked up a bag from her feet.  I had thought
she was being pretty obvious with her advances, but saw that it was an
equipment bag and that she was wearing a ghi like I was.  As she made
her way over to to the bench where I had put my stuff, I noticed the
three gold stripes on her BLACK belt.  She was a damn 3rd degree black
belt.

"Shit, Lake!  Why didn't you tell me you were into martial arts?"  I
shouted with mock indignation.  She smiled and dropped her bag next to
mine.  She pulled her thick black hair into a ponytail and fastened it
with a band from her wrist.  I had always noticed how beautiful her
skin was, but I hadn't noticed the almond shape to her green eyes, nor
how they crinkled as she smiled.

"Sorry Dunk." she said as I propped my swords up against the bench and
took a long pull on my water bottle.  "I know I should have said
something, just never did I guess.  Didn't think you'd want to get
your ass kicked by a girl..." she teased.  I chuckled and knocked back
another swig of water.

"So.." I said.  "You gonna kick my ass, or just stare at me chugging?"

She got serious and I saw a nervous young woman instead of a confident
martial artist.  It made me change my tack immediately.

"Lake...is today your birthday?"

She dropped her eyes and nodded.  "Yeah, it is."  

I let out a deep breath and tried to figure this out.  My eyes
alighted on her gym bag.  "So...what's in the bag?"

Her head jerked up and she looked at me with a quizzical look.  "It's
my sparring equipment and my sword.  My other stuff is up in Sam's
room alrea....." she blushed and looked anywhere but me.

It gave me an idea.  "Did you just come from class?"  She nodded. 
"Cool, what style?"  She smiled and we started chatting about her
style Chi Ti Nua and how it differed from mine, and how we both agreed
that while TKD was a good style to learn, there wasn't much past black
belt, and how this and that, and she relaxed into the confident young
woman I had begun speaking with only 10 minutes before.

"I'll make you a deal baby...." I began, and as she dropped her gaze I
continued quickly.  "Why don't you teach me some of that fancy
swordwork I know you can do with that thing, and we'll see where we go
from there..."   I was referring to the shining sword she had pulled
out to show me.  It was crafted really well, and light as all hell. 
She looked at me and nodded, not without a small giggle.  I already
loved the way her white teeth flashed from behind those full lips. 
Her dark green eyes flashed as she picked up her sword and walked to
the middle of the lawn.  The black material of her top was fairly
loose, but her pants were nice and tight as she walked barefoot and
started stretching.  I took a last sip of water and picked up my
longer sword and moved to join her.

She laid the sword at her feet and twisted at the waist several times.
 She looked at me as I walked over and slid slowly into a full split. 
My jaw dropped in awe, but she just giggled again.  "I've been
studying a long time.  I could stay in this position all day long"  I
sighed and mimed fainting.  She caught my thought and giggled again. 
I loved to hear it, it was childlike and had an ethereal quality to it
as well.

I admired her taught form as she stretched back and mashed her well
formed, perky tits into her jersey top.  Ignoring the rising member in
my pants I did a few stretches of my own, but I was still pretty warm,
and by looking at this dark skinned goddess, I was getting warmer
every minute.

We began by going through my sword form.  She was familiar with it
since most schools teach the same basic weapons forms.  She made a few
comments on how I could relax in certain places to make it feel more
fluid and flow more easily.  We ran through it a few more times and
she pronounced herself satisfied.

"Dunk, do you want to try something?" she asked.

"Sure, what do you have in mind" I said non-committaly.  I was finding
out quickly that she was fairly confident if we took things slowly. 
She had casually brushed her chest against me several times as she
corrected a position and some of her heavy breathing was not just from
the forms.

"I want to try doing a dual form.  We start out together, but end up
opposed.  Your part is exactly the same, but on the 11th move, make
sure your block is sure, and from that point on, expect contact.  I
won't put anything behind it, but I want to see try sparring."

Nodding my head excitedly, I took the beginning position.  I had
always wanted to see the form used practically and I think I
understood what she would do.  As she said, we began together, this
time a lot more slowly than before.  As I swept around and pivoted
striking behind me, I did the slide block into position.  Even
expecting it, I got startled by the loud clang in front of me.  Lake
smiled wickedly and called "On" and we moved into the next position,
she retreating, me advancing.  Another slide advance step, strike and
my sword connected lightly onto hers.  "Good, keep going"

We kept it up to the end of the form, our swordguards locked, stances
tight.  She grinned wickedly and said "Yes!  That was awesome!  Can we
do it again?!?  Please?!"  I nodded just as excited and moved back
into the starting position.  We went through the form again.  And
again.  Our grins getting wider with each strike, with each parry and
strike.  My blood was coursing through my body, energizing and turning
me on like never before.  I had never known lust before from working
out, and from the look in her eye and the expression on her face, I
could tell it wasn't just me.

"My god Lake, this is amazing..." I gasped breathing heavily.  She
grunted something, but I could tell she was barely keeping control. 
Her strikes were a lot harder, and we were speeding up towards the
end.  Our movements were precise and together.  I could feel the blood
coursing through my body, especially in my groin.  The sheen of sweat
had soaked her top completely through and was making it stick to her
body.

Finishing the form once more, she pulled back with her sword and
dropped it on the ground.  I did the same and took her hand pulling
her into the house.  As soon as the door shut behind us she dove at
me.  Her arms and legs wrapped around my body, she bore me to the
floor, our mouths finding one another's.  Moaning deep in my chest and
she in her throat we mashed our lips together, our tongues wrestling
for one another.  She pulled back for a breath and just stared at me.

She leaned back and peeled off her top.  She was wearing a jogging bra
underneath her jersey, and it was fairly tight.   As she untied and
ripped off her belt, she got off me and knelt next to me.  I had
thought to take it slow and easy with her but she obviously had other
ideas.  I stood up and untied my belt and whipped off my underwear and
pants, exposing my throbbing cock.

I knelt down next to her and she practically dove onto my cock.  Like
Candy, she surprised me with her expertise.  She gobbled down 3/4 of
the shaft and used her nails to gently squeeze my balls.  I moaned
deep and loudly and she began humming, her head bobbing up and down
fairly quickly.  If I hadn't been so turned on before, I wouldn't be
this close, but watching her ponytail swish back and forth and feeling
her full dark lips on my member brought me to the brink.

"Lake baby...oooooohhhhh baby.  Look out, I'm...ooooh, I'm gonnnnna
cum baby..."  She pulled her head up and jammed her tongue in my
mouth.

I moaned deeply as she whipped my dick up and down with her hand at
subsonic speed.  She unlocked her lips from mine and whispered, "Come
for me Duncan, come for Lake.  Pleeeeeeeese"

I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me tightly as I sprayed ropes of
hot come in the air.  My hips jerked with each shot and she pulled
away from my lips to watch it hit the ground.  As I finished, she
pushed me backwards into one of the soft chairs.  She stood in front
of me and slid out of her pants and underwear and reached for her
jogging bra.  She smiled and pulled the tight fabric up, spilling her
boobs out one by one.  The bra must have really controlled them,
because they were a lot bigger than I had at first thought.  They
jiggled slightly as she pulled her top off.  She finished by pulling
the band out of her hair, letting it fall.  Sweat covered her lithe
brown body, her breath coming in heavy gasps.  She seemed unsure once
more, so I took over.  I reached out and held her hand, pulling her
down on top of me.

As I gazed into her dark eyes, her thick hair fell in front of her
eyes.  I reached up and cupped her cheek, caressing it gently.  Her
dark skin was covered in a sheen of sweat, and she was trembling all
over.  Her hips had started little motions back and forth, stirring my
member back to life.  I decided it was her turn.  I pulled her arms
down around my neck, my hands reaching back and clutching her muscled
ass.  Her more than ample boobs mashed between us as I massaged her
ass.  She began to relax again as our tongues played together, her
hips beginning to make bigger circles around on my lap.  I could feel
the hardness trapped between the lips of her pussy, which was dripping
wet.  As she began to moan, I decided I wanted to do some serious
pussy licking.  I shifted forward suddenly, pulling her legs around my
waist.

Sitting up, I hugged her tighter and stood.  My dick was under her ass
and getting harder by the minute.  I knew that having come would give
me a lot more control and I was going to make this the night of her
life.  A beanbag chair was directly in front of me, so I slowly
lowered her into it, laying on top of her kissing her deeply.  Our
tongues twined together, I sucked on her bottom lip.  She let out a
small gasp as I sucked it in and out of my mouth.  Her eyes were
closed and her body totally relaxed.

I let off her lip and began kissing her neck.  She began to squirm a
bit as I made my way down between her breasts.  I was still laying
between her legs, and my stomach was riding right between the folds of
her pussy.  I was slowly moving down, leaving a wet trail from her
drenched pussy along my stomach.  I paused to suck one of the coal
black nipples into my mouth, her hands coming up and pressing me into
her ample bosom.  She was definitely not as endowed as Candy, and not
as soft either.  I reached out my left hand to stroke and caress her
other tit and noticed that they were soft, but very firm.  I pinched
her nipple between my teeth and she arched her body with a loud moan.
"Ooooooooohhhhhhhh..."  Being a tit man, I knew how caress and tease
her.  I knew I would come back to them so I kissed my way down to her
belly button.

Not many people know, but a woman's belly button can be an erogneous
zone, and Lake proved me right.  She hissed a breath between clenched
teeth and pulled me in closer to her belly.  Her hips had started a
circling motion on my bicep and were picking up speed.

Rather than tease her by kissing around the area, I dove right onto
her bush, licking furiously.  As her hips shot forward onto my mouth,
I pulled her thick bush apart to expose her dark brown pussy.  It was
wet and slightly swollen.  I used to fingers to pull apart the lips
and slathered my tongue all over her clit.  She screamed suddenly and
my face was bathed in the sweetest liquid I had ever tasted.

I looked up momentarily and saw that her head was thrown back her lips
and eyes wide open.  I rubbed her clit with my thumb, causing her to
thrash back and forth.  Her hands were wild, grabbing at me pulling me
forward..."Innn...please....while I am coming..oh oh oooooooooo.."

I scrambled forward and put my dick at the opening of her ebony slit. 
She grabbed me around the neck and rolled me over onto my back.  Her
eyes and mouth were still wide open as she literally dropped her
weight onto me, planting her hands on my chest with a deep grunt.  I
barreled into her tight pussy in one quick shot.  I blew past her
hymen as bounced down onto me.  Like Candy, I bottomed out just as I
nudged her cervix.  I had never felt a pussy so tight and so hot.  I
could feel her massaging my dick with the muscles of her vaginal
walls.  Her face was screwed up with a mixture of pain and pleasure,
so I waited for her muscles to adjust to the size of me.

The contractions of the walls of her sheath were speeding up, I knew
she was adjusting well.  Her face began to relax and her lips formed
an O of pleasure instead of pain.  She licked her lips several times
and began humping up and down.  "Fuck me Duncan, fuck me now"  I
needed no other prompting.  I could feel the heat venting from her
cunt.  I had thought to be gentle, but our blood was up and needed to
be salved.  I realized that for the second time, I was inside an 18
year old goddess and planned to make the most of it.

As I lay on my back on the floor, I raised my hips slightly to
increase the friction I would soon put on her clit.  I reached my
hands around behind her and grabbed her ass, raising it up slowly.  I
lowered her back down and began a rhythm, moving her farther up my
cock with each stroke.  Her eyes were closed as she bit her lip and
Oooh'd sexily.  I could tell she was really starting get more and more
comfortable.  She alternated squeezing my cock as it was sliding out
of her pussy, and loosening it as I ploughed back into her slit.  My
lap was soon a puddle of our juices as I leaned forward and alternated
licking one nipple than another for a few minutes.  She began to
shudder when I captured one between my teeth and picked up the pace of
our lovemaking.

I rocked my hips back and forth and switched to her other nipple.  Her
breasts weren't half as big as Candy's, but it enough to make most
women jealous.  The dark hard nipples were surrounded by areola that
were black as coal.  Her light brown skin was covered in a sheen of
sweat and it was trembling from pent up emotion.  Her eyes were opened
now and a sexy smile played about her full lips.  "Ooooh Duncan, man
are you good....don't stop please  I am in love with your cock baby!!"

I decided to change the scenery.  I sat up and pulled her legs around
my waist and started to stand up.  Whatever I did to her clit by
moving set her off, because she started babbling incoherently and
slamming up and down on my dick.  I had thought I would move into the
other room, but her mindblowing orgasm interrupted that idea.  I just
smiled and rocked my hips forward to prolong her orgasm, her brown
hips quivering with the afteraffects of her release.  My lap was
soaked, and I was still hard as hell.

I put my hands under her ass as her eyes came back into focus and a
languid sexy smile crossed her face.  "I am never going to be the same
Duncan, never.  Oh oh....oh that's nice, don't stop that" she said as
I shifted my hips in circles, darting my member into her pussy.  I
thought a nice slow pace would do for a while.  If it was possible,
she got wetter and mashed her firm tits against my chest, her green
eyes sparkled with delight.

"It's your birthday baby." I whispered.  "Anything you want is yours
for the asking..."  The rocking motion going on in my lap was still
languid and slow, but I was withdrawing and thrusting deeper.  I
leaned into her neck and sucked on her collarbone lightly, her arms
wrapped around my neck pulling me into it.  She sighed deeply as she
shifted her hips forward, allowing my hips to rub her clit more. 
Small "Mmmmm" sounds resonated through her throat where I kissed and
sucked around her dark skinned neck.

"Duncan?" she asked languidly.

"Mmmmmm."

"You said anything right..." there was no hesitation now with my
jamacian/asian princess.  I was with a sex kitten now.

"MmmmmHmmmmm, you name it, it's yours."

"Would you..." she began and started to tense up, I lifted her ass
quickly and dropped her down on my turgid member.

"Don't tense up, relax" I murmured between licks and kisses.  By this
point I had pulled my legs to an indian style position and she was
riding my cock slowly and rhythmically.  "I said anything and I meant
it, just ask."  I put one hand on the small of her back and angled her
so I could put more of my cock in her and suck her nipples at the same
time.

"Uh oh oh mmmmm, I like when you suck my nipples Duncan....Mmmmm this
pace is soooo nice" she had the husky sex voice thing with a little
jamaican twang to it that turned me on even more if possible.

"Duncan, I want...ooooo, I want you to do some more of this
later....Duncan?"

"Yeah baby" I answered, running my tongue around her rock hard nipple.

"I want you to fuck me in the ass Duncan, I want to be buttfucked oh
oh oh ohoooooooooo" I put my hands back under her ass and pogo'd her
on my member as she came again.  Talking about it must have turned her
on to the point of no return.

"In the ass?" I thought to myself.  "Never been there before, but I
don't want to disappoint the lady."  As her eyes came back into focus,
I grinned wickedly.  I heard her catch her breath when she realized I
would go for it.

I decided to take her up on her offer before she had a chance to back
down.  It was obviously something she wanted, but felt weird about.  I
slid my hands from the rounded globes of her dark skinned ass to her
crack and began to slowly run my fingers along the cleft between her
cheeks.  She shuddered, making the muscles in her pussy twitch.  I was
still hard, still encased in a warm dark pussy, and playing with the
ass of an 18 year old girl who just asked me to fuck her in the ass. 
I was in heaven.

I stuck my tounge out and licked around her nipple as I inched my way
down the crack in her ass.  My touch was light, but my intent was
obvious.  I was purposefully moving toward her anus, stimulating the
skin on her ass cheeks and turning her on.  She moaned suddenly and
started rocking back and forth on my cock.  Her pussy was wetter than
ever and the motions caused my fingers to brush across her puckered
anus.  I pulled one hand to the small of her back, thrust my hips
forward, and rubbed my index finger across her butthole at the same
time.  She closed her eyes and bit her lip, hissing her pleasure
between her full brown lips.

I could tell she was trying to help because the more I played with her
asshole, the softer and looser it got.  I was imagining the things
that she practiced with because she obviously did not have a virgin
asshole.  Probably a carrot or a candle, but I really didn't care
because at that moment, my index finger slid in to the hilt and she
jammed her hips down on my cock and finger moaning, "Ohhh, OOHHHHH!!!
That feels soooooo gooooood, mmmmmmmm"  She rolled her hips around,
causing my cock and finger to move in and out of her cunt and ass.  I
pressed my second finger up against the ring of her ass and pushed
that in with a lot more resistance.  Her face contorted a bit, but she
seemed to compensate.

"I can't wait, take me now Duncan, take my ass and fuck me, fuck me
fuck me" her voice matched the motions of her hips.  I reached over
and grabbed my pants, wiping my fingers off on them.  I took her by
the hips and pried her off my painfully rock hard member.  She shifted
to her hands and knees, her knees on the beanbag chair, her ass
pointed right at me.  She flung the hair away from her face and looked
back at me with that ComeFuckMe look.  I reached forward and wiped up
all of the moisture from her pussy, and it was quite a bit.  I
slathered the handful of girlcome all over my prick to make sure it
was nice and lubed.  I played with her clit for a minute more and
wiped all of the rest of her come back onto her asshole.  It was
puckered and brown and I was going to fuck it.

"Stop teasing me, I need it in my ass!!"

Kneeling behind her, I pulled her cheeks apart and put the purpled
head of my cock at the entrance to her ass.  She pushed back as I
pushed forward and after some initial resistance, I slipped into her
warm ass.  A startled "Oh!" was followed by a longer languid
"ooooooohhhhhhh" as I slid in deeper and deeper.  "Nnnnnggghhhh,
ohmigod ohmigod, Nnnnnggggggh" was all she said as I bottomed out in
her ass.  Her ring flexed around my cock as she shook her head back
and forth.

I slowly withdrew until just the head of my dick was in her ass, and
was surprised to see that I was slick, but from lube, not anything
else.  Realizing that it wasn't going to be messy, I slid back in
slowly, my hands no longer holding her cheeks apart, I grabbed her
hips and settled on my knees behind her.

She was silent except for the occassional Oh oh oh oh I would hear. 
"Are you okay?" I whispered as I kept the nice easy slow rhythm.  Her
head was limp between her shoulders, her hair hanging down over her
face.

She nodded, murmuring "Mmmm hmmmm....Ohhhhhhhhh,
dun...Dun...Duncan....Ohhhh, it's so much bet...better than I
thoughtttttt nnnnnggggghhhhh."

I moved my hands from her hips to her swaying titties.  My big white
dick was buried in the chocolate asshole of an 18 year old
cheerleader.  Now I knew I was in heaven.  It was time to pick up the
pace.  Reaching under and cupping her pendulous breasts, I tweaked her
nipples, causing her hips to shoot back, forcing me deeper into her
ass.  I cupped her big tits and pulled her up and back against me. 
She settled her head against my shoulder as I massaged her tits and
pinched her nipples.  Her hands moved back to my hips, pushing them
back farther on the backstroke until the head was half out and then
let go and I slammed all the way back in.  By the scream she let out,
I could tell that she was having orgasm after orgasm.  She did it
twice more before falling forward and bucking her hips back into my
dick.

I had had just about enough and I wanted to dump my load in my
Jamaican Venus.  I leaned down and whispered "Hold on to something
Lake...."  She nodded and dropped her chest to the floor, her ass
still wrapped around my cock.

I grabbed the fleshy globes and started fucking her with gusto.  Every
time our hips met, she cried out "Yes, yes oooooooo".  I could feel
the familiar itch at the back of my balls so I sped up even more.  I
could see her fingers on her clit whipping her pussy into a frenzy. 
Slamming into her ass I felt my cock swell even bigger as she screamed
"Yes, yes, come in my butthole, ooooOOOOOOoooooOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

It was too much for me as come shot out of my cock like a rocket.  I
roared my pleasure as I emptied my seed into her asshole.  Her ring
tightened on my cock, squeezing it for all it was worth before
relaxing.  I collapsed on top of her, both of us breathing heavily. 
After a minute or two, my spent cock slipped out of her ass, and I
rolled over to lie next to her.

She looked at me and smiled, rolling her eyes.  "Youu...*huff* *huff*
are going to have to marry me, because I am ruined.."  She finished
cackling.

I chuckled and pulled her in close to me.  "Lake....you are
ama....amazing...."

She put her head on my shoulder, I cupped her tit in one hand, and we
fell asleep right on the floor.