Kent was so glad it was finally payday... finally some time when
the wife was gonna be out of town... finally a night to blow off
some steam alone. The guys had invited Kent out after work, and
it seemed like only a couple of beers later and it was 8pm.
Kents motivations were changing fast. That loudmouth Jim guy
that worked in accounting couldn't stop talking about a stripper
at this club downtown.

Kent was so glad it was finally payday... finally some time when
the wife was gonna be out of town... finally a night to blow off
some steam alone. The guys had invited Kent out after work, and
it seemed like only a couple of beers later and it was 8pm.
Kents motivations were changing fast. That loudmouth Jim guy
that worked in accounting couldn't stop talking about a stripper
at this club downtown. Too much talk about shaved wet pussy was
driving Kent crazy. Jim said she blew kisses with her pussy
during her show, but then she even went so far as to blow
floating soap bubbles out of her pussy without a wand. Jim wasn't
gonna make it tonight, so Kent decided to venture down to 7th
avenue alone, this was something he just had to see for himself.

Here was the kind of thing that Kent didn't pay much attention to
- he wasn't sure if the name of the club was Kittycat Club or
Pussycat Club.. All that pussy talk would have confused any man,
Kent chuckled to himself.. and of course there on 7th avenue,
both club names were flashing at him in blinking pink neon... He
went for Kittycat first; the doorman gruffly said "75 bucks Pal".
Kent laughed at the obscene cover charge and decided to check out
the Pussyclub down the street... As Kent walked back to his car
he caught a glimpse of four or five guys slipping through the
back door of what looked like the Kittycat Club back entrance...
He thought to himself for a second.. "Fuck, I hate being taken
for a chump... They make the poor slobs off the street pay 75
bucks to get in, I'm sure the regulars going through the back are
only paying 30 or so to see the same show tonight. I guess this
knowledge makes me a reg then." Kent smirked to himself as he
slid through the back door...

Suddenly Kent was caught in a pitch black hallway. He was
disoriented and had to hold onto the wall as he moved forward in
the direction of the bass thumping through the wall. He walked
cautiously, trying to find the doorman. This was so odd he
thought. Then a door flew open and he was pulled into an empty
circular room, blue strobing light pulsating to the rhythm of the
wildly loud music. A huge black bouncer dressed in black leathers
grabbed Kent by the shoulders, roughly locking a collar and leash
around his neck. Without a word, Kent was shoved through another
door, into a dimly lit red velvet room. The far wall was
completely mirrored and a velvet covered altar/table/bed stood in
the middle of the room. It was a large raised table, nearly the
size of a king-sized bed, but round, with several metal rings
attached around its frame. Unsure of what was going to happen,
Kent waited there, behind the locked door, pacing the room,
trying to figure out what kind of sick punishment this was for
guys trying to beat the ridiculous cover charge.

Ten minutes passed before the door opened. Kent smiled to see a
pretty tall woman enter wearing a long black velvet cloak, long
leather boots gracing her sexy legs as she walked. She was not
pleased to see Kent leering at her. She approached him sternly,
jerking hard on the leash around his neck, making him fall
immediately to his knees in front of her. "How DARE you even look
at me you worthless fuck! you have to earn the right of favor in
here, you untrained worthless slut! Now Kiss the bottom of my
boot and prove to me you're willing to listen slut!"

Kent was in shock at the overwhelming power of this woman and
immediately did as he was told, leaning down, his cheek scraping
the floor as he kissed the sole of Her boot. He lifted his head
to look at Her and realized his mistake much too late. Her boot
came down forcefully on Kentss neck, pinning his face to the
dirty concrete floor. She scowled at him: "You poor poor
misbegotten, untrained, misbehaving little slutfuck. you're going
to serve Mistress tonight like you never thought possible. My
little asstoy is going to be all used up, isn't he ponyboy? hmmm?
Answer me, fuck" "Yes Mistress" She pulled harshly on his leash,
straining his neck, while her boot still held Kents head firmly
to the cold floor. "By the end of the evening the only thing
you'll be able to think about is the pain in your balls from
aching to cum so badly and the only question is.. will Mistress
let you to cum at all my little cuntboy?" She laughed at him,
lifting her boot, yanking hard on his leash, making Kent rise up
tall on his knees for Her.

He was careful this time not to lift his gaze to look at her.
"Let's have a good look at you fuckboy... mmmmmm you are built
like a greek god aren't you?.... what's your name ponyboy?" "Kent
Mistress" She caressed his shoulders through black satin gloved
hands, assessing his strength and then working her way down to
his chest. Then Mistress roughly grabbed Kents nipple, pulling
twisting hard, making him wince in pain. "This is what you need,
isn't it slut?" She pulled harder, jerking at his nipple, forcing
his response "Yes Mistress" "Then say it for me fuckslut, say
it.. I need Mistress to teach this slut..."

"I need Mistress to teach this slut.." "Good cockboy.... now take
off all your clothes.. don't keep Mistress waiting..." Kent
complied, obediently stripping naked, now standing before his
Mistress, holding his clothes in his hand, staring at the floor,
waiting for further instruction.

"How much money do you have with you tonight Kentslut?" "300
dollars Ma'am"
Mistress stood looking down at her new slave, taking a deep
breath as if supremely disappointed. She turned, took a crop down
from the wall, and tucked the end of the crop under Kents chin,
forcing him to lift his gaze to hers. "300 isn't enough now is it
you worthless littlefuck?" Mistress impatiently tapped the riding
crop up & down his chest as she spoke: "Im going to have to take
out your service in trade as well... so be it.. take the money
from your wallet, put it in your mouth, and crawl over to that
chest, placing the money in that bowl, then crawl back to me,
littlefuck..." Mistress smacked his ass with the riding crop to
emphasize her orders. God! the rough way this woman treated him
made his cock hard!

Kent bit down on the 300 dollars, sank to his knees and thought
while he crawled over to the chest by the door, his hard cock
dangling and flopping between his legs, his leash trailing behind
his naked stinging ass. "What the hell have I gotten into here?
This Mistress makes my cock throb, that's for sure, but for 300
bucks I better be getting the best fucking blowjob of my life and
then some!" Kent could feel Her eyes burning a hole through him
as he moved along the cold dirty floor... He liked feeling Her
eyes sizing him up... As he turned and crawled toward her, he
exaggerated his movements, stretching off his back muscles,
putting on a show for Mistress that he could tell she enjoyed....
He was beginning to like being treated as a pet, a fucktoy...
Kents thoughts were quickly interrupted.... THWACK! The crop
came thundering down over Kents back...

"DON'T keep Mistress waiting for you EVER fuckworm... you serve
ME! understand?" "Yes Mistress" "Rise up.. uncover your
Mistress..." Kent stood to take her black velvet cape, feeling
the weight of the rich velvet, the quality of the smooth fabric
in his hands, and then, in that moment, he caught the sight of
Her lovely body in the mirror. His eyes grew wide, taking in her
sumptuous frame, the elegant black leather boustierre that
wrapped her curves up like the finest gift. He was intoxicated by
the scent of her, her graceful catlike motions, her knowing
air.... Kent wanted nothing more than to take this fine woman to
his bed and now...

Mistress saw Kent looking in the mirror at her. She raised a
stern eyebrow at him, staring at his hardened cock as she
spoke...."You approve then, ponyboy? I'm so glad Mistress pleases
you, easyfuck, but your pleasure is not my purpose... Get on the
altar for me now!" Kent moved quickly, kneeling on the table, as
Mistress moved in closer, examining, caressing his body, trailing
the riding crop over his back, between his legs, twirling the
crop around his balls, making his hard cock drip from the tip. "I
can see I'm going to have to take care of this problem aren't I,
fuckslut?" She emphasized the word fuckslut with a Hard smack to
Kentss ass, making his body sway as he groaned.

Mistress took something from a pocket of her cloak and moved
between her slaveboy's legs, binding a cock and ball harness
around Kents proud steel cock. He felt his shaft become encased
in a tight black leather sheath exposing only the head... then
Mistress wrapped one strap around the root of his cock, sliding
another strap around his scrotum, while a third separated his
balls. He could feel the leather binds squeezing his entire
manhood like a gentle fist, making his cock throb from the power
she placed over him. "There! This should keep that greedy little
cock under control." "Now stay like that, kneeling for Mistress
on the table like a good slut, Kent..... Good boy"

Kent was already desperate to come, aching to feel Mistress pussy
slicking up his cock, wishing she'd let him drive his cock deep
into her, he'd make sure she'd scream his name......Mistress
moved onto the table, facing opposite from him.. her knees at
Kents head. Kent took the opportunity to brazenly glare at
Mistress' fine sleek pussy as she lay back on the table.... Kent
watched as Her black gloved fingers slid her boustierre down,
revealing her firm milky white tits, gorgeous pink nipples that
were meant for his mouth to suck.... She could hear his
thoughts.. "Keep your eyes to yourself Fucktoy, my body is NOT
for your grazing pleasure..." "Yes Mistress, please" She sighed,
as if she found his lack of training completely tiresome, She
took her riding crop & tapped at his face in rhythm while she
spoke. "Listen up slutty little cocktoy... you will do as I say..
and Nothing more... do you hear Me?" "Yes Mistress"

Mistress moved to cup Kents balls in the palm of her hand,
squeezing firmly, clearly getting his attention, making his body
rush with fever from Her control of him... "Now... ponyfuck...
Every single time that I squeeze on your worthless balls, you
will shake your head NO.. do you understand?" To emphasize her
point, she squeezed his balls to within an inch of his tolerance,
making every muscle in his face tighten as he gritted his teeth,
answering "Yes Mistress" while desperately shaking his head No...
His plight, combined with his strained gestures made her laugh at
him... "ohh my little petboy... of all the things you will learn
tonight, you will learn the pleasure of the ache I give you the
most.. won't you slut?" "Yes Mistress"

Mistress was still chuckling to herself when the door opened and
a young well toned slaveboy entered the room on his knees,
carrying his leash in his teeth... "Ahhh my tenderfuck has
arrived to service Mistress like she needs - haven't you
trystan?" "For Your Pleasure Mistress" "you are on time, that is
good youngfuck, but wait there, I am not done with our
babyslut"... Kent could feel his pulse racing.. What did this all
mean? She teases me into a frenzy and then I get dismissed and
*he* gets to fuck her? I just paid 300 bucks for what??? Kent was
jealous, envious.. he needed to get off so fucking badly, but
even more so, after all this torture, he wanted to please Her!

She yanked harshly on Kents leash.. "Pay attention ponyfuck...
every single time that I jerk on this leash you will NOD your
head, yes, won't you slut?" He nodded "Yes Mistress" "Good then..
you and I have established your use for tonight.. you are my YES
man...and from now on, you won't speak one word again, will you
cuntboy?" She squeezed his balls firmly, getting the 'no' shake
of his head that she desired quickly...

Mistress pushed a button on a remote control and the lighting
changed to a soft blue velvet hue.. lively tribal or jungle music
began pulsing a constant rhythm in an echoing drumbeat as
Mistress called trystan to the table... Kent kneeled motionless,
watching, knowing the kind of punishment any movement on his part
would gain...trystan moved over Mistress, caressing her gorgeous
ripe breasts, leaning down to her face, whispering words that
made her laugh as she spread her thighs open to his young firm
body...

Mistress kept on hand on Kents leash, the other cupping his
balls as trystan poured kisses over her sumptuous body... She
toyed with Kent: "new fuckslut's aren't worthy to fuck Mistress,
are they ponyboy?,*squeezing* making him shake his head No..
you're just not good enough to fuck yet are you?" Kent shook his
head no again as instructed, he could feel her humiliation, and
what's worse, it was making his cock strain in its leather
harness.

trystan then began a love-dance with Mistress, caressing her
everywhere, keeping in time with the music.. Mistress' body
writhing from trystan's slightest touch.. trystan then moved to
his knees between her thighs.. Kent kneeled motionless as trystan
entered her. trystan slowly began to fuck her as the music
swelled. Mistress pulled hard on Kents leash... "You will move
closer and watch Mistress' pussy get fucked raw, won't you
slutboy? You will see what you can't have, ache to fuck me and
know that you're not good enough to fuck Mistress, won't you
slut?" (nod)

Kent could barely stand it.. his cock was on fire, aching like
hell to come from her rough words, from this wild display.. Kent
did as he was told, nodding, moving his head down.. his face so
so close to her wide open thighs.. watching trystan's hard cock
stretch Mistress' pink wet pussy wide....taking in the whole
perfect view of trystan's cock, much like his own thick
fuckmuscle, slide in & out of that quivering slick pussy.. Kent
could see her steamy fuckjuice splash & drip down over her tight
little asshole while her pussy was stuffed tight.. slammed over &
over again by trystan's unforgiving fuck... Kent was sweating,
his whole body electrified ..he wasn't sure he could last,
feeling his balls ache icy hot fire...

Mistress was cummmming from the hard pounding her pussy was
taking... her whole body shook as she moaned & panted, pulling
only lightly on Kents balls, jerking at his leash while she
arched her back, succumbing to her orgasm. Kent watched her face
in awe, mystified by her beauty and power, wanting to give her
that same pleasure over & over again. Then he looked down to see
her pussy gush a flow of creamy Mistress cum, making his tongue
as hard as a rock. He swallowed hard as he watched the juice of
heaven drip down over her tight little rosebud. trystan roared as
he came hard into Mistress, his body jerking and convulsing,
leaving trystan shuddering in the grasp of Mistress' long
powerful thighs.....

Then, without a word, trystan kissed Mistress on the lips and
walked quietly out of the room, smiling, trailing his leash on
the floor... Mistress pulled hard on Kents leash as if nothing
had happened.. "Look at me fuckslut" Kent nodded as he gazed at
his Mistress, already that nod a reflex action....Mistress
laughed, squeezing on Kents balls tight as she asked..."Do you
want to fuck your Mistress? Is that what you want boy?" Kent was
going insane from her toying ways.. He shook his head "No" while
dreaming his cock could leap off his body and start fucking her
sadist mouthy pussy right then... "The smell of hot sex in the
air and you don't want to fuck any pussy, ponyslut?" "no" "You'll
just have to please my pussy the best way you can, won't you,
tonguefuck? Trystan made such a sloppy mess of my pussy....
you'll clean it all up for Mistress, won't you ponyboy?" Mistress
was pulling hard on Kents leash, never stopping to comment on
his continual nodding 'Yes' as he moved closer and closer to her
dripping wet snatch.

Kent found her ways so blissful, so humiliating, so erotic. He
intended to please her pussy like She had never known before. But
before he could open his mouth to oblige, Mistress pulled hard on
Kents hips, jerking his body, his ass into her black satin
hands. Mistress spread Kents buttcheeks wide, taunting her prey:
"I forgot to give my ponyboy his ponytail... Now open wide for
Mistress ponyfuck...that's my boy" Kent groaned as he felt a well
lubricated dildo slide slowly into his ass, pushing, inch by
inch, stretching him. Mistress thumped Hard on the dildo when it
filled Kents ass completely. Kent was shaking, he was impaled,
violated, possessed, all while his cock pulsated with fever... He
was so willing to give this Woman anything she wanted to take.
"There there my slutty little cocktoy is all used up good &
tight, isn't he?" Kent nodded, moaning at the tug on his leash.
"Now my pretty fuck... Do what you were made for... lick and suck
Mistress pussy all clean like a good fuckslut"

Kent edged his face into Mistress' spread pussy, not moving,
keeping his ass high in place for Mistress. Moaning, Kent opened
his mouth to consume Her wet paradise pussy, lapping his tongue
over her well fucked slit... lilting his tongue over her clit,
then circling round & round, sucking down all the fuck juice that
was flowing like the amazon only a minute before. He was in
heaven, moaning at the taste of her cum, trystan's cum, Kent knew
it was nasty and he didn't care...The hot meal of Her fucked
Mistress pussy the most intoxicating sensation he'd ever known.
Mistress began coaxing him with questions in quick fire
succession, first pulling on his leash, then squeezing his balls:
(leash) "Does Kentboy like what he's eating?" (balls) "Does my
fuckslut need to cum (leash) "Do you like eating trystan's cum
for Mistress?"(balls) "Do you want to fuck your Mistress yet,
slutboy?" Kent was insane with desire for her, his cock was
making its holster jolt up & down from her teasing as his whole
body twitched from her cruel game. Her torture intensified as her
thumb strummed and thumped on the dildo in his ass in the same
rhythm as she squeezed his balls on & off.. She continued his
suffering - question after question, making Kents hot mouth
swirl back & forth & then up & down as he nodded and shook his
head obediently tonguing her soaked pussy....

Mistress jolted Kent out of his pussy eating frenzy with a hard
pull to his leash.... "Move to straddle my waist tonguefuck -
it's Time. Mistress is going to cum and her Ponyboy is going to
cum too, isn't he?" Kent moved like liquid fire, straddling her
waist, his ass still high and exposed to her hands, becoming her
asstoy completely. His face dove back into her steaming pussy.
Kent gorged himself on the feast of her trystan fucking. He
moaned while sucking; driving his hot tongue deeper into her
lovehole, down to her asshole, tongue fucking deep, then back up
her shiny slit again.... Mistress was purring, as she pulled on
Kents cockharness, finally loosing his cock from its binds...
She leaned up, rimming Kents ass with her hot tongue, while she
burying the dildo hard, sliding it in & out of Kents begging
ass.. "Cum slaveboy.... jack your dirty cock on Mistress'
tummy...spill your nasty seed while you worship Mistress pussy on
the altar..." It was too much for Kent to take... his ass used
completely, fucked hard & tight, feeling his balls about to burst
from their wait. He spread his legs wide, hunching down on her
tummy, humping her flesh wildly with his throbbing dry cock,
while he craned his neck hard to get his tongue deeper and deeper
into that hot squeezing fuck hole....

Mistress' pussy rose high, grinding into Kents face. Her hips
were bucking, the soft flesh of her tummy shaking and pulsing
with spasms of pleasure against his hard cock ....She cried out
as she cradled his ass in her gloved hands, fucking him harder
and harder..."Cummmmmmmmm my fuckkkkkkkkk.... cummmmmm for
meeeee.. " Kent groaned humping her stomach, grinding his cock up
& down like an animal over her smooth flesh. Hearing her cum, he
went over the edge, crying out and grunting as his cock spurted
long jets of hot cum onto Her tummy. "Ohhhh myyyyy
sluuuutttttttttttttttttt!!! That's my boyyy cummm hard with
Mistress! ohhhhhhhhhhhhh....."

Kent was tingling all over, nearly hyperventilating from coming
so hard. His muscles were spent and he dare not lay his sweaty
body on Mistress for long. He moved up to his knees and felt her
gloved hand caressing his face. Mistress smiled as she leaned up
to kiss him, removing his collar and leash. Then she whispered:
"Take your 300 dollars from the bowl, my pet.... you'll find your
tip there as well, I think another 300 will suffice for your
splendid efforts this evening." Kent was so confused... Mistress
just then adjusted the lights... As the room darkened, the
mirrored wall revealed itself to be a two-way mirror.... Kent
looked through the glass and saw a crowd of seated onlookers
applauding... He chuckled, proud now that he had been such a
perfect slave, wondering at the same time if his performance
would have better or worse had he known? Kent kissed his Mistress
and never bothered to count his money until he got home.
