For most of the plane ride, Heather and Bryan had been carrying on like a couple of teenagers. Holding hands, laughing, giggling, kissing, unable to keep their hands off each other. For the first time, they were in an environment where no one knew them and they could be openly affectionate, they both planned to take full advantage of that fact.
In the Honeymoon Suite, they still didn't stop for even a minute. Adorable, redheaded Heather could not ignore how hot Bryan made her, how much she desired him and how much having his strong hands on her tiny body aroused her.
Now, dressed in a sexy black body-stocking, Heather was thrilling once more to his ardent kisses and caresses, little mewls of pleasure escaping her lips. Her body was wiggling on the bed as Bryan, naked from the waist up, was pleasuring her with passionate kisses on her lips, face and neck.
"God, don't you two _ever_ stop?"
Racquel walked out of the large bathroom that was attached to the Honeymoon Suite. She looked spectacular, her caramel skin illuminated by the black and gold lingerie she wore, her hair falling in dark brown waves midway down her back, brown eyes inviting and warm. She walked to the bed where the two lovers were playing.
"I'm sorry Racquel darling, but you know how Bryan gets to me. He is my favorite lover, after all."
"Yes, but now he's also _my_ husband!" Racquel chided gently, not really upset in the slightest.
The newest twist in the incestuous relationship between Heather and Bryan was his marriage to Racquel just yesterday. It had always been an odd situation, but all three had managed to work things out. Bryan and Heather were brother and sister – but also lovers and had been for some time, a fact of which Racquel was well aware. The elfin redhead and her handsome brother had been sharing a bed and sexual escapades for a while, although both had occasional other lovers, none could match the sexual passions they were able to bring to each other. Every time Heather ground her fiery little cunt against his cock, Bryan saw stars and every time Heather rode her brother's prick, she was in seventh heaven. Heather knew she'd never be able to get him out of her system, they were insatiable for each other, plus there was a strong, deep, familial bond there that was unbreakable. It had grown even stronger over the past several months.
They'd had a few lovers that knew their secret, including their aunt Alexus and recently, their mother, Brigit. Brigit was in the process of divorcing their father, but it had all been amicable, especially since Heather and Bryan had managed to whet her voracious sexual appetites, albeit with some assistance. Heather had been surprised at how breathtaking her mother had been once she was naked and Bryan couldn't get over what a wildcat his Mom was between the sheets. Heather and Brigit had romped frequently since that first encounter, her Mom was a true _lesbian slut_ and couldn't get enough of her pixie-like daughter's body. Bryan joined in whenever he was available and more than made up for their absentee father.
Still, Heather despaired that someday, they would have to stop all the incestuous fucking, lest someone outside the family discover their secret. Brigit agreed they shouldn't tell their father. Bryan knew the situation made his sister miserable, but he couldn't think of any way they could solve the problem. Whenever his sister would bring it up, he'd made love to her with a savage fury, to distract her from the elephant in the room, but it always came back to haunt them. They did _not_ want to be separated, not ever.
When Bryan met the sensual, delectable Racquel, the beginnings of his new life fell into place, one by one. It gave him the opportunity he had been seeking all along.
Racquel was unique and for the first time since he'd begun fucking Heather, someone else got to him in that same way. Someone else made him feel similar emotions and desires, she was sensual and beautiful and everything a man could want in a woman. Compassionate. Smart. Sexy, but in that subtle way that she didn't flaunt it, it was just _there_. She made Bryan work for her favors; she hadn't just given it up after a few dates. That was okay, Bryan liked the challenge. She was 2 years older than he was, but it didn't matter to either of them. They had so much in common, liking the same food, hating Starbucks "Bat-Piss" coffee, enjoying Anime and the films of Miyazaki and Kon.
Bryan realized he was in love with Racquel, but knew damned well he wouldn't be able to stop having sex with Heather. He knew he could stop for a little while, but Heather's allure would slowly, deliberately draw him back into her bed and the raunchy, almost artful way she made love to him. He was torn and conflicted, but he didn't stop seeing Racquel and he didn't stop fucking Heather.
As it turned out, he didn't have to.
Bryan discovered Racquel's family secret after he and Racquel had been going out for a while. He had gone over to her home at her request; sure this was "the night". He discovered his near-virgin girlfriend in bed with her mother and sister, who had long been practitioners of family sex. He was rooted to the spot as he watched Ingrid and Carrie make love to Racquel and show her the beauty of woman-to-woman love and that nothing was wrong with loving someone in your own family. Racquel didn't take long to get into it and she saw the light of day just as Bryan coughed and was discovered watching. Invited to join in the fun, he became a part of their family that very afternoon. True, Racquel had been unaware of her family's perversions, but took to them like a duck to water. It was an amazing sight to watch his brunette girlfriend and the other 2 blondes eating each other's cunts like they'd been doing it forever. Swedish-born Ingrid and her daughter Carrie were two of the hottest, fuckiest sluts Bryan had ever known and they'd kept Bryan on his toes all evening. Now that he was finally fucking Racquel, he was even more conflicted, but he didn't want to stop screwing Heather, he just _couldn't_. Their love might have been taboo, but that didn't make it any less real.
Luckily, Racquel and her family had no issue with his continuing his familial romps with Heather. Ingrid was behind him while Carrie was eating her pussy and Racquel was sucking his dick during a mid-afternoon romp. A few days had passed and Bryan was nearly exhausted, but he wasn't dumb enough to turn down any opportunities to party with these She-Devils.
"Bryan darling, we don't want you to have to give up Heather. We all feel the more, the merrier, right darlings?" Ingrid stated. Her daughters spoke words of agreement as best they could, being otherwise occupied.
Bryan wasn't sure what to do – Heather had been in a snit for a while, she seemed jealous of Racquel. His gorgeous girlfriend took the bull by the horns. She invited Heather to lunch, flirted outrageously with the openly-bi Heather and seduced her easily. Then she let the other two women in her family loose on the redhead, who turned her inside-out. Heather's jealousy vanished in a wave of lesbian sex the likes of which she'd never seen before. Knowing Racquel didn't want ownership of her brother, just wanted to love him, eased Heather's mind considerably.
When Heather and Bryan bedded their mother, their next call was to Ingrid. She invited the willowy brunette to lunch that turned into breakfast. The two Moms had become inseparable, Ingrid found Brigit absolutely delightful in the bedroom and a lovely, intelligent companion as well.
It was Heather and their Mom that pushed Bryan into proposing to Racquel. "We'd never have to worry again, you big dope – and think of all the extra pussy you'd be getting." Heather smiled. "Hell, think of all the extra pussy _I'd_ be getting."
Bryan certainly couldn't refute her logic and with a number of job offers coming his way next year, they wouldn't have to struggle. Financially, Ingrid offered assistance, his Mom throwing another incentive into the package.
"Ingrid's asked me to move in with her and Carrie after the divorce Bryan, and I'm giving it serious thought. The house is too big for me, but it'd be perfect for you and Racquel, so I could give it to you as a Wedding Gift, if you like. Heather wouldn't even have to move out," Brigit winked.
Bryan asked his father for a loan, he found a nice diamond ring he was sure Racquel would like and gathered up his courage. He called his girlfriend and invited her to dinner, she insisted on cooking them dinner, but Bryan stood his ground. He didn't want the other two in the household dragging him off to bed and distracting him – this was _their_ moment, his and Racquel's. Despite the constant undercurrent of sexual passion between them, he wanted the moment he proposed to be as romantic as any other proposal.
Bryan took great pains to prepare everything, the wine at the restaurant, he got a haircut, he had his best suit Dry-Cleaned, he had Heather check him from head to toe and give him a "Thumb's Up" when she was done. He made his way to the restaurant and when he saw Racquel, in a long black dress, hair piled high on her head, dangly silver earrings illuminating her beautiful face, he almost chickened out. Why would someone this sensual and sophisticated accept his proposal of marriage?
Swallowing his butterflies, Bryan popped the question anyway and Racquel shrieked so loudly they probably heard her in Toronto. "YesYes **YES**!" She yelled and all the people in the restaurant clapped and cheered.
After he slipped the ring on her finger, the couple sat together, enjoying their wine and held hands. Racquel leaned close to Bryan and whispered "What about ... you know ... the situation with _Heather_ ... and _my_ family ... and the rest of _your_ family, for that matter?" Racquel had no issues with Bryan and his Mother or his Aunt, but she wanted to make sure their future would be unimpeded.
"You kidding? Heather and Mom are both 100% behind this and why would I want you to stop loving your family? This is all perfect for everyone concerned, don't you think so?"
Racquel's lips curled into a lovely smile and she leaned forward and kissed her new fiancé. "I do."
Bryan chuckled. "Remember, you'll be saying that again in a few months."
With the support of their families behind them, Bryan and Racquel decided not to wait too long for their wedding. With help from both mothers and lots of financing from Ingrid, the Wedding was swiftly arranged. Their friend Brandi and her group of caterers were booked, a hall rented, invitations sent out, musicians, flowers, music – all of it lovely and the day itself was superb, sun shining and warm.
After saying their vows, Racquel took her new husband aside, insisting that Heather come with them. She handed her husband and new sister-in-law an envelope and told them both to open it.
"This is Mom's Wedding Gift to us, with a teeny bit of prodding from me," The new bride smiled.
Inside the envelope were 3 Airplane tickets to a resort in Maui.
"Three tickets? I don't understand?" Bryan said, puzzled.
"Me either."
"It's really quite simple," replied Racquel. "The two of us are going to be sharing this big stud from now on and I think we should start out our lives together that way. When we get back from our honeymoon, I want Heather to stay in the house with us, if my new husband doesn't object. If Heather has no objections, I would also like her to come along on our honeymoon and share the joyous occasion with us."
Heather's eyes filled with tears and she hugged her new sister-in-law tight, kissing her with love. The love began to flicker into passion, but Bryan wisely separated the twosome. "Plenty of time for that later, when no one's the wiser," he chuckled. Heather's friend Vickie walked by at that moment and winked. Vickie was one of the attendees at the wedding who was in on their secret, as was Brandi, their sexy caterer and someone he and Heather had both enjoyed on occasions. Brandi was also growing close to Aunt Alexus, with whom she was chatting at the moment.
The remainder of the reception was very nice, lively, with good food and dancing, but for the newlyweds and their redheaded playmate, it seemed to go on forever. Shortly after 2 AM, they made their journey to the Hotel Suite Ingrid had booked for them, a cover story for Heather had been arranged for those "not in the know" – she was going away with Ingrid's family to a Beach Resort. The trio were happier than they'd ever been, but too exhausted to do anything _that_ night but sleep.
That wasn't the case on the plane, or the Taxi ride to the Hotel, or for anything after. Heather openly displayed her affection for her brother-lover but didn't neglect her new sister-in-law, kissing her and pleasing her whenever she could. In the Taxi, she boldly slid her hand up Racquel's silky thigh and under her skirt, stroking her bare pussy idly. Racquel had to bite her lip from moaning out loud.
Once ensconced in their hotel, the threesome didn't even want to go sight- seeing or have dinner. There was only one thing on their minds and it was _fucking_ – the girls got changed immediately, Bryan waiting in eager anticipation. Heather was the first to emerge, wearing the lacy black body- stocking and looking like the hottest sex-kitten on the planet. She danced and did a little teasing, but was so hot to feel her lover-brother's cock; she tackled him to the bed and was swarming all over him when Racquel emerged.
"If this is all a dream, don't wake me up," Bryan sighed as his wife began yanking his trousers down his legs.
"No dream lover, but you've got your work cut out for you tonight," Racquel purred.
"If he poops out, we've always got _each other_ ," Heather teased.
"Hey, that's right," Racquel giggled, sharing a sweet tongue kiss with Heather. Bryan just watched and enjoyed the two women he loved most – who were now and forever all _his_ – and enjoyed the view of their hands and lips playing together.
In that particular moment, Bryan didn't exist – the girls had become very close in the intervening months and they were now wrapped in each other's arms, the lingerie peeled off with sexy little tugs and yanks. The contrast in their skin tone, the taller Racquel against petite Heather, one curvier than the other, their movements as they played, Heather's fingers grazing along the smooth lines of Racquel's back, Heather's nipples growing pert and erect under Racquel's expert caresses. Bryan still couldn't reconcile the near-virgin Racquel had been months ago with the seductive, wild woman he was watching pleasure his naughty sister.
"Hey, neglected husband here," Bryan laughed.
"Oh, I guess we should pay some attention to him," Racquel smiled, rolling away from Heather. She moved towards her husband's cock while Heather moved to Bryan's face – next to Racquel's family, Bryan was the best pussy-licker she knew, but he had been getting _lots_ of practice.
" _Fuck_ , this brother of mine sure knows how to lick a pussy!" Heather exclaimed as her sister-in-law wriggled down on her husband's cock. The girls leaned close and began kissing each other tenderly with no small amount of passion, but this was their first real fuck as a family. Their tits mashed together as they played and Bryan enjoyed the visible loving between his two sweethearts while he did his utmost to bring pleasure to them both.
Racquel loved her new family almost as much as she loved her own – and now they could _all_ enjoy the pleasures of the flesh she herself had come to savor over the last number of months. Heather was so adorable, but you'd be smart not to underestimate her, when she got going sexually, she went from adorable to on fire within minutes. Heather's hands were playing with Racquel's tits as she fucked her new husband, rolling her hips the way she knew he liked, feeling his veiny, meaty cock filling her cunt nicely. Sightseeing could wait until tomorrow, tonight was for honeymoon _fucking!_
"Harder darling, really give it to me lover, Heather, lick my tits baby, that's it, bite my nipples, you little _slut_ , God, I fucking love you both!" Racquel groaned as her cunt clamped hard around her husband's prick. Every inch of her body felt alive and as Heather mashed her red-haired cunt into her brother's face, Racquel knew she'd never been this happy and there were _years_ more of this to come!
"Come on and fuck him, I love watching you fuck him!" Racquel groaned, removing herself from Bryan's cock. Heather got on top and wiggled her tight little pussy against her brother-husband, because that's what he _was_ now. Nothing was ever splitting them up, they could fuck to their heart's delight and Racquel would be happy for them both. Her lithe little body bounced up and down and she felt Racquel's hands on her tits and turned to kiss the caramel- skinned beauty passionately. Her body fucked with precision, she knew what Bryan liked better than anyone, but over time, she decided she would teach Racquel all her little tricks so that Bryan would never lack for two willing _sluts_ to play with.
Racquel was now where her sister-in-law had been and once again, the girls hugged and embraced sensually as they took advantage of Bryan's remarkable stamina. Heather knew it was hard to exhaust him, but she planned on trying her best. Racquel and Heather winked at each other and increased their pace, moving their bodies frenetically in an effort to make Bryan blow his top. It worked – Bryan's entire body exploded in orgasm and he flooded his sister's cunt with his seed, gushing like he never had before. His new bride jumped off his face and dove face-first into Heather's cunt, licking the flame-red patch like there was no tomorrow, Heather groaning and moaning and begging for more. Bryan was out of action for now, but watching his two hellions, he knew that wouldn't last long.
The following day, a rarity in Maui, it poured rain. Bryan looked at the two beauties still cuddled in bed and said "Well, I guess it's not a very good day for sight-seeing. Either of you got any idea of how we should spend the day?"
The girls looked at each other and then at Brian, shrugging their shoulders as they slipped into a sensual _sixty-nine_ , ignoring him completely. Bryan made a call to Room Service, knowing his sexy lovers were only prepping for the day's activities and trying to get his blood boiling. He made sure to order an extra-large carafe of coffee – they hadn't slept much last night and he wanted to be wide-awake to see every nasty thing his two loves had in store for him.