The Making of Jenny is Copyright (C) 2013 Jennifer Johnson, All rights
reserved. Please do not distribute this story without this message. 
- jenny4@ducksfeet.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This work involves consensual and non-consensual interracial sex between teens 
and teens, teens and adults and teens and horses as well as forced feminization 
and transformation. 

If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Making of Jenny, Part 5: Albert Cums Clean
	We last left Rikki at Albert's having made it with John and Albert.

"Where's John?" I asked.

"He went over to Loretta's to get something. She's just around the corner, he'll 
be back in a few minutes. You OK, little girl?" 

"Yeah I guess so...", I said. 

I really liked being called 'little girl'.

"Why don't you have a seat." 

I sat on the couch in what was starting to become 'my spot'. He asked me if I 
was hungry and if I wanted some lunch. I said I was hungry. 

"Come on, let's go get some chicken." 

"What about John?", I asked, "isn't he going to be back soon?"

"Oh it's OK, we'll get him something, too, and he can let himself in. I know he 
wants to spend more time with us, well, you, really. I think he really likes 
you. Maybe you have a boy friend?" he taunted. 

"What about David?", I asked, "He kept telling me that I was his" 

"You gotta know this about David. You belong to him. I'd say you were his 
property but that makes it sound like he's gonna put you on the street and make 
you a working girl. That's now how it is, you see..."

"What about those men last night?", I interrupted, "What was that all about? Do 
you know about that?"

"Oh yeah, well, you see those dudes were there for a reason. Loretta says you 
need to swallow a lot of cum. You also need to get practice on really big dicks 
and..." 

"Really big dicks?" I interrupted again, this time a little more anxious and 
confused, "Why do I need to get practice? I can suck your cock OK, you seemed 
to like it. John is pretty big and I got him too. What the hell are you talking 
about?" 

"Look, kid,", he continued, "You're David's new project. You'll understand this 
a lot more in a few days but right now things are gonna be a little hectic and 
confused. Don't worry, we're not gonna hurt you."

"David really did run a check on you and we know your name isn't Rick, or, OK, 
wasn't. David checked because you were dressed like you walked out of a youth 
camp -- and you did. Now we're not going to turn you in, but, if you walk away 
from us, you're gonna be just some queer kid on the street. Already because of 
the juice you're going to crave cum. You don't know how much because since you 
have been on it, you've gotten a steady supply. Too bad for you tho, if you 
stop drinking it, it doesn't matter. The hunger is in you now and you will 
always have it. If you leave now, David's project will be incomplete and you 
wont fit in anywhere. If you do get busted you're going down for escape. 
They're not going to send you to the youth ranch again so you're probably going 
to YA. Not only will you're life be a hell there those boys are gonna rape you 
all the time and the bad part is you're going to want their cum so bad you will 
keep letting it go on." 

I was stunned. I think he was right about the cravings but it had only been 
about 18 hours so far that I started the juice. I figured out, from the things 
he just told me and what Loretta said that my body is in for some big changes. 
I had always wanted to be a girl but, now that I was faced with what seemed 
like a certainty of it, now, the reality was setting in. I may never see my mom 
and dad or my sisters again. 

Albert saw the look of sadness cross my face and said, "Hey, don't get so sad. 
You may like the way things work out and if you don't like us you may find 
someone you can hook up with later on. Just give us a few days. In a way you'll 
have less to lose then than you do now.

"Now, John, he's a good kid and he really likes you. He's not going to hurt you. 
He doesn't know about any of this. He just knows you're a pretty girl -- and 
you really are -- that he likes. He knows you were a boy once. He doesn't know 
you were a boy on Monday." 

"He comes over and hangs out at my place to get away from his parents and 
sometimes when he cuts school. I shouldn't let him come over when he's cutting 
but he's having a hard time all around."

"See his mom's white and his dad is Colombian. They don't seem to like each 
other and they say some pretty fucked up shit about each other's races. 
Sometimes John's dad knocks her and him around. It's really fucked up and he's 
got nowhere to go that people just let him be. At least at my place he can hang 
out. I don't let him drink too much beer and no other booze. He don't smoke too 
much pot and I think it's just relaxes him."

"He's fifteen like you – yes I know you're not seventeen – he can't get a 
job without his parents' permission and they don't stop fighting long enough to 
do that." 

"What about you and him?", I asked, "Why did he say you gave him head?"

"Well I did once. I wanted him to feel a little power. I don't think you would 
understand." 

"But well, what about..."

"As for you and John," he continued, interrupting my stammering, "You look good 
together. I know he really likes you, he couldn't stop talking about you while 
you were in the shower. You can't let him go too much. Loretta might be better 
to tell you these things, but, a girl shouldn't give a guy what he wants all 
the time. If he gets it all the time he loses desire after a while. Being coy 
with him will keep him wanting you."

"You know...", he continued, "Maybe he likes it, too, that you understand boys 
too. He normally seems very skittish about girls. It's not that he doesn't like 
them but he doesn't know any other than school. He sure took a shine to you. If 
all you want to do is suck face with him, that's OK. Its pretty normal for kids 
your age. Now let's go get some chicken." 

We got up and went around the corner to a grocery/deli and got some fried 
chicken wings and potato salad along with some cokes and some more beer. 

When we got back John was in the kitchen waiting. Albert put the beer and most 
of the cokes away and put some wings on plates along with potato salad and a 
coke for each of us. 

"Hey Johnny, do you like the name Rikki?", Albert asked, "I am not so sure about 
it. Just kind of a working title. What names do you like?" 

John put down his wing and wiped his mouth. "Umm... Jenny? Jennifer. Yep, 
Jennifer." 

"What do you think? How about you?" Albert asked, looking at me. 

"Do I have that choice? Shouldn't that be David's choice?" I heard myself ask. 


"You can have any name you want. Do you want to be Jenny?"

"OK", I said, picking up another wing. I really liked the name. 

With all the serious discussion and being hit with some hard stuff I was now 
mostly ignoring, I had forgotten that John had gone to Loretta's. I wondered 
what it was he had gone to get. 

"Hey where did you go, dude?", I asked. 

"Oh I went to get something for you at Loretta's. But you can't have them until 
tomorrow." 

"What?" 

"It's a surprise. Don't worry, it's cool." 

We finished eating and Albert said he had to do some work and make some calls. 
It occurred to me that I didn't know what Albert did for work. 

"You kids entertain yourself", he said, leaving the room, laughing a little, 
"I'm sure you will find something to do."

"Hey, let's go out back, bring your smokes." John said. 

We went to the yard and sat on a large outdoor bench with thick padding in the 
shade. The fruit tree was just starting to fruit. Some jasmine was growing 
around the pole for the porch. 

"Those flowers smell really good, so does the fruit on that tree." I commented. 


"You smell better!" John said with a quick grin and kissed me on the cheek with 
a wink. 

He pulled out a joint and we got a nice buzz in the late afternoon sun. I leaned 
against the back of the couch but John sat back and pulled my head in his lap. 
I closed my eyes in the bright sun and drifted off. 

I woke up alone in the bedroom. It had gotten dark so it must be after eight 
o'clock. I was a little angry, I didn't want to sleep all day like that. I 
guessed John had gone home and I was sad I didn’t get to say goodbye. 

"Wasn't David going to pick me up?" I wondered. 

Just then there was a knock on the door and David entered.

"Sorry, Rikki, I mean Jenny, I didn't want to wake you. Albert said you fell 
asleep in John's lap. He carried you in here when he went home. You still want 
that pizza?" 

"Not really. I don't want to eat. Man, what's gonna happen to me? Albert said 
some weird shit. Why am I your project? What are you doing with me?" 

"Shh... don't worry, little girl, we're not going to hurt you. We gotta go, 
though. Grab your stuff and come with me." 

I grabbed my paper bag as we were leaving the house. I was still pretty relaxed 
from the weed and slumped in the front seat of David's car. He handed me my 
bag. 

"You missed a dose. You need to drink both of those now." 

I took out both jars and drank them. It was a lot. I felt a little queasy. 

David told me "You look a little green there, kiddo! Don't worry, it will go 
away soon. That stuff soaks into ya pretty fast. You sure you're not hungry? I 
can get you a burger or something." 

We hit a drive-thru on the way back to David's, It was close to 11 by the time 
we settled in. 

"We got a long day tomorrow. We have to take a bit of a drive.", he said. 

"Where to?" 

"Elk Grove, down on 99 a little ways, to see some friends of mine. They have a 
nice little horse ranch down there. You like horses?" 

I nodded. 

"You'll like these. They breed racehorses there. Well that and those horses that 
pull the Budweiser wagon... You know, um, Clydesdale. Man those things are big. 
You gotta be careful around them.

Now let's get to bed.", he said, walking to his bedroom, "come on little girl." 


As I lay in bed I thought about riding horses in green meadows. 

