Oops Wrong
Written by Perry Jones aka P.F.Jones
Copyright (c) 2013, by Perry Jones, ALL Rights Reserved


Marcia had the hots for one of her classmates.  She is 15 now and allowed to date.  Her intended is 16 having been held back a year when he had a long illness while in second grade.  His name is Mark and he is tall, solidly build with clearly defined muscles as a result of working out and helping on the family farm in the summer.

Mark is a shy boy though coming out of his shell now that several of the cheerleaders have made attempts to date him.  Marcia slipped him a note in Algebra class inviting him over on Saturday.  Her parents would be out of town for the day and it would give her time to be alone with him, hopefully in her bed.

Marcia had made sure everything was in order.  She had gotten vaginal birth control suppositories since she was allergic to the hormones in the Pill.  She wanted this to be au natural with Mark.

Mark read the note and memorized the address then swallowed it so he wouldn't get caught. Marcia smiled when she saw him actually eat her note.

Friday night Mark made his plans to visit Marcia the next day.  He washed his Schwinn bicycle, since he didn't have a car and pack his backpack with a change of clothes and his swim trunks plus a snack.  He slept fitfully that night.

The next morning he was up bright and early and after saying good-bye to his parents and sister, he rode off to meet his friend Marcia.

About an hour later he arrived at the door.  He knocked twice and waited.  A younger teen girl answered the door and he said he was here to see Marcia.  

The girl looked at him and said, "I'm Marcia who are you?"

"I'm Mark and my classmate passed me a note saying Marcia was alone today and that she wanted to see me."

At this point he realized that either he remembered the wrong address or the Marcia in his class played him for a sucker.  "I'm sorry." He said. "It appears there has been some mistake.  I must have gotten the wrong address."

"Oh no." she said.  "I am all alone here today and  well  I don't know who this other Marcia is but I am glad you are here.  Won't you come in?"

Mark parked his bike alongside the house and locked it up and then went inside with this Marcia.  She was wearing shorts, a crop top that was filled out a little bit.  She had a lovely butt on her that jiggled when she walked.  She was about 5 feet tall with medium length brown hair and had brown eyes.

Mark could not believe this. After putting his backpack down he went with her to the kitchen for some drinks and getting to know each other.  He could see she was fidgety so he reached out and touched her hand.

She accepted his touch and gave him a squeeze back.  She then suggested they take a swim in her pool.

Two hours later they were lying on the lounger together and he had her bikini top off and was licking a nipple while caressing the other breast.  She and he had been making out and he knew it was only a matter of time, minutes actually, and he would be fully inserted in her young pussy.  

Actually she began tugging at his trunks since he was hard and leaking precum in them.  He helped her and then he untied the two ties holding her bottoms.  He began kissing down her belly towards his goal, her slick bare pussy.  It appeared she had no hair on her pubes and her vulva lips were still very tight.

He gave her a lick and she spread her legs letting him have at her jewel.  She was still a virgin at age 13.  She purposely didn't tell him her age.  She knew he was older and today she wanted him and him only to take her virginity.  

It was just a short time later that his penis was lying in her split though not positioned to rip into her.  He was just stroking along her slot and hitting her clit on each forward push.  She was squirming under him and moaning for him to "Take me! Put it in me, Mark" 

She was now very wet as he gently lifted her legs and raised himself.  His 6 inches of hard cock slipped right down to her entrance and she nearly swooned with emotion as she realized she was soon be a woman.  His crown found her wet indention and he pressed into her.  He felt a barrier that was her hymen and he realized this was her first time.  He knew the importance of this having captured one other virgin and doing it wrong.  

Leaning down, he soothed her and kissed her lips.  She opened her mouth and he slipped his tongue to hers.  At the same time he pressed a bit harder and she sucked his tongue.  He pulled back a bit and then thrust hard tearing into her hymen and brying his cock head about two inches into her.  

She bucked and yelped as her virginity was torn from her.  She grasped him in a tight hug and threw her legs around his to keep him from going deeper.  

He held her tightly for a few minutes and whispered to her that it was done and let the pain go away.  Soon it would be pleasure and she would forget the pain she endured.  He kissed her tears away and then pressed gently but firmly into her unused vagina.  Each push gained him more ground and soon he as pube to pube with her.  His balls were churning and he knew he wouldn't last much longer.  

He pulled back about halfway and she screamed, "NO! NO!  Don't take it out!"

He thrust again burying himself deep inside her and then he began a small rotation of his cock along with some short strokes.

He felt her heated tightness now squeezing him in spasms and knew she was getting her come too.  His come started the journey and his cock swelled as he pushed tight to her depths and then he spewed his baby juice deep inside her.  She continued to lock her legs about him and she was spasming, milking him now to get all of his sperm she could.

He collapsed on her almost smothering her.  He felt her hard nipples pressing into his chest.  She locked her arms around him and said, "Roll over and put me on top, You're heavy."

He did and she now lay on him joined, mated though some of his sperm was leaking now from her as he began wilting to normal size.  

They both napped for almost an hour.  When they awoke they kissed and he had gotten hard once again.  He found her entrance and had her sit up on him.  She got the full length of him now and was in control of her own feelings and movements.  She jerked and rode him hard until she was out of breath and sore.  He rolled her over and continued his thrusting until he filled her once more.

He kissed her and then let her rest alone while he got up and covered her with a sheet.  He went to the shower and cleaned himself up.  It was getting dark and he had about an hour bike ride to get back home.

When he was ready to leave he took down her phone number from the phone and kissed her.  She was still sound asleep.  

On the way home he thought back on the day and wondered just what would have happened if he had been with his classmate.  When he got home there was a message on the phone.  

"Hi, Mark??  It's Marcia.  Where are you?  It's 4 o'clock and you didn't come over.  Call me."

'Wow' he thought.  Maybe I messed up the address.  Oh! Well I will apologize and write it down this time.

He called her back a couple of hours later, too late to meet her.  He explained, lied, that he couldn't remember her address and rode all around her street but didn't see her. 

She gave him her address and he had transposed the last two digits of her address.  She was across the street from the Marcia he had fucked.

------

Two weeks later he and the real Marcia, from his class, did get together for a wonderful day alone together.  As he was leaving her house to go home, he saw the other Marcia, from across the street.  

"Hi Mark, you got a minute?"  she asked.

"Sure,  what's up?"

"I'm moving this week.  Dad and mom are not happy with me since I got pregnant.  We are moving to Nebraska to be near relatives.  I told them I didn't know who the boy was." She said tearfully.

"Oh I'm sorry to hear that.  I thought you were protected."  

"Un Huh I didn't know I would get pregnant the first time doing it and I hadn't had a period yet."

I apologized again but told her to write me.. I gave her my email address. 

She gave me hers and I then rode off to home.

The oops was my fault since I went to the wrong address and she was fertile.  

The End
