TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

Part 5, Cruel Pleasures

By Dickins

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

As the ladies discussed the entertainments it came as no surprise
to them to hear the sounds of reprimands and smacks as Miss
Fletcher abused the sisters before they left her care. However,
these glorious sounds were interrupted by the door of the
porters lodge closing and then the sound of horses hooves and
carriage wheels coming into the courtyard signalling the end to
what had been a most pleasurable afternoon.

For both Miss Fletcher and Beatrice, massaging the special blend
of oils that the sadistic nun had given them into the sisters
already sore bottoms, thighs and genitals was most enjoyable,
especially as they needed to smack and pinch them hard in order
to bring their blood to the surface. This would make their
journey most uncomfortable and with the leather seats slippery
with their oil it would prove almost impossible for them to
remain still and would provide yet another excuse to punish them.

For Sister Sapphire allowing such a clumsy girl as Beatrice to be
taken into service as a parlour maid was not only satisfying but
would also give her the opportunity to make unannounced visits to
Marlborough Hall to enjoy watching her being punished as she
struggles to learn her new role.

For Lady Marlborough the thought of the bumpy ride home was
sending delicious vibrations through her rubber cock, especially
as the little tarts had been left in no doubt about just what
would happen if they did not co-operate. Knowing that they were
likely to serve their purpose well also went a long way to
justifying all the effort that had gone into their cruel
selection.

For Jane the thought of abusing the little darlings in the
carriage was just as exciting as the afternoon entertainments,
especially as their last serving of the special lemonade would
have made their already painful bottoms, thighs and genitals even
more sensitive and the confined space of the Brougham would leave
them little or no room to wriggle free from their abusive
ordeals.

In Helen, she was certain that the girl would go a long way to
providing the ideal entertainment for her mistresss guests and
it would please her mother to have such a lovely little tart to
soothe and comfort after being ravished by them. In Emily
however, she was as yet uncertain as to her role but knew that
those involved in her training would certainly enjoy moulding her
and she was confident that the child would do anything to please,
especially if it meant avoiding being punished.

Suddenly the door to the adjoining room opened and Beatrice came
out flushed and full of excitement.

Please Sister! Miss Fletcher has told me to tell you that Helen
and Emily have been prepared as you instructed and are waiting
aboard the carriage, Beatrice explained.

Thank you Beatrice! Now go and help Miss Fletcher to keep them
calm until we arrive, Sister Sapphire replied.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied, scurrying out of the parlour.

As Sister Sapphire accompanied her quests to their carriage she
handed Lady Marlborough some bottles of the specially blended
oils that she had prepared for Miss Fletcher in no doubt that she
would find plenty of use for them and then reflected on what had
been a most pleasant afternoon in the company of her good friend
and her companion.

Lady Marlborough also reminded her good friend just how fortunate
she was to have Miss Fletcher as a court escort, not only because
she brought her fresh little darlings, but because during the
welcome she possessed a real skill in humiliating and cruelly
abusing them.

Outside in the courtyard the afternoon sun made the Brougham look
resplendent and the horses clearly refreshed from being stabled
out of the heat. As Lady Marlborough approached, the driver
indicated his intention to keep his part of the bargain and try
his best to earn that extra shilling.

Inside the carriage the sisters had been made to sit together
with Emily in the middle and Beatrice at her side. This ensured,
at least at the start of the journey, that there was little room
on the seat for any movement and all three girls wore their new
uniforms but the sisters kilts had been removed so that their
oil covered bottoms and thighs would not spoil the fabric.

Not one for spending time with farewells especially as she knew
that she and her good friend would be meeting again very soon,
Lady Marlborough and Jane climbed aboard the Brougham and sat
down opposite their prey adjusting their rubber cocks to make
themselves more comfortable as they sank back into the leather
seats that had been generously filled with horsehair.

Beatrice! Come and sit between us, Lady Marlborough ordered,
which meant that there was now an empty space next to Emily.

With a tap on the roof the driver flicked his whip and made the
horses walk on and then out of the courtyard and slowly down the
steep drive. As they passed the front of the orphanage Jane was
once more drawn to the windows but alas there were no curious
little faces peering out at them this time.

Now listen carefully! You are to sit still and there is to be no
fidgeting or you will be punished, do you hear me? Miss Jenkins
said.

Yes Miss, the sisters chorused, the special lemonade making
Emily giggle.

Pass me my carpetbag, Lady Marlborough told Jane with a smile
and pointed to its location. The black leather carpetbag, which
she always kept in the carriage, contained all the implements and
accessories she considered to be necessary to keep order in the
carriage whilst away from Marlborough Hall.

Now listen to me! You are very lucky to have been selected.
Believe me, you would not have liked being left at that orphanage
with its daily regime of menial chores and cruel punishments.
Instead, Miss Jenkins has given you the chance to prove your
willingness to please, but make no mistake about it, if you do
not, then you will be punished, do you understand? Lady
Marlborough asked sternly, withdrawing a supple leather strap
from the carpetbag and handing it to Jane with a smile.

Helen was reluctant to answer and Emily started to cry so Miss
Jenkins took the opportunity to reprimand them.

You will answer when you are asked a question, she said
sternly.

Then standing up, she brought the strap down hard several times
across their exposed thighs making them scream deliciously and
when she sat down an orgasm caused by the combination of their
screams and the motion of the rubber cock tore through her body.

Now! Apologise to Miss Jenkins, Lady Marlborough ordered.

Sorry Miss, they chorused.

Now listen to me! Miss Jenkins is in charge now and you will do
as she tells you. If you do not, then you will be punished again,
do you understand? Lady Marlborough asked.

Yes Miss, they sobbed.

Beatrice watched excitedly and desperately hoped that she would
be in some way involved, especially with little Emily whom she
had enjoyed abusing so much under Miss Fletchers watchful eye.

As the carriage left the smooth surface of the orphanage drive
and turned onto the country lane it was then that the excitement
started to build and having promised the driver an extra shilling
for his efforts they did not have to wait long before the
potholes and ruts made the carriage bounce and rock bringing them
the pleasures they so dearly craved.

With a crack of his whip the driver sent the two dapple-grey
horses into a spirited trot and the sisters quickly found that
they were unable to stop themselves from sliding about on their
oiled bottoms and thighs and Helen being the heaviest knocked
little Emily sideways making her bump into the side of the
carriage and then completely off the seat onto to the floor in
front of a delighted Beatrice.

"You clumsy child! What did I tell you would happen if you didnt
sit still? Miss Jenkins asked.

Please Miss! I couldnt help it, Emily pleaded.

That makes no difference! Answer my question, Miss Jenkins said
abruptly.

That I would be punished Miss, Emily replied nervously.

As the carriage rocked and bounced Emily was being thrown about
on the floor so Miss Jenkins helped her to regain her seat, but
this act was not out of concern but merely an excuse to fondle
her and to ensure that the oil was   well rubbed into her bottom
and thighs again.

As she helped Emily to climb back up onto the seat it became
apparent to her that Miss Fletcher in her bid to abuse the little
tart for the last time had ensured that her delicate little cunt
and anus had been made painfully sore.

She also suspected that it would be the same for her sister who
remained as still as she could to avoid being punished, but
grimmest deliciously as the friction from the drying oil on the
leather seat started to burn her bottom and thighs.

Do you think that Emily deserves to be punished? Lady
Marlborough asked Beatrice.

Yes Miss! She needs to learn some self-control, Beatrice
replied with a smile, her breathing starting to increase.

"Right! In that case, you can be the one to punish her," Miss
Jenkins told a delighted Beatrice.

Thank you Miss! Beatrice said excitedly.

To Beatrices delight, Lady Marlborough withdrew from her
carpetbag a cruel looking hairbrush, one that had a solid wooden
back and stiff bristles and handed it to her.

However, her hopes of using the bristle side of the hairbrush on
Emilys little bottom and thighs, something that she had done
many times to great effect when punishing the little ones in her
dormitory, were cruelly dashed when the carriage suddenly swerved
and came to an abrupt halt.

Now young lady! Do not think that you have escaped punishment
because you have not, Lady Marlborough explained to Emily,
putting the cruel looking hairbrush back into her carpetbag and
smiling at Beatrice.

As raised voices were heard outside the seriousness of the
situation became apparent, not least that their unconventional
activities might be discovered, so the sisters were quickly made
to stand up and after wiping away what oil was still left on the
seat and floor they were made to put their kilts back on again.

Enquiring of the driver as to what the commotion was about Lady
Marlborough was told that a woman had been walking with a little
girl along the country lane when the pace of the carriage had
frightened the child and one of the horses had jinked causing him
to swerve.

On further questioning, the woman told him that she often became
over excited and that she would be soundly punished just as soon
as she got her home. Not one for passing up an opportunity to
meet like-minded women, especially those who could be persuaded
to punish children for entertainment, Lady Marlborough gave the
driver instructions to offer them a ride home.

This would not only act as a reward for the interruption to their
pleasures, but would give her the opportunity to persuade the
woman, who clearly took her responsibility for the childs
discipline seriously, to punish her now rather than having to
wait until she got her home.

Weary from walking in the heat of the afternoon sun, the woman
accepted the offer and after giving directions to the driver
lifted the child up into the carriage and then climbed aboard
herself.

To make room, Jane had already made Helen and Emily slide apart
so that the woman could sit between them with the child on her
lap. For those sitting opposite, this gave a first view of the
little girl who was wearing a short pinafore dress, white ankle
socks and black shoes and had a ribbon in her hair.

To their delight, as the woman sat back into the deep leather
seat she lifted the little girl up onto her lap, not as you would
expect with her arms around her, but by placing her hands under
the childs knees and bringing them right back giving a
tantalising view of her delicious little cunt and anus as she was
not wearing any undergarments. This could have been due to the
heat, but it is more likely that this woman enjoyed having the
freedom to punish her at will. This was quite apparent from her
handy work, as marks consistent with a recent punishment adorned
the childs pale little bottom and thighs.

Once everyone was sitting comfortably, Lady Marlborough tapped on
the roof and the driver made the horses walk on. This had the
effect of making the atmosphere in the carriage appear tranquil,
but more importantly provided more time for them to get to know
their guests.

Welcome aboard! Lady Marlborough announced.

Thank you Madam, the woman replied, the familiar smell of oil
making her feel relaxed.

My name is Lady Marlborough and this is my companion Miss
Jenkins. We were in the process of escorting these three girls
from St Agathas orphanage to Marlborough Hall when our journey
was abruptly halted by this very naughty little girl, Lady
Marlborough said curtly.

My lady! My name is Edna Allsop and this is my daughter Alice
and we were on our way home to Markem. I apologise for her
behaviour but she often gets over excited, a condition that I
have found from experience can only really be effectively
controlled by sound punishments, Edna explained.

My stepdaughter suffers from the same condition and I do agree
that the most effective way of controlling her is with sound
punishments. You said you were on your way to Markem. Do you by
any chance know of its confectionary shop? Lady Marlborough
asked with a smile.

Oh yes my lady! We often visit. I remember the first time. It
was not long after her father had passed away and we had just
moved to the village. Alice got so over excited seeing all the
sweets and cakes that she knocked one of the display stands over.
However, the owner, I forget his name, instead of drawing
attention to the matter in front of his customers replaced the
stand and took me to one side and asked if she behaved like that
often. I said that she did but when I told him that I was going
to punish her as soon as I got her home he just smiled and
suggested that I should try some of his special lozenges, ones
that he kept under the counter, Edna explained.

Did he explain what effects the lozenges would have? Jane
enquired.

Yes Madam! He explained that giving her one lozenge as soon as
she got over excited would help to calm her down, then by giving
her another one just as soon as I got her home, that would
greatly increase the time I had to punish her, a fact that I can
attest too as I have been purchasing them ever since, Edna
explained.

Did he suggest anything else? Lady Marlborough enquired.

Yes my lady! He suggested that I should try massaging some oil
into her bottom and thighs prior to punishing her to make her
skin more sensitive, Edna explained.

Did you try using some oil? Jane enquired.

Yes Madam! I can certainly vouch for the effect it has, Edna
replied.

Not wanting to make reference to the partners, men who had only
the other day ravished her stepdaughter after giving her lozenges
similar to the ones that Edna was talking about, Lady Marlborough
made no mention of them but came to the conclusion that she was
just as passionate about abusing Alice as she was Hannah.

How old are you Alice?" Jane asked.

There was an awkward silence.

I am sorry Madam, but one of the effects of the lozenge I gave
her to calm her down is that it subdues her and I doubt that you
will be able to have a meaningful conversation with her at
present. However, I am pleased to tell you that she can still
scream most delightfully when she is being punished, Edna
replied.

We understand! Lady Marlborough said.

How old is your daughter? Jane asked.

"She will be eight in a couple of days," Edna replied.

She is very pretty! Do you enjoy punishing her? Lady
Marlborough asked with a smile.

There was another awkward silence.

In her mind Lady Marlborough was formulating plans for this newly
discovered little darling, one of which was to invite them both
to Marlborough Hall to celebrate Alices eighth birthday. She was
confident that she would be able to find like-minded women who
would be only too eager to help out and other little girls her
age to make the party appear normal in time. However, once the
drugged refreshments had been consumed, they would all find out
just how vulnerable they were to being abused and tortured as
they played the cruel party games.

There is no need to deny it to us. Miss Jenkins and I share your
passion for humiliating and abusing children, especially when
they have been drugged and are not in any condition to stop us,
Lady Marlborough told her with a smile.

Oh yes! I do my lady. Since her father died I have been left to
bring her up on my own and I have found that her sometimes
unpredictable behaviour is most effectively dealt with by
methodical and lengthy punishments, Edna replied, this time with
a lot more confidence.

How do you punish her? Lady Marlborough probed.

Well my lady! When she gets over excited and the lozenges have
helped calm her down, I take my time to massage some oil into her
bottom and thighs and then give a sound spanking and I do not
stop until her screams and writhing have given me at least one
orgasm, Edna explained, a look of relief on her face as she got
to finally admit to her passion.

Now listen! You have nothing to fear from us by admitting to
your passion, Lady Marlborough told her, delighted to have found
in this woman someone who could be persuaded to abuse her child
and let her become the source of some cruel entertainment.

Where do you consider is the best environment to spank her?
Jane asked.

Well Madam! I have found from experience that if I spank her in
her bedroom then I can put her to bed afterwards so she can sleep
off the effects of the lozenges, Edna explained.

Do you have a favourite position? Lady Marlborough asked.

Oh yes my lady! When I have applied the oil and judge her to be
ready, I sit on her bed and stand her facing me and place her
left knee firmly up against my groin. Then I lay her down to my
left, I am right handed you see, in that way I can not only watch
her lovely pale bottom and thighs change colour but I can also
feel the full force of her knee as it grinds against my cunt and
brings me to orgasm, Edna explained, this time with much more
enthusiasm.

That sounds most satisfactory, Jane said.

It certainly is and the beauty of it all is that she never
objects to being spanked when I have given her the lozenges or
ever remembers just how painful it was the next time, so I make
every spanking as hard as I can, in order to get the most from
her writhing, Edna explained with a smile.

You say that you spank Alices bottom and thighs. Have you ever
been tempted to spank her on her genitals? Lady Marlborough
asked.

Again there was an awkward silence.

Madam! I can assure you that these girls are sitting on very
painful bottoms and thighs and in the case of Helen and Emily
also on sore genitals, all as a consequence of my cruel methods
of selection, Jane explained.

Well my lady! I am aware that her genitals would be more
sensitive than her bottom and thighs but I have never spanked her
there. However, I am willing to try if that is what you
recommend, Edna replied with a smile.

You are welcome to spank her now, Lady Marlborough said with a
smile.

But my lady! What if I have an orgasm? Edna enquired.

Now listen! Alice deserves to be soundly spanked for all the
inconvenience she has caused us and we would not be in the
slightest bit offended if you were to have an orgasm, Lady
Marlborough explained.

Thank you my lady! Edna replied.

But I do not have any oil, Edna replied with a real sense of
regret.

That is not a problem. You can use some of ours, Lady
Marlborough said.

That would be most welcome my lady, Edna replied, giving Alice
a lozenge from her pocket, that one being the second within ten
minutes and the one that would seal her fate.

Then with a newly found confidence, Edna lifted Alice up and off
her lap and removed her dress, shoes and socks to leave her
standing naked and turned her slowly around so that everyone
could enjoy her lovely charms. It did not take her long for Edna
to notice the lust in Beatrices eyes and decided to seek
permission for her help.

Would it be alright if Beatrice were to spank her? Edna asked
with a smile.

By all means! She has experience of punishing little girls like
Alice. For example, only this afternoon she helped Miss Fletcher
to give Helen and more particularly Emily the welcome a
particularly painful introduction to life at St Agathas that all
the new girls receive on their arrival. She was also allowed to
discipline the other girls in her dormitory, is that not
correct? Lady Marlborough asked with a smile.

Yes Miss! Sister Argyle who was in charge of our dormitory let
me punish the others because she knew that I had a real passion
for it. Although she had a cruel looking whip dangling from her
waist this was just for intimidation as she preferred to watch
rather than to actually punish them herself. I really enjoyed
punishing them, especially the little ones because their bottoms
and thighs were more sensitive and they struggled and screamed so
delightfully, Beatrice replied.

Do you think that Alice will struggle and scream? Miss Jenkins
asked.

Oh! I do hope so Miss, Beatrice replied her voice full of hope.

How did you punish them? Edna enquired.

Well Miss! I knew that Sister Argyle and the other girls enjoyed
seeing and hearing the punishment, so I let them gather around as
an extra humiliation to the culprit. During the day, I would sit
on a chair by the window with her bottom pointing towards them
and her thighs widely parted. At night, I would place candles on
her bedside table and several pillows under her bottom to lift it
up and make her open her thighs so that we could enjoy her charms
as she struggled. I liked to use the bristle side of my hairbrush
you see, as I found from experience that this was the quickest
and most effective way of achieving the maximum amount of pain
and after their punishments it was not uncommon for the little
minxes to beg me to masturbate them to take away the pain,
Beatrice replied, a clear sign of lust in her eyes.

Well! Did you? Edna enquired.

What! Beatrice replied.

Masturbate them? Edna asked, her affection for Beatrice
starting to grow.

That would depend Miss! Sister Argyle would let me punish the
others but she would not condone me masturbating them as at St
Agathas orphanage that was a sin punishable by a public
whipping, so I had to wait until she had gone to bed. You see I
had a rule that being masturbated was a reward that had to be
earned, so I insisted that they had to endure a sound spanking
before I would even consider that. If they did, then I would
caress their nipples and tease their aching clitorises, if they
did not, then they would have to wait until their next spanking
to prove if they were worthy or not, Beatrice explained.

Did you ever do anything other than masturbate them? Miss
Jenkins enquired.

Oh yes Miss! The regime at St Agathas was very harsh and the
nature of the environment bred a toughness into even the youngest
girls. In my dormitory, those who endured the soundest of
spankings found that I could be persuaded to engage in other
pleasurable activities, Beatrice explained.

This all sounds most interesting, but I asked you what else you
did? Miss Jenkins replied curtly.

I am sorry Miss! Beatrice replied.

There is no need to be sorry! Just tell us what else you did to
help take their pain away, Lady Marlborough said curtly, hardly
able to believe that this was the same girl who not an hour ago
was writhing under her fingers.

I would take advantage of those who were far too nervous,
ashamed or excited to object. I am not talking about just
masturbating them although I would do that, but using them for my
own sexual pleasure, Beatrice explained.

I will not ask you again. Tell us what you did? Miss Jenkins
said, her frustration with the girl starting to show.

In her mind, Jane had already worked out just how painful Helen
and Emilys introduction to her mother was going to be, but
dearly hoped that Beatrices introduction to Mrs Asher would be
just as painful in order to knock some sense into the attractive
but obstinate young tart.

Well Miss! When Sister Argyle had gone to bed and the others
were settled, I would creep over to the girls bed and after
removing my nightgown slip under the covers. As expected I would
be greeted by the warmth of her nakedness and although I might
have visited her many times before I found that getting to know
her contours again exciting. I would toy with her nipples and
slowly grind my clitoris up against hers until we were both
satisfied, Beatrice explained, this time with more confidence.

Did you use any other methods of punishment? Lady Marlborough
asked.

Yes Miss! In the beginning Sister Argyle insisted that I use her
whip, but as my confidence grew I would challenge her orders by
pinching and using my hand before settling for my trusty
hairbrush, Beatrice explained.

Did you find pinching them had the same effect as your
hairbrush? Miss Jenkins enquired.

Well Miss! Perhaps it was not as painful, but I always followed
it with a spanking with the bristle side of the hairbrush to show
who was in charge, Beatrice replied.

Did you have any favourites? Edna asked.

Yes Miss! I did have a few, but I remember one little girl in
particular and her name was Eliza, Beatrice explained.

Tell us about her, Edna requested.

Well Miss! She was a little younger but just as pretty as Alice
and I fell head over heels in love with her as soon as set eyes
on her. As she had been assigned to my dormitory it was my
responsibility to punish her, which was quite often because she
had the knack of getting on the wrong side of Sister Argyle. She
was also timid and struggled and screamed most deliciously as I
spanked her. Eliza was one of those minxes who would beg me to
masturbate her afterwards to take away the pain. Her skin was
pale and sensitive, so filled with lust I could not help but take
full advantage of her nature to bite her nipples and pinch her
clitoris, which caused her to gasp and arch franticly, Beatrice
said, with a broad smile.

Now! If you are going to use oil then the girls will need to
take off their kilts, Lady Marlborough explained, conscious of
the rapid progress that the carriage was making towards the
village of Markem.

Are you ready to spank Alice? Edna asked Beatrice with a smile.

Oh yes Miss! Beatrice replied, quickly removing her kilt and
wrapping her arms tightly around the child to help keep her
still.

Now yours! Miss Jenkins ordered Helen and Emily.

Helen was quick to obey, but Emily hesitated long enough for her
mistress to make her stand up and have her kilt removed. Then to
her horror Emily felt her sore bottom and thighs being soundly
spanked again.

What did I tell you would happen if you did not do as I asked?
Miss Jenkins asked Emily, who was screaming and frantically
trying to rub away the pain.

That I would be punished Miss, Emily replied.

Yes that is correct! When we arrive I am going to introduce you
both to my mother, but you Emily are going to find out just what
real pain feels like, Miss Jenkins explained to the crying
child.

Lady Marlborough handed one of the bottles of specially blended
oils to Edna who slowly massaged the contents into Alices bottom
and thighs and then for the very first time into the delicate
folds of her vulva and anus. This would not only make her skin
more sensitise but helped by the lozenges would make her spanking
much more enjoyable to watch.

Now! How do you propose to spank her? Lady Marlborough asked.

Well my lady! I thought that we could all play a part. Her
wrists could be held by Helen and Emily, her ankles by yourself
and Miss Jenkins and I could steady her whilst Beatrice spanks
her, Edna replied.

That sounds most satisfactory, Lady Marlborough said,
indicating to Jane that she knew just where to place the childs
ankles for the most reward.

Now listen! You are to keep a hold of her wrists or you will be
punished, do you understand? Miss Jenkins asked curtly.

Yes, Miss! the sisters chorused.

Now! Which implements do you want to use? Lady Marlborough
asked Beatrice as she handed her the carpetbag.

As Beatrice excitedly rummaged through the carpetbag handling the
implements one by one, it became clear from the childs glazed
expression that she was completely oblivious to her fate. Seeing
that expression before when Hannah had been given lozenges and
then ravished it was also clear that the little darling would
struggle and scream deliciously but would not be able to stop
herself from being spanked.

These, Miss! Beatrice said.

It came as no surprise to see that she had chosen the hairbrush
as that had been her implement of choice in the dormitory, but a
riding crop only served to puzzle and intrigue them, especially
Helen and Emily as memories of their cruel riding mistress Miss
Shaw came coming flooding back, a woman who would use a lunge
whip to school their ponies and a riding crop to school them.

Very well! Lady Marlborough said approvingly.

Turning Alice to face her, Edna gave Helen her left wrist to hold
and Emily her right and forced the childs head between her
thighs. Then lifting her under her waist she offered her left
ankle to Lady Marlborough and her right to Miss Jenkins and then
adjusted her on top of Beatrices lap. This position parted
Alices thighs and provided an uninterrupted view of her charms
which were deliciously pale and offered much intrigue as the
state they would be in afterwards.

Remember now! Keep a tight hold of her wrists, Miss Jenkins
reminded the sisters.

Placing her knees under Alice to ensure that she was at a
convenient height, Beatrice slowly slid her hands over her oil
covered bottom, which was firm and round, then with her heart
thudding with pleasure, began to spank her with the bristle side
of the hairbrush. This had the desired effect as the little tart
screamed deliciously, her ankles doing a merry dance up against
the rubber cocks and her head twisting erratically sending her
mother into raptures.

They listened as she screamed and watched as the child jerked and
squirmed with every stroke admiring the patterns that the
bristles made on her pale skin, but then before Alice had a
chance to settle the second wave of cruel spanks started to land
distorting her little bottom and thighs again.

Beatrice stopped to stroke her bottom, her breath shortening as
she felt the indents left by the bristles. Then putting the
hairbrush down, she pulled her bottom cheeks apart, sobbing with
delight as she spread the tender flesh that protected her anus
and cunt. Both holes exposed, one clenched and knotted in worry
while the other pouted deliciously.

Thank you! That will be sufficient, Lady Marlborough ordered.

But Miss! I have not finished yet, Beatrice said.

Very well! But not on her bottom, Lady Marlborough said,
considering what she had in mind for the little tart in the next
couple of days, she did not want her lovely little bottom to be
unduly scarred.

What if she was turned over, Miss Jenkins suggested.

Very well! Lady Marlborough said with a smile.

It did not take long to turn the child over so that she was
positioned in the same way as before, only this time facing
upwards. To her delight, Edna was now astride her daughters head
whilst Lady Marlborough and Miss Jenkins were able to trap her
ankles between their thighs, which left Helen and especially
Emily holding her wrists tightly and in a constant state of worry
about what would happen if they were to accidently let them go.

In the meantime Beatrice took a firm hold of the riding crop,
only this time she was going to use it where Alice would feel it
the most, directly on her cunt. Eager to play her part in the
little tarts cruel abuse, Jane caressed the childs nipples and
pinched her clitoris making the little tart scream and struggle
wildly.

"Right!" Beatrice gasped.

The riding crop at the ready, Beatrice measured it along the
folds of Alices tender little cunt and brought it down, making
it whistle as it sped through the air and onto her clitoris.
Except for Helen and Emily who still held onto her wrists for
dear life, Alices screams thrilled her audience as they shook
with pleasure and took full advantage of her struggles to bring
themselves to orgasm.

Alice was now panting and delirious with pain.

That is enough! Lady Marlborough announced.

Beatrice, still full of lust obeyed her mistress and returned the
implements to the carpetbag. In the meantime, Alice was dressed
and settled astride her mothers lap and allowed to sleep off the
effects of the special lozenges for the remainder of the short
journey.

That was most enjoyable Beatrice. I can see now why Sister
Argyle left you in charge of punishing the others, Edna said.

Thank you Miss, Beatrice replied with a smile.

Yes! A most pleasurable experience, Miss Jenkins said, still
recovering from the childs struggles.

Yes, most enjoyable! Perhaps you and your daughter would like to
visit us at   Marlborough Hall. In fact, let me send a carriage
to fetch you both so that she can celebrate her birthday at a
party along with other little girls her age. That way we would
have the opportunity to really get to know her, Lady Marlborough
said with a smile.

Thank you! That would be most kind of you my lady, Edna said
with a smile.

As they neared the village of Markem all in the carriage was
tranquil. The poor child was asleep on her mothers lap, Helen
and Emily were desperately trying to avoid further punishment,
Beatrice was full of herself, and the ladies sat back in the deep
leather seats sated and radiant with exhaustion.

It was a sorry little girl that Edna carried into the cottage, a
little girl who had paid off some of her debt for interrupting
their pleasures, but one who on her eighth birthday would be
finding out just how much more she owed.

***

The journey back to Marlborough Hall was a relatively quiet
affair that is compared with the frenzy of Alices spanking.

After leaving Edna and Alice, the driver stopped at the
confectionery shop in the village. This was so that Lady
Marlborough could make arrangements for the partners to make a
return visit and to purchase some of those lozenges, the ones
that seemed to work so well on Alice.

Entering the grounds via the east gate, the carriage meandered
its way along the long drive briefly slowing as it passed over
the ornate bridge and Lady Marlborough remarked to Jane about
just how resplendent Marlborough Hall looked in the setting sun.

As Lady Marlborough and Jane reminisced about the afternoons
pleasures she suddenly had the idea that if the weather was fine
some of Alices party games could be played outside. Perhaps she
would use the box hedge maze, a favourite of her late husbands,
who insisted that it was kept at a height level with a childs
waist and left untrimmed and prickly so that as they were forced
to run naked through it they ended up with scratches on their
bottoms, thighs and genitals.

As was the usual practice on such occasions, the driver went
around to back of the hall stopping outside the tradesmans
entrance. Stepping down from the Brougham, Lady Marlborough
handed the driver the extra shilling that he had duly earned.

When the carriage had left Miss Jenkins escorted Helen and Emily
up the back stairs to be introduced to her mother. However, Lady
Marlborough instead of taking Beatrice to Mrs Asher straight away
decided the tart would be of more use to her so she escorted her
up to her private quarters where she intended to take her time to
find out just how much the poor girl was willing to take orders
and to do as she was told.







