Stripped, Tied Up, and Tickled
by TheBlushingPrincess

Stripped, Tied Up, and Tickled: My First Time

Part I

Scott and I had been good friends since the fifth grade. We were both new to the school, each having moved from different cities, and we bonded right away. And now five years later, in our sophomore year of high school, we still have lunch together, hang out together, study together. We’ve never been romantic (although I think each of us has thought about it for a moment from time to time). We’re just good friends, and that’s really great.

For a long time, I have known that Scott has a thing about tickling. He really likes doing it. He’ll sneak up from behind me and grab me around the waist and really make me laugh hard. It’s never anything sexual. Frankly, I don’t know what he likes about it so much. But it’s rare that we’ll be together and he doesn’t try to tickle me in some way. On my belly, around the waist, under the arms, on my sides, and so on. I don’t mind. It’s cute when he does it, and I’m kind of flattered. Maybe he just likes hearing the sound of my laugh!

Over the past couple of years, he makes jokes about wanting to tie me up and tickle me. It sounds kind of weird to me, but I smile, telling him it’s never going to happen. But he does keep asking. He is persistent. But I guess that’s just not my thing. So I reassure him how much he means to me, and “thanks for asking,” but “no.” He doesn’t seem to mind.

Scott’s sixteenth birthday was coming up in a couple of weeks, and I wanted to get him something special for his birthday. He had been really looking forward to getting his driver’s license, and I knew he would want to do something special to celebrate. We were riding our bikes together one day (as we often did) and I asked him, “Anything in particular you’ve been thinking that you want from me for your birthday?” He didn’t miss a beat. With no delay, he looked right at me, longingly, and said, “Yes, actually. I want you to let me tie you up and tickle you.”

I laughed it off. He’d been asking that of me for years.

“No, really. Is there something special you want from me for your birthday?”

He stopped peddling and came to a stop. So did I. He looked at me, innocently, sweetly, and hopefully. “Yes. Really. Kaylie, I want you to let me tie you up and tickle you.”

I was taken aback. He had been joking about this for so long. But here it was. A real ask. He really wanted me to do this for him… and for his sixteenth birthday, no less. It saddened me to tell him “no,” but I did. And once again, he took the rejection in stride. Although he did seem disappointed that I wasn’t going to grant him his birthday wish this year. It distressed me a bit too, but like I said, that’s not really my thing.

A few days later, with his birthday approaching, we were talking about some ways to celebrate. Maybe a party at my house with some friends; going to an amusement park; or even just a nice dinner out somewhere. He’s a really good guy, and he had dropped the tickling thing. He didn’t bring it up again. But I knew how much he wanted it.

I went to bed that night thinking about it. How bad could it really be, I thought, to be tied up and tickled. I mean, Scott’s a really good, sweet guy. It’s not like I felt like it would be unsafe or threatened in any way. We were best friends. I couldn’t believe I was even entertaining the thought. I mean, I’ve never been tied up like that with anyone. Really, there hasn’t been anyone that I would do that with. Neither Scott or I had really dated much. Other than going to school dances (which we would usually go to with each other, just as friends), neither of us had been in a romantic relationship with anyone. It wasn’t a big deal. We just hadn’t. But in the end, I couldn’t do it. So I fell asleep, okay with my decision—but still disheartened that I wouldn’t be able to do this for him.

A couple of days later, Scott and I were having lunch. He brought it up again, saying, “Kaylie, I’m sorry I brought up about the tickling thing. Don’t worry about it. We’ll do something else and it will be great.” He put up a good front, and I really appreciated how considerate he was in wanting to make me feel better. Still, I could see in his eyes that he was let down.

His birthday was now just one week away. If we were going to plan a party, we needed to do it. We started figuring out who we would invite, and we were making some plans for food, and so on. The next day, I was going to make some fun “Sixteenth Birthday” invitation cards and give them to our friends at school.

Again, that night as I was lying in bed, I was thinking about it. Really, how bad could it be to be tied up and tickled? I’m really ticklish, but I guess that’s what he likes about it. Surely, I could endure it for a few minutes. It’s not like there’s anything sexual about it. He does it all the time. It’s just that this time, I would be tied up. My heart started beating faster as I considered it. It really would be such a great gift to give him.. something he would remember for the rest of his life. At that moment, it was like my body was disconnected from my brain. My hand reached for my phone next to my bed, and I called Scott.

It was ringing.

“Hey, Kaylie,” he said, having seen my name come up his phone. “What’s up?”

“You win.”

“What do you mean?”

“I’ll do it.”

“Do what?” He really had no idea what I was talking about.

“I will let you tie me up and tickle me for your birthday.” As I moved my lips, my brain couldn’t believe what I was saying. It’s like it was in slow motion.

Silence.

“Don’t tease me,” came his surprised and skeptical voice through the phone.

“No, really. I will do it. I will let you tie me up and tickle me. If that’s what you really want.”

“Are you serious?”

“Hey, don’t keep asking me, or I might change my mind!”

“Wow. Kaylie. You are amazing. This is going to be great. Oh, you will love it. Thank you!”

“So you just need to tell me when and where, and I’ll be ready.”

He was so excited. The tone in his voice was so joyful. I was really going to be giving him a special gift. And I felt good about that. I was a little nervous, not knowing exactly what to expect. But I was feeling good about my decision.

The next day, when Scott saw me at school, he ran up to me, gave me a big hug, picked me up, and twirled me around. This surprised me (in a good way) and it made my heart race just a bit. He was all smiles.

His birthday was coming up that Saturday. Since my parents and brother were going to be out of town that weekend visiting colleges, we decided that he would come over to my house after lunch. Then we would have the whole afternoon and evening to hang out—and for me to give him his gift.


Part II

At long last, Saturday arrived. Right on schedule, Scott arrived at my house on his bike shortly after lunch. He came in and we hung out for a few minutes before heading up to my bedroom where I would give him his present.

He was in a great mood (and why wouldn’t he be, knowing what was coming?) and we were laughing and having a great time. Once we arrived in my room, he casually kicked off his shoes, as he would normally do when he came over, and he opened a small bag. In the bag, were four silk scarves. As we were talking he walked all around my bed and tied the ends of the scarves to the bed posts. I saw where this was going. It was time to get down to business.

Scott began. “Okay. Well, you should probably get undressed before I tie you up. That’ll be easier.”

Whoa! What?

“Get undressed?” I asked, dumbfounded. “Since when is that part of the equation?”

“Well, look at what you’re wearing,” he said matter-of-factly, explaining the obvious. “You’ve got that big, thick sweater and those running shoes and socks. I mean, I wouldn’t be able to access any skin. It really would be much better if we can have direct contact.”

I could see his point. It was valid. “Well, how about this. I’ll lose the shoes and socks, and change into a tank top.” The negotiations had begun.

He thought about it for a second. After a beat, he admitted, “Honestly, I had really hoped you would be undressed.”

There was a long pause, as we each considered our negotiating positions.

I interjected, still matter-of-factly and business-like, “You’ve really got this planned out, haven’t you.” He sheepishly nodded his head.

There was another pause as we each contemplated our next move.

I broke the silence. “If I ask you a question, will you give me an honest answer?”

“You bet.”

I looked him in the eye. “Have you jacked off while thinking about tickling me, undressed, tied to the bed?”

He froze. Deer in the headlights. I had caught him. Then, after a short delay, came the reply. “What? Absolutely not! No. Well, maybe... Well, yes. Definitely yes.”

I wasn’t surprised. I knew that guys jack off thinking about the girls they know. It didn’t bother me.

“That’s fine.” I replied. “I’m not mad. I just wanted to know. Because you really seem to have something very specific in mind,” I smiled.

I thought about my next move. Surely there was some additional concession I could make. I didn’t want to ruin his birthday gift. But at the same time, I had absolutely no intention of stripping. I mean, I’ve got a cute body with nice curves in the right places. That wasn’t the thing at all. It’s just that no boy has ever seen me undressed. So as far as I was concerned, that was not on the table.

“How about this,” I offered, attempting to negotiate in good faith. “How about if I change out of my jeans and put on a pair of running shorts?” That seemed very reasonable to me. “So I’d be wearing a tank top, running shorts, and no shoes or socks. Will that work for you?”

I could see him thinking. Clearly, he had been playing this out in his mind for some time, and my wearing a shirt and shorts were assuredly not part of his vision. But the ball was in his court now. I’ll admit, the negotiation was stimulating.

“How about this,” he replied, as we worked out the details in a high-stakes game of give-and-take. “We had agreed that you would be tied up and tickled for 30 minutes. I’ll bring it down to 20 minutes if you do it undressed.”

Hm. Well, that was an offer to consider. Like time off for good behavior.

“I’ll do 25 minutes, no shirt, but I keep the shorts.”

We could both tell that we were getting closer to an agreement.

He looked around my bedroom. “Okay. 25 minutes, no shirt, no shorts, but we’ll turn the lights out.”

I took in the proposal. 25 minutes. No shirt. No shorts. But lights out. Hmm. On the one hand, having the lights out wasn’t really that big a deal. The sun was bright in the early-afternoon sky, and even with the shades drawn in my room, it was almost like daylight. But to not have the harsh incandescent lights illuminating my mostly exposed flesh did appeal to me. I knew I would look better in the natural light. Not that I was doing this to impress anyone. But I figured, I may as well look my best if we’re going to do this.

Then he added, “And I get to watch you undress.”

Man. We were almost there. I could tolerate the thought of being undressed in front of him. But getting undressed in front of him? That seemed a little familiar. Even for good friends like us.

He could see me weighing the options. Then he added with a hopeful smile and sincere, puppy-dog eyes, “and just a reminder… it’s my birthday.”

He had worn me down. “Okay, Scott. It’s a deal.” We shook hands on it.

So now what? Was I just supposed to start stripping down? How was this going to play out?

“Well, birthday boy,” I said, “I’ll let you call the shots. This is your birthday present. Tell me what you want me to do.”

“Okay. Well, first, Kaylie, you are the best. Alright. Here’s what we do.” He took a seat at the chair in front of my makeup mirror and turned and looked at me, as if he were directing a movie.

“We agreed to have the lights off. So go ahead and turn off the lights.” It was starting to feel a little strange, as I was basically taking orders from him. But it was kind of exciting too. I took a couple of steps over to the door and switched off the ceiling lights. The room was still fully illuminated with bright daylight, but at least the ceiling lights were off.

“Now what?” I asked, awaiting the next direction.

“Okay,” he directed. Come stand over here. A little to the right. Yes, that’s it.” I think he wanted to get me in just the right light.

“Alright. Why don’t you start with your shoes and socks.”

Whew. Well at least we were starting off easy. I could take off my shoes and socks no problem. I kicked off my running shoes and then lifted each foot to remove the socks. Fortunately, I had just painted my toes. So I thought they looked pretty good. A nice touch for Scott’s birthday, I thought to myself.

I was starting to get butterflies in my stomach. I knew that next was either the sweater or the jeans, but I wasn’t sure which. I waited. He seemed to be taking his time. He was studying my feet, imagining, I suppose how ticklish they were. He had tickled parts of my upper body before, but never my feet. The soles of my feet are really ticklish, but I sure wasn’t going to tell him that.

He continued with his directives. “Next, I think the jeans. Yes, definitely. You can take those off next.”

I’m not sure why he went with the jeans first. I thought he would have been in more of a hurry to see me standing there in my bra. But as I removed the jeans, it occurred to me that with the length of the sweater, it covered my panties. So it kind of looked like I was wearing the sweater with nothing underneath that. Maybe that’s what he was enjoying about it.

I peeked at his crotch. I was curious if this was getting him aroused. But oddly, it wasn’t. At least, not there, not yet. Maybe this really wasn’t sexual at all for him. It was just something about exposing my skin for the tickling I was about to receive.

Then, and I wasn’t expecting this, Scott asked me, in kind of a shy and submissive voice (which seemed odd, given that he was clearly in the dominant position), “Do you mind if I take your sweater off for you?”

I probably would have said no, but he was really just so sweet about it. So I smiled and said, “Happy birthday.”

He stood up, and walked over to me. We were face to face. I’ll admit, I was a little turned on. I think if he had tried to kiss me, I would have let him. But he didn’t. He gently reached down to the bottom of the sweater and slowly and respectfully lifted it off me. There was an odd feeling of dignity and grace to his movement. I was shocked at how that made me feel inside.

So there we were, looking at each other, face to face, inches apart. In five years of friendship, I don’t know that we had ever been quite that close to each other. He was fully clothed, save for his shoes which he had kicked off earlier. And I was nearly naked, concealed only by my white bra with lace overly (clasp in front) and coordinating panties. Something started stirring in me. I really wanted to kiss him. But that was not part of our deal, and I didn’t want to get in the way of his tickle fantasy. Besides, it was probably just the moment. Best to let it pass.

He brought me over to my bed and had me lay down. My bed sticks out from the wall, so there’s walking room on both sides. He took the first of the four silks that he had previously tied to the bed posts and he wrapped it around my right wrist.

“Does that feel okay?” he asked with genuine care. It was snug, but not painful.

“It’s fine, I think.”

Then he walked to the other side of the bed and bound my left wrist.

“This is really going to be fun,” he said, looking into my eyes. “You really are the best, Kailey.”

Well you’re pretty special, yourself, I thought. “Thanks.”

With my arms stretched tight and my wrists secured, he moved on to my ankles. I didn’t know what to expect. Would he tie them up straight down together or each one individually, spread eagle? I was thinking that we should have negotiated that point. I really didn’t want to be spread eagle. Such a compromising and unflattering position. Thankfully, he tied them straight down together. My feet weren’t quite touching each other, but they were separated only by a few inches. I could only imagine that he had planned it out exactly this way. Hey, I’m not judging. We’ve all got our little kinks. It was surprisingly fun for me to help him live this out, turning his fantasy into reality. And how amazing of him that he had the courage to say what he really wanted—and to persist until it happened. The whole thing was pretty impressive.

As I was having all these thoughts, I had completely forgotten that I was about to be mercilessly tickled for 25 minutes. My heart started racing again.

Scott sat next to me on the bed, still not touching me. He said, “Okay. We agreed 25 minutes.”

“Right,” I replied.

He continued. “Okay. A couple of rules. If you need a break, let me know. You can have up to one break every five minutes. Your break can last up to five minutes, but the timer will stop during the breaks.”

It was like an Olympic sport or something.

“And we need a safe word. If you really need me to stop because of something serious, you can say, ‘tomato,’ and I’ll stop, no questions asked. Of course, the timer will stop too. Then we’ll wait until you’re ready before we keep going. Make sense?”

I was incredibly nervous at this point. I really hadn’t thought about my potential reaction to prolonged tickling. Would I be able to breathe? Would I pee the bed? My heart was really racing.

Scott put the timer where we could both easily see it. He asked me, “Are you ready?” I replied, “Happy birthday, Scott. I hope you enjoy your present.”

He stood up and took a minute to look at me. Up and down, enjoying what I suspect was the best birthday present he had ever received. There I was, fully on display for him. I had a nice looking body, and I suspect he was enjoying it. I could see the look in his eyes, trying to imagine which part of me was most ticklish. I guess we were both about to find out.


Part III

It was an electronic kitchen timer with five buttons. Minute up; minute down; start; pause; and reset. Any time a button was pressed, it would emit a loud, piercing beep.

Scott put his finger on the “minute up” button. “Count to 25 with me,” he said. Our voices in unison, we said, “1.” A beep. “2.” Another beep. “3.” And another. With each shrill beep, I felt my heart race in anticipation. I’ll admit, I was terrified, but also more than a little curious. Finally came the “25.” And the final shrill beep. There it was.

Scott moved his finger to the start button. “Press it, already,” I thought, anxious to get on with whatever was coming.

BEEP.

I had never been more uneasy in my life. My heart was going a mile a minute. He sat down on the bed next to my bound, extended body, and started running his fingers gently over my belly. Then up and down my sides. It gave me goosebumps and made me writhe a little. But it actually felt good. Yes, it tickled, but the caresses were soft and sensitive. I thought, “well this isn’t so bad; I can do this easily for another 24-and-a-half minutes.” Sometimes he would go a little harder, digging into my side a little more with his finger. This would make me giggle and my body would jump. But it was kind of fun and exciting. Really not bad at all.

He started to glide his fingers down to my mid-section. Suddenly I got a little nervous. We had not discussed that my privates were off limits. I didn’t think he would dare, though. And he didn’t. He slid his fingers down, over and past my hips, and started caressing my inner thighs. It was intimate, but he respectfully stayed a safe distance from my lady parts.

I had my eyes on the clock.

23 minutes.

I was like, “I have got this made in the shade. Nothing to it.” I even closed my eyes to enjoy it, gently giggling and wriggling in response to his touch.

Then, out of the blue I felt his grip tighten, both hands pinching and pulsing on my right inner thigh.

HOLY FUCKING SHIT!

Without warning, I started screaming and thrashing, involuntarily. The sensation started in my thighs but quickly rippled through my entire body. I pulled with all my might against the silk scarves which securely held me in place. I’d twist my body to the right; then to the left. Almost turning upside down to the extent my restraints would allow. Anything to alleviate this overpowering sensation. It was crazy intense! I was laughing, but there was nothing funny about it.

“Looks like we found our first spot!” Scott happily announced, like he had just hit upon a winning lottery ticket.

I couldn’t get any words out between the laughing, the screaming, and the thrashing. I think I may have been able to produce a “Please, Please!”, but nothing more. He was relentless. He worked that spot for what seemed like five minutes. Then he stopped suddenly, going back to gently cascading his fingers over my still-trembling thighs. I summoned the energy to look at the timer.

22 minutes.

Are you kidding me? That was just one minute? Holy shit!

He continued to move down my calves to the upper parts of my feet. I was thinking, “Okay. A reprieve for a minute or two. Not sure why he’s on the top parts of my feet. I don’t think anyone is ticklish there.” Then he pulled his hands away and reached for that bag he had brought in. I had figured there were just the scarves in it. But no. Apparently it was his little bag of tricks. He intentionally let me see him poking around in there. I thought, “Take all the time you need, birthday boy. The clock is ticking.”

He pulled out a feather. Really? A feather? How cliché is that? “Okay dude,” I thought, sarcastically. “Go to town with your feather.”

Very lightly, he caused the feather to slither around the bottoms of my exposed feet. Like before, it was tingly and made me squirm, but it was not entirely unpleasant. I didn’t dare look at the clock. It had betrayed me earlier. So I closed my eyes and bravely withstood the “feather-on-the-foot” treatment. It caused me to giggle and twist my feet and legs a bit. But not much more.

Then it stopped for a moment. Scott said, “I’m curious about trying the other end of the feather.” What? He’s giving me a play-by-play now? Okay, my friend. Take it away.

I peered down my barely covered body, all the way down to Scott, now crouched at the foot of my bed, face to face with the soles of my feet. He turned the feather around so the hard quill was facing my indefensible feet. He held my right foot in place with his hand, and then pressed the quill against my heel and started to move it up toward my toes.

FUCK!!! THAT SHIT TICKLES!!!

Immediately, my legs and feet started thrashing wildly. For a second, I thought I was going to break free and kick him in the face. But he quickly climbed up on the bed and straddled my legs, his butt toward my hips and facing my feet. He took that feather and went to town. Holy shit! My feet were twisting and struggling. My upper body wasn’t affected, other than that I was doing everything I could to break my wrists free so I could stop the tickling. Damn those scarves were strong! I was laughing and screaming, twisting and turning.

“Okay! Okay!” I managed to get out between shrieking and laughing. “I need a break!”

He stopped tickling me immediately and smacked the pause button on the timer.

20 minutes.

We looked at each other. I was catching my breath, panting, trying to regain my composure. He was watching my stomach and chest as I breathed heavily. Clearly, he was enjoying his gift. Okay, so maybe this was a little more intense than what I thought I was getting into, but I could make it another 20 minutes. I peeked at his crotch. There was definitely a bulge. So he was having a good time. Good for him. Glad I could help.

Break time was over.

Scott grabbed his bag of tricks and revealed an electric toothbrush. Okay, sport. What are you doing with that?

BEEP. And we were off.

He turned on that electric toothbrush and placed it firmly against my left side, just about two inches from my armpit. You can’t imagine a more sudden and violent reaction. I was shaking the bed, turning and twisting wildly. He climbed onto my chest to hold me still, slowly moving that dreadful electric toothbrush in a small circular pattern, getting up into my armpit and away from it. This MUST have been going on for a good ten minutes. I glanced at the timer.

19 minutes.

What the fuck? One fucking minute??? Shit. I was in trouble.

The vibrating sensation shot waves through my entire body. Screaming, laughing, and twitching, I must have looked like a bowl of jiggling Jell-o.

Then suddenly, the toothbrush stopped. My eyes were closed. I didn’t even have the energy to open them. I was thinking, “Okay. That was intense. But he’ll mix it up a little and go back to some light caresses now, right?

Wrong. The toothbrush turned on again, now acting on my other armpit. This really was more intense than I could have imagined.

I was crying out, “Stop! Stop!” But he didn’t stop. He had established that he wouldn’t stop unless I officially said that I needed a break. But I was done with breaks. I just wanted to let that timer run down and be finished with this as soon as possible!

He turned off the toothbrush and went back to using his fingers. He was relentless, working my belly and hips. I could hardly catch my breath, when suddenly I thought I was going to pee my pants. “Please! Stop! I’m going to piss myself!” I called out. But he persisted. Digging in, twisting, faster and slower. Good heavens! I had no idea I could possibly be this ticklish! I screamed at full volume… and as I did… I peed myself. Just plain-old peed in my panties. I was utterly ashamed. But there it was. He stopped and hit the timer, and I cut myself off mid-stream.

18 minutes.

So there I was in pee-soaked panties. Yuck. But I thought, “Well maybe this is my moment. He’ll let me change, we’ll get to talking, and maybe he’ll say we’re good and he’s had enough fun.” Here’s hoping.

Scott looked at me. “Do you want me to take off your panties for you?” he asked casually, as if he was asking me if I wanted a glass of water or something.

“Nice try, Scott,” I gently came back.

“Well look. I can’t untie you. How about this.” He reached into that damn bag of his and produced a purple silk scarf, about eight inches square. “I’ll cover you with this scarf, and then I can slide your panties off.”

Had he been planning this? Damn, he was good.

“Okay,” I offered, resigned to the impending embarrassment of having my friend remove my undergarment. “I’ll let you do that, but you’ve got to bring the timer down to 10 minutes.”

Scott was shocked. “Ten minutes? No way. That’s cutting eight minutes off the time. Frankly, we should be adding minutes because I’m taking off your pee-soaked panties! But I’ll tell you what. I’ll take it down to 14 minutes, I cover you with the scarf and remove your panties, and I also cover your breasts with two more scarves and take off your bra. After all, you’d look awfully silly just wearing your bra and no panties. What do you say?”

“Twelve minutes,” I countered, not really believing that I was agreeing to him taking my bra too.

“Twelve minutes it is. Deal?”

“Deal,” I reluctantly confirmed.

He covered my privates with the scarf, just has he had said. Then he slipped his fingers into my waistband and pulled my pee-soaked panties down my thighs and legs, over my feet, and let them dangle over the foot of the bed. Then he walked down the hall to the restroom and came back with a towel. He had me lift my hips, and he slid the towel between my butt and the bed. I think he snuck a peek at my ass. That’s okay. I’ve got a nice ass.

Then he reached into the bag again, his hand emerging with two more eight-inch scarves, one designated for each breast. He carefully placed them, and then reached underneath to release my bra (which surprisingly, he seemed to do with minimal fumbling; kind of impressive for a boy his age). Once undone, he slid the bra up and over my head, the straps gently tugging at my shoulders and arms. I was literally only covered by three scarves. Two over my breasts, and one over my privates. This was by far the closest I had been to being naked in front of a boy, and I’ll concede that if I could get past the humiliation of being nearly naked in front of Scott, it was kind of turning me on.

Scott’s hand moved to the timer, and he reduced the remaining time, just as we had agreed. “Count down with me,” he said. Then in unison, “17.” Beep. “16.” Beep. “15.” Beep. “14.” Beep. “13.” Beep. “12.” Beep.

12 minutes.

Scott hit the start button. And we were off again.

This time, there was no starting off with light tickling. Scott had just 12 minutes left, and he was going to use every one of them to the fullest. Let the screaming and writhing begin.

He was using every trick in the book. Fingers; feathers on the feet; toothbrush in the armpits. He kept me guessing and would generally move relatively quickly from body part to body part and from technique to technique. Sometimes he would find a spot that would really make me laugh hard or writhe uncontrollably. When he found those spots he would linger a bit longer. I knew he was finding this whole thing a turn on. But good heavens. It was crazy intense on my mind and body.

After another 30 seconds or so with the toothbrush, this time on the back of my leg behind my knee, I couldn’t take it anymore. I was literally going to explode. “Okay! Break! Break! Or I’m going to pee again!”

Scott stopped the timer.

9 minutes.

“I have got to go to the bathroom. Please just untie me. I promise, I’ll come back and lay down and you can tie me up again. But I have got to go the bathroom.”

I could see the wheels turning in Scott’s mind. “I’ll tell you what. I’ll untie you. But just to make sure there’s no funny business…” He paused as he reached into that horrid bag of his. What could he possibly pull out next? He produced two fur-lined shackles, each connected to a piece of canvas strapping. The two straps were fastened together with a locking belt buckle.

“I’m just going to fasten your hands together with these while you go to the bathroom. You’ll be fully free, but then we can come back and keep going.” I didn’t get why any of that was necessary, but I didn’t care. I had to pee so bad.

“Okay, birthday boy. Whatever you say. Just get me out of here so I can pee.”

With great efficiency, Scott first shackled my wrists and then untied the scarves. Oh, man. That really felt good. With all the tickling, I hadn’t been paying attention… but those scarves were kind of digging into my wrists. The fur-lined shackles, as crazy as it sounds, were much more comfortable.

Then he untied my feet. “Okay,” he said. “Bathroom’s all yours.”

I started to stand up. Scott was staring at me, smiling, from a few feet back. And then I froze.

“You asshole!” I said, looking at him, knowing he had once again beat me.

“What?” he replied in a cat-that-got-the-canary tone.

“When I stand up, these scarves are going to fall.”

“No they won’t. You can hold them up. You’ve got pretty much full range with those straps. You can do it, Kaylie, I know you can!” he encouraged, knowing full well that I didn’t have more than a 50/50 shot.

With my right hand, I reached down and held the scarf in place over my privates. But what to do about my breasts? They aren’t particularly small. C-cup. Full and perky. The scarves could cover them okay while I was laying on my back. But when I stood up? I wasn’t so sure. I took my left arm and pressed it over my chest, holding the scarves in place. I sat up. There was Scott, gleefully enjoying my fumbling and embarrassment. He opened the door for me. What a gentleman.

I stood up, knowing that my ass was going to be on full display for him as a walked down the hall. But I only had two hands. Okay. Part of me was thinking, “Big deal. He’s going to see my ass. Let him look.” But the other part of me was mortified that he was going to see me naked, if only from the back. The more I thought about it, the more embarrassed I was getting, and my face was even starting to flush. But I really had to pee. So damn it all, I stood up and ran quickly down the hall to the bathroom, giving Scott what I can only assume was a great view of my firm yet bouncing cheeks.

Ahh. Relief. I made it without peeing on the floor.

I headed back to my bedroom, and there was Scott, patiently waiting at the door.

“Welcome back, Ms. Kaylie,” he offered with faux formality, as if he were welcoming me to the royal ball.

I played along, smiling, “Thank you, Mr. Scott.” I was putting up a good front, but this was beyond humiliating. And I had nine minutes remaining of this degrading torture. I started to head over to the bed to resume my bondage. But Scott interrupted me.

So there we are. Standing face to face in the middle of the room. Again, there he is fully dressed. And there I am, doing all I can to cover myself with three tiny silk scarves. I was really starting to get the feeling that he owned me and I had zero control over anything anymore. The thought made me start to physically tremble a bit.

Scott said, “Instead of tying you to the bed, we’ll do the next bit standing up.” He gestured for me to walk back toward the door. I turned obediently, and walked over to the door, knowing that he had an unobstructed view of my cute little butt. It was downright shameful. But I dutifully did as I was told.

“Now,” he continued, “If you’ll just raise your hands over your head…” I cut him off right there.

“Hold on there, pardner. No way. If I raise my hands, the scarves fall, and I’m totally naked. Not part of the deal.”

I shouldn’t have been surprised, but he seemed like he had been anticipating this circumstance. He went back over to his bag and pulled out a really large silk scarf. Probably like three feet square. “Open your mouth,” he instructed.

“What???”

“Just open your mouth.”

Not knowing what to expect, I did. He took the tip of the large scarf and placed it just inside my lips.

“Now close your lips.” I did.

“There you go,” Scott stated, oh so proud of himself for his ingenuity, as if he had just discovered the secrets of the universe. “Now you can raise your hands and the scarf will keep you covered. Just don’t open your mouth!”

And without even having any time to react, he raised both my arms over my head, grabbed the straps that were attached to my wrist shackles, tossed them over the other side of the door, and closed the door. And there I was, standing naked, stretched out with my hands well over my head, covered by a thin scarf that was suspended only by my lips.

Scott turned the timer so we could both see it. “Now remember,” he cautioned me, “try not to laugh.”

“MMmfmmmmfff mmffmfmm.”

“I’m sorry, what was that,” he queried?

“MMMMFMFFFFM MMFMMFMMMM MMMMM!!!”

“If you could please articulate just a bit more clearly?”

“MMMMMMFFMFMMF MFMFF MFMFFFFFFFFFFFMMM MMMFF!!!!!!!!”

“Oh, you’re ready to proceed? I see. Very good.”

And with that, he started the timer again. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

Thankfully, he started with the gentle caressing again. This was different though, because now he had to put his hands behind the scarf to get to my skin. Somehow, this felt significantly more intimate than before. The caresses felt nice, and I purred and squirmed as I enjoyed them. But I knew it wouldn’t last long, and it didn’t.

His favorite spot to go back to was that intense area he found early on. The one on my inner upper thigh. He attacked it with full force, and I thrashed wildly. I thought I was going to break the door down.

“MMMMFFFFFFFMMFMMFFFFFFF!!!” This was so incredibly intense. I was so hoping he’d move to another spot. But he didn’t. He just persisted. I couldn’t take it another second. I let out with a full scream. And that was it. The scarf gracefully cascaded to the floor, taking with it every last bit of dignity I had remaining. There I was, for the first time in my life, completely naked in front of a boy. I panicked. I started stomping my legs up and down. “Get me down. Get me down!!!” He was as shocked as I was. I’m sure he knew it was coming, but when he was face to face with my naked body, he just froze. Gawking at it, staring me up and down. It was too much for me.

I shouted, “BREAK! BREAK!”

That snapped him out of it. He hit the timer, opened the door, and pulled down the restraints. I sat cross-legged on the bed and covered my breasts with my arms.

We each took a moment to take in what had just happened and regain our composure. We looked at the timer.

5 minutes.

“I need a break from the shackles,” I said.

“That’s fine.”

He came over and unlocked them and removed them from my wrists.

I said, “I can keep going, but I need to be untied for this next bit.”

He looked disappointed. “Well, the deal was to be tied up and tickled. If you’re free to move around, it’s a whole different thing. But how about this…”

We were negotiating again? I didn’t know how much more I had in me. I was pretty spent, physically and emotionally.

He offered his proposition. “You can lie down on the bed and grab the headboard posts with your hands. As long as you keep your hands in place, I won’t need to tie you up.”

I guessed that was nearly as good as a deal as I was going to get. I was about to agree. But then he added, “But if you let go, we add five minutes to the timer. And if you let go five times, I tie you back up.”

How much more of this could I take? But I was too exhausted to come up with a different suggestion. I was totally naked, nervous, and humiliated. I wasn’t really in much of a position to be a shrewd negotiator. “Okay,” I said, giving in. “That’s fine.” Anything. Let’s just get it done.

I laid back on the bed, my hands still over my privates and breasts. I really didn’t want to reach my hands out to the bed posts, fully exposing myself, but I had no choice. So I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and reached, wrapping my fingers tightly around the posts. “Don’t let go,” I told myself. “For just five minutes, don’t let go. You’ve got this, Kaylie.”

And there we were. Me stretched out naked on the bed, and Scott standing over me, just looking. C’mon man, let’s get this thing going already. Then he reached into that damned bag one more time. He pulled out a dark scarf.

“What are you doing,” I asked. “I thought there’s no tying up!”

“No, no. This is a blindfold. I’m just going to put it over your eyes.”

Well, this I could not have anticipated. But he put the blindfold on me… why, I wasn’t sure… and he started the timer.

BEEP.

I soon figured out his strategy. With me blindfolded, the element of surprise was much greater. If he was going to tickle my belly, I had no way to know it was coming. Feather to the feet? No idea. I was trying to hold on to those posts for dear life. And then he stopped tickling me. Three seconds. Ten seconds. Twenty seconds. Then, there it was. Toothbrush to the armpit. It was a total surprise. My body jumped and my arms instinctively lowered to protect myself. Shit. Five more minutes.

I heard the dreaded sound. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP.

I put my arms up again, not knowing where he would strike next. I was going to hold it this time, though. I was sure of it. He was crafty. And a little mean, really. He was tickling me lightly, getting me to relax. Let my guard down. And then, BOOM! Sudden, deep tickling to the ribcage. I lost my grip and brought my hands down again. No way!

BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP.

Once again, I extended my arms, holding those bedposts with every bit of strength I could muster. But Scott was unrelenting. He mercilessly used every trick in the book to cause me to release my grip.

Screaming and beeping. Writhing and beeping. Laughing and beeping. It was constant. It’s like I was in a fog. Over and over. How many minutes was it up to now? I had no idea. And with the blindfold, I had no way of looking to see.

“Break, Break!” I cried out. Scott paused the timer and took off my blindfold. My naked body was trembling and covered with sweat.

I finally got a look at the timer.

52 minutes.

HOLY SHIT!

“I think this would go faster if I tied you back up,” Scott offered, helpfully.

I couldn’t even respond.

He tied me up again, using the scarves as he originally did. But I noticed that this time, he tied my feet to the opposite sides of the bed so I was laid out completely spread eagle. An utterly humiliating position. But I had zero energy to protest. Absolutely zero.

“Ready?” he asked?

I could do nothing more than nod my head.

He started the timer.

BEEP. That damned beeping sound would haunt me for the rest of my life. I’d never be able to use a kitchen timer again.

Again, I was hoping he’d go easy on me. Gentle caresses, that kind of thing. But he didn’t. It was even more intense than before. After enduring this torture for what seemed like an eternity, I had been pushed to the brink. I couldn’t take it anymore. “Scott, Scott, please!!!” I cried out between uncontrollable laughter and screams. “You win! You win! Please zero out the timer! I’ll do anything you say! I’ll stay naked for you all weekend. You can play with my nipples whenever you want. I’ll suck your dick. Anything. But please. Please! Zero out the timer!”

Without pausing the tickling even for a second, Scott began confirming the terms of the proposed cease-tickle.

As he enthusiastically worked my armpits to frenzied screaming, he said, “You’ll stay naked for me all weekend?”

“Yes. Yes!”

“You know, there’s no school Monday. So we’re including Monday?”

“Yes. Please!”

“Okay. Just to make sure there are no misunderstandings,” he continued lawyerly, clearly enjoying that he was drawing this out, “say it for me.”

“Say it???”

“Yes.”

“Okay.” I could hardly get the words out between the laughter and the screaming. “I will stay naked for you all weekend, through Monday!”

What the hell was I committing to??? But it’s like my brain was completely disconnected from my body. It was all happening so fast.

“And you said I could play with your nipples whenever I want?”

Barely getting it out through the forced laughter, “Yes. Okay! Yes!”

“Say it.”

This was so demeaning. But I had to make it stop. “Yes. You can play with my nipples whenever you want, you cocksucker!”

“Great,” replied Scott, ever so calmly. “And speaking of cock-sucking,” he continued, smugly, “you said you would suck my dick? Are those the words you used?”

Was he really going to make me do this? The little shit! “Yes, Scott. Yes!”

“How many times?”

“What???” I said, as I screamed and wriggled.

“How many times will you suck my dick?”

He was going to make me commit to a number? Shit. “I… don’t… know. One… time?” I said, one word at a time between the screams.

“Hmmm. Just one time?” he asked calmly. And with that, he moved his hands down and started tickling that oh-so sensitive part of my upper inner thigh. I immediately started thrashing wildly and uncontrollably. Surely I was going to pee myself again!

“Okay! Okay! Two times!”

He contemplated it. “Hmmm,” he mused again, slowly, still working my inner thigh, now even more intensely. My screaming and thrashing heightened. “Two times seems low. I mean, if we’re talking about zeroing out the timer…”

“Fine, you asshole. Fine!” I managed to get the words out between catching my breath and screaming. “I will suck your dick as much as you want! Anytime! All weekend long! I don’t care! Just please!!!”

“Just so there are no misunderstandings, it’s probably best that you say it. You know. For clarity.”

“Yes! Yes! I will suck your dick whenever you want! Now please… STOP TICKLING ME!”

And there it was. He pulled his hands away. As I was catching my breath, my body continued to pulsate in the aftershock of the stimulation.

I heard one final BEEP from the timer. That ghastly sound that had caused me so much anxiety throughout the afternoon finally rang out with the sweet, sweet, sound of liberation and release. I looked at it.

0 Minutes.

My body now fully relaxed, I fell deeper and deeper into the mattress, every fiber of my mind and body utterly fatigued.

I felt Scott’s hands releasing my restraints. First my feet, then my wrists. I writhed in joy, exploring my newfound independence, extending and contorting my arms and legs in beautiful freedom. I knew Scott was watching my fully naked body as I squirmed in happiness, this way and that. I didn’t care. Oh. This was magnificent!

Scott didn’t say anything. He just sat and watched me. I’m not sure how long I stayed there, squirming in relief on the bed. And to be honest, I don’t know what part of me Scott was watching. At first, I had assumed he would be leering at my breasts or my privates. But whenever I caught his gaze, he was looking at my face and into my eyes. I kind of felt like I should be mad at him. But I wasn’t in the least. I did agree to this after all. Granted, he manipulated the situation… and me… quite a bit… but still. I don’t know.

He didn’t rush me as I laid there. He just sat quietly, kind of lovingly and sweetly. I must have squirmed on that bed for a good 30 minutes, recovering from the whole ordeal.

Yes, I realized that I had a long weekend ahead of me, what with the being constantly naked… and nipple play… and blowjobs. But that’s okay. You see, my birthday is in two months. And just wait until he asks me what I want.





