What Alice Did AFTER Thanksgiving
By Ewong

Friday night:

This morning, I told you about the newspaper printing that stupid picture of me, right? Well, I contacted the newspaper to get the original photo to make sure my ass was covered, so to speak. I couldn’t have the uncensored picture floating around, waiting to be used against me at school. Anyways, they just sent me an email about the situation as well as the picture file that the photographer sent them. Apparently, they don’t claim ownership over pictures that are taken by new reporters, as was the case here, so they couldn’t give me the camera’s SD card or anything that would satisfy my peace of mind. What made matters worse was that the picture sent to me, which they assured me was the only one they received from the photographer, was the censored version. So, now I have a high quality version of the humiliating pictures with all my bits covered. Small consolation, but I was able to contact the newspaper again before they closed and got the name and phone number of the photographer. I’m meeting him tomorrow. I hope everything works out.

Saturday Morning:

Ugh, before I leave to meet the photographer, Uncle Jack tries to persuade me to move in with him, AGAIN. I just blew him off and came up here to change and also tell all of you that he’s still tormenting me. Anyways, off I go to meet the guy who’s seen me naked…

Sunday Morning:

Sorry I didn’t update last night. It was…a long day to say the least. I met the photographer, who knew who I was and why I was there. When I got there, the place was shrouded in darkness, and I could only see his silhouette. I tried to stay focused on my task as he made me remember that horrible moment that he’d captured so seamlessly. As he began to talk, I felt I recognized his voice, but couldn’t place it. Although he’d seen all of me yesterday, all I saw of him was behind the bright camera flash. However, something about him seemed familiar. Even though I was fully clothed, I felt exposed talking to him, and I wasn’t sure if I would be able to get anything back. He made me an offer, which shocked the hell out of me. I mean, it’s not every day a guy says you’re beautiful, right? At least, that’s how it is for me, so when he kept complimenting my body, I couldn’t help but blush. That’s when he suggested I become a model. I wasn’t sure what to say, but he insisted I had what it takes. I was flattered that he thought I could be a model, but casually asked for the picture so I could leave. He told me I could leave once I let him take a few shots of me. I declined and told him I wanted the photo.

That’s when he sprang his trap. He told me he had been attracted to me for a while, and became a friend to Uncle Jack just so he could get closer to me. The picture he took provided him an interesting opportunity, and he wasn’t about to let it go. I gulped as he let me know that he was going to blackmail me with it. I gathered up my courage and told the bastard off. I told him I’d call the cops on him if he didn’t let me have the picture and leave me alone for the rest of my life. The lights came on and I saw the guy’s face. It was Bobby, my next door neighbor! He went to my school, was even in the same class as me, and was on the baseball team. Well, my shift in demeanor must’ve freaked him out. The guy seemed to genuinely be frightened of my confidence and he relented. I really love it when you can tear a tough guy down just by calling him on his bullshit. Anyways, he gave me the SD card from his camera after showing me it was still on there. He even let me have the hard drive from his computer after I asked if he had copies of it on there. Even after I emasculated the poor dope, I couldn’t help but knee him in the groin before I left. No one takes naked pictures of me without my consent and then try to blackmail me!

I came home to a HUGE surprise. All my relatives came back to celebrate being in the local paper. I blushed as I wasn’t sure if we should celebrate my naked body being the center of attention, but they were happy to have taken part, and I didn’t want to spoil their fun. We were to go out to dinner at a fancy restaurant, so was about to go upstairs to change. However, Uncle Jack had another surprise for me. He presented me with a new dress. I wasn’t about to turn down his generosity in front of the entire family, so I thanked him and went upstairs to try it on. It was a silky red halter dress that came down to my knees. I had to remove my bra because of the halter style would show it otherwise. The neckline was a bit deep for my tastes, but nothing was in danger of popping out. The dress felt wonderful on my skin, and since the skirt was light and billowy, it almost felt like I as wearing nothing at all!

I went downstairs to show everyone, and they loved it! Uncle Jack had me take a picture with him before we headed out. My hair was no longer in pigtails like during the parade, so I looked like a sophisticated young lady. My cousins were speechless as we got into the van and drove to a nice Italian place in town. This place wasn’t your run-of-the-mill spaghetti houses. It had risotto, turkey tetrazzini, chicken alfredo, cheese cannelloni, and lasagna, among other things. The twin had spaghetti while the rest of us had different dishes. I had chicken parmesan with marinara sauce. Uncle Jack tried to order a personal pizza, but he eventually settled for chicken cacciatore. During the meal, other people in the restaurant kept looking at us funny. At first I thought it was because we were taking up a large portion of the restaurant with our large group. However, the number seemed to increase and no one stopped looking over at us.

Eventually, a woman tapped on my shoulder and asked if I was the naked girl from the paper. I was mortified beyond belief! I had to be as red as my new dress as I sat there and politely nodded. The woman smiled and called her family over, who wanted to have a picture with me. I couldn’t believe I’d become somewhat of a celebrity almost over night! I got up and stood next to them. The woman’s husband produced a camera and Uncle Jack volunteered to take the picture. The bright flash nearly blinded me, but I was able to hear the family offer their thanks before leaving us to our meal. I was about to sit down when a few boys my age asked to have a picture taken with me as well. Uncle Jack was all too happy to oblige the boys, and soon they surrounded me. A boy on either side of me, they ogled my cleavage and held a hand on my bare back. The other two knelt down in front of me. They placed their hands on each of my legs. They held onto my knees and my ankles, but not in a very suggestive way, I thought. I was blinded by the flash again, but I felt something off. Literally off. I looked down and saw my panties around my ankles. Those hoodlums took advantage of me and pulled my panties down while I was dazed!

Uncle Jack noticed, walked up to me and whispered in my ear, asking if I wanted to pull them back up or just throw them away. I thought for a second and figured that pulling my panties up in a crowded restaurant would be worse than just stepping out of them. I was able to get them off my feet with no problems and grabbed my underwear from the floor. I balled up my panties and tossed them into the nearby trashcan. I sat back down, knowing I only had the dress to protect me from complete exposure. We finished our main courses and set our sights on dessert, which was cannoli. We were each given a cannoli, and we all dug in. Satisfied, we sat back and began talking. The server came back with our check, and said the owner wanted to come speak to us. Not knowing what this was about, we waited for the man. He came out and greeted us as if we were part of his family. He explained that he adored our family’s picture in the paper and since we’d come to his restaurant, he wanted to get a picture of all of us to brag to his peers that we were here.

My parents and Uncle Jack were very flattered and agreed. We all stood on one side of the table, with me front and center again. This time, I made sure I was completely covered by my dress and posed with my family. Another bright flash, and he let us pay for our food (at a discount) before we left. I hadn’t felt so proud to be in this family before, and I couldn’t help feeling warm and fuzzy on the way home. As I went upstairs to shower, Uncle Jack offered to take me with him when he leaves tonight. I declined and took my shower. I came back to my bedroom wrapped in a towel and saw Uncle Jack exit my room with a suitcase. He told me that he’d packed it in case I wanted to come with him. I waved him away, thinking he was a grade A pervert. I went inside my room, put on my pajamas and hopped into bed.

A few hours ago, we got a call from the owner of the Italian place we went to last night. He wanted us to see the picture he took, which would be mounted in the front next to the host stand. Once we changed into our normal clothes, we all went down there to admire our portrait. I couldn’t wait to see how sexy I looked in my new dress, so I pushed my way to front of the crowd of my relatives to see how I looked. My face had never looked prettier, and my hair was done just right. Then, I looked at my dress…It was completely sheer! The flash on the camera made my dress look completely transparent. I was able to make out the shape and color of my nipples with no problem. I blushed deep red as I realized what kinds of pictures that family and group of boys must’ve gotten last night as well. Then, I remembered my panties. That family must be able to see my panties under my dress in their photo, and those boys would see my…Oh, no. I remembered that those boys yanked my panties down, which meant…I looked further down the picture and I was shocked to see my neatly trimmed bush through the thin material! I was essentially naked, and I’d had no clue when the picture was taken!

The picture wasn’t small either. It was a full 18 inches wide and a foot tall. My sheer dress was visible from a good distance. Now I knew I was blushing the same color as my dress as I was able to see my reflection in the glass frame. I shuddered when I realized those boys must’ve gotten the same result in their camera. Now, my naked body would surely be all over the internet in a matter of days. Moving in with Uncle Jack seems more and more attractive.

Sunday afternoon:

I had a discussion with my folks about taking up Uncle Jack’s offer and moving in with him. They warned me that he lived alone and was a slob since he didn’t have many friends. None of this phased me since I just wanted to go somewhere that didn’t know what I looked like naked. I mentioned this to them, and my mom told me something I didn’t expect. The reason Uncle Jack wasn’t married wasn’t because he was a slob or because he was immature. He was single because he was molested at an early age by his mother. My mom explained to me that Uncle Jack was actually her step brother since her biological dad died a year after she was born, and Jack’s dad divorced his wife after she molested their son. The people I know as my grandparents actually married when my mom was only a year old and Jack was five. They grew up as brother and sister, so it didn’t seem worth mentioning to anyone else that he wasn’t technically related to any of us. She told me all this because she wanted to make sure I don’t hurt his feelings if I do move in with him since women are kind of a sore subject with him. I told her I’d think it over.

Sunday night:

Okay, Uncle Jack’s about to leave. I know it’s weird, but I’m going with him. I just can’t face anyone at school tomorrow. With the newspaper and now the restaurant, I don’t think I can show my face around town anymore. I know it’s not ideal, but that’s the way it has to be. I’m glad he packed my suitcase for me since I wouldn’t have had time to pack it myself. He even carried it to the car for me! Because I’m moving on, I’m going to be deactivating my facebook and other social networking profiles I have, including this blog. I can’t be identified as “naked girl” anymore. I guess this is goodbye. Maybe I’ll come back here once things cool down, which won’t be for a while. So long.
