			HOLLY-WOOD? OR PLASTIC?


DISCLAIMERS

This story contains the following adult content: F/F, Anal, toys, consensual/non-
consensual sex.  You mus be over the age of 18 to read this.  If you are not, or do not 
enjoy this kind of material, do not read further.

THIS STORY IS A WORK OF FICTION.  NO INFRINGEMENT, DEFAMATION, 
ETC. ETC.,  IS INTENDED.  THE CELEBRITIES IN THIS STORY, WHILE REAL, 
DO NOT ACTUALLY BEHAVE IN THIS MANNER (EXCEPT FOR THE ONE ITEM 
CHAPTER 1 BEGINS ON, WHICH IS A WELL-PUBLICIZED INCIDENT.)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHAPTER 5.

			ONE LAST BIG BLOWOUT


	When word got out that Drew had been snubbed in favor of Pink, & that Madonna 
& her new pals had anally worked over the sweet , virginous little Hilary, Drew 
Barrymore was PISSED.  While she personally couldn't care less about Madonna's 
appetites, the snub dissed her, BADLY.  And, Madonna was rumored to be after a lot 
more sweet young chocolate cherries, among them Kirsten Dunst & Drew's co-angel, 
Cameron Diaz.  Drew, Cameron, & Lucy Liu sat down to plan revenge.  Rumor had it 
Madonna was going to pop Kirsten's back door open after a party for "Mona Lisa Smile." 
Kirsten's co-star, Julia Roberts, was going to do the honors, & get some herself, as well.  
The trio would wait until then, & just drop in for some fun...

	When 'MLS' got the nod for the Golden Globe, Madonna invited Uma to partake 
of Julia & Kirsten.  Demi, of course, was on hand to help with the main course.  Julia was 
no stranger to a hard rod up her ass, she'd swung both ways for a while.  Madonna just 
wanted to take her down a peg or two.  Once the five were good & drunk, Madonna 
pretended to ignore Kirsten, at first leaving her to Demi's affections while she made 69 
with Julia.  Uma was content to watch (for the moment).  When Demi had eaten Kirsten 
out to Ohio & back, they tied Kirsten up on the bed.  Julia, meanwhile, was lolling, 
pleasantly tired.  Madonna straddled her & snuggled down.  M: "Y'know, you're pretty 
good."  J: "I try to be.  I'll never be in your league, though."  M: "You better believe it, 
BITCH!" J: "OOOWWW!!" Madonna had bitten down on Julia's nipple, HARD.  
'SMACK!' M: "Quiet, bitch.  You're getting too big for your panties, thinking you're a 
two-way diva.  There's room for only ONE queen of the back passage; & I hold that title.  
You CAN be a player on my court; IF you pass my test."  "WAIT a semMMPHH!!!"  
Demi had wrapped a sock around Julia's mouth.  M: "If you're good, you'll get a piece of 
the treat you brought.  If not..." Madonna forcefully rolled Julia over.  As was her habit, 
Madonna had a double headed dildo in herself.  She extricated the end she kept up her 
butt, while Uma bound Julia hand & foot with Mad's leather & fur cuffs.  Then, 
Madonna mounted Julia & drove her dildo up Julia's derriere.  "!!!!!" Julia's eyes 
widened as Madonna's pole penetrated her pooper, & she writhed as she tried to get out 
from under.  Madonna answered her struggles by wrapping herself around Julia's frame 
& just reaming away.  Tiring after quite a while, she got up & let Demi board the train.  
Demi rammed home a strap-on, a super-smooth 10" by 3" firm boy.  It stretched Julia's 
slim bottom, splaying her cheeks open.  Julia's buns wobbled as Demi dry-fucked her.  
"MMMMMM!!! MMM-MMMM!!!" Julia howled in pain through her gag as Demi's 
hard rape rubbed her rectal entry raw.  Julia's bottom looked like hemmrhoids wanted to 
pop up as Demi yanked out a final time.  Uma, meanwhile, was waiting with the bumpy 
13" x 5" super hard.  Hers, fortunately for Julia, was completely slathered with vaseline 
& positively dripping with KY.  Madonna applied a tube of KY to Julia's raw rear end, & 
then applied two jars of vaseline.  Uma pulled Julia onto her knees & elbows, got behind 
her, & pressed...

	"mmmMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Julia screamed through her gag as Uma grabbed her by the hips & 
forcefully pulled Julia's backside onto her king-sized phallus, splitting Julia open as she 
augured upward, boring deeply up Julia's behind.  Uma pumped... pushed.... 
"MMMmmm...." Julia's eyes flew up in her head as Uma banged into her dirty g-spot.  
She peed & came all over herself, shit all over Uma's dildo, & slumped, out cold.  Uma 
wrapped herself around Julia's prone form & continued to batter her bottom, reaming her 
rectum out until it was thoroughly wrecked.  

	Kirsten, meanwhile, came to while Uma literally fucked the shit out of Julia, & 
her eyes bugged out.  "Not to worry, Kirsty," said Madonna, "we'll be nice.  We're going 
to teach you to ADORE a BIG, STIFF rod up your butt."  Madonna began to finger 
Kirsten's bottom as Uma continued to bore the hell out of Julia's butt.  On the bed with 
them, Madonna had some small anal beads.  She squirted a little KY into Kirsten's crack, 
& teased the first bead... "!!" Kirsten's eyes widened as she felt a finger prod a bead 
through her tight backdoor.  "!!!" A second... a third... ... "All in!" Madonna had strung 
all five beads up Kirsten's bottom.  She then pulled the ring on the string... it gave 
Kirsten a pulling sensation... 'POP!' .. "!!".. 'POP!'.. "MMmm!!" 'POP... POP... POP!" 
When the last bead was out, Madonna sunk her middle finger up Kirsten's center & felt 
her up.  Coming away dirty, Madonna applied KY to Kirsten's bottom & to the double 
header she always kept in herself.  She snuggled up.  "Ready?" "Mm-Hmm!" Kirsten 
nodded.  "Watch them.  Think that that's us.  That BIIIGG pole... up your butt.  You want 
it, don't you? We'll teach you how to take it."  Uma was having a time up Julia's ass as 
Madonna stroked her fake dick back & forth in Kirsten's crease... gently pushed the 
head... iin... gently prying... openn... "?!..Mmm.." Kirsten blasted off quickly as Mad's 
slim shit snake slithered up her shithole.  Madonna rode... gently... then harder... Demi 
watched as she frigged her bottom with her own big dildo, enthralled by the twin ass 
fuckings.  Madonna pulled out of Kirsten as Uma tired of Julia's sloppy ass at last.  Demi 
got up & took the opportunity to bring up one of Madonna's penetrating pistons as 
Madonna got out one of her 19" long black 'rambone'(s), & Uma grabbed lube in large 
quantities.  Together, they rigged up the rambone to ream Julia's rectum deeper than ever 
before.  Uma greased... Madonna pushed... & Julia moaned in gratification as the new toy 
made it's presence known in her poopchute.  Deeper... deeper... when it wouldn't go 
farther, almost half it's length in Julia's body, they attached the base to the machine, 
greased it & her until they both were dripping, & turned it on.  Julia hit the high note & 
stayed on it as the rambone banged against her inner ring, dilating... opening... snaking 
through... raping 'round her 's' curve, boring into Julia's butt all the way to the balls.  
Madonna programmed it to variably push & pull the entire length, alternating with a deep 
'last inch only' in & out, tormenting Julia with its endless fullness...  all she could do was 
hang on to the bole up her asshole & ride it for all she was worth...

	"That'll giver her a hobby!" said Demi.  "Now, for our new butt meat!" M: "Now, 
go easy.  I've broken her bottom's cherry, but go slowly."  Demi applied KY to her 10" x 
3" super smooth & mounted Kirsten, dilating her deliciously.  Kirsten moaned... Demi 
responded... & the duo gave an orgasmic performance as Demi led Kirsten to climax, 
then took her back just at the brink... keeping her there... refusing to let Kirsty go over the 
edge... Kirsten's face reddened... M: "She's gonna blow!"... PPHHHHBBBTTTT!!!! 
Kirsten pushed, & her rectum exploded with a slippery & gaseous anal orgasm, shitting 
lube & dirt back onto the dildo which Demi was driving into her ass channel.  

	Finally, Demi pulled out, & Uma was waiting, with none other than the 13" x 5" 
super hard & bumpy, greased heavily.  She pushed... Kirsten hummed a high note... Uma 
stretched Kirsten open as widely as she could... Kirsten pushed... spread herself open... & 
Uma sank herself upward, invading Kirsten's innards in a way Kirsten savored 
deliciously.  Uma's hips met Kirsty's buns... the big dildo was fully inserted... Kirsten 
spread herself as far as she could... & her inner sphincter unfurled, allowing access to her 
higher reaches.  As it touched her anal g, just inside... Kirsten detonated.  Uma stroked 
back... up.. harder... HARDER... "Harder! HARDER! FUCKME UMA FUCK ME! 
FUCK MY ASS! UP MY ASS! UP MY BUTT! FUCK ME UP THE BUTT! FUCK UP 
MY BUTT! FUCK my butt! FUCK... MY... BUTT!! FUCK! OHHHH, FUCK! BUTT 
FUCK! BUTTFUCK! BUTT...FUCK! BUTTFUCKMEUMA! BUTT... FUCK... 
MEEE...." Kirsten howled & nattered insanely as Uma reamed her out, drowning in her 
lust... fucking Kirsten like a madwoman... Kirsten came.... came... CAME... K:" GIMME 
A BIG ONE LIKE JULIA'S GOT! NOWWW!!!"

	BLAMMM!!! The doors to the playroom burst open.  There, to the surprise of all 
present, stood the women of "Charlie's Angels" in all their glory.  D: "My, what a pretty 
sight! The BIG butt bitches of HollyPlastic, all dirty & skanky.  Mind if WE crash this 
party?" Before the others could react, Lucy was on Demi, Cameron was on Uma, & Drew 
went after Madonna.  The hostesses were quickly bound & gagged.  Cameron went to 
Julia's aid.  C: "OOOOHH!! Hey, you two! Miss High & Mighty has been bitched out, 
butt good! She's SLOPPY!!!!"  Indeed, Julia had relished every everlasting butt blasting 
second, so much so that she'd orgasmed every fluid all over the couch.  She'd pissed & 
gushed cum all over herself, her outer sphincter was bleeding from the previous raw 
rammings, & she was dripping a mix of KY, vaseline, & shit that could only have been 
made by a seriously hard assfuck.  Cam let her up.  "Have fun?" Julia turned beet red.  C: 
"Get your sloppy ass out of here, bitch." Julia went.  

	The angels let  Kirsten up.  "Here.  Take this."  Cameron gave her the rambone 
Julia had been reamed with.  "Take it home & use it, but CAREFULLY.  Madonna 
would have made a full two-liter soda bottle fit in your ass, wide end up, before she was 
done.  Get lost."  Kirsten went.

	Drew let Madonna have it (verbally).  "Dis me, will you? You're gonna get it, 
bitch.  No, I take it back.  YOU'RE not.  Lucy & I are gonna rape you rawer than ever 
before, while Demi & Uma will be allowed to get into sweet Cameron's already fucked 
ass.  Cam LOVES guys up her butt! No chocolate cherry for you.  She'll GLADLY take 
their tools & leave you wanting.  You'll never get a taste of her.  Give us a show, willya, 
sweetie?" (the last directed at Cameron).  "LOVE TO!" 

	Cameron put on a pair of big, black, old-style Pioneer headphones she found over 
in Madonna's recording studio, took the pointed plug, & pushed it up her bottom.  With 
the cord hanging from her ears to her rear, dangling from her ass like a tail, Cameron 
danced & shimmied, showing the cord dangling from her asshole with great relish.  They 
all gaped at her as she swung the cord to & fro.  Finally, Cam pulled it out, & took 
Demi's strap-on out of it's harness.  She then got on all fours & faced her butt to them as 
she sucked the big dildo & got it slick, & then shoved it up her ass.  She took her hands 
away, pushing & pulling it out & in using only her rectal muscles.  Then, she lay on her 
back, took hold of it with her hands again, & just fucked her ass loose with it.  Finally...

	"Let them up."   Demi & Uma were freed.  Cam gave Demi back her dildo.  
"Both of you: grease me up & fuck me with what you've got."  Demi rammed hers home, 
back into Cameron's behind, & got her slick, sloppy, & loose.  Uma then took over, 
dilating Cam's sweet ass & impaling her with that 13" x 5" bumpy bong, taking her out 
to Ohio, while Demi drove her dirty dick into Cameron's poon.  Cameron sat on them 
both, blissing out on being sandwiched.  They fucked Cameron permanently loose while 
Lucy & Drew had at Madonna.

	Lucy started with another one of Madonna's black rambones, & bored the bole 
into the bound Madonna's butt once it was heavily lubed.  Lucy was as vicious off screen 
as she was on, kneading & clawing at Madonna's ass cheeks as she impaled Mad on the 
massive shaft.  Madonna was mewling in rapture through her gag, wrapped around the 
mega-boles all-dominating presence up her ass; coming, pissing, shitting, & farting as her 
alimentary canal arced & sparked in orgasmic overload.  Lucy pulled out hard, prolapsing 
about an inch of Madonna's anus outside her.  "Put that back in," Madonna commanded.  
Lucy smacked her upside the head once as she got up & let Drew take her place.  Drew 
had a 15"x 6" super smooth bong with a prominent head.  Lucy pulled Madonna's cheeks 
apart, Drew pressed... & Madonna's anus pooped back into place as Drew forcibly 
dilated her derriere.  Up... UUPP...SCHOOOMMPP!!!  It sank all the way up Madonna's 
shitpipe.  "OoooOOOHHHH!!!" Drew slicked lots of KY all over Madonna's behind & 
Mad wound up riding it well.  Tiring of the game after a while, Drew & Lucy produced 
smaller dildos similar to Demi's in size, strapped them on & greased them up.  Lucy lay 
back, & Drew made Madonna sit on it, with her back to Lucy.  Drew pushed Mad back & 
down onto Lucy, Lucy grabbed onto Madonna's hips, & Drew pushed her dildo up into 
Madonna's butt alongside Lucy's.  They both rooted around & reamed her ass out, taking 
her back to dimensions of dilation Madonna hadn't experienced since Demi, Christina, & 
Britney had blown her out, several months before.  As they looked over at Cameron, they 
could see Uma & Demi still plowing away at Cameron's ass, Cam completely lost in butt 
bubbling ecstasy.  Quite a while later, they tired of double reaming Madonna, & Drew 
got up.  Finding a wine bottle, she went back with it & sunk it unceremoniously up 
Madonna's ass.  Madonna whimpered & held it in, grunting around its fullness, with only 
the neck of the bottle protruding from her poophole.  Finally, Madonna shat it out on the 
mattress.  

	"Shall we?" "YES!" Lucy found Madonna's foot-round 'black beauty', 4' tall & 
rounded off.  They put it on the sex piston that had banged away at Julia not long before, 
& lubed it copiously.  They positioned Mad in front of it, with the rounded 'non-head' of 
the bole a mere inch away from her bottom.  They programmed it for max settings, & 
turned it on...

	Stars blew before Madonna's eyes as the tree trunk blasted her sphincter wide 
open, penetrating a foot deep... it yanked back... bored in... Madonna was lost in atomic 
delirium as they let it run for an hour.  Cameron was STILL ably riding Demi & Uma, 
showing no desire to stop as they rocked her back & forth.  Cameron was obviously in 
loved with the 15" x 6" bumpy bong Uma was boring up her bottom.  So, as Madonna 
got ripped a bigger one, Lucy & Drew took turns fucking each other up their ass with the 
dildos Demi preferred, then changing to double dongs, screwing each other in both their 
holes back to back, sharing two squirmy shit snakes each running between their cunts & 
two more in their poopchutes.  

	When, finally, Madonna was acommodating her ramrod with unbelievable ease, 
they removed it & replaced it with a 5' long super bole, over 16" wide at the trunk with a 
flared head, the very same one Madonna had had to have removed after she'd been gang-
banged by Demi, Christina, & Britney.  They hooked it up & let it run...  It banged in... 
ripped out...   rending Madonna's rectal sphincter with every pass, sinking up her shitpipe 
until she was rumbling orgasmically around the upper quarter of the trunk.  "She's gonna 
need a doctor to get that out!" "She did when Brit, Chris & I used it on her, too!" called 
Demi.  The two turned it off when Madonna was impaled as far as they dared let it 
without causing extreme internal injury.  Cameron had dismounted her tormentors & was 
sitting a rambone on the table.  As they watched, she greased it, & then sat down... 
DOWN... taking it up... UP... riding up & down... the others couldn't believe their eyes! 
Sweet Cameron, taking a BIG, LONG dong ALL the way UP HER BUTT!  19" of meat, 
all of it up her tiny little ass! 'How could her tiny body acommodate it?' they thought.  
"Hook me up!" Cameron begged.  Then, she rose up from the table, & waddled over to 
where Madonna lay near the couch.  They unhooked Madonna, who was lying 
completely inert, overloaded on the endorphins surging through her erogenous zones.  
Cam lay over the back of the sofa, showing the balls of the mighty cock snugged 
comfortably in her golden bum.  Uma & Demi watched in amazement as Lucy & Drew 
attached the piston's clamp to the base of Cam's crapper-cramming cock & set it to 
push/pull only 2" either way.  "Gotta try THAT!" Drew cried out as Cam began to ride.  
Demi then remarked, "Madonna's got enough pistons for a dozen people, all of which 
can pump & spin.  Get one for each of us.  All soon were mimicking Cameron, Uma's 
bottom wrapped around her favorite big 'n' bumpy muscle missile, Demi taking a roto-
rootering from her favored 6' x 6" double-headed super shit snake, Lucy riding her 11" x 
4" firm but flexible dick, & Drew impaled on another of Madonna's 19 x 4 rambones.  
They lost themselves in anal ecstasy well into the wee hours, slept awhile, & started 
again, still enratpured on their rectum reaming tush-pushers when Madonna's maid came 
to tidy up in the morning.  Embarassed, they called Madonna's doctor to once again 
remove the massive bole from her blissed out body, & left.  "What a night; we've GOT to 
do this LOTS more often!" Cameron was heard to remark, as she waddled away with her 
rambone still stuck up her butt, & looking forward to her own M.D's ministrations of 
rectal probe removal.

	END

                  

