Katerina's Classroom Demonstration
by NS2000 

As she reluctantly peeled her panties down her legs, Katerina felt almost as if in a trance--that she was outside of herself, and the woman who was fully naked in front of a classroom of 9th grade students was somebody else. But the feeling of air on her pussy brought her back to reality, and she was suddenly fully conscious of what was happening.

She bent forward to step out of the last bit of clothing that had provided her any modesty, her breasts gently swaying in front of her, then casually cast her panties aside and stood, completely naked, with her arms at her sides facing the students.

She could hear some faint mumblings around the classroom--utterances like "oh wow" and "holy shit," likely from some of the boys who were setting eyes on a vagina for the first time--but maybe some of the girls as well. Katerina felt fully and completely exposed. Many of the students--mostly the boys, Katerina noticed--were busy snapping photos of her now-fully nude body. She saw Blake in particular focusing the lens of his camera while he apparently zoomed in. No doubt, Katerina thought, about what he is snapping a photo of. Sher blushed profusely as her friend's brother, mouth slightly agape, continued to photograph her naked body.

Ms. Weatherby broke the tension in the room by walking over to Katerina and speaking out.

"Thank you, Ms. Katerina," she said. "Class, as you can see, Ms. Katerina is now fully nude--we now see precisely what her body looks like underneath all of her clothing. As you can see, she keeps her public region shaved, as is common for many women these days. Judging from the stubble around her vagina, I am guessing she shaved as recently as this morning, probably in anticipation of this demonstration--is that correct, Ms. Katerina?"

Katerina, thoroughly mortified, nodded gently in affirmation.

"Very good," Ms. Weatherby said. "Now, class, how you are seeing Ms. Katerina now--fully nude--is likely something only a few people have seen. This would include her sexual partners, as well as perhaps her doctor. As we've discussed, except in a few select circumstances, women do not generally parade around completely nude, so how you are seeing Ms. Katarina right now is an exceptional situation, and I do hope you appreciate that.

As we have been doing, I would like to get your thoughts on her body and what you are seeing. Does anyone want to volunteer?"

The class for a moment was silent, and Katerina could hear her own heart racing in her ears. Finally, one of the boys she'd learned was named Daniel raised his hand.

"I think she looks really good naked," he offered. Several other students nodded in agreement.

"And why do you say that, Daniel?" Ms. Weatherby asked.

"Well, um," he stammered a bit, "I like how you can see her pussy very clearly, since she is shaved. It looks really nice. And her hips are really pronounced--you can really get a sense of her hourglass figure now that she isn't wearing any clothing."

"Very good," said Ms. Weatherby. "Anyone else? Yes, Amy?" Ms. Weathewrby pointed to the girl in the front row.

"Yeah, um, Ms. Katerina, what's sticking out between your vagina?"

Katerina blushed profusely at the directness of the question.

"Ah," said Ms. Weatherby, "a very good question. From this angle, what you are seeing there is Ms. Katerina's clitoris--or rather, her clitoral hood. As we have discussed, the clitoris is the main organ of sexual stimulation for women. Touching or rubbing the clitoris is often what brings women to orgasm, though stimulating other areas can work as well.

With regards to Katerina's pubic area, this is where we can notice some of the differences in how women's external reproductive organs present themselves. Some women's clitoral hoods and inner labia are completely covered by their outer labia. Others, like Ms. Katerina here, are more exposed."

In truth, Katerina hated how prominent her inner labia were. She thought it made her pussy look ugly, and she would sneak glances at other women's pussies in the showers at the gym and feel twinges of jealousy at how neat and tidy they looked. It thus made it that much more embarrassing for Katerina that the teacher and students were now so fixated on this most private of parts of her.

Kevin raised his hand. "Ms. Weatherby, you said we were seeing Ms. Katerina's clitoral hood--does that mean the clitoris is underneath it?"

"Correct Kevin," the teacher responded. "As we have discussed in class, unless aroused, a woman's clitoris is covered by the clitoral hood. This prevents unwanted stimulation of the clitoris--can you imagine if every step you took throughout the day was stimulating your primary sexual organ? It would make daily life quite difficult."

This caused several of the students to chuckle a bit. Meanwhile, all eyes remained firmly fixated on Katerina's pussy.

"Can we, uh, see her clitoris?" Kevin asked.

"Yes, of course," Ms. Weatherby responded. "Ms. Katerina, would you kindly raise your clitoral hood and expose your clitoris to the students?"

No matter how long she was here, Katerina would never adjust to the bluntness and directness of these questions. They were so completely unnatural for anyone to be asked these things. She nearly imperceptibly winced at the question. Then, using her left thumb and middle finger to spread open her outer labia, she used her right index finger to gently push up her clitoral hood and expose her small, pink flower to the class. Other than her gynecologist, no one other than the half dozen or so guys she had slept with had ever seen this part of her. She flushed red with embarrassment as all of the students craned their necks to get a view. Again, the cameras came out.

One boy who was seated towards the front of the class, made no effort to hide his interest as he craned forward, zoomed in closely on her public region, and took a burst of photos as Katerina stood there, holding her vaginal lips apart.

"It's so tiny," the boy said as he leaned back in his seat. The girls in the class, meanwhile, were silent, no doubt comparing the clitoris of the fully grown adult in front of them to their own, and considering how they measured up.

"Yes," Miss Weatherby said, "in its non-aroused state, the clitoris is a very small organ. Although--" and here the teacher bent down to get a closer view of Katerina's clitoris as the mortified continued to lift her hood, "--it looks like it might be slightly enlogating, likely due to the gentle stimulation that Ms. Katerina is subjecting it to. In other words, we are witnessing the beginning of the arousal of Ms. Katerina's clitoris. This is quite similar to how her clitoris would look if she was preparing for intercourse."

My GOD, Katerina thought to herself. Could this possibly get anymore embarrassing? She was horrified to realize that what the teacher was saying was correct--she could feel herself getting actually turned on by the situation, and had also begun feeling a dampness in between her labia. In spite of everything her rational brain was telling her, her body found what was happening--arousing? Exciting? She could not believe it, and it made her even more embarrassed, if such a thing was even possible.

"OK, that's enough of that for now, Ms. Katerina. You may remove your hands," Ms. Weatherby said, which Katerina was quite grateful for. "Before we proceed further with a more thorough examination of Ms. Katerina's vagina, I would like to have her turn to the side again so that we can all get a fuller perspective of her nude body from that angle."

She was nearly used to this by now, and so turned to her right to give the students a view of her fully naked profile from her left side.

"Note, again, how her left breast looks from this angle and how it slopes slightly downwards on her chest," Miss Weatherby pointed out, "and how you get a better sense of the shape and form of her breasts. Note also the curvature of her buttocks, now fully unclothed, and her upper thighs, down to her feet. Picture, class, how you imagined Ms. Katerina's body would look when she was standing in this pose fully clothed, and how she looks now. It is a good example of what clothing does--and does not--tell us about someone's body."

Here, she paused a moment to let all of the students pour their eyes over Katerina's body as she continued to stand at attention, facing the side.

"Ms. Katerina, would you please turn again to face away from us, and present the students with an uncovered view of your buttocks?"

Katerina sighed and, without protest, did as she was told, exposing her fully nude backside to the class.

"Now class," Miss Weatherby said, "there were some comments earlier about how some of you thought her butt looked rather small and flat against the rest of her body. Now, we are seeing her buttocks fully uncovered. So I want to revisit that question: what do we feel about Ms. Katerina's butt now?"

One girl raised her hand. "I think it actually looks really nice and smooth," she said. "It doesn't look small to me."

A couple of other students nodded in agreement.

A boy raised his hand. "It does look very firm and tight, it's better looking at it straight on. From the side though, I think I'd like it better if it were fuller and rounder."

Another boy spoke up. "I like how you can make out a bit of her vaginal lips at the top of her thighs."

"Good observation," Ms. Weather by said. "Yes, women with exposed inner labia like Katerina will often display them when standing fully nude facing away. Had she a vagina where the outer labia covered everything, it is unlikely you would be seeing the outline of her lips from this angle.

Does anyone else have any other comments about Ms. Katerina's buttocks or backside?"

Katerina turned her head over her left shoulder to look, and saw Blake raise his hand. "Oh god," she thought.

"Yes," he said with a smirk. "I wonder if Ms. Katerina has ever had anal sex, and whether she enjoyed it?"

'A fair question to ask," Ms. Weatherby said. "Well, Ms. Katerina?"

Katerina was silent for a moment, not wanting to divulge this incredibly personal information to her friend's brother--or to the entire class for that matter. Biting her lower lip, she finally responded.

"Yes, once, and no, I didn't enjoy it."

Blake smiled with satisfaction at getting this bit of information from Kat. He also felt his already pronounced erection grow stiffer as his mind pictured Katerina getting rammed from behind.

"This is actually a topic that varies greatly from woman to woman," Ms. Weatherby said. "Someone women find that they can become quite stimulated by having their anus penetrated. Others--such as Ms. Katerina, apparently--do not find the experience as enjoyable. Despite what some may tell you, anal sex can be an entirely safe and enjoyable activity--but make sure that you have the consent of your partner before engaging in its not everyone necessarily enjoys it."

Ms. Weather by turned to Katerina: “Can you explain to the class why you didn’t enjoy anal sex, Katerina?”

Katerina swallowed hard at the intrusiveness of the question before responding. “It, um…well, it made me feel very full, and not in a good way. Also I don’t think we used enough lubricant.”

“A very good point,” Ms. Weatherby stated. “Unlike her vagina, Ms. Katerina’s rectum would not have created natural lubricant for her sexual partner to enter her. If she did not use sufficient lubricant, it very well could have been an unpleasant experience.”

Blake raised his hand once more. "Yes, Blake?" the teacher asked.

"Yeah, could Miss Katerina please display her anus to us? Many of us boys have not seen a woman's butthole before."

"Yes, of course," Miss. Weatherby said. "Miss Katerina, kindly spread your butt cheeks apart and display your anus for the class."

She really, truly thought she would simply die of embarrassment. She had not even exposed herself in this way to her boyfriends--quite literally no one had ever gotten the view that Blake and the class were about to get. Inhaling deeply, she reached around with both hands, and spread her cheeks apart in order to present the class with an unencumbered view.

"Can you please bend over slightly to give the students a better view," Miss Weatherby asked Katerina, who was well past the point of expecting any grain of modesty during this demonstration. She proceeded to bend over slightly and further stick her butt out towards the class.

All of the students leaned forwards in their desks to try and get a good view.

Another boy raised his hand. "Ms. Weatherby, may we come up and more closely inspect Ms. Katerina's anus, please?"

"Thank you for asking respectfully," the teacher responded. "Yes, of course. Class, as we did with Ms. Katerina's breasts, please form a line to closely inspect her anus. Remember, no touching, and please do not take long so that everybody has a chance to get a good view."

Katerina could not in her wildest imagination dream up a scenario more embarrassing for her than this one. She watched as an entire classroom full of 9th grade students rose up from their seats--many of the boys with visible erections--and proceeded to line up so that they could closely inspect her exposed butthole. It was beyond horrible, and worse--she had absolutely no recourse but to stand there and take it.

One by one, the students walked up to her and leaned forwards, their eyes mere inches from that most private of places on Katerina's body. Many photos were taken of her crinkled, rose colored hole. She was thankful that she had taken the time to be so thorough in the shower this morning.

One girl, peering closely at her anus, asked "Ms. Weatherby, is it normal for girls to have some hair around their butthole, like Ms. Katerina has?"

"It's entirely normal, yes," said Ms. Weatherby. "That is merely an extension of Ms. Katerina's public hair. However, because--for obvious reasons--it is difficult to shave that area, you see the hair more visibly than what you see around her vagina. Some women choose to get their public area waxed, which removes all of the hair--including that around the anus."

Satisfied, the girl moved on.

Blake was up next, and Katerina was dreading what he would say. She felt, more than watched, his face just inches from her body and--she wears--felt him blow gently on her pussy. She instinctively shuddered at the feeling--which wasn't;t entirely awful.

"Did it hurt?" he suddenly asked.

"What?" Katerina responded.

"When you had anal sex--did it hurt?"

"Um, it, uh," Katerina stammered in answer to this intensely probing question by her friend's brother. “Like I said, I just felt very full. Uncomfortably full. It didn't really hurt so much as it didn't feel very good."

Blake continued looking intently at her little puckered opening, then nodded and stepped away smiling. He did not even attempt to mask the erection that was bulging in his pants by this point.

Miss Weatherby watched as the students continued to file by. Eventually, after everyone had gotten a good, close look and had returned to their seats, Miss Weatherby told Katerina she could release her buttocks, stand up straight and turn back around to face the class.

"Thank you for that, Miss. Katerina," the teacher said. "I would like to move on with our lesson now, Please, could you kindly climb up and sit on the stool?"

Katerina, who could sense where the lesson was headed, quietly pulled the stool forward to the front of the class and climbed onto it, her legs closed together to maintain what modicum of modesty she could.

"Previously," Miss Weatherby began, "we had a view of what Miss Katerina looked like fully naked when looking at her straight ahead. We also had her display her clitoris and her anus for your inspection. I would now like to provide a more thorough examination of her genitalia to give the class a good understanding of the female anatomy.

Given the vagina's location on a woman's body, people are generally limited in what they can see of her, even when she is fully nude. But when sitting or lying down, it presents a much greater opportunity to fully take in their vagina and greater pubic region. With that in mind, Miss Katerina, would you kindly spread open your legs and expose your vagina thoroughly to the class?"

Katerina inhaled sharply. This was it, she thought. Perhaps the singular moment she dreaded the most. The action that had driven her to tears the previous night when contemplating it. Be strong, she told herself. You are almost through this. She took one final deep inhalation of breath, and proceeded to fully open her legs and reveal her most private womanly charms to the 9th grade class.

The only sound in the room was the gentle shuffling of desks and chairs as all of the students--boys and girls alike--leaned forward to take in the view of Katerina's vagina.

Blake, who had quietly maneuvered his desk closer to the front of the class, stared intently at the exposed crotch of his sister's friend, taking in this most private of views.

"Alright class," said Miss Weatherby finally, "what you are seeing now is again something likely very few people in Miss Katerina's life has seen: a close, unencumbered view of her vagina and other reproductive organs."

"I will point some things out to you, and then would like your comments and well. We can see that her outer labia--" and here, Miss Weatherby leaned down and pointed her right index finger at Katerina's outer lips--"are a darker red in color. As a woman becomes sexually aroused, more blood flows into the labia and they take on a darker hue. Most women's labia are naturally a darker color than the skin around her upper thighs and pubic region, but this is more pronounced when a woman is sexually aroused.

Note also her particularly pronounced clitoral hood, which you had seen from another angle. Here, you can get a better sense of how, when a man's penis is penetrating Katerina's vagina, he can rub against her clitoris, giving her the stimulation required for orgasm.

Finally, I want to draw your attention to her especially pronounced inner labia, which protrude quite visibly from between her outer labia. This has already been remarked on, and recall that you could see them just underneath her buttocks when she was standing facing away from you--but here, you can get a good sense of exactly what they look like. Miss Katerina's inner labia, by the way, look very similar to what most women's inner labia look like--the only difference being hers are more exposed.

As we have discussed, whether or not you find exposed inner labia attractive is an issue of personal taste. Some do, whereas others find a more 'cleaner' look attractive."

Ms. Weatherby paused briefly here to allow the students to process what they were seeing.

"Now, does anyone have any comments they would like to share?"

The sandy haired blonde boy raised his hand. "How...uh, how does the guy know where to put his...his..."

And here Ms. Weatherby interjected: "his penis? That's a good question, Andrew, and precisely why we are having this discussion. I can see why you would ask that question, as looking at Ms. Katerina's vagina you can surmise where an opening would be--but since her lips are closed, you cannot see it directly. The opening to Ms. Katerina's vagina will be below her clitoris, and in between where her inner labia come together. Surprisingly, not too far from her butthole. Miss Katerina, could you please spread your lips apart and show the students your vaginal opening?"

Katerina closed her eyes--she would never be used to this obscene level of exposure--then spread her lips apart, exposing the pink, inner view of her vaginal opening and her urethra. Mortifyingly, she found that she was getting rather wet, and felt her womanly lubricant on her fingers as she pulled her lips apart. She could also--must to her extreme embarrassment--feel her clitoris enlarging.

"Thank you," Miss Weatherby said. "Now can you see her opening, Andrew?"

"Yes, he replied, mouth agape. "It looks really pink."

"Correct," Ms. Weatherby said. "All vaginas look this way--once you get past the inner and outer labia, the tissue takes on a bright pink appearance. The opening is, of course, where the man inserts his penis during intercourse. The inside of a vagina is soft and ribbed and, during intercourse, becomes quite moist, providing comfortable and engaging stimulation for the male. When he orgasms, if he is not wearing protection, he ejaculates his semen into Katerina’s vagina and into her cervix, which sits at the back of the vagina. The cervix leads into her womb, which is where contraception can occur if Katerina is fertile. And that, students, is the essence of reproductive sex."

The students did not respond, as they were too busy feasting their eyes on Katerina's exposed vagina in front of them. Blake, in particular, felt as though he might explode into his pants simply by what he was seeing. It was simply incredible.

Finally, another boy raised his hand.

"What's that little hole above her vaginal entrance," he asked.

"That is her urethra," Miss Weatherby responded. "It is how girls urinate. For boys of course, the urethra leads to the head of the penis--and this is what a woman's looks like."

This was of course very familiar to all of the girls in the class, but they were still transfixed by staring at the fully exposed vagina of the full-grown adult in front of them.

"Alright Miss Katerina, you may close your vagina now." Katerina, relieved at thinking the worst was finally over, released her lips and brought her hands back to her sides.

"Now," the teacher continued, "does anyone else have any observations about Miss Katerina's vaginal region? What do you think?"

The girl who made smarmy comments about Katerina's butt and breasts raised her hands. "I don't think her vagina looks very good," she said. "The inner labia look all crinkly and weird."

Whoever that girl was, Katerina thought, she hated her. She could only hope that someday in the future, the girl would find herself in Katerina's position, and would know what it felt like to have such comments made about her body.

"Ok," Miss Weatherby said, “that's a rather crude but fair observation. As I said, not everyone thinks exposed inner labia are an attractive feature."

"Yeah, I am glad my pussy is very neat and doesn't look like this," the girl said.

"Well, thank you for sharing that," Miss Weatherby said, while several of the students surpassed a few giggles.

"All right, any other observations, class? Or shall we wrap things up with Miss Katerina here?"

Katerina began ever so slightly to relax, as she could finally sense of the end of this awful demonstration was in sight. She allowed her mind to briefly wander to views of her scrambling to put her clothes back on and run as quickly as she could out of this infernal place, never to return to it. She felt that she would be forever scarred and shamed by this experience, but was also quick to be done with it.

Her slight feelings of relief were short lived, however, as she heard Blake's voice suddenly speak out.

"Miss Weatherby, why does Miss Katerina's vagina look shiny?"

The teacher bent down to look at Katerina's vagina, still spread open on the stool, and could see that it was indeed glistening, and there were small strands of lubricant between her lips.

"Well," she said, "it would appear that Miss Katerina is sexually aroused at the moment, likely from the experience of exposing herself to everyone in the classroom. This is not uncommon. Look, class," and here she pointed directly at Katerina's vagina, "recall how I said a woman's labia tend to get darker as they are sexually aroused? Look at how Katerina's labia are colored now, as compared to several minutes ago--you can clearly see that they have darkened. Note, also, that her clitoris has begun to emerge from its hood--a signal that her body is aroused and seeking stimulation. But to Blake's point, the glistening that you see is the natural lubricant her body is creating in her vagina because she is sexually aroused. This is Katerina's body's way of preparing itself for sexual intercourse, and a good indication of her level of arousal."

Katerina thought that she would simply evaporate at these words--exposing herself was awful enough, but to have her body betray her in this way-and to have it so publicly seen--was beyond anything she ever thought she could bear. How did anyone get through this, she thought. Meanwhile, she was appalled to discover that she was continuing to get more wet and more turned on as this went on. What was wrong with her? She should not be getting aroused by this. But the reaction of her clit and pussy was telling her otherwise--indeed, she was beginning to crave release.

She wondered where things would go from here--and whether this would finally bring an end to the demonstration, or whether more was in store. She prayed for the latter, but was disturbed by Blake's voice once again speaking up.

"That's interesting, Miss Weatherby," he said. "I think all of us would benefit more from this lesson if we could get a sense of what a female orgasm looks like. Since she is clearly aroused here, could we ask Ms. Katerina to stimulate herself to orgasm and watch her cum in front of us?"

Ms. Weatherby paused to consider this. This was not part of the standard curriculum, and while there was nothing in the guidelines expressly prohibiting it, she did wonder whether what Blake was asking truly fit within the scope of the class.

"I don't know, Blake," she said. "The guidelines do stipulate that there can be no sexual activity as part of this lesson. I am afraid I will need to decline that request."

Katerina felt momentarily overjoyed with relief. Finally, she thought, we have reached the line that would not be crossed. Now please, she thought, allow me to regain my modesty and leave this place!

However, Blake spoke up again.

"Yes, Ms. Weatherby, but the guidelines do state that there can be no sexual activity between the model and us students. It doesn't prohibit the model stimulating herself. And I think all of us would greatly benefit from a live demonstration of Miss Katerina bringing herself to orgasm today. Otherwise, we will be forced to seek this information out on our own."

Miss Weatherby paused again as she thought through the situation. Finally, she said, "You know Blake, you have made a persuasive argument. There is not anything in the guidelines that prohibit a model from stimulating themselves to orgasm, and I do agree that this would be beneficial to everyone."

Katerina felt like her heart was going to stop. Surely she would not be asked to masturbate herself to orgasm in front of these students? Could that possible be within the scope of this lesson??

"Miss Katerina," the teacher said, to Katerina's great chagrin, "please situate yourself on the table here with your legs opened towards the students, and demonstrate for them how you stimulate yourself to orgasm please."

Oh no, oh no, oh no, Katerina could only think. She would never be able to get past this moment in her life again--exposing herself to a bunch of 9th graders was awful enough, but now she was being asked to masturbate to orgasm in front of them? It was the most horrifying thing she could think of. She looked pleadingly at Miss Weatherby, but saw there would be no relenting, as her mind had been made up.

"Please, Miss Katerina, let's proceed with the lesson," the teacher said.

Holding back tears of embarrassment, Katerina stood up from the stool, pushed it aside, then climbed onto the table, well aware of the her swaying breasts and the intimate view of all her private parts that the students were seeing.

She laid back, placed her feet on the edge of the table, and--despite her brain screaming at her not to--proceeded to spread her legs apart and give the students an unfettered view of her open vagina.

She then slowly, reluctantly, brought her finger down and gently touched her clitoris. To her surprise, she felt a jolt of lightning throughout her body. Her clit was at full attention, and she could feel her vagina was sopping wet.

Against everything her rational brain was telling her, Katerina slowly released any semblance of modesty or privacy, and began gently rubbing her clit.

