Marya and Steve met while waiting in line at Starbucks. Steve was six feet tall with a lanky build. He had brown hair that he wore about one inch long over his head and a beard he kept clipped very short making him look about five days away from a shave pretty much all the time. He was a calm, easy going guy who didn't let too much bother him. He had a decent desk job, wasn't overly political, liked to read science fiction.
Marya was five foot four, kept herself in good shape by visiting a gym three times a week. She had longish brown hair that she habitually wore in a pony tail. She had dark blue eyes and pretty bowed lips and men did tend to pay her some attention. Steve noticed her slender yet curvy figure when he first saw her from behind.
Neither of them remember what their initial conversation was about, but they wanted it to continue and got a tiny table together after they had their drinks. By the time Steve had to hurry off to work, they had made a date for Friday evening to go for a light dinner and a few drinks. In their short conversation they had spoken a bit about their respective pasts. He had gone to the Massachusetts Institute of Art for graphic design. She confessed that although she hadn't gone to art school, she had paid part of her way through accounting school working as a nude artist's model. He was skeptical expressing that it was an easy way to seem titillating. She was only slightly offended by his questioning her word.
Around lunchtime, Steve's phone buzzed. He had received a text from Marya with a photo attachment. The message read, "Proof I speak the truth! ;)" It was her with a different hairstyle looking a couple years younger sitting in a chair completely nude with he legs slightly spread. Not a gross, porny spread, she was simply sitting naturally, but her genitals were quite clearly revealed. She was slender, but her ribs didn't show. Her breasts were high, small and firm with large nipples and areolae. Their deep rose color was perfectly matched by her lipstick, but now he wasn't sure if she had been wearing lipstick at all both when they met or in this picture. Her stomach was not completely flat, but had the slightest pooch which was actually very sexy. Her vulva was smoothly waxed, the slightly raised mons just a shade pinker than the surrounding skin. The color of a perfect peach, he thought. Her butt wasn't visible in this picture, but her hips flared wide offering the promise of a pretty spectacular bottom. When they met she had been wearing a short skirt rather than pants, but he had liked the general outline. Steve sat looking quietly at the pic for a minute or so, completely drawn in, an erection starting to form in his pants.
He twitched in surprise when the phone buzzed again in his hand almost dropping it. She had texted "Well, what do you think? Don't keep me in suspense!"
"Wow! (ʘ.ʘ) Sorry, all the blood rushed out of my brain to other places. That's some great pic! :)"
"I have more I can show you when you pick me up Friday."
"Well, you have definitely insured that I 'll be on time!"
She texted back a "Lol! CU l8r".
Marya's apartment was near Inman Square in Cambridge. It took Steve a while to find a place to park, but finally did about two blocks away. Her place was on the third floor of a building that had a convenience store at the street level. He was buzzed in and walked up. The woman who answered the door wasn't Marya. She was a rather pretty redhead who had her hair bobbed just below the ears. She wore wire framed glasses and had blue eyes and freckles. She was on the tall side. Steve guessed about five foot nine. Her figure was broad but not really overweight with wide hips and large breasts. "Hi!" Steve said, "I'm here to pick up Marya."
"You must be Steve. Come in. I'm Tracy, Marya's roommate. She got stuck at the office. She ought to be along in a half hour or so. She asked me to make you welcome. Can I get you a drink?"
Steve walked into the apartment. It was neat but cluttered with shelves full of books and random objects. The walls were crowded with many small pieces of oddball looking art. "Um, we're going out for drinks. Maybe just some seltzer?"
"Sure! Do you want Ice?"
"That would be great, thanks!"
She was back shortly with a seltzer for each of them. She put on some music and they chatted congenially. Steve learned that Tracy had made a good deal of the art on the walls. Most of it wasn't to his taste, but he kept that to himself. It was mostly weird collages that had a strangely foreign look. Very hip and modern, but he was more into attractive landscapes and science fiction art.
His phone buzzed. It was a text from Marya. "Is Tracy taking care of you?"
"Yeah. She's very nice. :) RU going to be here soon?"
"Maybe 30 mins."
"OK. CU soon!"
Steve drained off his drink and Tracy asked if he wanted another. "Why not?" He replied. She went off to the kitchen. A few seconds later he heard a sound of breaking glass and a short scream from Tracy.
He dashed into the kitchen to see that Tracy had knocked a fishbowl off the counter and there were two small koi flip-flopping on the linoleum. Tracy was looking at them hugging herself and saying "Omygod, ohmygod, ohmygod!" over and over again. He grabbed a glass and filled it from the tap and quickly picked up the fish and put them in it and set it on the counter.
He went over to Tracy and put his hand on her shoulder. "I got the fish, they will be alright. Let's clean this up." She put her hand on his with a pretty serious grip.
"Marya loves those fish!" Steve got a broom and dustpan and swept up the glass and found a mop to dry the floor. The entire time Tracy stood in the corner with her arms tightly crossed whimpering softly. He put an arm around her shoulders and walked her out into the living room and sat on the couch next to her.
"You can get another fishbowl. It's not that big a deal." She just stared at him with huge eyes.
Steve excused himself to go to the bathroom and texted Marya. "Tracy accidentally broke the fishbowl. The fish are fine, but Tracy is acting weird."
Marya was in her office in Watertown about to leave when she got the text. "Shit." She half whispered. She texted back, "Tracy gets anxiety attacks. Just do whatever it takes to help her calm down." She smirked knowing what it would likely take. This was definitely going to add a layer to their date.
Steve came back and sat next to Tracy. "How are you doing?" he asked.
She leaned against him, put her arms around him and clung to him. "I'm sorry. I get these...anxiety things. I just get all wound up!"
"Can I help in any way?"
She looked at him and then quickly looked away. She started talking really fast. "Look, this may sound a little weird, but it's one of the only things that works. If I can perform...oral sex...it just helps me get out of my head, focus...relax. You know what I mean?"
Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing. He let what she had said digest for a few seconds before he replied. "I think you need to be very clear about what you are proposing."
"If I could just, ya'know, suck your cock, perform fellatio. It would really help a lot."
"I'm here for a date with your roommate! She will be here in less than a half hour!"
"I promise it will be ok, I swear! But I need to blow you right now. Please!" She broke away from Steve for a few seconds and quickly pulled off her top incidentally sending her glasses flying across the room. "Guys like my boobs." she said, "Play with them, It will help you get hard!" She undid her bra releasing a pair of large and excellent tits, firm, more than a hand full with pretty, light pink nipples. She grabbed his wrist and placed his hand on one. It was really nice and, yes, he was getting a boner.
"Oh my god! There must be another way." He said, but inwardly he was already hoping there wasn't. He was now massaging her tits with both hands as she worked to undo his belt.
"This is the best way, believe me." She stood up and pulled off the rest of her clothing. She actually had a great body, like a girl in a Victorian French postcard. Broad hips, a large, round ass, plump thighs. Steve had a full, hard erection wanting to burst from his pants. She pulled off his shoes and socks and then his pants and dropped down to her knees between his legs. She took his stiff cock in her hands and stroked it gently. "It's so pretty!" She murmured. She planted soft kisses right where his cock met his scrotum and then licked from there along his dick's underside up to the glans.
Steve gasped. "Oh holy shit!"
"People say I'm good at this." She said and then took the head of his cock into her mouth while slowly swirling her tongue and then took in half its length and pulled back while applying gentle suction. Steve let out an inarticulate vowel sound. She let him out with a soft, wet popping sound. "God, you taste soooooo good!"
It had been a couple of months since the last time Steve had any sex. He had meant to masturbate before this date so he would last longer if there was any sex, but he decided that would be presuming. Now, however, he was likely to cum pretty quickly. "Uhhh...I think I'm gonna pop real soon!"
"Try to hold back. I'll be soft and gentle. I need this to last a while, ok?"
"I'll try." She very softly kissed around his balls while gently stroking his cock. She then gripped the base of his penis tightly and took it back into her mouth. The way she used her lips was incredible, but her grip eased back his climb toward ejaculation. She let him loose for a moment and precum dribbled out of him which she sensuously licked up making him moan from deep down inside. She lightly tickled his frenulum with the tip of her tongue inducing even more precum.
"This really is helping." She said. "I'm feeling so much more calm and in control. Thank you so much!" She took his cock deep so that her nose was against his body and then slowly pulled back. Steve wasn't going to last too much longer.
Steve barely heard the sound of the key in the door before Marya walked in. She came right over to them and placed a hand on Tracy's lower back as she continued to suck off Steve. "Are you ok, sweetie?" She asked.
"Mmmmm-mmm!" answered Tracy obviously calm and content.
Marya looked up at Steve's pleasure transported face. "Thank you for doing this! I know it must be strange for you." She gave him a peck on the lips. "I'm going to go get changed." and she went off to the bedroom.
Steve could hold back no longer. he started to ejaculate. One...two...three...four...five strong jets as Tracy swallowed greedily then a few lesser ones until he felt completely drained. She continued to suck gently until his cock started to soften. She got up and kissed him on the cheek. "I feel so much better now. Thank you so much! Ohmygod! I had better get something bigger to put the fish in!" She ran off to the kitchen still fully nude.
Steve was finally coming back to full awareness when Marya came back from the bedroom in a short little black dress, made up and ready to go. She had let her hair down to cascade around her shoulders and looked very fetching indeed. She smirked at him. "Maybe you want to clean up a little and put your pants on so we can go."
"We're still going out?!? isn't this just a bit weird?"
"Weird was when she did this with me three days after she moved in. *Really* weird was when she did it with my dad when he was visiting a last September! It's ok! I know that it is special circumstances. Things would have been way worse if you hadn't let this happen. The fact is, I like you and respect you for stepping up to help."
Thinking about Tracy licking Marya's perfect peach vulva threatened to make Steve hard again. He quickly got up and went to the bathroom.
Marya sidled up to Tracy in the kitchen where she had just placed the koi in a party-sized punch bowl. She put an arm around her waist. "Are you really ok now? Can we go out?"
"I'm fine. It's just embarrassing."
Marya smirked a bit. "Well, people don't usually complain about it. My dad always asks about you when we talk. I think you actually made a good impression!"
Tracy blushed. "Wow! Look at you! You look hot! What about Steve?"
"Well, there might not be much left in him for tonight, but I'll see to it that he wants to come back, you can count on that. Check this out." She leaned forward just a bit and the low cut of her cocktail dress revealed her nipples.
Tracy smiled. "Nice!" she said.
Marya raised an eyebrow. "I just don't know why you never tell them that a cup of chamomile tea works too."