Bright Sparks Children’s Home
by Vanessa Evans

Part 05 – The Extension starts and they go on a holiday.

The next morning Mandy was woken by the feeling of Dennis’ cock sliding in and out of her vagina. At first she panicked but less than a second later she relaxed and enjoyed her first fuck of the day.

When they were in the shower together Mandy asked Dennis if he’d wake her like that every day.

“On the days that I wake up first I will, but if you wake up first you have to wake me with your mouth if I’m soft and climb on and ride me if I’m hard.”

“Of course I will.”


The highlight of the Monday for Dennis, and maybe Ruth, was Dennis taking her into town to get her some new trainers.

Dennis told her to put some clothes on and he was pleased that she came downstairs wearing the slightly see-through top and the flared skirt.

“Will this do?” Ruth asked.

“Are you happy wearing that outfit Ruth?”

“Yes.”

“Then it will do. Come on, there’s a bus in 5.”

Ruth slipped on her flat shoes and ran to catch up with Dennis.


Now that suburb of town is served with double-decker buses and Dennis stepped aside to let Ruth on before him.

“Where shall we sit?” Ruth asked as soon as Dennis had paid the driver.

“Wherever you like Ruth.”

Ruth went straight to the stairs and started climbing the steep steps. Following her, Dennis looked up and got the view that he was expecting, everything that Ruth had between her legs. He was a little surprised to see that her vulva was maybe a little swollen and definitely wet.  

As he sat next to her he wondered if she deliberately chose the very short, skater type skirt.


They wandered around a little before going in to the shop that Dennis knew measured feet. He told her that it was unlikely that the shop would have any trainers that she liked but the main purpose for the visit was to get her feet measured. That sounded logical to Ruth so she followed him in. What she was nervous about was that Dennis had told her that he wanted her to do all the talking.


Ruth wandered around the shop looking at all the shoes and trainers that were for girls her age. When her number came up she held the ticket up and a young man came over to her.

“I’d like to try on the trainers over there but I don’t know what size I want.”

“No problem Miss, please take a seat and I’ll get the machine.” 

He did, and put it on the floor in front of her.

“Sorry Miss, but I am going to have to take your shoes off to get a proper reading.”

Ruth shrugged her shoulders and lifted her right foot. In doing so her knees drifted apart a little.

Dennis had sat on a chair slightly diagonally opposite hoping to see some flashes of her pussy.

The young man knelt down and took her foot. Dennis saw him glance up her bare legs  but didn’t think that the young man would have seen her pussy, just lots of bare legs.

The young man took Ruth’s shoe off and lowered her foot onto the machine.

“Size 3 regular width.” He said, “now the other foot please Miss, you’d be surprised how many people have different sized feet.”

Ruth lifted her other leg and Dennis saw her knees spread a little further The young man again looked up her legs as he took her shoe off and this time Dennis thought that he might just have seen her pussy.

Ruth’s second foot was measured and neither of them commented when the young man announced that it too was a size 3 regular.

“Now Miss, can you show me which trainers it was that you liked.”

Ruth got up and gave Dennis no indication that she was teasing the young man as she  walked passed him.

Finger pointed at a trainer, Ruth came back to her seat and the young man disappeared to the storeroom. Ruth sat by just dropping her butt and the resultant movement of air caused her skirt to flair out even more and it didn’t settle down until her bare butt was on the chair.

“We’re not buying here are we Dennis?” Ruth asked.

“No, way too expensive.” Dennis replied 


The young man returned and knelt in front of Ruth, who’s knees were slightly apart, and took the trainers out of the box. As he started to lift one of her feet to put the trainer on she said,

“I can manage thank you” and she lifted her right foot and put in on her left knee so that she could put the trainer on. That meant that her right knee had to go over to her right leaving a huge gap between her thighs, right up to her pussy. Her skirt didn’t fall to fill the gap, instead it went out leaving her pussy fully exposed to both the young man and Dennis.

Dennis smiled and slowly looked around to see if anyone else was looking at her, there wasn’t.

The young man stayed on his knees so he was getting a much better view than Dennis.

He also stayed there when she swapped her feet over to put the other trainer on. Then, with both feet on the floor she started to get up and the young man finally got to his feet and moved out of her way.

“How do they feel Ruth?” Dennis asked.

“Tight, and they look different now that I’ve got them on. I don’t think that I want them any more.” 

“Okay, take them off and we can see what else we can find.” Dennis said.

Ruth reversed the same process and did the same to put her own shoes on. All the while the young man was just staring at her, as was Dennis, but Dennis was smiling as well.

Ruth got to her feet and turned to walk out, Dennis getting up and thanking the young man who just stood there speechless.

“Are you okay Ruth?” Dennis asked as they walked.

“Yes, why, didn’t you want me to flash my pussy to that man?”

“Ruth, it isn’t what I want that matters, it’s what YOU want. I don’t want you to do anything that you don’t want to.”

Ruth turned to look at Dennis then linked her arm round his and replied,

“Have you considered that maybe, just maybe, that I wanted to flash him?”

“You continue to surprise me Ruth.” Dennis replied.

“All good surprises I hope.”

“They certainly are Ruth.” 

Ruth squeezed Dennis’ arm and they walked to the sports shop that Dennis had seen some nice trainers in. As they walked in Dennis gave her a maximum price and let her choose which trainers she wanted.

This sports shop is like a lot of shoe shops these days that let customers try on the shoes on their own then take them to the check-out to pay, and Ruth selected a design and they both looked through the racks for a box of the right design name and size. Ruth bending over to check the boxes at the bottom of the piles and Dennis looking around to see if anyone was looking at her butt knowing that, even though he couldn’t see it, her skirt hem would be up, well over her butt.

He didn’t see anyone then, but when she started putting them on in the same way that she had in the previous shop he saw a man looking her way, and he stayed looking until Ruth was happy that she had the pair that she wanted.

When she stood up she turned and smiled at the man before turning back to Dennis and asking if she could have that pair.

“Enjoy that did you?” Dennis asked as they walked to the check-out.

“Yes, these will last me for years.

“Dennis looked at her and smiled.”


Ruth again linked her arm round his as Dennis led her to the bus stop. On the way Dennis noticed that Ruth was having a long look into the McDonalds that they were passing. 

“Want one?” He asked.

“I’d love one but I haven’t got any money.”

“Ah yes, you missed the pocket money hand out. Come on, I’ll treat you, but don’t tell the others.”

They went in, ordered what they wanted at the touch-screens then Ruth led Dennis to the table that she wanted. Dennis wasn’t really surprised when she sat at a seat where she could see the room, and that a lot of people could see her, and in particular her bare legs under the table. He also wasn’t surprised when she sat with her knees open enough for people looking to see her little slit.

Dennis smiled at her and shook his head sideways.

“What?” she asked.

“Nothing, absolutely nothing, you enjoy yourself while you are still young Ruth.”


Dennis actually enjoyed his meal then they left to go home. This time though, there was a man behind them in the bus queue and Ruth said,

“Age before beauty,” letting Dennis go up the stairs before she did, the man following her up.”


Back as Bright Sparks, Ruth ran upstairs and quickly re-appeared minus shoes, skirt and top, and Dennis went to find Mandy for some alone time.



The Tuesday was a relatively quiet day, the only real excitement being that the bikinis arrived and the girls had fun trying them on and deciding which one they liked the most. They’d tried them on outside with all the boys, and Dennis, watching. Dennis being pleased at how little they covered. At one point he was convinced that band-aids would cover more.


The Wednesday was quiet for Dennis and Mandy as the kids wanted to go into town. They didn’t mention the park but Dennis suspected that either they were going straight to the park or they would go there on the way back from town, not that he was bothered. 

By then he was quite happy that Ruth would be okay with the rest of them.


After the evening meal Dennis raised the summer holiday again. He got Mandy to write down all the suggestion, even the unrealistic one, then went down them one at a time. Before that he gave them a budget cost for the accommodation and got Jane and Ann to use the PCs to find out roughly what each suggested holiday would cost for the 14 of them.

It soon became obvious to the kids that the unrealistic suggestions were way out of their budget and, an hour later they were down to going to one of these live-in holiday camps, a cheap organised camping holiday in France, or going to a campsite in sunny Cornwall that was right next to the beach, close to a seaside town and offered a few on-site facilities.

Dennis then Jane and Ann to search for each option to put a price on them and find a suitable holiday. While they were doing that he got everyone to say what they thought were the pros and cons of each holiday and for Mandy to write them all down.

Another hour later Jane and Ann had the costs of a few suitable holiday. Adding the costs to the lists of pros and cons, Dennis to got Mandy to read out each potential holiday. At the end everyone agreed that the campsite in Cornwall was the best option so Dennis went over to Jane and Ann and got them to show him the potential sites that they had found. The 3 of them discussed each site and settled on the one that met their requirements the most.

Still sitting next to the naked Jane, Dennis got her to make an online booking, using Bright Sparks payment card.

Then Dennis gave Jane and Ann a task for the next few days, find out more about the site and the surrounding area and come up with a provisional programme for the 2 week. Both seemed a little daunted by the task but Dennis told them that they had his confidence and they both were capable of doing it. 

Dennis left them and smiled thinking that he and Mandy would spend some time doing the same task when the kids were back at school; and he would talk to social services and the council to find out where they could borrow all the equipment that they would need, and get their hands on a minibus.



On the Thursday the boys swimming shorts arrived and the girls insisted that they try them on in front of the girls as they had tried their bikinis on in front of the boys. As Dennis was hearing this he turned and said,

“Fair’s fair guys.”

The boys had no choice and Dennis heard quite a bit of giggling and guessed that it was at the boy’s boners that was the source.


The Thursday evening was the doctor’s visiting time and Ruth’s first examination. She looked a bit nervous at the evening meal in-spite of all the girls saying that they were really looking forward to it.

Ruth said that she was nervous, but Dennis saw her lounging on one of the sofas with her knees open and he saw that her pussy was wet, very wet.

“You maybe nervous Ruth but you sure as hell are looking forward to it,” Dennis thought but didn’t say it.


“Good evening everyone.” The doctor said as he walked in. “Oh, I see we have a new face in the room, don’t tell me, Ruth isn’t it?”

“Err yes, how did you know?”

“I’m psychic and I see that you are 14 and are happy now that you are living here.”

Ruth’s mouth opened in surprise.

“What? How?”

“Relax Ruth, social services sent me your medical records and how could you not be happy living here. Even I’m happy to be here.”

When he was organised, the doctor announced that he usually examined the youngest first and that meant Ruth, but as this was her first examination he’d leave her until last so that she can see that there is nothing to be nervous about. Then he called for Tommy to come over and get ready.

The examinations went just the same as the previous weeks and Ruth giggled at the boys just the same as the other girls did, and she marvelled at how good the doctor was at making the girls cum. She was especially impressed by how easily Mandy orgasmed, all 4 times, and the way her body jerked about as the spasms and convulsions hit her.

Then it was her turn. Of course there were more questions first because it was her first time and the doctor said that he was really sorry that she had been repeatedly raped, but Ruth took it all in her stride and put her legs up in the stirrups just as soon as the doctor asked her to climb up on the couch. The doctor smiled but still started the examination at the top of her body.

Everyone discovered that Ruth is a very sensitive girl when she is sexually aroused, both Dennis and Mandy remembering how easily Ruth had orgasmed when she was in his flat, and her first orgasm arrived as the doctor was inserting his speculum.

The doctor had already got wise to Ruth’s sensitivity and took advantage to bring her to 3 more orgasm as he played with her little clit. She was happy, but tired when the doctor left.


“So Ruth,” Dennis asked her when he went to see her in her room at bedtime, “is this home better that you last one?”

“What do you think Dennis?”

“You get a good night sleep young lady.”


Friday and the weekend were uneventful other than Dennis doing some research of his own about the campsite and surrounding area. One thing that he did discover was that groups of young people were put in a separate field, alongside the main site and the beach. The explanation being that groups tended to be more boisterous and they didn’t want them to disturb the campers on the main site.

Dennis was happy with that, firstly because of the reason that the site gave, and secondly it may meet the girls desire to be naked all the time, especially if the weather was good.

Another thing that he discovered was that the beach that the field that they would be using was a clothing optional beach.

     
All through the weekend Dennis was getting pestered about going to the leisure centre but he kept putting them off until he saw that all Mandy’s writing and drawing had finally worn off and at breakfast the next day he announced that they were going that morning.

Everyone enthusiastically got themselves ready, the girls realising that they would have to put some clothes on, and they all left to catch the bus. They all marched passed him as he was getting the bus tickets and in his peripheral vision he saw them going up the stairs, alternating girl then boy. At one point he heard Jennifer say,

“Hey, stop that.”

He guessed that the boy going up behind her had reached up and fingered her uncovered pussy.

“I’ll keep them in order.” Dennis told the driver.


Dennis wasn’t really surprised to see that the place was busy, mainly filled with older teenagers, just like the ones that he had brought. They needed their tickets to through the turnstiles so they had to wait for Dennis who asked got a group discount but didn’t get one.

When they went to the changing rooms they discovered that it was one big room with rows of cubicles, the rows labelled male or female. The kids didn’t see the labels but it didn’t matter because there were way less cubicles than kids getting changed.

Some of the girls got fed-up with waiting and went to the lockers and got changed out in the corridors, much to the pleasure of some of the boys walking through the room.


Eventually everyone was changed and Dennis marvelled at the sight of 7 girls in very, very brief bikinis and he wondered if they would get thrown out for being inappropriately dressed. He wondered if the fact that the place was very busy would mean that the staff had to overlook any such rule.

Everyone just stood and stared at everything for a few seconds, none of them had seen anything like that place before, not even Dennis who finally pointed out a clock high up on one wall and told everyone to meet under the clock in 2 hours.

Within seconds only Mandy and Dennis were stood there, everyone else having disappeared in all directions.

“So where do you want to go first lover?” Dennis asked.

“Somewhere where you can fuck me.” Mandy replied.

“You need to spend more time with your magic wand Mandy, you’re wearing me out.” 

Mandy giggled then asked him if she looked good.

“I could eat every bit of you right now, and that camel toe, wow, if I was a cop I’d arrest you.”

Mandy pulled up the small triangle of material that covered her pussy causing it to dig in between her vulva even more. The material didn’t even cover all the area that had hairs growing before he had shaved them off.

“Let’s go for a gentle swim first.” Dennis said.

As soon as they were in the water Dennis realised that the bikinis were even more see-though when they got wet. He pointed it out to Mandy but she just shrugged her shoulders. There was nothing that she could do anyway, not that she would have if there was.

They went from one ride to another and Dennis and Mandy soon found out that the bikinis weren’t designed to be used in water, they kept twisting and rising up over tits or sliding off the sides of tits. The bottoms easily got baggy and hung below the pussy and the knots in the strings kept coming undone, even if fastened with a double knot.

Of course Mandy wasn’t bothered and Dennis left her bits if exposure as long as he dare before putting things back where they were supposed to be, or re-trying the knots after they’d slipped open. Dennis lost count of the number of times he saw one of Mandy’s nipples or her slit.

They kept bumping to some of the others and often saw a nipple or vulva lip. As Dennis expected, the girls too weren’t in a rush to cover their exposure but not many other people saw the parts that were supposed to be covered because there were so many people there and unless you were relevantly close they were hidden by other people.

The 2 hours quickly passed and everyone met under the clock then went to the in-house cafe for a drink and a snack. Dennis had to ask 3 of the girls to adjust their bikinis to cover something that needed to be covered although he could do nothing about the see-through material or the camel toes.

The young man behind the counter took his time serving them because his eyes spent little time watching what he was doing.

Dennis relaxed a little as the material of the bikinis started to dry and became less see-through although that didn’t stop quite a few men staring at the girls while they were sat in the cafe.

After lunch it was back to the rides, Dennis and Mandy just going to the pool where they groped each other and Dennis easily managed to make Mandy cum twice before they got out at the pre-arranged time and met the other before heading to the changing room.

There were some shower cubicles for those who wanted privacy showering but kids weren’t interested and they got their soap and shampoo and went to the big communal showers.

At first the girls kept their bikinis on but after a couple of minutes Jennifer pulled on the ties of hers and both pieces fell to the floor. She continued soaping herself unconcerned that some of the other teenagers in there were looking at her, but they soon had more naked girls to watch as more bikinis hit the floor.

By then Dennis had finished his shower and he went to stand near the entrance to see if any staff member came along, his plan was to try to distract them if they did.

Luckily he never had to activate his plan and the 7 girls and 6 boys went back to the lockers, got dry and then dressed. Both Mandy and Ruth went to the mirrors to comb their hair before they got dressed and Dennis had to call them back to put their clothes on before doing their hair. He thought it was a case of Mandy didn’t think about anyone seeing her naked and Ruth wanting to be seen naked. Whichever it was Dennis didn’t want to risk their being a problem.


A slightly relieved Dennis led the group out of the building and walked them to the bus stop. As they waited, and then on the bus each girl had stories about their bikinis and their exposure to tell the others and Dennis wondered what the other people on the top deck of the bus thought of them. Yes, the whole group had gone up to the top deck and this time it was Lucy and Angela that had to reprimand the boys for groping them on the stairs. 

Dennis was sure that the groping wasn’t the problem, it was where it was happening. 

The stories of exposure and retrieving parts of bikinis were still being told on the walk back to Bright Sparks where the girls quickly got naked and put their towels and swimsuits in the communal washing basket filling it and triggering 2 of them having to do some washing.


The following evening at the end of the evening meal, Dennis asked Jane and Ann to tell everyone what they had found out about the campsite and surrounding area, and for Mandy to list them ready for a vote. 

Although there were quite a few things on the list no one seemed to be bothered about going to most of them, most of them just wanting to go to beach and swim in the sea. Dennis thought about that and realised that it was probably that most of them had never been to the coast before.

Dennis came to the conclusion that he’d use the few suggestions that the kids had made and add the ones that he and Mandy had found.


It was soon the Thursday evening and everyone was looking forward to the doctors visit. Being the youngest, Ruth was the first to be examined and she set the benchmark for the number of orgasms for the girls, only Mandy achieving the same number.


When it came to the Monday it was back to school for 11 of the kids, a new school for 1 of the kids and no school for Mandy. Ruth was a little puzzled when all the kids lined up for their no underwear check and the girls pulled their polo shirts up over their tits and held their skirts up.

“Why are we doing this?” Ruth asked.

“For Dennis to check that we aren’t wearing underwear.” Lucy replied.

“But we don’t own any underwear so how can we be wearing any?”

“I know, but Dennis like to check anyway and it gives him the chance to get a close look at our slits and tits.”

“That makes it okay then.” Ruth said.


Dennis did his inspection, the boys first then the girls. After the sixth girl had been inspected and walked off Dennis saw the naked Mandy standing there.

“Ready for inspection sir.” Mandy said.

He smiled and stepped in front of her, put his hands on each of her tits and massaged them before rolling and flicking her nipples. Ignoring her moans his left hand continued whilst his right hand slowly slid down her front to her pussy and she orgasmed onto his hand almost immediately.

“Did I pass your inspection sir?” 

“No, turn round and bend over.”

She did, spreading her legs as she did so and was soon rewarded by Dennis’ cock thrusting hard into her pussy.”

“Ummph, what are you doing sir?”

“Fucking you girl, it’s punishment for being outside with no clothes on.”

“Then you are going to have to punish me a lot sir.”

“I know.”

Dennis thrust into her over and over until they both came, then he told her to go and put the kettle on because they had work to do.


That work was starting the ball rolling on getting hold of tents and other camping equipment, and finding out if there was a minibus that he could borrow. 

Thirty minutes later social services had booked the camping equipment for him and the council had made a booking for a 17 seater minibus with a roof rack for him.


Shortly after that when Mandy was just returning from that flat, the doorbell rang and Mandy shouted,

“I’ll get it.”

It took a couple of seconds to remember that she’d be naked and Dennis shouted,

“No Mandy, don’t,” but it was too late. 

He ran to the door and saw Mandy’s naked back and passed her, a man in suit, wellies and a white hard hat. Both were just staring at each other.

“Mandy,” Dennis said, “how many times do I have to tell you to put some clothes on when you leave your room? Go back to your room right now.”

Mandy turned and walked back and Dennis turned to the man and said,

“Sorry about that, how may I help you.”

By then the man was smiling a bit but still managed to act professionally and ignored what he had just witnessed.

“I’m here to look at the site of an extension that is going to be built on one end of this building. You are aware of it aren’t you sir?”

“Oh yes, I wasn’t expecting anyone to be here so soon. I’m Dennis Wilson, the manager here. Sorry about the young lady, I’m having a slight problem with her at the moment, she just won’t keep her clothes on.”

“Ian Johnson, architect, I’m managing the project. I just need to look at the site and do a bit of measuring if that’s okay with you?”

“Of course, no problem, when will the building work start, I was told that it will be completed by Christmas.”

“If everything goes according to plan it should be finished long before that, we’re going to do a modular build, concrete the footings and a base then bring pre-built sections and bolt it all together, hoping to complete the extension by late August then the refurb of the old part by the mid October.”

“You have been told that we are not vacating the place whilst you do the work haven’t you?”

“Yes, that’s no problem, we’ll finish the extension, move you in, do the refurb then knock a hole between the old and the new, just a bit of dust when we knock through, that’s it. You should be able to keep operating throughout the whole project. How many kids have you got here right now?” 

“A dozen.”

“And another dozen when the project is complete, rather you than me mate, I struggle with the 2 that I’ve got at home.”

“Its not that bad, this place isn’t like most children’s homes, I try to be their big brother and it’s worked so far.”

“Interesting.”

“Can I offer you a cup of tea or coffee?”

“Thanks but no thanks, can I just go round the side and get on with it?”

“Sure, help yourself. Shout if you need anything.”

Ian Johnson went off to do whatever and Dennis went inside to find Mandy smiling and playing with her pussy. He was going to rebuke her for opening the door without any clothes on but the sight of her changed his mind and he dropped his trousers and fucked her right there in the lounge.


“That’s twice in this room Dennis.” Mandy said when she was able. “When are we starting on the other rooms.”

“Soon darling, soon.”


About an hour later the doorbell rang again. This time Dennis made it to the door before Mandy did.

“I’ve got everything that I need for now Mr. Wilson, the builders will be here week after next to get started.”

“It’s Dennis please, we keep everything informal here. What time will the workmen start and finish each day Ian?”

“Very unlikely that anyone will be here before 8:30 on a morning and they should be gone by 5 pm. Will that be a problem for you Dennis?”

“No, no, we can work around that, thank you.”


Ian Johnson left leaving Dennis thinking about how he could work things so that the builders didn’t get to see any naked girls. The morning shouldn’t be a problem but the afternoons would be.


That evening at the dining table, he explained what was going to happen and what their involvement would be, telling them that they had to keep their school uniforms on until the last of the builders had left each day.

“How will we know when they’ve left?” Lucy asked.

“Well they’ll all arrive in vans so if there’s a van out the front then there will be some builders here.”

Then he continued and told them about a little incident earlier that day when Mandy forgot that she was naked and opened the front door and gave a man a nice surprise.

“She didn’t forget.” David said.

“I did.” Mandy replied.

“That doesn’t matter and I can easily understand you girls forgetting that you have no clothes on but I have to insist that you don’t open the front door without any clothes on. To that end I will be closing the top bolt and hanging a dress on that bolt. You will have to take the dress off the bolt to open the bolt and, hopefully, remember to put the dress on before you open the door. Okay it’s a dress that fits the largest of you but there’s not much difference between all of you so the smallest of you will still look presentable, and it’s only for a few minutes.”

There was couple of groans but everyone agreed to comply.
 


A couple of weeks later the girls were all lined-up for their inspection when they heard a vehicle at the front of the house. As soon as Jennifer, who was at the front of the queue, had been inspected, she ran round the side of the house and then came back and told everyone that a van and a big digger had arrived, For the first time ever, the girls were in a rush to get their inspections over with as they wanted to go and see. 

Ruth was the last to be released and after running round and then back she told Dennis and Mandy, who was naked, that a big lorry had arrived as well. Dennis set her off to school then turned to Mandy and gave her the usual tit then pussy massage and was rewarded with the usual orgasm on his hand. When he thought that she was capable of absorbing anything that he said he told her to go and get a dress, a short dress and bring it downstairs.

“What for?” she asked.

“Well those guys are going to want a few cups of tea during the day and, as much as I would like to, I can’t send you out there naked so each time that you go where any of those guys are you need to put the dress on.”

“Can I wear a dress that only just covers my butt and pussy?”

“Don’t all of your dresses only just cover your goodies?”

“I do have one that’s longer.”

“Wear one of the short ones then if you have to, when you bend over they will be able to see your goodies and you can pretend that it was an accident.”

“I see, an accident.”

“Precisely, now go and get that dress.”

“Yes boss.”


By the time the kids got back from school, Mandy had taken tea to the workmen 4 times, them telling her that it was thirsty work; and she’d had to bend over every time. For some unknown reason (ha), the guys always left their mugs on the ground and well apart so that she had bend over numerous times. It was only the last time of the day that she realised what they were doing and started making sure that at least 1 of the workman was behind her when she bent over.


When the kids got back the everyone wanted to see what was going on and they went round to the wire fence that the workman had erected and watched for a while. Once that had been seen enough they returned to the house. Most of the girls went to their rooms, dumped their school things then came back downstairs. Jennifer was the exception, she stayed in her room and it wasn’t until Dennis went and knocked on her door to check that she was okay, that he found out why she was still there. 

Her big window overlooked the building site and she was walking around her room naked. Dennis looked out and saw 1 workman looking up.

“Jennifer,” Dennis said, “if you’re going to try to let the men see you you have to make it look like you don’t know that they are looking. Never look down at them and never wave to them. It’s an accident, right?”

“I know that, but, it’s just that I got carried away. It’s the first time that someone has looked at me through a window.”

“I’m sure that it won’t be the last time Jennifer, you are beautiful young lady and every may would love to see you naked.”

“Every man?”

“Well maybe not the gay ones.”

“Okay Dennis, I understand.”

“It’s just that I can’t have those men telling their boss that they want to work here because the girls flaunt their naked bodies in front of them. The bosses would tell other people and before long social service would find out and I will probably get fired and you kids would get moved to another home.”

“Okay Dennis, I get the message, and I’ll tell the others.”

“Thank you Jennifer.”

The workmen were soon gone and things got back to normal.


The next day the workmen were back and it was a sunnier day. That gave Dennis an idea and he got Mandy to wear her bikini for the day. What’s more he experiment with  the strings being fastened looser and looser until the top slid off her tits at the slightest wobble of her little tits and the unlined gusset hung down below her pussy. Then he sent her out with the first tray of teas of the day. When she got back her right tit was fully exposed and Dennis could see her clit and lips through one of the leg holes.

He smiled and told her that she looked amazing then took her to the storeroom where he fucked her.


Each time that Mandy took tea out to the workmen she came back with at least one nipple exposed and the gusset of her bottoms hanging loose on one side, Mandy acting as if nothing was exposed.


The workmen were back each day and so was the sun so Dennis sent her out in her bikini with the teas each day, and she got fucked in 3 more rooms by Dennis.

The girls weren’t too happy about having to keep their clothes on until after the workmen were gone but they were getting used to it, as was Jennifer who Dennis saw wandering around in front of her window most days.


The doctors visit on the Thursday was another success and after it he and Dennis had a chat, the doctor wanting to know what all the mess outside was. Dennis gave him the relevant information then the doctor said,

“So when it’s all finished there are going to be 24 kids here and most of them are going to be girls?”

“That’s the plan Harry.”

“And you’re going to put those mirror cameras in each of the girls rooms and at the bottom of the medical couch?”

“Sure am, I’ve already ordered the mirrors, one for each kids room but I’m only going to connect the ones in the girl’s rooms. Do you want a copy of the videos that I’ve already got Harry?”

“Yes please, I’ll bring a memory stick with me next week.”

“Okay.”

“So there could be going on for 20 girls to get off each Thursday? That could take some time. Would you mind if I brought another doctor along with me and would you consider getting a second medical couch to save time.”

“I see where you are going Harry, yes I’ll be getting a second couch and I’ll find a way of disguising them as just padded benches, I already had to tell one of the social services people that it was there so that the kids can see the TV over the top of the kids sat on the sofa. Silly woman said that it was a good idea.

And yes, another pair of hands would get through the girls quicker. Do you have someone in mind?”

“Yes I have, another young doctor just out of med school. We’ve talked quite a lot and have similar interests.”

“Can you trust him?”

“Hell, after he’s been here once and you’ve got the videos, then we sure as hell can trust him.”

“See what you mean. Okay, bring him along next week if you like, see if he can keep up with Mandy.”

“You really are a lucky bastard there mate.”

“I know, I’ve even got her a magic wand and she uses it that much that I think it’s going to burn itself out soon.”

“Have you got any videos of her using it?”

“Lots.”

“Can you put some on the memory stick next week? You don’t mind do you? She is your girlfriend.”

“I certainly don’t mind and I’m sure that she wouldn’t mind, if she knew that is. That reminds me, I need to get her checking the videos of the girl’s rooms and the bathrooms each day, see if it makes her even more horny than she already is. Did I tell you what she flashes her goods to the workmen each day?”

“No.”

“She just does whatever I tell her to do, but she does like doing it. Whenever she comes back from visiting them she’s dripping and asks me to fuck her.”

“How the hell did you end up with a girl like that?”

“Luck mate, pure luck.”


The weather put a dampener on things for the next 3 weeks, progress on the extension was slow, the girls weren’t happy about their restrictions and it always seemed to be raining when the kids wanted to go to town or the park. Even the keep fit sessions outside didn’t happen.

Dennis could sense the frustration but what could he do? 


The only ray of sunlight for Dennis for those 3 weeks was Mandy, she was learning about running the place quite quickly and Dennis gave her some regular jobs to do. The other great thing with Mandy was that she seemed to be wanting more from Dennis in the sex department. She asked to be shaved every day, wanted fucking morning noon and night and Dennis was starting to get worried that her wand might pack-up because of over-work.

Possibly, the only other 2 things that were going well for the kids were the school PE lessons, because of the bad weather the kids were in the gym instead of being outside, and that meant gymnastics practise for those who wanted it, and badminton for the others at the other end of the gym. There wasn’t enough courts or equipment for all the kids to play badminton at once so when they weren’t playing they were watching, They may have been told to watch the badminton but most of them were watching the Bright Sparks girls in their PE skirts.

The other thing that was going well was the doctor’s visits. The newly qualified doctor started coming with the usual doctor and the new doctor needed a lot of instruction and practice in clitoral stimulation. Each girl got a double dose of it with the resultant number of orgasms. What’s more, the 2 doctors kept telling everyone that more instruction and practice was needed and that it would be a few weeks before he got good at it.

Dennis is 100 percent sure that all the girls know that it is a setup but none of them complain. 


One bad thing that did happen during the third week was that Dennis was called to the school to see the head teacher. He guessed that it was about the girls clothes and he was right. The head teacher started going on about the lack of underwear and that it was distracting the other kids and the teachers, adding that their PE skirts were inappropriate.

Dennis had already worked out his argument saying that he would love to be able to purchase underwear and other new clothes for the kids, then asking if the head teacher had noticed that the other garments that they wore were ill-fitting and quite worn. Dennis explained that all the kids from Bright Sparks wore hand-me-down clothing because there just wasn’t enough money to pay for new clothes and food.

Dennis’ final salvo was to ask the head teacher if the school had any money in any cost centres that could be used to resolve the issue. Of course there wasn’t because schools are just as short of money as children’s homes are.

The head teacher went through his options with Dennis and the conclusion was that there just wasn’t the money to resolve the issue so nothing could be done. 

The head teacher had to have the final word and Dennis could have laughed when it was suggested that the girls had lessons in how to sit like a lady. Dennis responded by saying that he’d try to find a motherly woman who could take on that task.

When they were having their evening meal everyone was laughing when Dennis told them about his visit to the school.


Things plodded on very much the same until the summer break. Everyone was happy because the school year had ended and they were going on holiday, some of them for the first time every.


The afternoon before the departure date Dennis left Mandy in charge and went to collect the minibus taking Mike and David with him When they saw it, it was just what Dennis had requested, 17 seats an a roof rack. Then it was off to collect the camping equipment, which was why Dennis took Mike and David with him, why use all your energy when you can get 2 keen young men to do the work for you.

As the equipment came out of the store. The storeman explained to Dennis what each item was, and for the tents, a quick instruction of how to put them up.

Dennis wasn’t a total novice in that area, one of the homes that he’d been in was next door to a scout hut and the home manager had enrolled Dennis in the scouts. He had learnt quite a bit in the scouts and had been camping with them twice before he had to leave after social services moved him to another home.

Dennis had got Mike and David to put all the equipment into the back of the minibus saying that they’d load it properly the next morning.

Back at Bright Sparks it was a good job that the builders had left for the weekend as everyone, including 7 naked girls, came running out when one of them saw the minibus arrive. They all had a good look around it before going back inside, Dennis standing and looking at it and working out what was going where when they loaded it properly in the morning.

Then he went to have a look at the growing extension. The first few of the modules had arrived and had been bolted together. He guessed that he really shouldn’t have, but he went through the fence and had a look in. He was pleased to see that what he assumed was one of the bedrooms was a little bigger than the kids existing ones and he tried to imagine 2 rows of them with a bathroom halfway down one row on each floor.

Mandy snapped him out of his daydream by shouting to him to tell him that the food was ready.


The next morning everyone was up before their usual time and eager to get on the road. Even the girls who Dennis had told would have to wear clothes for most of the holiday, were dressed and eager to leave. School backpacks had been emptied onto beds and clothes and toiletries stuffed in them. None of the kids had many clothes and Dennis was gambling on the weather being kind to them.

Breakfast finished and washing-up done, Dennis and Mandy supervised the taking of everything outside ready for the loading to begin.

Confident that they had everything that they needed, Dennis then went outside and got the kids to unload the camping equipment, telling the moaning kids that they needed to have somewhere to sit.    

Then the loading began with Dennis asking who wanted to climb onto the roof rack to place whatever where Dennis told them. He’d been expecting David and Mike to volunteer but it was Jane’s and Ann’s hands that went up. Jane was wearing an ultra short dress and Ann a top and very short skirt and all the boys commented on what they could see as the 2 girls climbed up the ladder on one of the rear doors.

Dennis couldn’t help himself and he too looked at the 2 butts and pussies.

Everyone kept looking up the skirts of the 2 girls stood on the roof until Dennis said,

“Okay, you’ve seen them before and you’ll see them again, let’s get on with the job at hand.”

Dennis told the kids which bags were to go onto the roof and he watched as lots of eager hands lifted the heavy tents and marque up, Ann and Jane having to bend to receive them and move them around. Poles were pushed under seats then big bags then small bags were put on the seats at the rear that wouldn’t have butts on them. Finally Dennis climbed onto the roof and tied everything down, thankful that he remembered the knots that he’s learnt in the scouts.

Both girls on the roof lost a bit of their nerve and Dennis had to hang on to them from the roof and eager, boy’s hands went out to steady them as they climbed down, somehow managing to get the girls skirts up above their waists. Of course neither of them complained.

When the loading had started, Dennis had sent Mandy back inside to go round every room to make sure that everything was switched off, unplugged and closed, and she was waiting, key in hand, when Dennis climbed down. A last look around and check that everything and everyone was onboard, and Dennis switched on the engine.

To a chorus of a silly little kids song about wheels going round, the minibus left Bright Sparks.

Fortunately the minibus came with a satnav so Dennis didn’t need a human navigator and about 90 minutes later they were at a service area about half way there.

“Make yourselves decent and go and have a pee or whatever folks.” Dennis said to everyone. “I’ll stay here until some of you get back.”

Dennis watched as 7 barely covered backsides and 6 boys headed to the buildings and he hoped that they could do whatever without causing an incident.

They did and he soon watched them walking back laughing and giggling.    

“Is this the last stop before we get there?” Jennifer asked Dennis.

“That’s the plan.” Dennis replied as he headed off for a pee.

When he got back he climbed in and turned his head to check that everyone was there, he saw 6 naked girls, Mandy being the exception as she was sat in the front, although she did have her spread feet up on the dash.

“Girls, if you’re intending to flash your goodies to other motorists just make it lorry drivers. They’ll appreciate it but in cars and buses there are too many people with plenty of idle time and mobile phones.”

“They can take photos of our tits and butts.” Lucy said.

“And they can phone the police, so don’t risk it girls, and boys, don’t you encourage them.”


Dennis did hear outbursts of cheering and laughter on the odd occasions where they did pass a lorry, but the minibus had a speed restricting device and they couldn’t go much faster than most of the lorries.


Just as the first person asked,

“Are we there yet?” they were.

They pulled up outside the site’s reception building and Dennis turned his head and told everyone to make themselves decent adding that he didn’t want them to get thrown off the site before they’d even got the tents up.

Dennis and Mandy went inside, Dennis making sure that Mandy’s butt and pussy were covered before he opened the door, checked-in and paid the rest of the fees. He was given a map of the site and the woman pointed out a few of the facilities and where she wanted them to setup their camp. She told him that there was just one other group in the field at the moment and they could choose they pitched their tents wherever they wanted..

Dennis thanked the woman and he and Mandy went back to the minibus.


They slowly drove through the site with everyone looking out and commenting on a few things. Dennis stopped at the entrance to the field to decide where to pitch their tents he wanted them to be as far away from anyone else as possible. He chose a corner of the field with a bit of a wood on one side, and the start of the beach on the other side. He was pleased to see that there was a big hedge between the field and the main campsite. He didn’t want the camper on the main site to be able to see what he just knew would be soon happening, girls running around totally naked.

It was also the opposite end of the field to where there was a group of other tents pitched. He couldn’t see anyone there and guessed that they were out for the day.


“Okay guys,” Dennis loudly said as the minibus came to a halt, “marque up first, just in case it starts to rain, then we’ll put up the other tents. Who wants to go up onto the roof and get everything off?”

This time it was Jennifer and Lucy who volunteered.

Thank you girls, the rest of you slide the poles out and then wait for me to tell you what to do; and I expect everyone to do their share of the work, TEAM Bright Sparks, remember?”


Jennifer and Lucy were soon up on the roof with the boys looking up their skirts as they waited for them to untie the ropes and lower the bags to the waiting hands.


Dennis found David and Mike quite useful as they remembered what the storeman had said about how to put up the marque, and about 30 minutes later the walls were being hung round the sides of the marque, Dennis making sure that the door in was on the beach side, not the field side. He didn’t want other campers to be able to see in because he had no idea what might go on in there if he wasn’t there.


Then it was the tents for the kids, 2 of them, one for girls and one for the boys. Well that was how it would start off but Dennis wasn’t sure just how long that would last.

The tents were a bit like a modern version of the old scouts ridge tents that Dennis had used during his days as a scout, and Dennis found them easy to erect, him standing and issuing orders to both boys and girls as they all did their bit.

Dennis was amused at the girls, all I their short skirts and dresses, bending over or squatting down to pick things up or knock pegs in. He saw more pussies, not counting slits, than he did on a normal day.

Again, Dennis got the tents pitched with the door facing the beach but close together.

The tent that was for him and Mandy was last, it was a modern one with fibreglass poles and it took a bit of working out how to put it up but Mike, David and himself managed it while Mandy supervised the others getting out tables and other things for in the marque.

Finally, when all the tents were up, Dennis explained what the rolls of thin sponge were for, giving each of them one and a sleeping bag, and told them to take them, and their bag of personal belongings to their tents. He had to remind Tony that he would be sleeping in the boy’s tent, not with the girls. Although he wasn’t sure how long that would last.

“So you’re not going to give us yoga lessons on these mats then?” Angela asked.

“No Angela, as I said, they’re to stop the cold coming up to you from the ground. Make sure that you don’t roll off them otherwise you’ll wake up feeling cold.”

“If I do I’ll go and squeeze into one of the boys sleeping bags.”

Dennis just gave Angela a ‘I hope that you are joking’ look.


Dennis was both happy, and unhappy when he saw the sleeping bags being unrolled, as they all had zips along one side. He knew what that meant but he decided to let the kids find out for themselves.

Dennis had asked Mandy to organise their tent and when he went to see how she was getting on he was surprised to see that she had zipped both their sleeping bags together. He smiled as he looked at that, and her bare butt as she was on her hands and knees with her back to him, organising their tent. 


Dennis then went to the girls tent to see how they were getting on, again watching the girls organising themselves on their hands and knees. He was pleased to see that the tents were big enough to easily sleep 6. Just before he moved on he told them to go to the marque when they were finished.

Then he went to the boys tent and told them the same thing.

In the marque he started setting up things where he wanted them, and got the kids to help him as they arrived.

Things organised, he got them to sit at the tables then got Mandy to list the jobs that would need to be done as each one was suggested by the kids. He added a few of his own then asked Mandy to work out a rota for everyone to do their share of the work.

Next he gave them a little talk on some of the basics of camping that he had learnt when he was a scout, things like not touching the inside of the tent when it was raining (he had to explain that one, the same as he had had to have it explained when he was their age), and where not to have a pee in the middle of the night.

He also told the girls that they were to wear clothes when they went to the main campsite, saying that if they didn’t some boring people could complain and they would get told to leave the campsite.


Finally satisfied that they were organised, Dennis told the kids that they could go and explore which they quickly did.

Dennis took hold of Mandy’s hand, led her to their tent, and they had their first fuck in a tent.


When they had both recovered Dennis told Mandy to put her bikini on and he took Mandy exploring as well, Dennis feeling really proud of his beautiful and very scantily dressed girlfriend.

As they walked across the grass Mandy said,

“Why are there patches of light green grass Dennis?”

“That is where tents have been for more than a few days, the grass is covered and can’t get any daylight. If the tent had been there much longer the grass would have died.”

“Oh, right, I didn’t think of that.”


The first place that they found was a toilet block and Dennis was surprised at how clean and smell free the gents side was. As they wandered on, hand in hand, they passed a few people most of them smiling at them or actually sating hello. None of them paid that much attention to Mandy, that Dennis could see, although he never turned his head to see if any of them had turned theirs to look at her exposed butt in the incredibly brief, thong bottoms.

They came across a cafe, a small amusement arcade where they saw Tommy and William playing on a machine, Dennis wondering where they got the money to play from, a kids play area, and an area that had a sign calling an ‘adults exercise area’. 

That was where all the other kids were, mainly just sitting on the equipment and talking, amongst themselves and with some other kids that Dennis assumed were staying there with their parents. None of the girls were making any attempt to cover their butts or pussies, a fact that the direction of most of the boys heads told Dennis that they were looking at the girls exposure.

Dennis and Mandy waved at their kids to say hello then continued walking. Next they came across a small swimming pool, it had a big frame stacked at one end that Dennis assumed pulled out over the whole pool when the weather wasn’t as good as it was right then. Round the pool he saw half a dozen people on sun-loungers either reading or soaking up the sun.


They walked down more little roads with tents and caravans on either side until they got where they had originally entered their field. They saw a path that they hadn’t noticed when they arrived and assumed that it went down to the beach and they quickly discovered that it did. Mandy loving the feeling of sand between her toes for the first time as she walked.

It’s a big beach and there were quite a few people on it but it couldn’t be described as crowded, and Mandy was the first to spot a naked person, a man laying near the small sand dunes.


“Can I take my bikini off please Dennis?”

“Good idea Mandy, I can put it in my shorts pocket.”

She did, and the little pieces of material didn’t even make a bulge in the shorts pocket. They walked some more, down at the water’s edge, seeing a few more naked people, both men, women and little kids who obviously saw nothing wrong with being naked.

Dennis was so happy that he was on a public beach with his naked girlfriend and other people were there and some were looking at her.


After a while they turned and walked back, the same people watching Mandy as they walked passed the other way.

When they got to the path to the field they just kept walking, Dennis thought that he saw someone near one of the tents of the other group in the field but he wasn’t sure and they just kept going.


Back at the marque, Dennis was pleased that none of the kids were back and he told Mandy to bend over one of the tables and he fucked her until they both orgasmed.

Dennis had just got his shorts back up and fastened when he saw Jennifer walk through the door.

“Hi, oh good, we can strip now can we?”

She didn’t wait for an answer and her dress was off in seconds and she was asking Mandy if she’d enjoyed her walk.

“Where have you been?” Jennifer asked.

“Around the site then on the beach.” Dennis answered.

“Did you see some naked people on the beach?” 

“Yes we did.” Mandy replied.

“Did the men have hard cocks?”

“No.”

“Maybe I should go there as tease them a bit.”

“Tease who?” Jane asked as she walked through the door.

“The naked men on the beach.” Jennifer replied as she watched Jane take her skirt and top off.

“Who’s coming to the beach with me?” Jane asked.

From outside the marque Dennis heard quite a few of kids say that they would.

“Hang on a minute.” Dennis loudly said, “Have you all looked at the roster yet, because 2 of you have to start getting the meal ready.”

Dennis heard a couple of groans and they all came in and looked at the roster, causing 2 more groans and the rest of the kids turned and walked out, the rest of the girls taking their clothes off as they went.

“Don’t worry Lucy and William” Dennis said, “There will be plenty of times when you will be on the beach and they won’t.”

William, Lucy, Mandy and Dennis started getting the meal organised, Dennis showing Lucy and William how to light the gas burners then telling Mandy to go and get some water and that there was a tap just inside the gate to the field.

“Can I go like this Dennis?”

“Have a look around and if you can’t see anyone, then yes. If you can see anyone, put your bikini back on.”

“Okay.” Mandy said as she picked up the water carrier and left the marque.

When she got back she said,

“There wasn’t anyone else on the field when I left but as I was filling the carrier a minibus came and drove into the field. It was full of teenagers and some were whistling and shouting at me.”

“What did you do Mandy?” Lucy asked.

“Waved to them then waited until the carrier was full and carried it back here?”

“Didn’t you try to cover you tits and pussy?” William asked.

“No, why would I?”

Dennis smiled and thought,

“Good girl.”


Meanwhile, all the other girls had stripped, put their clothes in their tent, and were ready to leave for the beach. Dennis threw a football to Mike and off they went, 5 totally naked teenage girls and 5 clothed teenage boys. Dennis wondered what anyone who was left on the beach would think. He also looked to the other end of the field and saw 2 teenaged boys watching the Bright Sparks kids. 

Dennis changed his thoughts to the evening meal. Checking that everything was coming along nicely he turned his thoughts to electricity. The place that had loaned them the camping equipment also loaned them a little fridge, some lights and a long cable. Dennis needed to get these ready for use. Then he took William for a walk up to the little shop to buy some milk. They’d brought some with them but they needed more for the morning.

As they walked they talked, Dennis trying to find out what William thought of the place and what he wanted do whilst he was there. Unfortunately, most of the replies were “Dunno.” They only, not very constructive answer was that he wanted to see the girls running around on the beach watching their tits bounce about.

When they got back Mandy told Dennis that the food would be ready soon so, instead of sending Mandy to get the others, he sent William telling him to tell the others to run back. William smiled and ran off.


After the meal, the designated people got on with clearing-up and Dennis told the kids to go and kick the ball about in the field. They did, and a short while later Dennis decided to take the bull by the horns and go and see the other group that were camping in the same field.

As he walked passed the Bright Sparks kids playing football, he smiled as he thought that his kids brought a whole new meaning to phrase ‘shirts vs. skins’.


A man about Dennis’ age came out of a tent to meet Dennis. After introductions Dennis discovered that the group was from a school in London and that they were there to do some sort of expedition and well as having a few days away. 

“Sorry about my girls running around without any clothes on,” Dennis told the man, “it started as a punishment for 2 of the girls and then the others stripped off in sympathy. That was a couple of months ago and I still haven’t managed to get them to keep their clothes on all the time. At least they put something on when they go onto the main site.”

“That’s okay, we don’t mind.” The man replied, “I assume that that naked girl getting some water earlier was one of yours. She caused quite a stir with our lot. Quite a looker that one.”

“Yes, I guess that all our girls are quite attractive, it’s a good job that I have a steady girlfriend who I’m more than happy with.”

“Even so, you must enjoy having naked young teenager girls around you?”

“I suppose that I do, but I’ve got my girl. Hey, if your kids have any free time and you see mine just messing about maybe they could have a game of football or something. Keep them occupied for a while.

“Thanks, I’ll let them know, I suspect that they’ll agree but I doubt that my lot will win, too busy looking at your girls.”

“I’m sure that the my girls won’t mind.”


Dennis went back to his part of the field, having a little kick around with his kids and watching the girls little tits wobble a little as they ran around.



As he sat on a chair watching his kids and with the naked Mandy sat on his lap, one of her tits right in front of his face, Dennis briefly analysed his life and decided that things had tuned out well for him and that they looked like they were going to get even better.

******
