The Making of Jenny is Copyright (C) 2013 Jennifer Johnson, All rights
reserved. Please do not distribute this story without this message. 
- jenny4@ducksfeet.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This work involves consensual and non-consensual interracial sex between teens 
and teens, teens and adults and teens and horses as well as forced feminization 
and transformation. 

If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Making of Jenny, Part 4: A new hope!
	We last left Rikki at David's having been gang-banged by nine guys. 

When I woke the next day my boobs were sore and tender. David made me breakfast 
and told me he had to go to work. "You can spend the day at Albert's again. 
Don't worry. Loretta wont be there and there wont be any 'friends' to play 
with. It will just be you and him chillin for the day. You don't need to make 
yourself up but put on some nice comfortable clothes it will be a long day." 

When I went to get dressed, I noticed, in the mirror, that my boobs were pushed 
out a little bit but my nipples were really puffy. I remembered what Loretta 
said about the juice and how something about it worked if I swallowed cum. This 
still seemed strange and I wondered if this was really just a matter of my 
boobs being pawed and mauled by all those men the night before. Yeah that must 
be it. 

I put on a pair of denim shorts and a pale blue t-shirt. It was already a warm 
day and I knew it could get beastly hot in Sacramento. 

David handed me a small paper bag to take with me. It was heavy and I looked 
inside and there were three brown bottles of juice. 

The ride back to Albert's was pretty uneventful. David and I talked about silly 
stupid things and I actually got in a good and relaxed mood. We laughed at some 
jokes. I started to think I liked David and then thought maybe I liked being 
David's "white girl" but then I remembered his group of friends that abused me 
so much the night before. I started to get anxious and sad again. 

I was looking forward to seeing Albert though. He had been nice and friendly and 
while he probably wanted more sex, the last time was pretty much passive on my 
part; All I had to do was let him blow me. 

David didn't get out of the car. He just dropped me at the driveway. "I'll be 
back around eight o'clock", he said, "we can get some pizza and watch some 
movies if you want." 

I was relieved that it sounded like his friends weren't coming over. I was 
pretty sore from the night before and I really just wanted to chill and not 
have to do much of anything. 

I knocked on Albert's door and he greeted me with a smile. I smelled Loretta's 
perfume in the house but her car wasn't in the driveway and I didn't hear her 
loud voice. 

Albert asked if I had eaten. I told him I had and he mentioned there was coffee 
in the kitchen. I got some coffee and laid back on the couch and mindlessly 
watched TV. Albert was off doing other things. Honestly, the lack of attention 
was welcome. 

About an hour later I heard the front door open and close and a couple teenage 
kids about my age came in. They introduced themselves as John and Jerry. I told 
them my name was Ricky. The plopped themselves down, John on the swivel rocker 
next to me and Jerry at the other end of the couch. I started to light a 
cigarette and John said "Hey, you should wait on that." 

He pulled out a joint and lit it and passed it to me. This was the first weed I 
had smoked in nearly a year. I took a hit and went to pass it to Jerry. "Hey, I 
don't smoke but go ahead." 

I took another hit and went to pass it to John. He told me "No, it's OK", Albert 
said, "you prolly wanted to get a good buzz on. I don't really like to get high 
this early in the day." 

I took a few more hits. This weed tasted strange but I figured it was just 
different from what I am used to and probably tasted odd from being so long 
since the last time I smoked. 

John flipped channels on the TV a few times and finally settled on some 
cartoons. Bugs Bunny was, as usual, tormenting Elmer Fudd and dressing like a 
bombshell blonde. 

Jerry started snickering a little more than seemed appropriate for the cartoon 
and John said "Hey, what's with you man?" 

Jerry snickered some more and said "Hey 'she' is like Bugs Bunny, right?", 
placing emphasis on the she. 

"That's not cool man, you know Albert wont like that!" 

Just then Albert walked in and said "I wont like what?" 

John shot Jerry a look and he shut up quickly and got very straight faced. 
"Nothing Albert, Jerry is just kinda stupid with cartoons." 

Albert said "Yeah I heard him. Maybe you two should go... Well you can Stay John 
but if Jerry is gonna be that way he should find something else to do. I let 
you kids hang out here and smoke your shit but that doesn't mean you can fuck 
with my guests." 

"Oh yeah?", Jerry said, "Well fuck you then, come on John lets blow this place." 


"Fuck you asshole. I'm staying. Rikki seems like a nice girl whatever you think 
about her." 

Jerry stormed out leaving all of us in awkward silence. 

I was already pretty anxious and being pretty stoned and with new people I felt 
sort of hot and I think I was sweating a little. I shrunk back deeper into the 
couch. 

"Jerry is a little harsh at times", Albert said, "He doesn't know when to keep 
his big mouth shut. Johnny's a good kid, don't worry about him. Now you two can 
chill here, or out back if you want, but its gonna get hot today. There's some 
beer in the fridge but leave me a few, don't drink 'em all." 

"I think I'll stay inside, it's nice and cool in here.", John said, "But I'll 
take one of the brewskies you have."

He got up and went to the kitchen. "Hey girl, you want one?", He called out. 

I called back that I did and he brought me one. Even though it was cool in the 
house it still seemed like it would be good. I had forgotten that I had coffee 
and now that I was a bit baked a beer sounded better even if it was only 10:30 
in the morning. 

John sat down close to me on the couch with the ashtray between us as we smoked 
and chatted a little. He was very easy going. He was maybe 5'10" or 5'11" tall 
and had shoulder length black hair. He was Latino but very light skinned with a 
dark mustache shadow. He was very good looking. He laughed and joked with me 
and I really started to like him. 

John picked up the ashtray and put it on the floor between our feet. He moved 
himself over to me and put his arm around my shoulders. "Is that OK", he asked. 


I liked this but was now really nervous. "Uh.. yeah, OK" 

He pushed himself closer but we just watched more cartoons and laughed. I was 
really distracted. I liked having him up against me. I leaned against him a 
little more. He turned a little and kissed me slightly while he pressed his arm 
between my side and couch, pressing against my ass. He kissed me tenderly, 
putting his tongue in my mouth. I kissed him back, reaching my hands around his 
back, pulling him close to me. 

Albert walked by the living room and saw John and I. 

"Get a room, you two!", he said with a laugh. 

"I have an idea", I told John. I grabbed his hand and got up and took him to the 
bedroom where Loretta had made me up the day before. "We can have a little more 
privacy here." 

"Yeah, that's good.", he said, pushing me onto the bed.

I was a little more daring. I'm not sure if it was the pot or the beer or maybe 
both. I reached up and undid John's belt, opened his jeans and pulled them 
down. His 7" hard on was pressing against his briefs. I reached up and nibbled 
his boner through his undies. He pulled down his briefs and pushed his cock 
into my mouth. I greedily sucked his cock while rubbing his back with my hands 
pulling him closer and more of his cock in my mouth. 

He groaned "Oh yeah, ohh that's great!" 

I sucked on his cock some more and he pulled out and sat me up. 

"You know, I have never had sex before. Never. Well, Albert has sucked my cock a 
few times but that's it. I know you're not a real girl, but, well can we? I 
mean, yeah can we?" 

I was nervous all over again. David is the only man that has fucked me where it 
didn't hurt and John was a lot bigger than David. 

"You have to be really gentle.", I said, "If you do it to fast or hard its gonna 
hurt. It still might and I might want to stop." 

"It's OK, baby, I don't want to hurt you. I guess we're gonna need some Vaseline 
or something. Let me see if I can find something." 

I took my shorts off leaving my panties on. I sat on the bed a little nervous. 
John took what seemed to be quite a while. That made me even more nervous. I 
heard John and Albert laugh and I got a little paranoid over that. John 
returned with a small jar of Vaseline and he handed me one of the brown 
bottles. 

"David said you need to drink this, he said it was some sort of medicine." 

"OK", I said, drinking the bottle fairly quickly. 

"What do you need medicine for? Will you get me sick?"

"I dunno. Loretta and David say I need this for some reason. It doesn't make me 
feel bad or anything so I figured I would humor them. I'm not sick or 
anything." 

"OK", he said, "Just so long as we'll be OK."

"Sure thing, sweetie.", I said, pulling John over to the bed. 

John seemed a little bewildered as to the mechanics. "How do we do this?"

He also seemed a little embarrassed. I grabbed the pillows and put them under my 
stomach and placed my feet on the floor. 

"It would be good if you put some Vaseline on your dick and against my asshole", 
I told him. 

I could hear him fumble with the jar a little and then felt his finger against 
me. He rubbed a little on by asshole and then pushed his finger in slowly. 

"Will this help?", he asked. 

"It might. It feels good."

He stroked his cock while he fingered my asshole. After a minute or two he 
pushed against my asshole with his cock. 

"Now, take it easy there, cowboy!", I told him, "If you push too far too fast 
its gonna hurt!"

He was a true gentleman and took things nice and slow and he got all of his cock 
in. At first it was uncomfortable but as he fucked me it got a bit easier -- 
and he got a bit faster. I was so consumed with John fucking me that I didn't 
notice that Albert had walked in. He had his cock out by the time I noticed. He 
wasn't as long as the men last night but he was very thick and a good 8 1/2 
inches. 

"I sucked you yesterday", he said, "now you can suck me." 

I was already getting fucked pretty good at his house so I guess that was OK, 
even though my mouth and throat was pretty sore from last nights abuse.

Albert grabbed the back of my head and pushed my mouth onto his cock. He felt 
good in my mouth even though he was so thick he was forcing my mouth as wide as 
I can get. He started fucking my mouth without pushing into my throat. Pretty 
soon John and Albert were in the same rhythm as they pumped their dicks in and 
out of me. I felt small against these two for some reason even though I was a 
bit taller than Albert and a bit shorter than John. I felt dainty and like how 
I was being used. 

Since this was John's 'first time' he didn't last long. He groaned loudly and 
started pumping jet after jet of hot cum in my ass as Albert picked up the 
pace. John fell against my back, spent for the moment as Albert kept going. 

"Oh suck me hard you bitch, make me cum in your sweet little mouth, white girl." 


I loved the dominant sound of his voice and choice of words. I sucked harder on 
his cock, tonguing his head as he thrust in and out of me. He started to spasm 
and groan and he started to cum -- a lot. He kept spurting cum in my mouth, so 
much and so fast I could hardly swallow it all but he kept going. Finally he 
pulled out and blast my face with more cum a few times, then rubbed his dick on 
my nose and put it back in his pants. When he got up to leave John followed 
him. 

"Those fuckers", I thought, "they didn't even care to get me off!" 

I went to the bathroom to take a shower and wash all the cum, sweat and Vaseline 
off of me and jack off, too. When I took my shirt off those pesky puffy nipples 
and boobs were a little larger and my nipples were sore again. This was no 
mistake this time. Loretta's words rang in my head some more. I wondered, too, 
if the growth was that slow, as she said it would be, why did she insinuate I 
would have huge boobs like her? How many men would I have to suck and how often 
would I have to do that for that to happen. How long were these people gonna 
keep me here? Did I want to stay that long and get fucked that much? 

All these questions running through my head. 

I lingered in the shower a while and washed myself really good but I didn’t 
want to get my hair wet. I really liked the style Loretta gave it. 

I got out of the shower and dried myself off. It seemed ever so slightly that I 
had a bit of a waist now, too. I wrapped a towel around me just above my boobs 
and noticed a slight bit of cleavage. I was reminded of so many towel wrapped 
girls I had seen at the pool and on TV. I liked the look. 

I went through the cabinets and drawers looking to see what was there. I found a 
box of flowery smelling body powder and dusted myself with it and got dressed. 
I went in the living room to find Albert sitting in the swivel rocker. 

