 

                                   Candy Cane
                               A tail of two FUTA's


Her sexy thigh high black boots with lace-up side and a 6 inch heel, a pink lipstick slinky seamless mini dress the back open to her sexy tight ass her pink g-string barely peeking out small but firm full A cup breast strain against the fabric her nipples hard outlined for all to see. Swaying as she walks down the street looking over her shoulder as cars pass looking in her long shoulder lenght brunette hair brushing her shoulders as she turns her head. A large black SUV pulls up next to her with the passeger window down, looking in Candy says Hi Sugar what ya lookin for with her low sweet seductive voice.

How much for the night asks the balding older man in the SUV. Leaning in Candy asks
you a cop sugar. The man blushing saying no, $500 for the night anything you want sugar. OK get in says the man as he pushes the door open, Candy slides in next to the bald man reaching over grabbing his bulge as she purrs Oh Sugar you have a big package. The man begins to drive I'm Candy she asks where we going sugar her seductive eyes watching him, the bald man says I'm George and we are going to my place.

Snuggling close Candy whispers you know I'm a special girl licking George's ear,
I know I've been looking for a special girl like you. After 20 minutes driving they pull onto a street with wealthy houses George pulls into a driveway pulling up into a huge 10 car garage. Three other cars are parked in the almost empty garage, getting out George offers his hand to Candy she takes it as she follows him into the house. In side George ask Candy if she would like a drink he says he needs one 
she says sure sugar what ever you are drinking.

Leading her over sitting her down on the couch George walks over to the bar in the
corner of the room and begins pouring two drinks talking as he does, I'm really glad I met you Candy I'm so pleased. George walks over handing Candy a drink clicking glasses George drinks watching Candy drinking all of her drink she hands her glass back another sugar she asks. George taking the glass walking over setting it on the edge of the bar he says as he pours himself another and taking a drink.
I would love to make you another drink but I think the drugs I gave you will be kicking in any moment.

What you Bastaaa she falls to her knee leaning on the coffee table wwhhtt ddd yyuuu
dddoo mmeee she slurs as she falls back against the couch. Well Candy I gave you a cocktail of curarea, xanax, valium, rohypnol Candy eyes staring at George as he picks up a syringe walking over to her. See I need a female with male DNA for my 
experiment to work, I saw you saveral days ago and knew you were the one. Picking up her arm George injects her with the syringe this is so you will sleep you will learn to enjoy what I'm gonna do to you my sweet Candy, I'll make your dreams come true. Candy's eyes close as she slumps over knocked outfrom the drugs.

George goes into another room pushing a gurney back in easily lifting Candy putting her on the gurney he pushes it down a hallway to a door that opens revealing a elevator in he pushes her and down they go 3 floors it opens to reveal a extremely
large room filled with machines and medical equipment pushing the gurney to a operating table moving Candy onto it, then stripping her clothes off her. Once naked George inspects Candy's body writing notes A cup breast needs enhancement,
penis 3 inches needs to be enhanced. Testicules need to be removed so new vagina may be implanted.

George inserts a hose down Candy's throat turning on the anesthesia, next strapping her down tight. George then goes and begins donning a set of scrubs next scrubbing up moving back to Candy speaking into a mic as he video's the beginning of his experiment. First I will remove subject Candy's testicules as he begins to cut.

Bright lights Candy feels weak confused a shadow a hand opening her eye shining a light in flashing it back and forth. A voice she should know saying doing well but you must rest as the shadow injects something into a IV tube she fades away as the drugs induces sleep. A dozen times bright lights and the shadow speaking to her Candy doesn't know where she is or what's going on. Finally Candy wakes up she is laying in a bed with a pink canopy over the top she stretches her arms and legs as she yawns, feeling something large wiggle on her chest she looks down her eyes widen in shock. Two massive breasts are on her chest w what's happening she gasps
her hand rising to her mouth as the voice is very high and extremely female.

KNOCK KNOCK comes from the door as it is pushed open and the bald headed man walks in she knows him but can't seem to remember his name. Hello Candy my darling its been awhile since you were put to bed. You might be having a hard time remembering
my dear my name is George Kennedy not the actor I'm sorry to say smiling at Candy.
We met six months ago when you came to my house, since you arrived there have been some changes, Candy says in her soft sweet voice what have you done to me listen to me Candy starts crying. George walks over sitting on the bed lifting her into a sitting position hugging her whispering there there its ok now my love. 

Pushing George away yelling WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME YOU BASTARD? George stands up  Candy swings her legs off the bed stops staring at what is between her legs. 
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT she screams feeling something large slapping the inside of her thigh. George trying to ssshhh her reaches out slapping the babbling hysterical
woman cutting off her rants. George says listen to me Candy shut your FUCKING MOUTH
he yells at her. Now then you always wanted to be a woman you your self told me this under hypnosis and the cocktail of drugs pumped into your system. I used a new
breast enlargement procedure a special mixture of silacone/saline and a chemical I call KD374 once injected into breast tissue it attaches and swells the tissue. I decided you would look great as a EE 44EE to be exact.

Your tits you will find are extremely sensitive by just grabbing your nipples like this reaching out grabbing both Candy's nipplesand pinching them Candy screams
eeeee! as she has a uncontrollable orgasm her first every as her body violently shakes letting go George steps back as Candy gasps for breath, George says seems your vagina is working very well sounds like you enjoyed that orgasm.
V Vagina Candy stutters, Yes says George your new vagina and your beautiful futa cock. Trying to stand up Candy yelps in pain, Oh dear sit I forgot George walks over to a closet in the room picking up a pair of shoes.

You'll need this Candy one of the things I changed was your muscles and tendens in your legs shortening them so you can't stand falt footed any more here put this on handing her black patent 6" ankle strap pumps. Sliding them on and fastening the strap Candy stands up noticing for the first time the hair brushing her back almost to her ass George helps her walk over to the full lenght mirror. Looking into the mirror Candy gasps seeing her face but not her face thick bright pouty full red lips her eyes wide doe like eyes a deep green her nose pert and tiny she looks about 21 years old. Her hair platinum blonde turning she see's it lenght is to the top of her ass. Reaching up she pulls on it feeling the tug in her scalp, yes dear the hair is real and yours I used a genetic modifier on your scalp turning your hair this beautiful blonde and the lenght happened in days it was quite magnificent to watch.

Looking down at her breast 44EE it looks as if two basketballs are on her chest she lifts them feeling the weight looking down at her flat tummy then at her hairless groin she see's and gasps again a large flacid cock easily 12 inches long she lifts it feeling its girth and weight open touching her cock pleasure swells in her belly
a low moan escaping her mouth lifting it she feels under her huge cock feeling the outline of her pussy lips this brings another gasp as she touches her self for the first time.

George says to Candy as she marvels at her new face and body, your cock has been enhanced it is 12 inches soft with a full erection of 16 inches the width hard is 3.5 inches and you have the ability of keeping a erection for multiply orgasms.
You already know about your breast but, your vagina is capable of stretching to except extremely large penis's or objects the depth of your vagina is 24 inches deep you may notice you are taller you now are 5'10" you are proportional through out your overall body the use of nanite and genetic material I have developed.
Your throat muscles and your jaw and jaw muscles have been adjusted to except cocks as large as a horse with no problem even sucking say a 14 inch black cock for instant you can deepthroat it and no longer worry about breathing as special  artificial air ducts through you sinuses now allow for breathing so chocking you with a object or cock is almost impossible.

Candy says George I need you to help me I have now confirmed all of my testing and would like you to be the one to help me transfrom. I did this to you to prove it is possible for it to be done, but I need someone to direct the nanites and genetic material while I am under anesthesia. I will pay you when it is done 1 million dollars cash and I will give you new birth certificate ,drivers license, social security number and passport. Ok says Candy. George says OK get dressed any clothes you want to wear I will be down the hall when you are done kissing Candy on the cheek smiling from ear to ear George almost skips out the door.

Walking over to the dresser against the other wall Candy opens the first door finding matching bra and panty sets looking through she picks out a black sexy boyshorts panty tucking her huge futa cock into her panties then a black mesh laced bra next she walks to the closet pulling a black dotted mesh dress,once dress brushing her hair putting it into a ponytail for the time being walking down the hallway to the door on the end walking into the large operating room a huge cylinder sets where the operating table had been before.
George says over here Candy walking over she see's George typing into a laptop saying as she looks over his shoulder this is the program that will run the operation each element is already imputted but needs to have a human to press yes for each action will you do this for me please.

Candy looks at the man who has changed her agaisnt her will yet has full filled her deepest desires looks at him seeing the fear in his eyes of saying no. Yes I will do it but I want one more thing. Name it says George I want to live here I have no where else to go, smiling George stands hugging Candy kissing her on the lips YES oh yes you can live here. Letting go George begins to strip off his clothes throwing them into a trash can, George says Candy won't you need those smiling he says I better not or all this is for nothing. Naked he slides into the cylinder telling Candy to close the door and go to the computer and hit the start prompt.

Walking over Candy see's the flashing START and hits enter the screen changes reading lines of code as lights come on the cylinder and it begins to vibrate the timer on the screen says 14 hours remaining, feeling hungry Candy walks to the far door which she finds opens to a elevator she vaguely remembers going up three floors Candy begins looking around her new home finding different rooms finding the kitchen she makes a salad and drinks milk feeling full she walks back to the livingroom turning on the TV the screen come on showing a white girl about 18 with three very large muscular black men all with long thick cocks fucking the poor girl senseless.

Feeling her cock beginning to grow Candy slides her dress off and pushes her panties down pulling her cock up stroking it with both hands watching the little white slut being pounded by the three black men oooooooo so good she moans as she strokes faster her huge cock fully erect at 16 inches the giant head pointed towards her mouth leaning forward Candy begins sucking her cock as she strokes it till it blows a huge load of cum into her mouth and onto her face sucking the last drop out then useing her fingers licking the cum form her face.

Standing Candy walks to the bar pouring a drink holding the long bottle of wine her new pussy wet she sits back on the couch taking the bottom of the bottle pressing it against her new pussy lips she moans ohmygod as it slides in stretching her pussy holding the bottle by the neck she begins ramming it in and out of her pussy till she arches her back her ass rising off the couch as she has the most incredible juicy velvety cunt. She goes back down to the lab checking on George checking the computer looking back in her room finding a bathroom deciding to have a bath in the huge soaker tub.

Once done she goes back into her bedroom looking around in the nightstand next to the bed she find a dozen different toys ranging from 8 inches to a huge 20 horse shaped cock the next two hours she uses all the toys her pussy mouth and ass getting a good workout her huge cock spraying her with cum even as her pussy orgasms hard. The bed soaked in her cock cum and her pussy juices. Taking another bath and shower Candy works her self to several more orgasms. 

Putting on a robe she walks down to the Lab the click click of her high heels asshe hums to her self checking the computer the screen flashing START phase 2 hitting enter the screen starts unload lines of code the timer flashing 4 days 23 hour 13 minutes. Candy decides to go out and look around going back to her bedroom she dressed for going out first she get's her clothes out laying on the bed so she can dress. First she slides black open crotch panty hose black scalloped embroidery shelf bra with uplifting underwire support holding her 44EE's easily next a black g-sting leather pouch to hold her futa cock. A stunning wet look dress with a breathtaking front cutout and seductive sheer side panels and full wet look back. 
The cut out letting anyone see her huge breasts. Finally her shoes 8 Inch Stiletto with 4" Platform that are silver and black with ankle strap.

She takes a small black leather wallet purse with silver chain strap putting some make-up and cash she had found up stairs and goes up to the garage. Four cars sit in the spacious garage the SUV a Lincoln Continental, a Jeep Wrangler, and a bright red Porsche looking in the porsche she see's the keys sliding behind the wheel pulling out onto the highway driving to the side of town she from pulling into a club she know's Shades nite club sliding out from behind the seat she walks into the club all eyes watching her as she glides along. Holding the door open for her she walks pass the doorman breathing a sexy thank you to him. Inside she goes to the bar ordering a drink sitting on a bar stool several men stop by asking her to dance trying pick-up lines on her. Candy spots someone she knows walking over sliding into the sit next to Terri a friend from way back. Hi Terri remember me ?
asks Candy. The redhead 5'9" 150 lb 38-28-30 C Cup shemale gressed in a red mini dress and black pumps with 5 inch heels looks up saying I don't think we have ever meet before. Smiling Candy says Terri it's me Candy. Her eyes opens wide Candy my god what happen to youwe all thought you were dead or something you look fantastic exclaims Terri.

Tell me asks Terri where have you been? Candy says lets get out of here we could go back to your place. Both beautiful women stand up walking out side Terri gasps seeing the porsche oh god this is yours she asks, no my friends says Candy. A five minute drive ends at Terri's place a small apartment in front of several apartment buildings. Once inside and after drinks has been made they sit on the couch next to each other Terri asks So tell me what happened? Well I meet this guy who used me to do some experiments on me I now have real 44EE breast they aren't fake. Terri reaches out with both hands hefting both feeling them a moan escapes Candy looking up Terri says god your getting turned on aren't you. OH yes they are so sensitive now it makes my pussy so juicy. Pussy says Terri staring at Candy saying here my little bottom has turned into a real girl Oh I'm so jealous.

Yeah he also gave me alittle extra raising her the bottom of her dress Terri see's the huge bulge in Candy's pouch, OH MY GOD gasps Terri her hand wanting to touch it 
Go ahead sugar you can touch it says Candy. Terri reaches unhooking the pouch pulling Candy's futa cock free her eyes widening HOLY SHIT its fucking huge my 8 inches are just small compared to that. Reaching over Candy puts her hand on the back of Terri's neck pulling her over kissing heras Terri strokes Candy's cock.
Grabbing a hand full of Terri's hair Candy purrs now bitch your the bottom pulling her towards her cock Terri's open mouth takes the head Candy pushes more in gagging the little shemale slut.

Yeah bitch it my turn to be the top as she fucks Terri's face on and off her huge futa cock it swells getting longer pulling out Candy shoves Terri back as she rolls over onto her hands and knees on the floor Candy lifts Terri's dress leans down licking and kissing the ass of Terri spitting on her hole useing the spit from Terri's mouth she pushes the huge head against the tiny opening. Terri screams as Candy is shoving the huge futa cock head through her anal opening .
OOOOOOHHH GODDDDDD STOPPP IT HURRTTSSSS grabbing Terri's hips the beautiful futa is to far gone to even listen to what Terri is saying slamming forward her huge cock rips through Terri's analring slightly tearing it as the monster cock begins to sink into her body aaiiiiieee screams Terri as inch after inch sinks into Terri's ass.

Now her futa cock is 10 inches into Terri's ass grabbing a hand full of redhair she yanks back as she shove back in each thrust gaining a inch when she feels her groin slap Terri's does she realize she has all 16 inches of her futa cock inside Terri
sobbing as Candy brutally fucks her ass, her own 8 inch cock hardening as she is pounded violently. Feeling she is going to cum she pulls out of Terri's torn and gaping ass pulling her head up shoving her cock down her throat pumping a enormous amount of cumdown her throat so much she is choking on ut as it squirts out around Candy cock out Terri's nose as she can't swallow fast enough. Finally she shudders pulling her softening cock out of Terri's mouth. Gasping for air the redhead shudders her self as the futa cums drives her mad she almost throws herself back onto Candy's cock milking more of her special futa cum from it. Finally pulling back off her cock Terri looks up Candy I love you please let me be your slave and cum dump please I need you Terri almost sobs. 

Putting her cock away Candy stands up saing OK slut get what ever you need for the next week and I'll take you with me and use your slutty ass and mouth. Terri adjusts her panties and dress getting up she limp walking stiffly after the ass rimming Candy has given her. Drinking her drink Candy feels empowered like never before Terri returns after several minutes two suitcases packed and ready to go. Helping get all of Terri's stuff into the porsche the futa and shemale speed back to George's where Candy fucks Terri till she passes out from exhaustion. Candy checks on the computer seeing 4 days 12 hours to go.

For the next four days Terri and Candy fucks and suck each other Terri loves Candy's pussy shoving her arm to the elbow into Candy Terri fist fucks her till she almost passes out, Candy returns the favor after rimming her ass open with her monstrous cock Candy fist fucks Terri's ass till she does pass out. After the 4 days Candy see's the computer flashing START Final procedure she hits enter lines of code roll across the screen the timer saying FINAL TIME 10 hours till all procedures finished. THe two women eat have a light fucking session clean up waiting for the computer too finish.

THe computer begins beeping looking at the screen open transformation cube going to the cylinder Candy unlocks and lifts the door a unconsious form lays inside with Terri's help they lift out a woman 5'11" 150lbs around 21 years old long waist length thick black hair a beautiful  42-25-31 figure huge 42EE tits naked they look at her cock easily longer then Candy's under her cock a beautiful perfect looking vagina. Useing the gurney they roll her into the elevator taking her up to George's room laying her in bed the futa and shemale go back downstairs for a good fuck and sleep.

Waking early Candy goes up stairs to George's room finding the woman sitting on the edge of the bed her hair wet and sticky a lite covering of sweat all over her naked body looking up she smiles at Candy. Hi says the woman in a high soprano voice what do you think she says holding her arms out. George you are gorgeous says Candy.
No baby I'm not George anymore I'm Tiffany you can call me Tiff for short. Looks like you like your new body sugar says Candylaying back Tiffany spreads her legs please Candy I need to feel a cock inside me. Already aroused Candy strokes her cock a few times and shoves it into Tiffany who screams in pleasure EEEEEEEEEEEEE god yes fuck this little whore cunt, Candy bangs away furiously driving Tiffany to multiply orgasm before pulling out crawling on top of her shoving her cock into Tiff mouth and blasting her load down his throat, Tiff sucks and cleans her cock till Candy slides off to the side.

I've waited for this all my life says Tiffany I loved being a man but I always wanted to be a woman now I both thank you Candy she starts crying Candy says whats wrong sugar, Tiffany says I'm just so happy. Candy and Tiff snuggle for awhile then once more Candy fucks the shit out of Tiffany almost leaving her a sobbing pile of orgasmic meat once she has regained control she tells Candy to suck her cock Tiffany returns the favor to Candy by brutally fucking her pussy with her 20 inch futa cock, Candy a sobbing pile as Tiffany punches in and out of her pussy till firing the largest load she has ever felt in her before Candy's belly swelling with the amount of cum. Once Tiffany pulls out the gaping futa's cunt a river of cum pours out onto the bed.

Soon Terri omes upstairs Tiffany is introduced to her and Candy and Tiffany fuck the redheaded shemale, after Terri starts crying saying she wants a pussy two at which point Tiffany laughs saying of course baby I can do that and we all can live together and fuck French kisses all the way around as Terri starts downstairs
Tiffany and Candy walking hand in hand Candy stops looks at Tiffany. Thank you sugar I never really got a chance to thank you she kisses Tiffany deep and hard.
You made all my dreams come true says Candy, smiling Tiffany says oh baby you ain't seen anything yet baby. Come on got a redhead that needs a futa make-over both women giggle as the walk to the lab.







