

As I sat in my office, no matter what I did, I could not get my
mind off the last time I saw Jason. I fondly remembered the first
time he entered my radar. It was the last Friday in June and
pouring rain outside. I took it as an opportunity to open my
bottle of Pinot tucked away in the fridge for a rainy day.
Looking at the clock I knew I would make it outside just in time
for him to come home from work. I slipped into a white linen
sundress with nothing on under it and pulled up a chair on the
balcony, I enjoyed living on the second floor because I was able
to sit and watch for him. As he drove up on his motorcycle a
chill ran through my whole body because I knew his girlfriend had
not yet come home from work, she usually arrived before him. He
pulled into the parking lot of the complex like clockwork, pulled
into his designated parking space and dismounted his bike. He
looked good enough to do God knows what with, his suit was
soaking wet as a result of the unexpected rain and when he took
off his jacket his white once starched oxford clung to him and
accented every muscle in his arms. As he dismounted his bike and
took off his helmet he looked up and I undoubtedly caught his
eye. His Walnut Brown skin was so smooth that it glistened even
though there was no sun in sight and when he stared at me with
his jet black eyes I felt the moisture building up and pouring
out of me through every pore.  I rose my crystal wine glass as to
say cheers and he unconsciously licked the rain off his upper lip
and smiled showing off a smile I had only seen on a Colgate
commercial. He commented on how bad the roads were as a result of
the rain. My eyes were fixated on his wet lips and I told him
that a glass of wine might do him some good after such a hard day
at work. I saw him glance over in the direction of his
girlfriend's empty parking space and look back up at me and
bashfully smiled. I knew at that point the seed had been planted.
He thanked me for the offer and graciously declined. I could see
at that point my conquest would be a bit more difficult than I
originally anticipated. At that moment I slightly spread my legs
propped my feet up so they were leaning against the railing of
the balcony. From the way I was sitting on the chair I knew that
by looking up he would have a clear view of everything under my
dress or should I say not under my dress. I acted as if I didn't
see him staring but knew he was and this amused me. He went to
the back of his bike to retrieve his briefcase and then proceeded
to his apartment. I smiled to myself knowing that even though he
cannot have me at this moment, I know he wants me. When his
girlfriend comes home he will make love to her and see nothing
but me. 

The Sunday after this encounter I intentionally planned on doing
my laundry during the time his girlfriend went to church. I had
to pass his apartment on my way to the laundry room and he sure
enough would hear me coming down the stairs and look to see if it
was in fact me. Earlier that morning I walked my Saturday night
company to his car in my silk bathrobe and as I said my goodbyes
I caught Jason pulling a peeping Tom thru the drapes of his
sliding glass door. Since he wanted a show I gave him one. I sat
on the hood of my company's car and spread my legs with
nothing-on underneath as he pressed against me with a handful of
ass. He must have really thought I was thanking his sorry ass for
the night before but in fact all I was doing was teasing my
eavesdropping neighbor. As I walked back to my apartment I
glanced in the direction of his door and could feel him sizing me
up and down. As soon as I got to the laundry room I heard his
apartment door open and close, I could feel him approaching me
from behind and so I did what any scandalous woman would do, I
bent over into my basket. I had on a pair of cut off shorts and
tank top and knew that as big as my ass is, bending over would do
no more than cause half of it to fall out of the back of my
shorts. The laundry room was quite small and I knew he would have
no choice but rub against me upon entering. As soon as he entered
I smelled his cologne, he must really think he's gonna get some
of this I smiled to myself. I turned around and was not even a
foot from him and looking up at his 6'2 frame. I acted surprised
to see him and struck up a general conversation regarding work.
As I spoke to him I could feel his eyes all over me. I've always
prided myself on the care I take of my body from head to toe. I
intentionally did not wear any shoes especially during the summer
so that I could show off my perfectly pedicured toes. My feet are
not perfect but that's the key to foot jewelry, they take notice
off the imperfections and put the focus totally on the jewelry,
always silver to bring out the bronze of my skin. Toe rings and
an anklet is my trademark with orange nail polish. My legs are
every man's wet dream, waxed and oiled, suntan oil I always wear
during the summer because not only does it smell good but also
makes my legs glisten in the light. My white, see-thru half shirt
not only showed off my belly ring but made him aware I was not
wearing a bra. My nipples stood to attention on command and let
him know I was ready for whatever. As I stood there watching his
lips as he spoke to me I jumped up to sit on the dryer trying to
act as if I was at all interested in what he had to say. He said
that he came down to put a few things into the dryer that hadn't
completely dried from the rain. As most men, his excuse was as
weak as he would soon be. I opened the dryer with my foot and
spread my legs to give him full access to the dryer. As he bent
over to put his clothes in he grabbed my foot and commented on
how pretty my feet were. I asked him if they were pretty enough
to eat and removed my foot from his hand and rubbed it between
his legs. I felt him rise with each gentle stroke of my foot
against his dick. He then grabbed my foot and put each toe in his
mouth sucking them like he was a five year old on a hot day with
a freeze pop. After he finished with the first foot he proceeded
to the next and when he finished he closed and locked the door to
the laundry room. He moved toward me leaned me back on the dryer,
unzipped my shorts with his teeth and removed them along with my
g-string. He got down on his knees and began kissing my inner
thighs with one hand on my breast squeezing my nipple hard enough
to leave an imprint of his fingers. As he moved further up my
thigh he finally reached my pussy. His tongue was so hot and
thick and he licked and sucked my clit like it was trying to get
away from him. As much as I tried not to cum I couldn't help it,
I felt it creeping on me like a thief in the night and finally I
couldn't hold it in any longer and erupted, he kept going and I
couldn't stand it and grabbed a handful of his curly Black hair
and yanked his head back. He stood up and began unbuttoning his
shirt, when he took it off I almost came again, his upper body
was perfect, he had a large tattoo of a bulldog across his left
peck and the astrological sign of Leo on his right arm. When he
removed his pants I dropped my mouth knowing that his mother had
to have bred with a bull because he was as wide as my wrist and
as long as my forearm. As he stepped toward me in the back of my
mind I was calculating how long the recovery period from this
event was going to be and wondered how the hell his petite
girlfriend was ever able to take all of that. He grabbed my ass
with each hand and pulled me toward him, when I reached the edge
of the drier he forcefully thrust his dick inside me. I let out a
small moan and felt it filling me from the inside out. I couldn't
help but to grab onto his massive arms to the point where my
nails were dug into him and one actually broke off. The heat from
the drier along with the feeling of him inside me caused me to
collapse backward vibrating with the movement of the drier
beneath me. He took this as an opportunity to lean down and suck
my nipples until they were as long as my pinky finger. As I put
together all the strength I had left to prop myself up on my
elbows I erupted again and had no choice but to collapse back
onto the drier exhausted. I didn't realize at the same moment I
was pulsating he had also cum. Just as we gained our composure we
heard a slight knock at the door. It was his girlfriend. As he
reached for his pants I motioned for him to be quiet by placing
my finger over his mouth. She knocked two more times asking is
anyone in there. When we didn't respond we heard her walk away
cussing the maintenance man for leaving the grounds for the
weekend and forgetting to unlock the door. We quickly dressed
before she returned; I crept out of the building through the
emergency exit and walked around and entered through the main
door as if I was arriving home. He went up the emergency exit and
came down the main stairs as if he was coming from the top
floor's laundry room. As I entered my apartment and collapsed to
my couch before jumping in the shower I laughed to myself
thinking I will definitely have to put this in my journal as a
close call but it was worth it.



