Kerry Gets Her Husband's Attention
byLuckyDave1066©

By 10 PM Kerry had given up on getting a phone call, email or text from her husband that night, other than possibly receiving a rambling drunk text sometime after midnight. She knew by now how the vacation Tony and a group of his high school friends took every summer would be going. Every year he and his buddies picked out a different city with a major league baseball team to visit, seeing 4 or 5 games in a week-long beerfest. From the handful of details she had overheard they all typically slept till noon or later, hit a bar near the stadium in the afternoon, kept their buzz going through the game and relived the highlights of the game as best they could remember them over several more beers. She was pretty sure the evening drinking sessions usually ended up in some strip club.

Kerry didn't really know any of Tony's traveling companions very well since she and Tony lived halfway across the country from where most of them lived and these trips were the only times they actually got together; she thought they were harmless enough but wasn't thrilled to have her husband drunk and leering at strippers for a week every summer.

Her annoyance at this year's trip went through the roof when her phone's chime alerted her to an incoming text long after midnight; she squinted at the clock on her nightstand.

"3:48! What the hell, Tony, you know I have to work in the morning!" she groaned before picking it up just in case he was actually in some trouble.

He wasn't in trouble before she saw the text but definitely was after. The text was not from Tony but came from one of his companions, Max, who apparently thought it would be funny to send her a photo of Tony with a huge grin on his face and a nearly naked stripper on his lap. Her first instinct was to call Tony right then and rip into him, but she decided to wait until morning to give herself time to calm down and him time to sober up.

Kerry overslept and had to scramble just to get to work on time, so she put off her call to Tony. By the time she had a free moment to make the call she was thinking of and rejecting various ways to react. She considered a sex boycott but realized that she'd be punishing herself along with Tony. Posting the photo on social media would embarrass her and he might actually enjoy that anyway!

There was one oddball idea she hadn't been able to dismiss. She thought it might make Tony consider his lack of respect for both her and the woman wiggling on his lap in the photo if she sent him a similar photo featuring his wife on some random guy's lap! Since the lap dancing babe had on at least some minimal lingerie Kerry figured her version could feature a relatively modest bra and panty set. She liked the idea well enough to spend most of her lunch hour searching online for a strip club to serve as the setting for a photo session. Eventually, she found one a little over an hour away, far enough from their home to minimize her chances of running into anyone she knew.

That night after work she headed home for a quick dinner before getting ready for her photos. She picked out a fairly conservative maroon bra and matching panties and touched up her makeup to look a little more dramatic. She put the skirt and blouse she'd just taken off back on since the underwear was really the point tonight. She set off for her choice of venue, a club named The Doll Haus. Besides being far enough away, the photos on its website made it look like a reasonably clean establishment.

The bouncer at the door raised one eyebrow when Kerry asked to see the manager, but pointed to a few guys behind the bar, saying, "You want to talk to Nick, he's the one in the black shirt." before going back to watching a video on his phone; her plan to arrive before the place got too busy seemed to have worked out okay, she only saw a handful of guys seated at the stage and a couple more at the bar.

Once she had Nick's attention she explained the reason for her visit: "I'm just looking to have a few pictures taken of me in my underwear sitting on some guy's lap with the stage in the background. It's sort of a gift for my husband."

"We're pretty strict here about not permitting photography, but if you can get permission from everybody who'll be visible in the background I'll permit it," he answered, "Unfortunately my liability insurance policy only allows employees to do lap dances, if you somehow fell and were injured I'd be screwed, so you'll have to accept a token payment of $5 to establish your status as an employee and dance on the stage for a couple of songs before you can have your photo shoot."

Kerry had half expected some sort of resistance to her request but definitely hadn't expected this. She had stripped for Tony several times and loved the effect it had on him; the sex afterward was great every time. He insisted she could do it for a living if she wanted to and would easily double what she earned as a receptionist at a small engineering firm. Doing what Nick was asking her to was a whole other thing; she'd enjoyed performing for Tony for the feeling it gave her as well as how much he appreciated it but never really considered stripping for anything but a one-man audience.

Still, the idea was giving her a warm tingly feeling; she offered Nick a compromise.

"I'll dance for two songs, but only down to my bra and panties since that's how I want to be dressed in my photos." The idea of even going that far gave her butterflies, but she told herself that since she'd have to undress that far anyway for the photos it really didn't make a difference where it happened.

"It's a deal," said Nick, handing her a $5 bill.

"Welcome aboard, you can go on right after Wendy over there is done with her set."

"Right now, so soon?" Kerry gulped.

"I got the impression you'd like to get this over with before the place gets crowded, but if you'd rather wait till later that's fine too."

"No, you're right, I'll go on as soon as Wendy is finished," Kerry said.

Nick pointed out the DJ, telling Kerry to let him know what songs she wanted to dance to and how to introduce her, then volunteered to talk to the men alongside the stage to get their permission to be in the background of Kerry's photos.

The sudden change in Kerry's plans hadn't left her much time to think about what she was about to do; once she'd finished with the DJ she had a moment to consider her new plan. Even a partial striptease like she was about to do was way more than she'd set out to do; she was way beyond nervous but also found herself starting to imagine the small crowd getting as excited as Tony had every time she danced for him. Thinking about their arousal was starting to build her own.

Standing behind a curtain at the back corner of the stage she let out a tiny gasp when the DJ addressed the crowd: "Please give a big Doll Haus welcome to our newest dancer, Elise!" she shook a little as she heard the saxophone opening to her first song, "Smooth Operator" by Sade, her cue to begin her striptease.

Knowing she had almost 8 minutes to fill before her two songs were finished and only planning on taking off two garments, Kerry took her time slowly strutting all around the stage, pausing to turn and shake her ass at the few guys sitting at the stage. Roughly halfway through the song, she stopped near the middle of the stage and ran her fingers through her hair.

Then ran her hands down over her shoulders.

Then over her breasts, pausing briefly to tweak her nipples through her blouse and bra.

Then down over her belly.

Then behind her to massage her ass.

Then, while one finger tugged gently at her lower lip as if deciding whether to continue, her other hand popped open the button at her skirt's zipper.

Kerry slid the zipper's pull down very slowly until the loose skirt was only kept in place by her fingers holding the pull; the calls from her audience: "Let it go! Lose the skirt!" provided her with encouragement she really didn't need. By now she wanted her skirt to be off at least as much as her audience did!

She let the skirt fall to the floor just as the song ended, reveling in the cheers, whistling and clapping from her small but now devoted audience. After a few seconds, the DJ started her second song, "Fever" by Southside Johnny. Kerry made another tour around the stage, giving her patrons a good look at her ass, now clad only in her lacy maroon panties. Distracted by her gyrating butt many of her admirers didn't notice right away that she had started unbuttoning her blouse, but when they did the hooting and calls for her to take it off began in earnest. Kerry was amazed at how much noise the eight or so guys begging to see more of her body were capable of making.

She was also pretty shocked at how aroused she was getting; the idea of performing even a limited striptease for a pretty small crowd had been intimidating, but now the stimulation it was giving her was way beyond her expectations. Her hands were shaking as she undid the final few buttons and slowly pulled open the blouse, giving her fans a good look at her bra.

Kerry heard the calls: "Take it off!" and couldn't hold back much longer; she slipped the blouse off her shoulders, leaned back and brought her arms down straight at her sides. Her fans roared in approval and clapped louder than ever as the blouse slid down off her arms and pooled at her feet.

Kerry was now dressed down to the level she had planned for her photos but the quick removal of her blouse left her with several minutes to fill; she hadn't expected the DJ to play the longer live version of the song. Her audience definitely wanted more from her, more of her. Deep down she realized she wanted to keep going too, wanted to keep riding this high she was experiencing and knew exactly how she could keep it going.

She thought to herself: "I haven't been struck by lightning so far, what's the harm in taking this a little further?" then lifted her bra's strap off her left shoulder, sliding her arm out of it and playing with it for a moment; her fan club cheered loudly as she reached for the other shoulder strap. She paced back and forth in front of her followers, seeming to ask what they thought she should do now. As if there was the slightest doubt. Kerry's own growing need made it unanimous; she took a while but completed the freeing of her right arm to ever louder calls from the side of the stage: "TAKE IT OFF! TAKE IT OFF!"

Thinking the end of the song was near, Kerry reached behind her with her left hand and popped the hooks loose while holding the cups in place with her right hand, then slipped her left hand under the left cup of her bra, leaving the bra hanging loosely on only her right breast! She held the right cup in place with her right hand while using her left hand to massage her otherwise naked left breast, drawing howls of delight from her fans. After a few moments of kneading her breast, Kerry reluctantly moved on, sliding her left hand under the right bra cup while covering most of her left breast with her arm; her arm was too slender and her breasts too full to conceal much this way and the partial reveal was well received by her audience.

With her left hand and arm keeping her chest from complete exposure, Kerry was free to use her right hand to pull the bra off entirely, swinging it wildly in a circle a few times before impulsively tossing it at the cluster of her admirers! As the last seconds of the song played she strutted towards the exit behind the curtain, turning to face the audience one last time before stepping offstage. She finally gave in to her fans fervent wishes as well as her own, waving with her left hand and blowing kisses to her admirers with the right, leaving her breasts completely on display for most of a minute!

Kerry sat in the dancer's dressing room backstage for several minutes before her pulse settled back down to something close to a normal range. She couldn't believe she had just stripped almost completely nude, for an audience, on a stage, in a strip club, technically for pay as an employee. "My God, I'm sort of a real stripper now!" she thought, smiling as all this ran through her mind. She put on her blouse without bothering to button it and headed out to the seating area; she was about to head over to where her fans were sitting when Nick stopped her, saying: "Unless you're thinking of offering them lap dances you probably should maintain a little distance from your audience. It's easy to let the energy generated by a performance like you just gave give the patrons the wrong idea, or maybe several wrong ideas."

Kerry blushed, having had some very wrong ideas herself in the last few minutes, and agreed, "I'm sure you're right about fraternizing with those guys, but mostly I just wanted to ask if I could have my bra back! Remember, my real reason for being here tonight, before you turned me into a stripper, was to just get a few pics of me in my lingerie on some guy's lap!"

"I didn't forget," Nick replied, handing her the missing bra, which he'd been holding behind his back the whole time. "I had to promise the guy who caught this a few free drinks just to get it back for your photo session. I offered him a lot more freebies to give it back permanently but he wouldn't make a deal!"

"Thanks! You've been a big help," said Kerry as she took her blouse off and began putting the bra back on, partly just not feeling too self-conscious anymore about flashing her boobs, and partly looking for some reaction from Nick. His reaction surprised, then pleased her.

"About those photos, I've found you a volunteer. Me! A fringe benefit of owning the joint, if that's okay with you."

"Sure, why not, I'm ready if you are!" said Kerry, not letting on how pleased she was; the bartender on duty looked pretty rough and the DJ looked too nerdy for her purposes. Nick occupied a middle ground between disreputable and utterly safe, perfect for making Tony jealous.

Mike the bartender took a few minutes away from his post to take the photos with Kerry's phone; she duplicated the pose in the photo she had received, straddling and facing Nick, holding on to his shoulders with her breasts pressed tight to his chest and her head tipped back. Just to give herself more options, and maybe a little bit because she was enjoying herself, they took some more in several other arrangements before Mike was needed at the bar. She decided her favorite was one where she straddled Nick's legs while facing away from him, leaning back with her head on his shoulder; she thought the placement of his hands heightened it's impact, with his left hand resting on the inside of her left thigh and the right one reaching around her just barely below her bra.

Once the photos were all taken Kerry got back into most of her "real life" outfit and thanked Nick again for all his help, handing him her bra to be returned to her fan. Just as she was about to head out the door she paused to have a last look around, wanting to remember every detail of this once in a lifetime adventure.

Though it wasn't particularly late, by the time Kerry made it home she was exhausted. She couldn't stop smiling as she thought about her evening; her public debut as a stripper had been as thrilling as it was unexpected. She couldn't decide which photo to send to Tony and figured sending any of them was bound to result in a more intense conversation than she was up for just then, so she decided to put it off until the morning.

Waking a little earlier than she normally did, Kerry immediately reached for her phone to start composing a text to Tony to accompany her photo. She thought there would be plenty of time before getting to work to have a phone call with Tony to discuss how they each felt about seeing their spouse in their respective photos.

Before she had a chance to start a new text she saw that she had a new one already from Max, sent at 2:15 AM. The new message included another shot featuring Tony with a lap full of stripper, a different one from the earlier strip club photo. She and Tony were both wearing big smiles. The disturbing thing for Kerry was that this stripper wasn't wearing anything besides her smile! Well, Kerry thought: "Technically she's not naked, she's wearing some pretty nice high heels and a garter." After all her effort last night her plan to respond to the outrageous photo of Tony's with a similar one of her own had been foiled before she even had a chance to send it to him. She closed her message app without sending any messages and headed to work, furious again at Tony's behavior.

Stewing all morning about the latest photo, Kerry tried to think of an adequate response. She thought of several possible reactions but found every idea she came up with less satisfying than her original plan. She considered just sending one of her photos as planned, but they seemed like a weak response to the fully nude photo received today. She knew her original concept of matching his photo with one of her in the same state would have more of an impact than anything she could say or write to Tony, but thought there was no way she could pose like that.

"Or could I?" she wondered, "I was practically nude at the end of my dance last night anyway!"

She debated the pros and cons of sending Tony a photo of her totally naked in a strip club. It was certainly provocative, but every time she looked at the latest photo from Max her determination to respond in kind grew. By the time she left work her mind was made up to do it, or at least see if she could.

Once at home, Kerry studied the contents of her lingerie drawer; she thought if there was any chance she was actually going to go through with this idea she wanted something more dramatic than the basic bra and panties she wore yesterday. She hadn't been planning on stripping on a stage yesterday but knew there was a fair chance she would end up doing so tonight. A few minutes of looking through her collection turned up a set she'd almost forgotten about; fine black fabric, utterly sheer other than a few small strategically placed lace panels. The cut of the panties and size of the lace area was small enough that Kerry felt the need for some last minute trimming of her already neatly trimmed pubic hair. Seeing her usual landing strip reduced to a fraction of its usual size she decided to just remove it entirely, thinking: "If I'm gonna get naked I might as well go all out!"

She couldn't find a garter, so she added some similarly sheer black thigh high stockings to her outfit. With the addition of a very lightweight and fairly short pleated black skirt and a red button-down blouse, she decided she was ready to go. Maybe ready; she still had waves of doubt about this plan, which were alternating with waves of anticipation.

The hour plus drive did nothing to settle her nerves, but by 9 o'clock she found herself in the parking lot of her new favorite strip club, working up her nerve to go inside. Knowing she'd probably need to strip onstage to get the photos she wanted made the walk from her car to the entrance way harder than the same trip yesterday when she hadn't had a clue about the turn her evening was about to take. She was more nervous tonight, but also had the memory of the crazy thrill her dance had produced to encourage her; she left the car and headed to the door.

The bouncer recognized her right away, saying: "Welcome back! Are you planning on dancing again?"

"Maybe, probably, I don't know. Last night was way more intense than what I had planned. Is Nick here?"

"He had to run an errand, but he'll be back soon. Have a drink while you wait," he said, handing Kerry a couple of coupons for free drinks.

Kerry made her way to the bar, noticing that there were already more patrons than last night. She said hello to Mike who greeted her with a big smile as he took her order.

Kerry watched the dancer on the stage as she sipped her Baileys, picking up a couple of ideas for possible use later. She'd been there about 15 minutes when Nick showed up at her table.

"Good to see you again; are you thinking of continuing your career in the art of dance?" he asked with a smile.

"I might be if your rule about having to appear on the stage the same way I'd like to be photographed still stands; I've decided I'd like to have some photos like we took last night but more revealing."

"Exactly how revealing are we talking about?" Nick asked.

"I'm not entirely sure what I can handle, but my goal is to be pretty much nude, maybe keeping on my stockings."

Nick paused a minute then replied: "I think in fairness to the other girls we'd want you to follow the same rules. Your time onstage gives them more time to work the floor to find guys interested in having a lap dance, so your dancing a set actually helps them out. For what it's worth, I'm sure every one of my customers would vote for you to take a turn on the stage. If I'm not mistaken you don't want me to let you off the hook either!"

Kerry blushed, saying: "You're probably right about that. Last night was surreal. When do you want me to go on, boss?"

"Debbie is just finishing her set and Alison is ready to start hers, you can follow her," said Nick, "Go talk to Richie in the DJ booth to tell him which three songs you'd like to dance to. Have fun up there!"

Kerry gave Richie her set list, sticking with her two songs from her first performance and adding the Michael Buble version of "The Way You Look Tonight" to close her performance. Just adding another song was a reminder to her why she was extending her act, she couldn't help shivering a little when Richie told her she had an extra 4:38 to work with.

By the time her talk with Richie was over, she saw Alison was already completely nude, dancing to her final song - her turn on the stage was almost here! Kerry had a momentary urge to bolt, but fought it off and soon heard Richie asking the crowd to welcome back "Elise." She strutted to the far end of the stage, swiveling her hips as she went, making the skirt flip up enough to treat the crowd to a glimpse of her panties. As sheer as they were and with no lace at the back or sides it was almost like they weren't there.

Having reached the part of the stage projecting furthest out into the sea of tables, Kerry was able to see past the glare of the stage lighting. She was stunned by how many more men were out there than there had been the night before, way more than even a few minutes earlier when she'd been having her drink. She assumed a party bus must have just arrived, thinking: "Last night was intense enough, now I've got 5 times as many guys watching me..." The idea made her quiver briefly, but her smile grew even wider.

Recovering quickly from her momentary distraction, she decided to modify her act a little, reaching for the buttons of her blouse first. She alternated between the top and bottom buttons, pacing all around the edge of the stage, the blouse opening to reveal a bit more of her taut belly as each button was unfastened. Once the final button was undone Kerry slowly drew the sides apart, drawing them tightly over her nipples only to close up the gap again, repeating the process at several parts of the stage to subject as many guys as possible to this bit of teasing. A chant started up: "TAKE IT OFF, LOSE THE SHIRT!"

Kerry stood at center stage and slipped her right shoulder free; the chant grew louder. She slipped the blouse over the left shoulder and down over her elbow; the chant turned into an incoherent roar as she worked both arms free, letting the blouse fall to the stage. Her first song was just about to end as she made took a lap around the stage squeezing her breasts through her bra and briefly pulling on her nipples as she went.

As Sade faded out and Southside Johnny came over the speakers Kerry switched her attention and that of the audience to her skirt, flipping the back up at various points around the stage to give as much of the crowd as possible a brief look at her ass before letting the fabric drop back in place. She spent some time massaging her ass through the thin fabric, raising the applause level a bit. Just to see what the reaction would be she plunged her right hand down inside the front of her skirt and gave the lace panel of the panties a brief rub! Despite not being able to see if she was really doing what it looked like she was, the crowd roared their approval.

As much as Kerry was enjoying her action and the crowd's reaction, she still had enough self-control to pull her hand back into view, toying with her audience one more time by pausing to suck on it's three middle fingers! The roar continued; she had thought the small audience yesterday was loud but she could feel tonight's sound level enveloping her like it had a life of its own.

The skirt Kerry was about to get out of had an elastic waist and no zipper, so she couldn't tease the audience that way, but she found that the crowd was perfectly happy to simply watch her hook her thumbs into the waistband, bend over and very slowly pull the skirt down over her ass. She liked bending over just now for another reason; she was a bit self-conscious about the tiny area covered by the front panel of her panties, or more accurately the large area NOT covered. After thinking about that for a moment she realized worrying about what her panties did or did not cover would be kind of pointless if she was going to take them off anyway; the thought brought on another shudder and another smile.

Now dressed in only an utterly sheer bra and panty set, Kerry began fiddling with the shoulder straps of her bra, but pulled them back in place, drawing some exaggerated groans from her fans. They perked right back up when they saw her reach around to her back to unhook it. She held the cups on her breasts, using both hands. The crowd began a new chant: "LOSE THE BRA!" repeating it over and over at top volume.

While the crowd chanted and enjoyed being teased by this gorgeous woman, Kerry was actually having a moment of doubt about going any further; taking off her bra the other night had been an impulse and left her exposed for less than a minute. Tonight she'd be topless and maybe even naked for a lot longer in front of a LOT more men; she was wavering when she heard a modified version of the latest chant take hold: "PLEASE LOSE THE BRA!" Together with her determination to send Tony as raunchy a photo as she had received, this small bit of courtesy or at least some weird attempt at humor overcame her doubts. She wanted to give the crowd what it wanted and knew it was what she wanted as well.

Kerry was careful to hold the cups in place as she slid her right arm free of its shoulder strap, then did the same for the left. With one hand on each breast, she scrunched up the flimsy fabric into smaller and smaller bunches until the only bits of the bra not wadded up in her hands were parts of the straps. Keeping her hands in the place where the cups had been just moments ago, she let the bunched up fabric drop to the stage. Not yet letting her breasts free, she played with an ever smaller part of them until finally the only parts of her body still concealed above her hips were her nipples, still hidden by her fingers as she squeezed and pulled on them for a few more seconds.

Though by this point she was almost beyond being aware of anything but her own sensations, the applause and cheering when she finally let go of her nipples and her breasts were fully exposed returned her focus; she made another trip around the stage, leaning out over guys sitting at the rail and shaking her boobs at them. Several of them stood and offered tips, something she hadn't given much thought to before now. She pointed towards the top of her stockings and had collected at least a dozen bills in no time, including some tens and twenties! One particularly bold tipper waved off her direction, pointing instead to her panties. She turned her butt towards him and nodded yes as he stood to reach her; she was surprised but not displeased when instead of folding the bill over her waistband he slid it up under the bottom edge of her panties all the way to the top, running the bill, and his hand, up over her entire right cheek and giving it a mild squeeze as he slowly drew his hand back down and out.

Kerry's tip collection tour used up most of the rest of her second song; she returned to the center of the stage, transferring the bill peeking out of her panties to her stocking. Seeing it clearly for the first time, she was amazed that a stranger had just paid $100 to briefly fondle her ass, more shocked that she'd allowed it and truly amazed that she actually liked it!

As Michael Buble's voice came over the speakers, Kerry ran her fingers around the inside of her last garment's waistband, tugging them down a little at one side, then back up before repeating the tease at the other side. She pulled the back of the waistband all the way down to the very bottom of her ass, spinning slowly around to give the whole room a good look before sliding the panties back up to their original position. She was aware she was now going way, way beyond her strip yesterday; she felt her heart pounding like never before but knew there was no way she would stop now before she was naked!

Kerry pulled the front of the panties out and took a look down at her hairless pussy. She smiled as she let the elastic snap back in place as the crowd moaned. "Time to stop torturing them." she thought.

The crowd actually became quieter as she pulled the panties down over her ass again, this time slowing but not stopping the garment's downward travel there. She slowed as she saw the waistband was about level with her clit, knowing another couple of inches would give dozens of strangers a clear view of a part of her only a handful of men had been lucky enough to see before now.

She closed her eyes as she lowered the panties a few more inches, finally letting them go to join the rest of her outfit scattered about the stage! She opened her eyes again as the crowd cheered lustily, and set out for a lap around the stage. Copying some moves she'd noticed Alison and Debbie use, she turned her back on the crowd and bent over at the waist, giving them a fantastic view of her pussy! She accepted a lot of tips as she went, including one rolled up Fifty she knelt at the edge of the stage and used her boobs to pull from a guy's teeth; when he held the bill a little too tightly at first for her to grab it that way she playfully slapped his face a couple of times by waving her boobs back and forth across his cheeks. He wasn't sure if her nipples sliding across his lips had been an accident; Kerry knew but wasn't about to tell.

As the song ended she gathered up her clothes and some loose tips and headed for the dressing room, pausing to wave goodbye and wiggle her butt for her audience one more time before ducking behind the curtain.

On her way to the dressing room she stopped dead in her tracks as she noticed a naked woman straight ahead, staring at her. She laughed and shuddered at the same time as she realized she was staring at her own reflection. After a few minutes in the dressing room to cool down she put on her lingerie and went out to find Nick, wanting to get her photos done before she did something even crazier, if that was even possible.

Kerry found Nick at the bar and asked him if he was available for a photo session.

"For you? Absolutely, any time. Will you be dressed like you are now or are you going to be nude like you mentioned earlier? Either way is fine with me."

"I'd like to start like this and see how I feel. With this outfit, I'm pretty close to nude already!" she replied.

They got Mike to take a break from the bar, which wasn't a problem since he had two other bartenders working with him that night.

They settled into position close enough to the stage for the setting to be obvious to anyone seeing the photos. It took only a few minutes to duplicate the earlier set of photos, though they did need an extra minute as they were taking the shots with Kerry facing Nick; she smiled and asked Mike to take a few more, "This time with Nick's hands NOT on my ass..."

Still on Nick's lap facing away from him, Kerry said: "That should do for the dressed versions, I think I'm ready to do some without my bra; can you give me a hand?" as she leaned forward to let him release its hooks. Mike snapped away as they repeated all the various poses with Kerry topless.

A few patrons had noticed the photo session starting up and a handful of them gathered to watch when Kerry's bra came off. When she stood up a few minutes later and slid her panties off her audience doubled. She and Nick went through all their usual positions, this time with Kerry wearing only shoes and stockings. The sight of a dozen or so men only a few feet away able to see every part of her and watching her every move gave Kerry an unmistakable feeling she recognized as a sign she was on her way to having an orgasm!

Kerry turned away from Nick for the final pose, facing her admirers with her legs wide open straddling Nick's. She leaned back with her head close to his and told him: "If you don't want me to come right here on your lap tell me now before it's too late, otherwise grab my boobs and don't let go until I'm done!"

Nick said nothing but Kerry got his message when she felt his hands squeezing her breasts; her right hand went straight to her pussy. She ran her thumb all around and over her clit while running a couple of fingers up and down her outer lips and through the soft slickness between them. The combination of her masturbation while making eye contact with a couple of the onlookers and Nick's pulling on her nipples sent her over the edge in barely any time. Her audience looked on in amazement as she tensed up, moaned loudly and went through several waves of shaking.

Sweaty and still breathing hard, Kerry faced Nick and simply said: "Thank you!" as she climbed off his lap. Still a little wobbly, she picked up her lingerie, retrieved her phone from Mike and ran off to the dressing room. Looking through the night's photos before getting dressed, she knew she had what she came for and much more; the last shots were amazing. Mike had apparently kept shooting right to the very end; she loved the way she looked in the final few shots but doubted she'd ever show them to another soul.

Nick was waiting by the door as she left; he told her: "If you ever want to change your line of work there's a job waiting for you here!"

She laughed, saying: "Probably not going to be a career, but I think I may have found a new hobby; see you again sometime!"

The next morning Kerry sent Tony one of the photos of her naked and fully exposed on Nick's lap. As they talked that afternoon he eventually agreed she had a point and understood why she objected to some of his behavior.

He complimented her on coming up with such a creative way to get his attention, telling her: "If I didn't know better I could almost believe it was really you in the picture! I showed it around at lunch today and one of my buddies who works in a photo studio looked at it closely. He told me whoever you got to Photoshop your head onto the stripper's body really knows their stuff."

Kerry smiled to herself and told her husband: "I'm glad you all liked it!" 

