Michelle the Exhibitionist

 My name is Michelle and I enjoy being an exhibitionist. I like to 
tell true stories of exposing myself or being exposed by my 
boyfriend. If I get a good response to this story, I'll write more. 
I think true stories are much more exciting to read than made up 
stories, although true stories tend to be a bit less wild. 

I had an exciting weekend. My boyfriend Jim took me out on the town 
on Saturday, and I wore one of the sexy outfits he'd bought me for 
Valentine's Day. The cut off crop top and hip hugger type, micro 
mini skirt were more appropriate for warmer weather, but I was 
anxious to wear them. It was the first time I'd tried it on, and you 
wouldn't believe how low it dips down in front, almost down to my 
hairline (that is if I wasn't shaved). You could actually see my 
hipbones and lot's of skin lower down when I walked. I felt almost 
naked. The skirt was almost low enough to expose the tattoo right 
above my pussy which says, "Watch out, it's really hot down here" 
with an arrow pointing down. My bikini knickers only just barely 
cover up what it says down there. I was shaved when the artist wrote 
it for me, so if I let the hair grow out, it covers the sentence up. 


Jim took me out to dinner at a very nice place. I had a black blazer 
on over the crop top because Jim had snipped a bit too much off the 
lower portion of the crop top. It was so high, most of my breasts 
were exposed out of the bottom when I'd reach up or arch my back or 
put my hands behind my neck. I'm only 34B, but my breasts are still 
nice and firm for my young 32 years of age. My breasts are topped by 
what Jim describes as prized, very pink nipples. I'm 5'8" tall with 
very long legs. My torso is quite long as well, so when I'm wearing 
a bikini or crop tops with shorts there is a lot of skin showing. 
And if you got to know me personally you'd find out I like showing 
as much skin as possible. 

After dinner Jim took me to a nice, rather dark nightclub that had a 
live band. The club was packed mostly with people in our age group. 
After three drinks I was feeling no pain and mentioned to Jim that I 
was getting very warm. He quickly suggested I take off the blazer. I 
reminded him that I had the short crop top on, that he'd trimmed 
even shorter, and the hip hugger micro mini skirt that was almost 
exposing my pussy. He said, so what, we both know you like showing 
off a bit, and besides I don't see anyone here that we know. Do you 
see any of your friends? I had to say that I didn't see anyone I 
knew. "Well, then" he said, "why not take off the blazer or at least 
open the two buttons and see if you don't feel a lot cooler?" I 
remember saying "oh I suppose." 

At first I felt more comfortable just unbuttoning the two buttons, 
but keeping the blazer close together in the front. While sipping 
still another drink, I felt Jim pulling the blazer all the way open 
for me. Isn't he nice? Although there were other young ladies about 
my age in the place, none of them had crop tops on that were 
shortened anywhere near as much as mine. Feeling the effects of all 
the drinks, I was really enjoying all the guys and even their dates 
or wives seeing so much of my exposed body. At first I was careful 
to lean forward and keep my elbows on the table to keep the cropped 
top down. But it wasn't long before I sat up straight and got a 
little more careless, exposing the lower part of my breasts for 
everyone nearby to see. I get very wet between my legs when I know 
I'm creating a spectacle and I love being noticed. Jim gets quite 
turned on himself whenever I'm showing a lot of my body. He likes to 
reach down and open an extra button or two on my already too short 
skirts. He loves seeing my exposed upper thighs and really gets 
excited displaying me to complete strangers. 

I saw that I had the complete attention of two guys at a nearby 
table and decided to give them a show. I crossed my right leg over 
my left leg to give them a look at a lot of thigh. I soon began 
dangling one of my heels from the end of my toes on my right foot, 
and it wasn't long before I had them both mesmerized. It was 
intoxicating to me to watch them in my peripheral vision. I could 
see their eyes were directed at my legs. Feeling much bolder from 
all the drinks, I slowly moved my right leg further away from my 
left leg, and in so doing I knew that they would be seeing further 
up between my legs. I really wanted to treat them to a view of what 
to most women is their forbidden territory. 

I get very bold once two or three drinks settle in my tummy, and 
tend to do rather whorish things like this. I get excited when I 
know I'm making guys really horny and wanted to give them an 
experience that they'd long remember. I leaned backwards and arched 
my back a little, like I was stretching, to get my short crop top to 
lift. I could tell by the feel of the material on my breasts that my 
pink nipples were exposed to their view. I wasn't looking directly 
at them, but was sure that they were locked on to the view of my 
breasts. They probably thought they were getting lucky at my 
accidental exposure. They had no idea of course of how much this 
sort of display turns me on, and how wet it makes me between my 
legs. Opening my legs even further, I hoped they were getting a view 
of my pussy, even though the lighting wasn't great. 

Jim had noticed that another couple had also been paying attention 
to me. He mentioned to me that they were watching us the entire time 
and he had noticed that the other fellow was fooling around and 
exposing his date just like Jim was with me. In fact I think he was 
following Jim's lead, exposing his girlfriend by opening buttons on 
her skirt and blouse. It was almost a game. He didn't seem to want 
me to outdo or expose more than his girlfriend was doing or 
exposing. Later on the couple surprised us when they came over to 
our table and introduced themselves to us. Their names were Rod and 
Pam. This is how that evening actually went. 

Rod said they couldn't help but notice how much I was exposing 
myself, and that he enjoyed displaying Pam also. Pam was built 
almost identical to me. She had long and lanky legs, and that night 
she had on a pair of black thong knickers (or knickers as she called 
them). As her boyfriend Rod kept opening buttons on her blouse and 
exposing more of her breasts, we noticed that she was braless, like 
I was, and her pink nipples were just like mine. We seemed to be 
very much alike as couples. Rod, like Jim, encouraged Pam to wear 
erotic clothing, and enjoyed showing her off. Both guys found it 
exciting to loosen us up with drinks, than start opening buttons to 
expose us to strangers. 

As we talked with them, Jim whispered into my ear that Rod had 
opened Pam's skirt so much that her thong bikini knickers were 
completely exposed. Jim leaned over to Rod and complimented Pam's 
legs, saying they looked just like mine and asked if he could see 
them better. At this point, we had been talking and drinking 
together for over an hour, when Rod suggested that the gals change 
places so that Jim could talk to Pam a bit while he got to talk to 
me without shouting above the loud music. Pam and I agreed to the 
idea as a good way to get to know each other better. I loved the 
idea, for I knew that if we exchanged places like Jim suggested, I 
could have a little fun showing more of myself to Rod. I hoped that 
Pam would let Jim do a bit of exploring as well. They seemed so much 
like us. I thought it was a good way to find out if they both 
enjoyed that sort of thing as much as we did. 

Before we changed seats, Pam and I went to the ladies room leaving 
Jim and Rod to chat. Jim told me later that he and Rod had discussed 
showing us girls off, and that the idea of changing seats was a good 
opportunity for them to get to know us better. When we returned, I 
sat down next to Rod while Pam sat down next to Jim. We both had 
left our buttons undone as we walked to and from the ladies room, 
and had gotten a lot of attention. Our unbuttoned skirts, which were 
very short to start with, had provided a very sexy leg show to all 
those who noticed. 

While we were in the ladies room Pam had told me that Rod would love 
watching her giving Jim a good show. I told Pam that I knew Jim 
would enjoy it just as much watching me fooling around with Rod. We 
agreed to really make this a fun night for both guys and put on a 
show for the audience at surrounding tables. 

Rod shook my hand as I sat down saying that he was glad to have 
opportunity to get to know me better. He was sure that Jim was also 
enjoying the opportunity of getting to know Pam better as well. Rod 
mentioned how much he appreciated my legs as Pam and I had come back 
from the ladies room and how he had even caught glimpses of my 
knickers as I'd walked. I told Rod that Pam and I had a lot of guys 
watching us, and that I'd even seen one girl giving her boyfriend a 
hard time for staring at us too much. I'm sure some of these guys 
wished their dates would dress like us for them. Who knows we might 
help some of the girls get some sexy new clothes from their 
boyfriends.

As Rod and I talked, I noticed that Jim and Pam seemed to be getting 
pretty cozy. I felt Rod's hand settle onto my leg just above my 
knee. Normally my limit is look but don't touch, but with all the 
drinks in me, I found it really exciting to feel another man's hand 
touching me there and I decided to let him explore. I didn't have to 
wait long to find out that he was just like Jim. Since I hadn't 
objected, his hand moved quickly to the top of my leg. He looked 
down at his hand inside my now very open skirt, telling me how much 
he was enjoying seeing my legs. I told him that Jim enjoys me 
showing my legs, while trying to make those exposures look as 
accidental as possible. 

I noticed that one of Jim's hands had also disappeared under the 
table and was pretty sure it had found its way up Pam's skirt. I 
could see him taking peeks into Pam's blouse, which was unbuttoned 
so low that I could see a lot of her breasts from where I was 
sitting. I knew that Jim probably was seeing her breast in its 
entirety. Excited by the sight and not wanting to be outdone, I 
decided to slide out of my blazer to see what sort of reaction if 
any I'd get from Rod. Well, I guess Rod wasn't brain dead as he was 
already feasting his eyes on my exposed tummy. I still was leaning 
over a bit as we chatted so he wasn't yet treated to the sight of my 
breasts peeking out the bottom.

Rod's hand was way up my thigh under my short skirt. I leaned back 
just for the shock value, to expose the bottom of my breasts and 
asked him if he'd like to open a couple more buttons for me, since I 
was very warm. Rod was only too happy to open some more buttons for 
me, and left me with only two buttons holding my skirt together at 
the top. Looking down I could see my exposed knickers. 

Rod returned to stroking my inner thigh, which felt really good. I 
love being stroked there. I opened my legs further to invite his 
hand to travel all the way up to my crotch. Rod brushed his hand 
across the thin material of my knickers. When I didn't stop him, I 
felt his finger start sliding up and down against my wet pussy. I 
regretted not having removed my knickers in the ladies room so that 
he could massage my bare pussy. I spread my legs more as I felt him 
worm his hand under the edge of my knickers. I'm sure he could see by 
the expression on my face how good it felt to me as he stroked me. I 
really wanted Rod to have better access to my wet pussy, but I 
didn't want to stop long enough to go to the ladies room to remove 
my knickers. 

I told Rod that I wanted to lose the knickers, but didn't want him to 
stop. "Well," he said, "why not do what Pam would do". When I asked, 
Rod told me that she would take them right off there! "I can't do 
that here people will see" I remember saying. Rod dared me to do it 
and that's how he got me. I just cannot refuse a dare; no matter 
what it is; no matter the circumstances. "Oh you," I exclaimed, 
knowing that I was going to give in. Rod then offered to help and 
reached for the top of my knickers. As he tugged on my knickers, I 
lifted myself slightly off the chair and felt them start sliding 
down. With me facing him, he said, "now, raise up a bit more and 
I'll pull them down for you." 

I should have been red faced, but feeling my knickers sliding down 
with all the people around was terribly exciting. I knew other 
people were probably seeing him pulling my knickers down, but I 
didn't care. I must have had way too much to drink to even go along 
with anything like this. I did as he suggested and raised my body up 
a bit and felt the bikini material as it slide all the way past my 
buttocks, then past my thighs, and looking down saw them at my 
knees. Of course everyone around us could see my knickers stretched 
across my knees also, and was just too embarrasing to leave them 
there. Reaching down myself, I slide my knickers the rest of the way 
down, then slipped my feet out of my high heels and pulled my 
knickers off my feet, one foot at a time. I quickly slipped my feet 
back into my heels, and looking down at my legs could see my naked 
pussy staring back up at me. I peeked around quickly and noticed 
that the two fellows at the nearby table were also now seeing my 
bare pussy, which only turned me on all the more. 

Rod told me he loved how I had shaved my pussy and asked me what it 
said down there. I told him, "Well, I guess you'll have to see for 
yourself." I didn't have to ask Rod twice even though he did have to 
lean over a bit to actually read the tattoo. A big smile came across 
his face as he read, "Watch out, it's really hot down there." He 
only said, "Is it really as hot as your tattoo says. "Guess that's 
for me to know and for you to find out", was my reply. "You wanna 
see the rest?" I asked Rod." He said, "Sure, let me see more." I 
leaned back against my chair and arched my back so he could see the 
material raise up uncovering my lower breasts. I even reached up to 
grasp the tiny straps and pulled the material up even higher till 
both of my pink nipples were on display for him. "WOW" is all he 
could say.

With him directly in front of me, I was fairly confident that no one 
else nearby could see what he was seeing, but as he slowly moved 
back on his chair I quickly pulled the material down to cover 
myself...for now anyway. Looking across the table I knew that Pam 
and Jim also had enjoyed my little display as both of them had wide 
smiles on their faces. "Well, what did you think?" I asked Rod. Rod 
said, "You are fucking hot Michelle, do you know that?" "I think 
I've had too much to drink Rod, I've never shown myself this way in 
a club with so many other people around me. Why'd you have to go 
dare me to do that?" "Cause Pam will do anything I ask no matter 
where we are if I dare her" was his response. 

Just about then, all the lights came on real bright and we knew that 
the club was about to close for the night. I reached down and 
quickly buttoned my buttons on my skirt and pulled my blazer around 
myself and buttoned its two buttons. Looking over I noticed that Jim 
was helping Pam get her wrap up her arms as she readied herself to 
go outside into the chilly night evening. We all stood up, and I 
looked over toward them, and noticed that Pam still had not buttoned 
up her short skirt, and even I could see her lovely skin all the way 
up to her knickers. Apparently she wasn't a bit shy about showing 
herself. 

Pam and I picked up our handbags as the guys put their arms through 
between our arms and bodies and we proceeded to inch our way towards 
the exit. Rod made small talk as we slowly made our way towards the 
exit and suggested we go someplace together, just the four of us, 
saying that the evening was young. I told him that I had to get up 
early for church in the morning, and that although I'd love spending 
time with him and his girl friend Pam, that we'd have to make it 
another time. Rod thanked me for my big show, and said that he could 
hardly wait.
