am maddy from andhra p[radesh and studying in college in the second year of commerce. My age is 19 years. I have my parents and a elder brother amit who is just married 3 months ago. My bhabhi`s name is Shruti and she is a dynamit
e. Her age is 32 years. She is bold, sexy with an 24'36'24 figure. The day I saw her I wanted to fuck her as soon as I get a chance.

My bhabhi (Shruti) is very beautiful, cheerful and nice lady, she was very frank with me and use to spend time with me chatting , or watching movies sometimes and all that, it was quite normal .My brother had to go to Saudi Arabia for some business purpose and he was going to return after a week or two. After the departure of my brother for one or two months she spent
time very normally, but after that I noticed that she use to stare at me and started giving me mysterious smiles, I thought it was my doubt,but then one day I noticed that she is taking interest in me in a very special way.

She would very often call me in her bed room and would love to have a talk with me. I started getting aroused by such gestures from her and started looking her in a special way, she was gorgeous with a beautiful 36C size pair of tits, very tight and nice ass and white complexion with long legs and flat tummy. Mostly she used to wear a saree with most of the times a transparent
blouse from which her bra was clearly visible. One day, we were having a chat on a Hindi movie. She had a pen in her hand and she was playing with it. The pen fell down on the carpet and as she bend to pick the pen the dupatta of her saree went off and I could literally see her big boobs inside her bra.

One day my parents went for a relatives marriage and were going to return late at night. Me and my bhabhi (Shruti) were alone at home. I was very hungry and I wanted to have dinner. So I approached my bhabhi`s room. The door of her room was partly open and as I went nearer to the door I could see her changing the clothes. I saw her wearing a black bra and a black
panty. Suddenly she saw and wrapped up the saree in a quick succession. Then she came out of her room and gave me a sudden and a surprising smooch. In return I also gave her a smooch .

Then she held my hand., I was nervous in the start, but then I also got confidence and grabbed her from behind and rubbed my now hard cock on her ass, she was also hot now , and she forced back, to get more contact, I silently kissed her neck from behind and put my hands on her belly , and she turned her face and kissed me on lips , I got out of control and started kissing her neck, face , lips like mad. She started moaning and placed my hands on her rock hard tits , it felt so good that I threw her on the sofa and started moving my hand from her face to her legs and when I tried to touch her inside her thighs. It was the greatest feeling of my life, and I placed my hand under her saree and touched her tits above her bra, I wanted to put off her clothes , Initially she told no but then she agreed .

Then I slowly pulled of her blouse .She was wearing a black bra .Then I pulled of her petticoat .I unhooked her bra and I was shocked to see her big boobs.I felt her nipples getting hard by the touch of my fingers. Then I pulled of her black panty and she was totally naked. I placed my hand on her pussy lips, she opened her legs a bit to give me full access to her pretty pussy, I parted her pussy lips with my fingers and placed a finger inside , she stopped kissing me and started moaning, she closed her
eyes and gave me a huge hug, pressing my chest against her bare tits , I felt her hard nipples against my cheat and then she garbed my hard cock in her hand and asked me to take it out of my shalwar, I did it within no time and she sat down on her knees and started sucking my cock, It was my very first experience and I was on seventh heaven.

I placed my hands on her head and she started giving me a great sucking , then I after some time she asked me to kiss her pussy lips , I had no experience but have seen in movies , so I stared kissing and sucking her down there, she was out of control now , screaming and asked me to lick her pussy and to put my tongue inside , I did the same and she was calling me bastard, and abusing me , I was enjoying her language.

Then I placed my rock hard cock on her pussy lips and rubbed it on them , she asked me to fuck her quickly, and to give all my cock to her, I put it in, with a strong thrust and it was very tight, I had to thrust even harder to enter her pussy, she was screaming loudly, oh, aah, han, meri choot phar do, han, zor say, aur zor say, and I was enjoying all this , then suddenly I felt that I was coming so took my cock out and came all over her tits and belly. She opened her eyes and gave me a big smile and said , bhenchod tumhara Lun to tumhare Bhai say bhe bara hai, mein tum say he choot marwaon ge. Then she went to bath room and I also cleaned up and put on my clothes .

I left the room after giving her a full kiss on her lips and promised her to fuck her again very soon. Then after that we had sex for four times so far and we are enjoying all this.if any woman wants please contact a