I'm a fashion enthusiast who has a special love for legwear including shoes. I fell in love with hosieries and stilettos from the very first time I wore them, and to this day even after wearing them for years, the magic is still there.
The way it feels when the nylon brushes over your legs and the heels cups your nylon clad feet, the way they exhibit your figure ever so seductively from waist down to toes, and most of all, how it draws lustful attention from men, especially older gents as you walk down the streets or walk into a building, it's truly magnificent and orgasmic experience every time! And sometimes, such exhilaration is just what you need to transform those long and boring night shifts into something far more entertaining.
I used to work at this budget hotel in the city for a couple of years while I was looking for a fulltime position after graduating from the university. The hotel was rated only 3 stars so it was nowhere near as fancy as those 5 star luxury hotels up the road but the place still looked professional and had that very pleasant atmosphere. Plus, because it was right next door to the city's business convention center, the hotel was mostly visited by well-mannered business guests who were often men in their 40s and 50s which was quite sexy.
Despite being 3star hotel, its uniform was spectacular! The design was kept simple and made everyone look sharp and attractive. Men wore black suits with black shirts and burgundy tie and matching black shoes. And ladies wore slim fitted 2-piece skirt suits in burgundy color with black shirt and burgundy scarf worn inside the shirt, company provided matte and sheer pantyhose in dark tan, dark navy or black, and a pair of pumps in either black or dark red with non-stiletto heels (yes, one of those ugly thick chunky heels) no taller than 3 inches.
As you probably guessed already, I wasn't impressed with the hotel's choice of work shoes. The pumps just looked ugly, period! There was one more thing I wasn't so happy about which was the pantyhose the hotel provided. Not only did the pantyhose feel dry and rough like a sandpaper but also it looked very cheap and degraded overall presentation, especially when the skirt was up to mid-thigh high so a fair portion of your legs were visible and the display of the cheap quality pantyhose was just no go.
The good thing was, the hotel only provided the first set of pairs, and subsequent pairs were to be arranged by staffs individually at own cost. So I simply discarded the three pairs that I received from the hotel and bought my own pairs which were dark tan in 20 denier and dark navy and black in 40 denier from a quality brand. Needless to say, the result was quite immediate. Not only did the new pairs felt so much more comfortable, but also the presentation was spot on, just the way I wanted it!
The first couple of months went very quickly, learning new things as a trainee concierge at the front desk, taking care of customer service duties, like checking guests in and out, answering calls, and fulfilling other types of requests from the guests.
During the training period, I only received day shifts which were always super busy but I didn't mind it though because it was fun learning new things and got to meet many interesting people from other cities. Plus it made the days go faster. When the training ended, I started to work on night shifts as well, which was noticeably quiet and slow at the front desk, especially closer to midnight which was when the desk service was closed to the public excepts prearranged late arrivals which was very rare. From then on, we switched to other duties throughout the night like, room services, faults inspections and sometimes help out housekeeping or laundry section.
Night shifts were more of a social club than work for everyone because not only the workload reduced by lots but also the location manager who used to drive everyone nuts because of his micromanaging style, was not on site. There were still overnight supervisors but they were cool, very easy going and didn't care unless there was a major stuff up.
My favorite night duty used to be the faults inspection. Most didn't like the job because of the long walk around the hotel, floor to floor over 10 levels, it was just too much effort for them. On the other hand, I loved it. Not only was it a great workout which helped to keep fit, but also the atmosphere gave this soothing feeling as if I was on a vacation and walking up to my hotel room after check-in. Sounds silly doesn't it? The funnier part was, the walks used to also turn me on a lot because I was imagining, as if I was there to meet my secret lover or perhaps as an escort to meet her client. It made me feel so naughty and used to get me so wet between my legs.
With every inspection walk, my naughty curiosity grew more and more mischievous. One night as I walked past the rooms, I fantasized about a naughty room service scenario.
I imagined showing up to a guest's room for a room service with the slutty concierge look, like my skirt pulled all the way up high, just below the butt curve so that it would show off my big butt and the long legs covered in matte and sheer pantyhose, and a pair of tall stiletto pumps instead of the ugly work one, to show off the sexy ankle and toe cleavage.
I imagined, the guest who answers the door would be an older businessman, perhaps in his late 50s with cuddly body and sexy silver hair, greeting me with warm and lovely smile at first, but when he got to see me properly, his demeanor would quickly change to lustful pervert, checking me out from the head to toe with the 'I want to fuck you' eyes and grin.
I imagined, he would then invite me in to take the service trolley inside, and as I walk in, I would shake my butt side to side seductively, and tease him by stopping next to his bed and place the tray on top of his bed as I bend over and expose my pantyhose clad legs and butt in full view.
I imagined, he would watch and enjoy the sensual exhibit as his silver bushed dick would rise longer and harder, pointing directly at my pantyhose clad pussy, and his breathing would become more frequent and deeper with all the excitement building up. And when he would see the wetness around the pantyhose gusset from my wet and wild pussy, he would lose his self control and just jump on me, rip the pantyhose crotch and shove his big and harden old dick through the ripped pantyhose crotch and into my hot and hungry pussy with absolute disregard until he explodes his thick creamy spunk all over my vaginal wall and the cervix!
As you've guessed, yes I was super turned on and wet by this time. I didn't even know how I got to the other side of the floor, but I knew that I couldn't suppress the urge anymore and had to have an orgasm right there and then. But I was still trying to talk myself out of it because I was still at work and I didn't want to repeat what used to happen at Pete's office during my internship (if you guys still remember). For the next couple of minutes was so frustrated but with each step, my already swollen and overly sensitive labia lips were rubbing each other including my clit which weren't helping. My pantyhose crotch was soaking wet and I felt weak in the knees. I couldn't hold anymore and had to do something about it!
With the flood gate of my inner lust opened nice and wide, there was clearly no turning back. Becoming more desperate for an orgasm by the second, I had to find somewhere private for a relief. So I ended up decided to sneak into the storage room on the floor, where they kept housekeeping stuffs like cleaning products, trolleys, new bed sheets, pillows and stuff.
As soon as I entered the storage room, I locked the door behind me and placed the trolleys behind the door just in case someone managed to unlock and opened the door from the floor side. In desperation, I quickly laid down a new bedsheet on the storage room floor and grabbed a pillow and laid down.
I quickly lifted my butt up so I could pull up my skirts, completely expose the waist down covered in matte and sheer pantyhose in dark tan color. As I held my legs up straight in v shape and spread open, I ripped the pantyhose gusset with my fingernails. The sound of the cotton gusset ripping excited me a lot which made me have that feeling, as if I was getting violated by someone.
Once the pantyhose opening was wide enough, I could feel my puffy labia lips squeezed through the pantyhose gap and I could feel her radiating heat and the deep scent from my pussy juice. I was so wet that the pussy juice was already sliding down to my arsehole between butt cheeks. I'm sure you can guess what happened next. Without wasting any more second, I started to rub my pussy lips and the clit in between. The touch of my fingers and the sound of my wet pussy absolutely drove me wild!
I was getting very close within a few seconds. I wanted to scream out my orgasm but I didn't want to get into trouble, so I turned my head into the pillow I was laying on, and finally exploded with super charged orgasm! I screamed and squirted so hard! I could hear all the built up pussy juice from earlier on was splashing all over the equipment and floor in the storage room. Rather than a relief, it was an easy encouragement for another orgasm.
Already feeling like a dirty slut, I wanted a deep penetration but I didn't have my toys with me or could find anything suitable in the storage room. So I decided to use the antenna of the walkie talkie I had to carry with me as I did the inspection walk. Although, the girth of the antenna was very thin, its length was pretty good, at about 8 to 9 inches long. So I slid that antenna inside my pussy with one hand while stimulating my clit with the other hand. Like I said it was thin but was long enough to reach my cervix and hit it every time I thrusted it into me. Also, using the work's walkie talkie somehow felt very kinky which fueled my horny state of mind. Because of its pointy edge, it was becoming bit painful but because I was so turned on, I actually loved the pain.
It didn't last long. A couple of minutes later which felt like forever but yes, just about 2 minutes later, I had my second orgasm there, squirting all over again, even the walkie talkie. My legs and pussy were in massive spasm, I was shaking uncontrollably. It took longer to calm down than building up to the orgasms which was quite funny. Once, I calmed down and the spasm stopped, I was able to get up on my feet and just looked down at all the mess I made like the splashes and the wet bedsheet. I was like 'what the fuck just happened' and couldn't believe how the lust could just takeover you just like that.
I quickly wiped the walkie talkie with the bedsheet and cleaned up the storage room. After that, I pulled my skirt back down and adjusted my uniform. And yes, I left on my ripped pantyhose on, obviously I didn't have a spare with me then so I had no choice but to get back to work with the torn pantyhose under my skirt. In a way, I liked it, it was definitely kinky. But before I got turned on again with another erotic imagination, I quickly placed the wet bedsheet and the pillow in the wash bag and left the storage room and returned to the rest of my night shift. When the shift was finished and as I returned the walkie talkie, it reminded me of the little naughty adventure and it was quite hot thinking that the next person using the walkie talkie had no idea where it had been, and listening and talking to it closely seemed like as if he or she was listening and talking to my pussy up so close and intimately.
Ever since that night, the shifts had never been the same and it was the beginning of another series of sexy, hot and kinky hosiery and stiletto adventures. I had fun on night shifts more frequently and with every shift, it became more daring, so much so that towards the end of the concierge career, I was having kinky fun even during day shifts, especially after discovering that there were other staffs (both men and women) were also up to all sorts of fun things, some of which were much crazier than I even tried. But all those are fun stories are for next time. I will share them with you in due course.
This story isn't as long as the last submission but I hope that it has entertained you and pleased you. It always makes me so happy, not to mention hot and aroused, thinking that the experiences being shared with you takes care of your desires and needs intimately. Though not in person, being able to do that through literature gives the same sensation as if you were really pleasing someone in person. Even as I write this, I could just imagine, after finished reading it, how you would shower me with your hot load of thick creamy spunk all over me from head to toe or even inside me, if that was what you desired. In case you haven't noticed it by now, I love to please others (yes definitely have the submissive side), especially the kinky individuals. The satisfaction I get when I please someone drives me to be better at it. I'm so wet again now as I share this more intimate side with you. Oh my!