Fastening the buttons of his fly as he walks, Billy shoves open the back door of the saloon and ducks inside, shutting the dust and outhouse stink and sweltering afternoon sun back outside where they belong. The doubleshots of whiskey are burning comfortably in his gullet, putting a nice haze between him and the week's worth of sweaty, exhausting labor on that asshole’s ranch. Could’ve won the shit wages he paid us in three hands of cards, Billy thinks as he strides down the musty hallway, with half a grin to acknowledge the aggravation. Hell, it would’ve been less work just to bust open his stupid, stingy little safe and ride off while he was still snoring. At least it’s over, though, and with Lando around, he’s got the option of a couple drinks without having to worry that some shit-for-brains barfly is going to club him upside the head and ride off with his saddlebags. As long as he paces himself and stays sober enough to make it up the stairs under his own power, Billy figures he’s due for a bit of well-earned --

Thunk. “You little shit!”

-- relaxation.

Changing direction mid-stride, Billy flattens himself the wall and listens to the sounds coming from the larger room ahead of him. No reason, really, but this routine caution has more than once kept him free and breathing, and he’s not about to toss a habit that helpful. He hears the scrape of chair legs over the warped floorboards (two sets, maybe) and loud footsteps moving rapidly (not Lando’s, he’s sure of that, but too many patrons to guess who they might belong to) from near the windows to the bar where --

Crack! (fist on flesh)

-- Lando had been.

Shit, he thinks, suddenly much farther from drunk but not as close to sober as he’d like, given the too-familiar grunt and stumbledragfumble of wrestling bodies and fists around cloth, and the way the rest of the patrons have gone quiet to watch the show. “Yes, you go get yourself a sidekick, Boyd,” he mutters, shoving his sleeves up and checking his holsters. “Brilliant idea --”

“You best think twice before you question a stranger’s manhood, boy,” someone growls in a backwater Texas accent. “He may just decide to prove it to you.”

Both guns in place and fully loaded, knife strapped inside his boot, “-- watch your back, no of course he won’t be any trouble --”

“Sod off,” and that’s definitely Lando, accent tinting the defiance and that splat sounds far too much like a mouth full of blood --

Thud. 

“Lando, I swear I’m gonna beat you myself when they’re through with you,” Billy hisses, and then he’s stepping around the corner, bootheels clicking clear and challenging around the corner and one hand just resting against the butt of the right-hand gun. This gets a slow turn from the Texan (though he doesn’t shift his grip on Lando’s collar), some measuring gazes from the peanut gallery, and a glare from Lando, whose lip is bloody and purpling and who looks nothing so much as pissed off.

“Gentlemen,” an insultingly casual drawl, and now most everyone’s looking his way (except the bartender, who’s six feet from Lando and hasn’t so much as glanced up from the glass he’s wiping), “I’m going to have to ask you not to lay hands on my partner.”

Something that wants to be a groan lodges in Lando's chest at Billy's choice of words, even as it warms him through and through.

That's the problem, really. The start of everything.

It's not even that Lando gives a shite what they think of him, per se. But he won't abide them snickering at Billy behind his back, especially not the stupid, sneering Texan. Not when Bills looks (or had looked, anyway, before this) relaxed for the first time in ages. Besides that, something about the bloke just rubs Lando the wrong way. There's something about him, something that seems to practically beg Lando's fist to connect with the Texan's face.

He seriously considers punching the bloke while he's busy looking at Billy, but reconsiders at the look on Billy's face.

Ah, shite, he thinks, and almost sighs. He's for it now, no matter whether they win or lose this fight. He can see it in Billy's eyes, the slow burn of aggravation, though his face shows nothing at all, is almost pleasantly neutral. It occurs to him to wonder if anyone else can see that in Billy's eyes, or if Lando only sees it because of months upon months of Billy looking at him like that. Obviously, he's more familiar with it than most would be.

"This ain't none of your concern, Boyd," the (really appallingly stupid) Texan drawls, and gives Lando a bit of a shake with his shirt still curled in Lando's collar, as though to emphasize that. "Me and him is just gonna talk about his smart mouth, and you'd do as well to stay out of it."

The Texan doesn't look around, but a couple of blokes behind him shift slightly, and Lando guesses there are going to be a few more than three in this fight, if it ever gears up to that. Billy doesn't look, but Lando doesn't doubt that he sees. Billy is awfully good at seeing without looking.

Lando grins with too many teeth, ignoring the sting of the split in his bottom lip, and says, "Personally, I rather think he just likes the bit where he throws me to the ground and straddles me whilst pretending to beat me up."

Billy’s seen his share of bar fights. Made them something of a hobby in his early days, before he’d learned to replace the hot rush of his anger with the cool steel of poker, the milder drug of sex. Now, the bluff and bluster generally doesn’t appeal—too much risk offered by inferior opponents, and there’s really no accomplishment in winning a brawl with a man who can’t even figure out how not to pick one. Lately, all that it usually takes is an unbroken minute of his stone man’s stare, that utter predatory boredom that raises the hackles, sets the ears back flat, and eventually sends the would-be challenger slinking off, limp little tail between his legs, muttering insults but as he’s been telling Lando for months now, no need to give a damn what they’re saying when they’re walking away.

It’s a good policy, a smart and efficient one that’s done just as much for his reputation as actual violence ever did, and it’s … no longer any kind of an option. Later, while pausing between rounds one and two of tanning Lando’s hide, he may deliver a brief lecture on the ways in which it is far superior to Lando’s current tactic, which somewhat resembles stripping naked, painting yourself crimson, and doing a naked war dance in the bull pen. Immediately after branding the bull.

The Texan’s bluntly ugly face goes slack, apparently trying to comprehend the grammar of “whilst,” and Billy doesn’t bother waiting for realization to dawn before he’s striding purposefully, but calmly, towards the bar. As he expected, realization is just slightly faster than he is, and the man turns with a roar and sinks a meaty fist into Lando’s gut, doubling him over before shoving him roughly to the ground. It’s not a bad uppercut, really, and should serve as a decent tip to Lando that taunting the stupid isn’t all that wise either (however accurate the stupid may prove your taunts to be), so Billy’s not too perturbed that he doesn’t reach the bar in time to stop it. However, before the man can start kicking, Billy walks smoothly up behind him and snaps a vicious sucker-punch into the Texan’s right kidney. The Texan reels and grabs at his back with a hoarse high groan, and Billy steps backwards, reaches left-handed for the nearest mug, and brains him with his own beer. (Being an honest man, he must admit that the actual violence never did much harm to his reputation either.) The man sails sideways in a beautiful arc, and as Billy, outwardly unphased, is mentally buffing his nails against his vest, Lando pulls himself painfully to his feet, picks up his own pint, and splashes the contents towards the unconscious Texan.

And all over the table of ranch hands directly behind him.

There’s no sound in the room except for eight chairs scrapping backwards as their dripping occupants rise to their feet. Lando’s eyes go wide, and Billy’s peripheral vision is just good enough for him to interpret the silent movement of Lando’s mouth as a reverent oh bloody fucking hell.

“Nice move, partner,” Billy mutters, eyes locked on the men in front of them. “I hope that means you’re for real play.”

Lando doesn't see how he has much choice in the matter, and he doesn't especially appreciate Billy feeling the need to be an arse about it. He surveys the line of glowering (and dripping) men, and then risks cutting a glance at Billy, who is not glowering at all, who looks smooth and calm and cool. Some evil little slice of Lando's brain urges recklessly, and he opens his mouth and smirks, "You'll find out, I reckon," gratified to hear that he sounds like Billy looks, cool and unworried, ecstatic to see the tic of muscle jumping at the corner of Billy's eye, though it's the only outward sign that he even heard Lando.

It doesn't matter. Lando tilts his head sharply to one side, crack, and then the other, fists his hands in a quick, sharp gesture, cracking all ten of his knuckles. The sound is very loud in the silence.

Lando grins, feeling himself gearing up, pulse going quick and erratic, palms sweaty, breath hissing between his bared teeth, and he's a little dismayed to find himself half-hard in his jeans, dismayed, yeah, but also amused. Why not? It's funny as hell.

"Well, come on then," he growls, and feels more than sees Billy's sudden and pointed attention on him. It makes him grin wider. "Come on, or sit your arses back down!"

Okay, let’s make that three rounds of ass-whipping for the greenhorn. Billy feels the internal pull of facial muscles as his natural reaction to that little invitation (something between moderate surprise and intense exasperation) tries and fails to assert itself past his control. At this point, every man in the bar is on his feet and glowering in their general direction (with the possible exception of the barkeep, who has moved disinterestedly on to the next dusty glass). Out of the corner of his eye, Billy can see Lando grin a little more broadly, his eyebrows twitching upwards in derision, and feels the strong urge to hit the little bastard himself just to take him down a notch. There’s a long pause, as everyone waits for someone to make the opening move. Then: “Aw, shut your cock holster!” and a glass flies across the room and crashes into the bar between them. They both dodge the flying shards (as he moves, Billy just barely spots the kid who threw the glass ducking out of the front door) and the whole room bursts into action.

Directly in front of him, the largest of the dripping ranch hands bellows and flips the table over, knocking it onto three of his companions. Yelling and cursing, they throw themselves out of the way and stumble into the table nearest the front window; punches start flying as the drunken fathead makes single-mindedly toward a temporarily distracted Lando. Nobody’s moved for Billy himself yet (likely due to his earlier performance), so he waits until the man is directly up next to him before punching him rapidly in the left ear. His head snaps around as he spins and falls forward into the bar, slamming his temple on the rough wooden edge before collapsing into a heap on top of the still-unconscious Texan. Eyes wide and gleeful, Lando turns to Billy and starts to mouth something that looks like “Nice!” before someone reaches out from the seething knot of men just behind him, grabs his collar, and pulls Lando into the fray. Billy starts to move after him, but the remaining ranch hands pick that moment to quit gaping and charge.

“You’re on your own, kid,” Billy mutters, hooking a toe under the rung of the nearest stool and kicking it up into one hand. Smoothly, he transfers the momentum into a swift upward arc and slams it into the head of the first ranch hand. As he falls, his friend throws a wild punch towards Billy, who narrowly ducks it. The man’s hand smacks into the bar and he curses; shifting his grip so he’s got both hands fisted around the stool’s legs, Billy shoves the stool sharply upward and into his opponent’s bearded chin. Pivoting to his right, he jabs the stool behind him as the third man swings a powerful round-house. His arm lodges between the legs, and Billy breaks it with a sharp twist before bringing the stool sharply upward so that the seat slams against his forehead, snapping free of the legs entirely. The redhead sinks to the floor with a whimper, bits of wood clattering down around him; Billy flips the remaining wooden leg in one hand, testing its weight, and heads for the rest of the fight.

The biggest half-breed Sioux Lando has ever seen appears abruptly in front of Lando (Just my luck, I bet Bills got a little one, he has time to think), one hand resting on the butt of a big caliber revolver, the other on the haft of a tomahawk hanging from his belt. Lando doesn't wait for the huge son of a bitch to decide to pull one of them; he jabs with his left hand, and the bloke shifts easily in the other direction, which is just what Lando hoped. The half-breed's lips are still curling upward in the beginnings of a smile when Lando's right fist slams into his jaw, a smooth and easy uppercut, and the half-breed staggers back until he catches his ankles on an overturned chair and falls onto a table behind him, which creaks for an instant, and then gives way with a crack that might be loud if it weren't competing with the sounds of the fight going on in the rest of the room. Lando beams, pleased; he's still smiling when something slams into his head just over his left ear and shatters, drenching his left shoulder with the strong smell of spirits.

He goes down, stunned, his head suddenly filled with a high-pitching drone that surely can't be good. He blinks, and for a moment can see nothing at all, just blackness occasionally spangled with bright flares of featureless light. He shoves backward with both heels, thinking to at least get out of the way of whoever just fucking sucker-punched him (with a fucking whiskey bottle, from the smell) until his back slams up against the wall, and his vision finally starts to clear up a little.

The blurry figure in front of Lando turns out to be the Texan, who's got his hands on both hips and is sneering triumphantly down at Lando. "Not so fucking smug now, are you, boy?" he drawls, and one hand drops to the butt of a pistol at his side. From the corner of his eye, Lando sees Billy laying about the place with a chunk of wood, maybe a chair leg or something, and he has time to be a little amazed that Billy's face is much as it ever looks, calm and calculating. It doesn't look like he's even breaking a sweat. Lando grins, and isn't even aware of it until the Texan snarls furiously, "What the hell are you grinning at, boy?"

Lando looks up, grin widening, and quips, "It's just that I've never seen a walking, talking prick before," and in the moment in which the Texan's eyes narrow and his hand flexes on the grip of his pistol, Lando kicks out at the bastard's left knee. He hears the brittle-sharp sound of snapping bone, and then the Texan shrieks and goes down hard, gun forgotten, as his leg bends in a direction it certainly was never meant to bend.

Lando struggles to his feet as several other blokes turn toward the sound of the screams, still feeling a little woozy, but at least upright now.

Billy turns toward him briefly -- probably, Lando thinks, just to make sure it isn't him screaming -- and Lando gives him a little wave.

Ass, Billy thinks, but unfocused as it is, the grin’s contagious, and he permits himself a quirked eyebrow in return. This fight may be of Lando’s making, but he seemed to be holding his own – no panic, no wild and useless swings, and he’s used the pauses after the hits he’s taken (amazingly stupid, letting an opponent gather himself like that, but some men can’t resist a chance to tower over you and gloat) to his advantage. Billy’d experienced a brief moment of – something – when he saw the whiskey bottle shatter against Lando’s head, and it’d taken a bit more willpower than he would’ve liked to wait and see if Lando rolled with it. It’s been years since he’s fought after drinking, and though he’s steady enough right now, he doesn’t like the hot-and-cold of it, the distracting surges of emotion that keep pulling his focus to the part of the room Lando’s in.

Head back where it belongs, Boyd, he thinks to himself, and widens the field of his attention just in time to catch the brush of a boot behind him and duck, swinging his left arm up to block the blow before it comes crashing down on him. The impact (taller, whoever’s behind him, and fucking strong) knocks him off-balance and he stumbles forward, catching himself painfully on a table.

“Knife, Bills!” he hears Lando shout in the background (sounding frantic, which is never good in a brawl, and they’re going to have to work on stress and voice tones sometime later) and he whirls around without looking, right arm leading in a fast arc until the broken table leg connects with the brutal crunch of ribs snapping. The blond man drops to the ground with a strangled howl, but not before Billy catches a glimpse of honed steel falling with a clatter from his hand. He kicks the man viciously in the side, just enough to ensure that he’ll stay down, and shakes his left hand with a wince. He’s jammed the wrist (it’s swelling already, but still usable) and gotten the wind knocked out of him against the table (he’d bet there’ll be a nice dark welt across his ribs tomorrow), but he’s otherwise intact. Catching Lando’s eyes in the crowd (wide and worried, and perhaps a touch unfocused still), Billy throws him a quick nod of thanks and reassurance before ducking toward the back wall to get his bearings and choose the quickest way to finish up this mess.

Lando's attention on Bills costs him; he doesn't doubt for a moment that Bills would say it's no more than he deserves. He jerks back even as he sees the bloke looming up in front of him, which makes it, of course, already too late. Lando doesn't recognize this one as being one of the original half-dozen he'd drenched with beer, but the whole bar is involved in the fight at this point, so that's no surprise. When he closes his big hands on Lando's vest (which seems rather stupid to Lando, as the bloke has several inches reach on him, and could easily hammer Lando into pudding with his meaty fists without Lando ever getting close) and lifts him clean off the ground -- his clear intent to pitch Lando over the bar and into the mirror and rows of bottles there, which will surely do some damage -- it takes Lando a second to realize that both his hands are free. Luckily, the bastard pauses to give Lando a grin, complete with very bad teeth and unjustified self-satisfaction, so Lando grins back and boxes his ears.

He drops Lando to clutch at his head, and Lando shoves his right fist into his vulnerable belly, throwing all his weight behind that shoulder. His opponent wheezes out a gasp and Lando draws back and slams his left fist square into his eye, which puts him down well enough, Lando's pleased to see.

Lando takes a step back -- his eyes automatically searching for Billy in the fray -- and sets himself back against the wall, the bar itself protecting his right side. He finds Billy easily enough, wading undaunted through the shifting press of flailing limbs and wielding a hunk of wood like a scythe, a briskly efficient back and forth motion that sends men to the ground before him.

There's still a faint ringing in Lando's ears, but it's barely audible past the din of the fight -- Lando's first genuine bar fight, and he's fairly pleased with it so far, though he suspects Billy would tell him that was the blow to the head talking -- but the next bloke who stumbles into swinging distance is singing what Lando's pretty sure is an Irish drinking song enthusiastically enough that Lando gets most of one verse loud and clear. He's holding a whiskey bottle, broken off at the neck, in one hand, and he's only as close as he is because a couple of long, tall cowboys are double-teaming him.

"Oi," Lando says, eying the broken bottle warily. "Did you break that on my head?"

"The bloke gives Lando a brief glance, steps quickly to one side and out of reach of a sloppy punch from one of the cowboys, and says, "Nae," the jumps up onto a handy bar stool to avoid a kick from the cowboy's partner. "I broke it over his head," he adds, indicating the taller of the two cowboys, who Lando sees is sporting a bloody ear.

"Oh," Lando says, grinning. "Well that's all right, then."

"Cheers," the bloke agrees, and sits his arse on the bar, kicking the stool he'd been standing on into the legs of one cowboy, who stumbles, wind-milling madly, and then falls, managing to hook his hands into his partners belt and take him with. The bloke on the bar laughs and grabs a shot glass full of whiskey that seems momentarily ownerless, and throws it back, smacking his lips theatrically before slamming the glass back onto the bar, empty.

When the cowboy begins struggling to his feet, Lando gives him a pointed kick in the face to discourage him, and the bloke on the bar breaks into song.

Lando thinks it's likely not normal bar fight behavior, but for a while they jointly defend their little corner of the taproom against all comers, and Lando's convinced this one is all but over, there being more bodies on the floor than still up and swinging at this point.

He is wrong.

It’s hard to be sure, in the midst of what’s still a fairly deafening melee, but the crowd of combatants seems to be thinning, and Billy does his part to help it along. One would think, he reflects as he slams the splintering leg into one man’s head and arcs it back into another’s windpipe, that at the end of the brawl it’d be the best fighters left standing, but he learned years ago that this isn’t generally the case. Typically, it’s the brawny and overzealous fighting it out in twos and threes, while the defter and less stupid either systematically clear their section of the saloon (as Billy is now doing) or wait the storm out in a quiet patch of wall before moving in to finish the last few battered hotheads off. Normally, he prefers the second tactic, but as it was Lando who started this whole mess, most of those left swinging are going to be looking for the two of them anyway, so he might as well try to finish it.

With a good seven feet to either side of him clear of anyone standing, Billy is moving swiftly towards the center of the room when someone grabs the hem of his jeans and he goes down fast and hard, swollen wrist twisted and trapped beneath him. It’s the man whose windpipe he’d nearly crushed; he’s purple and wheezing, but the look in his eyes is murderous as he begins to drag Billy back towards him. When a sharp jerk doesn’t dislodge his grip, Billy rolls onto his side to bend his free leg and slam his boot heel into the bridge of the man’s nose. The man spasms and lets go with a choked-off gurgle, and Billy scoots hurriedly out of range. Breathe through that, fucker, he thinks as he turns to survey the scene, and then someone in front of him staggers and falls and through the sudden gap Billy sees it.

About twenty feet in front of him is a massive half-breed, bloody-headed and swaying on his feet but grinning viciously. In one hand he’s holding a gleaming .45, hammer cocked.

The other hand is fisted in Lando’s hair.

And he may be swaying, but the barrel pressing into Lando’s temple isn’t moving a bit.

Billy’s blood pounds loud in his ears, too loud for him to make out whatever the man is hissing at Lando, but he doesn’t even pause. For the first time in the entire fight, Billy finds himself moving without thought or planning-- feet finding clear ground, injured left hand shoving his weight back and up, right casting the makeshift club aside as it flies toward his gunbelt.

An instant before he pulls the trigger, he hears the stool leg clatter to the ground.

"If you put a man down, you damn well make sure he's staying down."

Lando can nearly hear the low, brusque curl of Billy's voice, can almost smell the campfire -- mostly mesquite, gathered in the west Texas brush, so uncommonly fragrant -- they'd been sitting at when Billy said it.

Bugger, he thinks, but he doesn't move. The singing Irishman is on the floor at Lando's feet, and he has time to think that he hopes he's not dead, but that's all the attention he can spare.

"How does it feel?" the half-breed hisses close to Lando's face, spraying Lando's cheek with spittle that's heavily laced with blood. "How does it feel, pretty boy with the smart Goddamn mouth. How does it feel to know you're going to die because you're too stupid to know when to walk away?"

Lando doesn't answer -- the half-breed clearly doesn't expect it, either, he's already straightening his arm and giving himself a little room, like maybe he doesn't want Lando's brains all over his shirt. Instead, he concentrates on his fingertips, which are barely touching the edge of the bar, struggling to recall exactly what is on the bar top; a bottle, a mug, something he can use... A shot glass. He clearly recalls the Irish bloke slamming it down on the bar after slugging the contents. He shifts as minutely as he can, and he feels his fingertips graze cool glass.

At nearly the same moment, he sees Billy.

He appears abruptly from behind another bloke, his gun already in his hand, and his face is a mask, utterly still.

He doesn't say anything; Lando doesn't think the half-breed is even aware of Billy at all.

The shot is very loud.

Hot liquid spatters Lando's face and he closes one eye reflexively, but only one. He has to be able to see. His hand curls around the shot glass and he jerks deliberately to one side, but he's barely moved when the second shot rings out. Lando jerks, startled, but not because he thinks he might've been hit.

He has time to think it's a little funny that it never even occurred to him that Billy might hit him, but then he sees a bloke behind Bills reach for his belt, and he forgets entirely about it.

"Bill!" he shouts, but he can see that Billy can't turn in time. No, he thinks, but he's already moving.

It's happened every time Billy's ever killed someone, this shift in focus. It's subtle, not enough to actually endanger him, but there's a slight tunnelling of all his senses, a filtering of all information so that some pieces are muffled, dulled, while anything related to the weapons he holds and his intended targets are brought into sharp relief. He can still hear and see what's normally in range, and should something in the periphery become a threat, whatever internal mechanism controls this will immediately shunt that information into the fore, but there's a temporary distance between him and anything not about to die a bloody death at his hand.

Still, it's much stronger this time, the rest of the room muted as by a great noise. Very vaguely, he can see that everyone in his range of vision has frozen at the shots, so likely there's no other sound to be heard at all. But he can't deny that as soon as the second shot is fired (the first nearly severed the half-breed's hand; the second tunnels straight through his head), it's Lando his attention shifts to, and he doesn't even wait to watch the man fall.

So strong, in fact, that when Lando shouts his name and hurls the shot glass, what truly makes Billy turn isn't any sudden sign of a threat behind him (like the hiss of metal on leather, which he'll find etched in his memory of this moment later even though he knows he never heard it at the time) but the simple streak and whisper of the glass itself as it whizzes past him.

Whirling to follow its trajectory, he's just in time to see it slam and shatter against the cowboy's eye socket, dropping him and the pistol he was drawing to the ground.

For a brief second, he just looks blankly at the fallen man, curled and bleeding, and then turns slowly back to Lando. They stare at each other, the rest of the bar still paralyzed by the sudden escalation of violence. Later, he'll find his memory also includes all kinds of mental commentary on this series of actions (like Bulls-eye at twenty paces and Christ, Boyd, where did your head go and You are never, ever drinking in public again), but in the moment he's not aware of thinking anything until he hears himself say, "We really have to get you a gun."

And Lando's grin bursts into being, and Billy can't help but answer it in kind.