Out For a Run
bySecretHowl©

A Short Adventure

My name is Kirsten, and, as I have mentioned before, I like to try to keep in shape by running, kickboxing, and biking. My efforts to tone up and lose some weight have been paying off. I'm down to about 128 to 130 lbs depending on time of day, and I'm feeling pretty good about how I look stark naked in the mirror. 

I realize my last few stories have been fairly long and involved. It's like that at times; however, some of my adventures are pretty straightforward but still pretty exciting. This was one of those times.

I typically run on a greenway close to home. I generally go alone due to scheduling issues, although sometimes I get a friend like Melissa or Kevin to run with me. When I go out alone, I try to run at a reasonable times, not after dark for example, for safety reasons. I also carry my phone, although I don't really like to listen to music when I run. Just as a safety thing. But when I run alone, my mind tends to wander off in a more perverted direction at times.

That was the case on a recent Saturday afternoon a couple weeks ago. It was a beautiful day, not too hot, not too cold, no humidity, big puffy clouds in the sky. Melissa was busy, and Kevin begged off at the last minute. So I was alone, running and thinking about how my friends were missing out on a great day. As I begin to put in some distance, my thoughts drifted to my CarMax experience with Kevin. My daydreaming led to my becoming, well, more than a little aroused. 

"Asshole." I muttered to myself thinking about how Kevin had backed out and how this was the perfect day for a little outdoor fun. 

"I'll show him." I thought as I looked around for a good space to take a selfie.

A small river, more of a big creek in some areas, ran parallel to the paved greenway. I found a grassy spot near the water where a buffer of trees and brush provided some privacy a short distance from the trail. Looking around to make sure I was alone, I pulled my running shirt over my head and dropped it on the ground, leaving me standing in shorts and my sports bra. Being an exhibitionist, my nipples got hard at just the suggestion of being naked outside. I tried to pose in a suggestive way, but honestly, I suck at selfies, and I was struggling to get a good angle.

I was so caught up in trying to get the picture framed that I didn't hear someone walking on the bank around the bend in the river. I almost peed my pants when I heard him clear his throat, and I managed to drop my phone in the grass.

He looked embarrassed when I shot him an annoyed look.

"Hey, sorry about that." He stammered, "I just, well didn't want you to think I was spying on you or something weird." 

I looked from his face to the grass where my phone was hiding momentarily forgetting that he had probably ben watching me strip off my shirt. 

"...You need some help?" He asked carefully.

After the initial shock, I was fine. He was good looking, tall with dark hair, a nice shy smile. Wearing cargo shorts, he was carrying his shirt in his hands, his reasonably toned torso in full view.

Blushing, I managed a laugh, "Sure. It's gotta be right here somewhere."

I bent over and rustled through the grass as he came over to help me look. He glanced over at me sideways, "I'm Ian."

"Nice to meet you Ian, I'm Kirsten. Hey, here it is!" I picked up my phone that was initially hidden from my immediate view by the tall grass.

"Well. Sorry I scared you. It was nice to meet you Kirsten." He held out his hand for me to shake, and, as I held on a little longer than necessary, my perverted mind kicked in.

Letting his hand drop, I offered up a shy smile, "Um, Ian?"

I bit at my lower lip as he waited for me to continue.

"Um...well...I was trying to take a selfie so I could show a friend what he was missing by blowing off our run..." 

Despite some of my wilder adventures, I have to admit that I still get a little embarrassed by the thoughts that run through my mind. I was blushing. This was one of those times.

"I was just trying to get a pic when you startled me. But I suck at taking selfies...do you think...?" I held out my phone toward him and bushed my hair back behind my ear.

Grinning, Ian took my phone. "Sure...boyfriend?"

I shook my head and grinned, "Just a friend."

Moving over next to a tree, I leaned back and stretched my arms over my head as Ian took a picture.

"How's that?" He asked as he handed the phone back to me.

It was a good picture. Sexy. I had to smile. "Good. Thanks. Um..."

"Yeah?"

"Do you think you could maybe, well, take a few more?" I pretended to be shy and hesitant, "I want him to REALLY be sorry he missed the run."

The growing bulge in Ian's shorts confirmed that I was on the right track.

He held out his hand for the phone, "Sure."

I struck a few typical poses as Ian took more pictures. When he looked at screen to inspect the images he had just captured, I reached around and unhooked my bra. He looked up as I let it fall to the ground.

The look on his face was priceless. He whipped his head from side to side to see if anyone else was around before turning back toward me. I crossed my arms seductively over my breasts and just stood there grinning. Without a word he raised the phone and started taking more pictures as dropped my arms exposed my tits.

Neither one of us said a word as I pushed my shorts and panties over my hips and let them fall to my feet. Wearing only my running shoes, I felt incredibly exposed and sexy, naked in the woods with this stranger. I bent over, leaning against a tree, my back arched, my ass sticking out as Ian continuing taking pictures.

Turning around, I sat down in the long grass. I leaned back supporting myself on one arm, and caressed my tits with my free hand. Ian never stopped taking pictures as I ran my hand down my smooth belly to my shaved pussy. I let my head fall back, and I moaned as I began to gently rub my clit. 

The sun streamed through the trees falling in warm patterns on my bare skin, and I could hear voices not far away on the trail. I was so turned on, and so horny that my body was trembling. Ian was just staring at me as I masturbated, and he finally let the hand holding my phone drop down by his side.

He crouched down by my side as the voices got closer. I was pretty well hidden from view, but through the trees we could see several bikers ride by. With Ian watching me, the feelings of being naked in public, and the knowledge that other people were fairly close by, I was right on the verge cumming. I screwed my eyes shut focusing on the waves of pleasures I was creating with my fingers on my clit. I shuddered and moaned as my orgasm rippled through me. Ian was transfixed, his eyes glued to my nude body, his breathing shallow, his right hand rubbing the front of his shorts. 

Blushing, I fingered myself slowly as the orgasm washed through me. Biting my lip again, I turned over onto my hands and knees. The rough grass and raw earth pricked at my bare skin as I glanced back over my shoulder at Ian, grinning shyly as he unzipped his shorts. 

We heard more voices on the trail. A small group of runners passed by as Ian placed the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. 

I sighed loudly as he slid the tip of his cock into my wet hole. Rocking back against him, I groaned as he sunk into me inch by inch. He was soon balls deep, stroking deeply in and out of my pussy in a steady rhythm. His hands rested gently, but firmly, on my hips as he slowly fucked me. The tall grass brushed lightly against my sensitive nipples as I rocked back and forth.

Reaching back between my legs, I caressed his balls causing him to moan. When his breathing became more ragged, I reached forward to rub my clit again. It was still incredibly sensitive, and I didn't have to wait long before another orgasm, more intense than the first, slammed into me. 

"...ahhhh...fuck...god...fuck me Ian...fuck me..." I moaned as I came for the second time.

Spasms wracked my pussy, and that was enough to send Ian over the edge. His cock jerked and started to convulse, and I knew he was getting ready to cum. 

I quickly spun around and engulfed his cock in my mouth just as he shot his load. He groaned loudly as I eagerly sucked him dry. He was still twitching as his cock deflated and slid out of my mouth. Wiping the corner of my mouth, I sat back on the grass and grinned at him.

"Thanks for the favor..." I giggled. "My friend will be mad he missed THIS run!"

Ian fell back on his ass, his cock still dangling out of his shorts, "...damn..."

I reached over for my clothes and pulled on my shorts as Ian tucked himself away.

After hooking my bra and pulling on my shirt, I handed Ian my phone, "...if you want, I could send you s couple pics for your trouble..."

I bit my lip shyly as he blushed and eagerly entered his information in the phone.

