The Dress Shop Incident-Revenge
By Deine Freundin

   After my dear friend had her fun with me in her Dress Shop...I vowed
revenge.  I got my chance some weeks later.  We were at our club, working
out.  After our normal routine of Tennis/Running/Aerobics...we normally
rest up in one of the several Sauna rooms available.  On the outside of the
door, there is a sliding label, which one can allocate as one of the
following....

   1: Women Only-which means exactly that...mainly so we can all sit nude
and let all our pores open up.
2: Men Only-...for what-ever you guys do in there...LOL I know many guys
sit nude in there as well ;-)
3: Co-Ed-This is for both sexes...swimsuits must be worn while in here.

   I set my plan in motion while we were taking our showers.  I knew
Jennifer swung both ways.  I diddled with some of my girlfriends while I
was very young, but never went all the way.  I continued my fascination
with women well into my marriage, but never pursued anything in earnest.  I
did do some fingering, light massage, mild kissing....but that was the
extent of things.

   I knew Jennifer fancied me, so that played in my favor.  While in the
shower, we began washing each other's backs.  That led to some nice,
pleasurable soaping of necks, breasts, navel's, pubic mounds, lower backs,
light fingering of our puckered starfish's, loving caressing of each
other's taints, gentle massaging of inner thigh's, then
finally...ever-so-lightly...the parting of our vaginal openings.  Granted,
all this attention was carrying me over the edge and I wanted it to
continue, but I really wanted to get my revenge.  We were both worked up
into a frenzy in the shower, when we heard a couple of ladies entering the
shower room.  We quickly rinsed off, wrapped a towel around our bodies,
another around our hair, and took a third one to sit on in the sauna.

   We entered one labeled "Ladies Only".  Each of us placed a towel under
our smooth asses.  There were small wooden angled "pillows".  We placed our
extra towels on the hooks near the door.  It was fairly hot in the room
already, but things started to heat up even more.  Jennifer's body was lean
& tone....A real "Hard body".  She never had children, so her breasts were
solid and firm.  Perfect ski-sloped breasts with tips to boot, if you know
what I mean.

   She had taken a position on the top bench, I one below hers.  She put
her right leg up on the top bench, knee bent, her foot inward toward her
buttocks.  Her left leg, she left dangling toward my bench.  I could see
her pussy lips glistening with moisture.  Not sure if it was from our
previous foreplay or the heat in the room.  Either way, it did look very
inviting.  I slowly ran my hand up her left leg till my fingers came in
touch with her exposed labia.  She gasped as I parted her lips.  I pushed
my fingers upward toward her clitoris.  Gently, I used my thumb and
forefinger to retract her hood, revealing her little love button.  I so
wanted to place it into my mouth, kiss it, suck it and flick it with my
tongue, but I figured there would be time for that another day.  I started
to pinch her nub and used my other hand to invade her ever-widening
opening. I began to masturbate her little "penis" and used my left thumb to
massage the ripples of her upper vaginal wall.

   I knew I had struck gold and hit her G-spot as she started to buck up
and down.  She was a squirter!  She began shooting fluids out of her
vagina, down my arms and onto my exposed breasts.  I looked up into her
eyes.  I could see her pleading to have me place my mouth on her womanhood,
but I was enjoying myself enough.  Just as she was on the verge of a
screaming orgasm, I stopped.

   "What the fuck Anna???....Come on!...You can't leave me like this! 
Please, finish me off.  Lick me!  I want to feel your tongue in me!", she
said, while gasping for air.  The heat in the sauna making it almost
unbearable.  I chuckled and started my torment on her spread pussy again.
As before, I stopped just short of letting her part her sea and flood the
sauna.  Again, she begged for me to finish her.

   Instead, I got up and told her, "I'll be right back, I just wanted to
bring my little friend, `The Saint`." Jen knew that I had a dildo in the
shape of a praying Saint in my locker.  I have used it in the past, to
release pent-up sexual frustration.

   She begged for me to return quickly.  She didn't want to "lose the magic
of the moment".

   I left her in the steaming sauna.  I could see she was playing with
herself.  One hand massaging and pinching her breasts.  The other
feverishly diving into her pussy, rubbing her love button with her thumb.
As I walked out, I took our towels.  Leaving only the towel she was sitting
on.  It was no bigger than a hand towel.  After the door closed behind me,
I pushed the label to the sauna to read "Men Only" and proceeded to sit
down on the bench across from the doors.  I was hoping that some guy would
go in there soon, as to catch her in the act of getting herself off.

   Ooooh....this was going to be soooo goood.  I thought.

   I watched as they opened the door and they all froze as they saw
Jennifer fingering herself to an earth-shattering orgasm.  I could hear her
scream with both delight and fear of being caught.  One of the gentlemen
apologized and turned away and left, but his buddies entered.  I feared for
my friends safety, so I proceeded to walk towards the slowly closing door.
I saw the guys drop their towels.  Their muscular asses aimed my way.  I
opened the door further and was greeted with a sight of Jen leaping off the
top bench and grabbing one of the guys ever-hardening cocks.  It was
obscured with a heavy batch of hair, so I was not able to see it's full
size, as my friend was already engulfing it.  One hand around his cock, the
other buried deep inside her.

   The other guy saw me in the doorway.  He too had dropped his towel upon
entering, looked at me, smiled and said "Dear Penthouse", laughing....(It
wasn't until later, that I knew what he was talking about).  I looked down
at his dick which swiftly beginning to reach full mast.  It was almost as
long as my husbands but was much thicker then his.  I had never cheated on
my husband with another man and was not about to start.  But the temptation
was there.

   Jennifer exclaimed, "Anna!  Wow!  Thank you!  This is way better than
your little 'Saint'.  But it's not my birthday", she laughed.  She reached
out and grabbed the other guys erect dick and started to jack him off while
returning her mouth's attention to the first guy's hard on.

   The second guy asked me if I, "Was going to be joining them?"

   I turned around, closed the door and returned to the showers. 
Dejected.....for I wanted Jennifer to be as embarrassed as I was in her
dress shop...and here she was getting herself and two total strangers off
in a public sauna.

   I showered, dressed and went home.  Later that afternoon Jennifer called
me.  Thanking me for inviting the guys to our party, but wanted to know why
I didn't stay and join in on the fun?

   I told her what my intentions were supposed to be...and I guess it
back-fired on me.  She told me to let her know the next time I ever wanted
to plan a "Sweet revenge" or payback, because she could definitely use that
kind of revenge from time to time.

   Her laughter echoed in my ears.  I figured I better think of a better
plan.  But revenge is not in my persona.  Seems I am usually the butt of my
friends jokes.....I'll have to tell you about some of them later.
