It Had To Be Magic
by stewartlinda

A magician brother finds out how kinky his sister is.

Part 2 – The Knowledge

I sat in my chair, trying to make it all clear in my mind. I had the knowledge of every secret and desire of my sister. This was unreal, but it was also power. But dare I use this knowledge to my advantage? Again the guilt began to come back. I truly love my sister. I don't want to hurt her. How will this affect our relationship? I had to ponder these questions before I could go any further. Several times I started to delete the private folder I had stolen from my sister. But each time I would see her in my mind's eye being tied up and hanging upside down. I couldn't do it. I had to know more. I knew now that no matter where this path would lead I had to go down it.

Looking at the clock, I realized my sister would be calling soon to see when I was coming over again today. I wanted to make some changes to my escape trick, but at the same time I wanted to see how far I could push my sister as well. My cock started getting hard just thinking of seeing my sister orgasm again. As long as she thinks everything I do is part of the magic trick then she would probably go along with it. What really gets her hot? Well, time for a little research. I turned on my computer, opened my sister's private folder, and started viewing her photos. I had better stay away from the videos for a while. Last time I watched one of those, I ended up unable to contain myself. This was going to require that I not lose control.

I opened several pictures where she appeared to be in the throes of orgasm. One thing they all had in common was she was tied up and blindfolded. I wrote down both items for consideration. I really started looking closely at the pictures. The knots that were used were not just functional, but very attractive. The guy who tied her up was really masterful in his presentation of the knots he used. I realized how drab and dull my own knots looked compared to the ones in the pictures. Presentation was very important, so I need to step up my game when it comes to my rope work. Since the day I first decided to be an escape artist, learning about knots and locks was a necessity. I reached up on my shelf and took down one of my references on knots.

Getting out a piece of paper, I drew out a very simple sketch of a woman's body. I started with laying out the ropes so they didn't just wrap the body, but opened and closed to conform to the body. After several rough attempts, I finally had a really hot looking design. The only thing I would have to add, besides more ropes, was a leather collar with a ring. As soon as I wrote the words down on the paper, my cock sprung to life.

"What am I thinking?" I said out loud.

I can't put a leather collar on my sister. This would not look like a trick; it would look almost pornographic. I had drawn the collar in without even realizing what it looked like. It was not my mind that was doing the thinking. I looked over the sketch several times. Damn it looked really great. I had to find a way to change the rope work so as not to use the leather collar around her neck. But try as I may, I just could not change it. It was perfect. The layout and the contour around the body would look so good. I could not even bring myself to erasing one line on the sketch.

"What am I going to do now?" I almost screamed.

I realized that maybe I didn't need to do away with it. All I need to do was make it not look like something from a BDSM scene. I took another piece of paper and started sketching out just the collar by itself. I had to have two rings to start the ropes. I then drew the leather belt that went around the waist. If I could connect them, it should look more like a commercial restraint. I sketched in four leather straps that went from the leather collar to the belt. Two went behind the back while the other two were in the front. I had to spread them out enough so that if my sister wore this it would go beside her tits and not mash them. I allowed more space and added all the buckles.

"This will work," I said joyfully.

I realized I just had enough time to drive to Lenny's and see if he could make it for me. I grabbed both sketches and my car keys and took off.

I drove up to his business and saw him in the back, repairing some leather furniture.

"Lenny, I need a really big favor. I am working on a new escape trick and I need some new gear." I tried to look hopeful.

I handed him the drawing of the harness and gave him time to study it.

"Well, it's not that hard to make. I can have it to you in a few days, if that's ok," Lenny said.

"Well, to be honest, I was hoping to try it out tonight. I finally have a show booked, and I need all the time I can to practice." I almost begged him.

Lenny held up his hand and chuckled. "I thought you would say something like that! Man, you are always in a hurry. Come on. I can make it in about an hour if you help."

True to his word, in just over an hour, it was done. It looked really wicked. It looked like something you would restrain a criminal or a lunatic. Just the look I wanted.

I paid him, grabbed my sketches and leatherwork, and headed back to the car. I had just about enough time to get to my sister's. My timing could not have been better. I drove in her driveway just as she pulled in behind me.

"Hey sis, you ready to get back to work?" I said as I gave her a hug.

It just blows me away how classy my sister looks when she is wearing her business casual clothing. Her hair was up, and her makeup was very simple but elegant. No one would ever believe the animal that lies beneath those clothes.

"Sure, Teddy. Just let me change and get a glass of wine. It's been a really long day." Her shoulders dropped and her eyes looked tired.

As I sat down with her, we both enjoyed the wine when she asked me about what I was going to do tonight. I told her how I had made several changes to the illusion. I explained how the rope work looked very unprofessional and it looked too easy to escape. I had redesigned the straps and the rope work to look better. I reached in my backpack and handed her the sketch I had made of the harness. I could see she seemed to perk up considerably. I then showed her sketch of the new rope work and pulled out the new leather harness to show her how it really looked.

At once I saw it. That look in her eyes. That distant stare without even a blink. It only lasted a few seconds, but I saw it. She kept sipping on her wine and in a casual tone asked, "You need my help tonight with it?"

Even as the words left her mouth, I could see she wanted to so bad she could not stand it. There was even a slight squirm in her chair as she acted like she didn't have a care in the world. That look and the squirm was all I need to start getting hard. It was all I could do to tell her that I didn't need her help. Just to see the panic look in her eyes would have been exciting. But a part of me worried she may just say ok.

"Sure, sis. Give me 10 minutes or so to set everything up," I agreed.

I ran to the basement as quick as I could. I was prepared today. I brought my video camera with me and found a good pace to record without being too obvious. Then I got all the stage lights out and set up so the stage was really brightly lit up. It did kind of look like a poor-man's stage. I turned on the camera just as I heard the door open and saw my sister come down the stairs. I was almost worried she would change into something other than that skin-tight leotard, but one quick glance showed me I had nothing to worry about.

"Teddy, is it bright enough for you? Those lights are really bright," she said as she walked toward me.

"You have to get use to them. A real stage is every bit this bright," I told her.

I had her stand in front of the box as before. I had to stare just for a second, looking at her beauty. I doubt she realize just how transparent her leotard was under the bring lights. I reached down and grabbed my new leather harness. I placed it around her waist as before, pulling it tight. Again her lips let out a slight gasp. Knowing it was not pain, I didn't comment and continued.

"Lift your neck up," I instructed her as I placed the leather collar around her neck.

I could feel her breath on my hand as I hooked the latch on the leather collar, and it caused my cock to stir. I took my time latching the collar, even wrapping my hand around her throat. I did this very slowly, pretending to adjust the collar. With my hand around her throat, I could feel her pulse racing. I could actually see her nipples were getting harder and stuck out more against the thin fabric. I could see that distant stare start, but I wanted to make her wait. Part of the fun was trying to make it last as long as possible.

"I have decided to make this trick little bit harder. I am going to be blindfolded. But if you don't want me to blindfold you, I can still get the idea," I mentioned casually.

"No! You have to blindfold me," She said in almost a panic. Her excitement was so apparent.

"You can't really see how it will look. So you have to," she continued.

It was pretty lame excuse, but I acted like it was good idea. As I placed the blindfold over her eyes, I looked into her eyes as the blindfold dropped over them and could see that distant glazed stare return. Now that she could not see me really checking her out, I stepped back to look at how hot she was looking. I noticed the elastic in her leotard top had stretched a lot from our last use. There was a lot more cleavage on display than there was before. I was going to take my time. I slowly took her left hand and placed the strap on it, locking it to the belt. I adjusted the belt as I locked her wrists. As I had hoped, it pulled the fabric down, exposing more of her tits. I did the same with the right, making sure to pull down on the belt again. After the second pull, I could see areola start to emerge from her top.

Her tits were coming out a lot easier than the first time. I must have really stretched her top last time. My cock was hard, and I was so excited at seeing her like this, I was having trouble thinking. I spread her legs, attached the ankle straps and locked her legs to the board that kept them spread. I could see a stain at her crotch. I was unsure if it was from her wetness, or the deposit I had left there the night before.

"This going to take some time. I have never had to tie so many complex knots at one time," I told her as I got the rope out. "If you want to sit down for a few minutes before I get started, that will be fine. Once I start, you will have to stand until I am finished."

She didn't answer me, just shook her head no and I started. I placed a short rope around the back of her neck so both ends draped in front of her resting on her breasts. I measured down to top of her breasts and tied a knot. Then I tied another knot just below her breasts. As I pulled and manipulated the ropes, I tugged on the leotard, letting more and more of her breasts escape. I was so close to having both her tits totally out of that leotard. It would not take too much more. I began the slow and complex pattern of crisscrossing the ropes around her sides, under her breasts and above them. I pulled the ropes, going under her breasts. With one last tug, both breasts came completely free. I let out a small gasp of my own as I viewed their beauty. Her breasts were squeezed between the ropes, making them stand out even more.

I kept adjusting the ropes so that the ropes wrapping around her body were squeezing all sides of her breasts. Her breasts were a beautiful red from the contracting of the ropes, and her nipples looked to have swelled a half an inch. Her breathing was very quick, and her body shuddered each time I pulled any of the ropes tight. I had avoided her clit and pussy. I didn't want her to orgasm yet. I wanted to make this moment to last as long as possible.

Now was the tricky part. At this point she was so gone, I could have probably just pulled her leotard bottoms to the side and expose her whole pussy. But it could also break the moment and that would end it all. I had to manipulate her leotard bottom to the side without it feeling like I was moving it. Last time, I just pulled the fabric in her pussy by pulling a rope between her ass cheeks. I wanted more this time. I wanted to see everything. I slipped the rope between her legs and let it rest next to the side of her leotard bottoms. I pretended to be adjusting the rope, but I was actually pulling the rope to the side, allowing it to pull the leotard. I could see the fabric start to bunch up and across her wet dripping pussy lips. The rope rubbed her labia rings as it pulled across, and she let out a loud moan.

Her body was starting to shake in small tremors. I stopped moving the rope at once. If she started her orgasm now, it would all be over. I gave her a chance to let the tremor stop then went back to pulling the rope. With the smallest of tugs, her wet pussy was being exposed. It was so beautiful; the way the golden rings pulled her lips apart. Her wetness was so evident that it shined in the bright light. With only a few more pulls, I had it all the way to the side, and her pussy was completely exposed. My face was only inches from her dripping snatch; the smell was intoxicating. I could never in my life remember being this turned on.

I wanted to jerk off so bad. I felt like I was about to cum in my pants when suddenly it struck me; she was blindfolded. She has no idea what I was doing. I unzipped my pants and let my cock free. It felt so good to let it escape its confine. I felt so bad for looking at my naked sister. I continued to tie the ropes around her with my cock just inches from her. I allowed my fingers to tug her nipple rings as the ropes came close. Each time I pulled a ring, her body would shake, her mouth would open and a deep-throated gasp escaped. Her tits rose and fell with each rapid breath, making her nipple rings seem to jingle. She had her mouth open in an "O" shape, and I could see her tongue start to slip out just a little. My cock throbbed and jerked. She was asking for something to be put in her mouth, and my cock knew it. I could not help myself; I started pulling harder on her nipple rings with each pass. I could hear her gasp with each hard tug, and her tongue extended out even more. I glanced at her beautiful wet pussy, to find her excitement was dripping down her leg and onto the floor.

I have never seen a woman so turned on. I understood how she felt. I could feel the pre-cum forming on the head of my cock, and I had not touched it once. How was it possible for a mouth to look so inviting, so sexual and desirable? I wouldn't have though it was possible, but I wanted her mouth even more than I wanted her pussy.

"I have finished with the rope," I told her with a quiver in my own voice from the excitement. "I am going to help you to lie on the floor, so I can hook up the winch to the board."

She was so lost she just nodded. I helped her to squat down and was rewarded by seeing her pussy lips gap open wide. Her smell was so incredible and seemed to fill up the whole room. The ropes, belts and lights had her whole body sweating that it only added to her sexual aura.

So very softly, I let the tip of my finger stroke across her clit. Once again, she let out that deep gasp and opened her mouth again in that perfect "O". I removed my finger quickly before she could be sure it was a touch and placed it in my mouth. It tasted better than honey. The throbbing in my cock was becoming almost painful as it bobbed up and down. I managed to hook up the winch and lifted her up slowly. I didn't want her to orgasm yet. As soon as her head cleared the floor, I started lifting faster. I wanted to smell that wet pussy again and see if I could taste more of her. I stopped with her pussy even with my head. Her whole cunt was so red as if it were engorged with blood. I very gently again allowed a single finger to just brush across her clit. It was so enlarged it was completely out of the hood that hid it. This time a louder moan came from her mouth, and her tongue extended out. I noticed that I had lifted her so that her mouth was only inches from my cock. I don't remember willingly placing her mouth the exact height of my cock, but there it was. Her mouth was still open, and she had extended her tongue even more.

I stared at that open, waiting mouth and my cock started bobbing up and down like a racehorse eager to go. Almost in a dream, I felt my cock move closer and closer to her open mouth. I had no will power left at all. I could not stop; my body had a mind of its own. My hips moved until the tip of my cock brushed her extended tongue. As soon as her tongue came in contact with my dick, she began to strain her head to get more. Her tongue darted around the tip of my cock, licking up all the pre-cum that had leaked out. I remembered the video and willed myself to just let her reach the head of my cock. She was thrashing and groaning upside down, trying to get more of my cock in her mouth. I started pulling on her labia rings hard, placing them between my fingers and pulling all four up and apart at the same time. This caused her thrashing to become more erratic, causing her head to swing closer till she was able to get the head of my cock in her mouth. She clamped her mouth around the head of my cock, and the vacuum she created with her suction was incredible. She was actually pulling me in closer with her mouth.

She was struggling so hard I could hear the straps creak as she strained against her bonds. I was becoming as lost as her. My carefully laid plans went completely out of my mind. There was no more teasing. I pushed my cock in her mouth and watched her devour it with a gulp. I started fucking her mouth. She took it with passion and obsession. I saw her tongue extend all the way out and had to see if I could force my cock all the way down her throat. I grabbed the collar around her neck and pushed the entire length of my cock down her throat. The sensation was unbelievable. I felt the head of my cock slip down her throat and tightness engulf the head as her throat squeezed. Her tongue was licking the top of my cock. I knew she could not breathe with my cock all the way down, but I held her there for a while, basking in the unknown pleasure. I let loose of the leather collar, and she pulled off just enough to gasp for breath. I started face-fucking her again with strong steady strokes, trying to make each stroke go all the way down. Once again, I reached down to the collar and pushed my cock all the way down her throat and held her. At the same time, I lowered my head and had my first full taste of her dripping wet pussy. I sucked and played with her clit as my fingers pulled on her rings. As I sucked her clit, I felt her body jerk and thrash in orgasm. The muscles in her throat clamped down even harder, but I would not let her off my cock. I held here there, unable to breathe but thrashing in orgasmic bliss. Just as her orgasm was slowing down, I let her off my cock to catch her breath and inserted 3 fingers in her pussy. My fingers slipped into her sloppy, wet pussy with ease, and I started quickly fucking her with them. She started bucking even as she was gasping for air. Not once did she let my cock slip from her mouth. I started rubbing my thumb over her clit as I fucked her pussy faster. I could tell she was close to another orgasm. This one seemed to be building up even faster than the first. I waited for her body to spasm then once again stuffed my cock down her throat. Her orgasm was even stronger than the first time. I could feel her throat squeeze my cock as her orgasms rocked over her body. As her orgasmic shakes slowed, I once again eased my cock back enough for her to breathe. She was like a wild animal with her shaking and thrashing around. I knew I could not last much longer and wanted to give an orgasm like I knew she could have. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and begin rubbing a finger around her ass. I made little circle motions with my finger around her ass bud. Then I let the tip of my finger slip in her ass just a little and pulled it out. Back and forth I set the pace, letting just a little more of my finger slip in with each stroke. She was moaning and bucking. Her mouth was all over my cock like an animal gone mad. I was fucking her ass with my finger in slow strokes then added another finger. She was squeezing her ass around my fingers as I fucked her. I could feel the build-up of cum deep inside me. My body stiffened as it prepared to release. I bucked my hips as hard as I could and felt my cock slip down her throat as I exploded. Pulse after pulse of cum shot out of my cock. My legs started feeling weak as I saw her shudder into an orgasm that seemed to make the whole room shake. I left my fingers in her ass, letting her enjoy the orgasm she deserved.

Once I could see she was coming down from her orgasmic high, I removed my fingers slowly from her ass and put my cock back in my pants. I stepped back ready to help her back down when I realized what a sight she was. Her mouth was open, and there was cum bubbling out of her nose and from the sides of her mouth. Sweat covered almost all her body from the exertion. Her nipples were erect and red and her pussy was dripping all down her body as well. Her mouth closed, and she swallowed some of my cum that was left in her mouth. I heard a slight sigh escape her lips. She looked in every way a woman that was exhausted, but content. I let her down with the winch slowly getting her back on the ground. As I untied her, I was able to pull her leotard back over her breasts. She did not resist. After a few minutes, I had all the rope off and her leotard somewhat back in place. Lastly, I removed the locks on her wrists and ankles. Then I removed her blindfold and helped her up.

"I am really tired, Teddy," she whispered. Her voice hinted at her total exhaustion. "I think I will go take a nap and rest."

I watched as she climbed the stairs and wondered how this was going to change things. I put everything back up and picked up the camera, placing it in my bag. I went upstairs to wait for the fireworks or a long discussion that I was sure to follow. I went to the fridge and got a beer, sitting on the couch. I was scared. Would she blame me for everything that happened? I knew she enjoyed it, but would that matter? I am sure she will believe I took advantage of her. The more I thought about it, the more I was sure I would lose my sister forever. I am not sure how long I waited, but I drank enough courage that I was pretty buzzed when I head Barb's bedroom door open. There was no way to gloss over what I had done. I had face-fucked my sister. I had no way to deny it.

As I saw her come down from her bedroom, she had changed into her jeans and T-shirt and seemed to be the same as always. Her hair was a mess, but she seemed her old self.

"I hope you saved me a few?" she asked in a perky tone.

"Yeah, should be several left," I answered, a little confused.

I had prepared myself for a long talk about what we done was wrong. How this was my fault and she never wanted to see me again. I went over lots of different things in my head, but this wasn't one of them. She sat down beside me and looked over with just a little interest.

"Well, are you happy with the changes in your escape?" she asked.

"Yeah. I don't think I will change that escape anymore," I responded.

"I am so thirsty. Those lights really make you thirsty, don't they?" she commented just as she guzzled the beer down.

For the next hour we talked about work, movies, friends and books. Not one time did either of us mention a word of the incredible sex we had just had. I left after we ate and headed home, exhausted. I was physically and mentally exhausted.

"You have just had sex with your sister, you sicko," I said to myself on the way home.

"Oral sex is not the same as sex. That's what Bill Clinton claims, and if it's good enough for the President then it's good enough for me." It was a dumb argument I was having with myself. But I really didn't need that much convincing. I was content to know that we had not had sex, just oral sex. Which is not sex.

I got home and fell in the bed, not even bothering to remove my clothes. In a very short time, I drifted off into a very deep sleep. I woke the next morning feeling refreshed. I cleared my head and started thinking about all the things that had happened the night before. Sooner or later we were going to have to talk about this. But there was no way I was going to bring it up first. I had the best sex of life, and it was with my sister. The really wild part was we didn't really have sex. This was messed up. I had to find another way to explain it. I dressed and went to work.

After a typical 6-hour day of fixing people's fuck-ups, I was back home. As soon as I got home, I turned on my computer and opened up the secret folder I stole from my sister. I wanted to understand more. How long has she been like this? How far could this go? The answers were here. I was sure of that. I just had to be willing to dig hard enough and long enough to find them.

