Keiko

My Very First Adventure

Hello, my name is Keiko, I am from Tokyo and have only been in the USA since last August. I will soon be 19 years of age, I have long black hair and am approximately 5 feet tall. I am enjoying living in Honolulu very much. I have found American men to be very nice and polite .... unlike Japanese men in Japan who are very rude.

Yes, I enjoy to have American men to look at me. I have discovered it to be much excitement for me. When I first arrived in Hawaii I live in an apartment in Waikiki across from the beach. I see many other Japanese girls in daring bikinis and revealing clothing. I became very jealous of this. 

I had wanted to wear similar bikini and to have men to look at me also. But, I had never worn anything as daring before in Hawaii or Japan. 

I soon found my present apartment and planned to move in. During my last week in Waikiki I decide to look for a sexy bikini to wear on the beach. I visit many bikini shops in Waikiki and I wanted a very daring style that would cause many men to look at me and make me feel sexy. I was not able to find to my taste. Then one day I was in the negligee department of a boutique and saw a beautiful white lace bra and knickers set. It was very sexy and very much resembled a bikini with ties on both sides. It was very sheer negligee type and meant to be worn under clothing. I wonder if I would be brave enough to wear such a clothing in public and in the daytime.

It was a beautiful bra and bikini knickers set designed in France. It was white with lace design and very sheer and if you only looked at it quickly resembles a beach bikini only very transparent, I later learned the bottom is called a "g-string". It was very beautiful and expensive $125. I was unsure if I was brave enough to wear such clothing in public. Although thinking of myself wearing it and to have men to look at me would make me excited. Without trying it on, I purchased it and went back to my hotel.

I waited until Saturday, my last day in Waikiki, I was very excited and my body feels a nice sensation when I think of my daring action I am about to do. I put on an old tank top t-shirt with no bra and old running shorts with sandals. I put my new knickers and bra into my shorts pocket. I wore a chain around my neck to hold my apartment key and got into the elevator to the ground floor. It is the first time in Hawaii that I am in public without a bra and wearing only t-shirt my breasts bounced from side to side. My nipples were rubbing the shirt material and exciting me. The rubbing caused my nipples to stand out almost embarrasingly. Many hotel workers smiled to me and said hello. They have never done this before. I enjoy this also.

I walked across the street to the beach, many men turned to watch me as I walk on the beach. My breasts bounce very much without a bra and American men seem to be surprised when they see a Japanese girl with large breasts. This makes me very proud and I purposely make my breasts move from side to side as I walk. I walked 4 blocks to reach the shower and changing room. I smile to several men as I enter a changing room. I can hear them talking very closely outside of the changing room. I hold my breath and remove my t-shirt and shorts. I was now standing only a few feet from men and I was completely naked. It was so exciting for me.

I was afraid I would become a coward and not do my plan, so I quickly grabbed my t-shirt and tore it into pieces. I also tear my shorts to pieces. I am now completely naked and 4 blocks from my hotel. The only clothing I had was the bra and knickers I had purchased. I was now a little nervous as I pulled out my new bra and bikini knickers. It now seemed so small, only a very little ball of fabric and string. The knickers tied at both sides very much like a bikini. As I tied them on I realized that my pussy had become very moist. As soon as my knickers were on they became wet and almost transparent. I have almost no pubic hair and the lips of my pussy may be seen very clearly. I tried my new bra on and then realized that it was much too small for me. For a Japanese girl I have rather large breasts and the bra barely covered the lower portion of my breasts. The upper half of my nipples were revealed and only the lace design prevented me from looking naked. I had no choice, I was wearing the only clothing I had and 4 blocks from my hotel. 

My heart was beating very fast and pounding hard. I felt naked even with the bra and knickers on and I was about to step outdoors wearing only this. There was an exciting, tingling feeling in my body. I took a deep breath and I opened the door to the changing room.

As I stepped out of the changing room many men turned to look at me. Some men whistled and others yelled and said I looked good. I very much enjoyed this. I now slowly walked towards my hotel in the hot sand and enjoyed men making comments and whistling. It was fantastic. My breasts bounced from side to side and many times almost fall out of my bra, I did not try to prevent this. Much of my nipples were now visible to everyone watching me, I became very hot. My pussy had become very moist with every step I took and I could feel my knickers being pinched between my wet pussy lips. I was afraid I may want to touch myself. 

Across the street from my hotel there is an open shower on the beach. I decide to shower before crossing the street to my hotel. I step under the shower and many men were watching me, several men whistled and cheered as I turned the shower on. I wet my hair and started to rub my body with the warm water. As I looked down I was delighted to see that my bra and knickers had become almost see-thru and I looked completely naked.

In a few minutes many other men stopped to watch. It made me so excited. My breasts and hairless pussy was almost completely visible to everyone watching. I stretched my arms above my head and ran my fingers through my hair giving everyone a wonderful view of myself. Suddenly I felt the spray of water starting to force my bra down. I could feel the men watching as this happened. Finally the spray of water from the shower caused my bra to completely slip down and expose all of my breasts and nipples to the men watching me. I then turned off the shower, I undid my bra and again stretched my arms over my head as I slowly turned around allowing everyone to have a very good look at my body. I then put my bra back on as the men watched. The men applauded as I finished my shower. This made me to be very excited.

I then walked across to my hotel and again the hotel workers gave me much attention. One hotel worker offered me a towel, seeing that I was still very wet from the shower. That was nice. 

In the elevator alone I had to stick my hand in my knickers and play with my pussy. This was the first time for me to do this outside of my bedroom. It was very good feeling, unlike anything else I had felt before. The elevator opened and I went to my room.

It was very exciting experience for me. I now wish I had done it sooner. I quickly took a shower to cool myself after my very first adventure. 


My Towel Adventure

This is one of my favorite adventures to perform all year round in Hawaii:

I have now lived in Honolulu for one year. It has become a very exciting time for me. I enjoy to have American men to look at me and I have many opportunity for this in Hawaii. School has now resumed for me and I am not able to spend as much time at the beach as I enjoy. I am still able to go on Tuesdays and Thursday mornings and it is very nice being not as crowded as vacation time. 

Today was nice time for me, I perform my towel show at the beach again. After my swim, I go to the showers to change. As I remove my bikini and start to shower I start to feel my sexy urges coming to be. I finish my shower and rinse my hair. I start to feel very a tingling sensation running through my body. So, I quickly wipe myself dry and only wrap my naked body with a towel. I put my bikini in my little bag and walk out of showers only wearing a towel. This makes me feel very excited, walking outside only wearing a short towel around myself. I walk past many men and I enjoy this. 

I stand in line at the snack bar to purchase a cold drink. It excites me to know I am standing so close to many men and I am completely naked under my towel. The wind sometimes lifts the corner of my towel causing a nice cooling feeling between my legs. I sometimes need to hold my towel down as not to reveal too much there. I purchase my drink and start to walk to my car. But now I have a problem, I have my little bag in one hand and my cold drink in the other. As the wind lifts my towel, I am not able to prevent this. I walk past a few men and my hairless pussy is clearly seen as the wind lifts my towel. I enjoy this so much. I almost want to do more and my body again has tingling feeling. Many men smile to me as I past them, this is nice. 

As I near my car I see two boys on bicycles sitting near my car and I am wanting to do something special. As I walk my breasts bounce from side to side and causes my towel to loosen. I feel the towel start to unwrap slowly. Both my hands are full so I am able prevent my towel from coming apart except by holding my arms close to my body putting pressure on my towel. But when I stop this the towel again unwraps. This has made me very excited. When I reach my car, I lift my arms to place my cold drink and bag onto the roof of my car. As I do this I feel my towel unwrap completely. I allow my towel to unwrap and it quickly falls to the ground. I am now standing there with no clothes on at all and my towel on the ground. I slowly turn around naked and I see the two boys staring at me looking surprised. 

I am now facing them with my large breasts and nipples fully visible for them to see. There eyes seem to be attracted to my naked pussy and they stare with their mouths open. I slowly bend down to pick up my towel. I shake the towel which causes my breasts to bounce. As I am facing them I slowly again wrap myself with my towel. I am feeling so excited at this time. I take my bag and drink, unlock my door and get into my car. I drove home with the towel open all the way home. It was very much fun today.


My Paperboy Adventure

This was my first adventure with a peeping tom 

I often house-sit for my uncle while he is in California or Japan. Usually one weekend a month. I am always a early riser and this Sunday was not different. I enjoy to sleep with no clothes on, unless it is cold, which is unusual in Hawaii. I put on a short terry robe and went to kitchen to make coffee. A few minutes later, I hear the newspaper boy ride up on his bicycle and he throws the paper onto the front door with a "thud" noise. 

Maybe 10 minutes later I go the the front door to get my newspaper, I open the door and bend over to pick up my paper. As I look up I see the paperboy folding his newspapers next to his bicycle. I say hello and introduce myself. He tells me his name is David, I think he is about 12 or 13 years of age. He is cute and very shy it seems. Then I notice he is looking at my robe, I look down and realize that I had not closed my robe fully and he is able to see much of my cleavage. I am surprised that a boy so young is curious of such things. I feel excitement because of this. I smile to him and say good bye and return into the house.

That morning I went to the shopping mall and returned about noon. As I drive into our garage I notice the paperboys bicycle in the bushes along the garage. I wonder if it had broken and he had to leave it till later. I go into the house and turned on the air conditioner, it is very hot today. I open my closet doors, which has mirrors on it, and I suddenly see a reflection in the mirror. I recognize it to be my paperboy and he is peeping into my bedroom window. I am surprised, but pretend not to see him. I am very amused that a young boy would do something like this. It is very exciting to have a peeping tom and I decide to allow him to watch me. 

I turn on the stereo to listen to some nice soft music, this always makes me feel sexy. I am wearing a white blouse with buttons in front and a short white skirt. Under this I am wearing a white bra and bikini style knickers. I am not wearing stockings today. I take a terry robe out of my closet and close the closet doors. I face the mirror and I see the paperboy watching me. I start to undo my skirt, I let my skirt fall to the floor and step out of it. I pick it up and put my skirt an the bed. I turn around and I see his head suddenly go down as so I will not see him. I turn to my bed and lay down with my legs facing the window from the corner of my eye I see him again watching. I slowly spread my legs apart and he is able to clearly see I now have a wet spot on my sheer white bikini knickers. I am sure he is able to view my pussy lips easily through the panty material.

Laying there on my bed I slowly unbutton my blouse, I undo all of the buttons and open my blouse fully, revealing my white bra and full breasts. I run my hands over my breasts and slowly move my hands down to my tummy. I slowly spread my legs apart and my hands move to my now wet spot on my knickers. I am now lying on my bed wearing only knickers and bra with my blouse open and I am feeling myself sexily. I am sure my paperboy is getting a good show.

I slowly get up from the bed and stretch my arms high as I yawn. As I do this, I see that my peeper is no longer there. I look out the window and he has left. Did I scare him I wonder? Oh well, next time. I enjoyed performing for him very much and I hoped he will return. I did not see him again that weekend. 

The following month I am to stay again at my uncles again and I am wondering if I will again have a peeping tom. This makes me to feel very sexy knowing I may have a young boy watching me and this time I bring with me sexy clothes to wear to allow me to be exciting to look at.

Saturday morning I am awake very early, I am still wearing my short terry robe as I make my coffee and think of plan for my young visitor. I go to my closet and take out a very sexy and very sheer robe. It is a light pink in color and almost see-through when viewed against any light source. It is short and only secured with a sash around the waist. I remove my terry robe and put on my sexy robe. It feels very nice on my skin and makes my nipples to become harden with a tingle feeling. I also put on matching high heels which is unusual for me to wear indoors, but I am told it makes me to look sexier. I feel very excited and wait for my paperboy to arrive.

I watch through a dark window and I see him coming on his bicycle. He stops his bicycle outside the driveway and walks up to my front door. I am getting very excited now and almost nervous as to what I am about to do. I go to the front door and I hear the "thud" of the newspaper. I slowly open the door and I say hello to David. It is dark outside and I turn on the living room light behind me. When I do this I am able to see his face and his eyes open wide as he is able to see my naked sillouette through my sheer robe. Because the light is coming from behind me he is now able to see that my robe is almost transparent and I am sure he can clearly view my naked form. I ask him how he is doing and he stutters to tell me he is fine. 

It is exciting for me to have such an affect on him and I now want him to be able to see me even better, so, I again move my fingers to the light switch and turn on the porch lite. Now he is able to clearly see my breasts and nipples through the sheer robe. He is looking at my breasts and slowly moves his eyes down to my hairless pussy which is now visible through my sheer robe. 

My heart is pounding loudly and my body is tingling with excitement. I take a few steps towards him to pick up the paper and I slowly bend down to pick up the newspaper and allow my robe to open very much and he is able to see my naked breasts. I loosen the sash on my robe and as I stand the movement of my soft breasts causes my robe to open even more. It opens down to my waist allowing him to have a clear view of my soft breasts. I smile to him and say it is nice to see him again. He seems to be looking at my hairless pussy in amazement. I almost want to pull my robe off and let him see more, but I am afraid it may scare him. I say goodbye and I walk back into the house. I am hoping he will also visit me later today. I did not see him the rest of that day.

The next day is Sunday and I anticipate the return of my early morning friend again. But, I am unable to decide as to what I am to wear. I then remember of my towel adventure at the beach and I have an idea. He is to arrive soon, so, I quickly turn my shower on and as soon as the water is warm I enter and take a quick shower. I shampoo my hair with my favorite shampoo that smells very nice. I quickly wipe myself almost dry and try to arrange my hair to look as best as possible even when not dry. 

My friend should be arriving any minute soon. I find myself a towel. I choose a medium size towel that is not large enough to wrap myself in, but only large enough to cover my breasts and perhaps my pussy. I see through the window that my friend is walking up to my door. I hold the towel against my breasts as if to cover my naked body and slowly open the door. I turn on the porch light and pretend to be surprised to see him there. I smile to him and say that I didn't know he was out here and that I was just checking for the paper. I tell him that I had just finished taking a shower and that it was too hot to put any clothes on yet. His mouth opens in surprise as he looks at me with wide open eyes and realizes that I am standing in my doorway naked with only a small towel covering my totally naked body. He stutters and tells me good morning. I am again pleased that I have such an effect on him. 

I smile and reach forward to take my newspaper from him. But, before I have the paper in my hand, I pretend that the towel has slipped from my hand and it reveals my naked breasts. I do not attempt to catch my towel, instead I allow it to fall to the floor. I am standing under the bright porch light causing me to be shined upon like on a stage. I pretend to be very embarrassed as I allow my friend to have a very good look at my now completely naked body before I raise one arm to my breasts as if to cover myself and use my other hand to cover my pussy. My fingers rubbed my nipples causing them to become instantly hard and must have protruded about a half inch. The tingling in my pussy has become even stronger.

I say "excuse me" and smiled. With the hand that I was using to cover my breasts I again reach out for my newspaper again exposing all of my soft breasts and nipples. With my other hand covering my pussy, I use my finger to feel my wet pussy. He hands me the newspaper and he seems to be unable to speak. I allow him to view myself as I slowly bend over to pick up my towel. 

As I stand I make certain he is getting a good look at my completely naked body. Without covering myself, I say thank you and turn and walk back into my house. As soon as I entered the house I lay on my living room couch and masturbated for an hour or so. I hope he was watching because I left the living room curtains wide open just for that purpose.

Tied on the Balcony

It has been over a year now since first coming to Hawaii. During the early months I lived in Waikiki across the famous beach. This is where I learned of my passion to reveal myself to men I have not yet met. I now have my own apartment in the suburbs, but I occasionally enjoy to return to the same hotel for a weekend and have an adventure. This is only one of these times.

It is always exciting for me to expose myself with the chance of being seen by a stranger. The more I reveal of my body the more it excites me. I am staying again at the hotel in Waikiki this weekend and I have a wonderful view of the beach across the street. The men across the street also have a very good view of my 4th floor balcony. I am always trying to find new exciting ways for me to be "caught" in stages of undress. Today as I am sunbathing on my balcony and I see large decorative hooks on the ceiling of the balcony. Perhaps they are for the plants?? Then I remembered a Japanese movie where a woman was captured and held prisoner. Her captors had her standing with her arms spread apart and tied to a beam above her. They then proceeded to tear her dress off as they had her submit to them. This image always excited me and stayed in my mind and I remembered it often in wonder.

I am now thinking of an exciting way to have men to see me. The next morning I am awake before the sun rises and prepare for my adventure. It is still a little dark and I stand on a chair so that I am able to tie a silk stocking to each of the two hooks I am to use. They are approximately three feet apart and the silk stockings now hang low enough for me to easily play with. 

I am wanting to perform well this morning, so I put on my make up and brush my hair to look very sexy. I am only wearing a long red and very see through silk nightgown that has the ties on the shoulder to support it and nothing else under it. I also wear red thigh high stockings my red high heels as to make my legs look also sexy. 

In a few minutes the sun will rise and I already am able to see people walking on the sidewalk across the street. As I look down the street I see a group of about six Japanese men walking this way. I enjoy to tease Japanese men because of how rudely they treat women in Japan. So, I quickly stand in place on the balcony and I tie my left hand with the silk stocking, I then pull the tie on my left shoulder of my nightgown, allowing that side of the nightgown to open and exposing my left shoulder and part of my breasts. I now pull the tie on the right side only slightly, so that only a slight movement will cause it to come apart. I then grasp the other silk stocking with my right hand and wrap it around my wrist as if to be tied in that position.

The sky is now becoming lighted and I see the men walking and they are almost across of me now. One of the men sees me in my red nightgown and stops to look, he points me out to the others who now also stop to look at me which causes an exciting feeling within me. My heart is beating loudly and again my body is tingling with pleasure. 

I pretend not to see them and pretend to be struggling to untie myself. As I do this the movement of my large breasts bouncing from side to side causes the last tie on my nightgown to start to undo itself. I stop moving as if surprised that I may be losing my clothing and I feel my nightgown become loose. The nightgown is now free and slowly slides down with only my large breasts slowing it from falling fully. I move slightly and I feel my nightgown slipping down fully exposing my soft breasts and nipples then finally falling to the floor. I am now standing there in front of several men, in public, completely naked except for my stockings and heels with my arms tied above me. 

With my nightgown now on the floor, I slowly step out of it and spread my legs apart. I am almost completely naked with my soft breasts and hairless pussy exposed for all to see in the morning light. I can fell the mens eyes all over my naked body and I pretend to be struggling with the silk stockings holding me. I spread my legs even wider apart and I thrust my hips toward the balcony railings and the men are able to see clearly my naked pussy through the railings of the balcony. With my legs spread wide apart I squirm as if trying to free myself. As I do this I am able to feel my pussy lips part with each movement. I am hoping the men are able to have a good view of my open and now wet pussy. I move from side to side causing my breasts to bounce wildly. I am getting so excited as they watch me. I finally pretend that I have loosened the stocking on my right hand and then untie my left hand. 

I am now standing on the balcony completely naked and I have several men admiring me. I pretend not to be looking at them and as I face towards them, close my eyes and caress and massage my soft breasts. I lift my right leg on the lounge chair and I run my hands down my naked body. I put my left hand onto the railing and lean over causing my breasts to rest on the railings for all to see. I run my fingers along my pussy lips that are now very wet and insert my finger into my pussy. My finger explores my hot, wet pussy as the men below me watch me masturbate myself with my eyes closed. I imagine if this was later in the morning when there would be hundreds of men on the streets and looking at my naked body. I continue to do this for several minutes until my body shivers with excitement and my legs will no longer support me. I then lay on the lounge chair to rest. I listen and I hear my audience applaud my performance as they stroll away. This is so much fun for me! I am already anxious for my next time I reveal myself to a man.


Changing after the beach

Sorry, I have not written in a while, but, I have been on vacation in Europe and I have many adventures to share. Unfortunately it will probably take me a while to put it into English for you.

But, in the meantime, I recently shared this adventure with my girlfriend, Lin, and I thought it would be nice to also share it with you and your friends.

On Tuesdays and Thursdays during the school year I will usually frequent the same beach park. It is called Ala Moana beach park. It is not as famous as the Waikiki beach but it is equally as nice for me to sunbathe. This is where I often perform my "towel" adventures :) Because I go there so frequently, there are certain people that have become familiar to me. There are several that I have been lucky enough to have viewed them masturbating as they watch me. I love this to happen!!! It is so exciting for me to know that I have this power to cause this to happen.

This particular morning I drove into the parking lot rather early, about 10:00 am. This park has an area with a driveway which sort of goes around in a circle. One portion has many trees and bushes. As I drove into this area, I saw a familiar car, a very nice black Porsche. I recognized it to belonging to a handsome Caucasian man in his 40's or 50's whom I have seen on several occasions. He always looked so professional, perhaps he is a doctor or a lawyer. But his car is what attracted me, it is a beautiful car. But, I did not see anyone in the car. So, I parked a few cars spaces in front of this beautiful Porsche and went on to the beach.

After about an hour and a half of lying in the sun, I went for a swim to cool off and to wash the sand off of my body. It was a very hot day and even as I wiped myself with my towel I could already feel the beads of perspiration running down my body. I sometimes like the feeling of being hot and sweaty. I imagine that I am a native girl on a lush tropical island strolling the a deserted beach totally naked.

I gathered all my belongings and started to walk to my car. As I approached my car, I saw that the Porsche had moved and is now parked directly behind my car. I smiled to myself as I saw that the man was sitting on the passenger seat which is closest to the walkway. This is a well shaded area because of the trees and bushes close to the walkway. He was sitting in a semi-reclining position so he was partially hidden from my view. As I got closer I could see that his right shoulder was moving in a steady pace and I could only guess what he was doing. I have always been fascinated when I am able to see a man masturbating because he is watching me. I think this is the foremost reason I like to be watched. It is so exciting to know that I am able to affect a man this way.

I did not want to alarm my "friend" so I did not walk too close to his car and pretended not to be aware of his presence. But, I did walk a very slow pace as so he could have a very good view of my bikini clad body. Because we were under a very shaded part of the street I was unable to see exactly what he was doing. But, I have seen this "friend" masturbate in his car as I walked passed on several occasions. I have even seen his penis on a few of these times.

I was wearing a bright yellow bikini, a very small bikini :) and I had my towel over my left shoulder. I went to my passenger door, the same side as my Porsche owner. I opened my bag and pulled my car keys out to unlock the door. I opened the door and laid my towel and bag onto my passenger seat. I wondered how I may have an adventure with my "friend". I leaned into the car with only my thong bikini covered buttocks in view. I must have looked almost naked as the thong bottom was barely there.

I stood up outside the door and pretended to look around to see if anyone was nearby. Our cars were the only cars in the immediate area. I reached into the car and pulled out my bag. I laid the bag on the roof of the car, opened the bag and pulled out my t-shirt and shorts. I shook the t-shirt and shorts to clean it of any sand. I took my shorts and shook it as to remove any sand that may be still on it. As I did this I made sure that my soft breasts bounced for my "friend" to see. I laid them both my t-shirt and shorts on the roof of my car and pretended to look around again. Pretending to be satisfied that I would not be seen I started to undo my neck strap on my bikini top.

I held the top against my breasts as I reached back and undid the back strap. I held the top on for a few seconds and slowly pulled it off to reveal my soft breasts and nipples. I stood there in plain view with my large breasts and nipples exposed. I rubbed my breasts to remove any sand. The fact that I was rubbing my breasts in front of a stranger was so exciting to me. My heart was pounding and there was a tingling feeling running throughout my body.

I was at a loss as to what to do next, but I saw my "friend" sit up to get a better view. That was encouraging enough for me to decide to continue with my performance.

I decided to give my "friend" an even better show and remove my bikini bottom also. I was only a few feet from a man sitting in his car masturbating. This is so exciting for me to know. I put my fingers into the sides of my bikini bottom and slowly pulled it down to reveal my hairless pussy. I lowered my bikini down to my knees and then all the way down. I stepped out of them and stood there completely naked. I was practically standing on a public thoroughfare totally naked for all to see. My heart was beating so fast and loud I was afraid that my "friend" may be able to hear it. 

Suddenly, another car entered the driveway. I was so surprised and wasn't sure what I should do. What if it was a police car?? I quickly crouched down to hide from view hoping not to be seen. I was relieved when the car went right past and exited as quickly as it entered.

Then I realized that I was naked and crouching very low with my knees partially spread apart and that I was facing my "friend" in the Porsche. For the first time I was actually allowing someone to view my hairless pussy spread apart. The beads of sweat were running down my stomach and down between my legs. This suddenly became even more exciting then ever. He was able to see my clitoris which had been becoming very wet and shiny. No one had actually seen this before. Still in the crouched position, I actually started to spread my knees even more. I could feel pussy lips opening to reveal the pink fleshy private parts. My pussy suddenly became much wetter than ever before. I am not sure if it was the perspiration or my own pussy juices.

I could not hold back any longer! I had to touch myself! I ran my finger down to my pussy and it was like electricity. There was a tingling sensation that ran through my body almost instantly!!! I inserted my finger into my pussy and had an orgasm as soon as I did this. My "friend" in the Porsche was still watching as I masturbated myself and I was doing this almost along on a city street. After I had cum for the first time in front of anyone else, I stood up and wrapped myself with the towel. I jumped into my car and drove off.

I am always happy to hear from men that enjoy these adventures. But, the response is often so overwhelming that I am unable to reply to many. I hope they understand.

Love, Keiko 






