From woody757@comcast.net Sat Oct  1 08:36:47 2005
Date: Sat, 1 Oct 2005 08:57:22 -0400
From: Mike and Frenchie <woody757@comcast.net>
To: admin@asstr.org
Subject: Mike Our Star Player XIII


 Date: Fri, 23 Jul 2004 09:21:38 -0400
From: Mike & Bagger <woody757@verizon.net>
Subject: Mike Our Star Player XI

All right folks its Mike here, and this part is going to be from my
perspective after stopping by and visiting our friend Mike and his guide
dog Bagger to see if he could also teach me like he taught Mark how to
enjoy sexually your partners body just by touch.  I need to remind those
that read this as well as other chapters is that Mike of Mike and Bagger is
blind.  After hearing so many people tell me that I really did not know
Mark, and yet Mark could describe me better both physically as well as
sexually just by his sense of touch.  I suggest that you try it: blindfold
yourself while with your boyfriend or partner and explore his body and see
how much you both get out of it.  Now back to my part of the story.

Mike the so called Star Player, and yet even after having myself
blindfolded before Mark showed me how sexually a persons sense of touch on
his or hers body can be to both the giver as well as the receiver.  Star
Player yeah sounds like a fancy name for gigolo or male hustler, and that
is just what my dad along with some friends of mine have told me that is
how they see Mark and my relationship.  Last night before Mr. Brooks had
asked me to Mark out of the Spring Fling ( he really wanted to attend it ),
he pulled me to the side not to congratulate me on winning another State
Championship in Football for New Town High School.  Instead he started to
give me a piece of his mind about how it appears to him that I am just
using Mark for a live sex toy, and actually asked me, " Can you tell me
with a straight face that you can describe as well as enjoy him sexually
without seeing his body?" Before I could answer him.  My dad who still is
the football coach at New Town, yanked me to the side after he got some
information about what happened from Dr. Spicer -- school's principle.  I
have never heard Dad use a tone like he did with me before I went to go
comfort Mark, and it was the tone that no son ever wants to hear from their
father or parents.  The one of total disappointment in my actions both
before and when Jerry Potts and his crew decided to give Mark and ear full.
I seriously do love Mark, but sure the hell did not show it night at the
Spring Fling.

Not realizing that Mark was home already since I cut classes to go visit
Mike to learn the sense of touch like he taught Mark to use on me that
night in the suite.  Mark, jumped all over me for cutting school, and it
was my own fault since I told him that I have never missed a day of school.
He was also excited because of getting his AP course tests results back
giving him a 4.0 GPA, and did it to make me happy that my boyfriend was not
a stupid jock or a year younger that I was in school.

I had called the school telling the secretary that my dad requested all my
homework for that Friday ( RIGHT) be sent home with Mark, because I had an
infected tooth that needed to be taken care of as soon as possibility.
Actually I had done a couple of things that day.  Got up early as usual not
to throw anyone off track, and made reservations for the two of us at
Rehoboth Beach in a Gay Hotel located there, as well as making sure that
our friend Mike would be home before going over to visit him to learn the
use of the sense of touch.

Mike asked me why it has taken me so long to come to him if I really loved,
cared for Mark as I have been stating over the past few months.  Oh Shit
another person is going to tell me that I am not sensafitive or caring
towards Mark, and yet our friend Mike had not known what dad or Mr. Brooks
had said to me previously.  After offering me a cup of coffee to relax
(that is really funny as I am sneaking this in about our writer Mike ---
being born legally blind, his mom dropped him off on the state as a ward of
the court ( foster child) who was abused something terrible, and yet Mike
only really found his real dad just 10 years before he passed away once
again leaving Mike to fend for himself along with his guide dogs).

The idea that Mike wanted me to relax so that he could explain as well as
show me why the sense of touch is both a physical as well as a sexual turn
on if done properly with ones partner.  I than explained that both Mark and
I where suppose to go to Rehoboth Beach and stay at the Gay Hotel for the
weekend, so that I could show Mark how important he is to me along with
showing my love towards him.  Mike yelled at me cancel that Rehoboth
reservation, and go some place where you have to deal with more straight
people than gay ones because your problem is easy to see ( he laughed at
me).  You are afraid to show Mark how much that you really love him, and I
do not mean just walking around a Gay Resort holding hands.  Sit down Mike
and listen to me as its very important.  You need to take Mark back to the
so-called scene of the crime -- call the Sheraton and reserve either a room
or a suite for the whole weekend, because it was there that you first
started to show your classmates how you really feel towards Mark.  You
IGNORED HIM !!!!

I was than told something about the ring that Mark had gotten for me, or
should I say the original one that dad paid to have replaced.  Yeah our
friend Mike had been told the full story about how Mark had been working
odd jobs to save up and by me a plain gold band to give me to show me his
love.  He than told me how dad had paid Michael's owner a nice amount of
money to upgrade the original ring to the white and gold one that Mark gave
me to show his love, and commitment to me just prior to going to the Spring
Fling.  I was than asked a simple question: "Why do you really want to
learn about the sense of touch on somebody else's body?"  Think about it
Mike he told me before you put your foot back in your mouth again.  I sat
there for about two hours thinking about what this blind man of 47 was
asking me, before the correct answer finally came out of my mouth.  I want
to learn what you have taught Mark because I want to be able to show him as
much love both physically and sexually as he showed me that night in the
suite.

Good Mike, I am glad to see that you are starting to become a man --- age
means nothing, but admitting that you need to learn how to love the person
that loves you so much as Mark does my friend he told me.

Alright Mike lets go into the den to start your lessons about how to
explore, enjoy your partners body without using the sense of sight.  Now
Mike describe to me what you look like, and remember that I have already
talked with Marty and Mark.

Ok if you want me to describe myself to you Mike here goes: 6'2" 180 lbs
with hardly any body fat a nice six pack with very little body hair since I
started to shave it off during football season.  Fine Mike but you forgot
three things and remember that I can not see you, so its like you are
painting a portrait for me.  Alright I have what some call Sandy Blonde
hair leaning towards brown, with brown eyes and if you must know I have a
7.5"uncut cock.  ( Mike giggles at me) What is so funny Mike that describes
me the best that I can.  No Mike cock size is not that important, but you
are wearing something more important than the size of any cock in the
world.  Yeah I am wearing my partners ring to me which is white and yellow
gold intertwined like a rope, but I do not know what his original ring
looked like and that would have been more important than any other ring he
could win or get thanks to dad's assistance.  Do not blame Marty about the
rings being changed Mike.  If anybody should be blamed its yourself,
because you always have to have the top of the line when it comes clothes,
cars, entertainment, and of course jewelry.  Think about it again Mike, and
when you realize how lucky that you are to have a dad that can provide,
unconditional love.

What I had just heard told to me about the ring, dad's love for me, and
Mike had showed me how materialistic that I really am by mentioning all the
things that I demanded like the car that dad was going to buy me for my
birthday, and all the new clothes that I got just before every school year
started.  The jewelry was right on the point, because when I got my ear
pierced before Mark came into my life.  I could not accept just a gold stud
like others, NO I had to have the most expensive earring they had there.
As I laid down on the extra bed in Mike's condo, waiting for him to start
teaching me how to explore and enjoy my lovers body just by using the sense
of touch.

Waiting there for Mike to say something to me about how to enjoy another
ones body for physical as well as sexual pleasure.  That is when it dawn on
me by what Mike meant by putting my foot in my mouth again .  For a guy
that can not see he sure can see inside of me, and sees how much items are
more important to me than the companionship of my lover Mark.

After about 30 mins. Mike came into the room, and went to place a blindfold
on me but stopped to ask me a very simple question: "Why are you sweating
so bad Mike?" It was than that I realized there was not going to be any
need for a blindfold today or any in the future, because if I wanted to
enjoy both the beauty as well as the sexuality of a body than all I needed
to do was look at Mark.  I told Mike thanks for all his help but I did not
need the use of a blindfold today nor anytime in the future.  His response
to me shook me to my roots.

"Mike, you never needed the use of a blindfold like what Mark used on you
at the Sheraton, because if you had left that blindfold on there was a very
good choice that you would have lost Mark", and "Mark needed to use them on
you for a very simple reason, and that is because he does not have the self
confidence that you do".  Mike, I hope that you and Mark plan on stopping
by on July 21 to visit.  I remembered what that date was and than asked
Mike if he still liked chocolate cake or preferred Angel Food, and his
response was right to the point nothing just two good friends that are
learning to become one.

He continued by telling me that he like me to give my description of what
is happening in the next chapter before Mark and I have to head back to New
Town for summer football practice along with going to class together in the
fall.  Oh do not worry both of us plan to send him tapes of what we are
doing during our summer recess, because school gets out in a week with both
Mark and myself heading into our Sophomore year together as couple.


Mike has asked me to tell you that he will try to get a new chapter out in
a week to 10 days, because Mark, dad and myself will be at Mike's hospital
bedside while he recovering from having tubes put in his ears to get rid of
his nasty ear aches.


