Date Night with a Surprise
by aerorotica

Dinner with a remote-control vibrator.

It was date night. One of my favorite nights with my husband. Once a month, we made sure we spent real quality time together. We weren't allowed to talk about work, or the chores, or our side business. It was a night for us to be the couple we started as. It was a tradition we had started during our first year together, and it kept the love strong.

This night was extra special. I had a surprise for him. He had mentioned wanting to try a remote control vibrator for a long time. I decided I was finally ready to surprise him with it.

He had let me shower first, so as I was getting dressed, he hopped into the shower himself. I used the opportunity to take the little egg shaped vibrator out from my hiding spot. I quickly slipped it into my tight pussy and then straightened out my dress. I wore a little black dress that hugged my curves just right, no bra, and a little black thong. I grabbed the remote control for the vibrator and tucked it into my purse.

Soon enough he was out of the shower, and dressed.

"Are you ready?" He asked. I smiled and nodded. I took his arm and we walked out to the car together. I probably should have practiced wearing the vibrator in the house, because I was getting more turned on than I realized and I hadn't even turned the vibrations on yet. I sighed a little when I sat down in the passenger seat. He glanced at me, but I didn't say anything.

We went to our favorite restaurant in town. Our typical date night spot, and we knew the wait staff fairly well. "Usual booth, tonight you two?" The hostess asked with a smile.

"Yes, please, that would be great," I said. She led us back to the back corner booth. We liked the privacy that the booth gave. The waitress that served that section was also a very stunning woman, which my husband and I both admitted to each other. Might be part of the reason we continued to come to this spot.

Once we were seated, I gave him a mischievous smile.

"Alright, you been looking at me like that since we got in the car," He said, a smile coming to his face. "What is it?"

I didn't say a word, just silently pulled the remote control from out of my purse.

"Alright, close your eyes." He did. And i put the controller in his hand and folded his fingers over it. " You can look," I said, folding my hands in my lap, the smile still on my face.

He opened his eyes and looked at the object in his hand. "Oh you're a very naughty girl," he said softly. I saw his eyes darken and his smile widened. I gulped.

The waitress, Sierra, came to the table, water in hand and a glass of white wine for me. "Hi guys, good to see you!" She said, setting the drinks down. Just then, I felt the vibrator spring to life inside me. It was at the lowest setting, but I jumped at the feeling. "The hostess told me you guys were here, and I wanted to make sure I got your wine out," She had a cute southern accent, long blonde hair, skinny waist and large boobs. She was slightly younger than me in her early twenties.

"Oh thank you, Sierra, you're so sweet," I said, trying to keep the shakiness from my voice.

"Of course, hun, y'all know you're my favorites," She winked at me, and I tried not to moan. "I'll give you a minute to look over the menus, okay?" She turned to walk away, and I couldn't help but stare at her as she walked away. The sway of her hips shaking her ass just right. The vibration stopped, and I turned my attention back to my husband.

"This is going to be too much fun," He said, seeing the desperation in my face. I could feel myself already soaking my panties. I smiled and agreed with him. I took a couple sips of my wine, and we decided on what we wanted. My husband saw Sierra coming back to the table and turned the vibrator back on, this time the vibrations were stronger. I gripped the hem of my dress, and gave her my order. The shakiness in my breath a little more apparent this time. I cleared my throat while my husband gave her his.

When she walked away, the vibrator went off again. I audibly moaned that time. He chuckled, and switched from sitting across from me to sitting next to me. He kissed me deeply, his hand sliding up my thigh, then lightly slid his hand across my panties under my dress. "You are soaking through those panties. Maybe you should take them off," He whispered in my ear.

I looked at him with concern. " I don't know if I want to do that here," I whispered back to him.

"I wasn't asking, my love," He said, turning the vibrator back on. It was much more intense than the first couple times and I squeaked. "Take them off," He said in my ear.

"Yes, sir," I said breathily. I slipped the thong down my legs and over my shoes. I balled up the wet thong and stuffed into my purse. The vibrations were still going and I could feel myself getting close to having an orgasm. "I think I'm gonna cum," I said, softly.

"Good girl," he said, shutting off the egg before I could orgasm. I whined and he took his fingers back to my pussy, sliding two fingers up my center, feeling how wet i was. He briefly touched my clit, causing me to moan softly. He brought his hand away, and licked his fingers. "You are so wet and you taste sooo good," He said smiling. "Don't worry. I'll let you cum soon," he kissed me again, before sliding back to the other side of the table.

We had some conversation for a little bit before our food was brought back out. We ate and talked, and I drank some more wine. After we finished eating, he turned the egg back on. Lowest setting again. Sierra came by to grab empty plates, and the egg turned up in intensity. He left it on as she walked away. I watched her walk away with our plates, thinking about how badly I wanted to taste her, and watch my husband make her cum. I wondered how that pretty little southern accent would sound moaning my name.

I let my head lean back after she was out of sight. I met my husbands eyes, and he had a knowing smirk on his face. He knew how attracted to her I was. He turned up the intensity, and I closed my eyes, trying to stay quiet. I couldn't stop squirming, I could feel the orgasm building in my stomach, and I was leaving a wet spot on the bench. "I'm going to cum," I breathed out to him. Once again, the vibrations got more intense, and it sent me over the edge. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," I moaned out, not caring who could hear me. The intensity went up again as I came around the egg, my juices flowing and covering my thighs and my dress. My eyes flew open, as I let the orgasm wash over me.

Sierra was standing there, the controller in her hand and a smile on her face. The sight of her with my remote and the continued vibrations caused another wave to crash over me. She leaned down, and kissed me. I moaned into her mouth and kissed her back. I reached one hand up to feel one of her tits, pinching and squeezing the nipple. She shut the vibration off and handed the remote back to my husband.

"You guys are all set, and I'll see you, soon, I hope!" she smiled at me and winked again. I smiled sheepishly.

"Thank you," My husband said. He took my hand and led me out of the restaurant.

The car ride home I couldn't stop thinking about what had happened in the restaurant. I felt myself getting turned on again. My pussy was still wet from the orgasms I'd already had. Without a word, I leaned over and started undoing his belt and zipper.

"Eager, eager," He said, leaning the seat back so I had better access. I pulled his dick out from his boxers. It was already hard for me, and I licked up and down the shaft a few times, before taking the tip into my mouth. I let my tongue dance on the head for a moment, then let more slide into my mouth till the tip hit the back of my throat. He moaned and I swallowed slightly, letting my throat muscles massage it.I felt the vibrator turn back on. I moaned in response before coming up for air. The pressure in my pussy gradually built as I continued to suck him off until we pulled into the driveway. I came off his dick with a "pop" and we hurried inside.

Once inside, he shoved me down onto the bed, one hand grabbing my throat, the other pulling the vibrator out of my pussy. There was a slosh noise as the juices from my orgasms followed the vibrator out. He moaned and slammed his dick deep into me, wasting no time. I moaned at the intensity of his dick slamming into me over and over again, without relenting. He was growling over me as he hammered into my tight pussy. He let go of my throat to grab my hips, pulling me back on to his dick with every thrust. I screamed as I came. He grunted and I knew he was getting close. He pulled out of me, and I immediately dropped down to take him in my mouth.

His hand moved to the back of my head as he pumped into my mouth. After a few thrusts he groaned and I felt his dick throb as he came. He pushed me further onto his dick and I swallowed every drop. He finally let me go, and I stroked him a bit to make sure I didn't waste any.

"That's a good girl," He said pulling me up next to him in bed. "Thank you for a wonderful surprise." He kissed my forehead, and we fell asleep together. I can't wait for more datenights.
