Michael was in the midst of choosing between two options for dinner when the kitchen wall phone rang. He wiped his wet hands on a dishtowel, picking up the extension. “ ‘ello?” He quickly deduced this was someone other than Brian calling. Only because Brian normally rang him on the cell. 

“Michael?” The voice sounded emotionally strained.

Michael furrowed his brow in bewilderment. “Lindsey? Honey…” He could hear commotions in the distance going on behind her. “… what’s wrong?”

“Where’s Brian?”

Michael proceeded to roll his eyes. Figures. He began to wonder if there would come a day when Lindsay recalled he had a functioning brain too. She didn’t have to keep pestering Brian. “Work.” Obviously, Michael muttered in his head. “Have you tried his cell?” He kept the extension freehanded, tucking the piece between his chin and shoulder. The long cord allowed him to wander about the linoleum.

“Always goes directly to voicemail.” Lindsay sighed, seeming to be running out of choices.

“How ‘bout the office phones?”

“They told me he was in a meeting. Couldn’t be bothered.”

Michael paused in thought. “Have you tried leaving a message with Cynthia? Told her you needed Brian because of an emergency?” He always got through, but that was because Brian didn’t mind him interrupting.

“How did you--? It’s not--” Lindsay was unprepared for Michael’s keen intuition.

Michael snickered, lightly. “Please, the only time you call me it’s to let me talk to Jenny. Since she’s here and it’s imperative you only talk with Brian… how can I not assume it’s an emergency of sorts?” He wished he had the courage to tell Lindsay off, because of all the stupid bullshit she had pulled and crap he had taken from her for Brian‘s sake. Or even just telling her how sorry he was for her bad luck and slamming the phone down in her ear. But he could sense Lindsay was spooked about something and she needed to tell someone. Hey… why not him? “I am a parent too. Does this have to do with Gus?”

“Partly.” Lindsay wished she didn’t have to involve Michael in the mess, but it looked as if she had no other option. “How is Jenny? I wasn’t there for her call with Mel.”

Michael was growing worried. “What’s wrong?” The sounds around Lindsay didn’t appear normal. “Where are you?”

Lindsay cleared her throat. “I’m, uh… at the police station. With Gus.” She took a deep breath, hearing nothing from Michael’s end. “He--he’s okay. They picked him up, because he was into some mischievous activity. Mel warned me Gus had been hanging out with some questionable older kids, but I never thought it’d come to this.”

Michael had no response except the first priority. “How is Gus?”

“Shaken. A little frightened, possibly. They’re letting him off with only a warning. I was at the university when they called me.”

Michael wasn’t absolutely sure he understood why Brian would need to get involved at this point. There was a desperation in Lindsay’s voice that told there was more to the story. He simply waited for her to feel comfortable enough, crumble like a house of cards.

Lindsay had continued to speak, nerves making her wander in her thoughts. “They called Mel, since she’s the parent at home, but--”

Michael braced himself for the “whopper” he was about to be privy to.

“She’s on her final straw with Gus.” Lindsay paused, gathering courage to finally allow someone else into their slowly falling-apart life. She had no idea why she was hesitant to let Michael in. He always seemed a calm comfort. Maybe it was because she thought he might take Melanie’s side. Melanie being Jenny’s mother and all. But she knew some day she would have to take a chance. “Has, uh… Jenny said anything to you? Or… uhm, Brian?”

“About what?” Michael played like he was oblivious. He had known something wasn’t “right” between Melanie and Lindsay for awhile. Particularly the way Brian discussed some of the times he had gone out to Toronto to visit.

Lindsay cleared her throat, wiping under her eyes. “You have a very respectful, brave, loving and trusting daughter, Michael. You should be proud.”

“I am.” Michael wasn’t swayed in the least from the topic. “Linds, what’s happened? What’s going on?”

Lindsay allowed the tears to fall, unchecked, sniffling once or twice before she responded. “Mel and I have… unofficially… separated.”

“Linds…” Michael had an inkling, but never thought… whoa… no wonder Gus was… well, this was only Michael’s opinion. Knowing Brian gave Michael insight into Gus’ demeanor, a tad. The kid must have such rage inside.

“Hey…” Lindsay attempted to laugh lightly. She twirled the phone cord about her index finger. “… it’s okay. I kind of got the hint when she called me this morning to come pick up my son… from the police station.”

Michael didn’t have to imagine the type of colorful language that flowed from Melanie’s mouth. “... are you all right?”

“Yes.” Lindsay was mildly touched at Michael’s concern. “At least the continual arguing every day is no more.”

“Where are you staying?”

“Hotel room. I rented it a few weeks ago when Mel kicked me out. No, wait… actually she told me to leave and take 'Brian’s son' with me.” Lindsay snickered, even though she knew it wasn’t very funny.

“Oh… my…” Michael was momentarily flabbergasted. Had Brian known this and kept it secret to spare him? Was this what had Brian preoccupied, lately? Sure would explain a lot. Somehow he knew it wasn’t true. Though he did know, once Brian found out… Melanie would be back on his “shitlist”.

“After things cooled down, we tried again. Thought things would settle back, since Jenny was being taken care of. We could now focus on ourselves again. But it was bittersweet.” She shrugged, knowing that wish would never be fulfilled. “We had let it go for too long. It would have been nice to work our way back to being a couple again… with Gus.”

Michael didn’t know how much more he could take. He had figured every problem had stemmed from Jenny’s inability to cope. Now it looked as if she hadn’t been the cause of anything. Jenny was simply feeling the deterioration of her legal parents' relationship. Certainly unable to recognize her brother was slipping away just as she had. Damn… these kids meant the world to him. If only… “What are you going to do now?” He was willing to do anything at this point.

“I wanted to speak with Brian. See if he has a better solution.”

Michael leaned back on the kitchen counter. “This 'new job' of yours? Was there any truth to that?”

“Yes. It’s not a full time commitment. A good friend of mine, from college, needs some temporary help opening her art gallery. With me at her side, she’s hoping there's a chance at making quite an impression on the community she lives in. Mel thought the job was a permanent position, closer to Toronto. She pitched a wild fit. Didn’t matter to her that it was temporary and I’d still get a commission after the opening day. She’s certain I was planning this ahead, trying to shirk my duties toward Jenny and Gus.” Lindsay sighed heavily, glancing about for a place to sit, rest her feet. “One of these days, Mel was hoping, while the kids were still young, that I would become settled in my career. And then she could begin rebuilding hers again.”

Michael couldn’t believe everything that had looked so perfectly put-together on the outside, fell apart so easily and quickly. What hurt was that Melanie and Lindsay hadn’t even considered including he and Brian in helping to contain their children’s lives. “Where was this friend’s of yours gallery?”

“Thirty miles outside of Pittsburgh. With Brian being so close, I figured he could help me out somehow… someway.”

Michael began to wonder what Lindsay had really wanted to ask Brian. He thought she might want some of what she usually asked… money. But then he realized she might even think about leaving Gus in Brian’s hands, for once. Oh… Lord. “How long can you hold off before you need to give your friend an answer?”

“She said at least by the end of the week. I wanted to call her by the end of today to catch her up to speed, but… Mel and Gus kind of threw a rock in my plans.”

“I wish I could help you reach Brian, honey.” Michael figured Brian was possibly ignoring the calls because they were from Lindsay, not wanting to be bothered by her now in the midst of meetings. “… there was a pretty important meeting today. Brian may have told office staff to divert every call.” He knew that Lindsay was catching on to hints that he could be of any help to her.

“Michael…” Lindsay’s pause felt forced, as if she were at the end of her rope with no one there to catch her falling. “… is there any possibilities that come to your mind?”

The only fact Michael was juggling was… this phone call was a joke. Being the “fool”, yet again. “I wish--I can’t, Lindsay.”

“Michael…”

“No. I’m serious. Thanks for the vote of confidence, but the situation involves Gus. I love him too death, but he’s not my son. I don’t claim to know everything about Brian, but what I do know is he would have a real problem with me throwing ideas around for his own child’s life and welfare.”

“But... Michael, I--” Lindsay heard the conjecture in Michael’s tone.

Ah-ha! This would have been where Brian had usually gotten trapped. Suckered into Lindsay’s plans and schemes. “Right now, I have to focus on my daughter and I--” He knew he boxed himself into admitting something he didn’t believe, but he had to say it. “You know Gus is my world, like Brian is. He’s never far from my thoughts. But I can’t be bothered at the moment.” 

There was a short fractured moment of silence.

Michael had thought Lindsay hung up on him. Wouldn’t have been the first time.

“No, Michael. Of course. I do understand. I just--”

“... consistently think of me as Brian’s 'fall guy'.. Sorry… not where Gus is concerned.”

“Michael…”

“What?”

“Thank you. I’m not upset with you.” Lindsay was lightly giggling. She never knew Michael had that sturdy of a backbone. “What you said has probably been the smartest, and kindest, words anyone's said to me in months.”

Michael wasn’t sure how to take the compliment. “Can I ask you something?”

“Sure, Michael. Anything.”

“Whatever is going on with you and Mel, will it affect Jenny coming back to Toronto?”

“Oh… shit!” Lindsay smacked a palm to her forehead. “My God, sweetie! That’s right. Jenny was coming back soon, right?”

“In a week and a half.”

“Damn… I don’t really know. You may want to give Mel a call at the house. I’m not--”

Michael closed his eyes. “My one fear is placing her back in a household already breaking apart. We, uh… I’ve been doing my best here. Jenny is better, residual things keep her from moving forward. I need to know how much of a guarantee I can get to convince me Mel can, or can’t, handle Jenny’s return.”

Lindsay wished she had an easy response. “Since I don’t really know my next step, I can’t very well--”

“I know, I know. I just can’t risk Jenny relapsing.”

“I’d back out of answering your question for the same reason you gave for Gus. But, man, Jenny knows more than she lets on. If she were my daughter, Michael, and I had her fate -- as you do now -- I wouldn’t give her back to her mother, just yet.”

Michael sighed in relief. “This helps me a lot, Linds. I wish I--”

“No, don’t. I told you I completely understood. I know Brian’s wrath well. Mel and I haven’t been truthful to you and Brian. I’ve wanted to include both of you from the beginning, but I was convinced Mel and I could make it through on our own. At the cost of our childrens' happiness, the price is too high for me.”

Michael knew he had to reassure Lindsay. “If I see him before you reach him, I will tell Brian to call you immediately.”

“Do the best you can, but don’t force the issue. I left him a voicemail, and a few urgent messages with Cynthia. Hopefully, he’ll get them soon and call me right back.”

Michael was about ready to reveal Brian would be having dinner with he and Jenny, but that would disrupt Lindsay’s concentration at the moment. “Sorry I couldn’t be more help.”

“You kidding?! You calmed me down. Kept me company.” Lindsay lifted her head, recognizing a familiar light brown head of hair. “They’re bringing Gus out now. He looks…” She squinted her eyes to see his face better. “… spooked. I’m sure he didn’t have any idea those ‘friends’ would get him into this much trouble.”

“Take it from me. None of us ever do.” Michael snickered, thinking back to the games Brian got him to play a part in. “Lessons learned, that’s all we can hope for.” He was about to say “g’bye” when something overcame him. “Lindsay…”

“Yeah?”

“I wouldn’t have sided with Mel.”

“Thank you, Michael.” Lindsay chuckled. “I liked this chat. Longest we’ve been on the phone with one another in… forever.”

Michael didn‘t even want to go there, but she was right. “Bye, Lindsay.”

“Bye, Michael.”

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Hunter and Michael were putting the finishing touches on dinner, when a car could be heard pulling up to the house. Actually, they were bickering over what the “secret ingredient” of the sauce should be as Jenny made them aware of their ignorance.

“Brian!” Jenny suddenly abandoned her table-setting duty to make a break for the front door.

Hunter was shocked by the kid’s burst of speed. “Hey! Where’s she off to?”

Michael feigned interest in his new snazzy spice rack. “What do you think? Basil? With a pinch of crushed black pepper?”

“Michael…” Hunter hadn’t been told to follow Jenny outside.

“What?”

“Didn’t you see--?”

Michael turned at the right moment to catch Brian walking through the front doorway. But when no one came, he decided to join Jenny. “Well…” He began to exit the kitchen, patting Hunter’s right biceps. “… really, it’s only dinner. Let’s call bygones. Okay?” With that said, he was taking off behind his disappearing daughter.

Hunter was… perplexed? Dumbstruck? He moved to stand in the kitchen/dining room entryway, relaxing on the wall. Now this ought to be interesting to watch.

After a few seconds of silence and distant noises, car door slam and high-pitched conversation… the sounds began to re-approach the house, coming through the open front door into the foyer.

Jenny was chattering away. Her arms around Brian’s neck and legs secure about Brian’s waist as he carried her back into the house. His leather briefcase dangled from a few fingers of one hand.

“Hey! Lemme have her.” Michael snickered, coming to Brian’s rescue. He took Jenny in his arms and the briefcase.

“Hey… you!” Brian sighed, allowing an easy smile to slip out at the sweet sight of Michael and… home. He leaned down to plant a quick smooch on those waiting lips, then held up an index finger. “Be right back.”

Michael pretended he hadn’t heard. Jenny was dropped to the floor and moseyed back to the dinner table. Michael lifted the briefcase to a small desk, where he clicked the combination locks open. “Hard day?!” He could hear the gentle close of the door, meaning Brian’s re-entry. He took out color coordinated files and set them out for later.

Brian returned with an atrociously ugly and very clingy plant in his arms. He stopped, noticing Michael’s stunned look, he rolled his eyes. “Don’t ask.”

“Did you win it in an office raffle?” Michael strolled over to take the Terracotta planter. He moved to a short table, near the front window. He situated a few items around and found a great spot for the plant in the sun.

“uh… I wish. Then maybe I wouldn’t feel so guilty thinking about flushing the piece of shit down the toilet.” Brian took off his jacket, laying it over the back of the couch.

Michael immediately walked over, making a grunt sound and properly hung the coat in the foyer. As he slipped on by, to head back to what was cooking on the stove, Brian snagged him about the waist. “Brian!” He tried to ward off the sappy attention, but it tickled. And his ears were one of his erogenous zones. Brian knew that… wretch.

Brian flipped Michael around, tugging him to his chest. He sniffed around the air, then close to Michael’s smiling lips. He quirked an eyebrow, dipping to suckle at Michael’s open mouth. When he drew back, he spoke clearly. “Try… crushed red pepper... touch of basil.” He offered his own recommendation for the sauce. He tenderly touched a sore spot on Michael’s bottom lip, where it bowed.

“Not black pepper?” Michael asked, doubting the food advice.

Brian stared intently at Michael.

“Okay. Okay…” Michael held out his hands in defeat. “Did you get the bread I asked for?”

“Yeah, but I…” Brian patted his pants for keys, thinking hard. “… shit!” He grumbled while trying to investigate where the keys went. “Damn plant distracted me.”

“Not a problem.” Michael found the exact keys needed in the foyer. “Trunk?” He called out as he opened the front door. He strolled back in to catch Hunter’s eye.

“Yeah…” Brian sighed, leaning on the couch’s back headrest.

Michael gently petted Brian’s chest. “Told you, no problem. Hunter…” He gestured with his hand. “... come with and help me.”

Brian raised dazed and confused eyes toward the not-so-familiar young man walking past him, following Michael’s request. “Hey… uh, Hunter.” He gave a soft grin of exhaustion. “… did you cut your hair?”

“Yap.” What Hunter really wanted to say was, “What alien pod thing ate Brian Kinney?". Instead, he let Brian walk by him, toward the kitchen.

Jenny began chattering again, keeping Brian wide awake and using him to set the table for four people.

Hunter kept his eyes wide, not fathoming what he had witnessed seconds ago. It was like a perfected dance. A ballet, of sorts. Yin and Yang, but coordinated beyond any realm of thinking. He kept up pace with Michael’s quick trekking. “Two people to carry some measly frickin’ bread? What’s up with that?”

Michael chuckled lightly, realizing how much he truly missed the young man as a part of his daily life. "Har-har, smartass. There is bread, some Italian flatbread actually." He pressed a button on the key ring to automatically open the trunk lid. “I had Brian get a few missing groceries, as well.” When Hunter came close enough, he handed some bags to him.

"Okay... 'nuff with the secret life here, Clark Kent. Tell me how you did the impossible? Then I'll shut up and leave you alone."

Michael closed the trunk, plastic bags dangling from his left hand. "What do you mean?" He relocked the entire car again.

"Taming the Shrew, man? Or, in this case, should I say 'The Beast'? A still very sexy beast, I might add."

Michael shook his head. "I haven't 'tamed' Brian."

"Hey... whatever keeps you happy and Kinney on a tight leash. But don't lie to me." Hunter was preparing to joke and kid around, but he knew he may have overstepped boundaries and hit a sore spot.

Michael stopped, turning to face Hunter head on. “I, nor anything or anyone, has ‘tamed’ Brian. And he is not ‘on a leash’. He’s here. He’s with Jenny and I because…” He sighed, throwing out an arm from his side. He could tell it no plainer than this. “… he damn-well wants to be. We’re not telling everyone, but we’re here… trying to be a couple, build a life we think may last. I don’t--I want--”

“Hey. I get it. I understand. I’m one of the good people.” Hunter pressed a palm to his chest. “Remember what we look like? I’m one of the people who actually likes the bastard. You don’t have to make excuses to me. I’m curious, is all.” He dropped his shoulders, his bags falling a bit down his body. “Look, if I continue to nosy in your business… I give you my permission to kick my waif-y ass out of your house. M’kay?”

Michael quirked one side of his mouth. He knew he had missed something about Hunter and this was it. “It’s still your house too.” He freed up a hand and wrapped an arm about the thin neck of the young man. “Thank you. Your approval means the world to me and Brian. We haven’t been able to find the right moment, you know, to let everyone else know. It’s just… been so nice on our own, getting to be together without all the… bothersome nonsense of unwarrented advice. We want this to work out more for Jenny, but it seems to have become something we’ve both been wanting all along.”

“Yeah, something told me this was the first time you used the..." Hunter tried to throw up proper "air quotes", but he was bogged down by groceries. "...‘practiced speech’ on a real victim.”

“How was it? Did I come across as too egotistical?”

“Perfect, but you should really think about puttin’ in more swear words. That often makes more of an impression than you’d think. Packs a mean one-two-punch, as well. They know you mean business.”

Michael smoothed a hand down Hunter’s cheek. “Figures you would tell me that, son. C’mon, I think dinner might burn without us.” He took off, entering the house, but leaving the door open for Hunter.

Hunter took his time, soaking in the new-ness of his surroundings. Yeah, a bit strange, but nice, like Michael said. He could definitely get used to this feeling in him about this house and the new couple in it.

Jenny was one lucky kid. Maybe he could try to worm his way back in, just to get a taste… figure out where he belonged again.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

When Hunter obligingly took the offered seat set for him, at the old Novotny/Bruckner dining table, he was immediately struck by an interesting revelation.

Brian Kinney appeared as if he knew he belonged. No doubts in his head about filling the important empty spot left at the head of the table. He took the lead like he had mastered the effort his entire life. There was a subtle grace to Brian’s movements, an ease as he gave Michael and Jenny equal attention. He didn’t seem preoccupied with things from the outside. Washed completely away the minute he stepped inside the doors. Weird, but it helped Hunter refocus his thoughts.

Hunter loved Ben. The older man had instantly filled the father figure position he had needed to come back to his senses. He would never admit it to Ben, but even when he was allowed to love and assimilate taking care of him and his heart, there was still a barrier wall of protection placed in the way.

For Michael, Hunter had noticed it had begun with the I-Am-Poz-You-Are-Not business, but then it had seeped into a level of intelligence and even toward where Michael’s childhood income had been.

For Hunter himself, it had been because they shared a similar disease and Ben had taken him under his wing. But soon it grew into the fact that no matter if Ben agreed to adopting Hunter as his child or not, there was no biological way Hunter would ever truly be his kin. Ben seemed to fight personal battles within his own mind over that fact. Never allowing Hunter to ease his worry.

The closer they grew, the more Ben interfered with every part of his life. Of course, the HIV Poz life was more malleable than any other. At first, Hunter had pretended he didn’t care whether he lived or died. The more he realized Ben had nearly moved Heaven and Earth to show he cared, things began to change.

The weeks following had been decent, sharing their treatments and Ben teaching Hunter methods of survival. Until the one day Hunter slipped and forgot to take his regimen of medications. Ben had become irrationally enraged, calling Hunter every foul name in the book. Names Hunter had recalled his own mother using to sink him to such a low level of self esteem to be able to “trick” for her.

Hunter understood Ben’s surface anger. For Ben, every other day seemed filled with attending old friend’s funerals and saying another senseless goodbye. He didn’t want someone so young, younger than him, succumbing to this dreadful disease. So, of course, he had to be there at every turn Hunter made, watching his next moves.

By morning Ben was reborn, anger forgotten. He still had frustrations and clearly revealed them to Hunter, making his point precisely known. He never apologized for the name-calling, which grated Hunter’s nerves a bit. But he knew Ben loved him in his own way and cared, more about his health than he did.

Even when Hunter attempted a bit of normalcy… returning to high school, hanging out with friends his own age and wanting to date a cute girl… Ben still was militant about instilling certain ground rules. They always had little to do with regular teenager rules, more about his medicines and staying conscious of his need to stay healthy. Even as much as reminding Hunter he had to protect others from himself.

Hunter never told Michael how Ben was reacting to the change. He figured a few things had kept Michael mum, as well. Hunter had first thought he was the cause of Ben’s eruptive reactions, but then he had seen a truly rockin’ bitch-n-moan fest between Michael and Ben. So he didn’t take Ben’s anger so personally anymore.

Hunter knew Michael loved Ben and would do just about anything for him. So… yeah, sometimes you took the bad with the good, to know that you would never be alone. Hunter understood the reasoning, because he still held a childlike affection for his mother. Knowing that, maybe, one day he would do a good deed and he could immediately join the running as Best Son Ever. Every one of his past fallacies forgotten.

But sometimes… Ben’s anger didn’t make sense… and figuring the reasoning out seemed more work than simply dealing with the outbursts.

One factor that always off-kiltered Ben’s zen-ness was Brian Kinney. Though the guy was a consummate, conceited asshole, there was something buried underneath the pent up bravado. Something tangible that nobody was patient enough to look for. Michael saw it, even Hunter knew of its existence. And Hunter only recognized the disguised bruised ego because he was headed down that same road.

Ben couldn’t see it. Wouldn’t see it. Refused to acknowledge it was there even when he saw it. He said a few words about it, but then acted as if he had been overlooked, puffing out his chest. He only saw Brian as one thing… evil. His enemy.

Hunter figured for a gay man who already dealt with his own judgments to hold a whole grocery list of prejudices to prejudge one individual that severely… then Ben must feel doubtful about his own character. Whether Brian held that much power or not, Hunter doubted as much. But if you allowed him to have the power… well, that was your own fault. Ben would never hear that from him.

A few times, Hunter recalled he had some pretty awful yelling matches with Ben concerning Brian Kinney. They didn’t start out about him, but eventually they slipped toward the direction of Brian and Michael and the rest was lost. Ben’s defensive tactics were flimsy and Hunter usually came to Brian’s defense. Ben didn’t think Hunter had known Brian long enough to make those claims, thinking he was mostly sticking up for Michael’s side. But what Ben never bothered to learn was that Hunter knew Brian best, because… it was him or it could be him in a another twenty years or so. Subsequently, Ben would become frustrated and walk away or suddenly change the subject, and not in a smooth manner.

Hunter realized too late that he had been in his own head for too long. He thought the people at the table would see this, as well. But they were caught up in their own dinner dialogue. Hunter hadn’t even taken a bite of his food, so he picked up his fork and began to dig in.

Michael caught his movement, sending a small smile his way. Letting the young man know he had seen the dazed look about him and diverted the conversation to more important topics.

Hunter shyly grinned, sipping at his drink and eyeballing Brian over his glass. Man… who would believe it, if Hunter told anybody that this table finally felt like it had a genuine “familial” feel about it? Just as a tease, he privately hoped Ben would call him, simply to see what kind of freak-a-zoid he could conjure up.

Hunter put down his glass, picked up his cloth napkin to spread across his lap. He allowed the conversation to mull around him.

“… have thirty days to comply and then I’ll review them again. Think of it as a Check-In Check-Up. You know, to see if they like the job… if they like, uh, me… and if they’re willing to hack it out for the long haul.” Michael wiped his napkin over his mouth, dishing out some more noodles for Jenny. He pushed the sauce dispenser next to her plate, allowing her to measure her own serving.

Brian shook his head, breaking off another slice of flatbread and dipping it in the leftover sauce on his plate. He wasn’t sure Michael wasn’t about to create a huge mess for himself. “I wish you had gone with that employment agency I told you about. I like that you sound enthusiastic and determined about the process yourself, but are you sure you’re not going overboard?”

Hunter grinned behind a good gulp of his soda. His eyes drifted to see Michael’s reaction. If that had come from Ben… that would have sparked a fire under one teeny, perturbed ass.

Jenny shimmied in her chair. “... Daddy says… sumtimes… ‘Excess is Success’.” She smiled at Brian, mimicking his own “face” toward her for being smart-alecky.

Michael nodded his head toward his faithful daughter. He knew she was only feeding his ego. “Thank you, honey.”

Brian snickered. “Sounds like that one you used to say… ‘recess is a suck-fest’… you sure you heard your father correctly?” He was only teasing, winking toward Michael.

Jenny paused, nodding her head. “... I hurd Daddy very well... an' ‘recess’ makes no sense wit' my words.”

Hunter laughed, food nearly going down the wrong windpipe.

Three heads turned toward him.

Hunter put up a hand, taking a quick sip of his drink. “... ‘m fine. Not choking.” He chopped down a hand in refusal. “Heimlich not needed.”

Subject changed, conversation went on.

Michael poured himself some more iced tea. “Did you ask Ted if he and Blake would--?”

Brian smacked his forehead and Jenny giggled, covering her mouth. “Sorry. Shit!” He muttered, sliding the hand over his tired face. “Nope… I didn’t.” He sounded as if he was berating himself, Michael didn’t need to make one effort. “I’ll corner him tomorrow. He took a long lunch… and that meeting was a disaster from the start. The rest of my afternoon was murder.”

Hunter chuckled. “But you had time to get an ugly-ass plant?”

Michael and Jenny couldn’t stop laughing behind their napkins over their mouths, looking toward Brian as Hunter made a poignant comment.

“He’s right, Brian. Ted obviously has a vicious threat upon your very existence.”

Brian feigned laughing along with everyone while he slouched in his chair, crossing a leg over his knee. Pretty soon he would want a beer.

Michael was already up to get one for Brian and himself.

“That…” Brian loosely gestured toward the window ledge the plant sat on. “… atrocity was left on my desk with a very cryptic message from Schmidt.”

Michael returned, handing Brian the long neck of one beer and picking up the salad bowls to head to the sink. “Now… tell this to me again -- why did Ted entrust this horrendous thing to you?”

Brian stopped the rim of the beer bottle just at his bottom lip. “Before… I told you in the kitchen…” Michael wasn’t catching on. “… while we were fixing dinner… the--” He stopped because Michael’s face wasn’t registering the moment.

“I wasn't paying attention.” Michael shrugged one shoulder. “I was putting dinner on the table.”

Hunter switched his eye line toward Brian, waiting for the explosive outburst… but it never came.

“I was right beside you. You looked right at me.” Brian picked up he and Jenny’s plates and followed Michael as he walked on by him. He placed them in the sink, starting the dishwater with citrus soapy foam.

“You always look at me when you talk. How am I supposed to know the difference?”

Hunter continued to watch Brian closely through the breakaway window seen from the dining room into the kitchen. Was Kinney actually donning rubber gloves to do… uh, dishes? Uhm…

Brian shook his head, his eyebrows raising in question. “Sometimes I wonder if you even know I’m in the room.”

As Michael walked on by Brian to slip more dishes and silverware in the water, he accidentally on purpose pinched him on his ass. “Oh… I know you are… tease…”

“Ow… Michael!” Brian pretended to be offended. “We have… company!” His wet hands tried to cover his delicate, now sore ass cheeks.

Jenny sat still in her seat, looking across at Hunter as he stared intently. “... don’ worry… there’s more.”

Hunter was momentarily stunned by Jenny’s words. “Huh… wha--?” He thought she meant more romantic, sexual gestures and actions between Brian and Michael.

Jenny pointed to Hunter’s dishing out of a fourth helping of noodles. “... do they feed you at yur house?”

Hunter stopped filling his plate. “Yeah… but it’s never this good.” He motioned for her to send him the sauce bowl.

Double entendres weren’t just for kids anymore.

~~TBC...