He’s What!?!

Drinks in the pub followed that evening. Even Owen joined them, which surprised them all – including Owen.

“First round’s on me,” Ianto guided the team to a corner table, before taking the drinks order. “You’re on soft drinks, Gwen.”

Returning with the drinks, Ianto found the team deep in conversation. He placed the tray of drinks on the table, then sat back and listened to his team. Even Owen was involved, which surprised Ianto, as he was normally extremely reserved around them.

The night was passing quickly. Everyone was getting a bit drunk – well, except for Gwen. It was approaching ten when Tosh and Gwen decided to leave. It had been a long day, and Gwen needed her rest after the Weevil attack.

“First night out with the team. Having fun?”

“Been to worse. So, what do you think about the young ladies getting married?”

“Well, Jack, I couldn’t be happier for them. They’ve been through a lot. They deserve to be happy.”

“And what about you, Ianto? Are you happy?”

At this point, Owen headed to the toilet. Neither Ianto nor Jack had noticed the signal he had received from a passing man. The conversation continued.

“Me, Jack? Am I happy?” Ianto paused, before meeting Jack’s eyes. “I am happy, but I know what would make me even happier.”

Blues eyes, darkened with lust, met. “And what would that be, Ianto?”

“You to agree to a date with me...”

“Oh.” Jack’s blush surprised Ianto. “Can you give me some time to decide?”

“Sure. Take all the time you need.” Ianto could tell by Jack’s reactions that his answer would be a “yes”.

“I’ve just got to... ” Jack muttered as he stood, heading to the gents’. Ianto watched him go, suddenly feeling very alone.

Jack entered the gents’ trembling slightly. Ianto’s comment had surprised him. He had thought Ianto just wanted to shag him to add a notch to his bedpost. But, he wanted a date, an actual date. And Jack knew he would agree to it.

He pushed the second door open, the sight before him breaking him from his reverie. Owen was on his knees, sucking greedily on a man’s cock. Jack hesitated, before hurrying back to their table. He looked flustered.

“Can we go now?” he asked Ianto.

“Why? Are you ok?”

“It’s Owen. He’s... he’s...”

“He’s what Jack?”

“He’s on his knees, sucking some guy off in the toilets.”

“Aah.”

“Aah what?”

“That explains where his extra money is coming from.”

“How?”

“He’s a rent boy.”

“He’s what!?!”

“A rent boy, Jack,” Ianto stated calmly. “Now just relax. He’s heading back.”

Jack tried to relax, to clear his mind of the sight he had seen. He thought about Ianto’s request for a date, moving closer to the young man as Owen returned.

“Drink anyone?” Owen asked.

Ianto glanced at Jack. “Two pints please, Owen. Thanks.”

As Owen headed to the bar, Jack placed his hand on Ianto’s. Ianto’s gaze had been fixed on Owen, wondering what to do about him. Ianto started slightly at the unexpected touch.

“You ok?”

“Yep. You just startled me slightly,” Ianto paused. “I wasn’t expecting this.” He indicated their joined hands.

“Yes.”

“Yes what?”

“Yes, I will go on a date with you.” Jack could not help but smile at Ianto’s reaction. The young man’s face up with delight. He leant forward, kissing Jack lightly.

“Thank you.”