An unintentional birthday surprise for my wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife's birthday was round the corner and I was short of ideas for a fantastic gift. Perfumes, sexy lingerie, dresses, chocolates, flowers, stuffed toys, jewelry, movies...all seemed so pass after 10 years of marriage. I was really getting a big headache thinking about how to please her. During lunch, my friend Jesse asked what was nibbling on my mind and I told him my dilemma. "Well, buy her a bottle of perfume and top it with a dinner." That sounded so lame. "How about a sensuous massage?" he suggested. What the fuck was a sensuous massage anyway? "Well," he said, "The masseuse comes to your house and gives your wife a sexy all body rub down...and you will also get some eye candy of watching a woman on woman massage...if you are lucky they might even finger each other."

The idea sounded hot but knowing my wife, she would be too shy in front of another person even if it were a woman. "It's okay. Just surprise her...and chances are she won't say no," Jesse egged me on. I thought I would chew on the idea and decide. One week to go and I still didn't have a better idea so I picked the yellow pages and looked for a masseuse. All the names sounded like dubious so I picked one which sounded the most civilized - Sweet Dreams Masseurs. I called them and booked a masseuse for my wife's big day. It cost me $150 but I thought it would be great.

Her birthday was on Thursday and I had planned to come home early. But last minute at work I got pulled in for a presentation to the Board of Directors. So I pulled Jesse aside and told him to call my wife and inform her about the "surprise". "Tell her," I said, "that your hubby has a surprise for you so whoever comes in, let them in and be hospitable. Tell her, we will go for dinner at eight and I will be home by then. And yeah, also tell her to not pay anything, it's all paid for." I would have called her myself but my boss tugged on my sleeve rather annoyingly and we went in. The presentation didn't take as long as I had thought it would and I was excited to be home in time to see her massage.

Then I realized that my silly friend's car was parked outside our house. Silly man, I thought, trust a nigger to never understand even simple instructions. He probably drove to my house to deliver the message. What an ass! There was no space in the garage thanks to Jesse's car so I had to park a bit further. Just as I was reversing in an available slot, I noticed another car move in my driveway. That must be the masseuse I thought. I had some trouble locking the car but by the time I walked back to my house the masseuse was no where to be seen. She must have gone inside already. Now I really wanted to surprise my wife as she must be expecting me at eight and it was only 6.30pm, so I smiled to myself and let myself in through the back door.

As I was sneaking my way to the living room, I heard a grunt. It sounded like Jesse and like he was in pain. I rushed forwarded and was greeted by the sight of Jesse's fat black cock buried deep inside my naked wife's hairy pussy. He was grunting like a breeding bull because his fat cock was spurting its nigger seed inside my wife's cunt. And she was orgasming together with him. Oh fuck. Jesus. What was this? My best buddy, my mate had just raped...well she didn't look like she was doing it without her consent...fucked my sweet innocent wife. Then I heard another voice, "So are you husband and wife done? May I come in now...you see I have another massage appointment at eight so I want to start as soon as possible." And then a face peeked in from the corridor. It was a jet black face - not a nigger like Jesse but more like a south Indian as was evident from the thick accent - and it was not a masseuse as I had "ordered" but a male masseur. He was grinning ear to ear at the sight of my wife's fat pussy still impaled on Jesse's huge black cock. Jesse didn't look too shocked at the sight of the intruder, "Cum on mate, don't be shy. If we are not shy, why should you be...and anyway, today is my lovely lady's birthday...I just gave her one present right here," he pointed at her pussy which was now gapping open and thick stream of white sperm was slowly leaking out what seemed to be not one present but a few million presents, "now's your turn."

The black Indian masseur stepped in. He was wearing track pants and a singlet; his big biceps were rippling under his shiny black skin with each movement. His smooth black face was adorned with a thick bushy moustache. And his teeth sparkled like diamonds each time he smiled. "Hi my name is Ramanathan, but you can call me Nathan. Sorry, I just came from another massage session," he apologized pointing to his sweaty clothes and body, "If you mind that, I will be happy to take a shower and if you don't mind that I can start the massage right away."

My wife was lying on the living room couch, covered in a sheen of perspiration from the fucking she had just got from Jesse. She was still in the throes of her slowly subsiding orgasm and seemed too weak to say anything. So she smiled. Taking that as an affirmative, Nathan moved forward and set up a small table. It was one of those aluminum stretchers like structures with a hard top and in minutes it was assembled. He padded it up with a cotton sheet and together with help from Jesse, hauled her over to the massage table. A thick dollop of Jesse's cum puddled on my expensive carpet.

Nathan pulled Jesse over to one corner, dangerously close to where I was sitting and hiding. I smelled musk and sperm and piss and sweat from the two men. Nathan asked Jesse, "Mr Lund, to what extent do you want me to massage her? The sensuous massage can get intimate sometimes. Are you okay with that?" Jesse roared in laughter, and his giant cock dangled like a pendulum. A small glob of his nigger cum landed on my lips and I wiped it clean with my tongue without realizing and was disgusted and excited at the same time. "I think she would love it if you made it really intimate right from the start...I would suggest that you stick you cock in her twat and then massage her tits. Maybe I will massage her tonsils with my cock at the same time. How does that sound?"

"That sounds awesome. Thank you for allowing me to fuck your wife because I an in urgent need to release my load from the previous sensuous massage where the lady became to inhibited in front of her husband...and I got blue balls," Nathan back-slapped Jesse like they were long lost brothers. My wife was still dazed and was squirming like she wanted some more fucking. Jesse returned to her and said, "Remember sweetie, this is your husband's way of rewarding your ten years of marriage. Nathan and I will now give you the second present together...be prepared for more fun." Then he slapped my wife's lovely cheeks with his obscene, baton shaped black meat. His cock hardened again. 

Nathan slipped out of his clothes in a jiffy and pulled on his already hard uncut black Indian cock. He pulled the foreskin back to reveal a deep purple cock head the size of an apple. That was huge. I had this sudden urge to see it up close and so I moved a little closer. Then he lowered the massage table so that her cunt was straight at his cock level and rubbed his purple cock head up and down the already slick pussy lips of my wife's cunt and entered without any restriction - Jesse had already widened the pussy enough and Nathan's humongous cock had no problems entering the long passageway of my wife's cunt. I thought the cunt will not be able to take all of his 12-inches of black meat but Nathan only stopped when his curly bushy pubic hair mashed against my wife's pussy mane. His big blue-black crinkly balls slapped hard against her ass each time he fucked her.

Once his cock was fully impaled in, Nathan started slowly massaging her twin globes. His black shiny hands of her creamy white tits were a contrast and highly erotic. He slowly tweaked her nipples and she moaned in pleasure and pain. With each tweak, Nathan pulled out his cock - all the way till her pussy was only an empty hole - and then plunged in all the way. He only massaged her love tunnel (with his black cock muscles) and her tits (with his strong ebony hands). From time to time, he also pulled her long pussy hair and she screamed in pain and pleasure of it all. Then he started massaging her sensitive clit with his thick calloused hands. My wife started wiggling under his touch like a fish without water. And soon came with a jittery shudder.

Jesse's back was towards me but I could see that he had slowly started fucking my wife's virgin mouth. The bitch never sucked my cock but was now happily slurping on his fat cock like it was a licorice Popsicle. Her tongue naked all around his big cock head and licked his piss slit to lap up all his sticky precum. Then she slithered her tongue under his foreskin to slurp some more. Her hand had cupped his meaty scrotum lovingly and was scratching his balls with her nails slowly as if to urge him to produce more sperm.

Nathan was only concentrating on massaging her cunt tunnel with his massive cock and he was doing a good job as her pussy was stretched to its maximum and clung to his sticky cock each time he pulled out. There was no pretence of any massage at all. The two black cocks were pounding my wife from both her ends and she was enjoying it to the full free with the thought that this was planned and paid for by me - her husband. Just then, the clock chimed eight times, and Jesse told Nathan to finish off quickly. There was no need to say that as just at the last chime, Nathan pulled out completely from my wife's battered pussy and aimed his cock at her large pussy...a long shot of thick stringy cum landed straight inside the hungry open mouth of my wife's pussy. A second one followed suit and Nathan plunged all the way in to spurt seven more shots of tangy smelly Indian sperm inside my wife's pussy bareback and all. Jesse too blasted his black balls' cum in my wife's mouth as she smacked her lips and swallowed every single drop of his black cum.

After that it all happened in a jiffy. Nathan slipped his clothes on and Jesse was dressed before you could say "Dress". Before they left together, Jesse kissed my wife's sperm coated lips and said, "Happy birthday sweetheart. If you ever want another present, just call your husband's office and ask for Jesse. I will be here each time he is stuck in a meeting. And he won't mind because I am his present to you for this whole year." Wife kissed him back and said, "Thanks. I must tell him that this is the best present he has ever planned for me."

Dejected and depressed, I walked out the same way I had come in, drove my car to my porch and entered like I had no clue about what just happened.

The lights had been switched off. So I consoled myself that at least we will just forget all this and move on with our lives the way before. But then I heard my wife's sweet sexy voice, "Come here, tiger. You thought only you can surprise me...here I got a present for you in my hot box...come, darling, come soon, I need some loving from your tongue...there is so much fresh cream for you that you will soon be craving for more..." And then she pushed my head to her sperm-filled spunked and creampied pussy. 

The End.