The Trailer Park: The Fifth Year: Part 2: Music and Lyrics
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2008 by Wizard

Chapter 21

"TONY SIMS. PLEASE COME TO THE OFFICE."

Fuck! There is no way.

Mrs. Conners shot me a dirty look but didn't say anything as I closed my notebook. We were getting ready for a team debate, and I'd been jotting down ideas.

"ROBBIE TATE. PLEASE COME TO THE OFFICE."

Robbie grinned at me. "Maybe my little sister got into a fight too." Darlene was a month-and-a-half younger than Robbie.

"Maybe tomorrow you'll stay for the entire class," Mrs. Conners said dryly.

"The way things are going, I may not make it at all."

"Think Wa-say's ganging up on us again?" Robbie asked when we were out in the hall.

"Don't know, don't care. I'm going to think pleasant thoughts as long as I can."

"What?"

"Tami and me on a beach all by ourselves this summer."

"No road trip?"

I grinned. "You can drop us off, then pick us up on the way back."

We turned into the office. Melissa Bates was alone in the office. Instead of standing at the counter buffing her nails, she was sitting at the spare desk with her magazine in one hand and twirling a lock of hair with the other.

"You're supposed to go in there," she said, pointing at the conference room.

I held the gate for Robbie, and we walked toward the door.

"Wa-say," I sighed. "After yesterday, I don't know how much I can take." Traci's x-rays were clear, but as predicted, the phone call to Mom wasn't fun. It took almost an hour to convince her that Traci would be okay and she didn't have to jump on the first plane. The call to dad was less intense but not much better. I knew it wasn't my fault, but I still couldn't help feel I'd let them down.

"Maybe I'd better do the talking," Robbie suggested.

"Yeah, you're more concise," I said sarcastically, reminding her of a comment she'd made last month.

"True," she said, opening the door.

I considered a comment about three thousandths of a point but decided there was already one black-and-blue Sims.

We expected Spaulding, Kennedy, and Rosen from WSAA, but we got three boys and a girl about our own age sitting at the conference table. If Robbie was surprised, she didn't show it. "Hi, I'm Robbie Tate, and this is Tony Sims.

The boys stood. "Hi, I'm Billy Polaski," the tallest said holding out his hand to Robbie, then me. "This is Kyle Landers and Jake Liu." The two boys also shook hands. "And this is Marsha Zwicker."

"The devil," I said leaning across the table to shake hands with the seated girl. Robbie looked surprised. "The play contest," I explained, and she made the connection.

"You were the devil," I accused the girl.

Marsha smiled. "Most of my teachers didn't think playing the devil was much of a stretch. I'm surprised you recognized me, with all that make-up?"

I smiled. "You were excellent. I've watched the DVD twice." About a week after the banquet, we got a package from the foundation with six DVDs. One for each of the finalist plays. None of them had copyright warnings, so I used my computer to make copies for all of us. If they'd had copyright warnings, I probably would have made the copies anyway.

"Kyle was in it, too. He was one of my demons."

I was glad I hadn't added a comment about the rest of the cast not being up to her standards.

"We came to see you ... and ... uh..." Billy stammered. "We're from Lake," he admitted. I was surprised. I'm sure that the schools were identified in the beginning titles and end credits, but I hadn't paid any attention.

Robbie and I exchanged looks.

"Kyle, Jake, and I are on the baseball team. Marsha plays softball."

"Okay," Robbie said.

"We want to play ball."

Robbie looked at me, and I knew the ball was in my court. It was nice to know that she trusted me to be the spokesman. Of course that trust would only last as long as I said what she wanted said. "Why aren't you in school?"

"We cut. We wanted to talk to you."

"So this was your idea?" Robbie asked.

"Mostly," Billy said. "My dad and I talked about it."

I was glad I hadn't jumped to a conclusion. Spaulding from WSAA had assumed that teenagers couldn't make their own decisions and I almost followed in his footsteps, thinking their principal or athletic director had sent them.

"What do you want us to do?" Robbie asked, sitting down across from them. The boys sat and I followed suit.

"You're supposed to be our first game. Our first league game. We want you to play," Billy said.

"We heard about your team last year," Jake added. "You're the team to beat."

"We want our chance," Kyle finished.

"The problem is Coach Rich..." I said.

"He's the problem," Billy agreed. "I know he's a sexist."

"And a fascist," Kyle added. "I played JV football my freshman year, but not the last three 'cause I didn't want to play for him.

"And a pervert," Marsha added.

"But we're stuck with him," Billy finished. "The school board won't do anything."

"We're trying to make a point," I said.

"You've made it. But the fact is, Rich could care less if a few basketball games get canceled. Or baseball, softball, whatever. And he figures it will all blow over, over the summer. The ones who care are the players. We want to play ball."

When Billy finished, Marsha stood up and leaned across the table. "Look, we've got a pretty decent school. Most of the teachers are cool, and we've got good coaches in all our other sports. How come we're getting punished for one fucking jerk."

I looked at Robbie and had a feeling that she was thinking the same thing I was.

"It's your call," she said finally. "I just wanted to tackle the S.O.B. and take out both his knees."

I looked back at Billy and offered him my hand. "We'd be happy to come to Lake and teach you how to play baseball."

"In your dreams," he said, shaking it.

"No, it's going to be your nightmare."

"If it's any consolation, my dad's brought up Coach Rich at three different school board meetings. It gets tabled every time," Billy said.

"Other people have brought it up too. Every meeting since you guys walked out on us." Kyle added.

"My dad's going to try again at the meeting in two weeks."

"Um." I looked at Robbie. She had a look on her face that said somebody should be afraid. Very afraid. "Does your dad really want the board to fire Rich?"

"Maybe not fire him, but a letter of reprimand or something."

Robbie grinned. "I think that can be arranged."

'Now what?' I wondered as I shook hands with the delegation. And was it going to get me suspended again?

Tuesday was Traci's fight. Yesterday the Lake delegation ambushed us. I wondered what was left for today and tomorrow as I looked around the crowded cafeteria. Mikee and Tami were sitting on either side of me. Both were sipping the soup. I figured if they were still upright a minute from now, I'd have a taste. Chicken noodle was one of my favorites.

Robbie and Darlene walked up with their trays, giggling about 'him'. I didn't know who him was and wasn't sure I wanted to. "Ladies," I greeted as they sat down. Peter hadn't eaten with us since his fight with Traci, though I'd told Mikee to let him know he was welcome.

"What are you two doing Friday?" I asked.

"That's tomorrow," Darlene said. I nodded that it was. "The usual."

I knew she'd been going out with Tyler Brock, but didn't know what the usual was.

"I thought I might catch a movie with ... someone." Robbie added.

I wondered if someone was related to him.

"You are both invited to a party."

"A party?" Darlene echoed.

"Nice you could give us so much notice," Robbie added.

I bowed in my seat, then tried the soup. It was excellent.

"Whose party?" Darlene asked. "I hadn't heard anything." As one of the cheerleaders she usually did.

"Traci's. I'm giving it for her."

"I thought you were mad at her?" Robbie said.

"Nope, she's mad at me. Big difference."

"And you think a party will help?"

"It's not a bribe, if that's what you're thinking. She made me proud Tuesday. I owe it to her."

Robbie nodded.

I looked straight at her. "She really doesn't like you, but I have to invite you. It's at your house."

Robbie had just taken a sip of her Coke. It came back through her nose as she snorted. "My house!" she exclaimed as she wiped her face with a napkin.

"Mine isn't big enough for a big party," I said innocently. "I cleared it with your dad, but he said I HAD to invite you."

Darlene, Tami, and Mikee were trying hard not to giggle as Robbie glared.

"I wouldn't come to one of your parties if you paid me," Robbie said finally. "But I'll come for Traci. I'm proud of her too. Though I would have turned the creep into a eunuch."

"Where's Kelly?"

Traci wandered through the living room, picked up a magazine, looked at the cover, then dropped it. "She has a date with Charley Rositer."

"What about Ann?" I managed to ask without making a face.

"She went out with Coleton Reeves." Traci made a face and I guessed she didn't like Ann's boy of the week.

"So Friday night and nothing to do?"

"I guess."

"Good!" I said and climbed out of Dad's chair. "You can help me."

"Doing what?"

"I have to pick up some stuff at Robbie's house."

"I don't..."

"You've been sitting around since you got home from school. Get your coat."

"Okay," she mumbled. Since she and Kelly got back to being friends, she'd forgotten she wasn't talking to me. But she hadn't forgotten she was mad.

"What's going on?" she asked when we pulled up at Robbie's a few minutes later. The house was brightly lit and music pounded at us.

"Some kind of party. Let's go."

We walked in, and Traci quickly recognized most of the guests. About twenty middle schoolers were hanging out in Robbie's big living room, more in the dining room. On the stage I'd put together that afternoon in the dining room, Robbie and Unrehearsed were performing one of Britney Spears' songs.

"What... ? Traci mumbled as she realized that almost everyone was from the middle school.

I pulled her through to the dining room. The group was just finishing the song, so I jumped up on the front of the stage. "LADIES!" I yelled and in a few seconds, the whole gymnastics team materialized in front of the stage. I looked at Trace, "Aren't you part of this team?"

Looking confused, she walked over and stood next to Kelly.

Robbie handed me a microphone. "Peoples," I said and listened as my voice echoed through the house. Slowly everyone moved into the dining room. "Most of you have probably heard that the gymnastics team took third in districts."

There was scattered unenthusiastic applause.

"Some of you may think that's not very good, but remember, last year we were the only new team in the district. We lost every meet. And only through superior coaching did we manage to squeeze out fifth place at districts."

Kelly blew me a raspberry.

"This year, we won two."

"And tied one," Suzie yelled.

"And tied one," I said making a face.

The team laughed, but everyone else looked confused.

"Then went on to take third in the district meet."

"Through superior coaching," Suzie yelled.

I took a small bow. "Your third place on their way to being a championship gymnastics team," I yelled spreading my arms to encompass the team.

This time, the applause was loud and long.

"At districts, every one of these girls had some of their best scores of the whole season," I continued after the applause died down. "And for everyone to peak at the same time is a special thing."

A little more applause.

"Two of the girls, went a little further. Cheyenne, come on up."

Cheyenne turned pink but stepped onto the stage, then turned, facing the crowd.

"Before she met me, she could barely do a cartwheel. Ladies and gentlemen, the DISTRICT all-around champion, Cheyenne Morris!" I leaned down and kissed her, and the pink turned bright red.

"At the meet, for the first time in competition, Cheyenne did a double back. And it was the best one I've ever seen in all my years of coaching."

"All one of them," Kelly yelled.

"Kiss him again," some boy yelled.

Cheyenne, who'd almost gotten back to her normal color, turned red again, but put her arms around my neck and kissed me again for several seconds.

"Wow!" I said when she pulled away. "Guys, if she already has a boyfriend, put your name on the waiting list."

Cheyenne, still beet red, escaped to the team.

"One more gymnast to mention, ladies, gentlemen and seventh graders, the two thousand and six district vaulting champion, Traci Sims!"

Traci looked stunned, though she had to know it was coming. Kelly gave her a push toward the stage, and she stepped up.

I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "And that's all she's getting," I said and got a big laugh.

"This party is about heroes. These are your gymnastic heroes, but we also have three real-life heroes. Three guys who rescued my sister Tuesday. Mike Hayward, Doug Reiner and Charley Rositer. Guys."

The three guys came up, and I shook their hands. "Trace, I think you owe these guys something special."

Traci managed to turn redder than Cheyenne had, but gave each one a long kiss.

"That's enough," Kelly yelled after Traci's kiss with Charley lasted about ten seconds.

"Enough talk," I yelled. "Let's party!"

"I still hate you," Traci said softly.

"Can't blame you."


Chapter 22

I woke up when Tami elbowed me in the stomach. I opened my eyes. She was still asleep in my arms but had shifted position. Her head shared my pillow with mine. Right now she was facing away from me, so that all I could see was hair and an ear, but that was enough. Besides, it was a beautiful ear. I could stay like this forever, just watching that ear and feeling Tami's gentle breathing.

Forever or until five o'clock when Mom and Dad were supposed to get home. I glanced at my clock on the night stand. It was just after ten. Forever or seven hours, whichever came first.

I heard Traci moving around the trailer and smiled. The party Friday night had been great, though I felt like a hypocrite considering the number of couples that I shooed away from the bedrooms. And the one couple I didn't, Kelly and Charlie Rossiter. But the party had done what it was supposed to, it got Traci almost back to herself. She spent most of it laughing and dancing.

And when people kept asking her to sing with the band, it was almost like, "Peter who?"

Robbie's dad hadn't come home until the party was breaking up. He looked around, clicked his tongue a couple times, shook his head, but didn't say anything. Yesterday, I was up at the crack of dawn, even though it was a Saturday, and over at Robbie's house cleaning the mess. It was amazing the amount of trash that forty middle schoolers could make. Then I disassembled the stage and stored it in the utility building out behind the chicken coop.

Robbie came downstairs just as I was getting ready to leave. She looked around with half-closed eyes, mumbled something, and headed for the kitchen. I grinned and took off. I spent the rest of the day at the gym. We were hosting a big meet, and besides helping Gary with the team, I was a general go-fer.

The meet had three sessions, and our team was in the second one at two. The meet went great. Our level eights took first and our level sevens took second, though Kelly and Cheyenne tied for first all-around, something that neither of them was happy about. We had nines and tens too. They did good, but we didn't have enough to make a team score.

It was fun, but I didn't get out of the gym until after ten. I collected Tami, and we took a short walk, short because I was beat, then we came home. Tami's mom had, accommodatingly, gone to a concert in Seattle with friends, so I had my Little Mustang all to myself.

And I could stare at her ear forever.

My doorknob turned. "Tony, are you awa... ?" Traci asked quietly before realizing I wasn't alone. "Oh, I'm..."

"It's okay," I said. Traci had turned red. You'd think the number of times she'd caught me with Tami, it wouldn't get to her anymore. "I'll be out in a second."

Traci nodded and quietly closed my door.

I wondered if I installed a lock on my door, if Mom would consider it a violation of her discreet rule.

Tami was between me and the floor, so I started to crawl over her, pausing to kiss that beautiful ear. As my feet hit the floor Tami moaned and rolled, over so I took the opportunity to kiss her other ear.

I dressed quickly, made a quick pit stop, then went to find Traci. She was in the kitchen creating havoc. Trace was turning into a pretty good cook, but she could dirty six bowls, three forks, a whisk, and four plates just making scrambled eggs.

I watched her for a second and didn't have a clue what her finished product was going to be. My stomach growled, reminding me that I hadn't eaten since five o'clock yesterday and then only some nachos. I didn't want to get into Traci's production line, so I snagged a bowl, some milk, and a box of Cocoa Krispies.

I was half done when Trace came out to the table, her plate loaded with eggs benedict, hash browns, and sausage. She sat down and started eating, her eyes wandering between her plate and me. "Can I talk to you?" she asked finally.

"You're my favorite sister. Anytime," I said, setting down my spoon and lifting my bowl to drink the last of my milk.

"I'm your only sister."

"That we know about." I set my bowl down. "It occurs to me that maybe Mom was more adventurous than we gave her credit for."

Traci made a face, and I knew she was entertaining the thought I did my best to avoid: that my parents may have actually had sex and maybe not just with each other.

"I wanted ... uh ... that is ... I..."

It was always fun when Traci couldn't get the words out. I considered letting her plod on but only had a few more hours with my sleeping beauty. "Trace, you know, and I know, that you've decided to ask me something that you think is awkward or embarrassing or a combination of both. We also both know that eventually you'll spit it out, so why not save the stammering and just ask."

Traci glared. I grinned.

Traci looked down at her half-eaten breakfast. "Why'd you make me vault?" she asked so quietly that I almost didn't catch it.

It was a hell of a question.

I ignored her for a minute while I got up and took my bowl to the kitchen. I rinsed it out and put it into the dishwasher. I tried not to look at the rest of the kitchen. I came back and laid my hands on Traci's shoulders. I could see her in the reflection of the picture window. "You want an answer that'll make you feel better or the truth?"

Traci took a bite of her eggs, then said "Both."

"I made you vault because I'm you're big brother and I could."

Traci turned her head and looked up at me. "That's supposed to make me feel better?"

I gave her shoulders a squeeze then moved around the table to my seat. "It's simple. It's expected. It's the stereotype."

Traci cocked her head as she stared at me. "And what's the truth?"

"Do you remember when Tami was mad at me?"

"Which time?" she asked more glibly than was necessary.

"The first time. In seventh grade, when she thought I was messing around with Paula."

Traci nodded. "Did you? You and Paula, I mean. Ann thought..."

"Not going there," I said firmly. "The point is, Tami thought something happened. She was mad, and she wouldn't talk to me." And she's listening right now, I thought, as I noticed some movement in the utility room that connected the kitchen to the hall.

"I remember," Traci said and shoveled some more eggs into her mouth.

"It really threw me. I mean, I didn't realize that I loved her yet, but she was still special to me. She was more than just a girl, she was a friend. A friend that wouldn't give me a chance to explain. A friend who was hurting. A friend who felt betrayed."

"I remember," Traci repeated softly.

"It threw my whole life out of whack. It happened on a Thursday, and I was lucky there was no school that Friday 'cause my GPA probably would have taken a huge hit. I know my baseball did. I played probably the worst game of my life. Hell, the coach pulled me from the second game. I sat on the bench. I hadn't sat out a whole ... anyway, like I said, it threw my whole life out of whack."

"I know how you felt."

I nodded. "My whole weekend was just ... unfocused. I couldn't do anything. Couldn't concentrate on anything. Then that Monday, something happened that helped. That made me focus."

"What?"

"This little brat I knew came up and asked me, in an annoying sing-song kind of voice, if I'd had a fight with my girlfriend. I hit her. I hit her as hard as I could."

I waited for Traci to make the connection. It didn't take long.

"I remember that," she said loudly, getting mad all over again. "I was just..."

"You were teasing and you just chose a bad time to do it."

"I..."

"That's not the point. The point is, I reacted in a way that wasn't me. In a way that I felt bad about. You made me focus on the problem, and you weren't it."

Traci got over her mad and nodded.

"After that, I went over and had my say to Tami. We didn't talk, but I said what I wanted to say, and she heard it. It made me feel better. It was a couple of months before we got back together, but at least I wasn't a basket case. I lived my life and wished her well. But I lived my life."

"What's that got to do with vaulting?"

"I figured it was safer than letting you hit me. All those push-ups have made you pretty strong."

"I don't get it."

"When I decided to make you vault, I figured one of two things would happen. I figured your natural competitor would come out, and you'd do great and really help the team."

"Or?"

"Or you'd mess up big time, and I would come down on you hard, which you did and I did. Then you put all your mad into your vault instead of hitting your poor defenseless brother."

Traci glared for a minute, but I looked back neutrally. "What if it hadn't worked?" she asked finally.

"I would have looked like I was being a jerk to my sister, and you would have kept moping."

"I wasn't that bad."

I waited.

"Well, maybe."

I figured there was one more step, but it would take awhile, so I stood up, picked up her plate, and went into the kitchen and started cleaning up. Traci got up and stood at one end, watching.

"After you hit me, you went over and talked to Tami?"

I nodded as I rinsed all the dishes Traci had used to make her breakfast.

"Do you think I should talk to Peter?"

I put the dishes in the dishwasher, added soap, and closed it. "I think it all comes down to do you have something to say? With Tami, there were some unsaid things I had to get out. You had a talk with Peter. That's what started this whole thing. Is there more to say?"

"I think so."

I turned on the dishwasher and turned to face my sister. "Then I think you need to talk to Peter. Or maybe, like Tami, talk at him."

"What if he won't... ?"

"If you want to talk to him, I can get him here. I can't make him listen, but I can make him hear you."

"Thanks, I..." Traci turned and started walking away.

"Traci." She stopped but didn't turn. "I think what you had with Peter was special. No one knows if you'll ever have it again."

"That makes everything better," Traci said with just that gentle hint of sarcasm that I'd come to know and love.

"I'll bet if you tried, you could name a dozen grown-ups who just go through the motions. They go to work, they go home. They drink a few beers, or something stronger, then they go to sleep and start all over again. Day after day after day. They're the people who lost something and gave up. They never tried again."

"I guess."

Damn, I wasn't getting through.

"Like Mr. Ramsey?" she said after a second, still not turning to face me.

"Exactly like Mr. Ramsey." Ramsey had lived in our neighborhood when we lived in California. He worked at some kind of plant all day, then went to a bar for three or four beers, then home for a couple more. A year before we moved, he went in his garage, sat in his car, turned it on, and used the remote to close the garage door.

Traci nodded, and I watched as she walked away through the living room.

"You know..." a soft voice said behind me. I turned and saw Tami there, dressed in one of my t-shirts and nothing else. "If I had a brother, I'd want him to be just like you."

I grinned. "If I was your brother, what we're going to do in about five minutes would be a sin."

Tami smiled coyly, "Some people think it's a sin anyway."

"Just the ones who aren't doing it."


Chapter 23

Robbie rushed in just as we were finishing the speed round of the day. I think Mrs. Conners was picking on me 'cause my topics were women shouldn't be allowed to serve in the military and women are too emotional to be president, especially once a month. Robbie nodded to Mrs. Conners but didn't offer any explanation.

Robbie's got a wonderful face. It can be almost miraculously expressive when she sings or acts or as stoic as any Easter Island monolith when she's keeping her own counsel. Right now she was playing monolith. Except for her dancing eyes. That told me that something was up. The glance she gave me as she sat down said I wasn't going to like it.

Mr. Reed walked in while Mrs. Conners was assigning topics for our team debates on Thursday. We got the con side of government services of illegal aliens, which should be easy. When she'd finished, Mrs. Conners looked at Mr. Reed.

He smiled. "I was wondering if I could borrow Mr. Sims for a few minutes.

Mrs. Conners looked at me and smiled at the expression on my face. "I'm not sure he wants to be borrowed."

"If I spend much more time in the office during this period, I may not pass," I complained.

"Just give him half of Tami's participation," Reed suggested with a chuckle. "He doesn't have opinions until she gives them to him anyway."

I felt my cheeks burn as Mrs. Conners grinned and nodded toward the door. I ignored the laughter behind me as I left.

I'd managed to get rid of Parker. Maybe it was time to start working on Mr. Reed.

We walked down the hall and into the office without comment, and he flicked a finger toward the open door of the conference room. "In there." He hesitated and then added, "Tony, I expect you to be polite, but you don't have to stay any longer than you want to."

I sighed. "Wa-say again?"

"Not this time." He walked over to the mail area and started checking his slot.

I walked in, not knowing what to expect. A woman was sitting at the table with her back to me. "Hi, I'm Tony," I said. She turned in her chair, and I realized it was Allie's mom. Now I realized why Mr. Reed had said to be polite: he knew we had a history. I walked around the table and sat down opposite her.

"Tony," she acknowledged.

"Mrs. Schmidt," I said and waited. It was her dime.

"I talked to Roberta. She said you make these decisions." Robbie was letting me make decisions? That explained the gleam in her eye. I wondered if it was because Allie's mom called her Roberta or other reasons.

"What decisions?"

"As I'm sure you know," she said, preening, "I am the chairman of the county historical society."

I knew that, but wasn't going to make it easier for her. Allie still wouldn't talk to her after the way she'd felt betrayed during the cheating incident. "I didn't even know we had a historical society. You never hear about them. They must not do anything."

Allie's mom looked annoyed, which suited me just fine.

"We do plenty. Teenagers don't bother reading the newspaper and knowing what's going on around town."

For someone who wanted a favor, she had a funny way of going about it. "Actually, I read the paper at least three times a week. I never miss Tami Sharp's column. She's a teenager you know."

"That's beside the point."

Ever notice that when someone says something is beside the point, it's because they don't want to acknowledge the point you just made? "So, what's the point?"

"I know you're a friend of Alison's. As chairman, I thought I would give you the opportunity to let you and your friends perform at our benefit." Translation: we need somebody popular.

"Gee, that's swell," I said with a straight face. "But we're just kids. We wouldn't want to ruin anything."

"I'll be supervising you to make sure that nothing goes wrong."

Like that's going to happen. "What's the benefit for?" I asked to change the subject while I decided how to handle this.

"The Sugarman house."

"That monstrosity!"

Mrs. Schmidt looked pained. "The house is an historical as well as architectural landmark and should be preserved. Though I can't expect someone as young as you to recognize that."

Damn funny way of asking for a favor.

"And just how is it historical?" This could be fun.

Mrs. Schmidt sniffed disdainfully. "I would have thought they'd teach you that in school. Cyrus Sugarman built the house for himself and his new bride when he was assigned to command the garrison here."

"And that makes it historical?"

"He was an important figure in our history."

I grinned. "Cyrus Sugarman was a colonel who was assigned here shortly after the Civil War because the War Department couldn't fire him. His father was a U.S. Senator and his uncle an influential presidential advisor. They figured he would do the least amount of harm up here."

"Really!"

"Yes, really. His one claim to fame is attempting to invade British Columbia at a time when we weren't at war with Canada and having his four troops routed by three Mounties and a pair of Indian scouts."

The look on her face told me she was aware of the colonel's history and didn't have anything significant to add. I decided to rub salt in the wound. "Of course the house does have some REAL historical significance."

I leaned back in my chair, interlaced my fingers and tried to look satisfied. "During World War Two, it was the largest cat house in the Northwest. Soldiers, sailors, and shipbuilders came from all over. Great morale booster."

Mrs. Schmidt sniffed again. "I'm not surprised you know that bit of trivia. Men are all alike."

I wondered if she'd be surprised that I learned it from Robbie.

Mrs. Schmidt's scowl turned into a smile. I could almost see the wheels turning in her head as she decided that you can catch more flies with honey, etc, etc. "About the benefit, we were thinking..."

"Just out of curiosity, how is it architecturally significant?"

"It's unique," she said as if it was obvious.

I nodded. It was that. "Just because something's unique, doesn't make it significant. Or worthy of saving," I pointed out.

The look she gave me made it obvious that Mrs. Schmidt was of the "children should be seen and not heard" school of philosophy.

"Then you're not interested," she said, standing.

"I didn't say that. When and where were you planning your benefit?"

Mrs. Schmidt sat back down. "Friday. We wanted to do it at the Sugarman estate if the weather's nice, or the Elk's ballroom if it looks like rain."

"Friday! That's not much time. Why the rush?"

"The city council is planning to discuss the Sugarman property at a special meeting next Tuesday. They own it. We thought this would put some pressure on them as well as raise money for the preservation of the estate."

Something about next Tuesday tugged at the back of my head, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Mrs. Schmidt was droning on, but I tuned her out. Why would I know something about a city council meeting next Tuesday? Where would I have heard about it? Then it hit me. Proofing Tami's column. The city wanted to build a youth recreation center. And now I knew where.

So it came down to doing a benefit to preserve something that would be better off knocked to the ground and preventing something the area desperately needed.

I held up my hand to stop her speech. "We'll do it," I said smiling.

"That's wonderful. We just need you and your group for four or five songs. We already have the Youth Chorale and the City Orchestia."

Oh, boy. "We'll go last. Definitely three songs and maybe four."

"Okay," she said, looking at me a little suspiciously.

"I sure hope the weather cooperates."

Mrs. Schmidt nodded as she stood. "Uh, just let us know what you need."

"I'll do that." I looked down at the table, then snagged a yellow legal pad from the center. I ignored her and started making notes. After a minute she left. I had the perfect songs for Traci, Robbie, and me.

Now if Sally or her brother could write one about cat houses in three days.

Maybe I could watch Best Little Whorehouse in Texas again and steal one of theirs.


Chapter 24

"Nobody out, man on first!" I shouted, then tossed the baseball in the air and smacked it toward Elvis Carson, who was playing first. The freshman snagged it on one bounce, spun, and raced toward first, tagging it easily.

He looked at me, tossing the baseball up and down and grinning like he'd just been named Rookie of the Year in the American League.

"Great play," I yelled. Impossibly, his grin got bigger. "We now have a man in scoring position with only one out." His face fell. "I know Mr. Hollowell mentioned getting the lead runner at least once or twice last year." He'd better have. I taught him.

"Yeah, lard butt," yelled the freshman on the pitcher's mound, Danny something.

"Guess what, lard butt junior." Danny looked around until he realized I was yelling at him. "Guess who was supposed to be sprinting to cover first if Elvis had thrown to second like he was supposed to?"

Danny looked like he wanted to argue but thought better of it. "Take a lap," I yelled. I looked at my reserves over by the third base dugout. "Jason, take the mound."

"I'm not a pitcher," Jason said walking to the base line but not crossing.

"And if I ask you to pitch, you can remind me of that."

Jason ran to the mound.

"Freshmen," I muttered under my breath. "Let's try that play again." And again. And again. "Okay, time out," I said finally.

I looked over at the batting cage. "Coach, can I borrow Robbie, Ricky, and Jake for a minute?"

Coach Calloway nodded, though Robbie already had a batting helmet on and looked like she was next.

"Infield in," I yelled while the three trotted over. "You, too," I added when the reserves didn't move. "The problem is you're throwing the ball to where people are instead of where they're going to be." I explained when they were gathered around me. "Watch."

Ricky had taken position by first, and Jake was on the mound. Robbie, still wearing a batting helmet, was playing second. "Nobody out, man on first," I yelled and hit a hard one bouncer about fifteen feet to Ricky's right. Ricky charged forward, snagged the ball and without appearing to look, fired it to second. Robbie took the throw about a foot behind second, stepped forward onto the bag, and fired to Jake's waiting glove on first.

"And that, guys, would be a double play in any league." I nodded to my friends, and they jogged back to the batting cages. "If you want to play varsity," like that's going to happen with this crew, "you have to throw the ball where it needs to be and trust that the other player will know where he's supposed to be and take the catch."

I gave them a few seconds to let it sink in. "Now, anything wrong with the play they just ran?"

The boys in front of me looked around at each other. Finally Danny whatever raised his hand.

"Lard butt junior," I acknowledged.

Danny turned red. "Shouldn't the shortstop take the throw at second?"

I held my hand out to him. "Junior, there may be hope for you yet. Normally, the shortstop would take the throw from first unless he was playing deep or out of position for some reason. But you noticed that Robbie didn't hesitate. She knew there was no short, so she played it. Any questions?"

Most of them shook their heads, but one kid -- I couldn't remember his name -- raised his hand. I nodded.

"Have any of us got a chance?"

'No way in hell, ' I thought but smiled. "Everybody's got a chance. Coach Calloway makes everybody try out and then picks his squad. It doesn't matter if you're a senior or a freshman. If you already played three years of varsity or never picked up a glove before today. Ricky made it as a freshman. So did Robbie and me."

"You're not trying out," Jason said, then looked surprised that the words had come out of his mouth.

"I will. Since Coach Saxon, the JV coach, couldn't be here today, the coach will have some of last year's varsity helping out. He's over there at the batting cage, but you'd better believe he knows what's going on over here too. It's only Monday. We've got four more days after this. Okay, you and you, first and second..." I started moving my reserves onto the field.

"Sit! Stay! Quiet!" Tami pushed me into dad's chair while the others grinned.

"I'm glad to see you finally figured out how to handle him," Robbie said while Darlene and Allie giggled.

"I'm glad you think so," Tami said. "Sit! Stay! Quiet!" she commanded as she pushed Robbie back onto the sofa. Robbie looked stunned. Tami looked satisfied. The rest tried to keep their faces neutral while they figured out where the nearest fallout shelter was.

Tami ignored Robbie's look and checked out the room. "Where's Peter?"

"I told him we were getting together, but he wasn't interested," Mikee explained.

"Tony, fetch!"

"I thought I was supposed to sit."

When I saw the determined look in her eye, I jumped up and headed for the door.

I knocked, and Peter opened the door. "What... ?" From the look on his face, he wasn't happy to see me.

"We're having a meeting. It has something to do with the play. Tami asked me to get you."

"I don't think..."

"Whatever there is between you and Traci, or between you and me, you were and ARE a member of the play committee. The committee is meeting, though I don't know why. And Tami has always been your friend, and she asked me to ask you to come."

He didn't look convinced, so I played my trump. "Once upon a time, I did you a big favor. Now I'm asking you to do me one. Forget about Traci or me and just come be part of the group.

Peter looked embarrassed. "I, uh, I've got something on the stove. I'll be there in a minute."

"Good enough." I closed the door and left.

"He'll be here in a minute," I reported when I got back. 'I hope, ' I added to myself. Mikee and Tracy both looked surprised.

It was almost a minute exactly when there was a knock on the door. Susie opened it and let Peter in. Peter's eyes scanned the room, and he looked embarrassed when they lighted on Traci and his younger sister. "I, uh..."

"Good, you're here," Tami said, gliding across the room and putting her arm around his shoulders. "We couldn't start without you."

"Start what?" Robbie asked.

"We have a big problem," Tami announced after she got Peter settled between Darlene and Allie. Allie wasn't part of the committee but had been hanging with Darlene after school.

"How could we have a big problem? The play's over. Hell, we've already spent the money," Robbie complained. The committee had voted to spend our share of the prize money on a memorial plaque for Zoe. It had been Tami's idea, and the decision was unanimous. I'd sent Zoe's mom pictures of the bronze plaque and the dedication ceremony two weeks ago. "Since they changed the dates, we have almost a year before the next one."

"That may not be enough time," Tami said flatly. I was pretty sure I looked confused. I know everyone else did. "The problem is, you people watch too much television."

If I'd looked confused before, I must be positively slack-jawed now.

"I..." "What..." "How..." "Are..." "We..." Everybody tried to talk at once until Tami held up her hand for silence.

"This weekend," Tami focused on me, "Tony watched an old Steve Martin movie, Leap of Faith. He got inspired and thinks he should write a play where he can be a smarmy evangelist. I think it's a great idea."

Robbie looked disgusted for some reason.

"But..." Tami added, "Also watching the idiot box this weekend, Robbie saw an old Henry Fonda/Joanne Woodward western, A Big Hand for the Little Lady. Robbie thought it could be a great play, mostly 'cause she wants to play the little lady. And she's right. It could be a great play."

I thought about it. She was right. It was perfect since it mostly took place in one or two rooms. We could make it work, and Robbie would be perfect.

"To make matters worse, they're both thinking right now that the other one has a great idea.

I exchanged looks with Robbie, and we both grinned. Tami knew us too well.

"They both could be great plays, either straight or as musicals. We could spend a whole year arguing about which one is better."

She got that right. In my head, I could see both.

"But it's worse than that," Tami said. "Someone else was watching the boob tube. Personally, not being one of the two top students in the junior class, I was doing homework."

Someone else? I looked around, and since Traci was doing a great imitation of Rudolf's nose it wasn't hard to guess. Tami was looking straight at her to make it easy for everyone.

"Someone else watched an old movie on TV, a musical, and figured we could change and modernize it and it would be perfect. But since I made the mistake of telling that person that her brother, I mean another group member already had an idea, that someone else has decided not to say anything even though it's the best idea of the three."

"I thought, I meaIsathisolmovand itwoulbgreifroband tamperfandjkjesflagulernvunireqnv." Traci mumbled turning even redder.

I was pretty sure there were seven or eight distinct sentences in there and she'd managed to spit it all out in about two-and-a-half seconds.

"If anyone got that, I can get them a job as director of translations at the U.N." I suggested.

Traci shot me a dirty look. "I said I saw an old movie this weekend. While I was watching I thought it would be a good one for our group." Traci took a deep breath. "It's already a musical and the songs are pretty good. When I was watching, I thought Tami would be great as Rosemary. And Robbie would be perfect as Hedy."

I tried to remember a musical with a Rosemary and a Hedy and came up blank.

"Then I thought about changing it and it would be even better," Traci added.

"Does this musical have a name?" Robbie asked with just a hint of sarcasm.

Traci ignored the sarcastic tone. "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying."

It took me just a second to remember the Robert Morse classic.

"But I thought maybe Tony could change it and we could do How to Succeed in Politics Without Really Trying."

I looked at Robbie. She nodded instantly, then stood. "All in favor of Traci's play?"

The ayes had it.


Chapter 25

"So, ya finished act one yet?"

I turned and stared at Robbie. "Are you... ?"

"Heads Up!" the coach shouted and smacked the ball in a line drive shot right over second base. I was off-balance but dove anyway, feeling the satisfying thunk of a ball hitting the pocket just before I hit the dirt. Hard. With zero air in my lungs, I still managed a feeble backhand toward Robbie. She snagged the ball and zinged it to Ricky at first. The freshmen who'd been on the base was halfway to second and couldn't get back in time.

"Good play," Coach Calloway yelled. "But if you'd been paying attention, you wouldn't have had to kill yourself to make it." That was one of the things I loved about the coach: his compassion. "Tyler, try short. Mark, take second. Robbie, see if you can get him off the field."

I managed to get to my knees by myself, but was happy to have Robbie help me the rest of the way up. We walked toward the foul line, her arm around my back and my arm across her shoulders. By the time we were off the field, I was halfway sure I wouldn't need an iron lung.

I grabbed a bottle of water off the bench, drank half in a gulp, and poured the rest over my head. Robbie looked like she considered an all-wet comment but decided against it. "Act one?" I asked, shaking my head.

She smiled.

"We just decided on the play last night," I reminded her.

"It's not like it's an original." Robbie smiled even bigger. "You're just adapting."

For just a second I wondered where I could bury the body. Then I bowed. "Madame Director, I know you want to win this time, but as your playwright, I plan to watch the movie a couple times, then let it percolate for awhile. I don't even plan to put pen to paper until at least May."

"You don't use a pen. You type on your computer."

Now it was my turn to smile, evilly I hoped. "You know, the only drawback to putting you over my knee and spanking you right here, is that outfit of yours already has the freshmen worked up. Any more and they wouldn't be able to catch a ball."

Robbie wiggled her butt in the black cutoffs she was wearing. Her red bikini top left even less to the imagination. "If the freshmen are the only ones I'm working up, I may have to enter a nunnery."

"Tony, go."

"Every last one of them," I said smugly. It was debate and speed round, and Mrs. Conners had just asked if the news media was biased.

"I thought you liked Fox News," Tami said, surprised. "Are they biased?"

"Definitely."

"The news isn't biased," Janet Blake said from across the circle. "Next you'll be blaming the Jewish influence."

"The Tri-Lateral Commission, actually."

Mrs. Conners tried hard not to smile, but I think she liked my sense of humor. "Tony, elaborate."

I leaned back in my chair, interlacing my fingers behind my head and stretching my legs out in front of me. "Two examples and I think my point is made. The Daily Planet has two spaces left for stories, one on the front page and one on page thirty. Two stories come in. One is an earthquake in Samoa. The other is a charity drive in Chicago. Perry White puts the earthquake on the front page 'cause he's biased against Chicago."

"That's not bias," Janet protested. "That's..."

"That's journalism one-oh-one. He picked the story he thought was more important, but it's still bias. His readers may be tired of earthquakes and not give a hoot about Samoa but be very charity minded."

"True," Mrs. Conners said, turning to Janet. "We all have biases. If you have a hamburger for lunch instead of a hot dog, your bias is showing."

"But that's not what you meant when you asked him about bias," Janet complained.

I ignored the interruption. "My second example. A lot of people think Rudy Giuliani and John McCain are going to run for president. At the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson likes Giuliani and can't stand McCain. He has space for one more story on page one, he runs a blurb about Giuliani cutting a ribbon on a new highway instead of McCain opening a new prison."

"Yeah, but..."

"I think we'll give this point to Tony," Mrs. Conners said, cutting her off. Janet pouted.

"The Daily Planet and the Daily Bugle?" Tami said as I sat up normally.

"I wanted journalistic integrity."

"I thought we'd have a little fun today."

I looked at Coach Calloway suspiciously. We hadn't had any fun at tryouts my freshman or sophomore years. And definitely not when I tried to redshirt in the eighth grade.

"As of today," the coach continued, "only two of you have made varsity. Robbie Tate and Tony Sims."

"What about me?" his son protested.

"Bobble another ball at first and you'll be lucky to make the middle school team," his dad said with a grin. Yesterday had been a disaster for Ricky.

"As I was saying, Robbie and Tony have already made the team since they won't be here tomorrow. So, we're going to have some fun. We're going to have a scrimmage game, and Robbie and Tony will be captains."

Robbie stood. "Better give Tony's team a couple of runs to start, just to keep it interesting." The coach smiled as I stood.

He pulled a fifty-cent piece out of his pocket. "Winner chooses. Home team or first draft pick." He nodded at Robbie then tossed the coin high in the air.

"Hea ... Tails!"

The coach caught the coin and slapped it down on the top of his left hand. He took his other hand away, and a shiny eagle looked up at us.

"I'll take first pick and take Ricky, though if he screws up, not even the middle school will take him."

Ricky pretended to cringe, then stood and walked over to Robbie. I knew a pitcher was my first priority, so I grabbed Jake Fraser. It took almost six minutes to split the group. When we finished I had nineteen and Robbie had twenty.

The coach had put on shin guards and a chest protector and was holding a face mask. He called us over. "I know you have way too many kids, but bat them all and work 'em in and out as much as possible. If you need to call time to switch a couple, go ahead."

We nodded and headed for our dugouts to organize. Since I was home team, we had the field first. I decided to put freshmen out first, then rotate in more experienced players as they made mistakes. Except I put Jake on the mound. Robbie had grabbed Tyler Morse, the other varsity pitcher from last year, and I just didn't trust any of the others.

Robbie was her own lead-off batter. She tossed me a big grin before she stepped into the batter's box and took a couple swings. I had a feeling that if my team won this was just a scrimmage, but if we lost I'd never hear the end of it.

Jake threw a curve to start. Robbie brought the bat down in front of her, her hand on the barrel, and laid down a perfect bunt. The ball rolled toward third just a few inches from the foul line, and my third baseman watched it roll.

Jake ran over, picked up the ball, and side-armed it to first, but Robbie was already camped on the base.

"Lard butt junior out, Elvis take third," I yelled. Danny Whatever-his-name slumped off the field as Elvis ran out to the field. I motioned Danny to me. "What'd you do wrong?"

"I should have moved in when she squared to bunt," he mumbled.

"Bingo. Watch the game. Think about what the third baseman should be doing on every play. You'll go back in after a couple outs."

Danny grinned, relieved that he wasn't out for good.

Robbie stole second on the first pitch, and I pulled my center fielder who hadn't been ready to back up the play if the catcher had tried to throw her out. I would have pulled my catcher too, but getting gear on and off took too long.

Robbie stole third before Tim Kreline, one of her freshmen, got a weak one bouncer. It should have been an easy out, but my shortstop hesitated. That left Robbie at home laughing at me and put Tim on first.

It was going to be a long afternoon.

Her team had scored five before we got our first out, but the next two outs came quickly. I hadn't planned to bat myself. I changed my mind when I saw Robbie on the mound and decided to lead off.

I stepped into the box, and Robbie and I glared at each other for several seconds. She threw a fastball that was belt high but a little inside.

"Strike one!" Coach Calloway yelled. I turned and gave him my best where's-your-glasses look.

I looked back at Robbie. She licked her finger and chalked up an imaginary point in the air, then she wound up and fired another pitch in exactly the same spot.

"Strike two!"

I shook my head and swung the bat while holding it against my stomach. Robbie chalked up another imaginary point. I took a couple of practice swings for inside pitches, then grinned at her.

Robbie wound up and fired a shot right to the low outside corner where I'd known she was going. I swung and connected with a satisfying thunk. The ball sailed over the head of the startled center fielder and bounced against the fence. I sprinted for first, blowing my redhead a kiss as I rounded the bag and headed for second. I probably could have made third, but I stopped on second and bowed to the pitcher's mound.

Robbie looked disgusted, called time, and changed her entire outfield.

"Hit the showers!" the coach yelled two-and-a-half hours later.

Robbie, Ricky, and I walked over to him while the rest headed for the locker room.

"So who won?" Robbie asked as the coach pulled off gear. I don't know about her, but I hadn't kept track. I was too busy trying to get everyone in and out.

"I can't count that high," the coach muttered with a shake of his head. I think we were pretty close, but both our scores were probably in the teens, maybe even the twenties.

"Should I head for the middle school tomorrow?" Ricky asked his dad.

"Ask your coach," Coach Calloway said and nodded toward Robbie as he unstrapped his shin guards.

"No middle school for you," Robbie said and clapped him on the back. "You've got JV written all over you," she added mischievously and jogged toward the school.

I grabbed a fast shower, dressed, and headed for the stage. Mr. Reed was letting us use it to practice for tomorrow. Everybody else was already there, including Robbie, who looked like she was ready for a Cosmo Girl photo shoot. How the hell did she do it?

We practiced till nine, which gave us time to run through all the songs four or five times. I had three, Robbie two and Traci one, then we all had the finale.

"Think Allie will catch hell after we're done?" Tami asked as she laid her head on my shoulder while we walked around the park.

"From what I've heard, she hasn't said more than a dozen words to her mother since last year. It can't get much worse."

Tami lifted her head and looked at me. "And you call other people naive."

I shrugged. "If it does, Darlene gets a roommate."
