 Andrea woke up with a start.  She was covered in sweat and sore all over.  She hated these dreams she had been having for the past month.  They had the same theme to them every time. She would be in her bed and get woken up by three men tying her up and raping her, and she always wakes up just as they start to use her rougher. She knew it was only a dream as nothing was left in her room, and she always woke up in the middle. At least she was pretty sure it was a dream. It was bothering her quite a bit, and she had spoken to a doctor about it. He had told her it was a sign of her inner self wanting to feel the raw excitement of sex she had not been getting for over a year, since she had broken up with her boyfriend. She knew she was pretty, not in a model kind of way, but very attractive none the less. Her red hair touched her ass, her breasts were small b cup at best, but she had very long and sensitive nipples. She kept herself in very good shape, with a slender figure that wasn't thin. She was very pale skinned with bright green eyes. She knew she should get a new boyfriend, that would help get rid of her dreams. She always loved the attention she got when she had worn her lace and silk bra and panties for her old boyfriend. Well no help for it, she did have to get back to writing her book. 

Her eyes adjust just as they grab her. She tries to scream as she feels the first cock being forced into her mouth. She feels her arms pulled up as her bra and panties are pulled off. Her body is thrashing as she tries to fight, but the three of them are so strong. She starts to gag as his cock slowly pushes into her throat. she doesn't hear much sound as her ears start roaring. she wants to get away from these monsters, but the only hold her tighter. Then she hears the first words, the tone deep and dark. You remember how we like it don't you. Her mind freezes in fear as the sound of the voice chills her. Her legs are drawn apart. She feels the touch of a tongue slipping into her as her head is lifted and slid slowly up and down the cock. Her body starts to respond as her oversensitive nipples are touched and teased. Her mind gets fuzzy as her vision darkens some. 

Andrea jumps up from her bed, eyes wide as she shakes in reaction. God what is wrong with me, why can't I fight these dreams. She once again searches her bed for any signs of reality to her dreams. Anything other than the evidence of her tossing and turning and rubbing herself. Her sore body showing some redness from where she had rubbed herself. Oh please god, make these dreams go away. I know I need someone, but I can't keep doing this. She begins to cry once more as she gets in the shower and starts her day yet again. She goes to her computer and adds this latest dream to her book. Her doctor told her to write it down and see if that helped her work through it. At first she had started writing to make her feel better, now she was determined to make it an erotic book that showed how a woman could beat any odds. She had quite a few chapters already written. She knew she could beat this, as she had beaten every other challenge in her life.

It was a hot night and she had gone to bed naked, trying to beat the heat. She tries to stretch as she wakes up and realizes her hands are tied behind her and she is being lifted up. Her eyes fly open just as she is lowered down onto one of the three men. She cries out a little as his thick cock slowly pushes all the way into her small pussy. She groans out in pain and pleasure as her body reacts to the feeling she has craved. she starts bucking some as she tries to move away from him. her head is lifted as a cock is pushed slowly into her mouth. Her eyes filling with tears as she orgasms hard for the first time in a year. She feels so ashamed and dirty. She feels the third man sliding in behind her, spreading her ass cheeks and slowly pushing into her anally. Crying out as he slips his arms around her, playing with her nipples. Her mind overloading at the feeling of being taken and raped in all her holes by the three men. She tries to fight the feeling in her ass as she orgasms again, even harder than the first time. She can't help but want that more than anything. She had done anal once, and had craved it like an addiction ever since.

Her eyes fly open, grabbing a pillow she throws it in anger. She is upset that the dream stopped this time. It was filling her secret fetish of being taken anally. Then she breaks down and cries, realizing that she was wanting the rape dreams. What was wrong with her, was she losing her mind. Getting up, she gets her shower and gets dressed. Getting into her car, she drives off to her doctors for her appointment. She goes into the room and sits nervously as the doctor looks over his notes. Well Andrea, I think we can say that your dreams are not subsiding and are only getting stronger. The only thing I can think to try at this point would be a mild hypnosis therapy. After that I am afraid we may have to go to a regiment of narcotics that will let you sleep, but keep your mind in a state that you don't dream. It is not the healthiest option, but if the hypnosis fails, we will have no choice. Thanking him, she heads back to her car. Happy for the first time in a while, now that the doctor says there is at least one thing that will work on her dreams she heads home. 

Unlocking her door, Andrea stares at the TV. She didn't remember leaving it on. Walking over to it, she sees a note. picking it up, she reads it. "Thanks for all the fun toy. Can't wait till tonight for to enjoy your again." She drops the note as she realizes the movie playing is of her being raped by the three men. Dropping to her knees, she stares at the last one. Her crying as she is raped in all three holes at once. But...but...but... it was only a dream. Sitting there, she stares at the hand picking up the remote and shutting it off. Then she hears the deep voice again. I said we couldn't wait for tonight. Her head turns as all three pick her up and her vision goes dark once again.


