A New Career
by storyguy

Chapter 17

For a while Shannon just stared at Craig's cock, still wondering if it would fit into her. "Go on, make him hard again," Annie encouraged. Shannon, although she wouldn't admit it even to herself, liked playing with Craig's boyhood, so climbed up on the bed and took his limp cock in her hand. As she had done before, she leaned down, opened her mouth, and guided his limp cock into it. 

As she leaned down, her pussy protruded between her legs and with her back towards him it gave Craig quite a view. Shannon couldn't see Craig's hand slide down, then it rose up to her pussy. As soon as he touched it, Shannon snapped up and her jaw dropped. "He's just gonna rub you. Let him. It will feel good," Annie suggested. 

Shannon looked at her, paused, then relented and leaned back down. Craig's hand found her pussy again and he started gently running up and down, easily sliding along her now well lubricated slit. Shannon, with his cock still in her mouth, smiled. Annie had been right. He was doing what she did to herself, but it felt different somehow. Without realizing it she parted her legs a bit giving him better access to her treasure. 

Annie could see Craig starting to get hard as Shannon sucked him. She also noticed Shannon's pussy getting shinier, indicating she was getting turned on. "You ready to try, Shannon?" Annie asked. Shannon sat up with Craig's hand still rubbing her. She looked at Annie, but said nothing. "Craig, move so she can lay down," suggested Annie. Craig sat up and moved to the opposite edge of the bed from where Shannon was kneeling. Still Shannon said nothing nor did she move. "Well?" Annie urged. 

Shannon looked nervous, but stretched out on her back on the bed... with her legs together. "Spread your legs apart," Annie told her. Shannon moved her feet about a foot apart, keeping her legs straight. "No, bend your knees," Annie instructed. Shannon, still not getting it, drew her feet up so her knees were bent, but up in the air. "Move your feet apart more," Annie said and Shannon complied. "Now, don't move, but lay your knees down as flat as you can," instructed Annie. 

Shannon did as she was told and her face turned red as she exposed her pussy for all to see. "Like this?" she questioned, still embarrassed. 

"Of course. How else is he going to be able to put his thing in?" Annie answered, slightly exasperated. Even though nervous, Shannon's pussy was still slick with her juices. "OK, Craig, put your thing in her." Slowly and still a bit uneasy himself, Craig crawled over Shannon's leg and positioned himself between them and Annie whispered something to him. 

Shannon was suddenly unsure, even though it was only a minute or two ago she was ready. At first Craig just pressed down against her. She could feel his hard cock sandwiched between them and, in the position she was in now, was completely open to his onslaught. He stayed still for a moment, then his hips began moving. The still cock between them began to slide down and slip between her lower lips, sliding along her slit. 

As nervous as she was, Shannon's body began to respond. Her hips pushed up, increasing the pressure of his cock. "You ready?" Annie asked and Shannon nodded without any thought. "Craig, push in," Annie said softly. 

Craig lifted and reached down, aiming his cock. Shannon felt his cockhead at her virgin opening. Suddenly Craig pushed into her, burying himself as deeply as he could. "Ow! It hurts! Take it out!" Shannon yelped. 

"No, don't move, Craig. Shannon, it will feel better in a minute. If he moves now it will just hurt more," Annie ordered. 

"But it hurts!" Shannon pleaded. She tried moving, but even the slightest movement she made seemed to hurt more and with Craig on top of her, there was no way for her to escape. "Please!" she begged. 

"Wait. It will stop hurting soon. I promise," encouraged Annie. "Don't move until it feels better, then start moving. You'll love it. It's the best feeling ever." 

Shannon stopped protesting, feeling Annie would get angry if she did and she had just watched Annie have the same thing happen to her. Within a few moments, as promised, the hurt began to weaken. Shannon stayed still though, fearing the stabbing pain would start again if she did move. 

Craig, oblivious to Shannon's pain, stayed still for a while, but that familiar warm, moist feeling surrounding his cock was distracting him. Unwilling to stay still any longer, he started moving ever so slightly. 

Shannon held her breath. Annie told her to stay still until it felt better. She was, but Craig was moving and she expected more of the knife-like feelings in her pussy. That didn't happen and she began to cautiously breathe again. She felt stuffed, but it really didn't hurt more. Craig began moving more, but the hurt didn't come back. 

It surprised her when it started to feel good. He was pulling out some, then pushing back in. Still amazed his big cock was fitting in her tiny hole, Shannon began concentrating on the feelings he was producing inside her. It was like when she played with herself, but different too. She could actually feel him inside her body. 

Although spread as wide as she could, Shannon tried to push her legs apart more. That special tingling feeling was growing inside her even if she wasn't touching herself. The cock inside her was doing it. All the hurt was gone, but the stuffed feeling remained and seemed, in a sense, strangely pleasurable to her. 

The sensations in her pussy were getting stronger and more intense. Shannon already knew what masturbation felt like, but this was far beyond that. Her chest heaved as she gasped for air. Her body was being consumed with the fire of sex. Craig was madly pumping his cock into her, drawing out what was going to be an overwhelming orgasm. Everything was out of her control. 

The moment arrived and Shannon held her breath as her body exploded in erotic pleasure. Her world was centered on her pussy. She forced herself to breath when her mind began to fade. Craig slammed into her, driving her ass into the mattress. She could feel his cock almost vibrate as he momentarily stopped moving, then began banging into her again. 

Once more her mind started to fade. Fortunately Craig began to slow down and eventually stopped moving. He lay on top of her with his dick still impaling her pussy. As her mind revived, she realized how spent her body was. After a few moments Craig rolled off of her. Her legs were still splayed, but she didn't have the strength to close them. Shannon knew her pussy was in full display, but somehow it didn't matter. 

"What did you think?" Annie asked. Although it took a moment, the words took on meaning in her brain and Shannon blushed. She had just been fucked by Craig and Annie had watched. It was something girls weren't supposed to do at all, especially in front of another. "You're dribbling," Annie chuckled, making Shannon aware Craig's cum was now flowing out of her. 

"I gotta go to the bathroom," Shannon mumbled as she stood and rushed out of the room. 

"Did you like it?" Annie asked Craig. 

"Sure, but it wasn't you. You're a lot better," he answered, making Annie smile. 

Shannon came back into the room. Even with all that had just happened, she felt awkward being completely naked in front of the others, so her hands folded in front of her pussy trying unsuccessfully to cover herself a bit, and her face flushed. 

"Shannon, come here," Annie called to her. Shannon moved to where she was standing in front of Annie and Craig was sitting next to her on the bed. Annie reached out and touched Shannon's chest making her blush again. "I think your boobs are starting to grow!" Annie commented. 

"Really?" Shannon gushed, looking down at her breast and Annie's hand fondling it. 

"Yes. It's poking out more than it was a while back. See? You can tell it's getting bigger. Craig, see what you think," Annie answered. 

Shannon watched as Craig's hand went to her chest and he too began fondling her other breast. Shannon, now distracted, let her hands fall away from her pussy. Her eyes went from Annie's hand to Craig's hand. "Yeah... I can feel something," Craig commented. 

A big smile came over Shannon's face, even though both a girl and a boy were rubbing her chest. Annie leaned in towards Shannon's ear. "Want more boob growing stuff from Craig?" Shannon grinned as she turned toward Annie and nodded. "Your front is probably a little sore. Want him in your mouth or butt?" Annie whispered. 

Shannon pondered the question a bit. The thought of growing boobs almost engulfed her. She really didn't like his cock in her mouth though. "My butt, I guess," she whispered to Annie. 

Annie leaned over to Craig and whispered, "Wanna do her in the butt?" Craig, naturally, nodded enthusiastically. "Shannon, climb up on the bed and stick your butt up," Annie suggested. She slowly complied. Once into position, Annie grabbed the cream on her bedside table, scooped up a generous finger full, then began rubbing it on Shannon's asshole. Shannon blushed, but the others didn't notice. Annie took another glob of cream on her finger, then pushed into Shannon. "Remember, relax back there and it won't hurt," she reminded Shannon. 

Annie moved out of the way and Craig positioned himself behind Shannon. His cock was already hard again. He grabbed his stiff member, aimed it, and was ready to push forward when Annie blurted, "Stop!" Craig froze and looked over at her. "I wanna do it," she giggled as she wrapped her hand around his cock. Annie carefully aimed it at Shannon's puckered rear opening. "Remember, relax," she once again reminded her, then told Craig, "Push, but go slow." 

Shannon braced herself knowing what was going to happen. She winced slightly as Craig's cock pierced her ass, plunging into her belly from behind. It hurt, but it didn't seem as bad as the first time and she knew the hurt would pass. Getting her boobs to grow was well worth the price. 

As expected, the initial pain quickly subsided and something new happened. Shannon found she liked Craig's cock inside her body. Her pussy, still sensitive from getting fucked for the first time, was experiencing strange, pleasurable sensations. It was almost like when she played with herself, but different. Her body was responding. That tingling sensation was starting. 

Even though her whole body was being jarred every time Craig lunged forward, slamming into her ass as his cock stabbed into her belly, Shannon wanted more. She arched her back, jutting her ass out more for him to talk. There was no embarrassment now. Her body was seeking out the wonderful sensations Craig was producing. There was no hurt either. The cock in her asshole was somehow drawing out feelings she never experienced before. 

Shannon held her breath as an orgasm took control of her. Craig was slamming into her at a rapid pace now, but she didn't care. She heard a grunt emit from his body, then felt his cock pulsating, which spurred on her climax. 

Too soon he began to slow down and eventually stopped. Shannon's head was still on the mattress and her ass up in the air as her orgasm ebbed and began to fade. Craig pulled away from her, dragging his cock out of her ass. She collapsed down on the bed, face down, as her legs stretched back. 

Shannon was exhausted. She felt wetness coming out of her ravaged rear opening and knew he had sprayed his cum inside her. She clamped her ass cheeks together trying to hold his cum in her body, hoping it would be enough to help her boobs grow more. 

