My eye squints open to stare at the clock, 09:12, way too early for a Saturday morning so I turn back over and fall back into a restless sleep. Again I look at the clock 10:07, still too early, once again I fall back into a restless sleep.  Erotic dreams fill my slumber and keep me in that state between wake and sleep.  My eyes open and look at the clock again; it is now 11:53 and there is no getting back to sleep.  I begin to wipe away the fog of slumber and try and awaken.  It is a bright and sunny Saturday morning and all is well with the world, but upon regaining consciousness I realize something is not normal this Saturday morning.  There is a dull ache in my leg muscles, my jaw, and a feeling of bruised yet emptiness in my nether regions.  It took a moment for it all to come back to me; I had lost my virginity last night.
Let me step back and explain things to you.  A little more than a year ago I was a typical Alpha male, my wife was a typical submissive wife; I work, she stays home to take care of the house and children.  Things were pretty routine and mundane; our sex life was in a stall, so I asked friends how I could change this. Things changed for us after some advice I was given.  A couple of friends suggested changing things up, try changing the dynamic they told me, start with small things they said, change the way you two interact on a small level I was told.  Ok, so how to do this I asked? Go buy a pair of panties for yourself and surprise her with them; tell her you want to try wearing them I was told.  Not exactly what I was expecting, but I thought what the hell; if it brings back the spark I will give it a try.
So I did. We were at the mall a couple of days later and I decided I might as well give it a try, so I headed off to a department store and clumsily bought 2 pair of panties.  Never having bought womens underwear before I had absolutely no clue what I was doing, but thankfully I ended up with one pair that fit.  The feeling was nice, weird but nice.  After several hours of wearing them I let her know by just putting her hand on them while we were driving home from another store.  It was then that Jordan, my other self, came into existence.
Through a lot of trial and error, a lot of arguments and loving, we finally found a happy medium between her desire to be dominated, my desire to dominate her, and my desire to be my other self. She took me to shop for panties, night gowns, and other intimates.  She bought me dresses and shoes.  Though she was not comfortable with a lot of it she wanted me to be happy.   Finally, after a year of back and forth of what she was comfortable with, last night happened.
We had been talking for a few weeks about her constant desire to be a slut for me and have some strange.  To be taken and used by another guy, a long running and sometimes fulfilled desire of hers.  We both love it when she has someone else over to just ravage her and use her.  To me there is nothing hotter than watching her get fucked and used as a total slut, and cleaning up afterwards, and of course having my way with her once he is gone. The sight of her supple lips wrapped around another mans cock, the smell of her arousal, the look on her face when he first pushes into her pussy is intoxicating to me.  I cannot explain why, but I get a perverse pleasure out of watching her being used by another man for his pleasure.  The look on her face when I hold her legs open for him to fuck her deep is so beautiful to me.  And add to it the reward of cleaning her pussy up after he is done with her is such a turn on to me.
The last week she had been prodding me to find someone for both her and Jordan; I knew she was not comfortable with me being fully dressed, and definitely not with makeup and a wig.  However, she was pushing to find someone who wanted those things.  I kept pushing back about it; yet, secretly wishing it would happen just so I could be fully dressed.  Finally last night I relented to someone she had found for us both. 
She had me shower and shave, picked out a nice blouse and skirt combo.  She picked out my panties, pantyhose, bra, cami, and shoes.  She did my makeup, fixed my wig on me, and made me look like a true sissy slut for her date.  He was coming over to have me help get him hard and fuck her like there was no tomorrow, and have me clean up afterwards.  I was in heaven, sitting at my desk, dressed in pretty things, and waiting on someone to come fuck my wife.  Then the text came in, he was not coming over.  Figures.  Such is my life.
I was happy at being able to be fully dressed and made up, even for a short time.  I was about to go get undressed and cleaned up when she told me to wait, she had someone else, someone better in mind, someone who was not sure about coming over, but she wanted to talk to him.  So there I sat, at my computer, in a skirt and blouse and high heels.  Well one things leads to another, and my blouse and skirt and cami are gone and I am sitting in a night gown, still all made up.  Another guy is coming over.  At this point my mind is reeling.  Here I sit, all made up, wearing a short nightgown, panties, stockings, high heels, and a bra; knowing nothing about who is coming over.  Not exactly my comfort level, yet I allow it to continue.
Gentleman messages her; she goes out to meet him and brings him into the bedroom.  He begins immediately, not a word to me, he just shoves his tongue into her mouth.  After a couple of minutes of tasting her tonsils he orders me to remove his shirt, which I dutifully do, exposing a sculpted chest and nice tattoos. After removing his shirt I take my seat at their side while he resumes kissing my wife and roughly playing with her dripping pussy through her panties.  The smell of her arousal is unmistakable, I know she wants him, and not so strangely, so do I.  
I sit and watching him pawing at her, kissing her, fingering her pussy and I am so very turned on, yet oddly I am not physically reacting.  I did not realize exactly what state of mind I was in until he unzipped his pants and forced my hand into his underwear.  At that point, touching his hard cock, being fully dressed, watching my wife being manhandled by him, and not being hard myself, I truly slipped into a sissy slut role.  Realizing this made it very easy for him to push me down onto his cock.  It felt so good sliding past my lips and into my throat.  I do not even remember how we made it from standing up with his cock in my mouth to laying on the bed, but we ended up there with my wife and I both sharing his cock between both of our hungry mouths.
We spent a considerable amount of time licking, kissing, and sucking on him.  The thrill of watching her take him all the way down her throat was such an incredible turn on.  I only wished I could do the same, but never having done it before I could only get about  of him in my mouth.  What I could get into my mouth was so exciting, here I was sucking a nice, hard cock, oh my god it was great.  Then it was over, he pulled out of our mouths and decided it was time to mount her.  He pushed my wife onto her back and proceeded to mount her, taking her pussy. The look on her face when he first pushed in was priceless.
For the next fifteen minutes I was treated to watching him saw in and out of her pussy with vigor.  Our Victorian bed creaking and groaning under the stain of his trusts. Her face contorted with each and every orgasm he brought her to, and they were plentiful.   I held her leg up so he could plunge deeper into her pussy, hoping he could bottom out and hit her cervix which she loves.  After a long hard fuck his breathing, the look on his face, and his body language said he was about to unleash a load into my bride, and I could not be happier.
Three minutes later we are all laying back on the bed, I can see my wifes pussy leaking his copious amount of cum. I really want to dive in and suck it all up, but he is busy talking with both of us and slowly fingering her full hole.  I watch as he pulls 2 fingers of pussy juice and cum out of her and wipes it on her breast, thinking he will tell me to lick it up, but no, he devours it.  Finally after some talking he tells us to clean him up.  So I eagerly start cleaning his semi hard cock off, tasting my wifes pussy and his cum at once, and it was divine.  When I moved to clean up what he left on my wifes breast he pulled my pantyhose and panties down in one motion and asked my wife for the lube.  Of course she gave it to him without question.  
Next thing I knew I had 2 fingers in my ass, a cock in my hand, and my wifes nipple in my mouth.  At this point I knew there was no turning back, but I was still worried about what was to come.  After having three anal orgasms on his fingers, and making a bit of a mess in my panties, he told me to go clean up.  At this point I was thinking he was done.  Nope!  I was then instructed to finish cleaning out my wifes pussy. I went at this with the fervor of a man dying of thirst in the desert because I love the taste of cum on her pussy.  Then it happened.
I was sucking her pussy out when he took me.  I tried to pull away at first, but he grabbed my hips and pulled me onto him.  It was not the cold plastic of a toy, or even the semi-hard unyielding of a dildo, it was a real live cock pushing its way into me.  My eyes pleaded with my wife for a minute while she only looked back at me with a smile.  This was it, I was getting fucked.   I could no longer clean out her pussy, I could barely stay on my knees, I had to prop my upper body on my wife while I was taken.  I was truly a sissy!  I was getting fucked!  The feeling was beyond description.  

So now as I lay here this morning, remembering last night, I know why the soreness, the discomfort, and the restlessness are good things.  Jordan, my other self, is a cock slut for the men my wife brings around to fuck her.  I will, as always, clean her up, but now I will service them as well.  I am no longer a virgin and I love that fact.  

This work is copyrighted under the Breene Convention and author maintains sole rights to the story contained herein.

Comments always welcome both good and bad @
jordankelly39@gmail.com
