The Scarlet Adventures: The Club
by ms_kitty_kat_007

"Right here, right now. And I don't care who sees..."

From across the room, Luka watched her intently. Like a lion stalking his prey, he could not take his eyes off her. There was something special about her, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. The curves of her body, the way she moved her lips--he was instantly infatuated. Every movement she made and even the way she spoke seemed so sensual, so enticing. Not ready to reveal himself yet, Luka remained hidden in the shadows, his prey completely unaware of his ability to pounce on her at any moment.

As the band played loudly and the crowd mingled, Scarlet scanned the room looking for a partner, someone to help her release the chains of this dry spell. It had been so long since she had been with a man, even longer than she cared to admit. The desire for physical contact and pleasure had built up for weeks. She needed to find someone who shared her desire for these primal needs. In a dark corner of the room, Scarlet noticed a man who appeared to be looking in her direction. She could feel the heat of his gaze, even though they were so far apart. She felt his eyes moving up and down her body, infatuated with every curve and contour. She knew he was mentally undressing her over and over; that was obvious. Interestingly enough, he was her type--tall, dark, and handsome, but the rugged kind. Scarlet felt her heart begin to race, her palms becoming sweaty. She pondered her next actions, unsure as to whether she should approach him or let him come to her.

By now, Luka had a few glasses of liquid courage. He got up and slowly began to make his way over to Scarlet, noticing that her eyes were now intently locked on him. It appeared the predator had now become the prey. She seemed to be undressing him with her eyes. He too felt his heart begin to race and nerves had begun to set in. But no matter how nervous he became, it didn't matter. He had to have her. Looking in her direction, all the other people in the room seemed to disappear, leaving just her. He maintained eye contact with Scarlet as he moved, until suddenly she was within his reach. Without speaking, he grabbed her waist and pulled her close to him. As Luka firmly pressed his body to hers, it took her breath away. He gently moved her long, flowing hair away from her ear. Luka breathed his warm breath on Scarlet's neck and ear. Then, he whispered, "I haven't been able to stop staring at you. You turn me on so much. I want you. Right here. Right now. And I don't care who sees it. I have to have you."

Scarlet felt her knees buckle. His deep voice was so enticing yet soothing, and every word he uttered turned her on more and more. 'Right here? Right now?' she repeated to herself in her head. Now THAT was a fantasy she'd always wanted to try but never had the chance to fulfill it. None of her other partners were brave enough. She was thrilled by the idea acting out sexually, not caring who saw because the need was so intense. Just thinking about it had her wet and throbbing between her legs. It had been forever since a man even touched her, let alone fulfilled one of her fantasies. What was there to consider? "Take me now," she responded.

Still pressed together and eyes locked, they explored each other's bodies with their hands. Using both hands, he gently massaged her large breasts, until her nipples became hard. He pulled down her dress to expose her breasts and put each of them in his mouth. Flicking her nipples with his tongue, Luka heard Scarlet moan audibly and reveled in his role in her pleasure. Then he moved his hand south, landing right between her legs. He placed his hand up her dress and thrust his fingers deep inside her. Scarlet gasped suddenly, surprised by the huge rush of pleasure. Again, he whispered into her ear, "I want you. Right here. Right now. And I don't care who sees it," as he moved his fingers in and out of her rhythmically. It was like a waterfall was released after only a few seconds. He could see the pleasure all over her face, even though she tried desperately to hide it from the crowd. Scarlet could not help but to moan loudly, which definitely brought attention from the crowd.

Scarlet then moved her hand below his belt, immediately feeling his immense, hard erection. Its sheer size both surprised and excited her. She unzipped his pants and unleashed the beast. It was even more magnificent in person. So big and hard, she couldn't help but stare. Just the sight of it made her mouth water and caused her to lick her lips, something which did not go unnoticed with Luka. She had to have it in her mouth immediately, and she didn't care who saw. Scarlet dropped to her knees and took all of him into mouth so deeply. He gasped with pleasure and then grabbed the back of her head. Pulling her hair, he pushed himself deep into her throat, feeling her gag. She continued to move her lips and tongue up and down the shaft, faster and faster. "You're so amazing," Luka exclaimed as she continued to pleasure him. Scarlet just smiled and continued taking him deep in her mouth. Compliments like that were such a turn on.

By this time, a few people nearby had caught on to their passionate exchange. The men immediately became aroused and started touching themselves feverishly. The women, initially shocked, now too were turned on, pairing up with the men nearby to reenact the scene. Scarlet came up for air and noticed the others mimicking her activity. She immediately became even more turned on, which incited an even more voracious appetite for Luka's body. She quickly stood up and brought her lips to his ear. "I want you. Right here. Right now. And I don't care who sees it," Scarlet repeated Luka's line. "Take me on this table now, and I want it rough," she instructed.

Luka didn't need to be told twice. He cleared the table with one arm and then picked her up and placed her on the table. After forcefully pulling up her dress and spreading her legs, he again thrusted his fingers inside of her, feeling nothing but a sea of excitement. He immediately thrusted his rock-hard shaft inside of her so hard and so deep that it literally took her breath away. Scarlet screamed loudly out of pleasure as soon as he was inside of her. She couldn't control herself at this point. Each thrust became more violent, harder, and deeper each time. She enjoyed every moment and let Luka know it. He couldn't believe how amazing Scarlet felt inside, but hearing her moan loudly really excited him. By now, even more people in the room had gravitated toward the couple. No matter how many people surrounded them, Luka refused to stop. He pounded her over and over, faster and harder, as she moaned louder and louder. It was like he was on a mission.

"You like that don't you?" he asked. "Oh my God yes!" she exclaimed. "You don't want me to stop do you?" she inquired. "No! I want you to make me cum," she told him. That's all he needed to hear. With that, Luka began to thrust himself in and out of her so hard and fast that the table nearly fell over. He was waiting for her to say the magic words--"I'm going to cum." He picked her up and threw her on the nearby couch, while he was still inside her. Climbing on top of her, he placed his hand tightly around her neck and began to squeeze, while he continued thrusting himself inside her so deeply and violently. Scarlet's face lit up with excitement and she moaned with what little breath she had. Luka felt her clenching down on him from the inside. He released her neck for just a moment, only to hear those magic words--"I'm going to cum." Luka forced himself even deeper into her, as he pulsated in and out of her. He gave her exactly what she longed for--hard, rough sex. Scarlet quickly orgasmed, experiencing a pleasure with seemingly no end. He was able to stimulate her G spot and clitoris at the same time for a series of orgasms like she had never experienced before. "Oh. My. God." Scarlet exclaimed. "You are a God!" she yelled. Luka just continued to pleasure her and smiled. "You're damn right I am," he asserted as he ravaged her over and over.

All eyes in the room were on them, now. The music had stopped, drinks were no longer being poured, and everyone stared in disbelief. The room turned into an orgy of sorts. Everyone found a partner or two or three and immediately began pleasuring one another. Scarlet and Luka snapped out of their fantasy and looked up for a moment. Had they really inspired the whole room? It appeared they had. Now with both even more aroused, Scarlet looking up at Luka and said, "Don't you dare stop." Luka gazed deep into her eyes and responded, "I'm not stopping until someone makes me. You're not going to be able to walk when I'm done with you." Scarlet just smiled and imagined the stories she would have to tell about this night. Just another Scarlet adventure…

