Spencer navigated while Derek drove. They always divided it that way when they worked together, because Spencer had a better eye for all things geographical, but Derek had always had better hand-eye-coordination. Following were SWAT, HRT, and the locals' critical response team. Spencer let Rossi know where they were headed, and Rossi said he and Emily would be there ASAP.

He couldn't help but hope he and Spencer were the ones who got to Hotch first. He had never really understood the territorial way locals responded to FBI assistance, because they all wanted the same thing. He'd even stood on both sides of that street and not understood. The one time he'd had to work with the Feds as a beat cop in Chicago, he'd realized that was where he wanted to end up. They had more resources and money, while the locals had more manpower and the home turf advantage. But in the end, they all wanted the same thing.

But now, driving swift and silent with his lights flashing, Derek realized what he hadn't before. It did matter who found them. It mattered, because in some obscure way, whoever found the victim was the one who seemed to care the most. And Derek knew Dave cared about Hotch as much as he did. But he wanted Hotch to realize that he cared at all. He wanted to prove that even though Dave was here, Derek still mattered.

It was all irrational and adrenaline-fueled, and Derek knew damn well he was thinking this way to avoid anxiety about what they would find at the end of their drive, as well as to avoid thinking about Dave in any less-than-competitive way.

"Next turn is our street," Spencer announced. There had been nothing but a tense silence in the vehicle for a couple of minutes. With those words, the two agents in the back seat--Bern and Biggs, Derek thought their names were--checked their vests and guns. The rip of Velcro and click of metal on metal sent a zing through Derek's blood, and he knew this was it. They were going to find Hotch.

Please, God, let them find Hotch alive.

There were SWAT vehicles approaching from the other end of the street, and as Spencer slid an earbud in Derek's ear, he heard the announcement that the other team was in position behind the house. Derek pulled the SUV to a clean, sharp stop, and the four of them were out of the vehicle, guns raised, before the engine was off.

Everything came together beautifully. Derek gave the orders and saw the signals passed along. They approached the house, each route of egress covered--including windows, as Derek had insisted--and Spencer checked the doorknob. He shook his head. Locked. He fell into a crouch and Derek kicked the door in, then burst through, his gun and his gaze moving together to sweep the room.

The room was empty, but there were definite signs of life. An empty glass, a newspaper folded on the coffee table. Derek and Spencer exchanged a glance. Foyet might be out. Or maybe he was upstairs.

"Clear!" SWAT had come in the back. Spencer checked the dining room and shouted the clear. Derek headed down the hall and cleared the bathroom, then reached the closed bedroom door.

"Please, God," he breathed, and threw the door open.

Someone shouted just before a silvery flash passed his eyes and thunked into the wall. Derek dropped and rolled into the room, his left bicep burning, as over his head, gunfire exploded.