Marti takes JJ's sperm for examination, and JJ and Carmen have a conversation.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 18 (Ff, mF, bi, blackmail, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Previously, on Sniffle:

**JJ regarded the sexy counselor. It would be so easy to just tell her to pull down those tight slacks and ride his cock to heaven, he mused.**

**He opened the door and strode away, leaving Ms. Diego, aka Agent Carmen Sandoval, shaking her head. The kid definitely looked like his old man, and handsome, she thought.**

**Carmen figured she would have to call JJ in again...there was something about the boy that compelled her to see him once more...**

**Marti squatted and let JJ's semen drip out of her and into the bottle. Then she went and put the container into her lunch bag in the fridge.**

**JJ got a call. "Oh, hey Dad! What's new?"**

Cue theme music.

---

"Ms. Galand?"

The short, fit woman behind the desk looked up from her notes. "Hm? Oh, hello, Marti, what can I do for you?" The thirty-year-old biology teacher tucked a strand of her dirty blonde hair behind her ear and noticed that her student was wearing a sundress that showed off her slim legs today, with the bright colors that the cute teen seemed to prefer. The woman shook her head...she really needed to stop macking on her students or she'd get in trouble!

Marti took out a pill bottle. "Could you please help me with this?"

"I'm not a pharmacist, Marti...you need to talk to a doctor."

The girl looked shy. "It's not medicine, it's...a sample." She turned the bottle a little and Ms. Galand could see some sort of liquid inside.

She squinted at it. "Of what?"

Marti looked around the classroom, which was empty during lunch hour. She had locked the door as she came in, to make sure they weren't overheard. "It's sperm."

"Sperm! Why...Marti...!"

"Pleeaase, Ms. Galand! There's something weird about it, and I was hoping you could tell me what, with a microscope, or some sort of test?"

The teacher almost sent her away, but Marti was one of her better students, and she seemed earnest about this. "Well, okay, Marti...bring it over to the microscope." The teacher took the bottle, popped it open, and then used a dropper to transfer a small amount to a slide. Her nose itched, and she gave an instinctive sniff.

She prepared the slide, slid it under the microscope, and had a look. After a few seconds, she backed off and motioned for the girl to do the same. While she did that, Ms. Galand picked up the open bottle and sniffed the contents more directly. She suddenly felt odd, light-headed. Why had she done that, she wondered? One of the first rules of working with an unknown substance was that you never smelled it directly; you instead used your hand to waft the scent toward you, and only if that was required!

"Ms. Galand?" Marti was looking at her now.

"Um...Marti...as you can see, the sperm sample seems quite normal...oh, not that you've seen many magnified sperm samples, I guess?" The teacher giggled and handed back the bottle.

"Are you feeling okay, Ms. Galand?"

"Call me Yvette, Marti." She reached up and caressed the girl's cheek. So pretty, she thought.

"Yvette, did you touch the sperm?" As the teacher shook her head, Marti realized, "Oh, you smelled it! It works without him actually being here?"

"Him? Him who?" Yvette shook her head and blinked, feeling quite unlike herself.

Marti considered as she nibbled her lower lip. "So the sperm just looks normal, huh? Give it another sniff."

Yvette couldn't help herself as her student held out the pill bottle. She leaned forward and breathed JJ's pheromones directly into her nasal cavity, where they rushed up, penetrated her brain tissue, and insinuated themselves into several key hormone-producing locations, as well as her pleasure center. "Oh my..." she breathed out. Her nipples had suddenly become very hard.

Marti noticed that her teacher's pupils had expanded, making her pale gray eyes seem almost black. "You should taste it," she said, extracting a little of the pearlescent substance with her pinkie finger.

As Yvette looked at it, her mouth began to water, but her scientific mind rebelled against the idea. Something was wrong here, she realized.

"How about this?" Marti spread the semen along her own lips and then moved forward to kiss the older woman.

Yvette didn't move away. At the touch of Marti's lips to hers, she kissed the cute student back passionately. As they lip wrestled, Yvette tasted the semen as it slipped into her own mouth. Instantly, a small orgasm washed over her. "Mm! Mmmh!" she moaned into Marti's mouth as they continued the lip lock.

Marti pulled back lustily. "Take off your pants and get up on the desk, Ms...Yvette."

Yvette obeyed quickly, wanting more of that pleasure. She slipped off her shoes, trousers, and panties before hopping up to sit on her desk, her legs wide and inviting.

Marti took another drop of JJ's cum, touched it to her own lips again, and then moved between her hot teacher's strong thighs to kiss her once more. As before, the woman gasped in pleasure as another small orgasm ran through her at the taste of JJ's seed. Continuing the kiss, Marti moved her fingers to Yvette's sex. Finding the woman wet and ready, Marti dipped her index finger into the pill container, slathered it with JJ's semen, and then directed that digit straight into Ms. Galand's hot, fertile cunt.

"Mmfcckkk!!" Yvette screamed into Marti's mouth as JJ's seed was absorbed into her ripe reproductive system and she came hard.

"Lay back," Marti directed the woman, and the teacher knocked her notes off of her desk as she quickly complied. Taking another fingerful of semen from the bottle, Marti made sure that the woman saw as she slathered it onto her own tongue before she brought her mouth forward and pressed it against Yvette's drooling pussy. When she dipped her sperm-covered tongue into the fertile woman, her teacher screamed out in pleasure as another orgasm ripped through her overheated body.

"Ahhffuucckkk!! Martiii!"

Marti licked up Yvette's sudden burst of pussy juice. "Mmff! Shit! Sshh! You're gonna get fucking fired!" She climbed onto the desk to kiss the woman again as she extracted the last of JJ's cum with her finger, which she then directed it into her teacher's primed baby furnace, making her cum hard again.

"MmmMM! Mrrttii! Fcckkk!" she screamed into her student's mouth as she writhed underneath her.

Finally, they broke the kiss and Yvette relaxed, practically melting into her desk. "That stuff...is amazing! You could sell it and make a fortune."

Marti thought for a moment. "Really? How much would you pay for that again?"

Yvette rubbed her own breasts through her blouse and bra. Her nipples were still so hard! "I...I guess $50? I haven't cum like that in a while. I should be really worried about all that sperm inside me, but I'm not. Maybe it has antianxietal properties?"

Marti shrugged. "Maybe? I'll see if I can get some more tonight, if you bring the money tomorrow."

"I'd like that," Yvette sighed. "Can I kiss you again, Marti? This is so wrong..."

Marti smiled and frenched her teacher for a few more minutes before she had to go. Then she got a call from JJ. She decided that she was definitely not going to tell him about what had just happened; he'd just be worried about more possible babies.

She swiped the screen and brought the phone to her ear. "What's up, lover?" she asked sultrily.

---

After school it started to rain. Agent Carmen Sandoval pulled her car out of the school parking lot and had only driven about a half mile before she saw a familiar figure walking along the sidewalk, shoulders hunched against the sudden downpour. She pulled over next to him and rolled down the window. "Hey, JJ!"

His face lit up as he spied hers. Despite herself, she felt her heart give a little thrill, but then shook off the momentary feeling. This was a prime opportunity to get some answers from the kid about his biological dad, the fugitive known as Casanova, or John. She reached over and opened the passenger door. "Get in! I'll drive you home."

He looked hesitant. "You sure? Don't want you getting in trouble." Water dripped down his forehead and nose.

"Just get in!" she urged him, and he did, closing the door behind him. "Seatbelt!" she advised him before pulling back onto the road.

"Thanks, Ms. Diego. It's really coming down hard!"

"No problem. Where we headed?" she asked.

"Left here."

She kept glancing at the handsome boy. "Sooo...while I have you captive..."

He looked at her, alarmed.

"Joke, JJ! While we're together, I just want to continue our discussion about your biological father." She gave him a reassuring smile.

He smiled back shyly. "Oh, Dad! I spoke to him just yesterday. Turn right up here."

She gave a slight sniffle. The rain kicked up so much dust, she thought. "So your dad lives in town?"

"No, I'm actually not sure what city he's in now. I spoke to him on the phone."

Carmen grimaced, and then caught herself. "You have no idea at all where he is? That must be tough."

"Turn left here. Yeah, I only met the guy once, a few weeks ago, and then he was gone. Still not sure what to make of him."

They had turned onto a long, curving road, with trees along the sides. She sniffled again. "You live up here?"

"Mm hmm...just keep going. So, tell me about yourself, Ms. Diego."

She hadn't expected him to ask her questions! "Oh, I'm not very interesting, JJ."

"Well, what's your first name?"

"Carmen."

"Carmen...Diego?" he asked, scrunching up his face. "Like Carmen Sandiego, the video game character?"

She mentally kicked herself. She had just given him her real first name, not the one from her fake identity! Her college classmates had nicknamed her after that character when they found that she was studying to become a police investigator. When she had to pick her undercover name for JJ's school, she decided to own that shit.

"Um...actually, it's Renata, but I prefer my middle name, Carmen," she covered.

"Yeah, I think Carmen suits you better. It's pretty, like you."

She glanced at him, noticed how intensely he was looking at her, and blushed. It seemed very hot in the car. The road curved again, and something nagged at her mind. "Are we headed back in the same direction we came?"

"Nope," he answered. "We'll be turning off this road soon."

At his direction, she turned a mile further along, and then soon came to a small neighborhood. He directed her to park in front of a nice split-level house.

"Come on in, Carmen. My girlfriend wants to meet you." He opened his door.

She felt disappointed for a moment upon learning that JJ had a girlfriend, but then shook her head and looked at the house. "This isn't your place?"

"Nope! Come on...we can talk about my dad some more." He got out, closed the door, and waited.

Her mind, befuddled from the extended closed quarter exposure to his pheromones, had no dissenting opinion. She got out and followed him into the house.

"This is Marti," JJ introduced the slim, curly auburn-haired teen. "Marti, Carmen Sandoval."

"Pleased to meet you, Marti," Carmen said. "What a beautiful house."

"Have a seat, Agent," JJ directed her to the comfortable-looking couch.

Carmen sat and frowned. She realized that she had missed something...

'Agent'...'Carmen SANDOVAL,' he had said.

---

Yesterday:

"Puerto Rican."

"Huh? How do you know that?" JJ had just described the sexy Ms. Diego to his father over the phone. John had asked for details, and when his son had mentioned the cute little birthmark on the Latina woman's upper lip, his father had realized just how close the government had actually gotten to him.

---

"You said my real name," Carmen muttered as she sat there on the couch. Her brain didn't seem to be working right.

"Yep," JJ replied as he sat close to her, "as I said, it's pretty."

Carmen noticed that Marti was filming her with a phone. "Wait..."

"No, no waiting..." JJ told Carmen, taking her face in his hands and kissing her.

Carmen melted into the kiss, breathing him in deeply. She realized that her nipples were very hard now, and soon she relaxed into the couch cushions.

JJ pulled back and brought his phone out. "You still there?" he said into it.

"Yep! Good work, son!"

Carmen froze. That was John's, aka Casanova's, voice! "You!"

"I'm sorry I'm not able to be there myself, Carmen -- damn sorry -- but JJ's gonna take good care of you, okay?"

Despite her diminished capacity, Carmen's predicament was now obvious. "He's like you, with the pheromones! Oh, no..." She immediately forced herself to breathe through her mouth, hoping that would help. "Get off..." She started to push at the boy.

JJ stood up and unbuckled his jeans. "You want me to 'get off'? I can definitely do that, with your help, Carmen."

She giggled at the double entendre, and then caught herself. Then JJ's hard cock was in her face. She gasped, forgetting to not breathe through her nose, and caught a full whiff of him. "Ohh wow..." she sighed, and then leaned forward to take his cock into her mouth. "Mmm..."

"That feels good," JJ told her after a minute or so. "Take off your clothes, Carmen."

As she fellated the teenager, unable to help but breathe through her nose, she fumbled with her blouse. Soon it was on the floor, followed shortly by her bra.

"Almost forgot how fuckin' awesome those boobs are! Zoom in, Marti!" John's voice came from JJ's phone.

Carmen couldn't unfasten her trousers while laying back on the couch, so she disengaged from JJ and quickly got naked. She lay back again, her dark eyes wide as she beheld the boy's cock. She wanted it inside her pussy...she was so wet...

Marti moved forward with her camera. "Tell us about your superiors, Carmen, all the shit, and be as honest as you can. Then JJ will give you what you want."

Carmen was desperate for cock by this point. After the brain-blized agent gave them details about her bosses in the secret branch of the government she worked for, and her raw, unfiltered opinions about some of them, as well as a couple of top secret stories, Marti smiled and moved back.

Carmen had completely forgotten to keep breathing through her mouth, and was lost. "Oh, JJ, you gonna fuck me now? I'm sooo horneee..."

JJ leapt upon her, thrusting his cock, harder than he remembered it ever being before, awkwardly at the woman's pussy. He had waited patiently while Carmen had "spilled the beans", watching the sexy secret agent practically dripping in front of him the whole time, and he was beyond ready.

"Uhh!" Carmen grunted as JJ's cock speared into her on a lucky thrust. "Yes!" Then she grabbed JJ's face and pulled him in for a kiss as he thrust into her hard and fast.

Marti caught the penetration on video and then panned back up. When she saw how passionately the two of them were kissing, she frowned. The girl was still turned on, but something was bothering her. She looked at Carmen's tight but voluptuous bronzed body, way more womanly than Marti's. Was she envious, she wondered?

As the pair continued to rut and kiss, Marti realized that she was actually jealous. She and JJ weren't exclusive, she knew, but he was really enjoying having sex with 'Ms. Diego', so much so that he hadn't even put on a condom, after telling Marti just yesterday that they'd have to use those from now on. How was this fair, she raged in her head? She wanted them to stop kissing. "JJ! You should turn her over...take her from behind."

He pulled back to look at Marti and was confused at her intensity. "Um, okay..." He withdrew and Carmen flipped around to present her round but athletic ass at him, which Marti noticed was also much nicer than her own. The girl sighed.

Soon, JJ was thrusting into the pheromone-addled agent again.

"Ohmigod...ohmigod..." Carmen moaned as her hard nipples rubbed along the fabric of the couch and the head of JJ's cock managed to reach her g-spot. Her spine stiffened, and she felt her orgasm rising from there. "Ohh...yes...yess...yesss...ohhHHHH!!"

As JJ felt Carmen's overheated vagina clamp down on his cock in orgasm, it set off his own. "UHH! Ohh shittt..." Then he was filling the woman's fertile insides with his teenage cum.

"Aiieee!!" Carmen screamed as the g-spot orgasm that had started to wash over her wanton body exploded like a bomb as spurt after spurt of JJ's potent, sperm-filled semen was forcefully injected into her unprotected reproductive system. With her ass up in the air, her spasming cervix was perfectly positioned to suck a not inconsiderable amount of his dangerous seed straight into her hot and ready womb. "Uh...uhh...uhhh..." she moaned, shaking. Finally, she collapsed forward, unconscious.

"Holy fuck..." JJ moaned, leaning upon the unconscious woman's back and breathing heavily. Marti stopped filming.

"Well done, son! I'm proud of you!" said John through JJ's phone. "And thank you, Marti, for your cinematographic skills. I think you've found your calling! Let me know how it goes." And then he hung up.

JJ pulled out. "Gotta...gotta pee..." he murmured as he grabbed his clothes and toddled from the room on unsteady legs.

Marti rushed into the kitchen and returned with a turkey baster. "Jackpot!" she said as she used the kitchen tool to hoover up as much of the pearly substance as she could from around and inside Carmen's vagina, making the agent moan softly as Marti pushed the baster between the woman's engorged vaginal lips in order to retrieve as much as she could. When she was done, the girl took everything back to the kitchen, spewed the cum into the freshly cleaned pill bottle she had been using to store JJ's semen, and then placed that in her lunch bag in the fridge, as before.

The front door slammed. "Marti! Who the hell is the naked woman on our couch?" her sister yelled out.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)