“What do you mean, we’re out of fuckin’ drugs?” Hina snarled at the ninja that seemed to be their medical ninja (and who Iruka thought always looked high). “You said you had enough to stun a large bull elephant for three months!”

“I did.” She looked like she was trying to work up enough energy to use exclamation points, but it only seemed to leave her more exhausted. She made a tiny flicker in Iruka’s general direction. “When he threw me into the river, things broke and disintegrated, including—”

Hina slapped her, efficiently shutting her up. “I hope that if he escapes again, you’re the one he kills! Ito was at least useful!” She kicked the other one in the general direction of the door. “If you’re even half the drug expert you claim to be, get your sorry ass out there and find something that will work! If you can’t find something, make something! And while you’re at it, find something to ease Tang and Tichi’s pain!”

The druggie slowly slunk out of the room and Hina turned her attention onto Iruka. “I suppose you think you’re clever, don’t you?” She hissed, strolling forwards angrily. “Escaping all those times and all that. But you’re not good enough to get away, are you?”

Iruka decided he wasn’t grace her with an answer.

And it had nothing to do with rock crushing his tongue or the torn bit of uniform tied over his mouth.

“I, for one, am sick of playing your stupid little games, and since starving you seems to have no effect, I’m going to have to take more serious measures.” She gestured to the Hulk that was holding the end of Iruka’s chain. “Give me his left hand.”

Iruka struggled and managed to throw more stinging nettles at them, but since Hulk’s finger probably weighed as much as Iruka did, it was a losing battle.

She grabbed his wrist as he tried to fight. “Did you know,” she asked in a conversational tone, “that you have twenty-seven bones in your hand and wrist alone?” She snapped a finger and Iruka fought back a scream. “I’m going to break each and everyone of them.” She broke another.

“Re…remem…remember what…what the contact…contact said.” The Sleazy Bag breathed out harshly from his corner, clearly having troubles focusing on anything that wasn’t the pain.

“They said”—snap!—“not to”—snap!—“harm him”—snap!—“unnecessarily!”—snap!—“And I think”—snap!—“that this is”—snap!—“completely necessary!” Snap!

Iruka shuddered with the force it took not to scream or to let the tears fall, knowing more than just his hand and fingers were being broken.

It took surprisingly short amount time to destroy twenty-five years of Iruka’s life.

He forced his head forwards to stop the rock in his mouth from hitting the back of his tongue and invoking his gag reflexes. Previous experiences with his captors told him that they won’t remove the cloth around his mouth so any bile that came up would stay in his mouth until he either swallowed it or got the gag off.

The Hulk stuffed Iruka’s now-useless hand back into the iron shackle (they had given up on charka string after they had nearly run out after Iruka’s forth escape), not really being very careful about it. Iruka bit the inside of his cheek the best he could so he wouldn’t shriek.

The Hulk took a step back, scratching his neck where the itch weed had rubbed up against him and Hina kicked out Iruka’s legs from under him. He hit the ground painfully, having lost some of the muscle mass he used to have to cushion the fall.

“And just to make sure…” She held up a small, wet bar. “Hold his ankles.”

Iruka did scream when she roughly rubbed the bar over his torn-up feet (they had taken away his sandals after the second time and he had no more chakra string to tie bark to protect his feet from the sharp soil after the fifth time). The soap had a lot of lye in it. It burned and ate at his already tender feet.

She stood up and watched in grim satisfaction as he writhed in agony on the floor. “Leave him there for a bit. We’ll take him back to his cell once he’s had some time to reflect on his behaviour.” She dropped her heel sharply on the side of his head and leaned her weight on it. “Let this be a lesson for you, little whore.” She turned and stiffly moved back to the table, leaving Iruka thrashing on the hard floor.

Two hours later—after the Druggie tripped on him for the sixth time and whacked his head with her crutches for the fifth time—they dragged him back into the basement and rechained his limp body to the wall behind him. They also reactivated the binding jutsu.

Iruka nearly cried in relief when his ruined feet touched the mucky water. While normally he’d be worried about infection, the water was freezing and it washed the lye out of his wounds.

He let his head hang as far forwards as the neck shackle let him. Everything he had done, and he still wasn’t good enough to escape completely.

He began to figure out ways he could kill himself when the Akatsuki came for him because if that was all he could do to protect his village and his precious people, then he was going to do it without hesitating.

He could only hope that his loved ones would understand his sacrifice.