Creampie Marathon

"Oh my GOSH, Brenda! You've GOT to read this!"

"What is it?"

"This story! Here, sit down and scroll through it. It's... fascinating!"

"Okay, okay! Well, are you going to get up and let me see it or not?!"

Tasha got up and her roommate took her place at the computer. A moment 
later Brenda gasped. She kept reading and whispered, "Ohmigawd! Tasha!"

Tasha knew that Brenda was not completely turned off by the story, since 
she kept reading, and sat with her knees firmly together. Brenda gasped 
again, and read aloud phrases from the captivating story. "... kissed, 
licked, and sucked on her freshly sexed vaginal entrance!"  Her eyes 
widened.

"Ooh, Tasha, listen to this one: He withdrew his creamy sausage and got 
down between her legs. Her freshly creamed pussy smelled of sex, and he 
kissed and sucked her until she climaxed! And this one: the skankier the 
pussy, the more eager the guy's cock is to spew inside it!"

When brenda finished the story, she looked up at Tasha with wide excited 
eyes.

"Have you ever done that, Tasha?"

"Me? I never knew anyone WOULD do that," she laughed. "It sounds weird 
-- and sexy."

"Yeah. How do you find guys who will do that?"

"No idea. I gotta do that econ assignment that's due tomorrow. Not that 
I'll be able to think about anything else for a while."

Brenda smiled slyly. They both retreated to their rooms. The first 
priority for each of them was to do what they called stress relief from 
studying -- lie back on their beds and jill themselves to orgasm.

After doing some work on her assignment, Tasha went to sleep, only to 
awaken a couple of hours later with her mind racing. She quietly made 
her way to the computer and spent the next three hours gathering links 
and other information about what she had read about in the story. Then 
she went back to bed.

Morning came and Brenda was rested and cheerful; Tasha looked as though 
she had been to a late night party.

"Yeah, I couldn't sleep so I got up and did more researching on the 
internet," Tasha sleepily related. "I don't think the guys that we are 
around would ever go for that."

"Don't be so sure," Brenda replied. When Tasha looked at her 
questioningly, she continued. "I'm sure they've never done it, but given 
the right incentive, a guy'll do anything. Look, I know the chance of 
each of us finding somebody who'll eat his own spunk from a pussy is 
pretty slim, but if we team up..." She had a sensual gleam in her eyes.

"Come on, out with it. What are you thinking?"

"Remember the night we shared that one guy? We were kind of drunk, but I 
recall that he came four times that night from having both of us there. 
I'm thinking that we could get more."

"HOW?!"

"First, we have to find the guy we're going to share. Any ideas?"

"How about that one who's always ogling us at the tennis court?"

"Nah, I can't stand him. How about that other one who watches us play? 
The quiet one?"

Tasha and Brenda spent the next two hours -- time that they should have 
spent going to classes -- forming their devious plan. They agreed to 
meet at the tennis court at 3 that afternoon for practice, and Brenda 
had an errand to run.

As expected, there were several males and a few females on the sidelines 
watching the tennis players on the 4 courts. Brenda and Tasha were 
lively and they frequently giggled, attracting more of the crowd. They 
each eyed the quiet guy that they had in mind, and made a point of 
looking at him and smiling when one of them had to pick up a ball, or 
just before a serve. After an hour, some of the spectators moved on, and 
that was the cue for Brenda and Tasha.

Sweaty and panting, they acted as if they were going to simply walk past 
the guy. To his surprise, they sat next to him and introduced 
themselves. Tasha and Brenda made small talk about tennis and classes, 
interspersing their conversation with a subtle touch on the arm or 
contact with their legs. He introduced himself as Carl, and they invited 
him to accompany them to the snack bar.

The girls executed their plans impeccably. Step by step, they found out 
what they needed to know about Carl. He was unattached, shy, and in 
spite of his best efforts to disguise it, sex-starved and easily 
aroused. They invited him over to their apartment to talk some more, and 
of course he accepted. Two attracive female tennis players coming on to 
a quiet guy usually means that he'll do anything they suggest.

Once in their apartment, the girls did everything they could to make 
Carl feel at ease. Eventually they steered the conversation toward sex 
by saying that they haven't dated very much since classes were taking so 
much time and guys tend to get possessive. They told him, further, that 
when one of them brought home a guy they shared him with each other so 
there would be less chance of jealousy problems. That got Carl's 
attention (and libido) focused.

The girls' touching became more aggressive, and they took turns 
exchanging kisses with Carl. His erection pressed against the front of 
his pants, and Tasha suggested that he take them off. Then while Brenda 
pressed her mouth on his, Tasha got some oil and a towel and proceeded 
to hand-job him until he squirmed and copiously spurted into the towel.

"Whoa, that's a good size cum!" Tasha exclaimed.

Carl was able to be more relaxed after his sexual release, and the girls 
kept working on him -- feeling, touching, and kissing. They let him feel 
their legs and their breasts under their tennis outfits, but did not let 
him put his hands inside their panties.

When Carl became erect again, Tasha pressed in for kisses while Brenda 
handled him and eventually brought him to ejaculation.

"We're calibrating you," Tasha giggled when Carl had calmed down. "We 
wanted to be sure you can generate enough cum to satisfy us. What do you 
think, Brenda?"

"How about the pussy test? Carl, how good are you at eating pussy?"

Carl stammered, unaccustomed to talking so directly about sex. Brenda 
and Tasha took off their tennis outfits and were naked except for their 
shoes and white socks. Tasha got on the sofa, thrust her hips forward 
and spread her legs. She pointed to her black-haired pussy.

Almost instinctively, Carl crawled between Tasha's legs and put his 
mouth to her womanhood. In spite of the day's activities, Tasha's scent 
was a great turn-on for Carl, as was the feel of her firm smooth legs, 
and he enthusiastically worked on her until she was close to orgasm.

"Not bad," she said. "Now do Brenda."

Brenda lay back on the carpet and spread her legs slightly. She 
seductively put her hands behind her head and Carl approached her pussy 
with enthusiasm. Unlike Tasha, Brenda let herself come to climax.

Carl was aroused again from the sweet taste of the girls' pussies.

"What do you think, Tasha?"

"A night with this one might be fun." Then she turned to Carl and said, 
"I want you to save up a lot of cum for when you spend the night, and I 
don't trust a guy to leave himself alone for a few days. Do you want to 
spend a wild Friday night with us?"

His cock was doing his thinking, and he assented immediately despite the 
flutter of anticipation and anxiety that he felt. He had never been with 
females who were so forward about sex, and it had been some time since 
he had done anything intimate with a female.

The girls were still naked except for their shoes, and Brenda got up and 
went to the next room. A moment later she came back and with a bright 
smile said, "This goes around your cock and balls and prevents you from 
doing yourself."

She stood with her legs spread and a teasing smile. "This is your last 
chance to say no! Is it going to be you or somebody else who'll fuck our 
pussies all night long?"

Carl stammered that he wanted to do it, and stood passively as Brenda 
fastened the device around his midsection and locked it.

Tasha told him to meet them at tennis practice on Friday, and handed him 
his clothes. The girls put on their panties and watched him get dressed 
and leave.

Carl was there watching them at practice every day that week, and the 
girls made deliberate suggestive gestures to tease him. When picking up 
a ball, they stayed bent over for an instant longer than usual, or made 
lingering eye contact. Tasha frequently ran her hands up and down her 
bare legs, and Carl's captive cock reacted by expanding in its cage.

Friday afternoon finally came, and Carl's frustrated cock was almost 
constantly aroused. Brenda and Tasha came over to him after an energetic 
practice. Their faces showed their anticipation. Carl's unspoken desire 
was to go straight to their apartment, and they instead spent some time 
at the snack bar teasing him with words and subtle touching.

"I've been looking forward to this all week," Tasha whispered as she 
ate. "Did I mention that we like it on the kinky side?"

Carl didn't know what she meant by kinky, but whatever it was, he was 
desperate to get started. Finally the girls finished eating and they 
asked him if he was ready to go with them. He tried to disguise his 
impatience.

Once in their apartment, Tasha said that she was going to be first. She 
took the lead and suggested that everyone get undressed. Carl, naked but 
for his cock cage, looked longingly at the girls - their firm bodies, 
their inviting eyes, and their attractive pussies. Tasha smled sexily as 
she took Carl's hand and led him to her bedroom. Brenda followed, and 
all three got on the bed. She invited Carl to lie on top of her and they 
exchanged kisses. His cock pressed uncomfortably on the cage under his 
desperate arousal, and he felt seepage of pre-cum.

Carl didn't want to spoil the mood by voicing what his cock was 
screaming: Enough teasing, let me inside you! I've been waiting all week 
for this!

Both girls, of course, knew of his impatience and arousal, and had 
planned to take advantage of it to get what they wanted. Tasha told 
Brenda to remove Carl's cock cage, and they both giggled when his member 
sprang straight out when it was free. Tasha then told Carl to use his 
mouth on her pussy first.

As he licked and kissed the delectable brunette's womanhood, she teased 
him further. "Do you like my scent? Does my pussy taste good? Are you 
going to fill me up with your cum?" Carl groaned an enthusiastic "Yes!" 
to all her teasing questions as he fervently applied his mouth to her 
sweetness.

She was feverishly aroused, and decided to delay her climax. "That's 
enough... now fuck me!"

Those were the words that Carl had been longing for all week. He looked 
briefly at Brenda's wide eyes and then got between Tasha's spread legs.

He was about to enter her, and she put her hand over her entrance and 
giggled. "There's a detail to settle -- we both want you to fuck our 
pussies all night -- and here's where the kinky part comes in. Before we 
let you in, you've got to agree to suck our pussies clean after you cum 
inside us. Every time." She kept her hand over her pussy.

That was something Carl had never thought of. It was kinky indeed. He 
looked at each girl's face, then their naked hips and legs. He was so 
close to getting relief in a setting most guys only fantasize about. He 
knew that Tasha meant what she said, and if he wanted the satisfaction 
that he had been craving all week, he had to agree to their conditions.

His desperation quickly overruled any concerns, and he said he'd do it. 
Tasha smiled and spread her knees. She removed her hands from blocking 
her creamy pussy and had Carl lie on top of her. He easily entered her. 
Seeing Tasha's smile up close, feeling her firm smooth legs, the 
exquisite pleasure of her womanhood -- all ensured that he had only to 
pump for a short while before his cock took control and spewed forth 
amid his groans of pleasure.

After Carl's writhing ejaculation, Tasha's insides fluttered. She knew 
she was full of fresh male semen, and she was looking forward to a new 
experience.

His immediate lust satisfied, Carl suddenly found the prospect of 
kissing and sucking on a semen filled pussy far less attractive than 
when his desperate cock craved release. Brenda knew from her reading 
that he'd need coaxing.

"I bet that felt good," she said. "I can't wait for you to fuck MY 
pussy! Here, why don't you lie on your back." She nudged him over and 
took his spent and cum-streaked cock in her mouth. She knew that her 
oral attention felt good to Carl.

"Now give Tasha some pleasure. I want you to fuck me good, and you've 
got to pleasure her first. I'll keep doing this."

As Brenda's mouth nursed Carl's cock to a partly erect state, Tasha took 
the cue and got in position to straddle Carl's face. "Open up, lover," 
she giggled, and nestled her pussy on his mouth.

"Mmmmmmf!" he exclaimed when her cum-drenched pussy made contact.

"Oh, yeah!" she encouraged. "Suck it! Suck me clean!"

For Carl, it was far different from anything he had done before. Tasha's 
aroused and sexed pussy was profusely creamy from his ejaculate and her 
own viscous lubricant. He didn't have much time to think about it. As 
Brenda's mouth sent pleasurable feelings through his cock, he gave in 
and sucked on Tasha's womanhood.

"Ohhh, yeah!" she freely exclaimed. "That feels SO good! Keep going, 
Carl! Swallow it! Did you swallow?"

"Ggmmmmf!" he nodded with Tasha's pussy firmly pressed against his mouth.

"Oh, God, yes!" she shouted. A moment later she gasped and climaxed.

Tasha panted heavily as she lay back on the bed. "Oh my GOSH that was good!"

Brenda looked at Carl with an 'I'm-going-to-fuck-your-brains-out' smile 
that got his erection harder. She straddled his midsection and took in 
the length of his cock. She was glad she hadn't gone first, since Carl 
would last longer than he did inside Tasha.

She pumped slowly, looking in his eyes with her beguiling smile. "Oh, I 
love this," she cooed. "It feels good to have a nice hard cock in me.

Carl's mind reeeled. Not only had he blasted forth inside a pretty 
brunette's pussy -- just a few minutes later he was now being used by a 
different girl -- an attractive brown haired vixen. The atmosphere of 
womanly arousal in the room was almost tangible, and in turn contributed 
to his arousal.

Brenda got down on top of him, and put her legs alongside his, and 
sexily kissed him. She didn't care that residue from his episode with 
Tasha was still on his face. She pumped slowly, realizing that he was 
getting closer to ejaculation.

The abundance of erotic sensations almost overwhelmed Carl -- the feel 
of Brenda's smooth legs, her bright eyes and sensuous kisses, the 
realization that he was inside her, and the presence of Tasha on the 
same bed. He groaned as Brenda pumped.

She planted her mouth on his and kissed hard as she sped up her pumping. 
Carl, after a moment of this intense stimulation, bucked wildly under 
her as his cock spurted inside her.

Tasha giggled, and Brenda smiled sexily. Eventually Carl's cock slipped 
out. Brenda, anxious for her first creampie experience, said, "I'm ready 
for dessert," and made her way up to Carl's mouth. Any resistance he 
might have had to his forthcoming task had been worn down from his 
second ejaculation in an atmosphere saturated with sex. He passively 
opened his mouth as Brenda's pussy made contact, and again tasted the 
abundant creaminess from an excited pussy.

It was a new experence for Brenda, and the realization alone that a guy 
was cleaning out his own seed after wildly spurting inside her was at 
least as arousing to her as the physical sensations. She moaned as she 
squirmed. In the background, Tasha encouraged Carl: "Suck it! Get all of 
it and swallow! Oh, this is so sexy!"

Brenda soon climaxed loudly, and aferward, both girls lay beside Carl. 
They all soon drifted to a restless sleep, and after a couple hours the 
girls wanted more. Tasha fingered Carl's cock and nuts until he awoke. 
He was erect in spite of his grogginess. She nudged him over on top of 
her and helped him enter her.

As Carl became more aware, his enthusiasm increased, and he enjoyed the 
feel of lying prone on top of Tasha, and of course being inside her warm 
inviting pussy. Tasha pulled his mouth to hers, and as they were locked 
in a passionate kiss, Carl's arousal came to the fore. He liked the way 
she moved under him as he pumped, and in a short while his cock burst 
forth with another spurting ejaculation.

Tasha knew not to wait very long afterward, and told him she was ready 
for his oral attentions. He approached her steaming pussy as he knew he 
must, and drove Tasha to an intense climax as he extracted the viscous 
mixture.

Brenda had Carl lie on top of her. She excitedly kissed his cream laden 
lips, and her subtle stirring under him served to bring him erect in 
spite of his sleepiness and recent release. She was in no hurry now, 
knowing that the male needs some time to work up a fresh serving. Slowly 
and gradually, she got him more aroused, and was delighted to feel the 
throbbing hardness of his cock against her inner legs. When she sensed 
he was ready, she guided him inside her and put her arms above her head 
in a submissive and surrendering pose.

As Tasha drifted to sleep beside them, Carl became more enthusiastic in 
his thrusting. The bed shook as he persistently and wildly pumped 
submissive Brenda. Because he had already ejaculated three times in the 
past few hours, he gave her a good fucking before he spurted inside her 
with a wrenching orgasm.

Carl really wanted to go back to sleep, but he knew that Brenda would 
not permit it until he had performed his expected task. He caught the 
scent of sex even before he got close to her wet and creamy grotto. 
Although he had felt his ejaculation more intensely than the others, his 
semen was not as profuse as before. He worked on Brenda's womanhood for 
some time before she rocked her hips and exclaimed out loud.

The three of them slept soundly for a few hours, and in the early 
morning darkness Tasha took Carl's well used cock in her mouth.

The sleepy male awoke to the pleasant sensations of his cock growing 
erect in Tasha's warm and moist mouth.

She was aroused thinking about getting another serving and having her 
pussy sucked clean afterward.

Awakening next to two attractive athletic females in bed, along with 
Tasha's expert oral attention, brought him to a throbbingly erect state 
in just a few minutes. His mind wanted to sleep; his cock had other plans.

Tasha crawled on top of Carl and took him inside her. Then she lay prone 
on top of him with as much body contact as possible. As Brenda slept, 
Tasha made sexy cooing sounds and pumped her hips. She enjoyed the long 
session of intercourse -- lengthier than she had ever experienced with 
any lover. After a long while she felt Carl's arms around her, and he 
became more active under her.

Carl's ejaculation slowly built up, and he enjoyed Tasha's energetic 
pumping. When he thought of the girls' pussies he had sucked clean that 
night, and the fact that his cock was again probing inside one of them, 
he crossed the line. With Tasha on top of him, he bucked vigorously as a 
profound orgasm gripped his insides. He tossed his head from side to 
side and exclaimed aloud as Tasha held on for the ride.

Brenda awoke and lay on one side, observing the sexual scene with a 
smile of anticipation. She giggled when Tasha withdrew and straddled 
Carl's face.

He immediately started to kiss and suck Tasha's dark-haired pussy, and 
she came to climax quickly.

"It's MY turn now," Brenda said with an excited smile. Carl groaned. He 
was very weary, but remembereed that he was in a situation that most 
males would envy.

"He needs some time to recover," Tasha giggled, and lay prone on top of 
Brenda. Carl, in spite of his sleepiness, stared at the arousing sight 
of the two females together. Tasha pressed her mouth on Brenda's. Sexy 
cooing sounds alternated with the slurping smacks of kisses.

The two girls moved in each other's arms, and soon Brenda maneuvered so 
that she was on top of Tasha. Carl looked on in awe as his cock 
hardened. He got closer, and saw Brenda's hips pushing against Tasha's. 
Her firm nether globes proved irresistible to him, and he entered 
Brenda's pussy from behind.

As the girls kissed, Carl spiritedly fucked Brenda for a while. Then he 
lay on top of her so that she was sandwiched between him and Tasha.

"Oh, that feels good," Brenda exclaimed between kisses with Tasha. She 
enjoyed the sensations of lengthy intercourse while Carl worked up to a 
frenzied pace. When the girls began to exclaim in time to his pumping, 
he felt the buildup of a fresh serving. Gradually, the sensation 
increased as he pumped harder. He visualized his hardened member 
stroking inside Brenda's sloppily moist pussy, and an intense, almost 
painful, prelude to ejaculation cramped his insides just before the 
first spurt.

His entire midsection was steeped in hot passion as he closed his eyes 
and exclaimed incoherently while short powerful spurts coursed through 
his cock and jetted into Brenda. After his burst of passion, Carl moaned 
as Brenda's sweet womanhood coaxed forth an occasional spurt.

"Okay, Carl," Brenda whispered and nudged him on his back.

He was totally spent. Brenda straddled his mouth and he submissively 
opened. The scent of sex was strong, and his cum was thick and sticky. 
Brenda enjoyed his oral attention, and had him keep going until she 
crested twice.

Two days later, after the girls had played a strenuous 45 minutes of 
tennis, they sat next to Carl. Brenda smiled brightly and asked, "Have 
you been thinking about last weekend?" The girls, of course, noticed his 
erection in his pants, and giggled. Thirty minutes later, all three were 
in their apartment, and Brenda locked his cock cage in place.  "What is 
the rule that you agreed to?" she asked.

"I'll suck you clean after cumming," he panted.

"Remember that," she teased. "We'll see you Friday afternoon!"

-----
This story is copyright 2007 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other stories 
at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
