I wake as he stirs in his sleep next to me. Leaning over him--I don't want to wake him--I tuck the blanket back around his shoulders and watch him sleep.

His cheeks aren't round like they were before the Ring came into our lives and changed everything. They're sunken, and his cheekbones stick out. It's all the running and not knowing where it's safe to stop that's done that--and those devils that came at him at Weathertop.

I always thought his skin was too pale, more like an elf than a hobbit to my way of thinking. Sometimes when I look at him now, it's like I can see through his skin. It doesn't look right even though Elrond got the poison out of him in Rivendell. He always looks a little sick these days. I try to keep him fed and warm, but it's hard and getting harder every day.

He's moaning, always does that when he sleeps. I stroke his damp forehead, and he's quiet again.

I love him. I've always loved him--always been there to look after him. I just didn't know how much until I saw him with Faramir. At first I thought Faramir was raping him. I would have killed him for doing that even if it had been the last thing I ever did. Then I heard him moaning and saw him pulling at Faramir with his arms and legs, not pushing him away. I felt sick.

I wasn't going to say anything to him. How could I when we'd never been more than friends? He knows me too well, knew something was wrong even though I tried to hide it. Shocked him right through, it did, when he got it out of me. He didn't know what to say.

It came right last night. I'm still pinching myself that it wasn't a dream. So many times, I'd thought of what it would be like to touch him like that. Oh, but when he came to me last night shivering from the cold, he lay himself close to me and kissed my neck. My heart beat so fast I thought it would burst. I could barely touch him at first, I was that afraid it would all break apart and go wrong again. But it didn't. I wanted ... oh, I wanted to do what I had seen Faramir do to him. When he opened his thighs and let me come in to him, I thought I would faint from the heat and tightness.

He's still asleep. Even with his face so thin and pinched, he's beautiful to me. More beautiful--it's like the thinner he gets, the more his goodness shines through.

There's tears dried on his face. I didn't see that before. Maybe I hurt him last night. I tried not to hurt him, and he said I did it right. Or maybe he woke from a bad dream--and me not awake to comfort him! That's hard.

I've got to wake him. We have to be moving, and I can hear Gollum creeping around. I know he hates moving during the day, that's just too bad. Anyway, he can't complain with the air all brown and dirty, not like daylight at all. Must be a storm coming.

I kiss the tearstains, and he opens his eyes. They go all wide for a moment, and his body stiffens. He stares at me, frightened.

"It's all right--time to get up."

I lay his head on my chest and stroke his hair until I feel him relaxing. It's no good laying about as much I want to stay here this way with him.

"Rest while I get breakfast. Gollum! Get us some water, and be quick about it. We've got to get going. Where've you been all night?"

"Smeagol has to find his food while hobbitses sleep. Smeagol can't eat nassty man food. Are hobbits rested?"

"Never you mind. Just go get that water."

Ugh. His mouth still has crumbs of dirt and who knows what else from his nightly hunt.

Looking down at myself as I get up, I see a little dried blood on my penis. Oh, that's bad, I did hurt him and he never complained.

He's still lying there with his eyes closed. He looks even paler than he did yesterday. That's my fault. I'll be more careful from now on and not touch him if I think he's too tired. What am I saying, he's always tired. The closer we get to Mordor, the more tired he gets. The Ring weighs on him more every day. I'd carry it for him if he'd let me, but I don't think he'd do that. I saw how angry he got that time at Caradhras when it fell off and Boromir picked it up. He snatched it out of Boromir's hands quick as lightning.

I'll be more careful with him from now on. I'm tired, too, but I don't have that Ring pulling at my neck all the time.

"Time to get up. Here's your breakfast."

"All right. Thank you."

He stumbles as he gets up. It looks like he's hurting.

"Oh, that's bad. I shouldn't have touched you last night. It was too much for you, and me so clumsy. I made you bleed, didn't I? Why didn't you say anything? I would have stopped if you'd said something."

"No, Sam, I'm fine, just a little stiff. It's not like you forced me. After all, I started it, didn't I?"

"Stay there a minute. I'll get water and wash you--wish I had something to soothe you better than water."

"It's all right. I'll do it."

He smiles and kisses me. He's never done that before, just leaned over and kissed me on the mouth like that. It makes me feel all melting inside. Maybe tonight he won't be so tired. Watch it, Samwise Gamgee. Here you were just saying you'd be more careful with him, and now you're already thinking about the next time you can have him even though you know you hurt him. You've got to remember what we're here for and keep the lovemaking for after we're done. I'll never stop touching him once we're done. I'll do it right then and not hurt him again.

He's more than tired. He's exhausted. Getting past Minas Morgul was the hardest part yet. I had to stop him from running straight to it--straight to those devils.

His shoulder hurts him. I can tell though he doesn't say anything, just lies there with his head in my lap where it belongs.

"Get some sleep. We've a long way to climb tomorrow."

I watched him today as we walked in that weird light. He was so quiet though he's never been one for much talking.

I saw that look on his face again, the same one I saw yesterday. His face went all dreamy then, like he was remembering something and liked it. It cut right through me, knowing he was thinking of Faramir and what they'd done. What was he thinking of today? Was he thinking of me or ...

I can't put it right in my head how it could have happened. He'd never been that way with anyone before--I would have known. What was it that made him want to be with Faramir? I know he felt safe with him, we both did--not like with that brother of his. But, how could it have happened just like that? It's not like he'll ever see him again, and anyway, they're so different from each other. It doesn't fit. I can't make sense out of it.

He was so quiet when I made love to him. His arms were around my neck, but that was it. He didn't pull at me the way I saw him pulling at Faramir. He didn't moan the way he did with him--wasn't hard the way I was. He said I did it right, but shouldn't he have been hard too? I didn't think of that last night. All I knew was how he felt in my arms. I didn't dream it didn't feel good to him too, never dreamed I was hurting him.

He brushes his hand against my cheek, wiping away tears I didn't know were falling.

"I'm sorry, Sam."

I can't look at him.

"Why'd you do it if you didn't want me?"

"I wanted to make things right between us."

"But you did want to be with him? See, I just need to get this right in my head."

I'm looking at him now. He flinches at what he sees in my eyes and looks away, shaking his head.

"Tell me. I don't understand how it happened just like that."

"I don't understand either. It just happened. Yes, I wanted him."

"You liked it?"

"Yes."

"Did he hurt you?"

"No."

"And now? Look at me. You still want him, don't you?"

His eyes are clear as he looks straight into my eyes.

"Yes, I still want him. I'll never see him again. And I still want him."

"So it happened just like that, with some man you'd never laid eyes on before. And here I've been hoping like a fool all these years that some day you'd see me that way."

"I didn't mean to hurt you."

"Too late. Don't worry, I'll not bother you again."

I sit quiet for a long time.

"Do you remember Mr. Bilbo's birthday party and how you kept pushing me at Rosie to dance? What I really wanted to do was just sit and watch you. That was the last time before the Ring--before it started working on you. I'd give anything to have that time back again, to have you the way you were then. With your eyes all dancing and full of fun. Not like you are now.

"I saw how it started working on you when we left Hobbiton, how you started getting frightened of everything. The rest of us didn't feel it like that--how could we, we weren't the ones they were after--but I saw how it was with you. I would have done anything to keep you safe from those Black Riders. I couldn't do that at Weathertop, they just knocked me aside like I was nothing and got at you.

"Then, somehow, we got to Rivendell and Elrond healed you. I know you wanted to go home then, you wanted to lay it aside. But you didn't. All those fine men and elves and dwarves--none of them stepped up to take it. You did, even knowing what it would do to you by then. I know you would have taken it all by yourself, gone on alone--not that I would have let that happen. I never saw a braver thing than when you said you'd take it.

"You did try to go alone when we got to the falls--tried to leave without even your Sam to go with you though I know why you did it. Even if you had got away from me, I would have gone after you. Don't you know that? That hurt.

"But nothing hurt like seeing you with Faramir. It knocked the breath out me."

"Sam, you don't have to ..."

"Yes, I do, and you have to listen. You owe me that much. I've never asked anything from you other than to go along with you and take care of you. Never thought there could be any more between us even though I wanted it. I used to lie awake at night dreaming of it. Must be why I didn't realize it wasn't real when you came to me last night. My head's been so full of you all these years that I never thought you'd not mean it, just do it to make me feel better.

"Don't know why I thought you meant it, considering you'd just been with him and were still dreaming of him. Still are, aren't you?

"It doesn't matter. It's not important now. We've got to go on and get this thing done. Maybe there'll be time later, but not now."

"I do love you, Sam."

"I know you do, and I love you even though you've ripped my heart right out."

"What do we do?"

"Nothing. Just keep on. I'll not leave you, whether or no you feel the same about me as I do you. I made a promise that I'd go with you and keep you safe. I'll keep that promise even if I have to carry you up Mount Doom on my back.

"Lay your head back in my lap and get some sleep. It's a hard climb we've got in a few hours, and you need your strength."

"You'd still do that for me after what I've done?"

"What else would you have me do? I've got to try to sleep too--how could I do that if I couldn't have your head in my lap so I know where you are? You've got your job, and you need your strength to do it. Just lay your head down, and let your Sam do his job."

I don't sleep. I sit there for hours watching him, stroking his head when he moans in his sleep. I'll keep my promise.