Wrestling Sister

My friend and me were wrestling in my basement when my step sister (15 years) came in and said she would beat who ever won our match. We wrestle a lot and laughed at the thought of her challenging us to wrestle. We thought it was a joke. I won the match so she said she'd wrestle me, and the winner would have to kiss the losers ass. At first I though it would be a piece of cake to beat her but as soon as we started really wrestling she got me in a headlock and took me down hard. I tried to play dirty and pull her shorts down to get lose but she bent my arm behind my back and sat on me. I was in major pain and could not get lose so I had to give in. It was embarrassing, and on top of that my sister was pissed at me for pulling her shorts down so before she would let my arm go she made me stand up and she forcibly pulled my shorts and underwear down in front of my friend who was totally laughing at me. It was the first time she and my friend had ever seen my ween*r. She slapped my naked butt a few times and then, with my arm still wrenched up behind me, made me bend over, apologize, and then kiss her ass. It was so humiliating. 

Later that night my sister came into my bedroom and asked if I was really mad about the wrestling match earlier. Of course I was and I didn't even want to talk to her really. She asked me if I wanted a rematch. She said if I won she would let me take all her clothes off, but if I lost I would have to also. I wanted to kick her ass and get revenge bad so I gladly said yes. She was in a nightshirt and knickers only, and it was easy to tell she had no bra on either so I was looking forward to it. This time I wasn't going to go easy on her like I made the mistake of doing last time. We started and the first thing she did was try to get me in a headlock again. This time though I spun around her quick and took her down to the floor by the waist. We both landed on the floor and rolled around for a while trying to get an advantage. She got some leverage and rolled over on me pinning me on my back with her ass right in my face trying to sit on my face and pin my arms and legs to the carpet. In a 69 position she smashed her crotch down on my face smoothing me with her ass while laughing her head off at me. I couldn't believe my sister in only her knickers was sitting on my face. Part of her knickers had ridden up her butt crack so a lot of her smooth round cheek was exposed as she smothered me with her warm crotch. I was getting a stiff one now. Before she could pin me down I quickly pulled her arms out from under her and shoved her forward scissor locking her head in my crotch so she could not get loose. I had her face now locked between my legs buried in my crotch, pressed against my hard d*ck in my shorts, and I had both her arms pulled behind her so she could not push herself off. Her shirt had slid all the way forward and I could fully see her boobies hanging down. She was struggling but I could tell she was not really wrestling as hard as last time. It seemed like she was almost letting me win on purpose. I didn’t care and wanted to fully beat her, and make her get naked too. She was laughing and saying, “stop it” and “let me go”, and “oh my God you are so sick” over and over while we struggled with her face rubbing against my big fat hard d*ck in my shorts. I had no underwear on and I think she was acting like she was being forced, but really liked it in truth. “Say you give in!”, I kept saying but she would not. I reached up and pushed my finger in her ass crack (through her knickers) and said if she didn’t give in I was going to shove my finger all the way up her ass. With her face still smothered and rubbing all over my hard on I started to pull her knickers aside and she finally mumbled that she gave in, and to let her go. I let her go and she rolled over on the floor, as we both tried to catch our breath. She laid on her back with her arms out and said, “Ok, just do it”. You won. I couldn’t believe this was happening but I grabbed her knickers and slid them down her beautiful hips, thighs, and off her feet, and then pulled her shirt up and off. She just lied there naked in front of me, and then rolled over on her stomach too. “There, are you happy now?” she said with a smirk on her face. 

Now to even more of my surprise, she said, “Ok, now I get to wrestle for my clothes back. If I win I get my clothes back, and you have to get naked. You ready?” 

… to be continued.. 





Best Friend Wrestle

My best friend is also coincidently my Ex-girlfriend. Needless to say, there isnt much that we haven't seen or done with each other, so it is a really laid back friendship. 
Like stupid friends we will often play fight. Even though I am a fairly athletic guy she insists that she will always beat me. Just recently she was at it again, claiming she would win. I couldn't get her to stop because i didn't want to really hit her. So i just went straight for her jeans. I had her on her back with my hands hooked into her jeans. At first i was only going to take her pants, but seeing at is an opportunity, i hooked into her knickers as well and went for it. After a little struggle they were off. Giving me a prime view of her freshly shaved pussy. I was stoked cause its one thing i miss not seeing since the break up :) 
After that I let her have her pants back. But amazingly she was not done and now insisted she would strip me as revenge! So we went for it in a full blooded wrestle. Again i had her jeans and knickers off in no time but was now determined to get it all off. It was a long haul and in the end we wrestled for about 15 minutes before i had her fully naked, with her huge tits on display. It was ceartinly a good way to "accidently" put my hands in the wrong places! 
I didnt lose a stich of clothing! In the end she gave up, but she thought the whole ordeal was fun. I certainly agreed with that. 






