Entry 176

I woke up in the hotel room (in MY room) and had the first pains of doubt about the whole photoshoot. It doesnt matter how many times they say they wont publish your name or address or any of that, you still fear it. The fear is actually, like knowing I could be one of two different people, but I am both in the dark. Should someone snap on the light, I have to be one or the other, and cant be both at all.
  Person A:
  I truly love teaching dance to the 5-8 year olds. The parents respect me and students love me, and I love them too! I am mostly thru with my Education Degree, which would be a wonderful career. I perform in the local civic performances. I am one of the teachers in the youth ministry program at daddys church. Not to mention I stay free at my parentss home, and use their car, eat their food, all that. Sexually she's safe, and not embarrassed.
   Person B:
   I am an erotic performer, which is more than just stripping off my clothes. I tease, I converse, I give to the customer the fantasy and fun particular to their needs and desires. Its taken a long time but Im now able to get into a frame of mind that makes private dances easy, even fun- and better for the customer. I have now been in several hypnosis stage shows with Celeste(name changed) and find I am able to soften out easily if I use some of the methods my therapist or Celeste use. The feeling of flying, changing my shape, or anything, and well any sensory stuff is just crazy wild. Ive won several erotic dance contests now, as well as a wet T contest (not a real contest it was a parade with a prize), and been just finished my second video / photoshoot last night, and CRUD! At first Person A was causing serious guilt and bad feelings, but once She sublimated, it was SOOOOO Kewl. I was suppose to just pose with the other models but the poses were so erotic! How can you embrace someone closely, look turned on and run your hands all over them while they do the same, and NOT get excited? Last night, just for the shoot(s), I made more money than a teacher makes several months. On the pole I make as much on a busy night as a teacher makes in a week. I do a lot of counseling work with the customers! And no teacher gets to watch people get madly aroused and even orgasm from her most subtle gestures. They dont get driven crazy-mad (near orgasmic) by customers and bought things and free drinks and all. Sexual exploration is encouraged.
   Obviously, a minister cant have a famous porngirl in his house, even if shes his daughter. Should anyone in the world of Person A learn about Person B, Person A basically would die. Immoral-hooker-slutty-sinful reprobates cant teach, at school or church, and dont get insurance, retirement, or get much respect really.
   What a choice.
   I just noticed that I wore the last outfit back from the shoot, and left my dress and purse there! I know they cleaned up, and probably Tracy has it, so when Celeste wakes up, and calls to meet me downstairs for breakfast, she has to drive me  possibly to Miami! But I have to have it! God ok, so how was I able to forget my purse, my pretty thistle dress my mom got me, and my flats, and how was I able to walk through the city, go out, and come back and not even think about wearing this? (Its the red outfit. There was a white one, a black negligee and undies set, and that leather thing). Obviously, Person A wasnt in charge last night. 
   Must ask Celeste if she tranced me when we went out.
