“The truth about what?” Rimmer said blankly, hurrying over to comfort his weeping lover; “What’s he talking about?” Lister hid his face in his arms and sobbed miserably, “I’m sorry, Rimmer,” he hiccuped, “I’m so, so sorry! I never wanted this to happen!”

“What? Lister, I want to know what’s going on!”

And Lister had no choice but to tell him everything; even the parts he hadn’t really understood himself until now. He told him how confused he’d been about his sexuality since they’d been together, and how meeting Jason – who was so openly gay and unashamed...and attractive...had confused him even more. He told him about the warning he’d got from Adam after Jason had given him his necklace, that it was a gesture that hinted at something a little more than friendship; and how he’d chosen to ignore it. He told him about the night Jason had tried to seduce him, and how he’d almost given in. He told him how he’d tried to avoid Jason ever since, right up until Rimmer had had his bright idea of how they should celebrate their anniversary. And over and over again he told him he was sorry, sorry, sorry....

Rimmer sat silently beside him, staring down at his hands and not saying a word until Lister was finished. And when he finally spoke, it wasn’t what Lister had expected. He’d expected anger, shock, perhaps even tears. But not the quiet, empty voice that said without looking up at him, “Lister...Perhaps you should go after him.”

The words were like a bullet straight to Lister’s heart. “What?” he sniffled, his voice shaking.

“I think you should go after him before it’s too late,” Rimmer reiterated flatly, still staring steadfastly at the floor. 

“Are you throwing me out?” Lister asked in a small voice.

“No,” Rimmer said simply, “But I want you to be happy. And if it’s Jason you want...then I won’t stand in your way.” 

For a moment Lister was too stunned and astounded to reply, but when he could, he made his feelings clear. “I don’t want Jason!” he said, “I never wanted Jason! I was confused and I was curious and for a moment maybe it seemed like he had the answers; but I never really wanted him! I want you! I love you!” He burst into fresh sobs.

“Are you sure?” Rimmer looked at him sternly and Lister was startled by the gravity in his voice, “And don’t say yes just because you know it’s what I want to hear. Think hard Lister, because there are only so many times a man can lose before he gives up altogether; and I have a feeling that if Jason loses this round he might not be very willing to keep playing this game with you. Do you see what I’m saying? I think you need to choose now or you won’t have a choice at all.”

Lister stared at him for a moment, then moved back slightly and lifted up his shirt to expose the two scars on his side. “Do you remember the day I got these?” he asked softly, tears still sliding his cheeks. Rimmer said nothing. He didn’t need to. “You remember when you found me,” Lister continued, “I was almost gone. And I knew that I was probably dying because I’d never been in so much pain before in all my life. But I didn’t care. Because you were with me. And when I looked up into your face I could see all the words we’d never said to each other right there in your eyes and I knew you felt the same way I did. And I could have died right then in peace knowing that you loved me...and that you knew I loved you.”

He took Rimmer’s hand and pressed it over the scars, “You gave me the will to live that day. And I think I would want to die now if I really thought you couldn’t tell just by looking into my eyes anymore just how much I love you.” His tears dropped down onto their joined hands and he swallowed hard as he stared into Rimmer’s eyes.

Rimmer stared back at him, hesitating, then pulled him into a tight hug; “Oh, stop crying! You’re such a smegging drama queen!” Lister clung to him with desperate relief, “Aren’t you angry with me?”

“Oh, I’m angry with you,” Rimmer said, fixing him with a look, “Make no mistake about that, miladdo. You fooled around with someone behind my back and told me about a million lies, so don’t think you’re off the hook entirely. We’ve got a long way to go before you’re off the hook. But...I may be a fool and a moron but I hate it when you cry. I still love you way too much.”

“What are we going to do about Jason?” Lister sniffed.

“Don’t look at me,” Rimmer shrugged, “That’s your mess and you’re the one who’s going to have to clean it up. He’ll get over it eventually; but if you two are going to be able to work together or even stay friends then you’re going to have to do some serious apologising, my lad.” Lister nodded glumly

“I know. I wouldn’t blame him if he never wanted to speak to me again. And Adam and Rich are going to give me a royal bollocking if they ever find out about all this.”

“If it’s only Adam and Richard who find out then count yourself lucky. After this afternoon’s display the whole village are going to be talking, you know.” Lister winced, “It’s at times like these I really miss being stranded on Starbug.”

“Well....” Rimmer said slowly, after a moments thought, “Perhaps...with things the way they are at the moment...a short trip away from Santa Ria might be a good thing.” Lister looked up in surprise. “Not for long,” Rimmer added, “Just a week or two. We could take Starbug and find a little planet somewhere, just the two of us, for a little bit of alone time.” 

“That would be wonderful,” Lister smiled hopefully, reaching over to squeeze Rimmer’s hand.

“And maybe when we come back the gossip will have died down and Jason will have cooled off enough for everyone to move on and forget about this mess.”

Lister snuggled up to him, “And we can celebrate our anniversary properly without anyone else around.”

“Ah, yes. That would definitely be a bonus,” Rimmer hugged him close, “I think we’ve shared each other quite enough. From now on, I think, we’d better stop being so generous and keep each other to ourselves.”

“Gets my vote,” Lister agreed firmly. “Let’s go and tell the others that we’re taking off for a bit and then load up the ‘Bug. Maybe we can even get out of here in time to see the sunset on a beach somewhere....We could build a little shack right by the sea and catch fish to eat!”

“Lister,” Rimmer said, giving him an odd look, “We are coming back. This is only a holiday, you know.”

“I know,” Lister said innocently, then smiled; “But there’s nothing wrong with having a holiday home too. You know...just in case...sometime in the future...”

Rimmer shook his head with a smile and said nothing. “Let’s go and pack.”

THE END