
				01 my first experience
So I will start describing how was my first sexual experience. I was 15 and we, the girls from the school went into a holiday camp, I shared a room with another girl one year older, beautiful girl actually called Alessandra, I was very nave, I had masturbated only once or twice before, Alessandra was always fond on telling what her boyfriends did to her and what she did to them, I always listened but not paying to much attention, but I did ask myself how a beautiful girl like her, with black curled hair and green eyes coming from a good family would be so filthy, in my conception of course, I could not take my eyes from her, she was so beautiful and brave, I only wanted her friendship, once or twice she was telling me how her boyfriend was touching her nipples, she lift her shirt and undo her bra and showed to me, I was mesmerized looking her beautiful tits being displayed to me, she said: -Do you want to feel it, you can do it! It's not a problem, we are friends, come on touch it. 
	I didn't dare really, and talked her away, I was wondering why that girl would like me to touch her? I could not dream women were able to give pleasure to each other, so wrong I was... On the same night I was dreaming with her, that I was touching her, and she was dominating me, it was very suffocating, it was a kind of nightmare. Then I wake up and it was raining, it was a terrible storm, with loads of thunders,  I looked to her side and Alessandra was staring at me.
 -Are you afraid? -She said.
 -Yes.- I was not, don't know why I said that.
 She jumped to my bed. -I will comfort you. -She started caressing me, very softly at the begin, it was so good really, I felt so proud such beautiful girl wanting to be a real friend to me, she was giving little kisses in my checks, I was getting so warm, didn't ever felt that warm, she told me I was with fever, but she would take care of me, she told me to undress, actually she did order me, and I followed, she then started caressing me more openly, I asked her what was going on, she just told me to shut up, she played with me nipples, then sucked them all, I was petrified, but suddenly she gave me a kiss, her tongue perforated my mouth, and my resistance just melted down, she did me right, she said I was the most beautiful girl on the camp, she said she would teach me a lesson what a man would do to a woman, she said to pretend she was a man, it was like training. I relaxed more and she passed her tongue on my legs, on my belly, and finally on my pussy, she did even kiss my ass, saying what a beautiful ass you got here, she would suck my pussy, lick my clitoris then kiss my mouth, I was responding more, when she was sucking my pussy for the second time, I felt something wonderful coming from inside me, I was cuming, yes I did cum on her mouth, then she put her pussy up on mine and she was making our clits touch each other. 
Finally she laid beside me and told me I was a wonderful girl, she asked me if she was a good man, I said that I never a man before so I could not say it, she asked me to pretend for fucks sake! After that everyday she was teaching me a different lesson, I was eventually interested on her body. Alessandra was the first person interested in elevating myself steam which usually was so low, I started looking at myself on the mirror, and find myself as a beautiful female, not as a young girl anymore. Six years on she married, and I am bi, or fem lesbian, guess she is still a lesbian too. On the same camp I had more experiences, tell you later.

2001/5761
please email doloreskrugg@hotmail.com for coments.
