A Right and Proper Switching

"There was a major incident here at the school this afternoon," Miss 
Adams, the administrator, told her staff in the hastily formed 
Wednesday meeting.  "There were eleven students involved, and they had 
a well planned strategy for escape.  They got further than any 
previous attempts, and it was Alisha's sharp eye that thwarted the 
caper."  Miss Adams paused for a moment and continued.  "I'm willing 
to listen to ideas about how to deal with the situation of this 
magnitude.  I have some ideas, but I want to hear from you first.  
Anyone?"

"Has group discipline been considered?" Darla injected.

"Please explain."

"Well, if it were up to me," the dark-haired instructress with an 
at-times bossy demeanor said, "I'd get 'em all in the discipline room 
and give each of them a right and proper switchin'!"

Vicky, another instructress, asked, "Just what IS a right and proper 
switching?"

"Well, when I was a girl, I got a few of 'em.  She'd go cut a crepe 
myrtle switch and hold on to me and give it to me good, real fast 
like, till it was wore out.  Let me tell you, that really did the 
job!"

"You think that would work here at the school?  I mean, these are 
multiple probation violators that we have, and they've gotten the 
strap in the discipline room before."

"The difference is when they get a switchin' in front of their 
friends, they'll try to be all, you know, tough about it.  When we 
give 'em the strap when they're by themselves, they carry on and all."

Miss Adams said, "I like that idea.  I'll have some modifications made 
to the discipline room in the next two days to accommodate the plan.  
Darla, have you given switchings before?"

"Yes."

"Vicky?"

"I gave my boyfriend some switchings a few months ago.  I think we 
ought to give these guys two or three switches each, until they're 
worn out!"

"Darla, I'd like you and Vicky to cut the switches and soak them in 
salt water until they're ready to be used.  Each of you will take 
turns administering the punishment.  Also, we'll have everyone else in 
lockdown and provide audio and video feed into each room - that way 
everyone will be watching and listening."

Murmurs of excited assent filled the room, and Miss Adams announced 
that they'd work out the details of the session by the next day, and 
adjourned the meeting.

Vicky and Darla roamed the grounds of the school and selected a nice 
bunch of crepe myrtle switches.  They were somewhat longer and thicker 
than the ones that they had used on their boyfriends.  After trimming 
and preparing the switches, they soaked them in a vat of salt water.

"Maybe I should get some more practice on my boyfriend using the 
switch," Vicky quipped with a dizzy smile that showed her pleasure at 
the thought.

Darla giggled.  "Yeah, I can't wait for the session.  I told my 
boyfriend to be ready for me when I get home Friday night - I get so 
hot thinking about what we're gonna be doing, we're gonna have quite a 
romp."

Two days later, Friday evening, the punishment room was ready.  There 
was a solid wooden beam affixed to the ceiling, three feet out from 
the wall, all around the room.  The beam had good sized metal rings 
spaced approximately four feet apart.  There were also hinged metal 
rings which were flush with the floor when they weren't being used, 
spaced appropriately.

Darla and Vicky watched as Nadine and Kathy led the miscreants in, one 
by one, and bound each one's wrists together and, arms stretched above 
their heads, hooked to a ring in the ceiling.  Then they cinched a 
strap around the male's knees, binding their legs together.  They 
attached a short binding strap around the ankles of each miscreant and 
tied the strap to a floor ring.  The process of getting the eleven 
students bound for their punishment consumed over a half hour.  Each 
one at this point was still fully clothed.  Nadine set up the video 
camera and set the feed to go to all areas of the institution.

Miss Adams asked her staff in attendance if everyone was ready.  They 
all said they were.  "Very well.  We will now begin.  Vicky, you may 
administer first.  Apply two switches until they can no longer be 
used."

Vicky's heart pounded.  She kept her composure as she loosened and 
pulled down the pants of the first one to mid-thigh.  The bared middle 
was in sharp contrast to the clothed area, and intensified the feeling 
of vulnerability in the soon to be punished male.  Darla stood in 
front of him.  Vicky retrieved two sturdy switches from the vat of 
salt water and asked Darla to hold one of them for her until she 
needed it.

Vicky got in position to give the switching - mostly to one side of 
the bare bottomed male.  She placed her feet well apart, and pointed 
her toes inward.  Her skirt was rather tight and kept her from 
spreading her knees.  She bent her knees slightly and commenced the 
switching, and kept her feet in place as she switched without pausing. 
 With every swipe of the sturdy switch, she swiveled her hips, 
creating an erotic spectacle to an observer.

The manner in which the male was bound prevented evasive movement 
other than limited twisting from side to side, which he assuredly 
attempted from the start.  During the first several strokes, which 
took place over a few seconds, he pressed his lips together in 
diligent determination to avoid an outcry around the other males that 
he knew were there.  The intense pain from the switch, combined with 
Vicky's skillful administration, made that impossible after a moment.  
Several times the sturdy switch curled around the right side of his 
bottom and hips, raising an instant red weal there.  He twisted and 
writhed to the extent that his bindings allowed.

Whipp! Whipp! Whippp! Whipp! Whipp! Whipp!

"... AAAH! OWW! OHH! OWW! AAAH! OOOH! AAAAAAH! OH! OOOH! OWWW!"

"Faster, Vicky, if you can," Darla said.

Vicky stepped up the rate at which she applied the switching, and 
swiveled her hips more quickly and excitedly.  The faster pace had an 
instant effect on the recipient, whose ardent writhing and genuine 
exclamations were no secret to the other bound males in line for the 
same treatment.  The ones who were in a position to glance at the 
scene shuddered in fearful anticipation.

The sturdy switch held up for a couple more minutes, and by the time 
it frayed Vicky had applied a great many strokes, diagonally and at 
various angles across the bare nether cheeks of the male.  Darla 
handed her a fresh switch, and she continued the punishment.  The 
recipient's reaction, both vocal and physical, was predictable - 
intense writhing and squirming, and spirited supplication for the 
switching to stop.  But Vicky was not swayed by any of it, and simply 
switched and switched, fast and hard, until the second switch was 
frayed.

They left the first recipient bound in position and Darla retrieved 
two switches.  Nadine moved the video camera and microphone to the new 
target.  Vicky stepped in front of the next bound male and pulled his 
pants down.  She then held Darla's spare switch and observed.

"This is how they give a good switchin' where I grew up," Darla 
announced.  She stood with her legs as far apart as her short black 
skirt allowed, and with teeth clenched and lips pressed firmly 
together, gave hard, rapid strokes.  In sharp contrast to Vicky, she 
stood motionless except for her arm that gave the nonstop switch 
strokes.

"Ow! OWW! OH! AAUGH! NO! OOH! AAAAAAAAH! OW-OW! AAAAGH!..."

The young man's intense reaction to the switching conveyed the 
effectiveness of Darla's attentions.  As she switched, she watched the 
pattern of angry thin striations rapidly appear on the writhing, 
wiggling nether cheeks of her charge.  This switching went on and on, 
and the young man fervently pleaded for relief long before the first 
switch was frayed.  His bottom was well etched with red weals when 
Darla reached for the second switch.

Taking no particular aim except that the switch struck on the bare 
bottom, Darla resumed and continued to administer hard, rapid strokes, 
paying no attention to her charge's strident pleas for mercy.  She 
laid many of these striations diagonally on the recipient's bare 
bottom where they intersected previous strokes.  The shouts that 
filled the room were a constant reminder of what awaited the ones who 
were bound in position but had not received the switch.

Vicky's turn came, and she vigorously whipped each switch in turn 
until it was frayed beyond use.  Then Darla, and they alternated.  The 
various recipients had almost identical vocal and physical reactions, 
differing only in how long they stood the switch before giving in to 
exclamations and supplication.

When the final recipient's turn came, Miss Adams informed the two 
switchmistresses that this one was the organizer of the caper, and 
that she wanted both Vicky and Darla to have a turn at this one.  She 
further instructed that the miscreant's thighs and legs were fair game 
for their attentions.  "Vicky, why don't you go first.  Two switches."

Vicky, after sizing up her target, switched randomly from the waist 
down.  The intense sensation of the biting switch had the miscreant 
twisting and writhing as much as his restraints allowed.  He freely 
cried out when Vicky started in with the second switch.  While Vicky 
swiveled her hips, her recipient writhed and struggled.  The other 
miscreants, their bared bottoms still smarting from their switchings, 
heard a litany of outcries and pleading they would not soon forget.

Vicky's face was flushed and her crotch wet from arousal when the 
second switch frayed, and Darla stepped up.  With her characteristic 
stance of spread legs, bent knees, and one hand on her hip, she 
switched and switched.  She was oblivious to the sounds in the room as 
she applied the first switch, and then the second one.  Her 
concentration was divided between the task at hand, and her wanting to 
get home and feel her boyfriend's hardness inside her.  Miss Adams had 
her own plans for afterward.

While the switchings were carried out, everyone who was not in the 
discipline room had watched the video feed to the screens in their 
rooms.  All the inmates and staff also heard the vocal reactions from 
each recipient in turn.  Televising of a punishment had never before 
been done at the school.  Naturally, the scene had everyone's rapt 
attention.

One by one, each student was led back to his quarters, and was walked 
through the halls with his pants pulled down in the same way he 
received the switching.  Hands bound behind him, led by two escorts, 
it was a humiliating journey for each one.

Miss Adams thanked Darla, Vicky, and the staff for their work that 
evening, and went to her office.

Darla went home, undressed, and crawled into bed with her boyfriend.  
He pulled her close, his hard cock nestled between her legs.  She 
whispered a description of the evening's events, 
getting more excited as she related the story.  As her arousal 
increased she spread her slender legs apart.  She gasped when he 
entered her.  He slid in easily, and her aroused womanhood welcomed 
him inside.  Her excitement made every nerve fiber in her vagina 
sensitive to the movement of her boyfriend's hard member.  He probed, 
plowed, and pumped.  Her hips trembled, she gritted her teeth, and 
exploded in climax.  The power of Darla's orgasm sent him past the 
point of inevitability, and he spurted uncontrollably.

Vicky, alone that night, went to bed and turned off the light.  Erotic 
frustration kept its hold on her, and she irritatedly threw off her 
covers and spread her legs.  Her own lubricant, sticky and profuse, 
oozed from her womanhood.  She unabashedly moaned as her experienced 
fingers stroked her labia and ever protruding clitoris.  She held 
mental images of the switchings she gave that evening - the striations 
of red weals on the bare bottom of the miscreants; their wiggling and 
struggling against their restraints; her increasing arousal.  The 
stimulation overcame her and she surrendered to an intense and 
satisfying climax.

Miss Adams, alone in her office with the door locked, slipped off her 
panties, seated herself in front of the video monitors, and replayed 
the video recordings of the switchings.  She hiked up her dress, 
spread her legs, and used her profuse natural lubricant as she 
stimulated herself.  Throughout the replay she brought herself to 
several orgasms watching Vicky wiggle her hips while she switched, and 
seeing Darla's experienced and capable arm apply the striating 
punishment.

Sated with orgasmic relief, Miss Adams bunched her panities in her 
fist and shoved them into her briefcase.  Then she left for the night, 
having seen a right and proper switching.

-----
This work is copyright 2006 by the author.  Commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
