Sarah's Lost Bet 

A few weeks ago my wife, Sarah, and I made a bet on 
something we were both absolutely certain we were right 
about. The bet was for one evening of whatever the 
winner wanted - total control. I won, and Sarah was 
appalled. I am always trying to talk her into letting me
show off her body more, like flashing truckers on the 
highway or getting caught undressed when our next door 
neighbor, Jim, is over.

She will occasionally let a button "accidentally" come 
open when he is around if she's had a couple of beers, 
but voluntarily showing a breast or her pussy is too 
much for her. She knows it is a turn-on for me, but it 
is very difficult to get past her modesty. 

When I won this bet she was VERY nervous, because she 
knew what I would want her to do. But give her credit: 
she didn't try to back out of the bet. 

The evening before I claimed my winnings, I talked to 
Jim about my plans, and he was more than willing to 
help out. I started off the evening by taking her to The 
Melting Pot, a fondue restaurant here in Richmond. 

It is very nice - dark and romantic. We were seated in a 
booth in a small room. It was early enough that we were 
the only ones in the room. After we had ordered our 
first drink, I told her to unbutton another button on 
her dress. This would open it to just below her breasts. 
Since I had vetoed any underwear, when she did she was 
more exposed than she ever had been in public. She sat 
up straight to keep the dress from opening too much, but 
as we ate and drank our wine she relaxed and seemed to 
forget about how exposed she was. She was sitting 
leaning forward a bit with her shoulders sort of 
slumped, and the view was wonderful. I could see some of 
both breasts, nearly to the aureole. Our waiter, Aaron, 
was very attentive. 

Before desert arrived I told her to unbutton one more 
button. Her dress was now open to well below her 
breasts. When she sat up straight you couldn't see much. 
But when she would lean forward to take a bite of desert 
it would fall away from her body and I could see most of 
both breasts, including her nipples. The drinks and wine 
had had an effect, and she soon grew careless, leaning 
forward and allowing me to enjoy the view. I told her I 
loved the way she looked, and to keep sitting that way. 
She was embarrassed, but did as I told her. 

Our waiter arrived to clear the desert and offer us an 
after dinner drink.  When Sarah saw him she gave a 
little start and straightened up. With him standing 
right there I said, "Sarah, tell Aaron what our 
arrangement is tonight." He looked at me with a puzzled 
expression, then at Sarah. She looked down at the table 
and said, just as I had made her agree before we left 
home, "I have to do whatever he wants, whenever he 
wants, with no argument and no hesitation." I said, 
"Good girl," then explained to Aaron that she had lost a 
bet, and this was how she was paying it off. He grinned 
as he began to understand. 

"Now, Sarah," I said, "that's not how I told you to 
sit, is it?" Still looking down at the table she shook 
her head. "Show Aaron how you were sitting before he 
walked up." She hesitated and looked at me without 
moving, nervously biting her lip. This was what she had 
been afraid of. She said, "I don't think I can do this."

I replied, "Come on, Sarah. You have to do it.  You 
made the bet, now it's time to pay up. Aaron won't mind, 
will you?" "Hey, not a bit", he said, guessing what was 
coming. Sarah took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and 
slowly did as she was told. The top of her dress fell 
forward again and gaped open, and we could both see her 
breasts right down to the nipples. What a turn-on! 

"That's much better", I said. "Now, Sarah, you did what 
I told you to do, but it wasn't without hesitation, the 
way you agreed. You are going to have to pay a penalty 
to remind you not to hesitate when I tell you to do 
something this evening. Unbutton another button."

Reluctantly, she did. The dress was now unbuttoned clear 
to her waist. "Good girl. Now open the dress and give 
Aaron a good look at what you were embarrassed to let 
him see the first time." Her eyes opened wide, and she 
looked across the table at me you could see the color 
drain from her face. He had already seen her breasts, 
but actively showing them to him was a very big step. 
"Are you hesitating?"

"No!" she said quickly, then slowly reached up and took 
hold of the sides of her dress. Glancing around the room 
to make sure there was no one else who could see, she 
opened it briefly, the immediately closed it again. 

"Way too fast, Honey. Do it again, but this time hold 
the dress open until I tell you to close it." She closed 
her eyes again and parted the material, letting her 
gorgeous tits spill out. Aaron was transfixed. He stared 
at her breasts and said, "Wow! Excellent!"

"That's not so difficult, is it, Darling? Now look at 
Aaron and thank him for the compliment. Then you can 
close your dress and button that one button," I told 
her. She was absolutely scarlet, but did as she was 
told. 

"So did you learn anything?" I asked when he left.

"Yes. If I don't do what you tell me to do, the 
punishment is worse that what I would have had to do in 
the first place."

"Very good. Remember that, and go back to sitting like 
you were, and stay that way when Aaron comes back. If 
you are good, maybe I won't have you show him your 
pussy."

She did as she was told, and when Aaron returned with 
out check he stayed and talked a few minutes and thanked 
us both for a very enjoyable experience. All the while 
he was enjoying the view of Sarah's naked tits. 

I went home via the interstate, and just to keep things 
interesting I had her unbutton the last button again. 
When we passed a big truck I would reach over and open 
her dress and fondle her tit. We got a couple of 
appreciative horn toots, and I know she was embarrassed, 
but she didn't try to cover up. I guess she was afraid 
of what I would have her do if she did! 

When we got home she said that it wasn't as bad or as 
difficult as she thought it would be. She even said she 
didn't know whether she was more embarrassed, afraid, or 
excited. She thought she was done, but I told her to go 
into the bedroom and undress. I had already tied some 
soft cord to the corners of out king size bed. I had her 
lay down, and quickly tied her nude and spread eagle on 
the bed. This was not really a first. We had experi-
mented with light bondage a few times, but it was 
never a big part of out sex life.  This time, though, 
she was in for a surprise. 

I was kissing her and running my hands over her body and 
she was getting really turned on. Then the doorbell 
rang. I quickly pulled the sheet up to her neck and went 
to answer the door, telling her I would be right back. I 
had arranged, of course, for Jim to come over fifteen 
minutes after he saw us return home. His grin was as big 
as mine when I answered the door. I motioned him to be 
quiet and led him back to the bedroom. When I walked in 
Sarah said, "Who was . . .?" and then she saw Jim.

I thought she was embarrassed at the restaurant, but her 
face went from red to pale, the back to red again as she 
realized she was caught playing at bondage, then remem-
bered that she was naked under the sheet, then finally
realized what I planned to do. "Oh my God!" was all she
could say over and over again. 

Jim and I stood at the foot of the bed, savoring the 
moment. Finally I said, "Sarah, you know I have wanted 
to show you off to Jim for a long time, and you 
wouldn't let me do it. Jim has always wanted to get a 
good look at your body, so tonight's the night you're 
going to make up both happy." I pulled the sheet down to 
just above her breasts. "This is about all you're 
usually willing to let Jim see. Now I'm going to show 
him what he's been missing. Jim, take a look at this."

With that, I very slowly pulled the sheet down over her 
terrific tits and down to her waist. She tried to pull 
her hands free to cover up, but all she accomplished was 
to make her tits bounce around enticingly. She stopped 
struggling. We moved up to sit on the bed, one of each 
side of her. He was telling her how sexy and beautiful 
she looked, and I said as I reached for her right 
breast, "Touch her and feel how soft her skin is."

As he reached over and started to caress her left 
breast, she again moaned, "Oh my God!" Nothing else 
turns her on like playing with her breasts, and she 
later told me that having two men touch her at once for 
the first time was the most incredible rush she had ever 
experienced. 

After several minutes of touching, rubbing, and sucking 
of her breasts, I said to Jim, "Her tits are really 
nice, but let me show you something truly magnificent."

We moved to the foot of the bed and I again grabbed the 
sheet and slowly pulled it down her body. Sarah was 
squirming and kept saying, "Oh my God, I can't believe 
you're really going to do this!"

Slowly her pubic hair came into view, then we could see 
her pussy peaking out from between her spread legs, then 
finally the sheet was off completely. 

What a moment! There was my darling, proper, modest 
wife, tied to our bed, nude, with her legs spread wide 
open, with Jim standing there looking at her. And she 
couldn't move or cover up; all she could do was lay 
there and let him look. I had wanted this and fantasized 
about it for so long, and finally, here it was!

We sat down between her legs and I reached up and spread 
the lips of her vagina wide open so we could see all the 
way up inside her. My hands were shaking. I had never 
been so excited. We could tell she was getting excited, 
too, because we could see that she was getting very wet. 

We both touched her and rubbed her and played with her, 
taking turns finger-fucking her and gently rubbing her 
clit. She was moaning and started arching her back, 
pushing her pussy up to meet our fingers. I had three 
fingers inside her and Jim was rubbing her clit when I 
said, "Go ahead and taste her."

I guess that was all it took. She moaned, "Oh God yes!" 
and before his mouth even touched her I felt the 
rhythmic contractions that signaled her first orgasm. 
She had several more over the next hour or so as we 
kissed, rubbed, and sucked her until she was panting and 
covered in a sheen of sweat.

As she was about to reach another climax, I said, 
"Sarah, it's after midnight so you've paid off the bet, 
but I want to keep going. Am I still in charge?" 

OK, I admit it. I took advantage of the situation. After 
all, who can say no when they are about to come? When 
she said, "Oh yes!" I said, "Jim, you heard her. I'm 
in change, and I say she needs to be fucked. Would you 
like to do the honors?"

He wholeheartedly agreed and enthusiastically accepted. 
I moved up to the head of the bed. She eagerly took my 
cock in her mouth. Jim moved higher between her legs 
and put the head of his dick at the entrance to her 
vagina. He slowly slid his cock inside her and I heard 
the familiar little "unh" that always comes when I first 
enter her. It was done. She was being fucked by two men 
at once and obviously loving it! In fact, all three of 
us were loving it. We took turns fucking and sucking her 
the rest of the night.

Somewhere along the way she was untied and participated 
as enthusiastically as we did. Finally, sometime around 
dawn, we called it a night. Jim went home and Sarah 
and I cuddled together and fell into a deep, satisfied 
sleep.





