Jared stood in line behind two hand-holding guys who couldn't decide if they wanted to buy tickets for the dinner before the Valentine's Day dance or not. He rolled his eyes and grinned a little, thinking college really was awesome.

Jensen smiled politely at the couple in front of him, even though he could cheerfully throttle them. They were holding up the line, and Jensen knew the crowd would get restless. "Why don't you guys think about it over lunch and come back for the dinner tickets later, if you decide you want to go?"

Jared's grin increased as the boyfriends took their dance tickets and headed off. He stepped up to the counter, opened his mouth, looked into the window and blurted, "Fucking Jensen Ackles?!"

Smiling warily at the exclamation, Jensen tilted his head and stared at the oddly familiar guy in front of him. "Yeah?" he asked, looking through the window before he gasped. "Wait! You're Jared...right? Jared Pada-something-or-other."

Jared threw back his head and laughed. "Not the scarecrow anymore, even if I do still fall over my own feet. I need three tickets and for you to tell me what you're doing selling them, Mr. I-don't-like-boys."

Jensen laughed, blushed a little and grabbed three tickets. He ignored the questions and logged the tickets as sold. "That's forty-five dollars," he said, giving Jared his best cocky grin. "Yeah, well maybe I realized there're a few guys who're more interesting than girls."

Jared slid sixty dollars to Jensen and wiggled his eyebrows. "So are you going with someone?"

"No, I'll be helping set up and working. It didn't seem fair to drag a date along to that," Jensen said with a laugh, making Jared's change and sliding it back to him. "Oh, wait...did you want dinner tickets too?"

Jared paused and then shook his head. "Mike and Tom'll have dinner before, and dinner at the dance by myself seems lame."

Jensen nodded. "Yeah, I get that...well, I guess I'll see you there, then?"

"Save me a dance?" Jared asked. "I always did want a chance to dance with the school heartbreaker."

Winking, Jensen smiled at Jared and nodded. "You've got it...one dance just for Jared Pada-something," he teased.

"Padalecki," Jared said. "And don't you forget it...or the dance." He saluted Jensen with the tickets.

Jensen laughed, grinning and watching Jared walk away from him. The dance was beginning to look even more appealing.
``````````

Jared watched Mike and Tom gyrate on the dance floor with a fond smile and then checked out the rest of the crowd. They'd been there for a couple of hours already, and Jared had danced with more gay guys than he even knew attended the college. But no Jensen. It was time to find his former (and yeah, ongoing) crush.

Jensen had managed to make it through his hours on duty at the dance and finally made it onto the floor, dancing with a couple of his friends in a loose group. He was smiling, laughing at some of the crazier moves they tried and doing his best to let the responsibility of the night slip from his shoulders.

Jared noticed Jensen dancing near, but not with, a couple of people at the edge of the floor. He sidled over quickly, trying not to make any noise before he looped an arm around Jensen's waist. "May I cut in, cowboy?"

Jumping, Jensen tensed slightly at the strange arm around his middle. He looked at Jared, forcing himself to relax, and smiled. "Yeah, join in," he said, moving back slightly so that Jared could make himself a part of their group.

Jared released Jensen when he felt him tense and offered a grin. He stepped into the group, nodding at the others and falling into the beat. "Sorry if I startled you."

"S'okay," Jensen said with a wink. "Not used to people sneaking up on me."

"I'm surprised," Jared said. "You always had a lot of people creeping after you in high school, fawning on your every step."

"And falling at my feet," Jensen teased. "But really, no one ever snuck up on me or would just touch me." He hastened to add, "It's not bad, just something I'm not used to; especially not since I came out'."

Jared threw back his head and laughed at the memory of landing gracelessly at Jensen's feet. He scooted closer to Jensen, dancing near his right hip. "I never really thanked you for being so nice to me back then. So, yeah, thanks. And how long have you been out and proud?"

"You were easy to be nice to, Jay," Jensen said, chuckling. "A cute, slightly bumbling kid." He turned his body slightly, facing Jared a little more. "Well, technically, I'm bi, but came out about liking guys about two years ago."

Jared edged closer, reaching out a hand to rest lightly on Jensen's right side and searching his eyes for permission. "Good for you," he said with a wink. "I was a scarecrow who could barely operate in his own body. Until senior year, when I finally started growing some muscle to go with the skin and bones. And a little more coordination. Not enough." He laughed again, voice booming over the music.

Jensen grinned, didn't comment on the hand one way or another. He was shocked that this guy was the same kid who'd crashed to the ground at his feet and gotten a bloody nose all those years ago. Time had been way more than kind to him, and Jensen found himself interested. "Coordination is good...so is filling out." He raked his gaze over Jared's chest and shoulders, letting heat show in his eyes.

"Well, you're as hot as ever," Jared said with a silly eyebrow wiggle, even though his eyes held the same heat as Jensen's. "Didn't help my crush at all to find out you were nice, too. You bastard, why didn't you break my heart and let me move on?"

"Well, if you'd just told me that was what you needed," Jensen teased again, banking the fire in his eyes and keeping the same distance between them. He was leery of someone with a crush, knowing from experience that it often ended badly. "When did you start school here?" he asked, moving them to slightly less heated topics.

"I'm a freshman. Haven't decided what to major in yet or anything. Just getting a feel for college life...and it's fucking awesome! Even if my roommate was apparently raised by wolverines."

Jensen laughed outright. "Yeah? What's he done that makes you think that?"

"I swear he growls at me if he thinks I've gotten too near his side of the room. And he has like a den in his bed, which he spends most of his time in. If he could scent mark the room, I think he would," Jared said with a rueful head shake. "I'd be afraid of him, if he wasn't like four feet tall."

Snorting this time, Jensen just shook his head. He remembered his own freshman roommate and was glad when he got to choose someone for sophomore year. "At least he doesn't lock you out to have an orgy or anything," Jensen said, stopping when the dance ended. He was hot, needed a drink and looked around to see his friends had all sort of melted away. "You want a drink?"

"Yeah, that would truly be awful. I don't believe in sexiling my roommates, even if they are wolverine relatives." Jared nodded eagerly and said, "I'd love a drink, Jensen."

Jensen angled his head to the side to indicate Jared should move out of the crowd and almost sighed in relief when a slow song came on. He put his hand on Jared's back and guided him past the refreshment table and into the back storage room behind it, searching for his own stash of drinks that he'd brought. Alcohol was served strictly to those of age, but Jensen had a few friends that willingly supplied him with beer. "You want one?" he asked, holding out the bottle. "Or we have soda."

Jared glanced at Jensen and said, "Guess being one of the organizers has its benefits." He paused at the question, torn between looking cool and telling the truth. "Better have the soda. I'm a total lightweight... I have to admit it. A couple of beers, and I'm stripping to Girls Just Wanna Have Fun on the nearest tabletop."

"Now that might be fun to watch," Jensen said, winking at Jared and turning to grab him a soda. "But that's probably not the impression you want to make here tonight, is it?" He handed over the soda, popped open his beer and took a sip, before dropping into one of the chairs. "Have a seat," he offered, watching Jared through slightly lowered lids. Jensen was torn between the interest curling in his gut and the worry that Jared was holding onto his high school crush.

Jared slid into one of the chairs and said, "Not exactly, no. I'm trying not to act like too big a dork here. Not sure I'm succeeding, but I'm trying anyway." He sprawled out his long legs and sighed once in satisfaction. "What are you majoring in?"

"Sports medicine," Jensen said. "I want to do physical therapy work for a major sport's team someday. So, you bought three tickets...who were there other two for? And why are you here with me and not a date?"

"Wow. That's so cool," Jared said. "I bet you take some tough classes. Yeah, the other two tickets were for my friends Mike and Tom. They've been going together since their junior year in high school. And I'm currently single...so, where better to be than with another single guy?"

Jensen nodded, sipped his beer and eyed Jared with a lazy smile. "You meet any other guys here tonight? Haven't see you at any of the other events, obviously, and I'd have thought you'd be of interest."

"I've spent most of the night with Tom and Mike so far, though I danced with a few others guys, a couple of whom I hadn't met before." Jared shrugged his big shoulders. "This is the first LBGT event I've been to. I've been trying a little bit of everything that sounds fun. Don't want to be defined by my gay."

"That's smart...it never does to be defined by any one thing," Jensen agreed, sipping the beer again and noticing that Jared wasn't really drinking his soda. "Dated anyone this year?"

"Not since Eric and I broke up at the end of high school," Jared said with a secret smirk. "I've had a couple of encounters at parties, but nothing else. I'd like to date again, though. Out in the open, you know?"

Jensen nodded, ignoring the smirk. "It was kind of a trip the first time I went out on some regular dates with a guy here."

"Eric and I were always hiding," Jared admitted. "It was pretty lame. Although, if my parents knew I was going out with someone five years older than me, they would've freaked out anyway."

Laughing, Jensen nodded again. "I bet. My parents are pretty cool with things, but they'd have freaked if I was dating a girl that much older than me in high school...never mind a guy. How long were you together?"

"A little over a year," Jared said. "He was just graduated from college and wanted more than I was able to give, ya know? But he taught me a lot, helped me accept everything and be more sure of myself. And fuck, he was hot."

"Yeah? And what made him so hot?" Jensen asked, wondering what it was that turned Jared on even as he fought with himself over those thoughts.

Jared smiled and leaned back into his chair, legs falling open even more. "He wasn't classically good-looking, but he was a man, ya know? He was comfortable with himself, and it showed in everything he did. And he had the most intense blue eyes coupled with this great smile." He chuckled and shook his head. "I do miss him sometimes, but I wasn't ready for forever."

Jensen sighed internally and then kicked himself mentally. While he didn't really fit Jared's description, he wasn't supposed to find himself wanting to fit it either. "Forever is a long time when you're still a kid. Hell, I'm not ready for forever either, not with anyone." He finished his beer and tossed the bottle in the nearby recycling bin. "Wanna dance again?"

"He also helped me get over you, dude, so there was a lot to say for that," Jared said with a wink. He chugged the rest of his soda, scored a basket in the recycling and pushed to his feet. "Hell, yeah."

Jared's words made Jensen relax a bit. He grinned and let Jared leave the little storeroom first, only to come face-to-face with his best friend, Christian Kane. He couldn't leave well enough alone and started catcalling and teasing Jensen about doing dirty things with the hot young freshman.

Jared turned on his heel and gave Jensen a questioning look over the top of the much shorter man's head.

Jensen rolled his eyes, shoved Christian into his boyfriend and grabbed Jared by the hand. "Ignore the cretins," he said, pulling Jared deep into the dance floor crowd, where Christian wasn't likely to venture.

Jared waved to them as he was tugged away and then bumped Jensen companionably as they found a spot to dance. "All good?" he asked, picking up the beat and starting to move.

"Yeah," Jensen said, moving to the beat of the music and crowding close to Jared when the people around them shifted. "They like to get at me to find a guy and settle down because they are so happily-forever-after-in-love."

"Ah that kind," Jared said, pressing close to Jensen so they bumped and rubbed together now and then. "Tom and Mike are exactly the same. They want me to settle down with a nice boy because they me to know the same bliss they do..."

Jensen nodded, moving with Jared's body and trying hard not to thrill when they brushed against each other. He wasn't looking for anything serious, and Jared screamed 'boyfriend material' from every pore, but it didn't stop him from wanting something from the other guy.

Jared grinned and rubbed a little more against Jensen, before the song changed into something slow. "Hey, uh, can we?" he asked, reaching for Jensen's hips.

Nodding jerkily, Jensen let Jared pull him in closer. He almost always avoided the slow songs, never entirely sure where to put his hands, how to hold onto a guy and dance. Jensen rested his arms over Jared's, hands light on Jared's shoulders and their bodies closer than he'd expected them to get.

Jared smiled down at Jensen and asked, "So, where are you living now?" He led them through the dance without thinking, holding Jensen as close as the other man seemed comfortable with.

"I live in an off-campus apartment with those two guys who were heckling," Jensen said with an eyeroll and a smile. "It's cool, except when they get into their matchmaking mode." With every few turns of the dance, Jensen relaxed, letting Jared lead him and pull him in close.

"Yeah, having people constantly trying to play cupid can be annoying," Jared said, looking around cautiously for his friends. "We should introduce our friends to each other and maybe then they'll start double-dating and leave us alone."

Jensen grinned. "Love it," he said, though he didn't mind the occasional attempts to set him up. They often resulted in a short-term fling he had a good time with. Sliding in slightly closer, Jensen let one hand curl over Jared's shoulder and rest on his back.

Jared slid one hand off Jensen's hip to curl somewhat possessively just over his ass. "Think it might work?" he asked, squeezing once.

Shuddering, Jensen nodded. "Can't hurt to try, right?" he asked, dragging his hand down Jared's back to mimic his hold on Jensen.

Encouraged by the reaction, Jared asked with a little jerk of his head, "Want to get out of here? I'd love some ice cream and stuff..."

"Ice cream and stuff?" Jensen asked, eyebrow arched high. He nodded then, realizing that he didn't care what Jared said, just cared about taking Jared home with him. "Yeah, let's get out of here."

"Sweet," Jared said and headed for the door with Jensen. "Uh oh, there's Mike and Tom. Can we go faster?"

Jensen sped up, tugging Jared along and out a side door. He grinned and reached for the keys inside his pocket. "Wanna go back to mine?"

"What, no ice cream?" Jared asked with a ridiculous pout. He gave Jensen the full force of his puppy dog stare.

"Okay, we'll stop for ice cream on the way," Jensen said, grinning like a loon at Jared's ridiculously adorable face. He shook his head and tugged Jared along to his car.

Jared practically skipped to Jensen's car, holding on to his hand. "Nothing makes a day better than sex and ice cream."

Jensen spluttered with laughter. "You been to Mable's? Their ice cream is legendary." Now that Jared was on about ice cream, Jensen figured he might do better than a pint from the grocery store.

"Oh fuck, yeah," Jared said with a beaming smile. "I love their ice cream. Want to share a large sundae? With bananas and strawberries?"

"Sure," Jensen agreed equably, knowing he'd not eat all that much. If they were going to have the athletic night he had planned, the last thing he wanted was to get into a food coma.

"Sweet. I need to keep up my energy. I'm still growing," Jared said with a wink.

With another snort, Jensen opened his car, climbed in and got it started. "That doesn't surprise me. Not at all." He waited until Jared was tucked into the car, turned and backed them out of the spot, drove out of the lot and then off to Mable's.

"No need to be bitter, short stuff," Jared teased. "Some people are just vertically challenged and have to watch their girlish figures."

"Yeah, you can watch my girlish figure later, how's that?" Jensen asked, eyebrow raised and smirk dancing on his lips.

"I'm looking forward to it," Jared confirmed with his own devilish grin. "Want to do more than watch..."

Jensen grinned. "You better do more than watch," he teased, pulling them into the parking lot and cutting the engine. "Let's get the ice cream to go."

"A sundae to go?" Jared asked and then paused, thinking of licking ice cream off of Jensen. "Ooooh, okay."

"I knew you were smart," Jensen said, opening the door for Jared and then following him inside. He dropped his gaze to watch Jared's ass for a moment, before almost crowding into him in line.

Jared glanced over his shoulder at Jensen and grinned at him, wiggling his ass a little against Jensen's groin. He then turned to the serious business of ice cream contemplation, as the array of flavors must be carefully chosen. "Any flavors you like a lot on your skin?" he asked.

Jensen moaned low and grabbed Jared's hips tight, looking over his shoulder and then whispering in his ear. "Since you're going to be eating off my skin, you should choose."

"What, there's not going to be joint licking?" Jared asked with a magnificent pout over his shoulder at Jensen. He was having a lot of fun. Flirting and talking with Jensen was so easy now.

"Maybe...and if I get to lick, then I want coconut," Jensen said, biting Jared's throat before stepping back so that he could order.

Jared growled softly and then turned to the flustered hostess with a huge smile. "We'll take one of your grand sundaes with four flavors: coconut, peanut butter and chocolate, caramel swirl and Neopolitan. Extra chocolate syrup and lots of whipped cream, please." He reached back to pinch Jensen's side.

Jensen laughed, danced just out of reach after the pinch and moved along the line to pay for the sundae while it was being made. He grinned and flirted with the girl behind the cash register, as normal as breathing for him.

Jared smacked Jensen on the ass as he came up beside him. "No flirting while you're out with me," he mock scolded, sticking out his tongue playfully at the girl. "And don't encourage him."

"C'mon, Carrie knows the deal," Jensen teased, winking at the girl. "We're old friends."

Carrie snorted. "Yeah, I learned real fast that while he might occasionally date girls...you're, well, you're much more his type."

Jared wrapped an arm around Jensen's shoulders and said, "He's just a big tease. But he knows I don't like it when he goes all flirty with other people." He pressed a kiss to Jensen's nape.

Jensen rolled his eyes at Carrie, but shut his mouth. He didn't really know Jared well enough to know whether or not he'd fuck off from the rest of their night if Jensen pushed it. And, being this close to fucking Jared all night wasn't something he was willing to risk.

Jared grinned over Jensen's head and tugged him to stand by the delivery window. "I don't do this often, you know."

"Do what?" Jensen asked, curious.

"Act so brave," Jared said with a grin. "Although I'm always goofy."

"Brave's a good look on you," Jensen said, returning the grin and relaxing slightly in Jared's loose embrace.

"I'll have to practice it more often," Jared said and shimmied when their order came up. He trotted over to collect the huge sundae. "All ready."

Jensen just laugher and shook his head. He nudged Jared back out the door and to the parking lot, opening the car door for him and then closing it once Jared was seated. There was no reason to risk their ice cream sundae. Climbing behind the wheel, he turned on the car and then looked at Jared. "Still good with my place?"

"Definitely not mine," Jared said with a roll of his eyes. "The wolverine might attack us."

"Right, the wolverine," Jensen chuckled, drove them away from Mable's and then the short drive to his place. "Just don't be surprised if Chris and Steve interrogate you come morning."

"Shall I tell them it's true love and that you're my Prince Charming?" Jared asked.

Jensen snorted. "Doubt they'd believe you, but please, no. I don't need them riding me about you."

"Awww, come on, Jen," Jared cooed. "You're such a good Prince Charming."

"And then I'll have to spend the rest of the year hiding from them. No thanks," Jensen said, parking the car in their tiny driveway and cutting the engine.

Jared leaned over, tilted Jensen's head and attempted to seek out his tonsils with his tongue. "I'm totally worth it."

Jensen ignored the taunt, biting Jared's lip when they slid out of the kiss. "You can try and prove it." He slid out of the car, shut and locked the doors, once Jared was out, and then led him into the still, dark house. He flicked on a switch here and there so the guys would have some light and then led Jared to his small bedroom on the first floor.

Jared followed close on Jensen's heels, sneaking peeks at his ass. He barely noticed the rest of Jensen's bedroom, too busy crowding him up against the wall and kissing him again. "I will."

Fighting the impulse to roll his eyes, Jensen kissed Jared before pushing him back and then tugging him inside the room. He pushed Jared to the bed and then turned on his bedside lamp before he faced Jared. "You might want to put the ice cream down and get undressed," he teased, pulling his shirt up and over his head to reveal a nicely defined chest.

Jared glanced at the sundae in his hands. "Mmmm, I thought you could get undressed, and I could dribble some all over you. And then I could undress, lick and suck it off."

Jensen nodded. He was pretty ready to give Jared anything to get him in bed at this. Toeing out of his shoes and thumbing the button on his jeans, he slid the zipper down and then shimmied the clothing down his legs before stepping out of them and kicking them aside.

Jared rumbled approval at the sight of Jensen stripping. "Lay on your back and spread your legs for me, Jen."

Grinning, Jensen stripped off his boxers too and then climbed onto the bed. Once there, he yanked off both socks, tossed them away and spread his legs open to Jared's gaze, reaching for his cock and lazily stroking it.

Jared popped the top off the sundae and tossed it on a dresser. He dipped his finger into the melting ice cream and sucked it clean with a soft groan. "Delicious. Want some?" He stuck his finger in the coconut and offered it to Jensen.

Jensen opened his mouth, sucked Jared’s finger inside and moaned softly. He stared into Jared's eyes, licking his tongue around the ends and tasting the salty tang beneath the sweet, creamy coconut.

"Oh, fuck, yeah," Jared said softly. "So hot." He pulled out his finger and scooped a chunk of ice cream out of the sundae and dropped it on Jensen's right nipple, dipping right down to suck it off.

Arching into Jared's mouth, Jensen continued to stroke his own cock. He knew how to keep it light and teasing, just enough to enhance the feeling of Jared's mouth on him.

"You're fucking hot," Jared said, nibbling on the bud and tugged it hard with his teeth. "Look at your cock in your hand." He scooped out another small bit of ice cream and traced it over Jensen's collarbone.

Jensen hummed his pleasure, body moving on the bed while he grinned up at Jared. "You gonna get on with it a bit here? Don't want the ice cream to melt."

"Well, aren't you pushy?" Jared purred, took a bite of ice cream and then kissed Jensen, pushing some into his mouth to share.

Sucking on Jared's tongue, Jensen moaned and brought his free hand up to tangle in Jared's hair.

"Melted ice cream is good," Jared said with a nibble to Jensen's chin. He dropped a larger bit on Jensen's chest and then licked at the dribbles before take the whole in his mouth.

"Hmmmm, feels good, Jay," Jensen said, arching against Jared's head, tangling both hands in Jared's hair.

"You like holding my head," Jensen said. "Want to put my mouth somewhere, hmm?"

Shuddering on the bed, Jensen moaned and nodded. "I want your mouth everywhere on me."

Jared scooped out ice cream with two fingers and painted Jensen’s stomach with it. He repeated the motion several times before he moved down to remove it with quick, kitten licks. "Tastes so good."

"Fuck," Jensen moaned, body twitching from hot to cold and back again. "Your fucking mouth, Jay," he groaned.

"And your body," Jared said and pressed his mouth over Jensen's bellybutton. He covered his right hand in ice cream and began stroking Jensen's cock, bumping his hand.

Jensen tightened his fingers in Jared's hair, whimpering at the cold flowing through his cock. "Fuck," he moaned again, hips jerking up into Jared's touch.

"You're so hard," Jared purred. "Gonna make such a mess for me when you come, aren't you?"

"As much of a mess as you want," Jensen said, chuckling rough and rocking his hips up again.

Jared thumbed over the head and said, "But first, I want to suck you. Suck down your flesh and the ice cream. All mingled. So good."

Jensen laughed. "Then why don't you?" he asked. "What's keeping you?"

Jared pressed up against Jensen's hands and then moved down to lick the tip of his cock. "Mmm. I'll get to it...in good time."

Jensen breathed out and reached his hands up over his head, gripping at the headboard above him. "Shoulda known you'd be a tease."

"A tease?" Jared asked softly and then slid down on Jensen's cock to suck. He scooped a combination of syrup and ice cream in one palm and then cupped Jensen's balls.

Groaning in satisfaction, Jensen rolled his hips up and toward Jared's throat. "Oh, fuck yeah," he whimpered and did his best to not thrust too hard or deep.

Jared pulled off with a sucking sound and then leaned down to clean off his sack. He made sure to get every bit of ice cream off the skin, moaning softly.

Jensen rolled his hips again, body taut with tension and need. The way Jared tasted and teased him drove Jensen insane in ways he'd never thought could happen in one night.

"Like that, Jen?" Jared purred. "Want some more?"

"Fuck yeah," Jensen moaned, body straining and arching toward Jared's.

Jared scooped some syrup on his index finger and drew his name over Jensen's lower abdomen. He scooped out enough syrup to make sure each letter was perfect. "Mine."

"Jesus," Jensen breathed out, twitching and trembling with unexpected desire.

Jared chuckled and began to clean off his name with broad sweeps of his tongue. "Want you to roll over for me, Jen."

Jensen shuddered. "You cleaned me off?"

"You want a permanent mark?" Jared rumbled. "Cause I can do that. Tattoo my name on you."

"Uh no," Jensen said chuckling a little uneasily. "Just don't want syrup on my sheets."

"Really? We're in the middle of what I'm hoping is hot sex, and you're worrying about syrup on your sheets..." Jared looked put out.

Jensen rolled his eyes slightly. "A lot hotter if you don't talk about permanent marks on me." He pushed himself up slightly and looked down to see Jared had managed to clean his stomach completely.

Jared frowned a little and pulled back, setting the sundae aside. "Are you really worried about that?"

"Yeah," Jensen admitted. He shrugged and propped himself up on his elbows to look at Jared. "I told you before I don't do long term at all."

"Yeah, uh, I meant about the syrup, but..." Jared paused and bit his lower lip. "Maybe this wasn't a good idea."

Jensen dropped back onto the bed, tension and regret creeping in. He blew out a breath. "If that's how you feel..." he said, trailing off.

Jared offered a sad, little smile and said, "I make you tense."

"Your possible expectations make me tense," Jensen corrected. He breathed out, forcing himself to relax as best he could.

Jared looked at the melting ice cream and Jensen's naked body and then smiled. "I was aiming for a good time, but maybe I overstepped?"

Jensen shook his head. "You still willing to have a no-strings attached night of fun?"

Jared leaned forward to kiss Jensen softly, but then slid off the bed. "Sorry. I think I killed the mood." He grabbed the remains of the sundae. "I'll find my own way out."

Sighing, Jensen nodded, sat up and grabbed for the sheets on his bed. He suddenly felt a lot more exposed than he liked. "If that's what you want, Jared."

Jared ran a hand through his hair and said, "I'm sorry, Jensen. I was having fun."

"So was I," Jensen said, smiling ruefully at Jared. He'd been having more fun with Jared than he'd had with anyone else in a long, long time.

"I didn't mean to make you tense, Jensen," Jared said. "Ruin the evening."

Jensen nodded. "I know and don't mean to be so tense about things."

Jared offered a real, if somewhat muted, smile. "Good luck. Jensen. I know you'll be an awesome physical therapist."

"Thanks," Jensen said, voice soft in the quiet of his room. He felt exposed, vulnerable with Jared dressed and ready to leave him while he sat naked in his sheets.

Jared nodded once and walked out of the room, shoulders slumping as he pulled out his cell and prepared to call Tom and Mike, already dreading the explanations ahead. And quietly ruing that his second time with Jen had actually gone worse than the first.
~~~~~~~~~~