A friend told me about the night he and his wife invite a black stranger into their bedroom: 

We were out a a TGIF one evening and, while having a drink, I noticed a nice looking black guy checking out my pretty blond wife. She is 5', about 110, with a beautiful pair of large breasts. This guy kept checking her out, looking at her legs, covered in nice thigh high stockings, with the top showing at the edge of her short skirt, then looking at her exposed cleavage (she isn't shy about showing off her chest).
 
When he saw me looking at him staring, he looked startled, and turned away, but I smiled, and soon he realized I wasn't upset about him ogling my wife.
I walked over to him and asked him if he'd like to have a drink with us. He said sure, and joined us at our table, sitting on the other side of Janice. He kept glancing down at her legs and her cleavage, and rather than covering up, Janice leaned forward, so he could get a better view down her loose top. 
I asked if he liked what he saw, and he said definitely. I asked if he'd like to touch the legs he's been staring at, and again, he said yes. So, I reached across her lap, grabbed his hand and placed it on her stocking covered thigh. Then, still with my hand on his, I moved it up, until his fingers disappeared under the edge of her skirt, touching her exposed thigh above her stockings. 
Janice looked at his lap and smiled when she saw a bulge growing there. 
She leaned over to him and whispered something and I think I saw him blush. Then she leaned towards me and asked if we could take our new friend home with us. 

We left in our car, and with him following closely behind we headed home. 
When we got there, I made us all drinks to help relax the situation a bit. 
Janice walked up to Chris (our new friend) put her arms up over his shoulders and started kissing him. I could see from where I was sitting a large bulge starting to develop in his pants leg, so I walked over and took Janice's hand, placed it on Chris' growing erection, which was so big it was actually going down the leg of his pants. 
When she felt it, squeezed it, she started moaning, I guess from the shear size of the cock inside his pants. 
I suggested we get more comfortable and move to the bedroom. I led the way, with them following. While Chris stood there, trying to get his erection readjusted, I got behind Janice and started undressing her in front of him. As her skirt hit the floor, his eyes bulged as he saw her standing there in a shear white thong and white stockings, and a small top that soon joined her skirt on the floor. 
I took her bra off and exposed her beautiful big tits to our friend. He walked up, bent forward and started sucking her nipples. As he was sucking on her, and running his hands all over, I took his right hand, and slid it between her legs, then pressed one of his fingers into her already dripping pussy lips. I used his fingers to masturbate her, pushing them as far inside her as I could, making her moan.

I was getting so hard watching them, and my cock was so stiff, I had to get out of my clothes. So there we were, both my wife and I, naked in front of this handsome black guy it felt so deliciously naughty. He stood back, looked at my beautiful, horny, dripping wife, then at my stiff cock and proceeded to pull his clothes off as fast as he could, leaving them in a pile on the floor.
What he exposed is the longest, hardest dark cock I have ever seen. It had to be every bit of 11 inches, and already glistening with precum. When my wife saw that, she couldn't help but take it in her hands, stroke it gently and bend to lick the cum off the slit. I almost came right there, watching my blond, light skinned wife caressing this beautiful hard dark skinned cock. It was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen. 

My wife stopped for a moment, motioned me over to the bed. So I climbed on, lying on my back, and she crawled on top of me, in a 69, placing her mouth over my dripping hard cock, and her already soaked pussy right over my face. 
As I laid there, looking up at her dripping pussy, my hard cock being licked and sucked, Chris knelt between her legs, right above my face, and held his long stiff cock near the entrance to her pussy, looking at her slit, and slowly stroking himself right in front of my eyes. 
He was looking at her pussy, and looking at me watching him. That turned us both on. 
I reached up and took his cock in my hand, stroked it softly and placed the head against the lips of my wifes wet pussy. I moved it up and down her slit, making her moan, making her drip even more than she was and opening her pussy lips with the head of his dark cock. 
Then I gently pulled on his dick, forcing it into her opening, and nudged it in to her until hr was in her up to his low hanging balls. 
I have NEVER been so turned on in my life, watching, helping this guy fuck my wifes pussy with his long hard black cock. When I let go, he started slowly sliding his long cock in and out of her making her moan with each thrust. I put my tongue on her clit, licking and sucking it and licking her lips as they spread open around his invading cock. Then, tentatively, I licked his cock as it came out of her coated in her juices, which made him moan. I took this as a go-ahead to keep licking him as he fucked her. He kept up a nice slow, long pace, pushing all the way in, then coming out until the tip of his cock just barely stayed between her open pussy lips. I kept licking his cock and licking and sucking his balls, soaked in her juices.

 
When he picked up the pace, he slipped out of her entrance, and when he pushed back in, his cock slipped lower, and entered my lips, then my mouth. As he slowly pushed it in I figured that he thought he was still in her pussy, but he pulled back until it was barely touching my lips then looked down into my eyes. Seeing me looking up at him, he slid his wet cock back into my mouth, pumping it in and out of me several times before pulling out and sliding it back into Janice's pussy, making her squeal. I had loved the taste and feel of it in my mouth. What a turn on, having this handsome black guy, fucking my wife, then feeding me his pussy coated cock.
He picked up the pace on Janice, and they were both moaning, moving faster and faster, as I licked feverishly beneath them. Sucking her clit and pussy lips, then switching to his cock and balls. She started screaming and cumming hard on his cock as he rammed it into her. Then as I sucked his balls, I felt them tighten up, and he exploded into her cunt, pulling out and ramming it hard back into her, with spurt after spurt of his hot cum. 
While his cock was still pulsing with cum, he pulled it completely out of her pussy, looked back down at me, and fed me the end of his dick, still dripping and oozing fresh warm cum, making me take the last couple of spurts right into my mouth. 
Then he finally pulled it out of my lips and then Janice still in the throws of orgasm, settled her pussy right onto my mouth, yelling for me to eat her, to suck her black lovers cum right out of her pussy. I devoured her like I was possessed. Licking and sucking, getting my tongue as deep inside of her as I could, the whole time Chris watching, slowly stroking his cock as I licked his cum out of my wife's pussy. She started cumming again on my face, and every time her pussy contracted, I got a mouthful of his cum. How delicious......
I finally stopped licking her, rolled her off me, and with our friend still watching and stroking his own cock, I got on top of my wife and slid my cock into her freshly fucked,cummy pussy and fucked her hard and fast until we both came. I pumped everything I had into her, and when I finally pulled my cock out of her, Chris said'
  "You licked my cum out of her, why don't you lick your own out too," so I did. He kept stroking himself, and watching me lick his and my own cum out of my wifes pussy. While I was licking her, he knelled next to us, I thought to get a better view of the action. Then all of a sudden, I felt hot liquid on my face, mouth and her pussy as he jerked of and came on her pussy, right where I was licking her. I turned my head in time to get a spurt or two right into my mouth, the sucked the head of his cock into my lips as he finished shooting, and milked the last of his cum right out of his cock as Janice watched......
He got dressed and Janice and I, still naked, walked him to the door, and hugged him goodbye
We went back to bed, and we fucked some more, both of us smelling and tasting of cum. 
 
 
 
 
