     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 8   *   *   *   *   *

     For several moments, after Hector had left, Tina stood
quietly inspecting the disorder in the room.  "Michelle."

     "Yes, Mistress Tina?"

     "Can you patch up our abused friend here?"

     Michelle had been expecting this question.  "I'm not sure,
Mistress.  Some of these wounds are quite severe and have
been sitting for a long time."

     Tina nodded.  "Well, do the best you can.  Have Sheryl
help.  Teach her as you go."

     "Yes, Mistress."  She looked down at Juanita who was
bleeding from her cheek and beginning to moan again. 
"What about . . ."

     "I'll take care of her."

     "Yes, Mistress."

     "Oh, and Michelle."

     "Yes, Mistress?"

     "Treat Marcie as a Dom.  At least for now."

     "Yes, Mistress."  Michelle didn't understand that.  She
knew what to do, but not why.  Fortunately, it wasn't her
problem.  "Do we address her as . . ."

     "Not yet."

     "Yes, Mistress."  With Sheryl's help she half led, half
carried Marcie out of the room.

     Tina didn't waste any time.  "Well, you little slut.  You
want to find out how the body suit works?  I'll show you."

     She pulled the still limp figure to the center of the room
by one ankle, undid her leather harness, and tossed it aside. 
She rolled the girl onto her back.  Looking down at her
naked form she thought, 'Nice figure.  Too bad she's so
vicious and untrainable.  A slut with an attitude.'

     Tina retrieved the body suit and talked to the
unconscious figure as she worked.  "A body suit is slick on
the outside and clings on the inside.  So you turn it inside
out to put in on; you don't pull it on like a pair of trousers." 
She lifted one of Juanita's legs and held the reversed suit
leg, toe to toe, with her foot.  The suit leg slipped easily
over the toes, the foot and halfway up the calf.  Tina
repeated the proces.  " the other foot.  Then she pulled the
suit easily and tightly up to her waist.  "Too bad we don't
have a vibrator and butt plug to keep you company, but
we'll find one later."  Juanita groaned again, but didn't
waken.  "Now we can buckle the legs together, at least for
the time being."  There was a large buckle at the ankles and
another at the knees.

     Tina laid the plastic of the torso up to Juanita's neck like
a small blanket.  She rolled the girl over so she was lying on
top the plastic.  There was a long loose cuff of plastic
hanging from one of the sides that Juanita hadn't known
how to use.  Tina removed it and said, "And this, slut, is just
what we need.  It's a double arm cuff.  We turn it inside out
like so.  Then we pull your arms back and down like this. 
We hold your hands together while we slip the cuff on just
as we did the legs."  The cuff unrolled all the way up to
Juanita's shoulders.  There were some buckles that allowed
Tina to fix the top of the cuff to the front plastic near her
neck.  This effectively locked both the cuff and the front of
the plastic suit in place.

     "Now we buckle the straps along the arm cuff.  First the
wrists.  Be sure they're tight.  The less comfortable the
better.  Then the elbows.  And then the upper arms."

     As Tina inspected her work, Juanita came awake and
started screaming.  Tina had no tolerance.  "Shut up, you
stupid slut.  You brought this on yourself."  Juanita wouldn't
shut.  She couldn't move her arms or legs.  All she could do
is thrash around and roll over with great difficulty.  When
she did a pain shot through her wrists and arms.  She
quickly rolled back over onto her belly.

     Tina had retrieved her crop.  "Are you going to shut
up?"  Tina wasn't angry, she was pleased Juanita was
resisting.  It gave her an excuse to do what she'd been
longing to do almost since the first moment they had been
introduced.  "You see, slut, when you lash someone you
don't let your lash marks crisscross unless you want to leave
permanent scars.  Like this."  So saying she pressed one
knee into the middle of Juanita's back, pinning her cuffed
arms against her spine.  Then she started lashing the girl. 
She began at the shoulder and worked her way down the
side of her back until she reached the base of her ass. 
Juanita yelled and cursed.  After a while she could only
screech and whimper.  When Tina had finished she said,
"Were you counting?  That was fifty-four parallel lashes
without a single crossing stroke.  And with an extremely
uncooperative slave."  She smiled to herself.  "I think my
old trainer would be pleased, don't you?"

     Juanita was blubbering and didn't answer.  Tina smiled to
herself again.  She moved to the other side and started
repeating the performance.  Juanita started screaming again. 
"I . . said," Tina screamed even louder, matching her words
to her lashes, "don't . . you . . think . . my . . old . . trainer . .
would  . . be . . pleased?"

     "Yes!, Yes!" screamed Juanita.

     "Yes . . What?" asked Tina giving her two more vicious
thwacks.

     "Yes, Mistress!  Yes, Mistress Tina!"

     "Much better."  Tina retrieved the gag and the hood. 
She rolled Juanita onto her less abused side.  "Open." 
Juanita started to beg.  Tina raised her crop over the prone
girl's face.  Juanita quickly quieted and opened her mouth as
wide as she could.  She remembered how painful the gag
seemed to be when she forced it into the resisting Marcie. 
Her mouth was larger than Marcie's, so the gag slipped in
rather easily.  Juanita felt a tiny drop of relief in her sea of 
pain.

     "We'll have to find you one that fits better, slut. 
Something much larger."  Tina pulled the plastic hood down
over Juanita's head, tucked in her hair and zipped it shut. 
She rolled the girl painfully over onto her back.  Juanita
didn't resist.  "Just one last lesson, before I leave you for a
while."  The plastic suit had stuck to the moist skin.  Tina
pulled back a flap exposing a tit.  "This is what happens
when you let the lash marks crisscross."  She gave the girl
three hard deliberate swats across the top of her left breast. 
The first ran straight up and down.  The second ran from
shoulder to the opposite hip.  The third created a starburst
point, just a few inches above the nipple.  Juanita could only
produce muffled wails into her gag from beneath the hood. 
At the point where the three lashes intersected the skin had
broken and was bleeding.  A large swollen welt was
developing.

     Tina pulled the flap of plastic back down.  She rolled
Juanita roughly over onto her belly.  She zipped the plastic
suit closed over her encased arms and up to the back of her
neck.  She zipped the hood down to the neck of the body
suit and left the miserable girl to swelter and suffer.  The
last thing Juanita heard as Tina left was, "And that's the
proper way to use a body suit."

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Meanwhile, Miss Michelle and Sheryl had moved Marcie
into a small bedroom of her own.  Marcie still hadn't said
anything and seemed to be in shock.  Michelle had Sheryl
stay with her while she went to fetch some supplies.  All
Sheryl could do was to sit next to her poor friend on the
bed, gently stroke her hair, and speak soothingly to her.  It
seemed to help.  Sheryl thought that her friend's muscles
were relaxing a little bit.  Then Michelle returned.  She laid
a small case on the bed and opened it.

     She checked Marcie's feet first and saw there wasn't any
damage.  "At least the little tramp didn't whip the soles. 
Let's get her up."  With Sheryl's help she got Marcie
standing.  She handed Sheryl a spray can and took another
for herself.  "This is a powerful topical antiseptic and
anesthetic.  It will help prevent infection and ought to
quickly reduce the pain.  Right now her skin probably feels
like it's on fire.  This will put the fire out."  They sprayed
her entire body from neck to toes.  You could actually see
the tension drain out of Marcie's posture.

     'Now, we find out how far gone she is,' Michelle thought
to herself.  Out loud she said, "Marcie, we need to spray
your face and don't want to get this in your eyes.  Would
you close them, please?"  For a long moment, Marcie didn't
move.  Then she looked over at Michelle and almost smiled. 
She closed her eyes.  'Excellent,' Michelle thought, 'she's still
with us.'

     Michelle had Sheryl run a hot bath.  She gave her a
thermometer to be sure the water was exactly the right
temperature.  When it was ready, she emptied a vial of
something into the water and stirred it around.  Then they
sat Marcie in the tub and sponged the bath liquid carefully
over the wounds on her face.  As they did, Michelle taught
Sheryl about what she was doing and why.  The important
thing, she explained, was to minimize the scarring.  There
followed a little seminar on flesh wounds, how they are
made, and how to deal with each.  She used Marcie's body
to find examples of much of what she was teaching. 
Toward the end of the lecture, Marcie seemed to be taking a
little interest in what they were saying.

     After they had gotten her out of the bath and carefully
patted her dry, they resprayed her and got started on
dressing each wound.  "In a civilian hospital," Michelle said,
"they would worry about her health first and leave her
appearance to the reconstructive surgeons who would come
later.  Here, we take care of both, and leave many fewer
reconstructive problems behind."

     It took three hours to finish dealing with all of the
wounds.  Had the injuries been fresh, the work would have
gone much quicker.  Part of the purpose of the warm bath
was to chemically freshen the wounds for this treatment. 
They started with the worst places and worked their way
toward the more minor ones.  It wasn't quite as bad as
Michelle had first thought.  Juanita hadn't proceeded with
any systematic intent or knowledge.  There were  numerous
bruises, but none were very serious.  There were lots of lash
marks, and lots of intersecting lashes.  But there were
relatively few triple-crosses and only one wound more
extensive than that.  There was a nasty set of wounds on the
side of her right eye.  It was a miracle she hadn't lost that
eye.  They would have to wait and see how much
permanent scaring might take place.

     By the time they finished it was well past lunch hour. 
Michelle left to prepare food.  She told Sheryl to stay with
Marcie.  By now Marcie was alert enough to talk with her
friend.  She described her horrible night with Juanita.  She
didn't go into much detail.  There was a lot she found hard
to remember.  Sheryl described her own first night and was 
still talking when Michelle returned.

     The first thing Michelle did was to recuff Sheryl and
place her food and drink bowls on the floor.  For herself and
Marcie she had brought plates with sandwiches and some
side dishes.  These she set up on a small table.  Marcie was
a little confused, but she came over when Michelle held the
chair out for her.  Sheryl was also confused, but she ate her 
meal as usual.  They both assumed the difference in 
treatment was because Marcie was recovering from injuries. 
They both thought that as soon as she was feeling better
Marcie would join Sheryl on the floor.

     After lunch, Marcie was given some medicine and put to
bed.  Sheryl followed Michelle back to her room where she
removed the cuffs and gave her some quick training in how
to deal with Hector.  "Latino lovers are the worst," Michelle
told her.  "Their machismo gets in the way.  They think they
know everything and are almost impossible to teach.  But
that makes it easier for you.  They like blowjobs and simple
sex.  All you have to know is how to act like they are
driving you crazy with passion and you're set."  So they
spent a few hours working on some basic fellatio techniques
and how to fake an orgasm.

     The last thing Miss Michelle did was to have Sheryl lay
down while she reached up her vagina with her index finger. 
She did something with her fingernail which hurt just a little. 
"You're still a virgin," she said removing her finger and
studying the little bit of blood on the tip.  "But too much
pain would get in the way of your performance and now it
won't hurt very much."

     "I won't let him know if it hurts, Miss Michelle."

     "The hell you won't," she replied with some amusement. 
"Hector is expecting a virgin.  But now you're going to give
him a perfect virgin."  She explained how.  And that was
about it.

     The phone rang just before the usual dinner hour. 
Michelle picked it up.  "Yes, Mistress Tina?"  She listened
intently for several minutes.  "Yes, Mistress.  I'll take care of
it."  She put the phone down and turned to Sheryl.  "Hector
will be ready for you in three hours.  You'll meet him in the
big guestroom overlooking the center of the courtyard.  Are
you hungry?"

     She wasn't.  They had all had a very late lunch.

     "Then, let's get you ready and you can have a light snack
before you go."

     

                      *   *   *   *   *

     The tryst with Hector turned out to be exactly as Miss
Michelle had predicted.  Sheryl was dressed only in a light
floral dress.  No shoes, no bra, no panties.  She had arrived
at the room well ahead of her liege.  It was a large bedroom,
romantically adorned and moodily let.  Mistress Tina had
been there ahead of her.  There was nothing to do but wait. 
She went to the double slatted ((((s which overlooked a
courtyard and opened them.  It was dark below and there
wasn't much to see, but the sky was clear and the stars were
brilliant. Sheryl closed her eyes and wondered if she was
fated to be trapped here forever.  She could feel a light
warm breeze blowing into her face.  It brought the fragrant
aroma of the many flowers from the atrium below. She
thought she recognized the smell from the night before and
stood there thinking for what felt like a long time.  A part of
her thought that this might not be such a horrible fate, if
more of it could be like this.

     She heard a noise from behind.  Her eyes flew open, she
turned quickly, and saw Hector standing in the open hallway
door.  Quickly, she dropped to one knee and said as she had
been instructed, "What is your bidding Mr. Martinez?"  Her
face was oriented toward his feet.

     He came up to her and took her hands--gently pulled her
back up to her feet.  He took her face in his hands and
looked into her eyes.  "Please," he said, "call me Hector."

     "Yes, Hector."

     He kissed her.

     She kissed back, with all the passion she could rouse.

     The rest of the evening was easy.  There was a certain
amount of fumbling to get his clothes off.  He pulled her
dress up over her head and was delighted with her beautiful
body.  He spent a great deal of his attention in fondling and
licking her breasts.

     He lay on the big bed and, for the first time in her life, 
she sucked a man's penis.  It was just about average size, 
although she had no basis for comparison.

     He eventually came in her mouth, but Miss Michelle had
prepared her for that.  She swallowed like she'd been doing
it all her life and smiled up at him.

     Then, after a brief rest, he fucked her.  It was almost an
anti-climax.  He'd been told she was a virgin and was very
gentle.  Sheryl had been terrified, but found it wasn't as bad
as she had feared.  In fact, it was positively wonderful
compared with everything else that had happened to her in
the past couple of days.  Beyond that she really didn't feel
much of anything.  It wasn't anything like the passion she
had felt with Marcie or the erotic pleasure of sex with
Michelle.  But Sheryl put on a good act, thanks to
Michelle's coaching.  She did well, faking the pain of his
initial penetration and, later, timing her simulated orgasm
moments after Hector had begun his.  He seemed well
pleased with her, kissing her tenderly before getting up to
leave.

     Afterwards she hurried back to Miss Michelle's room. 
She stopped only to take a quick look in on Marcie who
was still asleep.  Miss Michelle listened to her detailed
report of what had happened and seemed delighted she 
had been able to predict it so accurately.

     That night Sheryl slept on the floor again.  But she
wasn't shackled to the bedpost and she was given a little
blanket for comfort.  And in the morning when she woke to
Miss Michelle's soft kiss and gentle hand, she wasn't
surprised and didn't shake.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     The Eagle was sitting in a coffee shop with Fernando. 
He was saying, "You know, you really ought to be more
careful.  You got lucky this time.  That little bitch could
have clipped your balls."

     "Yeah," Fernando agreed.  He had calmed considerably. 
"I ought to cut the little witch's tongue out."

     "And ruin her resale value?" the Eagle laughed.  "The
worst thing you can do to her is leave her exactly where she
is.  I'm sure Mistress Carla will take good care of her."

     Fernando nodded in silence and enjoyed the thought of
what was happening to the little cunt that very moment.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 8   *   *   *   *   *

     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted.








