Adam knows what she is going to do next – it isn’t exactly difficult to figure out – but he has no idea how she thinks she’s going to do it, with him on his knees like this. Suddenly, he feels someone behind him and draws in a sharp, startled gasp before he feels strong, familiar hands, steadying on his arms.

“Shh…”

Kris’s gentle voice murmurs from where he is now kneeling behind him, and Adam realizes that he didn’t even notice when Kris moved, not amidst the torturous attentions Katy was administering. Kris is compact but surprisingly strong, and his capable hands lower to Adam’s waist, gently but firmly pulling him backward so that his bare back rests against Kris’s denim-clad thighs. It’s an awkward position, especially with his hands bound tightly behind his back. Adam’s body feels stretched, unstable – vulnerable – and it’s almost more than he can stand.

Then, Kris slides those amazing hands slowly, soothingly down Adam’s arms before moving them, one arm bracing behind Adam’s back, the other rising to gently brush his hair back from his face.

“It’s okay,” he reminds Adam in a husky whisper. “It’s okay… just relax, I’ve got you…”

Adam tries to obey, settling his greater weight against Kris’s firm, muscular thighs; but he’s not used to being this out of control, this helpless. His entire body trembles uncontrollably, his every muscle taut and aching with the pressure of being restrained.

And then, Katy’s mouth engulfs him, and suddenly he’s unaware of anything else but the fiery hot sensation surrounding his over-sensitized cock. He jerks up toward her without meaning to, a physical reflex in reaction to the overwhelming pleasure she’s creating – and then he feels the slightest brush of teeth against the top of his erection, feels Katy’s mouth still. He looks up at her in alarm to see a warning expression in her eyes, a single brow raised in a question.

He swallows hard, shaking his head pleadingly, not daring to disobey her by speaking, not now, when he’s perhaps as vulnerable as he’s ever been in his life. Katy smirks around him, her teeth withdrawn as she continues the task at which she is evidently expert, and Adam fights to stay still and submissive under her attentions.

Although it’s difficult to focus, he can’t help but notice that behind him, Kris’s breathing has quickened. His hand falls from Adam’s hair to his throat, his shoulder, edging downward in a slow, subtly possessive caress. He glances up at Kris’s face to see that his eyes are hooded, hazy, locked onto what his wife is doing to his best friend with unabashed fascination.

A moment of clarity strikes Adam through the physical intensity of the encounter, and suddenly he knows – this isn’t about Katy sharing Kris with him, as she claims.

This is about Kris and Katy – sharing him.

And while a part of him thinks that he should be utterly disturbed and freaked out by that – and a part of him definitely is – another, darker part of him is impossibly aroused by it.

Adam isn't sure how much more he can take.

He never thought he could be so turned on by a woman; but he supposes it isn't really so much about Katy's gender as it is about the dark intensity of her mood and actions, and the delightfully wicked things she's doing to him with her mouth -- and a mouth is a mouth, right? It doesn't really matter whose...

And then Kris leans down to kiss him, his tongue pushing past Adam's lips, possessive, dominating, demanding, and...

Okay... maybe it does matter, after all.

Adam returns the kiss, although with more restraint than he would ordinarily use. He's so used to being the aggressor in sexual encounters that it's difficult to submit; but with a supreme effort of will, he allows Kris to plunder his mouth without trying to take control of the kiss himself.

His hands flex uselessly beneath him in an instinctive desire to touch as he's being touched, but he can't free them from the cuffs. His fingers brush against Kris's knees on which his back is resting, and Kris smiles into his mouth. It's a little bit infuriating how much Kris enjoys Adam's frustration.

A little bit infuriating -- and a lot hot.

Adam knows the instant that Katy becomes aware of the intense encounter taking place above her head, and that she's no longer the center of Adam's focus. She makes it very clear by demanding that focus back. She intensifies her efforts, swallowing around his cock, drawing him deeper until he hits the back of her throat.

Adam gasps against Kris's lips, and his back arches involuntarily. Suddenly Katy's hands are on his bare hips, grasping and harsh and forceful, as she roughly shoves them back down against the carpet. With his knees folded under him, it's an awkward, uncomfortable position, reminding him again of his absolute helplessness.

Adam doesn't like to be helpless; he likes to be the one in control.

So why the hell is this turning you on so much?

Adam can't really focus on figuring out the answer to that question, because by this point his physical need is reaching a point of desperation. He wants, needs to come, knows he would have already if not for the leather strap binding him.

Finally Katy withdraws the slick heat of her mouth from around him, and he shivers at the cool air and at the loss of contact. Kris pulls away from their kiss as well, gently pushing at the back of Adam's shoulder to guide him back up onto his knees to face Katy, who's now kneeling directly facing him, a self-satisfied smirk on her lips.

"Wow, Adam," she remarks with sly sarcasm. "This is taking a while. I could have finished Kris off two or three times by now... Oh, wait!" she amends as if just remembering, pressing a perfectly manicured fingertip thoughtfully against her lips for a moment before going on. "It's not your impressive stamina that's keeping you hard, is it?"

She traces that same fingernail lightly around the base of his cock, just under the edge of the leather, and Adam thinks he's about to come apart. His entire body quakes as he fights not to arch into the touch, well aware that it will only earn punishment of some kind. His trembling knees wouldn't be able to hold him up, he's sure, if Kris wasn't still kneeling behind him with his arms wrapped around his waist.

Katy leans in close, her hands braced on the floor so that she can bring her face within an inch of Adam's to whisper a cold, enticing question.

"Do you want to come, Adam?"

He swallows hard, his mouth dry and slack, his heart pounding, as he nods emphatically, not sure he could form words right now if he tried.

She laughs low and soft, and he can feel the vibration of her warm breath against his cheek, before she turns his head toward hers and kisses him with surprising softness. He tentatively returns the kiss, but she pulls away before he can deepen it, meeting his eyes with a deceptively gentle smile.

"If you want it," she murmurs, once again tracing her fingertip around the edges of his desire, raising it to a fever pitch, "you're going to have to beg for it."

Adam forces a defiant laugh past his lips, despite his desperate state. His pride will not allow him to accept her demands so easily, no matter how his body is crying out with need at the loss of her touch. His voice is trembling and hoarse but taunting, emphatic in its quiet certainty.

“That… will never… happen.”

“Look at me, Adam.”

Katy’s voice is commanding but soft, almost affectionate. In spite of his bold defiance, Adam is a little bit scared to meet her gaze again, unsure of what he’ll see there – but he does. By this point, he knows better than to disobey. A shiver of apprehension runs down his spine at the dark, malicious amusement he sees in her narrowed eyes, and the knowing smile playing about the corners of her mouth. Her voice is low, touched with an edge of sadistic mockery.

“You really shouldn’t have said that.”

He draws in a sharp, shuddering gasp as she drags a single fingernail slowly along the underside of his erection, deliberately intensifying the pressure, then letting off again, then increasing it once more along her way. Kris’s gently supportive arms around his waist become firm and restraining, strong hands gripping Adam’s forearms and holding him in place so that he can’t escape Katy’s attentions.

Katy continues to slowly draw out the torment she’s inflicting, trailing slow paths up and down and around Adam’s cock, while speaking directly into his ear so that he can’t possibly miss her measured, warning words, falling from her lips in perfect timing with her tormenting touch.

”You… are in no position… to be so cocky, Adam.” She emphasizes the word, and he can feel her lips smirk against his ear. A moment later the wicked smile has faded, and there’s a trace of menace to her voice as she goes on. “You’re on your knees… naked… helpless. Completely at our mercy…”

His body is taut with the combined sensations of fear and arousal, trembling with need and the strain of the position in which he’s being held. He bites back a cry as she grabs a fistful of his hair, drawing his head back sharply as she invades his open, gasping mouth with a rough, demanding kiss. She swallows the air he was trying to draw in, forcing him to yield to her possessive advance, smiling when she feels a tremor pass through him at his absolute helplessness.

She pulls back at last, releasing his hair, and he bends forward, gasping for breath. She touches the back of his head again, gentle fingers threading through his hair. He tries to pull away from her touch, but she tightens her grip – not enough to hurt, but enough to ensure that he can’t get away. He freezes, heeding the unspoken command to submit.

“I think,” she whispers, her tone hardening, her hand tightening in a fist around the base of his cock so that he bites down until he tastes blood to keep from crying out, “that you will do whatever the hell I say you will.”

Adam feels a tremor run through him at the cold conviction in Katy’s words, and the suspicion stealing over him that maybe, just maybe… she’s right.

Katy releases him abruptly and rises to her feet. A moment later, Adam feels Kris’s supportive hands slip away from his waist, as Kris stands up from where he kneels behind him, moving around him to put his arms around Katy. Adam barely dares to glance up, yet is compelled by some inner masochistic impulse to do so, as Kris places a tender hand against Katy’s cheek, tilting her head up just a little to give her a slow, intimate kiss.

He draws back at last, whispering some quiet, concerned question against her lips. She gives him a reassuring nod, but there is a surprising vulnerability in her eyes – and suddenly, Adam feels as if he should not be watching this. He feels as if he’s somehow invading a very private, personal moment.

Before he can look away, however, they’re both looking at him, and Katy’s face bears a smug, knowing smile as she meets his eyes. His face flushes as he realizes how much of his jealous longing must have been obvious in his expression, and at last he looks away. He tenses, preparing himself for whatever’s next as Katy pulls reluctantly away from Kris and moves toward him. She pauses for just a moment in front of him before changing direction and making her way back to her box of toys across the room, as Kris goes to his side, gently grasping his arm and pulling him to his feet.

Katy turns back toward Adam as Kris steadies him, and he tries to focus on what she holds in her hands. His heart lurches with fear when he sees the simply strip of thick, dark cloth she’s holding out between her thumbs and forefingers, a teasing smirk on her lips.

“No,” he objects, hating the tremor in his voice as he starts to struggle. “No, no, don’t…”

“Easy,” Kris murmurs, threading one forearm behind Adam’s bound arms to keep him from escaping, while placing a firm hand under his chin and holding his head in place, in the process also holding his jaw shut and silencing his protests. “Easy, Adam…” His voice lowers to a whisper directly into Adam’s ear, too soft for Katy to pick up. “Trust me… everything’s gonna be okay…”

This is more helpless than he’s been yet, despite this rather unsettling situation, and Adam’s heart is racing, his every muscle taut with the tension and fear of his utter powerlessness. He tries to open his mouth to plead with them, tries to pull away, but his restraints and Kris’s surprising level of strength prevent either attempt from being successful.

He’s not used to surrendering control, not used to being at someone else’s mercy; and his awareness of Katy’s very valid reasons to want him to suffer make the situation that much more terrifying. He tries to trust Kris, tries to believe that he won’t let this go too far – but at the moment it’s difficult to trust that even Kris could stop Katy if she really wanted to hurt him.

Katy binds the blindfold in place over his eyes, and Adam lets out a choked whimper as Kris finally releases his grasp on Adam’s jaw. . He shakes his head frantically back and forth, chanting a panicked litany of desperate pleas.

“No, don’t, no, Kris, please…”

“Shhh,” Kris whispers, stroking tender, affectionate fingers through his hair, across his brow, the hand behind his back lowering to gently clasp one of Adam’s trembling hands in his own. “It’s all right… nothing to be scared of… it’s okay, I’ve got you…”

Adam is just starting to relax a little when he feels another, smaller hand slip around the back of his neck, and feels Katy’s soft, warm breath against his ear as she adds with wicked, warning suggestion in her tone, “Yeah… but I’ve got you, too.”

A shiver runs down Adam’s spine, and he hears her soft, satisfied chuckle beside him, before she releases him and steps back away from him. Apprehension floods him with the reminder that, for all the affection and desire that Kris feels for him, Katy feels something very different. Kris has been wanting Adam as long as he’s known him; and for him, this night is the fulfillment of that sweet desire.

For Katy, it’s a sort of therapy – a working out of the anger and jealousy and resentment that she feels toward him, for the simple crime of making her husband want him so bad.

Adam knows that this night is either about to become the sweetest memory he’ll ever make – or the realization of his worst nightmares.

Kris’s hands guide him slowly and carefully, and Adam forces himself to yield to Kris’s gentle guidance. Though he has no idea where they’re taking him, and their route leads them up a flight of stairs, Kris doesn’t let Adam run into anything or hurt himself in any way.

Through his racing, fevered imaginations, Adam only realizes where they’ve taken him when he feels his bare knees brush against the side of something soft and straight and about eight inches wide. He immediately recognizes that it’s the edge of a mattress, because it’s really the only thing that makes sense. They’ve been headed here all evening.

Of course, they’ve led him to the bedroom.

Kris murmurs words of reassurance and gentle instruction as he helps him to kneel on the firm but yielding surface of the bed. Once he’s steady, kneeling, hands still bound behind his back and eyes blinded by Katy’s latest device of torture, Adam feels the rush of air as Kris backs off a little, hears his sharp intake of breath, and the slow caress of his hand along his flank.

“God, Adam,” he whispers, sounding almost awed. “You have no idea how freakin’ hot you look right now…”

“Of course he does.” Katy’s unsettlingly gentle voice breaks in, and Adam shivers at the feel of her touch, her hand brushing against Kris’s, stilling it, her fingers intertwining with his upon the canvas of Adam’s skin. “How else is a high-priced whore supposed to look?”

Their hands part, and Adam feels a small, firm but not harsh hand – Katy’s – against the back of his neck, pushing his face down and forward. Kris steadies him as he obediently lowers his head until his forehead is pressed into the pillow at the head of the bed. Kris grasps Adam’s right calf next, pulling it outward a little, then doing the same with the other, so that his legs are spread wide, his ass in the air and fully exposed – leaving him utterly vulnerable to the whim of their pleasure.