The Braless Look
by Titsandass1

Stephanie finds a way to attract a man.

A Monday morning in May just a few days before my 29th birthday began like any other day. At 6 30 I awoke to a sound called "silk" and reached to silence the alarm clock on the left side nightstand.

Minutes later a cool shower is washing away the night sweats and odor from my body. I poured a little bit of Liquid Prell onto my palm and rubbed it into my chestnut-brown hair making a ton of suds.

The mirror reflected a slim hourglass, 5' 5" tall 126 pound girl waving a hair dryer while making brush strokes.

I've never really liked wearing bras. It just seems to be a social convention to put "the girls" into a holder, or at least hide them. Since the days of my first training bra I've changed brands a few times seeking one that feels comfortable.

Looking through my wardrobe I selected and donned a v-neck white/ silver heart print long-sleeve blouse. For the first time I was about to go braless. The Playtex 32C Mother of Pearl garment would remain right where I left it, on the bedroom floor.

This feels so good and so comfy. So what if anyone notices. What's the worst they can do?

I pulled up a pair of black pants over hipster panties and put my feet into matching stiletto-healed pointed-toe shoes.

The dentist office where I work at the front desk dosen't open until 8 o'clock so there's plenty of time to have a coffee and light breakfast. That morning I ate maple/brown sugar Quaker Oats.

I pushed the empty bowl aside and poured another cup of brewed coffee and sipped it.

The weather app on my phone indicated 71 degrees. Inside my Toyota felt much warmer than that so I activated the airconditioner.

The dentist office where I've worked for two years employs three girls besides me. They're a personable group so that helps make a pleasant work environment.

The hygienist is Alicia Kent. She's a 5' 6" blond with blue eyes and a buzz cut. She has full lips. Her face is heart-shaped. So what if she's a lesbian.

The dental assistant is Elaine West, a 5' 4" tall green-eyed strawberry blond. She has a round face framed by shoulder-length hair. Elaine can talk the cats off a fish cart.

Both are standing by the desk waiting for their patients to arrive so I engaged them in girl talk.

The dentist is 51 year old Christine Lockwood. She's a tall girl with shoulder-length blond hair, thin lips, blue eyes an upturned nose. Her practice has been here for many years. None of us were working here when she opened it.

The first patient, a young man whom I recognized as a regular, came through the doorway minutes after I took my seat in front of my computer. He's wearing jeans and water resistant yellow boots. A white teeshirt sports a picture of a faucet and company name Derico Plumbing.

How far can I go with my new braless look? I think I'll wear the polka dot sheer blouse tomorrow. Jon the plumber's eyes went right to my breasts though he did not comment.

The day passed quickly. Did anyone even notice my look?

The weather had warmed up a few degrees. The four of us left the office together walking four abrest on the asphalt. One by one we reached our cars, mine being the farthest away.

That worked out well. No one criticized or was judgemental. Tomorrow I will definetly wear something more sheer.

The following morning I donned a pink long-sleeve mesh sheer pullover with a denim skirt. Ok I'll admit it. I like showing my boobs.

For the last 17 months I've been single. On a subconscious level going braless is a way of using my body to attract a man.

Day after day at the office colleagues didn't seem to care about how I was clothed, which is fine with me. Their indifference led me to believe that Elaine and Chris are straight. Alicia, though gay, has a girlfriend, probabably a jealous one.

Tuesday evening just after Memorial Day finds me at the home of my younger brother James. We had been making small talk for a few minutes while waiting for his friend Randy from work.

It would be nice if he and I hit it off. I won't be too flirty, but I'll hope for the best. Maybe the sheer top and no bra will get his attention.

Randal Connolly turns out to be lean, 6 foot 1 inch with light-brown hair and blue eyes, a sharp nose, and thin lips. A long face sports a neatly trimmed beard. He's cetainly a hunk. The height difference dosen't matter.

I immediately engaged him in conversation getting to know him. Much of our chat was anecdotal.

I asked, "did you know James before you started working there."

"We met at work. We work in adjacent cubicles. He had been there for two months when I started."

I could not help noticing that he was looking through my shirt at my boobs. He wants to touch these.

The shadows were growing longer. The temperature cooled as sun moved closer to the horizon.

His question a half hour in his company was not unexpected.

"When did you stop wearing a bra?"

I did, however, hesitate for a couple of seconds before answering it.

"A few days ago," I replied. "I never liked wearing them."

"My ex wife would like your fashion sense."

"HUH?"

"Lorie switched sides on me."

"That's not good."

"We were about six months into the marriage."

The dentist office is closed on weekends. The sun was at 10 o'clock. The thermometer registered 81*. It would turn out to be a nice day for the beach.

We walked onto Black's beach, a narrow strip of sand at the base of a cliff near La Jolla. The sun is at 11 o'clock. The thermometer registered 94*. It was high tide.

I've never not worn panties. Except for substituting a red and white striped bikini bottom this day was not different. Roughly 10 steps from the water Randal pulled off his pants revealing his ass and a big penis. I pulled off my t-shirt putting "the girls" all the way out for the first time.

We sat with knees raised and gazed at the surf. Randal put an arm around my shoulder.

"You're allowed to touch them," I said looking down at my breasts.

He planted a kiss on my lips which I gave back.

In a soft voice he asked, "do you want to have sex."

I gave a nod smiling.

I knelt upright dragging the bikini bottom down and stood up only high enough to pull it off.

He put another kiss on my lips before I lay on my back.

I let out soft "mmmmmmmm" as his manhood penetrated deep touching my G-spot.

This feels so good. "Don't stop."

His dick slid back and forth slowly. Every muscle in my pelvis went into spasms. Wetness spread inside me.

Suddenly my climax happened. I let him know it with a scream.

Another surprise happened not long after my orgasm. As I lay with my head toward the surf and facing the sun I heard a voice.

"Hello Stephanie. Was it good?"

I turned my head in the direction of the sound, my left.

Standing completely naked over me was Christine Lockwood.

On Christine's left stood a naked blond woman with a pixie cut, upturned nose, thin lips and blue eyes. She wore no makeup.

"This is my wife Cassie."

"Nice to meet you," I replied.

"This is Stephanie, my appointment secretary."

The two women turned and walked away holding hands.

Randy followed them with his eyes then turned to me. "I wonder if they'll fuck."

I shook my head and replied. "Probably, but I don't want to see that."

My boss and her wife stretched out on a blanket roughly 50 yards to our right and a few feet to our rear.

Randy had stroked his penis until it became fully erect. In the corner of my eye I could see his hand pumping rapidly.

I turned to watch.

I like seeing you excited Randy.
