Part One....
That weekend day I was living the perfect life with two boys and a loving wife, a home of our own, two cars how could it been better?
The boys (age 14-15) were at baseball practice and the wife out buying groceries so I took that time to vacuum the interior of my car. The sun was high in the sky, no clouds just a grand summer day. The noise of the cleaner in addition to having the car radio on I didn't hear anything and it was only after I stepped out of the car I heard a voice.
Our next door neighbours are a bit different. I've never seen the wife without a beer in her hand. She looks as if her life has been miserable based on her looks, clothes and way she carried herself. They had a daughter and a son. In some sense of perversion the girl was named Alice and the boy Ellis. The Mother would holler, yell real loud and it was impossible to know which one she was calling. 
Ellis was a nice kid who hung out at times in our home playing with mine. He always seemed hungry and never turned down a piece of pie or ice cream which my wife kept on hand for `her three boys". The clothes were shabby and as if cast off from charities.
The husband worked in some shop downtown. He was always dirty, torn clothes, unshaved (not in a fashionable but more in neglect). He was not the friendly type and we had never spoken.
Alice was the voice I heard coming from over her side of the 6 foot fence. I went to the fence and looked over it seeing Alice laying on a large towel. It was very hot that day and she was obviously sunning herself.  She had heard me  and told me she needed some lotion on her back as she couldn't reach them.  Alice is about same age or little older then my oldest son. We had never really talked and she wasn't a close friend of my boys so though I knew her I didn't actually call her a friend..
I looked around and saw anyone else and couldn't think of a polite way of getting out of it. Telling her to wait I'd be over in a few minutes. I cleaned up my car mess and went around to their front yard entering by way of a side gate. 
Soon as I entered their backyard I felt I shouldn't have. She was on her stomach facing the other direction from the entrance her feet towards me, her legs spread open and the crotch of her swimming suit in my direct line of sight, a roundish bulge ala Taco shell.
  It was highly embarrassing as I've always been very loyal to my wife. She was the first woman I ever had sex with and our 17 years of marriage been so perfect I couldn't imagine looking at a different woman, let alone a blooming young girl.
She looked over her shoulder telling me to hurry as the sun was very hot. I was hot, not sexually just off mentally balanced. I walked over beside her and could not help but notice she was wearing a string bikini. The front was just a tiny string that tied around the neck. 
Alice was about 105 pounds, 5 feet 3 inches tall, with a 32 A bra, 22 waist and 34 butt. Her obvious youth belied her Mothers pale faded looks.
The bikini had ties on each side with just a hint of clothe hiding the crack of her ass. Her buttocks were as perfect as a babys, round, without any blemishes. My dick was moving and that's not right.  My guilt continued as I was looking at a very young girl and in spite of my habit of being polite I could only stare.
Alice laughed telling me to close my mouth, I guess I did look stupid, and put some lotion on her. She handed me the bottle and then lifted her hair so her neck was uncovered. I put a little on her neck and slowly softly rubbed it in. 
Alice was looking down so I fugitively sneaked a looked at her ass. The string separated her cheeks and was like none I'd ever seen before - ok I'm not into looking at naked women so this was my first. As I rubbed the lotion Alice was chatting about her brother, my sons, and oohhh how good my hands were.
I rubbed the lotion on her shoulders and then down her back. I wanted to get out of there but didn't know how and I was enjoying the soft nubile skin, the sneaking peaks at her ass. Without intention, I massaged the sides of her tits hastily retreating. as Alice giggled.
Thinking I could end this fast so poured some on her shins and massaged her muscles, she said I could get a job as a masseuse as my touch was so good. I enjoyed the flattery and looked up her back, which was a bad move on my part because I could see a lip sticking out side of the clothe bottom. Moving to other side of her I put lotion on her other leg and upper thigh and om my, saw some pubic hair sticking out this side. My erection was becoming uncomfortable in its confinement. 
My erection was becoming uncomfortable but I didn't know how to move it without Alice knowing. She reached back and pulled the tiny bottom down uncovering the top half of her anal cleft. Would I be a dear and do this to because she hated tanlines. I knew spittle of precum leaked out me at this sight and her comments.
Taking each globe in a hand I massaged them moving them in same then different directions, unconsciously squeezing the compact flesh so arousing.. Alice moaned then asked, if I would do that again this time with lotion? My mind scrabbled in my awkward self-consciousness mumbling nonsense even I could understand. My cock hurt. 
I poured lotion on her lower spine then hesitantly worked it in to the two dimples on either side of the lower spine area. I hoped shed say stop that's enough but I was trapped and had no will on my own to stop.
Finally I put some in her anal crack and using a finger entered in a female body  area where I'd never been with my wife. She was slowly grinding her lower belly into the towel and giving soft gasps. I was at the entrance of her asshole and abruptly stopped. I stood up saying I needed to get home as my wife would be there soon from shopping.
Alice turned over and for the first time was looking into the face of a sixteen year old girl. She talked baby talk saying why must I go as I wasn't quite done.  She gazed at front of my pants and noticed my pants were tenting as my dick was obviously enjoying the summer day in a way I'd never expected.
She reached up and I thought it was for the lotion bottle, instead it was my wrist she grabbed and as I was off balance stumbled near her just catching myself before falling. Telling me I had such nice hands she poured a large amount of lotion on her flat belly. The navel practically did not exist and was filled with white tanning lotion.
Whimpering to me please and with her lower lip out she asked if I'd continue. I looked to my home but it was still quiet and empty giving me alibi for retreating. I knelt down and staring only at her navel I rubbed the skin, watching it and trying to hide my dick from her She was talking but I couldn't look at her as this was so wrong and I was finding guilty pleasure.
She arched her back and to my dismay saw she had undid the string around her neck. The small triangles covering her breasts looked even smaller.  Her breasts shaped as a volcano with a pokie nipples straining against the fabric. Gulping and not looking I rubbed the excess lotion up to but not on her breasts. 
She giggled and in spite of myself I looked at her face. She was enjoying my discomfort. A teenager tormenting  "a happily married man". With my distraction she took my right hand and moved it, still covered in lotion, onto her left breast.  She squeezed my hand over her nipple which was erect, under the cloth and very soft pliable and wobbly as together we toyed with it. Look at me she commanded, as there was no doubt who was in control. Looking at her I couldn't breathe and was gulping like a fish out of water. Your other hand she whispered through half closed eyes and on that command I was caressing her magnificent breasts which filled my hands perfectly. Her hands no longer on mine she laid down as I molested her breasts, squeezing, twisting the ripening nipples. 
She took my right hand and I watched it hypnotized like a rabbit in a stare of a snake, my mind no longer mine as she slid it under her bottom. 
The hair wasn't very thick so I was instantly on her slit. I caressed the mound, now devoid of any inhibitions as she moved in reaction to my arousing her. The clit was just a nub which I circled pushed, pulled, wiggled and vibrated it. She simultaneously wiggled and softly moaning, seemingly saying yes yes yes. The area was now awash in her juices covering my fingers. The smell of a summer day was now filled with her vaginal odor, as was the silence broken by her gasping and moaning.
I wanted to go further and spread her legs and put my penis deep into her. Out of corner my eye I saw a movement. There not ten feet away from me was her father standing behind a glass door. It was evident he saw what I was doing to his daughter and as I watched I saw he was stroking his cock. We locked eyes.
Fumbling to get my hand out of her swimming suit I stumbled to my feet and hurriedly ran to my home. I knew this was my last day of freedom as soon I'd be in jail for molesting his daughter..





