"...and this Reisling for dessert. Figure it'd go with anything. Orlando got me started on Reslings. I think he just liked them because they were fruity." Craig laughed and handed David the bottle.

David looked consideringly at the wine, and then nodded. "You're getting a little better at this, Craig. So long as I only let you shop, fetch and carry, we do all right."

"Everyone has to be good at something." Craig said with a laugh. "So what'd you cook? Smells great."

"Sourdough bread, grilled salmon, pasta salad. And if you even try and put vegemite on the bread, I will hurt you. There is a time and a place."

"One time, again, just the one time." Craig mumbled, grinning.

"The times you've tried to do it and I've caught you count."

Craig smiled. "I appreciate you having me for dinner tonight. You know how much I love salmon. Orlando hated salmon, liked redfish though."

"I know. And it's no problem, I'm just sorry we didn't see much of each other this time," David said, slicing the bread, trying not to grip the handle too tightly.

"Maybe we can get together when I get back? You'll be around, right?"

"I always am, aren't I?" David turned around, hoping his smile didn't look forced, then went back to the bread.

"Yeah you're dependable that way, always have been." Craig said. "You were never late or skived off a date. You weren't like Orlando. That little fucker was always late."

"Mmm hmm." David put down the knife, filling the basket with bread and carrying it to the table. "Want me to open the wine?"

"No I got it. I got used to opening wine in New Zealand." Craig said and looked around. "You got a cork screw?"

"Top drawer, left. Try and open it without doing something that will land yourself in hospital?"

"Uh huh." Craig said and lifted his eyebrow, grinning. "You don't have a lot of faith in my ability to watch out for myself, do you?"

"Nope," David grinned back, fetching glasses for both of them.

Craig moved to sit down, a flicker crossing his face. "Maybe I should let you be my mum." He snorted out a laugh. "You could warn me off the men I seem to attract."

David rolled his eyes. "Yeah, that's exactly what I want to be... your mum. My lifelong ambition. Now eat up before it gets cold, you're skin and bones."

"Yes mum." Craig said and laughed and dug into the meal.

***

"What part of the whole 'you aren't allowed to do dishes in my house' thing aren't you understanding," David teased, taking the plate out of Craig's hand. "You can make the coffee."

"Oh coffee you trust me with, huh?" Craig asked, bumping David's shoulder. "Remember that crap coffee mocha ice stuff that Orlando used to drink. God that was bad." He said with a laugh.

"Coffee I trust you with. Partly because I'm going to have tea," he added, plugging in the kettle with a smirk.

"Cream?" Craig asked.

"Second shelf, behind the margarine."

Craig stuck his head in the refrigerator and came out with the container. "Why don't you get the good stuff? This is nasty. Even Orlando wouldn't drink this." Craig looked at David and grinned.

"Because I don't drink it, so I get the canned stuff. It lasts longer. Can't you let it go, Craig? It was a long time ago." David sighed.

Craig looked at the red head, head cocked and frowning. "What are you talking about? Let what go?"

"Orlando. You've mentioned him in some way or another thirteen... no, fourteen times since you got here tonight. Just..." David shrugged. "Just let it go."

Craig tightened his jaw and sat the cream down on the counter. "Orlando - I -" He rubbed his forehead. "Don't you - I-" He stared at David. "That little bastard, this is his fault."

"Which this, Craig?" David sounded tired. "Viggo? Marton? Maybe Harry? The past five years of your life that you've wasted being angry with him for something that wasn't even entirely his fault?"

"Wasn't his fault? David he screwed around on me, hell on you too. He hurt us. God, I hate him." Craig pushed away from the counter. "I need to go, I've got my flight tomorrow. Thanks for the dinner. It was great as always."

"Fucking Karl isn't going to get you Orlando."

Craig blinked and then stared at David. "I beg your pardon."

David looked down, taking a deep breath, then looked at Craig again. "I said that fucking Karl isn't going to get you Orlando. Just like fucking Viggo didn't, going after Marton didn't, Harry, god knows who else. It's not going to change anything. I don't know why you can't let this go, but you need to."

"I am not trying to get Orlando." Craig said, voice raised. "I have let it go. I am completely over what he did to me. How he treated me. I - you know - fuck you David. This is not about Orlando. This is about how he treated us."

David's eyes flared. "Get out."

"What?"

"Get out. Fuck me? Fuck you, Craig. And leave me out of your little vendetta you've got going here. I never asked you for that- I never wanted that. And I'm tired of waiting around hoping that you'll stop hurting people, stop hurting yourself, and stop hurting me. Get the fuck out of my house."

Craig shook his head, eyes wide. "What the hell David? How have I ever hurt you? I tried to help when Orlando dumped you. I've always come back here to you. What the hell?"

"He didn't dump me, Craig- god! We had sex a couple of times, and he moved on. And it didn't exactly stop you from fucking him, did it? It was a film set, Craig- it happens. And yes, I was pissed, but I got over it a hell of a long time ago, because it wasn't like he ever lied to me. This isn't a fifties movie, we weren't going steady... it was a goddamned film set. And I should have told you to grow up a long time ago."

"Maybe I should just go." Craig said and started toward the front door. "I'll call you when I get back."

"Don't bother. I'm done. Have a nice life, Craig," David said, looking at him one more time and walking out of the room and upstairs.

Craig almost stumbled, mouth agape. Finally he turned and slammed out of the house.