Obsessed!
A newlywed couple's venture into group masturbation and bisexuality


Callie was so excited that she and her new husband Mark had decided to relocate to Florida.  She loved the white sandy beaches, the warm balmy breezes, and the million-dollar sunsets.  She didn't even mind having to work night shifts as a clerk at a local resort while her husband finished his computer technician courses at the local community college.  Callie had just turned 18 and Mark was barely 20.  Mark met a couple of other young man taking the same courses, and they began a regular study group.  Since Callie worked evenings, the group got in the habit of meeting at their apartment.  The guys got into surfing for porn on the internet one night.  This became a regular thing with the group, and they even started taking turns renting xxx movies.  These guys were geeks without much outlet for "kinky" sex.  Mark was the only one that was married, and most of the other guys didn't date that much.  Since they had gotten to know one another and became comfortable with the group, the guys began to jack off as they watched the smut.  The "study" group grew until six or eight guys usually got together each night.  At first, it was embarrassing to them, but they progressed to where all of them got completely naked...got out lotions and baby oils....and stroked their poles with abandon.  Mark and the others began to eye the other men's appendages.  Further meetings developed into each of them "helping" the others with handjobs and eventually blowjobs.  One night Mark was seated on the couch.  One of his buddies was on his knees in front of Mark, sucking his dick like a starved baby.  Two other guys were on their knees on the couch on each side of Mark.  They stroked their turgid poles and rubbed precum on Mark's face while poking at Mark's wet lips with their cockheads.  Mark grabbed their asses and pulled the cocks toward his face.  At that moment the keys rattled in the door lock and Callie entered.  A schedule change had caused her to come home from work a few hours early.  She stared at the spectacle before her and freaked.  She stormed off to the bedroom.  That sort of broke off the "study time" for the evening.  
Callie and Mark talked over the next few days about their relationship and Mark's masturbation activities.  Callie had been horrified at having seen her handsome, young husband "copulating" with three other men in what appeared to be gay sex.  Mark explained that it was just a love of masturbation and a fascination over guys' cocks that was the big turn-on.  He made it clear to her that he was not particularly turned on by guys bodies - only their hard cocks - and that he still loved only her.  Mark suggested that Callie join the group one night to observe what was going on.  She would not have to do anything except sit there and watch the goings on.  It was all so new and overwhelming to her, since she had only ever been with one man....her beloved husband Mark.  Before arriving home early on that fateful night, Callie had never so much as seen another man's privates.  Callie literally worshipped Mark and pledged to herself that she would try to understand and support her dear husband.  Whatever he was into doing....as long as they loved each other....she would learn to like it too - or at least to tolerate it.  Callie didn't know it yet, but she wasn't going to need to "tolerate" anything.
As the guys arrived on the appointed night, Mark explained to each of them that Callie would be there, since she wanted to find out what was going on.  They were all kind of nervous at first in mixed company, but they eventually relaxed and kicked back.  Callie had a rush of new-found feelings as the men undressed and sat about the living room.  The guys focused on the television and began discreetly as was possible to stroke their cocks.  Callie was positively freaking out.  Not because her husband was involved in this activity, but because of the surging jolts of raw lust burning through her body.  The movie that night showed a young woman that looked remarkably like Callie, fucking a sucking a group of guys.  The guys were jacking and sucking each other as they took turns fucking the slut in the video.  Mark was sitting next to Callie and Steve to his left side.  Mark reached for Steve's throbbing cock and began to stroke it as Callie looked on.  Chills and hot flashes overcame her body and mind at the image of her husband's hand on the other man's cock.  The other guys noticed the action with Mark and Steve and began to slouch down in their chairs...extend their legs spread open wide...and boldly long-stroke their hard dicks....pushing their crotches upward and outward....and verbally grunting and moaning.  The guys were oozing copius flows of precum and used it to slid their slick palms up and down their hard shafts.  The slurping sound of wet, slimy dick stroking could be heard throughout the room.  Callie focused on each of the guys.  As she caught their eyes, some of them would look shyly away.  But others...Including Frank would look right back at her...not stopping their frenzied strokes to their maleness.  Callie began to swoon with hunger and lust that she have never before experienced.
"I have an idea honey." Mark asked, "Why don't you be the 'oiler' for the group tonight?  All you got to do is make sure each of us has enough lotion or baby oil while we play."  Callie thought about it.  "That won't be so bad....kinda fun playing 'hostess' to the group." She thought.  Callie ran off to the bathroom to retrieve the baby oil and lotions.
While there, Callie decided to get out of her jeans and blouse and change into a short nightshirt.  She didn't want to get any stains on her good clothes.  Before donning the nightshirt, she removed her bra and panties too.  Callie was surprised to find her panties soaking.  She hadn't really wanted to admit it to herself, but she was so fucking turned-on.  The sizzling reality of the situation now commanded her consciousness, and she realized that she was about to lose control.  Rather than becoming alarmed, Callie was thrilled by thoughts filthy and decadent behavior.  Returning to the living room she saw the cute girl on the screen stroking a huge, shiny, hard cock with her tiny hands.  She looked about the room at the eight hard cocks belonging to Mark and his classmates.  
"Hey Callie, I need a little greasin' up." Frank, a tall, slim Jamaican man called to her.  Callie stared at the black spear in Frank's hand.  "Oh my God," Callie thought.  "I never realized they could be that fucking huge!"  She walked the small distance to Frank and knelt before him.  A closer look at Frank's pecker sent Callie soaring with sexual power.  The glistening black flesh....the mammoth ball sack....and the luscious bulbous head dripping with precum.  Callie extended her hand with the bottles of oil and lotion.  Frank just stared at her like she was stupid.  "What's with you girl?  Do what an 'oiler' is supposed to do."  Callie realized then that Frank expected her to actually do the oiling.  She could hear her husband's encouragement.  "Go on honey...It's OK...just make Frank and the others happy."  Callie moved closer to the black shaft.  She could hear the slurpy, squishy sound of Frank's hard flesh sliding through his hand.  She could smell the manly odor from the black man's crotch.  Callie looked into Frank's eyes....at the unbridled hunger....the heat of a black man for her creamy white married pussy.  "Lotion or oil?"  "Oil it up baby." Frank grunted.  "Better take that shirt off of you....gonna get oil all over it."  With that said, Frank whipped the nightshirt over Callie's head.  She was now completely nude.  The huge slab of manmeat in front of her took her attention away however as she poured baby oil into the palm of her left hand.  Callie laid her hand on the shaft of Frank's cockmeat and slid the oil into his hot flesh.  Frank removed his hand as Callie poured more oil on Frank's dick, took a firmer grasp with both hands on the huge pole and stroked the full length.  All the guys were going crazy watching those tiny white hands....the slender fingers...and especially the glistening diamond wedding rings - A sacred symbol that marks a married woman....sliding up and down the mammoth black shaft.  The oil flowed down the shaft and onto his giant nutsack.  Callie carefully massaged the oil over Frank's balls, grazing her fingers down to his crotch to catch the extra drips of oil.  "Hey honey....how about a little of that for me? "Mark called to his cute little wife.  Callie was really on fire now, stroking a cock larger than she had ever realized existed until tonight.  Reluctantly she released her hold on the gorgeous black tool and turned to her husband.  Mark was laying back on the couch with Steve straddling his chest.  Steve was plunging his cock into Mark's mouth.  Mark's dick was standing hard and straight up, waiting for someone's attention.  Callie salivated at the sight and crawled over to Mark on all fours.  She poured lotion over his cock and balls and gripped the shaft with both of her hands.  She had her husband's prick slick with lubricants as she leaned further to envelop his meat with her soft, pillowy tits.  She watched Steve's ass surging back and forth near her face, as he plunged his cock into her hubby's warm, inviting mouth.  She reached under Steve, fondling his hot balls and sliding her fingers up his shaft to where it slid into Mark's lips.  Callie traced a finger around Steve's hard meat and Mark's soft, suckling lips.  As Steve's movements became more frantic, Callie drew her hand back between his ass cheeks and began to slide an oily finger into his ass.  Steve let out a groan as Callie plunged her finger into Steve's ass and probed his prostate.  That took Steve's over the edge as he pumped ropes of hot cum into Mark's mouth.  Mark's dick exploded from between Callie's tits and drenched her face, neck and chest with simmering man-juice.  Mark and Steve both stood and lifted Callie onto the couch.  They pressed their dripping cocks into Callie's face, so that she could properly clean the scum-covered meat.
Things had gotten out of control.  Callie had entered into this arrangement as an observer, but was now a full...and very willing participant.  After Steve and Mark had been completely cleaned, two of the other guys took their places as they stroked their hard cocks in front of Callie's face.  She could feel hands reaching from behind the couch, as two more men stood behind her.  They entertained themselves with grabbing large locks of Callie's long, curly hair and wrapping their dicks with it.  They glided their hands over the silken hair covering their twitching cocks.  Callie got the two men in front of her oiled up and jacked each cock as she rubbed the sensitive heads on her creamy tits.  She laid her head back and the two men behind her began to caress her cheeks with their cocks.  She grabbed more oil and poured it on her hands, quickly smearing it over her face and over the cocks rubbing over it.  
Mark now watched as his sweet, young wife sat with four naked, panting men.  All four were wildly rubbing her oily tits and face with rock-hard cocks.  He could see that she had never been happier, and this really turned him on.  He wanted her to fuck them too!  He thought of Frank, who was still sitting in one of the chairs...stroking his huge dick and watching the action.  Mark kneeled on the floor in front of Callie and motioned Frank to come over.  Frank faced Mark and pushed his black cock into Mark's sucking lips.  Mark sucked and savored the feeling of Frank's beautiful appendage sliding into his throat, but he wanted his beloved wife to experience the ultimate penetration.  He had Frank get on his knees now and face Callie.  Mark again grabbed Frank's pole and began to rub his dripping dick on Callie's smooth, wet cunt.  Callie hips rose up as if begging to be fucked.  As Mark continued to clutch Frank's dick....probing his wife's juicy labia with it... Frank pushed forward into Callie with a plunge that impaled her on eight inches of Frank's meat.  Amid Callie's ecstatic screams, Frank drew back to nearly the point of pulling out and slammed back in to the hilt.  Callie was now being fucked by 14 inches of steel-hard, coal-black, hot, throbbing cock meat.  Callie was panting and screaming deliriously.  The two remaining guys there squeezed in as close as they could.  Each of them grabbed one of Callie's hands and wrapped it around their cock.  Mark looked on now as seven men were now assaulting his cute, sexy wife.  It was so fucking hot for Mark to watch....His dear, loving wife with two cocks rubbing her soft face and probing her hot mouth.....two more hard cocks rubbing over her heaving tits...her tiny hands extending out to still two more stiff dicks, stroking them with her oily grasping digits....and a huge black, black horse cock fucking into the core of her body.  There was oil and lotion over everything.  The men were sweating heavily....dripping sweat and other juices on Callie's tender flesh.  Mark's wife was a dripping mess of cum, sweat, saliva, oil, and lotion....her body heaving in orgasmic convulsions.  The guys began to cum...one after another....shooting their hot loads on Callie's face and tits.  Callie saw the ropes of cum flying at her as she opened her mouth wide.  She lunged at each cock as she saw it begin to spurt, trying to catch as much of their juices as possible in her mouth or at least on her face.  As each man shot his load, he fell back to relax and watch as the remainder continued their cumfest.  Big Frank's long, pistoning strokes into the depths of Callie's snug pussy and cervix had the cum boiling in his monstrous balls.  Frank wanted to cum in Callie's cunt, but Mark begged him to pull out.  Frank slid his gigantic schlong out of Callie and Mark immediately began to pump Frank's pole with both of this hands.  He stroked the length of the huge, ebony meat log.  Mark loved the feel of the huge black slab of flesh.  As his fingers glided up and down, Mark thought about this incredible piece of meat had just been up inside his innocent, young wife and how he wanted to coax the hot nigger cum out onto his wife...for her to drink and savor as a filthy cock and cum slut.  He rubbed the greasy spear between his wife's soft tits and gently slapped her face with the incredible prick....all the while Mark's hands feverishly gripping his Frank's shaft...his fingers racing up and down.  Mark was mentally begging, "Please Frank....drown her with your cum.....fill her mouth....cover her face and tits with your cock cream!"  Frank bellowed.  Mark could feel the surging up the underside of Frank's cock.  Rope after rope of thick, gelatinous goo flew out of Frank's dick.  Callie quickly filled her mouth, continuing to swallow the delicious cum from this strange black man.  Mark guided Frank's squirting dick across his wife's face and chest, her whole face, neck, shoulders and chest was completely drenched in cum.  Mark snuggled next to his wife as they shared little nibbles and sucks to Frank's cock, worshiping and loving the huge tool as they basked in the afterglow of passion.
"Same time tomorrow, Mark?"  One of the guys asked.  Callie answered for him, "Why not come over on Thursday?  That's my evening off this week, and I hope all you guys will take good care of me."  She smiled sexily.  All the guys wholeheartedly agreed that they loved including her in their "study" group.
Mark and Callie laid in bed that night snuggling and talking about the evening.  "I guess we both learned a lot about ourselves tonight.  We are both sluts for hard cock and cum."
Callie giggled and agreed.  She was thinking about what she would do at work tomorrow.
She contemplated all the fresh, hot cock that she could find at the resort she worked at.
"I think I'll put our phone number in a few of the men's rooms...along with a note....Young, hot newlywed couple - Looking for huge, hard cocks and gallons of cum - Call and leave message."  Mark chuckled and thought to himself, "I wonder if she is serious...I sure hope so!"  They drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

