An Indian Sister and I Ch. 02
byprankshaw(C)
After what seemed to be an eternity, she emerged from the bathroom and treaded into our bedroom. She was drying her hair with a towel and did not bother to put on a single piece of clothing. Not mind my presence initially, she continued rubbing her hair, and turned towards me. She tilted her head in slant position, and with a sheepish smile, she continued working on her hair.

I saw my sister fully nude for the very first time. Not surprisingly, she had a very hairy bush between her legs. I understood she had never had a shave in her pubic area ever in her life. The sight of her bushy cunt reflected the fact that she was a very, very mature woman and she is no more a girl. She put her panties on but it failed to cover all the cunt hair - lots of spurious hairs spiked out of the panties. As she put the bra up and seeing her struggling to connect the ends of the bra straps in her rear, I moved towards her and offered my help.

She murmured, "Oh, after all these years, I realize I need a brother who could do everything!"

"Fuck you" - I replied

She turned back and her eyes popped out - in admonishment not to use F-word.

I gave her a who-cares-your-stare snare.

"Ok now, off you go! I need to dress up." - she responded.

"Oh, do you really mean it? You know what? I want to be in the room when ever you change clothes! You dress up, you fucking strip off, you simply change, WHATEVER! I just want to be there. Because you are so FUCKING HOT!!!!"

"Ok da, chill.. I will be your slutty sister never caring for her dressing whenever we are alone. And yes, I'll call you whenever I decide to change my clothing" - she dutifully responded.

"What do you mean by slutty sister, di? Will you.....?"

"Shhhh! Just tell me what dress to put up, ok?!" She asked me with her hands on her hips, her tits jutting out of her bra.

"I want your tits di."

"What?"

"I want to suck your boobs."

"For God's sake da, it's over the top today. I've never ever...... you know. It's over my head, I need to have a reflection of what has happened. I am simply, so fogged. Is it so wrong, brother? How did I break my inhibitions? Where do we go from here? I need answers da."

She broke into tears and closed her face. I approached her, giving her a BIG hug. Hugging a sister in just her bra & panties would have given me a huge erection under normal circumstances. But this time around, having understood the gravity of the situation, my hug turned out to be warm and assuring for her.

Releasing her from my grip and walked away from the room. After a cool shower I walked naked to the bedroom (not bothering to close the door) to change myself. She waited and we had the lunch together. I started for the mall soon afterwards - at the door planting a deep, passionate kiss on her lips. Seconds turned into minutes as our lips inter-locked, and while I passionately kissed my sister, I took my mobile from my pocket and texted friends that I could not make it out for the outing. I threw the mobile to the table nearby.

Continuing our fierce kissing, I slammed the door shut and I forced her with her back to the door as I started lick her bulbous neck. My chest mashed into her huge tits as she grabbed my head. Sounds of moaning filled the room as she lifted a leg and wrapped it around me. I tightly hugged her as I pulled the zipper at the back her churidhar. I put my hand at the back of her thigh that was rooted to the ground and I pushed it up. She got my cue and lifted the other leg too, as she got off her feet and latched both her legs around my waist.

Yes, she was HEAVY. I rammed her back against the door as I stated dry humping her against the door. Both the sister and brother were overcome by sheer passion as we expended energy to pleasure each other. It turned out to be a sweaty affair as she wrapped her arms around my neck as she literally plunged her tongue into my mouth. Her aroma was driving me crazy as I responded to her kisses and tried to keep up with her pace. Man, it's difficult to keep the pace up with the women once they lose their control.

With her still latched around my waist, I ran the whole length across the hallway, towards our bedroom. On reaching it, I threw her onto the bed as I jumped over her as I fiercely stripped her off her salwar and kameez. I squatted on her as I started kneading her bra-clad boobs. I freed her boobs from the bra as I unceremoniously bent down to take her nipple in my mouth for the first time ever.

Looking back at what happened, I think I could have made a slower progress. But the sheer fantasy that was built in me over the years and her sheer new-found passion made us two wild animals in the bed.

My mouth sucked and sucked her left nipples as my left hand turned and twisted her other nipple. She late revealed to me that as I sucked more and more, her pussy walls sprayed juices again and again in her vagina.'

"Bite me da!", she was pent up with passion. I placed her nipples between my teeth as I alternatively applied pressure and relieved it.. She plucked my hair at the base of my head as she started her moan. I increased the pressure where I was really biting her nipples hard. It should have hurt her a little, but it was driving her to the crests of ecstasy. She asked me to maintain the pressure which I dutifully followed. The moaning from deep within as she lifted her chest off the ground. She was approaching her orgasm.

Sensing this, I left sucking her tits and I climbed up we shared a deep kiss. I humped my hips - up & down - as I mock fucked her. She grabbed my ass as she lifted her hips off the bed and mashed our hips in mid-air as she came & came, pushing up against me with each splash of ecstasy inside her vagina.

Both of us were exhausted both physically and emotionally as I rolled off and lay beside her. It would have looked a little weird, brother fully dressed and sister just in her panties, laying side by side, catching up breaths.