Gerard had finally saved up enough money to buy the home theater system he had been wanting. It had taken pretty much an entire year of putting back money every week from his paycheck and asking for money for Christmas and his birthday in lieu of presents.

He had gone to Best Buy that morning in his best friend's borrowed truck to buy it and bring it home. Gerard had the perfect place to put it in his small apartment, although it was going to take up most of his living room. Not that that mattered much; Gerard hardly ever had company other than his brother or his best friend, Bob.

When he got home, Gerard borrowed a dolly from his landlord and hauled the boxes to the elevator and then into his apartment. He rested for a few minutes before opening the box that held the stand for his new TV and stereo system. He took out the instruction book, looking in dismay at how thick it was. He really didn't want to deal with that, but it wasn't like he had much of a choice anymore.

At the store, they had offered to have someone come set it up for free since he'd spent so much money. But he'd said no, wanting to set it up himself. Gerard sighed, opening the book and looking at what he'd need. Fuck, of course it was gonna require tools. Gerard spent the next twenty minutes searching for a screwdriver, which he finally found in a box of junk under his bed.

And that was just the beginning of his problems. All of the parts seemed to be there, thankfully, but that was about the only thing that went right. First off, Gerard seemed not to have gotten the instruction book in English. Oh sure, the inventory list was in English, but the actual instructions, no. Half the book was in Spanish, and half was in what looked a little like German. Neither of which made any sense to Gerard, but there were diagrams, so he figured he'd just follow them.

The first few pictures were pretty easy to follow, and Gerard was able to get the base set up. But when he tried to put one of the side poles in, it didn't seem to fit right. He shoved it a bit too hard, and it kind of got stuck. After which he realized that he had been using a thicker pole that belonged in the middle of the unit.

Getting things wrong had always pissed Gerard off pretty badly, but he managed to keep his cool and get the poles on one side in properly. He'd deal with the stuck pole later. He decided he could probably start setting up shelves on the side that was going up okay. He got the shelf in place and screwed the screws in tightly to make sure they wouldn't come loose. And that was when Gerard realized that he had put the shelf on upside-down. He tried to get it unscrewed, but of course, he had put the screws in too tightly.

He was fucking fuming by that time, and in a fit of anger, he shoved the instruction book in his garbage disposal and turned it on. The sounds of destruction were satisfying until Gerard realized that he now had no way to finish setting up the theater system. With a sigh, he sat down on the couch, trying to figure out what to do.

After about ten minutes, he remembered that he could have someone come set it up. But that would mean calling Best Buy and basically admitting to them that he couldn't figure it out. He looked at the botch job he'd made of it so far and decided it would be worth the blow to his dignity.

**********

Two hours later, Gerard was sitting on the couch, doodling on some scratch paper while waiting for the guy to get there to fix the mess he'd made. He had called Best Buy, and they had been really nice about him changing his mind, telling him that someone would be by in a couple of hours. Apparently not many people needed stuff fixed late on a Tuesday afternoon.

A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door, and Gerard went to answer it. He opened the door on a man who really didn't look like, but obviously was, the guy there to help him with his entertainment system. Gerard's eyes flicked down to the nametag on the man's shirt. Frank.

"Hi, I'm Gerard. Come on in," he said, holding the door open.

"Frank," Frank replied, heading into the living room and looking at the mess Gerard had made.

He set down the toolbox he had brought with him, opening it and pulling out an instruction book. One that was obviously in English. Gerard shut the door and followed Frank in, going back to sit on the couch. He picked up his paper from before, half-heartedly resuming his doodling as he watched Frank flip through the instructions.

He stopped drawing altogether when Frank bent over his toolbox to get out a drill, instead opting to stare at Frank's ass. It was rather nice, and damn, he was hardly ever in such close proximity with hot men. He was definitely going to make the most of this.

It took Frank all of two minutes to use the drill to unscrew the upside-down shelf. He put it back on the proper way and moved to the other side, where the pole was stuck. He tried for a couple of minutes to pull it out, but to no avail. Eventually, he turned around and looked at Gerard.

"Give me a hand?"

Gerard nodded slowly, still kind of entranced with the way the muscles in Frank's back had been moving when he pulled. As Frank stared at him, he realized that oh yeah, he was supposed to be helping. He made his way over to Frank, getting a grip on the pole with both hands below Frank's.

"Alright, on three." Gerard nodded his assent.

"One, two, three."

They both pulled with all their strength, and the pole came out easily. Unfortunately, both of them went flying backward. Frank went sprawling back into the coffee table, and Gerard ended up somersaulting backward into the sofa. Gerard got up after a minute, his back twinging, and went to check on Frank. Frank had apparently knocked his head pretty hard since he was clutching it and moaning in pain.

"Hey, are you okay?" Gerard asked, standing over Frank.

"Uhhh…" was all Frank said.

"Come on, let's get you to the couch." Gerard grabbed Frank around the waist and hauled him onto the couch, laying him down gently. "You want some aspirin?"

"Uh-huh," Frank managed to get out.

Gerard went to get the aspirin and two glasses of water. He took some aspirin himself, before deciding that an ice pack would probably help Frank's head. He made one up and went back into the living room, settling on the floor next to the couch.

"Can you lift your head?"

Frank only got it a little way up himself, and Gerard helped the rest of the way, getting him to take the aspirin and drink some water. Gerard set Frank's head down gently, handing Frank the ice pack and watching him wince as the cold touched the bump on his head.

"Thanks," Frank said after a minute.

"You're welcome. Are you gonna be okay, or do I need to call an ambulance or something?"

"I'll be alright; I just need to rest for awhile."

"Okay. I kinda need to, too. My back hurts like a motherfucker." When Gerard stood up, he noticed that Frank really didn't look very comfortable. He was all scrunched up because Gerard's sofa was really small. Shit.

"Look, do you want to, um, lie in my bed with me? It's not as cramped, and your head won't be halfway on the arm of the couch." At first, Frank gave him a look like he thought Gerard was crazy for even suggesting it.

"Yeah, actually. That'd be good," Frank said after hurting himself further when trying to shift around.

He stood up slowly, clutching the ice pack to his head and following Gerard to his room, sighing in relief once he was lying on the bed. Gerard lay next to him, thinking about how truly weird it was to be sharing his bed with someone he met only an hour ago. And this wasn't even for sex, just to recover from an injury. Despite himself, Gerard could feel that he was beginning to fall asleep. He didn't mind so much when he heard Frank snoring lightly already.

**********

Gerard woke up a couple hours later, very groggy and very warm. He scooted closer to the man lying next to him, kissing his neck lazily. After a couple minutes of that, Gerard was pulled up into a slow but heady kiss. God, he couldn't remember the last time he'd had such a wonderful kiss.

His hands started to wander, sliding around a slim waist, and he felt the other man reciprocating the action. They lay there, just making out, for about fifteen minutes before the other man abruptly pulled away with a yell.

"Crap!"

He started to scramble out of the bed, but had to sit down again when his head started to swim. Gerard opened his eyes, fully taking things in for the first time since he woke up. Frank, his mind whispered helpfully as he stared at the other man. Oh shit, Frank. The repair guy, not someone he'd just fucked.

"Uh, look, I'm really sorry I just sort of felt you up. I mean, we hardly know each other, and you're just here to fix my fucked up entertainment center, and you're probably not even gay…" Gerard trailed off as Frank motioned for him to stop.

"Look, it's not like I stopped you, you know; I was kissing back. But I seriously have to get back. My shift ended like, half an hour ago." Gerard followed Frank as he slowly made his way back out to the living room. "Um, I think I should be able to come back tomorrow to finish."

Frank pulled his calendar out of his toolbox to check. "Yeah. If that's okay."

"Uh, sure. Just make it after noon."

Frank nodded, grabbing his toolbox and leaving.