My Friend's Sister
Ch. 01
by LOVESTOSHOWANDWATCH ©

This is my first story I've posted, so bear with me. This is true, as it 
happened a few years back.

Lori was Bill's little sister. However, she was not that little. She was a 
few years younger than me, but she did not look it at all. Every day after 
school I'd go down to Bill's house, with hopes of seeing Lori. She was 
always dressed sexy, either tight jeans or shorts and she always wore a 
tight shirt, which showed off her perfect chest. 

So, one day I go down, but Bill has to go out to work. I notice that Lori 
seems to be kind of depressed, so before heading home, I ask her what's 
up. She is upset that her boyfriend moved away, and she is lonely. I ask 
her if maybe she could use a massage, to take some of the stress away. 
Reluctantly, Lori agrees. I sit on the couch, and she lies across my lap 
so I can massage her. 

Today, she's wearing a pair of denim shorts that are pretty short and 
tight. She just has a regular t-shirt on top, along with a black bra that 
can be seen through her shirt. 

I begin massaging her and I start to lift her shirt up, so I can massage 
her bare back. It will feel better, I tell her. She agrees, she has always 
kind of flirted with me. However, her bra is totally in the way, so 
without asking, I unhook the bra and move the straps out of the way. Lori 
doesn't seem to mind. My legs were starting to go numb, so I tell her to 
lie on the floor, so I can massage her better. 

As she lies on the floor, I notice that she does not snap her bra back on, 
a good sign. So, as I kneel down next to her, I pull her shirt up 
completely, so I can massage her neck as well. I'm running my hands all 
over her back and her sides. As I'm doing this, I pull her bra up as well, 
cuz it's getting in the way. She just moans, ever so slightly, with 
pleasure.

I move my way back down to her legs. I'm massaging her legs and moving my 
way up towards her ass. My hands slowly sneak under her shorts and I can 
feel that she has knickers on. So, being bold, I reach around the front and 
unsnap her shorts, and pull them down. Lori does not mind. I'm massaging 
her over her knickers, and I assume that the only reason she hasn't stopped 
me yet is because she is still basically covered, I can't see anything 
really. However, as I'm massaging her, her ass starts to stick in the air. 
I'm not really sure of what to make of this, but I'm growing bolder and 
bolder as the time went on. So, I start massaging her hips, and act as if 
I'm just trying to give a good massage, when in reality, I'm running my 
hands inside her knickers and on her ass. I keep doing this for a while and 
her ass is moving around in pleasure, so I slide her knickers down her 
ankles with her shorts.

Now, she is lying there, with her shirt up around her neck, with her bra 
undone and practically lying on the floor under her, and her shorts and 
knickers around her ankles. So, I get up and straddle her legs, so her ass 
is right in front of my crotch. My cock is straining against my shorts, 
begging for some attention. I was only wearing cotton gym shorts and 
boxers. So, I continue the massage and I start to slide Lori's legs apart. 
She does not stop me. 

Her legs are now about shoulder length apart and her pussy is in clear 
sight. It smells so inviting and wonderful, but I do not want to spoil 
this. So, I keep massaging her ass and my hands gently move in and down 
towards her inviting cunt. Her ass moves up in the air ever so slightly, 
almost inviting me. My one hand gets down there and my pinkie finger 
gently brushes over her sweet bush. I feel a little moistness and I hear a 
moan of pleasure escape her lips. Lori still has not said a word, but I 
assume she is enjoying her massage as I haven't been stopped yet. 

Next lap around her ass, my thumb brushes up against her pussy, and this 
time I add a little pressure and gently part her lips. They feel so moist 
and ready for more. Now, Lori spreads her legs apart even farther on her 
own. So, I slide myself back and I stick my middle finger in real quick, 
as her pussy is so wet, it slides right in with no problem. She quickly 
gasps at what I have done, but does not look back at me or say a word. My 
finger is exploring her insides, stroking the side of her pussy for what 
seems like an eternity. My cock is straining against my shorts, a wet spot 
is clearly visible from where the precum has left its mark, but I do not 
stop. I am fucking my friend's little sister with my finger. Her ass is 
moving along to the rhythm I've set. She is moaning now, louder than 
before. Finally, I pull my shorts up a little bit and allow my cock to be 
free sticking out the side down my leg. Feeling Lori's leg touch my cock 
almost makes me shoot my load right there, but I held on. I did not want 
this to end. 

Then, with no warning, Lori brings her legs together, with my finger still 
inside her. She feels my cock in between her legs now, and she begins to 
move her legs up and down, basically jerking me off with her legs while I 
am still fingering her. After a minute or two, I see her grab hold of the 
carpet above her head and I feel a shudder race through her body. She 
relaxes her legs, so allow me to get my finger out of her, and I realize 
she has cum all over my hand. So, I stand up, as she has not said a word 
yet. I sit on the couch, my cock straining against my shorts still, but I 
hid it somewhat as I sat down, not knowing how she would really react. 

She stands up, puts her clothes back on, and thanks me for the massage. 
Lori says she is going over to her friend's house and she will see me 
later. As she leaves, I sit on the couch for a few minutes, as there is no 
way I can walk home with my raging hard-on that she has left me with. As 
Lori walks by me, her eyes drift down towards my crotch, but she doesn't 
say anything about it. That was the end of that.....well, for that day 
anyway. 

 
My Friend's Sister Ch. 02
by LOVESTOSHOWANDWATCH ©

So, I sat there in my friend's house by myself. His parents both worked 
nights, so I knew I didn't have to rush out of there. I heard the door 
shut, and I knew that Lori had left. I decided to get a drink and hope 
that my damn hard-on would go away so I could walk home. As the fridge 
opens, I notice a picture of Lori on the fridge in her cheerleader outfit. 
It is a few years old, but damn if she doesn't look good in her short red 
skirt, and tank top that was tight enough to show her nice chest, yet not 
so tight as to be obscene. I looked at that for a few minutes, and then 
realized that this would not help my hard-on go away. 

Fuck it, I think to myself, and I went up the stairs. I made my way into 
Lori's room. Her room was a typical girl's room, pink and stuffed animals 
and the whole nine yards. I went to her dresser, and opened the top 
drawer, her underwear drawer. I was definitely not disappointed, as Lori 
had quite a display of knickers. There were thongs, bikini briefs, cheekies 
which she wore under her cheerleader skirt, and some women's boxers.

Fingering my way through the drawer, I look at pink knickers, white cotton 
knickers, and black thongs, I pull out a pair of bright yellow bikini 
briefs, and bring them to my face to give a small sniff. There is a slight 
hint of Lori's perfume from the dresser, and immediately my cock grows 
about another inch. (It had shrunk a bit when walking upstairs) My cock is 
now sticking out of my shorts again, so I sit down on Lori's bed. I lie 
back and rest my head on her pillow, taking in the scent of Lori. I look 
up at the ceiling, imagine Lori lying in bed. I try to think about her all 
alone at night, lying in bed in her knickers and tank top. I imagine it's a 
hot night and she has no blanket on. Her legs are rubbing the mattress, 
trying to find a cool spot, but eventually the constant motion of her legs 
together arouses her. 

I reach down and pull down my shorts, my cock immediately flings straight 
up, enjoying the freedom to be completely hard. I close my eyes, and take 
my hand and wrap Lori's knickers around my cock. My hand begins to go up 
and down my shaft, her soft knickers feeling amazing on my dick. My 
thoughts go to Lori, about how I wish she was standing next to the bed, 
watching me. I imagine how great it would be for Lori to watch me pleasure 
myself while looking at her, admiring her body. Lori's long tan legs go 
through my mind, how great it felt to have my hands all over them. I think 
to myself how great it would taste if I could run my tongue all over her 
legs.

The more I think about Lori, the faster my hand moves up and down my cock. 
Soon, my hips begin to go up and down, as if I am fucking Lori in these 
knickers. I picture Lori, can almost see her on top of me. She brings her 
hands behind her head while she is riding me, allowing me a perfect view 
of her breasts bouncing up and down in rhythm with her pussy. My mind 
wanders further allowing me to see Lori lean back and grasp my legs as her 
whole body trembles with an orgasm. She shudders, and I can feel my cock 
being squeezed tightly by her pussy. The sweet juices from Lori's pussy 
now cover my cock and some of my stomach. A minute later, I let out a gasp 
as I cum all over the yellow knickers, almost 8 squirts of cum! I slowly 
keep on jerking my cock, lubing it up with my cum and Lori's knickers, as 
my cock begins to jerk a little bit, finishing off my orgasm. I lay there 
for a few minutes, with my eyes still shut, relaxing in the after glow of 
some great masturbation, when all of a sudden, I hear a giggle! I open my 
eyes, and there is Lori, apparently she forgot her purse, and helped 
herself to quite a show. As I lie there in her bed, trying unsuccessfully 
to find words to explain this scene, Lori just laughs again...

Until next time... 
