Mary Ellen Goes on Vacation  Ch 1

by " JimBob

Mary Ellen and her family are going to visit the resort they stayed at last summer.  Mary Ellen has a realistic dream about last summer's activities.  Enjoy!  bg, bgg, incest,  fond, oral, int, cons



"Are we there yet?"  A bored voice rose from the back seat.

Mary Ellen's dad's shoulders hunched, and his hands gripped the steering wheel tighter at the sound of his daughter asking her same dammed question again.  His wife looked back over her shoulder at their eight year old daughter sprawled out on the back seat, an open comic book draped over and hiding her face.  "Why don't you get out an activity book if you are bored, Dear?"

"UGH!  Those activity books bore me the most!"  Mary Ellen blew out a big huff of breath and the comic book fell to the floor.  "I'm going to take a nap.  Wake me up when we get there."

"If only..."  Daddy muttered.

"I heard that!"  Mary Ellen said from under the comic book she had retrieved and replaced over her face.  
Actuallu she had no intention of napping.  She was going to relive in her mind the most important, (to her,) moments of last years vacation, as she had done so many times this past year.  She shifted to get more comfortable and let her mind return to last summer's vacation...

The first time her dad pulled into the resort, the family was impressed by the beautiful lake, and the cozy cabins along the shore.  The cabins were clean and comfortable, and there was a boat furnished with each one.  Mary Ellen had never been in a small boat before, and had never swam in a lake.  She soon learned how to do both.  Bob, the ten year old son of the resort owner, took little Mary Ellen under his wing, taught her how to row, took her fishing, taught her how to swim, and to her mother's delight, took the little girl off her hands, so she had a delightful, sex filled vacation with her husband, a second honeymoon, so to speak.

Bob taught Mary Ellen a few other new things too.  It was the second day that he told her about his secret spot in the woods, and asked her if she wanted to join a secret club.  Of course little Mary Ellen, flattered by all the attention from the bigger, older boy was eager to do whatever Bob suggested.  Bob's secret spot was on top of a big hill about a quarter of a mile back in the woods.  There was a big clump of smaller fir trees surrounding a couple of bigger fir trees, actually seedlings of the bigger trees.  Bob led Mary Ellen to the entrance to a tunnel cut through the thick branches of the smaller trees into a snall, secret clearing under the cover of the spreading branches of the bigger trees.  Here he swore Mary Ellen to secrecy "forever," about this place and what ever was done inside.  Mary Ellen solemly crossed her heart and promised to never show or tell her parents about this place and anything that happened inside.

When they were both inside the secret place, Bob started to take off his shirt and pants.  He told Mary Ellen that no one could wear clothes inside the secret place, but since she was a girl, she could leave her shoes and socks on.  Bob himself did not wear shoes or underwear in the summer time, as Mary Ellen soon could see for herself.  Once again peer pressure won out over parental warmings, and Mary Ellen began to shed her clothes.  She hesitated when she was down to her panties, but Bob reminded her of the rules, and then he helped her take the panties off.  This was so sexy that Bob decided to make the rule that he pull off the girl's panties from then on.

Bob regarded the innocent little girl in fromt of him with knowing eyes.  He had been introduced to sex play by an older sister and later by his sister and her friend.  His sister had been content to allow Bob to look, to toudh, and had taught him to satisfy her by licking and sucking on her barely haired pussy.  The sister had been seduced by an older girl and had been satisfied in this way by her.  The friend had stayed overnight with Bob's sister and that girl had induced him to suck and lick both girl's clitoris while the three were engaged in sex play.  The two girls reaction to this clitoral action had convinced Bob that he should concentrate his licking and sucking on this tender piece of flesh.  Young Bob became adept at bringing his sister and her friend to a shuddering climax in less than a minute of cunnilingus.  And more concentrated and frantic climaxes could be brought on by holding the girl's hips and continuing to suck that organ while the girl convulsed through her first orgasm while first, trying to push his head away, then pulling it in to her as the second, more violent orgasm hit her.  Bob became an expert cunt lapper at a very tender age.  He learned nothing ablut fucking from the older girls.

Bob was pleased with his progress with Mary Ellen.  His first attempt at luring a little tourist girl had not ended at all as he had planned.  The girl was only six, but she was city wise in the ways of boys and girls.  When he tried to swear her to secrecy, she eyed him warily and refused to promice anything.  When he tried his undressing ploy, she refused and went home, never to enter into any close contact play with him again.  So he was taking it slowly and carefully with Mary Ellen.  He suggested that they be mommy and daddy to a large doll he had filched from his sister's room and hidden in his lair.  Mary Ellen willingly agreed to the game.  When he told her it was bedtime, she willingly put their "child" down and joined him on the scrap of blanket that was their bed.  
Bob would have been content to just snuggle close with the girl, while he fondled her clit to loosen her up for some sucking, but Mary Ellen insisted he crawl between her spread out legs and attempt to match and rub their genitalia together.  It seems that while Bob knew that mommies and daddies slept together, his knowledge stopped there.  Little Mary Ellen had been doing some snooping and listening at her parents partially open bedroom door and had a much more rounded education of what went on in parential beds.  

"You got to put it in my hole."  Mary Ellen told him firmly.

"What hole?"  Bob hadn't seen any hole down there, only a little slit.

Mary Ellen sat up so she could see her pussy, and spread the outer lips with both hands.  Sure enough, there was a hole inside there.  There was also the  wrinkled piece of skin up at the top that Mary Ellen rubbed with a thumb.  It was the same kind of a bump his sister had and she liked it rubbed and sucked on, so Bob reached out and rubbed Mary Ellen's bump.  Mary Ellen jumped, then she laid back with her legs wide spread.  "Yes!  Do that!  It tickles good!"  Bob knew that, but he was intriegued by the hole that neither his sister nor her friend had mentioned.  He figured that if it felt so good to just rub those parts together, rubbing his part _inside_ her part should really feel good.  After all, all his licking his sister made _her_ feel good, but it did nothing for his little dick.

Bob was already between Mary Ellen"s spread out legs, so he held himself up wirh his arms on the ground on either side of her shoulders, while his stiff little rod probed her dry little slit for an opening.  When he found one, Mary Ellem grunted in pain, and rolled enough to dislodge him and cause him to slide off to one side.  A couple more blind stabs at her dry little hole also went astray when she flinched in pain
Bob decided it had to be guided.  Holding his upper body up slightly on one arm, he held his stiff little rod in one hand and attempted to guide it in.  Once again, Mary Ellen flinched in pain and the attempt went awry.  "It hurts!"  Mary Ellen hissed.  "Its too dry!  Make it slippery."

Bob knew how to do that.  He had attempted to fuck holes in various inaminate objects and had found that a little dab of saliva had helped smooth things out.  So he rared back up on his knees between her legs, and spit out a generous gob of saliva on to his fingers and rubbed it on to his stiff little member.  "There!"  He said.

Mary Ellen was about to open her mouth to protest his sticking his spittle covered dick into her, but then she thought about what came out of there or very close to there,  and kept quiet.  Besides, his slick little pecker went right into her little hole that had been stretched by her fingers and various parts of toys and doll's arms and legs she had stuck up there, trying to get the same good feeling Bob's hard little rod was giving her now.  "Wow!"  She saud.

"Yeah!"  Bob said.  "I wonder why my sis and her friend never showed me this stuff."  Just then Bob got part of his answer.  In his enthusiastic humping, like most boys and some men, he got the feeling that his cock was much longer than it actually was.  His out stroke went way too far out, and his in stroke missed the hole 
by enough to send his pecker sliding off to one side of Mary Ellen"s pussy lip.  With an exasperated gasp, Mary Ellen quickly slid both of her hands down between their bodies to clasp the hard little shaft and guide it into the waiting hole once again.  Then she clasped his butt cheeks firmly in those same two hands to try to control the pace and length of his strokes.  Some things girls just knew better about controlling than boys did.

 
With things more or less under control, Bob and Mary Ellen  went to work to have themselves a nice little fuck.  As Bob;s slick little penis slid rapidly through Mary Ellen's soft little sheath, she began to provide a little lubricant so that member and sheath did not dry up again.  Bob's fast action caused his little bump of his pubic bone to batter smoothly but firmly against Mary Ellen's stiff little clit, giving her many, many  more than welcome little  delightful squeezes that caused her much joy.  "Oh! Oh! Oh Bob!"  She cried out with every delightful pang.  "Are we fucking?  Oh! Oh!"  She cried out every time the rim of Bob's hard cock head rubbed over her "G" spot that she hadn't ever known she had.  It felt wonderful to Bob too.  He vowed to himself that he was only going to eat pussy to get things started from now on.  He raised himself up so he could look down between their bare little chests, and he could see his glistening shaft sliding in and out of that bare little mound  and this lead him into increasing his strokes until his little butt became a blur of motion.  Mary Ellen had already had several small orgasms, but now Bob's rapid fucking into her hot little pussy brought Mary Ellen right up to, and over the big one.  "OOOH Bob!" she half screamed as Bob reached his peak too, and though there was no semen to shoot out as yet, the feeling was there and Bob made several deep straining thrusts into her pussy, pressing her clit to aid in the orgasmic struggle they were both enduring.  "Ooooh Bob" she cried out.....

"Mary Ellen?  MARY ELLEN!"  It was her Mom's voice.
   
Mary Ellen came to her senses with a start that caused the comic book to fly off her face and onto the floor again.  Far a long moment, Mary Ellen didn't know where she was.  Her eyes opened to see her mother almost completely turned in her seat, gazing at her with a worried look.
"Are you all right?"  her Mom asked.  "You were yelling Bob's name and twisting all over the seat." 

Mary Ellen got her rattled senses under control, and sat up in the back seat.  "I guess I was asleep and dreaming I was having a water fight with Bob," she lied.  'Did I really holler his name out loud?' she wondered.  She met her dad's gaze in the rear view mirror.  From his expression, she knew he hadn't been fooled by her lie.  'Well, that's my story and I'm sticking to it.'  She decided.  "Are we there yet?"  She asked, meeting her dad's eyes in the mirror again and giving him a wicked little grin.  Her mom had turned back around in her seat. Mary Ellen cautiously stuck a finger up one leg hole of her shorts along side her inner thigh and felt the crotch of her pamties.  Sure enough, they were very damp.  She sniffed that finger and it smelled of her sex.  She rolled her window down a couple of inches.  "Whew!  I'm getting hot."  She said to cover for getting the ventilation going.
Dad didn't say anything, but she thought she saw him sniff the air a couple of times.

Thankfully, just then they were passing a large dairy farm, and the scent of many cows poop wiped out all other odors.  Mary Ellen breathed out a huge sigh of relief and rolled her window back up.   "I'm hungry!|"  She exclaimed.  "Can we stop and get something to eat?"  With some satisfaction, she saw her dad's shoulders hunch up again.  

Mom turned in her seat again.  "We are miles from any towns and resteraunts.  And you had lunch only an hour ago."

"Never mind." Mary Ellen said.  She saw her father stiffen up a little in his seat and drive with eyes fixed straight ahead.  She scanned the right side of the road and saw the familar sign ahead:  Rest Area  2 Miles.  "But I DO have to go to the bathroom!"  She exclaimed. 

Her dad muttered something unintelligible.

"I heard that!"  Mary Ellen said.

"So did i."  Mom said, "and I have to go too." 

With a big grin for Dad, Mary Ellen bent over to retrieve her sneakers and put them on,  They would stop.  The Boss had spoken.


    End of Mary Ellen.

 An index of all of my stories can be found here:              http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/JimBob/     

 

   

 
 
