Aspen's Story: The Little Sapling, Part 2 by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mg9, MMMMg, oral, first, anal, grooming, DP

Summary: Aspen, a nine year old little sapling of a girl, learns all about sex from her neighbor and his friends.
This is chapters two, three and four of a multi-chapter saga. The story codes listed above apply to all the chapters, not specifically to the ones contained in this post.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Chapter Two
Aspen: Little Cherry Girl


Aspen felt very special, when John opened the door the next time that she went over to his house to swim.

"Aspen!" he said, eyes twinkling. "You look beautiful today!"

The little girl felt her face blush. She did remember to wear his favorite pink bikini again, so that's probably why he said she looked beautiful. Then she remembered to be polite, and she said, "Thank you."

"Come inside!" he said, opening the door wide and sweeping his arm dramatically to welcome her in. Once that she was inside, he closed the door, then wrapped his arms around her little body and gave her a big hug. Aspen was surprised. He'd never hugged her like this before. She felt even more special now!

"Just give me a second," he said, "I'll just run upstairs and change, and we can hit the pool!"

He ran up the stairs, and Aspen immediately started following him. But then she hesitated. She remembered how she'd followed him the first time, and it made her feel embarrassed, like a little kid who didn't understand what was going on. So this time, she paused and watched him as he got to the top of the stairs and turned the corner to his bedroom.

Then she tiptoed, really quietly, up the stairs after him. She might have felt embarrassed about the first time, but she also remembered how much she liked seeing him naked, and she wanted to see him like that again! She was curious about all his strange and interesting parts; she knew that he always seemed to have an erection underneath his swimming suit, and she couldn't help wondering if he had one now, too. So she sneaked up the stairs to see if she could get a peek at him while he changed.

When Aspen got to the top of the stairs, she saw that John had left his bedroom door open, and he was taking off his clothes. She stood very quietly and watched. It didn't seem to the little girl like he had an erection. His penis was big and thick and long, and she really liked looking at it, but it wasn't standing straight out like it seemed to always do in his swimming trunks. That made her feel a little disappointed. Maybe she doesn't really turn him on? She felt like a kid again, who doesn't understand how men's parts work and was silly enough to think that a man like John would be turned on by a little girl like her.

Even though she was disappointed and feeling a little silly, she was still glad that she got to see his cock again. She liked looking at him when he was naked. Maybe she doesn't turn him on, but she sure liked looking at him.

When he turned around to get his swimsuit out of the drawer, Aspen sneaked back downstairs so that he wouldn't know that she had secretly peeked at him when he was undressing.

A few minutes later, she was lying on her stomach in her towel, and John was rubbing lotion on her feet and legs. When he got to her butt, she knew he was going to slip his hands underneath her bikini, and it made her excited to think about. She wasn't even nervous at all about it now! She might just be a little kid to John, but he liked to touch her butt, that's for sure. And she liked it, too.

When he had his hands up under her suit and on her bottom, this time he ran a slippery finger down her butt crack. That made Aspen giggle, because she knew there was no way she could get a sunburn in her crack! He ran the finger all the way down and even rubbed a little lotion on her butthole. Her face got really flush when he did that, and she giggled even more.

"That tickles!" she said, and John pulled his hands out of her bottoms and started rubbing lotion on her back. She kind of wished he hadn't stopped so quick. She wished she hadn't told him that it tickled.

When he started rubbing lotion on her back, he untied the ties of her bikini top. "So I can get the lotion on you easier," he said. That made sense to Aspen. He squirted lotion on her back and rubbed it all over, and when he was done, he tied her top back on, but Aspen could tell that he tied it a lot looser that it had been before.

When the little nine year old turned over, so that John could put the sunblock on her front, he hardly spent any time rubbing lotion on her cheeks and her nose. He obviously just wanted to get his hands up under her top, and that's exactly what he did. It felt so nice to have him rubbing the cool lotion on her nipples. Aspen realized that she wanted John to rub lotion on her nipples as much as he wanted.

Then her neighbor took one hand out from her top and slid it down her belly and under her bikini bottoms, and his hand was on her pussy again.

Aspen's heart was beating so hard when John started sliding his slippery fingers over her pussy. She felt so warm! She felt her face get hot and she was breathing really fast, and without even thinking about it, she spread her legs open so that he had lots of room to work his magic fingers. She even let out a little moan, "Oooh..." and John smiled at her. And then, he pushed a finger into her pussy slit.

It actually made her gasp, when he did that!

John smiled down at her when she gasped, and he said, "Are you okay, Aspen?" Even as he asked her that, he started sliding his finger up inside her slit, up to her little clitty.

Aspen squirmed when he started rubbing her there, slipping his finger up over her clitty, then back down, her tiny button getting so stiff and excited! She squirmed and squirmed as he rubbed up and down her clit.

Aspen knew it was okay for him to touch her button like this. They were friends! None of the boys that she played games with ever did this, but they didn't know what they were doing. John definitely knew what he was doing, and Aspen loved it. Her heart was racing, and she was really excited, and she loved it!

She felt very close to John right then. Maybe she was too little to turn him on all that much, but he still wanted to make her feel good. That thought made her happy.

After he'd played with her clitty a bit, he slid his finger back down her slit and pushed it into her little hole. Now Aspen let out a moan, because it hurt when he tried to push his finger in. Sometimes she pushed her finger in there, when she was playing with herself, but the hole was too small even for her finger, and John's was way bigger than hers. He seemed to realize that it was hurting her, and he pulled his finger back a little and just circled the tip around the hole, smiling at her.

"You still have your cherry," he said.

All Aspen could do was bite her lip and nod. She felt silly and young, now that John knew she still had her cherry. She wished that she'd had sex with one of the boys that she played games with, or something. But John was really nice about it. It almost seemed like he wasn't even disappointed.

"That's so sweet!" he said, smiling nice. Then he leaned down and kissed her, right on the lips.

"My little cherry girl!" he said.

Now Aspen's heart really leapt in her throat, when he kissed her. Now she was totally flustered again, and got even more flustered when he pushed his finger back into the hole. This time he didn't stop when she winced in pain, and the tip of his finger was inside her. Just the tip, just barely, but it was inside.

Then the little nine year old lay there on her towel, blushing and feeling flustered and excited, while her neighbor rubbed her nipples with one hand and fingered her pussy with the other.

He didn't push in any further, which was good because it hurt enough already, and after he had the tip of his finger inside her for a little while, he pulled it out, and pulled his hand out of her bottoms.

"Let's go swimming now!" he grinned, and jumped to his feet. He offered Aspen a hand to help her stand up, and she saw that he had a big erection inside his trunks, and that made her happy.

When John tossed Aspen into the air the first time that day, she felt her bikini top come untied. He must have done a really bad job of tying it on after he'd put the lotion on her back! When she splashed back into the water and stood up onto her feet, she grabbed the untied straps that hung down at her sides and reached them back around to tie them again.

But John said, "No."

Aspen looked up at him, a bit confused, and he took a couple of steps so that he was right in front of her, and he said,

"Just let it come off."

And he reached out and took hold of her bikini top, right between the cups, and pulled it away from her. She felt the straps slip from her fingers, and she felt the knot that held it around her neck come undone, too. He must not have tied that knot very well, either! And then her top was in his hand, and he was throwing it to the side of the pool, and she didn't have anything on at all above her waist.

"It's a good thing that we put lotion on underneath it!" he said with a cheerful smile.

Aspen giggled. She was nervous, being completely topless with him, and that's probably partly why she giggled, but he was right, it was a good thing that he spent so much time putting lotion on her nipples. Her mom would be really mad if she got sunburned on her nipples!

Aspen stood in front of her neighbor, and he stared at her naked nipples. She liked the way he was looking at her. It made her flustered and excited and reminded her of how the men at the mall look at her. It also made her proud that he liked to look at her so much. It made her feel sexy.

So Aspen was topless the rest of the time that they played in the pool, and when they were done and climbed out and lay on their towels in the sun, John spent a lot of time rubbing more lotion on her nipples. Maybe he was just worried that her nipples would get sunburned, but Aspen was pretty sure that wasn't the only reason he spent so much time rubbing her nipples. John really liked touching her. And Aspen really liked it, too.


Chapter Three
Skinny-dipping with Her Neighbor


The next time Aspen went over to John's house to play in his pool, she wore the little pink bikini again (of course she did!) and he touched her all over when he put the lotion on her. Aspen didn't mind at all, she was completely used to him touching her now. It was just what they did together; she wanted to play in his pool, and he wanted to touch her. And Aspen was okay with that.

He ran his finger down her butt crack when he had his hands inside her bikini bottoms, just like he did before, and it made her giggle again. But this time, when his finger got to her butthole, he held onto a cheek, gripping it with his fingers, and pulled it to the side. This gave him better access to her butthole, and he rubbed lotion all over it.

It felt really nice to have him rubbing lotion there. Sometimes, when Aspen was touching herself, she played with her hole a bit, and she liked the way it felt when she did that. But this was even better! Way better!

Then, after he'd rubbed her there for a little while, he pushed the finger in. Aspen gasped! She couldn't believe that her neighbor was pushing his finger into her butt! And she couldn't believe how excited it made her feel, to have him doing this to her. He moved his finger around inside her for a little while, and it felt wonderful. Amazing! She was so flustered now that let out a little moan, and she knew John was smiling, even though she couldn't see him.

Then he pulled his finger out of her hole, and his hands out of her bikini bottoms, and he untied her top again to put lotion on her back. This time, when he finished with the lotion and tied her top back on, Aspen could tell that he didn't even tie it into knots. He just wrapped the straps around each other one time, and she knew that when they played "toss" in the pool it would fall off again, just like it did the last time. She was okay with that, too. It was fun to be topless in his pool!

As soon as they got in the pool, he tossed her into the air and her top fell off, just like she knew it would. He didn't even need to pull it the rest of the way off this time; it fell off completely and was just floating in the pool. He scooped it out of the water and threw it to the side. But then he took a couple steps towards her and Aspen's heart leapt when he reached down and untied the knots that held her bikini bottoms on. He pulled those off, and little nine year old Aspen was naked. She was completely naked, right in front of her neighbor.

It was funny to play play "toss" with him after that, because now when he went underwater to grab her and toss her, his hands were on her bare butt, and he rubbed and squeezed it before he tossed her. It made her feel really flustered, but it was okay. John liked to get her naked, and touch her, but they were friends, so it was okay!

So this was how her neighbor, John, got Aspen naked for the first time. She didn't know then, but she probably could have guessed, that she would be naked for him many, many times after that.



When they swam together again a few days later, her top fell off again while they played "toss." It made her giggle! He always tied it so loose when he rubbed the lotion on her back! She didn't even wait this time for him to throw it to the side of the pool. She just threw it to the side herself. And then he walked over to her and untied her bottoms and tossed them aside, and she was naked again.

Aspen wasn't quite as nervous about being naked in front of him this time. She was a little more used to it now, and besides, she'd had a lot of fun before in his pool when she was naked. Skinny-dipping, the little girl realized, was a lot of fun!

But then she got really flustered. Really, really flustered. Because this time, once Ashley was naked, John untied his swimming trunks, and he pulled them down, and now both of them were naked.

The last time Aspen had seen his cock, she was disappointed because he didn't have an erection. Not this time! This time, it was huge! He had a really big erection and it stuck out and was really thick and red, and Aspen couldn't help but stare at it.

John just stood there, smiling, letting the little girl stare. And he stared back, too. Aspen could feel his eyes, even though she couldn't see them because her eyes were right on his cock, but she could feel his eyes, looking at her, darting from her nipples to her pussy and back again. While she stared, and he stared, he reached down and lifted his cock, and Aspen could tell that he was showing his balls to her. They looked funny, hanging down below his cock in a wrinkly red sack. She saw them starting to bounce a little, and it took a couple seconds for her to realize why. John wasn't just holding his cock up to show her his balls. He had his hand wrapped around his cock, and he was sliding his hand up and down.

Aspen knew that boys masturbate of course, but she'd never seen anyone doing it before, which was why it took her a while to realize what was happening. But now she understood. John was standing in front of her and masturbating! His eyes were all over her while he did it, staring at little pink nipples, then down to her bare little nine year old pussy, and back up to her nipples again. And Aspen just stood and stared, fascinated, watching her neighbor masturbate.

After a little while, John made a funny grunting sound and Aspen saw stuff start squinting out of his cock. After he squirted a couple of times, she realized what was happening. She remembered her mom telling her about how guys cum, and she was a bit confused by what her mom was telling her then. But she understood a little better now, because she realized that she was watching John cum. Right in front of her!

After he finished squirting his stuff, he smiled at her, and she smiled back, but she was a little freaked out by what just happened. Was it really okay, what John had just done? Was it okay for a grown man like him to masturbate right in front of a nine year old girl? She knew they were friends, and they had shared lots of stuff, but this seemed bigger. Scarier.

But his smile was sweet, and then he just dove into the water and swam behind her to toss her in the air, just like nothing had happened. Like it was no big deal, what he'd just done. That made Aspen feel confused. Maybe it really wasn't a big deal? Maybe it was just normal? She really didn't know. She really didn't have any idea what normal was. But she trusted John, she liked him a lot and they were good friends by now, so if he didn't think it was a big deal to masturbate in front of her, then maybe it wasn't? And she didn't want him to think that she was just a silly little girl who didn't understand these things, so she acted like it was no big deal, too, and just squatted down to let him put his hands on her butt and toss her in the air.

They played in the pool together, both of them naked, until they finally climbed out and Aspen lay down on her towel. She was feeling flustered again, because she could see that John had a really big erection again. Then he squirted some suntan lotion onto her belly.

"Do you think it's okay," she asked him while he rubbed in the lotion.

"Hmm?" he said, like he didn't know what she meant.

"Like," she said, "us..." Her voice was cracking because he was pinching and tickling her nipples with his slippery fingers. "...no clothes?" she managed to sort of finish her question.

"Of course," John said. He slid a hand down to her pussy. "It's fine. It's good to be naked. It's fun."

"But..." she hesitated, her words catching in her mouth as his finger slid in her slit, "What if someone sees us?"

"No one can see anything," he answered, twirling his finger over her clitty. "The fence is high enough that no one can see over it. I had them build it that way, so that we can skinny-dip in the pool if we want."

Aspen nodded. It was true, the fence was really high. But then, even as she started squirming while he played with her little button, she asked, "What about my mom? What if she comes over and sees us?"

"I'm not sure your mom would really care," he said. Aspen kind of agreed with him. Her mom probably wouldn't care. "But the fence is locked from the inside, right? That's why we have to go through my house to get here. So she won't be able to see anything if she comes over, until we let her in."

"Oh," Aspen said. "Okay."

"Now," her neighbor said, "you just be quiet, okay?" He was pushing his finger into the little hole in her cherry. "There's nothing wrong with what we're doing and nobody's going to see us and your mom isn't ever going to find out."

"Okay," Aspen said, and she was quiet after that, just like he told her to be, while he pinched her nipples and went back to rubbing her clitty, and that made Aspen feel really good and she was happy that they were naked together now. She was happy that he was her friend.

And she was still quiet, when he was done rubbing in the lotion and touching all her parts, and he sat back on his knees and wrapped his hands around his cock again and started rubbing it. He stared at her. He stared at naked little nine year old Aspen the whole time that he masturbated, and she stared at his cock, too, and watched his balls bouncing, until he squirted his stuff again. This time, he squirted it onto her. It spurted out from him and onto her chest and her belly. It felt warm when it landed on her. She was really flustered at first to have him masturbating in front of her like this, but it wasn't so scary this time. She didn't really feel scared at all, and she liked the way it felt when he squirted it on her.

When he was done cumming, he told her to rub it in, just like it was suntan lotion.

"It's good for you," he said. "It makes your skin soft."

Aspen liked having soft skin, so she started rubbing it in. It felt sticky on her fingers, and kind of slimy. She lifted her hand up to get a better look at it, sticky and gooey on her fingers.

"Is this your sperm?" she asked him.

"Yes," he answered. "Sort of. It's my cum. It has sperm in it."

She put her hand back down on her belly and went back to rubbing it in some more.

"Rub it on your nipples, too," he said.

"Will it make my nipples soft?" she asked.

"Huh?" he said as he watched her move her semen-covered hands up to her chest.

"You said it would make my skin soft," she reminded him.

"Oh, right," he said. "Sure."

"Do you want my nipples to be soft?" she asked, even as she started rubbing them.

John didn't answer. He was just staring, watching her intently as she rubbed his cum on her nipples.

Aspen smiled, because it was obvious that he wasn't paying any attention at all to what she was saying. That's when she figured out that his cum probably wouldn't really make her skin and her nipples soft. Or, maybe it would, but that's not why he wanted her to rub it in. He wanted her to rub it in because he wanted to watch her while she did it.

But she was okay with that. If John liked to watch her rub his cum onto her nipples, she would do that for him, because she liked him so much.


Chapter Four
Aspen the Little Suckling


John started at Aspen's toes, then her ankles, then her calves, then her thighs. The lotion felt cool in the bright hot sun, and Aspen liked how his fingers were so strong and steady, and she liked how he paid so much attention to her skin. He touched every inch of her skin.

When his fingers got to her bikini bottoms, he slid them along her hips, to the knots that tied the swimming suit together. In a second, he'd pulled both knots loose. Then his fingers lifted the back of her bottoms and pulled them down, so that her butt was completely bare.

And then his magic fingers went to work, squirting some lotion on her pale ass cheeks, rubbing, squeezing, massaging, a slippery finger running down her crack. Aspen's heart was pounding and her breath was quick when the finger got to her butthole. She spread her legs, so that he would know that she wanted him to play with her there. John pulled a cheek aside and he rubbed the lotion all around her little hole.

Aspen was hoping that John would put his finger in. She'd been doing it to herself now, almost every day, since the first time he'd pushed his finger in. Now, when she masturbated in bed at night before she went to sleep, she would push her finger in her butt and pretend that it was John's. So she was hoping that he would push his finger into her.

And he did! After he rubbed her hole for a little while, he pushed in, and Aspen gasped and squirmed, it felt so good.

Once he had his finger in a little way, he reached up with his other hand and untied the knots of her bikini top. With his finger still in her butt, he squirted lotion on her back. His finger was sliding now, in and out of her butthole, and Aspen was making little gasping sounds while he rubbed the lotion on her bare back with his other hand.

When he finished rubbing lotion on her back and pulled his finger out of her ass, Aspen rolled over on the towel, so that he could cover her front with lotion, but she realized that he hadn't tied her swimming suit back on. She hadn't given him time to tie it before she rolled over! And now, the bikini was all askew. She reached up and pulled the top off, and tossed it to the side. She felt very brave, doing that, taking her top off right in front of him. And then, feeling even braver, she reached down and did the same thing to the bottoms.

She knew John liked it best when she was naked, so she wanted to be naked for him.

Then, looking up at John with a serious, red-faced expression, Aspen spread her legs. She didn't really know why she did it, but there she was, lying on the towel, completely naked, with her legs spread so that her neighbor could touch her pussy all he wanted.

John immediately had a hand down between her legs and he started petting her pussy. He didn't neglect his other duties; with his free hand he squirted lotion on her belly and her chest and rubbed it in, and ran his hand up her neck and on her forehead and cheeks and nose, but the whole time, he had a finger in her pussy slit, pinching and pulling her clitty and poking into the hole in her cherry.

Then he stood up, a big erection inside his swimming trunks, and helped her to her feet. As they walked together to the pool, he untied his trunks and pulled them off, and they were both naked again.

When they got into the water, he reached out and grabbed Aspen by a wrist and pulled her to him. He directed her hand down to his cock.

"You know what to do," he said.

Aspen did know what to do. She knew exactly what John wanted her to do. She wrapped her hand around his cock and started rubbing it, just like she'd seen him do.

"That feels good, Aspen," he said in a breathy moan. Aspen was happy that she was making him feel good, so she smiled up at him, and then he leaned down and kissed her. Right on the lips! They kissed for a really long time, and the whole time they kissed, she rubbed his cock. John pushed his tongue into her mouth while they kissed, just like she'd heard that guys do to their girlfriends.

This was the first time that Aspen thought that maybe she was his girlfriend. She knew they were friends; maybe friends touch each other sometimes, like the boys at school touch the girls sometimes. But friends don't put their tongues in each other's mouths, right? Only boyfriends and girlfriends do that!

Aspen put her other hand on his cock and started rubbing it with both hands, because she was so excited by the thought that maybe she was his girlfriend, and he was her boyfriend, and she wanted to make her boyfriend feel good.

John pulled his tongue out of her mouth and moaned, then reached a hand down himself and wrapped it over her hands, helping her rub him.

"It feels so good, Aspen," he said. "You like making me feel good, don't you?"

She looked up at him and nodded.

"You're a very sweet girl, Aspen," he said.*

She smiled up at him, happy that he thought she was sweet, and happy that she was making him feel good.

The two of them rubbed his cock together until he squirted cum onto her belly. When he was done, she smiled up at him and she rubbed his cum over her belly and her nipples.

Then they played in the pool and he tossed her a lot and Aspen had so much fun! She always had lots of fun with John when they played in his pool, and it was even more fun now that they were naked when they played, and now that she realized that she was his girlfriend and he was her boyfriend. Now it was really extra special for Aspen to play with John!

After they got out of the water, he rubbed more lotion all over her, and he slid his hand on her pussy and slipped a finger inside her slit and played with her clitty for a really, really long time, and it just felt so good for little Aspen, her face was all red and she was breathing really hard and her legs were shaking while he tickled and rubbed and pinched her clit.

"Does this feel good, Aspen?" John asked, smiling down at her.

Her face was red and shaking when she looked up at him. She couldn't talk right then, so she just nodded.

"I like making you feel good!" he said. "And you like making me feel good, too, right?"

She nodded again. She really wanted to rub his cock again. She really liked making him feel good.

"Do you want to make me feel really good this time?"

She looked up at him with big wide eyes. She wasn't really sure what he meant. Something that he would like even better than having her rub him? She knew enough about sex that she had a vague idea of what he might mean. She wasn't sure if she wanted to do that. She wasn't sure she wanted to have sex with him.

But John didn't wait for her to answer. He reached down and put his hands under her arms and lifted her up, so that the little girl was on her knees, and he stood up, in front of her.

"Open your mouth," he said.

Aspen didn't know what he was going to do, but she did what he said. She knew she was supposed to do what she was told, and even if she wasn't always good about obeying, she did try to be good. And she wanted to be good for John, so she opened her mouth, just like he told her to.

John took a step toward her, and grabbed his cock, and all the sudden he was trying to push his cock into her mouth! Aspen was surprised, even shocked. It was so unexpected! So she pulled her head away, but he reached his other hand out and put it on the back of her head and pulled her in again. He was strong, and Aspen was just a little girl, and besides, she didn't really try to resist him. She didn't mean to resist, she didn't want to resist, she was just shocked and surprised, that's all! That's the only reason she'd pulled away.

'Com'on, bitch," he said, but she had her mouth closed now and the tip of his cock pushed against her lips.

"Open your mouth!" he demanded, almost in a shout.

Aspen was confused, and a little scared. It seemed like John was mad at her. She'd never seen him mad before. Boyfriends don't get mad at their girlfriends, do they? the poor girl thought to herself. Aspen didn't want him to be mad, and she didn't know what else to do, so she just opened her mouth and let him push his cock in.

"Wider!" he said, still sounding angry. "No teeth!"

So little nine year old Aspen, scared and confused little Aspen, opened her mouth even wider, and her neighbor pushed his cock in until the whole tip of his cock was in her mouth.

"Oh, Aspen!" he moaned. "My baby!" He started rubbing his cock, with the top of it still in her mouth. "Sweetie," he kept moaning, "you're so nice to me! You're such a good girl!"

Aspen felt a little better, now that John was saying nice things to her.

"Now you use your hand," he said, "and stroke my cock!"

She lifted her hand, and he took his away, and she wrapped hers around his cock and started rubbing it. At least she knew how to do this, even if she didn't know anything about having a cock in her mouth.

"And suck!" John said, forceful but not so angry anymore. "Suck my head while you stroke my cock!"

And Aspen sucked. She sucked and stroked her neighbor's cock, just like he told her to.

He had both hands on her head now, and he was running his fingers through her hair. "Look up at me, Aspen," he said. He was all breathless now when he was talking. "You have to look up at the man when you suck his cock."

She lifted her eyes and looked up at him, and he looked down at her. "Oh my sweet little slut," he said. "My sweet little cocksucker."

Aspen liked that he called her sweet, but she knew what a slut was, and she was a bit shocked that John called her that. And she'd heard the word "cocksucker" before and never knew what it meant and it always seemed like it was an insult. Now she knew what it meant! And she knew that John didn't mean it as an insult. Or at least, she didn't think he did.

So now little Aspen decided that she liked it when he called her a little slut and a little cocksucker. She liked being his little slut and his little cocksucker!

"Oh baby," he said, breathless. "When I cum, you have to take it in your mouth, and you have to swallow it. Good girls..." he groaned, "...good girls always swallow!"

Still looking up at him, Aspen nodded. She wanted to be a good girl. She wanted to swallow, like a good girl.

Her neighbor was holding her head tight now, and he was moving his hips, so that the top of his cock--he called it the head, the head of his cock--was sliding in and out of her mouth. Aspen was still stroking and sucking while he moved it in and out.

"Oh, fuck," he said in a whispered moan, "oh, fuck, Aspen, you little slut, you're gonna make me cum! Take my cum you little whore!" He wasn't whispering any more, he was shouting now! Then he let out a loud grunt, and his legs started shaking, and then Aspen felt his cum spurt out of him and into her mouth. "Oh fuck," he groaned, and he spurted some more.

It was more than Aspen could really take, and it started leaking out of her mouth, but John didn't seem to care, he just kept spurting and spurting and spurting into her mouth. Most of it dripped down her chin and onto her chest, but she tried to take as much as should could in her mouth, and even though it was really weird, really warm and salty and gross, she swallowed it anyway, because she wanted to be a good girl.

When he was all done spurting, Aspen rubbed the cum that had dripped onto her chest all over her nipples while she smiled up at him. She knew that he thought she was a good girl, a good little slut, and that made her happy.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
