Makinjg a difference (Intro and part one)
by Jenn
Sun Mar 15, 2009 17:33
205.188.116.7

Jenn lay wide awake in her bed. It was time to get up and face her new life, but she was still in a state of shock from the evening before. She was almost 12, had been identified as "gifted" and "talented" from an early age. Her parents, proud of her accomplishments had also sought to make sure that they gave their daughter ever chance to excel in all her activities. In keeping with their own personal philosophies and beliefs that also sought to live in harmony with the world and make it a better place.

So when a research team from the local university asked to see them it came as no surprise to Jenn and her 14 y/o brother Matt. Their parents were always on the cutting edge of any new idea or concept. From their earliest childhood they were taught to expect the unexpected and go with the flow.

But, last night's changes, while effecting the whole family, were to profoundly, at least for the summer months between 7th and 8th grades change Jenn's life forever. The researchers had explained how today's youth were showing signs of underdeveloped immune systems. This shocking find was made even more disturbing in that examinations of recently discovered mummifed remains of Native Americans teens proved that the ancient immune systems were stronger than 21st century youth.

It was suggested that one possible explanation was that Native American children, up until mid teens were exposed to the elements on a daily basis and as such their immune systems developed sooner and stronger. Indeed, the off spring of many Native Americans in essence went completely naked until they entered into pairing or marriage relationships.

Jenn and Matt listened as the researchers explained they were seeking 25 households where there were two or more teens which could act as a control. One teen would spend the next three months completely naked, the other would be allowed to dress as he/she normal would. Both teens would be given through exams prior and during the test period to measure various aspects of their immune systems, and to see what changes, if any, would take place. They went on to say this could dramatically change how childhood diseases are prevented and impact the health of children for generations to come.

The thought of having a life changing impact on the world sounded awesome -- the thought of running around naked all summer to Jenn seemed unimaginable. She smiled as she listened knowing her parents would feel the same way. It is one thing to support a nude bike ride, or go skinny dipping as a family, but to live naked for months at time would just be out of the question. So it was that Jenn sat and listened in stunned silence as her parents said after looking at each other, "Matt could never handle it, but Jenn has this consciousness of what is important to the world that makes her a perfect candidate."

The rest of the evening seemed like a blur. Their were papers to be signed. Explanations on how the experiement had been cleared through the University and local authorities so the participants could go anywhere in the state naked - Jenn's closet and dresser were completely emptied -- everything that could go on her body was taken and locked away in a trunk till she was down to the shorts, t-shirt and undies she had on her body. When the researchers left a family council was held and the project was discussed. Jenn, though still in shock, realized her parents were right. This was a chance to help the world's children and she would just have to deal with the embarrassment until she got over it, or through with the experiment.

After the council the family had their evening devotional and then Matt left to shower and change into his PJ's while Jenn and her parents discussed what lay ahead. When it was her turn in the bathroom she quickly stripped off her shorts and shirt, took of her little training bra (which honestly she didn't need) and slipped out of her white cotton panties. Already barefoot she realized she wouldn't be wearing shoes or anything else for quite awhile. After her long shower she lingered in the bathroom drying her hair, her clothes were in the dirty hamper so she wrapped a towel around herself and went to her room.

Her mother was there and said, "Jenn, in the future, no towel -- naked means naked." She undid the towel and handed it to her mother. The family was open about nudity so her mother had seen her without clothes many times, but somehow at this moment Jenn felt very exposed. She kissed her Mother, said her prayers and climbed into bed...as she went to sleep, just as she did when she woke up she was keenly aware that a) she was naked; b) there was no robe at the foot of her bed, and c) her little bunny slippers that she wore in the morning were gone. She could see in the open closet that it was empty and knew that her dressers were just as bare.

As she lay there with the sounds and smells of breakfast drifting into her room she knew that it was time to get up and face her new life...she wasn't ready, but she had no choice.

(to be continued)



Zzzzz
Making a difference (Part two)
Tue Mar 17, 2009 09:26
205.188.116.7

From Jenn's Diary:

<<Dear Diary, This is so strange and yet in a weird way exciting. I was scared when I got up this morning, my family has seen me nude as we often skinny dip in our back yard and its no big deal for Matt or I to walk from our room to the bath with like nothing but a towel. But, I don't parade around the house naked or anything like that, and certainly don't go outside naked, well until today.

So I got up and reached for my slippers, I only wear them in the morning, but its like part of getting up. Put on slippers, put on my robe and go eat breakfast with the family still in my jammies. Mom is usually dressed in sweats and Daddy is dressed for the office, but as long as I can remember Matt and I always eat in our pjs and then go get dressed for school or whatever. This morning of course there were no slippers, and no robe and no jammies. It felt like I said, weird to walk into a room wherever one else was dressed. I did my normal thing of kissing Mom, Dad and sitting down to eat. Matt as usual was late. He was wearing boxers and a t-shirt which is sort of his pj's now that he's a real teen. 

When you first do something new naked I've found every sense is bigger. I felt the floor, the carpet and the tile on my bare toes - something I don't think I've ever noticed in my bunny slippers. Sitting down was different do because we have chairs with like a woven wicker bottom and you can feel them real good on a bare behind. Matt ruffled my hair like normal and said, "You OK?" I lied and said, "sure." It felt so funny because even though he has seen my breasts, OK, they are not much to see yet, he's never seen them like sitting at the kitchen table. I felt something really strange inside and realized my little nipples were like totally hard. I've heard the older girls talk about being turned on, but like being turned on because my brother is looking at me naked??? Gross.

Matt was totally cool with everything and even told me if anyone even looks at me wrong to tell him. I trust him, he has always been a big brother who takes care of me. We made it through breakfast, I helped with the dishes like I always do, but it still seems so weird. I have to go now, and I mean literally because Mom said I need to get use to being this way so I'm going to the Whole Foods Market with her. I would be lying if I didn't admit that I'm scared, really scared. Love Jenn >>


Making a difference (Part three)
Wed Mar 18, 2009 07:20
205.188.116.7

Jenn made her way back to the kitchen where her Mother was gathering up their reusable grocery bags. Then the thought hit her – they normally went to Whole Foods by bike – her Dad had rigged baskets on all their bikes so they could carry anything from groceries to recyclables…getting ready simply to go out in public completely naked was a challenge, but riding four miles on a bike in nothing but her birthday suit was sending chills up her spine!



“Mom,” she asked hesitantly, “I know, I mean, I know that I have to get over it, but I don’t even know if I can ride a bike in the nude…”



“Relax dear,” her Mother reassured her, “Dad rode his bike to work today so we can have the Prius.” Jenn breathed a sigh of relief, how ever brief she was getting a short reprieve from having to face the inevitable.



As she walked outside carrying a load of grocery bags the cool morning breeze immediately caught her attention, as did the wet grass under her bare feet. It was amazing the sensory perception she was experiencing that had always been there but she had never been aware of while clothed.



During the ten minute ride she chatted with her Mom and tried to sit real low in the seat. She cringed every time a gas guzzling Hummer or SUV pulled up beside them. The feeling was hard to explain, she had been without her clothes for only about 12 hours – breakfast had been the first real test, well after getting up out of bed at least – she was becoming reconciled to her family seeing her naked, but the rest of the world was still a big scary unknown.



Aside from the environmental concerns she was also grateful they had gotten the most base Prius with fabric seats – as she shifted her bare bottom around trying to get lower the thought of what leather or vinyl seats would feel like was not a pleasant thought. Her Mother broke the silence by asking, “Jenn, you know what you and the other kids are doing this summer is a real good thing?”



“I guess.”



“Well honey, for millennia all mankind wore little clothing and it hasn’t been that long ago that young children were often naked most of the time. In fact out on some of the reservations the Native American children still go nude…”



“Mom, I know, but it just is so weird to realize that all my clothes are gone and that soon all my friends as well as strangers will be seeing me bare like this…”



“I know honey, but Matt, Daddy and I will take good care of you.”



“Thanks Mom.”



They pulled into the crowded Whole Foods parking lot and parked at the extreme far end of the parking lot. She had hoped they would park closer, but both her parents felt that if you were going to have to drive someplace then you should get as much exercise as possible walking back and forth to the car. She sighed and opened her door. Having never gone to the store barefoot, much less naked, the feeling of the somewhat rough asphalt on her feet caused her to recoil, “Ouch! Mom, the pavement is rough.”



“I’m sorry honey, I guess we’ve all got too use to wearing Birks of flips to really toughen up our feet – I bet by the end of summer your feet will be just like a little Native American.”



The thought was not that reassuring as she stepped gingerly through the parking lot. It wasn’t hot, just rough. She found that walking on the white lines was a lot more comfortable even if she did end up walking in somewhat of a zig zag pattern. Her barefoot worries suddenly ended when she heard a young voice exclaim, “MOMMY! That girl is NAKED!” 



She felt her face flush and looked to see Mrs. Johnson and her almost seven year old son walking towards them. Last weekend she had babysat the boy, Josh, and now he was getting to see her in her birthday suit. Her first thought was, “Please ground, open up!” Followed by, “I wonder if I can get out of this???”



“Oh hi Barb, how are you and Josh today,” called out her Mom.



“We’re fine Marie,” responded Josh’s mom, “but WHY is Jenn naked out here in public and in broad open day light??” 



“”Oh dear, I guess it is a shock…did you hear about the medical experiment they are doing on some of our town’s teens this summer?”



“OH MY! I read it in the paper’s blog this morning…”



(the actually newspaper, to the relief of many had stopped publishing a hard edition last year and the entire town got their local news from the blog which had been created up to fill the news void. The blog made the entire community almost instantly aware of all happenings and the demise of the newspaper was saving both trees and valuable landfill space too)



“…So its real – they are really going to have a bunch of kids running around naked all summer to test for something about their immune systems?”



“Yes, Barb, Jenn and Matt are both involved, though Matt will be in the control group that has to stay dressed all summer.”



“Well Jenn,” replied Barb, “I don’t know if I could let my kids do this, but if what I read is correct it could be something that will benefit kids everywhere. You are to be applauded Jenn. Josh, your babysitter is naked because the university is using her in a study, you remember like your science fair experiment??”



Jenn still felt totally flushed and frustrated and to her Josh seemed to be staring a hole through her privates. Of course they were at his eye level, but none the less she wished he wasn’t studying them so intently. 



It took about twice as long as normal to do their grocery shopping as every friend would stop and ask the same question. Jenn was relieved to see a friend from her class, Becky, walk in with her Mom. Becky too was wearing nothing but a red blushing face…there was some nervous laughter as they both realized how funny they must look walking down the grocery aisles with nothing but a grocery cart to hide their nakedness -- but, both were relieved that they were not alone!



(to be continued)


Making a difference (Part four)
Wed Mar 18, 2009 11:14
64.12.116.7

Part Four (from Jenn’s Diary)

<<Dear Diary, Where, how do I even begin to describe today –it is only the first day of what is supposed to be a three month program and I have already experienced far more than I ever imagined. But, then Diary, how to you ever imagine running around your house, your town, your world in the nude???

The first encounter, with a kid that I babysat, was beyond strange. The strange thing is I had to help him finish up with his bath last week and so I’ve seen him naked. He wasn’t too happy about it then, but his Mom had told me to go in when he finished his bath to make sure he was clean. He is only like six or seven so I thought OK. Well, he got his payback in spades t today as he was the first person to see me in the bare. At first I wanted to DIE!

But, that weird feeling came over me again when I realized I was standing out in the parking lot butt naked. It felt like nipples were really hard and there was this real tingle down, you know, down there!

Anyway, Mom and his Mom talked and I found out the whole town knows about he experiment because the paper’s blog had the whole story.

As I walked up and down the aisle of Whole Foods it seemed like every one was stopping to stare and whisper. I ran into Becky and she is in the program too, she invited me to come over to her house tomorrow –that’s going to be weird too, but I guess everything is going to be weird until I get use to it. I wonder will I ever get use to being naked???

Tonight after dinner we had family swim, and at least for an hour I was not the only one in the family in the buff. It seemed so normal when we were all out in the pool swimming. But, then it came time to get out and dry off. Oh, another new wrinkle in my life – Mom and Dad want me to shower at the pool shower outdoors so my skin can get use to the outdoors sooner. The pool shower is OK on sunny days because Dad has solar panels heating the collection tank (its catches rainwater and holds it, if we go a long while without rain then a backup system ties into our well). But, then on cloudy days, the water isn’t that warm either!

It was OK tonight so I showered and dried off outside – I now have only little half size towels so I won’t be tempted to wrap up in one without thinking… 

When I went inside everyone was in their pj’s or robes so I again felt very naked…at family prayer it was my turn to pray. I know God knows what I look like naked, but again, it was weird. Well, enough for today…at least I made it through the first 24 hours. Love, Jenn>>



Making a difference (Part five)
Wed Mar 18, 2009 11:26
64.12.116.7

Part Five

Again the next morning Jenn faced getting out of bed with no bunny slippers to put on, but at least this time she didn’t even look for them. It seemed just a little easier to walk into the kitchen, exchange morning greetings and sit down to eat. She had asked her Mom for one of the little towels to cover the wicker bottom of the kitchen chair so she was a little more comfortable than the day before.

At breakfast her Mom told her she was scheduled for her first exam at the University Medical Center that afternoon. Because Becky’s Mom was scheduled to be at a Greenpeace rally she had asked if they could swing by and take her too. The thought gave Jenn some comfort – she had noticed in the store the day before that being naked with someone is a lot easier than being the only one in the buff.

“Mom,” she asked, “can I go over to Becky’s house and spend the morning and then you can pick both of us when we have to go over to the University?”

“I guess so dear, but I don’t have time to run you over, you can walk or ride your bike though – but, I don’t know how I feel about you going over their you know, in your, condition.”

“You mean naked.”

“Yes, honey, I mean the whole town knows and there are close to 25 of you that will be nude all summer, but it is still on the second full day of the program and I’m just a little concerned.”

“Hey,” piped up Matt, “I’ll ride over with her.”

“Oh dear that would be nice, Matt will ride over with you and then we can get your bike back later tonight.”

“Mom, do you think it’s like OK to bike in the nude?”

“Yes honey, your Dad already thought of that and changed out your seat so that it will be more comfortable and it has an absorbent cover on it too.”

"Actually Mom, I was thinking about the steel pedals on my barefeet..."

Her Mother smiled as assured her, "Daddy changed out the pedals to barefoot pedals as well."

Jenn didn’t want to walk because it was over a mile, but she didn’t want to ride either, but at least it would be quicker – so a few minutes later she and her brother were pedaling off to her friend’s house.

They hadn’t got out of sight when she heard, “Matt, dig it man, your sister’s like totally naked. Too cool!”

It was one of Matt’s friends from High School – a boy that Jenn had a crush on since sixth grade and now he was seeing her totally bare. She didn’t know what do to and that, “will the pavement open up and swallow me,” feeling came over her again.

Greg Brown the captain of almost every freshman team pulled up beside them on his bike.

“Hey squirt,” he began (he had called her that as long as she could remember – but, he said it with a smile in his voice and at least he was talking to her so she really didn’t care what he called her) “they got my brother in this nude for the summer gig too – he’s none to happy about it.”

Greg’s brother Pete was a year younger than Jenn, but extremely academically gifted. He was in Jenn’s 7th grade class for both math and science. He was painfully shy, very small and still had a very little boy sounding voice. Instantly Jenn felt both empathy and pity for him.

“We were out of town so he didn’t find out until like last night,” Greg continued, “he was like sobbing when my Mom went in and helped him get naked.”

His matter of fact tone put Jenn somewhat at ease as they rode along on the bike path three abreast. He continued, “So, are you like OK with it, I wondered if it would be harder for a girl than a boy…”

Greg Brown was asking her a question. She was riding beside him on a bike. Except for her being totally naked this was a dream come true.

“OK, is not really what I feel – this is like my second full day. Yesterday the first time I went outside was tough, and then when we went to the store was really hard, I found out Becky is in it too so that made it better for me. Are any of Pete’s friends going to be naked too?”

“Don’t know yet, he doesn’t do well with kids his own age, so I hope you guys will sort of look after him too, I mean he’s in your class isn’t he?”

Jenn was melting – I mean here was this incredible awesome boy who she didn’t think knew she existed was totally talking to her – granted he had noticed she was butt naked – but, he was talking to her about his little brother – and he like genuinely cared about his kid brother!

“I think all of us that are going through this will really feel for and take care of each other – I won’t lie, its totally hard being out here and even talking to you without a stitch of clothing on – but, Matt is going to take care of me, and I think it’s great you are worried about Pete too.”

“Thanks squirt,” he said with that grin, “I feel better knowing someone I know will be helping Pete…

“SOMEONE THAT I KNOW!” The words made Jenn’s heart skip a beat.

By that time they had arrived at Becky’s house. Jenn wanted to get inside and talk to Becky so she said quick goodbyes, leaned her bike on the porch and waved the boys on…the boys actually wanted to come in and see both naked girls, but Jenn’s Mom had warned Matt to get her to her friend’s house and not to linger…so basketball became the next order of the day for Greg and Matt.

Becky gushed as soon as she opened the door, “Was that GREG BROWN with you and Matt???”

Jenn jumped up and down and as soon as the door was shut exclaimed, “YES! And, he knows that I’m alive!”

For a brief moment something had truly distracted them from their nudity…

(to be continued)



