CHAPTER 2: Elevator

Light turned away from Misa, but she grabbed his arm and held him in place. She said, "Light hasn't seen the entire set yet. Let's go back to Misa's private dressing room. It's really nice."

One movie set looks just like another. I don't see why I need to be here.

Misa nuzzled into his arm, and, when he still ignored her, she began nipping lightly at his elbow, her eyes looking up with a sultry expression.

Light snatched his arm away and critically examined the damp patch on the fabric from Misa's spit. He tried to rub it away but it stayed. Then he gave her a disgusted look.

"Misa, don't lick my clothing! It was very nice of me to come for your private tour today, but if you're just going to grab me, we can do that at home. I took time off from work to see this. Now, both of us ought to be working."

Misa pouted. "But, Light almost never lets Misa grab him at home!"

"I have to work, Misa!"

Light began rapidly walking away. Misa skipped lightly after him and said, "But, Light hardly needs to work at all."

She glanced from side to side. Seeing nobody close, she dropped her voice and said, "After all, he's only pretending to chase himself. He should relax."

Light spun around, grabbed Misa's shoulders roughly and shook them. "Never talk like that! Don't you love me? Don't you know what could happen?"

Tears started in Misa's eyes, forming shimmering pools that gathered in her lower lids but did not fall.

Crap! Now I need to comfort her. Why does she always demand so much attention?

Light enfolded Misa tenderly in his arms. Rocking back and forth slightly, he kissed the top of her head and made shushing noises. He stroked her back, feeling her muscles relaxing. Then, just when he'd done exactly enough to avoid trouble later, he stepped back and smiled at her.

Misa smiled back, wearing her actress face, happy and fake. Light began walking away as if he were reluctant to leave, putting a certain heaviness in his steps that was carefully calculated to let Misa know just how much he cared, that he had to leave and he couldn't help it. He gave her a little wave just before he stepped onto the elevator, and she waved back cheerily.

The moment the elevator doors closed, Light's frown returned.

Why didn't I kill her after Rem died? There are plenty of loyal Kira followers who could fulfill her duties. After all, I can hide my face and kill them if they disobey. Misa is a liability. She's too stupid. If anyone ever suspects us again, she'll be the weak point. Besides, I don't really want her. I don't like having to perform for her.

As Light thought it over, he concluded that the real reason he'd probably kept her alive was because her death might awaken twinges of suspicion, however small. He hadn't followed the other solution of making her give up ownership because wiping her memory wasn't a very good substitute for killing her. Misa tended to blab about what she did remember, bringing up all sorts of suspicious details.

That's what had happened with her and L. L had always given percentages for how likely Light was to be Kira, but he'd said there was no doubt Misa was the second Kira.

The reason L had no doubt was because innocent Misa had told him everything she could remember - seeing Light in Aoyama, somehow knowing his name at first sight, sending "occult videos" to Sakura TV, and all those other things - it was just too much evidence. It was completely obvious that Misa either was the second Kira or had been very neatly framed.

No, the most suitable solution would be to kill Misa, but it was still risky. It would be best to let a few more years pass so it would seem less suspicious. Perhaps he'd make her die of anorexia. After all, she was a model, and far too skinny. He could probably start that process well before the 23-day time span allotted by the death note by using his persuasion on her, so her death would seem particularly like something that hadn't been done with a death note.

If she put up any resistance, he might have to use sex as bait. The skinnier she got, the more sex. He'd tell her how good she looked that way, how much she turned him on, and she'd starve willingly. Misa was distasteful, but to kill her cleanly and unsuspiciously, Light could put up with sex. But what he really wanted was-

Suddenly, the elevator jerked, made a grinding noise, and stopped. Light pressed the button to open the door. Nothing happened. He swore under his breath and jabbed at the help button. Misa was right, his work wasn't of any importance, but it made him feel prestige and he liked to be there. Not stuck in a stupid boring elevator.

In a few moments, he heard someone on the roof of the elevator.

Light said, "Hello? Hello? I'm stuck in here."

There was no answer but a series of metallic clicks, and then a hissing noise as a white fog-like substance began filling the elevator. Light coughed and screamed. He tried to get away, retreating as the white fog expanded. He clawed at the doors, trying to force them open. He breathed a snatch of the stuff and it made him dizzy; he felt like he was fainting.

He pressed his face to the floor and breathed in the last few inches of clear air, then let loose the loudest screams he could manage. But it was no use. Nobody came to help, and the stuff was oozing into his throat with every breath, bringing waves of dizziness.

Light held his breath, but that didn't help for long. His vision was going black, his consciousness slipping away. He took an involuntary gasp, and then had one last thought before it all went away.

This isn't supposed to happen to a god.

A/N (Author's Note):

Well, this is a shorter chapter than I thought it would be, but as I continue to develop this fic, the structure is turning out a bit different than I thought.

I imagine it is Matt on the roof of that elevator (though we don't see him).

Thanks so much to all the people who reviewed the first chapter!