Faye Carter
post by allen

I did manage to save a few of those stories from the yahoo group. I'm not the author though.

this is the one you mentioned.

Fay and the picnic

Julian and his wife Fay had gone for a picnic at a local beauty spot, they were not exactly seeing eye to eye but julian got akick out of embarrassing his 20 yr old wife anyway he could.
There were few people around whilst they had their picnic but a couple of girls aged about 9 and 10 attached themselves to them.they had been playing and were clearly bored but they had helped Fay and Julian by offering to get rid of some of their rubbish and in turn they had offered them drinks so that they had all ended up sat on the picnic rug.
Fay had asked them why they played round there and the girls explained that they loved to run around and play in the dunes which adjoined the picnic are and that the dunes were notorious for kids games and sometimes you would find someone being stripped there as a forfeit. As the younger girl Michelle put it,
"Once the equipment starts arriving the younger ones like to have alook at it, so the older kids tend to get stripped over there. There is meant to be a 13yr old girl that comes down here and lets you strip her, but we haven't met her yet."
The girls were badgering the adults to play with them. Julian had an idea,
"Tell you what girls,Fay will race you over to the dunes, straight forward race, of course she should win being the adult, but if you manage to beat her, you can take her into the dunes and pull her knickers down."
"Right on, " exclaimed the other girl Debbie.
"Julian, don't you dare," screamed Fay.
"Come on Fay, it's just a laugh and you are bound to win, your legs are longer!" replied Michelle.
"It's a tradition, the loser must pay a forfeit, it's all in fun, " added Debbie.
"Tell you what to make it fair, if either of us is last, you can drag the loser into the dunes and you can pull her jeans and panties down and have a look at her thing, " suggested Michelle.
"And whats more, if one of us comes last, and you've taken her knickers down, your husband can come over and have a look too, " chipped in a confident Debbie as she always beat the younger Michelle anyway.
Debbie did not look too pleased at that suggestion but Julian was all for it and told Fay she had to do it.
So they had a race, Fay in summer skirt and the younger girls in jeans, but of course no one had mentioned Fay was useless at sport and it was quickly apparent that Fay was trailing. The course was about 50yards and Michelle was a clear winner with Fay not far behind Debbie but it was far enough to ensure Fay lost. At the end she was reduced to a walk, a walk of shame, as the girls pulled her into the dunes.
She was laid down onto her back, Fay covered her eyes in shame, and felt her summer flowery skirt pulled up, up to her chin, exposing a white pair of panties. a girl sat either side of her, they looked at each other and, with a nod, they both peeled them down.
"It's a hairy one," quipped Debbie.
"Oo look at those hairs, a nice black thatch for us to play with," added Michelle.
"Fay's got a hairy fanny," Debbie sang as she gently began to pull and straighten individual hairs.
Michelle passed her hand through the hairs as if it were a comb, the girls commanded Fay to take her hands from her eyes and to look down to see her white panties half masted and the teasing hands of her victors playing with her pubes, to witness her own humiliation. As Michelle examined each hair, Debbie began to rub Fay's vagina finding it so moist.Then she took off Fay's knickers and opened her legs, she leant forward and gently kissed the vaginal lips feeling strange at the hairs tickling her nose.
"Well she is not a virgin so we can give her the finger if you want, " said Debbie.
And they did, putting 3 fingers together they took turns giving her the finger until very quickly she came with a yell.At that Julian knew his wife had come, he arrived on the scene to see his wife with legs splayed and looking exhausted and Michelle still playing with the hairs.