Thia's Welsh Incident
by Thiagawr

Thia has a secret audience.

Another little event, as told to friends years later.

Quite a few years ago, in south Wales...

We were staying in a newly-converted farm with associated cottages. The latter were arranged in what you might call a terrace. The fronts of each cottage had an individual little bridge connecting their front doors to the car park across a sort of narrow ravine, but the rears were linked by a long, raised area of decking to sit out on, with a low fence rail to divide each cottage's part from those adjacent. The single-bar fence rails were just a temporary, rudimentary divider; the cottages were freshly-converted and some aspects were as yet unfinished. If one had been so minded, you could have access to any of the cottages (about six) from the rear area; you would simply need to hop over each fence rail in turn.

From the front, the terrace of cottages looked liked a single storey, but they were built on a steep slope - as well as that small ravine to be crossed via the little bridges at the front, around the rear there was an additional, lower storey on which the cottages themselves sat.

Most evenings, we ate in the bar of the hotel/farm main building. We got to know the daughter of the owners, although I cannot now recall her name. She was in her twenties and was living in the cottage next door to ours (but we didn't know this initially) and working at the hotel. Hers was the extreme right-hand cottage out of about half a dozen and ours, as I've said was next to hers. Hers was actually two habitable storeys, but all the others were an upper, accommodation level (the front doors being accessed by those little bridges) and the lower level of those was stores or garages (accessible only from the rear), the whole thing being built into the little hill. I'm sure that is difficult to visualise, but I will furnish a picture if you like.

The rear windows of the cottages were actually large patio-type doors and they looked out from some height, over the decking onto open fields, so at night there was really just inky blackness, the milky way and the occasional moo to disturb the calm.

Late one evening, Thia and I were having sex on the bed. The bedroom was arranged with the window/doors to the left when looking at the bed from the end (actually in the rear wall of the cottage). Those windows were about ten feet from the bed.

So there we are, late in the evening, just getting underway. We had not drawn the bedroom curtains because the cottage floor at the rear was about ten feet from the ground level (above those storage rooms underneath) and we were not overlooked by anything at all. I think it was quite nice to see our own reflections in the window too.

After a little while, I suddenly became aware of something. There was someone standing outside on the adjacent decking to the right. This was in total darkness at about 11.00pm. I could just make out a face, illuminated by our dim bedroom lights. Why we hadn't considered this possibility and drawn the curtains, I'm really not sure. We think it's because - at that time - we thought we were the only occupants of the cottages (it was still under development, and we were, I believe, the very first guests in those cottages, although there were some others staying in the main hotel building).

There was a large mirror on the wall that faced the end of the bed, so the person outside would not only be able to look directly in from almost the side of our bed (but from quite a few feet away), but also see in the mirror the view from the bottom of the bed. To better explain the scene - if I was lying on the bed on my stomach, looking at the headboard, turning slightly to my left would have me looking almost straight towards this person, but about fifteen feet from them.

Naturally enough, I froze. Thia asked what was the matter and I made some excuse so as not to alarm her; needing to blow my nose or go to the toilet, perhaps. I got up from the bed and went into the bathroom, from where I knew I would also be able to see the decking area. When I looked back, the person had gone. I went over to the window, but as I did so I saw them returning so I quickly moved away. I saw clearly who it was: the daughter of the hotel owner, which at least put my mind at rest. She obviously did not realise that - close to our room - our bedroom lights illuminated her slightly.

Okay...

I think - but to this day I am not certain - Thia realised something was amiss. She had sat up on the bed and I think would have seen in the mirror what I saw through the window. But neither of us said anything about it. And we have never mentioned this to each other since!

We went back to having sex!

At one point - when, let's just say Thia and I were opposite ways around - Thia would have been looking right at the girl outside if she had looked slightly to the side. But from upside down...

Shortly after that, the girl must actually have stepped over the partition fence rail because she was then standing right outside our window about three or four feet from it, looking straight at our bed (us!) from the side. I'm sure Thia must definitely have seen her by this point.

I admit this unexpected turn of events was becoming - in the heat of the moment - quite exciting. There was a lot of adrenaline involved, that's for sure.

As Thia and I were nearing the highpoint of the proceedings, the girl had moved a little bit closer to the window and so was a bit better lit. AND she had her hand down the front of her jeans. Yes, she really did. Frankly, I wonder if she perhaps knew that we might be able to see her... by this time, she certainly didn't seem to be trying to ensure she was hidden anymore, nor to disguise her own "activity".

Not long after that, Thia had a spectacularly violent orgasm. It was one of the very few occasions when she simultaneously totally soaked herself (and me), and so noisily that she probably woke all the other guests, over in the hotel itself!

It took me rather by surprise and, as soon as I could, I got up to get a towel, only to find that the face at the window had gone.

Next morning at breakfast, the daughter (serving it from the bar area) and I caught each other's eye and couldn't or or didn't let go for a long, long time. The same thing happened as we made to leave, after finishing breakfast.

"You're leaving tomorrow, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes," I answered, "But we've really enjoyed our stay."

"I have to work until quite late tonight..." she replied.

At the time, I did (sort of) see the potential implication of her reply, but it's really only when looking back on it now, that I realise just how obvious it actually was; it was presumably a reference to what might have been, or even a request for further possible involvement.

**********

Thia and I have never spoken about this. I think neither of us wanted the other to know that we knew (and carried on regardless...) in case the other didn't know after all. Ha ha.

Footnote:

We've spoken about it now, obviously.

The girl was called Bethan (the hotel, is well established now and trades principally as a wedding venue).

Thia says she doesn't really remember the goings on. Maybe she's right, because she does tend to pretty much black out sometimes - at the height of her personal drama - in these situations. Then again, maybe she's just saying that...

Oh, you probably don't remember, but my car had a small dent in the rear bumper because I once reversed into a small brick plinth that had a lamp on it. It was here (at the main reception) that I did it.