Battle

1.

The Enterprise was being fired upon, and Jim remembered how much he had once loved to fight. He fell hard against a console and scrambled up, adrenaline pumping in his veins. But fighting wasn’t as fun anymore, not when he cared. Not when he was peering frantically into the thick smoke and not when he finally saw Spock, on the ground, green blood trickling from his temple. He heard himself shouting orders, some part of his brain making decisions, and apparently they were the right ones, because the shooting stopped and he could hear the sound of his heart pounding.

He took Spock to sickbay himself, supporting him as they made their way through the smoky corridors. Spock was groggy, disoriented, his head injury worse than it appeared. Sickbay was teeming with people, but those that could move got out of his way and he lay Spock down on an empty bed. Bones was at his side in an instant. “Bones. Fix him,” he said, not taking his eyes off Spock. Bones nodded, but he was sick with fear at the thought, “What if I can’t?” He ignored the other question that lurked in his mind – “What if I don’t?”

Explosion

3.

It had been a fucking diplomatic mission, but Jim had never seen so much blood. Bones was torn open and Jim was barely holding it together as they beamed into sickbay. Spock was there, thank God, lifting Bones onto a bed, calling for the nurses. “Spock,” Jim said weakly. “We have to fix him.”

“Jim, the likelihood of his survival is-“

Jim raged at him. “Don’t you fucking give me odds, Spock! Just FIX HIM!” Jim ran his hands through his hair, frantic.

“He’s hanging on by a thread, Captain,” called Nurse Chapel.

Jim’s eyes were damp. “So am I.”

4.

Jim was looking at him, his eyes desperate.

“It would be an unforgivable violation of his privacy… and of yours.”

“We have no secrets from you, Spock. Please.”

Spock reached out hesitantly, placed the tips of his fingers on the doctor’s face. He glanced up – Jim nodded his consent. Spock closed his eyes and reached into McCoy's mind. Jim waited impatiently – he supposed a crash course in trauma surgery might take longer than the usual mind meld. Then Spock pulled his hand away and shouted orders to the nurses, giving them what they needed to put Bones back together.

5.

Spock sat down, shaking. He had tried to keep his mind focused, seeking whatever he could find to help bring Bones back. Still, he couldn’t help but feel it - behind the medical textbooks and surgical techniques pulsed a love for Jim that was so all-encompassing, so vast, that it had made Spock’s heart hurt. He wondered if his own love for Jim ran so deep, if Bones had felt it too, if he would even remember.

His question was answered two days later when Bones’ eyes finally fluttered open. “Jim,” he whispered, then “Spock.” They locked eyes. “Thank you.”

Disease

6.

"He wouldn’t listen when I told him space was full of disease."

They watched Jim through the window of the quarantine room. He'd picked up the parasites on some godforsaken planet, and they were killing him.

Jim faded in and out of consciousness. He thought about dying. He hoped Spock and Bones were nearby. He hoped they were getting along. He was dying, and all he cared about was whether Spock and Bones were getting along. He thought about laughing. He hoped they’d be okay without him. He wanted to tell them he loved them. He didn’t want to die.

7.

“What if I can’t fix him?”

“Doctor, despite your considerable skill, there is a 92.5% chance that he will not survive.”

Bones looked at him. “You’re one lucky bastard, you know that?”

Spock raised an eyebrow.

“Look, I know you have feelings - Jim's drilled that into my head - but burying them so deeply… must make things easier."

"It is not easy. However, were I to allow myself access to my emotions, the consequences could be… dangerous.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean it is highly likely that I would be ripping that door off its hinges right now.”

8.

"Will it work?"

"I don't know, Spock, you tell me, you're the one always spouting the odds."

"I admit, I am... unsure how to assess the success rate of this cure."

"Cure, right. Good name for it. It's poison, is what it is. It’ll kill the parasites, or it’ll kill Jim. Or both."

He looked at Spock, then held the hypospray to Jim's neck. His hand shook. He inhaled, closed his eyes - and pulled his hand away. "I can't."

"Doctor. We must do this. It is his only chance." Spock held out his hand. Bones gave him the hypospray.

9.

The turbolift opened and Bones stepped onto the bridge. "Spock." Spock found himself strangely reluctant to turn his head, knowing that the doctor's expression would reveal everything. When he did look, he saw relief, naked and raw on McCoy's face. Bones nodded, his eyes glistening. "He's awake." His voice was rough.

In the turbolift, Bones watched Spock. "Spock. You're shaking."

"Doctor-" Spock's voice was choked.

Bones put a tentative hand on his shoulder. Spock turned towards him, leaning into the touch. Bones tugged him closer and wrapped his arms around him, whispered in his ear, "We're going to be okay."

Accident

10.

The accident left the three of them shaken, but not hurt. Others weren’t so lucky, and Bones had spent ten hectic hours in sickbay. He leaned his forehead against the door to his empty quarters.

Jim and Spock were in bed, talking softly, when the door buzzed. Bones entered, looking haggard. Jim got out up, went to him, drew him into his arms and held him tightly, then pulled back, apologizing. “Bones, I was going to-“ Bones shook his head, nodded towards the bed. Jim took his hand and led him over. Spock lifted the covers, and they climbed in.