In a minute, wands would be drawn and hexes exchanged. Already, the insults flew freely between the two hot-headed men, and Dumbledore’s attempts to re-establish calm were completely ignored.

Snape observed the kerfuffle with a sardonic smile on his lips. He had always hated Moody, and Shacklebolt was not that high on his list of favourite people. As for the others... they were clearly separated in two factions, ready to follow either of their leaders. There weren’t many who had kept their unwavering trust in an ailing Dumbledore.

His eyes met Potter’s, who twisted his hands in an eloquent gesture. Snape snorted. The Order’s follies had succeeded where seven years of Potions and Occlumency lessons had failed: Potter and Snape had finally managed a working relationship, and they were well on their way to friendship.

“Silence!” Potter barked.

All eyes turned towards Potter with part surprise, part dismay. Potter was usually content to let others talk, or argue, but he had obviously reached some sort of breaking point today.

“I really don’t know why Voldemort bothers to try to eliminate the Order, since you seem so intent on doing the job yourselves.”

Some people had the grace to look embarrassed and ashamed at that. Not so Moody, who opened his mouth to put the insolent child in his place.

“Look, P—”

“Shut up, Moody. Let’s first hear what the Headmaster has to say, before making any hasty decisions.”

Moody sat back down slowly, scowling. Snape could barely restrain his glee.

Dumbledore cleared his throat. “Thank you, Harry. As I was saying, our spy managed to get information to us yesterday, which, at the very least, confirms that he is still alive.” To Snape, he said, “I wish you would tell us his name, my boy. I could protect him better that way.”

Snape shook his head. There was no way he was going to entrust Percy’s safety to the Order. There were too many security holes and the fewer people who knew about Percy, the better.

Dumbledore frowned, but he didn’t insist.

“Anyway, it would seem that Voldemort plans an attack on Gringotts. With him in control of the whole financial system of Wizarding Britain, it would mean the death of the economy and society as we know it.”

Moody intervened again, much to Snape’s annoyance.

“Just how much can we trust this ‘spy’?”

Snape was about to retort angrily, but Potter was quicker.

“Not that old argument again!”

Moody’s magical eye swivelled towards Potter, while his back remained turned to him.

“Look, lad. We don’t know who this spy is. And once a Death Eater, always a Death Eater, you know.”

Potter’s eyes narrowed at the ‘lad’ quip, but he held his explosive temper in check.

“No, I don’t know. In fact, Snape’s presence here is proof positive that isn’t true. And if Snape says that the spy is trustworthy then it is enough for me, and it will be enough for you, too.”

This time, Moody turned his whole body to Potter.

“Are you thr—”

He was interrupted by the ringing of alarm bells, almost instantly followed by the bellows of Mrs Black, whose portrait they still hadn’t managed to take off the wall. The wards had been breached, from the inside, at the only place where apparating or portkeying was possible: the safe room.

Snape and Potter immediately climbed the stairs, wands at the ready, closely followed by the Aurors. Up the stairs, Moody and Shacklebolt blocked the corridor while Potter approached the door, backed up by Snape.

Potter cast a Transparency spell on the door. Inside, there was a Death Eater, his hood drawn over his face, a wand held tightly in his right hand, his left hand clutched around something on his chest, a medallion maybe.

Potter raised his wand, ready to blast the intruder, but Snape stopped him, even as the Death Eater fell, to his knees first, then flat on his face, the wand escaping his fingers to roll up to the wall.

Snape opened the door and entered, Potter at his heels. He cast a Petrifying spell on the Death Eater, then he rolled him on his back and took his hood off.

It was Percy.

Bruised, bleeding, but alive. Snape released the spell quickly and put his wand away. He took off the cloak and began unlacing Percy’s collar with uncharacteristically unsteady hands.

He distantly heard Potter’s question, “Our spy?” and nodded. Shouts and commotion followed, but he didn’t care, focused as he was on disrobing Percy — though for far less pleasant reasons than usual, he reflected grimly.

Opening the collar, Snape saw that Percy was badly hurt on his torso and that he wouldn’t be able to take off his robes without causing more pain. Cursing, Snape used his wand to slash the robes open. He parted the folds delicately and sucked a breath in anger. Percy was his and they had hurt him! Percy was his and he had failed to protect him.

Snape became aware of a hand on his shoulder. Raising his eyes, he saw Potter, looking at him with a strange light in his eyes.

“Snape. Let Hestia have a look at him.”

Snape stood up and stepped back, allowing the Healer to kneel next to Percy. He kept his eyes on her as she began scanning for additional injuries. Potter tugged at Snape’s elbow and dragged him out of the room.

“Let her do her job. She doesn’t need you hovering over her shoulder.”

Snape opened his mouth to tear the impudent brat to shreds but Potter cut him short with his next words.

“There’s something about the Weasleys, isn’t there?”

Snape glared; Potter couldn’t possibly know...

“You mean their ability to breed like bunnies?”

Potter burst into laughter.

“No, not that. And Percy won’t be ‘breeding like a bunny’, will he... brother-in-law?”

Snape felt his jaw fall. Slowly, he closed it again, and swallowed nervously.

“I was under the impression that it was with Miss Granger that you were involved.”

There was no point in denying the truth. Besides, he didn’t want to. Percy’s cover had obviously been broken, and there was nothing now to prevent him from claiming Percy as his.

“Come on, Professor. We’ve always done everything together, we three. We weren’t about to shun any one of us just to enter a more conventional relationship.”

“I... see.”

“See the good side of things: after our announcement, Mrs Weasley will probably be relieved Percy’s involved with only one person.”

Snape smiled wryly. He hadn’t given much thought to the Weasley matriarch, and he was only beginning to realise that hooking up with Percy would mean hooking up with the entire Weasley clan. He sighed; his solitary, quiet days were probably over.

Potter continued, “Of course, it might not be true. I mean, there’s a chance that Molly could get grandchildren from us. Now, you and Percy will have more difficulties. Unless... is there a potion to make wizards pregnant?”

Snape stared at Potter in shock. Surely he hadn’t just said that?

Potter laughed. “I guess not.”

“What have you been smoking, Potter? Do you feel all right?”

“You should have seen your face.”

Snape was about to explode when Hestia Jones walked out of the room. He realised that Potter had been trying to distract him with inane chatter. It had worked, too, but now his worry was coming back with a vengeance. Percy was on a stretcher floating behind the Healer, his body covered by a light sheet.

“Madam Jones? How is he?”

Potter had stepped forward too, but Jones addressed Snape. There was kindness in her eyes, and Snape wondered whether he had been a little too obvious.

“He’ll live, and without brain damage, thank God. He may have some difficulties with his joints, especially in damp weather, but that should be all.”

Snape closed his eyes in relief.

Potter asked, “Do you want me to place him in the spare bed in your bedroom?”

Snape looked at Potter, who didn’t avert his eyes. He nodded and, as an afterthought, said, “Thank you.”

“Good. Come with me, Harry. Professor, do you have some undiluted Muscle-Relaxing Potion?”

Snape shook his head. “No, and there won’t be any at Hogwarts either. But I can make it here, give me a couple of hours.”

“Thanks.”

Snape watched Jones and Potter take Percy’s unconscious form to his room. He turned and hurried to his lab.

Snape was dicing shrivelfigs expertly when Albus entered his lab.

“Severus? May I speak to you?”

With his knife, Snape silently indicated a stool. Dumbledore sat down.

“Percy has been placed in your room.”

“I know.”

Without looking, Snape could see Albus rolling his eyes at the laconic answer.

“I suppose he is our spy.”

“Was, by the look of things. By the way, the information you got yesterday probably cannot be trusted.”

“Don’t worry about that. Tell me more about Mr Weasley.”

Snape turned at that question and looked at Dumbledore, hoping to convey his lack of understanding. “Whatever do you mean? Mr Weasley was a student at Hogwarts for seven years, don’t you remember him?”

Dumbledore looked at him steadily, a large grin on his face. Damn! Snape sighed.

“What do you want to hear, you meddling gossip?”

“Now, now, my dear Severus. You know that I hold everything you tell me in confidence.”

Snape rolled his eyes and turned back to his potion. He picked up the spoon and started stirring slowly. Albus coughed lightly behind him, in a polite encouragement to begin talking.

“I first became involved with Mr Weasley four years ago, when he came back to Hogwarts for the second task of the Tri-wizard Tournament. By the end of the year, he could hardly miss the reappearance of my Dark Mark, so he confronted me about it.”

Snape remembered the scene vividly. It had been his first glimpse of Percy’s iron spine, and a turning point in their relationship, when it had gone from ‘just sex’ to... something else.

“In the course of the conversation that followed, several things were said that made me consider training Percy for spying. You remember, of course, Miss Weasley’s possession by Tom Riddle during her first year?”

Snape reduced the heat until the potion was only simmering. He turned back toward Albus, bracing his hands on the worktable behind him. Albus nodded.

“Percy felt guilty about that. Miss Weasley had tried to talk to him about her problems. Time loss, blood on her clothes, that sort of things. But Percy had silenced her every time in the mistaken impression that she was trying to mock him. He felt responsible for her trials, and he also conceived a deep hatred for the Dark Lord, along with some mistrust of you.”

“For failing to realise what was happening that year?” Dumbledore’s voice was tinted with sadness.

“Yes. You are commonly thought to be omniscient and suddenly you weren’t, not when it mattered most.”

“What happened next?”

“I tutored Percy in Occlumency and other arts useful for a spy.” Snape remained vague and Dumbledore did not ask for clarifications. “We orchestrated his falling out with his family. Macnair took an interest in Percy and had him initiated in the Death Eater ranks.”

Albus nodded. “That was extremely courageous of him.”

Snape snorted derisively and said, “Gryffindors!” as if it explained everything.

He examined the potion with a critical eye. A little rushed, but it would do the job. He began ladling it in large stone bottles. When they were all full, he placed them carefully in a cushioned crate.

“If you will excuse me, Headmaster?”

“Of course, my boy.”

Dumbledore stepped aside and Snape went out, the crate floating in front of him.

Hestia Jones was spelling the bruises away one by one. Percy had awaken and he looked up at Snape’s entrance. His face lit up with a tired smile.

“Ah. Professor. I’ve almost finished. Dilute two tablespoons of potion in the glass of juice over there, will you.”

Snape set the crate on the desk. He poured the potion into the glass and stirred it with a spoon until all traces of the dark green potion had disappeared from the pumpkin juice. He silently handed the glass to Jones who refused it.

“Can you give it to Percy yourself, Professor? I’m afraid I can’t stay.”

Snape’s eyes narrowed, but his annoyance was more than half feigned.

“I’m a Potions master, Healer Jones. Not a nursemaid.”

She smiled cheerfully. “Of course not. Don’t forget to give him the same amount every two hours for the next twenty-four hours.”

She slipped her wand into her sleeve pocket and gave him a little wave as she left.

“I’ll be back tomorrow to see how the patient is doing. Bye!”

Snape looked at her disappearing back in disbelief. A soft chuckle reminded him of Percy’s presence. Cautiously, he helped him to sit, using his own body as support and tucking Percy’s head under his chin. He raised the goblet to Percy’s mouth. When Percy had finished, Snape tried to stand up again, but Percy stopped him.

“Let me stay in your arms some more.”

Snape tightened his hold. He whispered, “I’m sorry I failed you.”

“Failed me? What do you mean?”

“You were caught. You could have died.”

“Not your fault. And I’m alive.”

Percy raised a hand and turned Snape’s head towards his. He brushed his lips against Snape’s.

“I love you.”

It was wonderful and exhilarating. It was scary. To prevent himself from thinking too much, Snape kissed Percy again. The kiss quickly grew heated, their tongues sliding against each other, their teeth pulling and nibbling on each other’s lips. Snape felt a hand grab at his hair, almost painfully.

“Oops, sorry.”

They jumped apart, turning identically horrified eyes towards the door. Potter’s dishevelled head was poking through the door’s opening, a large grin painted on.

“Didn’t choose the best moment, did I? Don’t worry, I’ll be out in a minute. Perce, that wand you had with you when you portkeyed here? Is it whose I think it is?”

Percy nodded.

“Wicked!”

Potter’s head disappeared from the door. Snape bent down to resume their kiss.

The door opened again and Potter said, “Don’t forget that Percy is supposed to rest, Professor. No exertions, now.”

“Fuck off, Potter!” Snape roared. Had his wand not been in the sleeve currently draped around Percy’s shoulders, he would have hexed the little annoyance senseless. Potter took that as his clue to flee.

Snape sighed as Percy laughed silently against his chest. Snape tightened his arms around Percy and buried his nose in his hair. It would be all right.