Entry tags: 

fic, mummy!fic

The Mummy, part 3/3 
Part 2

"What's the plan?" Jensen asks once they're all back at Jared's apartment within the fort.

"We have to stop him regenerating!" Jared says firmly. He looks at James and Greg, who both look terrified. "You say you got the jars from inside a chest that said whoever opened it would die—who else was there with you?"

James and Greg look at each other. "There was that Egyptologist, Singer," Greg says.

"What about Albie?" Jensen asks suspiciously. "I haven't seen him since we were in Hamunaptra; any idea what happened to him?"

"No idea," James says. "He bolted before we opened the chest."

"Yeah, that sounds like Albie," Jensen says wryly.

"We have to find Singer and bring him back here," Jared says.

Jensen nods. "Right. Chad, you're with me; James and Greg, you stay here with Jared."

"What? No!" Jared yells, at the same time as Chad says, "Why do I have to come with you?"

"I'm not some piece of baggage you can just leave behind," Jared objects. "How dare you treat me like a damsel in distress?"

Jensen looks at him with a raised eyebrow. "Anck-su-namun?"

"I'm coming with you, and that's final." Jared folds his arms and glares at Jensen. "And I'd like to see you try to stop me."

"I could throw you over my shoulder," Jensen points out.

Jared snorts. "Good luck." He's regretting that a moment later, though, when Jensen shoves his shoulder into Jared's stomach and tosses him over his shoulder with a ridiculous amount of ease. "No!" Jared yells. "Put me down, you asshole! Put me down!" He's helpless, wriggling in Jensen's arms, trying desperately to kick his way free. He has to admit, though, that from this angle, he does have a very nice view of Jensen's ass in tight pants. Moments later, he's cursing his distraction when Jensen dumps him on the couch in the next room and is back through the door before Jared can get up. The door slams on his nose, and Jared hears the unmistakable sound of a key turning in the lock.

"Don't let him out!" he hears Jensen say. That's the final straw; Jared does not appreciate being treated like he's helpless, and being locked up is not acceptable. He takes a step back and raises his leg, kicking the lock in easily. The door flies open, and Jared is immensely satisfied to see a look of shock on Jensen's face.

"I'm coming with you," Jared says firmly.

"Fine," Jensen sighs. "But don't blame me if you get captured and sacrificed as the reincarnation of a long-dead girlfriend."

~

Singer lives in a ramshackle apartment on the outskirts of the city, and when they arrive, they find Albie already there, rifling through Singer's drawers. The entire room is a mess, and Jensen growls under his breath.

"What a surprise," he says loudly, and Albie turns to look at him, a panicked expression on his face when he sees Jensen. He tries to make a run for it out the window, but Jensen grabs a chair and throws it at him, tangling Albie's legs up and bringing him down.

"Nice," Jared says. Jensen tosses him a quick grin and goes after Albie, easily picking him up off the floor and holding him up by the scruff of the neck.

"Good to see you again, Albie," Jensen says sarcastically. "Care to tell me what's going on here?"

"Nothing!" Albie squeaks.

"I don't think that's what's happening," Jensen says in a mild tone. "I think you came back from the desert with a new friend, am I right?"

"No! No friends but you, Ackles!"

"Now why don't I believe you?" Jensen holds him up higher, close to the ceiling fan, which spins in his face. Albie shrieks.

"Yes! Yes! I came back with the High Priest!"

"What's in it for you, hmm?" Jensen demands. "What's he promised you?"

"It is better to be the right hand of the Devil than to stand in his way," Albie pants, sweating. "He will not hurt me if I aid him."

"Awesome," Jensen mutters. "So, what are you looking for? Tell me!"

"I will not—"

Jensen holds him higher; the fan brushes the ends of his hair, and Albie shrieks again. "The book! The book! He needs the Book of the Dead!"

"What for?"

"Something about bringing his dead girlfriend back to life! He needs the book and your friend!"

Jensen puts Albie down and looks at Jared, a worried frown on his face. "You should've stayed back at the fort," he says, sounding nervous.

"No way," Jared says. "Better with you than with those two Brits."

"Hey, hang onto him!" Chad yells. Albie's managed to slip out of Jensen's grasp, and as he passes, he knees Jensen in the balls. Jensen goes down with a groan, and Albie leaps out of the window before Jared or Chad can grab him.

"Crap," Jensen grinds out, his voice strangled. He's in a heap on the floor, curled up in a ball and clutching at his balls in agony. Jared winces in sympathy and helps him to his feet.

"You okay?" he asks.

"I'll get you to kiss it better later," Jensen mutters, just as a blood-curdling scream comes from the street. They rush to the window and peer out. A large crowd of people in the street scatters away from two figures: one is the shrivelled remains of Singer, and the other is hooded and cloaked. A rotted hand reaches down, taking both the Book and the canopic jar from Singer's body before the figure turns to look up at the window.

"Back inside!" Jensen snaps, just as Imhotep opens his mouth and roars at them, a swarm of insects pouring forth. Jared and Jensen slam the shutters closed just as the swarm hits, and they leg it out the back door.

~

"Well. That's just awesome," Jensen says morosely, staring at the remains of Greg on the floor of Jared's living room. James is looking incredibly nervous, pacing and twitching, and Jared can't blame him.

"Why didn't he take you as well?" Jensen asks.

"I was getting some whiskey! I was only out of the room for a few minutes!" James says.

"Oh, God," Jared groans, going into his room and sitting on his bed, head buried in his hands. Jensen follows, closing the door behind him, and sits next to Jared.

"Hey, c'mon," Jensen says. "We'll fix it."

"I just—" Jared stops. "I just want to take a break. Stop running around and trying to avert the Apocalypse. I'm a librarian! I didn't sign up for this!"

"Calm down," Jensen says, putting a hand on his thigh. "We do need to rest. We've been going without sleep for almost two days now, and trust me, we're all going to think better when we're more alert."

Jared sighs, leaning his head against Jensen's shoulder, and Jensen strokes his hair. It feels good, relaxing, Jensen's strong fingers combing through the strands and gently rubs his scalp. Jared makes a soft noise of pleasure, opening his mouth a little against Jensen's neck and kissing the warm skin.

"Jared—" Jensen manages as Jared steps up his game, licking and sucking at Jensen's neck while he explores other areas with his hands.

"Yeah?"

"We should rest." He sounds reluctant, and Jared smiles when he tilts his head back to allow Jared easier access.

"Soon," Jared agrees. Jensen's stomach is warm and solid, and Jared traces the lines of his muscles as Jensen squirms against him and finally starts to reciprocate. He turns his head and catches Jared's wandering mouth with his own. His lips are hot and desperate, and there is a sudden urgency to their movements. Jared finds himself on his back on the bed, his shirt half off and his glasses sitting crooked on his nose.

Jensen grins down at him and unbuttons his own shirt, slipping his suspenders and gun holsters off his shoulders, followed by the white linen of his shirt. Jared watches eagerly, shaking fingers stroking every inch of new skin that is bared, down Jensen's stomach to his waistband.

Jensen sighs softly and raises his hands to Jared's face, his fingers gentle as they trace his jawline, over his cheekbones. Jared's fingers still their movements as Jensen runs his hands down Jared's neck, over his shoulders, pushing his shirt off. He leans down to kiss him, and his mouth is like fire against Jared's skin, leaving a burning trail in its wake.

"God damn, but you feel good," Jensen pants, kissing Jared desperately as Jared slides his hands down the back of Jensen's pants, feeling the smooth, firm roundness of his ass. He shoves the pants out of the way, pulling them down around Jensen's thighs before pressing his palms to Jensen's chest and gently pushing him upright so Jared can see him properly.

He's an amazing sight; the lanterns lighting the room cast a soft glow over him, and Jared feasts his eyes on Jensen's sturdy frame, densely muscled, with a light sprinkling of hair on his chest leading down to his narrow hips and muscular thighs. His cock is hard and gleaming in the lamplight, standing out from his body with a shine of precome on the tip, waiting for Jared to stroke it, smear it around and slick Jensen up.

Jensen flushes under his gaze, staining his freckled skin pink, and he gives Jared a cocky grin, reaching down to push Jared's pants out of the way, exposing his hard cock. Jared's the one who feels scrutinized now, and he tries not to squirm as Jensen looks him over slowly, his eyes lingering on Jared's chest, his stomach, his cock.

"Fuckin' beautiful," Jensen murmurs. He wraps his hand around Jared's dick, sliding slowly up and down the shaft. He dips a finger into the slit, coming away with a drop of precome, which he licks off, and Jared moans hungrily, wrapping one hand around Jensen's hip and the other around his cock.

They stroke each other slowly, gazes locked, until they're both moaning and gasping, and Jensen falls forward, trapping their hands between them as he kisses Jared, deep and wet. Jared keeps his hand moving, and Jensen jerks his hips against Jared's, the space between them becoming slick with precome and sweat.

"Oh, God," Jared gasps. His glasses are slipping down his nose again, and he reaches up with his free hand, ripping them off his face and tossing them aside. Jensen groans, tightening his fist and kissing harder, deeper. Jared's close, so close, and Jensen somehow manages to fit his other hand between them, sliding around Jared's balls and squeezing them gently.

Jared goes off like a shot, pumping come between them as he shakes and groans his way through his orgasm. Jensen moans with him, jerking him through the aftershocks and kissing him breathless until Jared's hips still.

Jared could happily fall asleep right then, but he's got a gorgeous cock in his hand, and a really gorgeous guy attached to it, who is currently whimpering desperately into Jared's mouth. He grins, tightening his grip and jerking Jensen hard, his hand hot and slick with his own come. It only takes a few more strokes before Jensen tenses all over and cries out, spurting between them. He collapses down on top of Jared, mouthing weakly at his neck as he comes down.

"Jensen?" Jared says a few minutes later. They've managed to clean up and get dressed again, and now they're just lying together, sharing soft kisses.

"Hmm?"

"I really don't want to be sacrificed so this guy can get his girlfriend back."

Jensen sighs softly. "Yeah, I don't want that either." He sits up and runs a hand through his hair to make it stick up again. Jared moves to follow him, but Jensen puts a hand on his chest. "Take a nap. I'll go talk to the others about a plan."

"But—"

"Sleep, Jared. I need you to be alert."

Jared nods despite himself, and unashamedly ogles Jensen's ass as he leaves the room. Jensen's right; Jared really needs some sleep. He lies back on the bed and is asleep within minutes.

~

Waking up to find someone kissing you is pretty awesome. Waking up to find that the someone who is kissing you is a four-thousand-year-old rotted corpse, however, is pretty much the worst thing ever. Jared shrieks and pulls away, staring in horror at Imhotep, whose disgusting, putrid mouth had just been on Jared's. Oh God, he's going to puke. His mouth tastes like death, and he's just been violated by a goddamned mummy who thinks Jared is his dead girlfriend.

He's never going to get over this.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" he yells. "I'm not your fucking girlfriend! Find someone else!"

Imhotep frowns and moves closer, and Jared scoots away as fast as he can, glancing around for a weapon, anything he can use against Imhotep.

Thankfully, he doesn't have to worry about that for long because his bedroom door bursts open to reveal Jensen, holding a cat.

"Catch!" Jensen says, tossing the snarling cat at Imhotep. Imhotep shrieks and spins away, a whirlwind of sand flying out the window in a rush. The cat lands on the floor with a thump and vanishes under the bed.

"Are you okay?" Jensen asks.

"I'll do," Chad says, and Jensen glares at him.

"He kissed me!" Jared says. "There was tongue! Oh God, I think I'm gonna be sick."

"Tongue?" Jensen wrinkles his nose. "Gross."

"Tell me about it!" Jared yells. "Um, thanks for the rescue, though."

"No problem," Jensen smirks, and Jared gives him a dirty look.

"Bourbon?" Chad says, offering him a flask. Jared takes it gratefully, swishing his first mouthful around and spitting it out before taking a long swallow.

"Ergh," he says. The taste has gone, but it's going to take a while before he forgets the slimy, rotted feel of Imhotep's mouth against his.

"Keep it," Chad says when Jared offers him the flask back.

"Have you guys thought of anything yet?" Jared asks. Everyone shakes their heads. James looks terrified, his face pale and sweaty, and Jared feels a fair amount of sympathy for him. "Come with me," Jared says thoughtfully, an inkling growing in the back of his mind, "I think I might have an idea."

~

"Why are we back here?" Jensen asks as Kripke leads them through the museum.

"I was thinking," Jared says as they walk, "the book that Singer found, it was supposed to be the Book of Amun-Ra. But it was the Book of the Dead! They must have got them mixed up! I'm willing to bet that the Book of Amun-Ra is wherever the Book of the Dead was supposed to be. And I figure that if the Book of the Dead can bring a dead person back to life, then the Book of Amun-Ra—"

"—can kill him again," Jensen finishes, and Jared nods.

"Exactly!"

"So where is it?"

"That's why we're here," Jared says.

"Here," Kripke says, stopping in his tracks and pointing to a display of a hieroglyphic-covered stone. Jared steps forward and starts examining the symbols, but he is interrupted by a loud crash from the foyer.

"There's a mob coming!" Chad yells, panting as he runs towards them. "They're all covered in sores, it's pretty gross."

"Boils and sores," Krushnic notes. "His powers are growing."

"You wanna hurry things along a little?" Jensen asks Jared.

"Shut up," Jared murmurs. It's hard enough to read hieroglyphics when he's in a quiet room with all the time in the world; this is a fairly stressful situation and he doesn't want to get it wrong.

"Come on!" Chad yells. "They're breaking down the doors!"

"Almost there!" Jared shouts. "Here! The Book of Amun-Ra is buried under Anubis, and the Book of the Dead is buried underneath Horus!"

"Great, let's go!" Jensen snaps, grabbing Jared and dragging him away just as the front doors burst open to the museum. They manage to escape out the back door, all of them piled into Chad's car, and as they're leaving the grounds, Jared looks back to see Imhotep standing at a window on the top floor, looking seriously pissed off.

"Where are we going?" Chad asks, panic in his voice.

"Hamunaptra," Jared says. "We have to go back to Hamunaptra."

"In a car?" Chad shouts. "How are we gonna get there? We've got a mob on our tail!"

"Not just on our tail," Jensen says. "They're all around us."

Chad slams on the breaks, and the car screeches to a halt. There's a wall of people up ahead, spotty and oozing, and there's no way through. "Crap," Chad says softly.

The crowd begins chanting. "Imhotep. Imhotep. Imhotep. Imhotep." It's seriously freaky.

"What now?" Chad asks.

"Drive," Jensen snaps. "Bowl them over."

"But—"

"Do it!"

Chad stomps on the gas and the car shoots forward, ramming into the crowd of people. Jared silently curses Chad for owning a stupid convertible instead of a car with benefits such as a roof; hands reach inside and try to grab them, and they can't drive fast enough to stop people running alongside and doing their best to drag them all out of the car. There are people clinging to the sides, and Jared hears a shriek from behind him as James is dragged out of the backseat and vanishes into the crowd.

"We gotta go back for him!" he yells, but it's too late; they hear a blood-curdling shriek, and the roar of Imhotep as he drains James of his life.

"Oh God, oh God," Chad whimpers as he drives, bodies flying everywhere. Jensen shoots at anyone who tries to get into the car, but he's running out of guns. There are crazed people all over the windscreen, and Jared can't see the road in front of them. Neither can Chad, apparently, because the car suddenly slams into a wall, jolting them all forward painfully.

"Get out! Run for it!" Jensen yells, dragging Jared out of the car and firing into the crowd that threatens to engulf them. There's no escape; they're trapped against the wall, with the mob advancing on all sides.

"What now?" Jared asks.

"I didn't really want to have to do this," Jensen mutters, and pulls a stick of dynamite out of his pocket. He drags a match down Krushnic's face, earning him a yelp and a glare, and lights the dynamite.

The crowd backs away, and Jared spots a manhole. "We can get out through here!" he says, rushing over and trying to lift it. Krushnic and Chad help him, and they've almost got it open when the crowd goes completely silent. A chill wind blows through the street, and Jared knows without even looking that Imhotep is here.

He's fully regenerated; a tall, strong-looking man, completely bald and wearing a simple loincloth and robe. His eyes are dark, and he smiles at Jared, a smug, condescending smile. He reaches out a hand to Jared, ignoring the stick of dynamite that Jensen is still holding.

"Koontash dai na," he says. Albie appears at his side, looking sick.

"Come with me, and I will spare your friends," he translates.

Jared looks at Jensen and grabs the stick of dynamite, pulling the fuse out and tossing it aside. It's useless against Imhotep. "Any bright ideas?" he asks hopefully.

Jensen shakes his head.

"Keetah mi pharos, aja nilo, isirlan," Imhotep continues. Albie frowns and mouths something to himself, then says, "Come with me, my princess. It is time to make you mine forever."

"Oh, for Christ's sake," Jared sighs. "I'm not a princess! Doesn't he have eyes? Besides, it's for all eternity, you idiot."

Albie quails a little from the force of Jared's glare. "Oh."

Jared turns to Jensen. "I swear, if you don't rescue me and he turns into a mummy, I'm coming for you."

"Jared—"

"I'll be okay. He has to take me to Hamunaptra and perform some kind of ritual. There's time. It's not like I have a choice, is it?"

Jensen looks devastated and shakes his head. Jared takes his hand and kisses him gently, trying not to think about how this could be the last time he sees Jensen.

"No," Jensen says, as Jared walks towards Imhotep. He pulls out a gun, but Krushnic places a hand on his arm, lowering the weapon.

"Don't," he says. "It would not do any good."

"I'll come for you," Jensen assures Jared as he walks away, and Jared doesn't doubt it.

"Hey, that's mine!" he hears Chad saying loudly, and he turns to see Albie fighting with Chad over the key. Jared sighs; he'd been hoping Imhotep would forget about that, but no luck.

As they're leaving, Imhotep says, "Pared oos."

"No!" Jared yells, struggling to escape from the sudden iron grip that holds him back. Albie smiles and says, "Kill them!" to the mob.

Jared doesn't see what happens next; the world disappears in a swirl of sand.

~

"Oh my God," Jared splutters, falling to his knees on the sand and coughing out half the desert. "Couldn't we have just taken camels? Your way of travelling is horrible." He glares at Imhotep, who just raises an eyebrow and stalks away. Jared gets to his feet and dusts himself off, straightening his glasses and peering around. "We're—we're already here." The ruins of Hamunaptra glitter in the distance, and he sighs.

That's when he spots the small airplane heading towards them. It's just a spot in the distance, but he can already hear the roar of the engines, and he grins. "Jensen," he breathes. He must have survived! After taking a moment to feel immense relief, Jared mentally curses him for so easily falling into the role of the damsel in distress—this entire thing is seriously screwing with Jared's masculinity.

His hopes are short-lived, however; Imhotep sees the airplane as well, and Jared watches in horror as he stretches his arms out. A huge wave of sand rises up and barrels straight for the plane, and Jared is helpless to act as Imhotep opens his mouth and roars, the wall of sand taking on his aspect as he swallows the plane.

"No!" Jared yells, feeling useless as the small plane tumbles around in the sandstorm. "Stop it! You'll kill them!"

"I think that is the point," Albie says.

"This had better work," Jared mutters as he suddenly has an idea. He steps in front of Imhotep, grabbing his face and tilting his head back for a kiss. Jared puts his all into it, just feeling grateful that at least Imhotep's fully regenerated now, and it's nothing like kissing a dead guy.

Amazingly, it works; he feels Imhotep tense up and then relax into the kiss, and by the time Jared lets him go, the wall of sand has gone down and the plane is stuttering across the sky. It's too late, though. The plane is going down, and Jared gasps when it disappears behind a dune and crashes out of sight, a spray of sand rising up above the crest of the dune.

"That was amazing," Albie says, in a snide, crawling voice. Jared hits him across the back of the head, and Albie flinches back, looking to Imhotep for help. Imhotep ignores him and heads towards the city. Jared has no choice but to follow him.

As they enter the crypts, Albie gives Jared a shove to make him move faster. Jared really doesn't appreciate that, and he turns to snarl at Albie. "You know, you're going to get what's coming to you," he says.

"Oh, really?" Albie smirks.

"Hell, yeah. Slimy worms always get what's coming to them. It's going to be nasty."

It works; Albie's face falls, and he says, "They do?" in a worried tone. Jared just smiles widely at him.

They finally reach a large cavern, with a stone slab in the center of it. Imhotep gestures at it, and Albie says, "Lie down on the altar."

"Like hell!" Jared splutters. Imhotep shrugs and hits him on the back of the head. He's got one hell of a blow; Jared's vision blurs, and he passes out.

~

He wakes to find himself spread-eagle on the altar, his hands and feet tied so tight that he can barely move. He looks around and recoils from the desiccated mummy on the slab next to him. It must be Anck-su-namun, but she still seems pretty dead. More interesting is the sudden sound of a gunshot echoing through the chamber, sounding fairly close, and Jared grins. Jensen's unstoppable.

"Master," Albie says obsequiously, "they still live!"

Imhotep nods, frowning slightly, and opens a canopic jar on the altar. He reaches inside and pulls out a handful of ashes, which he blows around the room. He murmurs something Jared can't make out, and suddenly, the walls are alive with twitching mummies, pulling themselves out of the crumbling stone and shuffling towards Imhotep. Jared cringes; Imhotep points imperiously, and they start shuffling out of the room, towards where the gunfire had come from.

"Great," Jared sighs, as the gunfire starts up again, this time in earnest. Imhotep looks frustrated as he approaches the altar, carrying the Book of the Dead. The remaining mummies shuffle forward, kneeling around the altar and chanting in creaky, inhuman voices as Imhotep lays the book down and takes the key out of his robes. He caresses the cheek of the mummy lying next to Jared for a moment, looking down at her with affection, and opens the book.

Jared's running out of options here. He struggles against his bonds, but they're tied tight, and all he gets out of it are some seriously chafed wrists. Imhotep starts chanting from the Book, his voice loud over the explosions coming from what seems like the next room.

A black mist rises from a dark, oily pool in the center of the chamber. "Crap," Jared whispers, struggling even harder as the mist passes through the remaining canopic jars and towards him. It moves through him, chilling his bones, then settles into the mummified Anck-su-namun.

She moves, shrieks soundlessly, and Jared shrieks loudly in response when he looks up to see Imhotep holding a dagger over him, about to plunge it into his heart.

"I found the book!" someone yells. Imhotep freezes, and Jared looks over to see Chad standing by the entrance to the room holding a golden book aloft.

"Open it!" Jared yells as Imhotep stalks away, heading for Chad. "You have to find the inscription that will kill him!"

"I can't! It's locked! I need a key!"

"It's in his robes!"

Chad shrieks at the sight of Imhotep heading towards him and flees the room. Jared sighs. That's when Jensen turns up, waving a sword, and he easily slices through the bonds holding one of Jared's wrists. The mummies surrounding the altar groan and shuffle towards him, and Jared watches in awe as Jensen hacks and slashes at them, heads and arms going flying. He tries to untie the rope holding his other wrist, but it's useless, and all he can do is kick and punch the mummies who get too close. Suddenly, he notices a glint in the corner of his eye; Imhotep laid his dagger down on the altar, and it's so close that Jared can almost reach it.

Once the mummies are dispatched, Jensen turns to him and grins. "Mummies!" he says happily, raising the sword to cut through the remaining ropes holding Jared down. He's just about to swing it when something grabs his feet and he falls down in a heap. Jared watches helplessly as the top half of a mummy holds his legs and another holds his arms. A third mummy approaches slowly, holding a giant rock, and Jensen is only just able to grab the sword again and cut the legs off it before it drops the rock on him.

"Finally," Jared sighs as Jensen frees him.

"I coulda left you there, you know," Jensen says. "You looked pretty good all tied down and helpless."

Jared hits him across the back of the head. "Time and a place, man."

They turn to go after Chad, but standing in the way are a newly-arrived troop of mummies, these ones equipped with swords and armor.

"Awesome," Jensen says, stepping in front of Jared as they back away. "Because my day couldn't get worse."

"Chad!" Jared yells. "What did you do?"

"I don't know!" Chad cries, coming back into the room. "I just read something from the cover!"

"Fix it!"

"How?"

"You should be able to control them, keep reading the inscription!" Jared really, really hopes that what he is saying is true. These guys aren't the shuffling, decrepit mummies Jensen had defeated so easily; these guys are stalking them. He and Jensen keep backing away, and suddenly someone grabs Jared from behind, yanking him away.

"Hey!" Jensen yells, but that's when Imhotep shouts a command to the soldier mummies, who promptly rush Jensen.

"I'm okay!" Jared yells, running as fast as he can from the frenzied Anck-su-namun, wielding Imhotep's sacrificial dagger. He hears Jensen bellow a war-cry, but it's followed up by the much more bone-chilling and impressive roar of the soldiers as they attack. Jared can't think about that now, though, because Anck-su-namun is determined to take him out. He manages to dodge her blows, ducking and weaving around pillars, listening to the clanging and shrieking of Jensen's battle with the soldiers.

"Hurry up, Chad!" he yells as he ducks to avoid a slash to the neck. He grabs her, trying to shake the dagger out of her hands, but she's unnaturally strong, easily overpowering and slashing at him.

"I can't figure out this last symbol!" Chad's plaintive voice echoes through the chamber.

"What does it look like?" Jared shouts back, on the run again.

"A bird! Some kind of stork, I think!"

Anck-su-namun grabs Jared around the throat, trying to choke him. "A—it's—Ahmenophus!"

"Oh, yeah," Chad says thoughtfully. "Hootash im Ahmenophus!"

The sounds of battle cease, and Jared can hear Imhotep yelling uselessly at the soldiers. Chad shouts something to them, and Anck-su-namun freezes, turning in horror to see the soldiers coming towards her.

Jared takes the opportunity to flee; he doesn't need to be here for Anck-su-namun's death. He hears her shriek as the soldiers cut her to pieces.

Imhotep has Chad by the neck, holding him up against the wall. Jared rushes to help, but Jensen's already there, cutting Imhotep's arm off. He doesn't bleed; the wound dries up into a lump of desiccated flesh, and Imhotep drops Chad, turning his attention to Jensen.

"Oh, crap," Jensen says, and Imhotep grabs him, throwing him across the room. Jared winces as Jensen hits the wall and tumbles to the ground, but Jensen's up and fighting again moments later as Imhotep sticks his arm back on and goes to finish him off.

"I got the key, Jared!" Chad calls triumphantly. Jared tries not to let the fight between Jensen and Imhotep—a losing battle, if ever he saw one—distract him, so he yells, "Keep him occupied!" as he rushes over to Chad and slips the key into the lock on the golden book.

"No problem!" Jensen replies, groaning when Imhotep throws him against another wall.

"Come on, come on," Chad says as Jared opens the book, hunting desperately for the right incantation.

"Not helping!"

Across the room, Imhotep is holding Jensen by the throat, slowly but surely choking him, and Jared's fingers shake as they trace over the symbols, searching desperately for the right one.

"I've got it!" he finally yells triumphantly. "Kadeesh mal! Kadeesh mal! Pared oos! PARED OOS!" He looks at Imhotep and grins when he looks at Jared in horror. Imhotep drops Jensen, who crumples to a heap on the floor.

A swirling, black vortex appears at the top of the stairs, and a strong wind whistles through the chamber. From the vortex, a chariot appears with four horses made of black mist. It thunders down the stairs, charging towards Imhotep, who wails as it passes through him, dragging a shadow from him and back into the vortex. He falls to his knees, and Jared holds his breath.

Jensen gets to his feet, picking up his sword. "He's not dead, Jared. You said it would kill him!" Imhotep stalks towards him, a small smile on his face, and Jensen runs him through easily. Imhotep looks surprised, confused, and Jared grins.

"It killed the immortal part of him. He can die now."

Imhotep staggers backwards, falling into the pool. The thick, oily liquid washes over him, and as they watch, Imhotep becomes once again a rotted corpse, twisted and snarling. Just before he slips beneath the surface, he hisses something.

"Death is only the beginning," Jared whispers, staring at the pool.

"Thank God, it's finally over," Jensen says softly, and Jared nods.

That's when the ceiling begins to cave in.

"You have got to be kidding!" Chad wails.

"Time to go!" Jensen says firmly, and they flee the room, the floor shaking and the walls cracking around them. Chad trips and falls, and the Book of Amun-Ra falls from his grasp, sliding into the pool. Jared can't believe it.

"You dropped the book! The Golden Book of Amun-Ra! Chad!" He rushes back to where Chad is and is about to dive into the pool to rescue it, but Jensen grabs him by the collar of his shirt and pulls him back.

"It's just a book, come on!"

Jared feels like no one really understands the significance of that book, but the ceiling is collapsing around him, so he runs. They race through a massive chamber piled high with more treasure than Jared can imagine ever seeing, but he hardly sees it; the only thing on his mind right now is getting out through the tunnel on the other side of the room, which is rapidly becoming smaller.

"Can't we—" Chad starts.

"No!" Jared and Jensen both yell, grabbing his hands and pulling him along. They crawl through the tunnel almost on their bellies, and only just make it out before the ceiling becomes too low to even slide through.

"Wait for me!" Jared hears from behind them, and he turns to see Jensen offering a hand to Albie, who's frantically wriggling his way through the tunnel. He's not going to make it though, and Jared cringes as the tunnel closes up.

"Goodbye, Albie," Jensen says, pausing for a moment before joining Jared and Chad as they flee the city. Behind them, buildings collapse, pillars fall over, and it's a chaotic scramble to reach the city limits, where they find an unexpected group of camels.

"Where did they come from?" Jared asks.

"Beats me," Jensen says. "But they're going to be useful."

"And does anyone know why the entire place collapsed like that?" Chad asks. "It was fucking random, am I right?"

"I have no idea," Jared says. "Although... I have to say, I'm relieved. I'd hate for anyone else to go poking around in there and accidentally waking up undead mummies who want to destroy the world."

"Please don't do that ever again," Jensen says.

"I'll try." Jared smiles at Jensen.

They're watching the collapse of the city in silence when Chad shrieks, startling Jared so badly that he screams a little, too. They all turn to see Krushnic sitting on a camel, grinning at them.

"Thank you, thank you very much!" Chad says sarcastically. He sits down on the ground and breathes deeply, and Jared can't help laughing at him.

"Thank you," Krushnic says quietly. "You have my gratitude, as well as that of the Medjai."

Chad waves a hand. "Oh, that was nothing."

Krushnic bows his head to them and rides off. "He's just leaving us here," Chad sighs. "This is awesome."

"We're alive," Jared points out.

"And empty-handed. All this work ,and we don't even get to take something home with us!"

"Dunno about that," Jensen says in Jared's ear, his arms wrapping around Jared's waist. Jared turns in his grasp and smiles down at him, leaning in for a kiss.

"Oh, for God's sake," Chad groans, going over to the camels so he doesn't have to watch. Jared ignores him, concentrating on the soft press of Jensen's lips, the warmth of his hands, and the joy of having made it out alive.