ALL FOUR - MMMF MF

[woman organizes a cum party for herself and 3 guys, with hubby cumming along later.]

I'd been chatting with these guys on the internet and we'd arranged to meet one afternoon. They knew what I wanted and I was sure they would be good for my plan. You see I'm a hot and horny housewife who dreams all day about sex. I get so horny I use up all the batteries in my vibrators and tire myself out using my dildos. But I still have this urge to orgasm, over and over again. I told the guys about my desires and they said they'd all be happy to make me cum many times while we were chatting. My webcam was tired too! But I couldn't get enough of watching them stroking their nice hard cocks and seeing their hot cum spurting out for me. I wasn't sure that three guys would be enough for my plan, but then I always had my everso horny hubby to carry on when they'd gone.

Anyway, that afternoon, I was ready for the guys to visit. I was so unbelievably horny because I'd been stubborn and refused to give in to the ache in my pussy that morning. It meant that I was dripping juices like crazy and it was pointless wearing panties. I knew from what I'd discussed with the guys that it was probably pointless wearing anything, but I did have to open the door to them. So I wore a short, thin, silky gown that just about covered my butt.

They arrived one at a time, precisely at 5 minute intervals as I'd told them. I was amazed that they did all look as good in real life as they did on webcam. Nothing artificial about these guys. When they were all there, I took them up into the main bedroom, where I had everything ready. There were three videocams and microphones everywhere. I just turned all the equipment on while I told the guys to undress. I sat on the bed in my gown watching eagerly as the first cock came into view. It was big - it seemed even bigger than on the webcam, but firm already. And so it was with the other two guys. Nice big hard cocks looking juicy and ready for me.

I slipped out of my gown and let them look at me naked. They'd all seen me naked on their webcams, of course, but their eyes showed their approval.

"Now there's no need for preliminaries, guys," I giggled. I'm so wet you wouldn't believe. I want you inside me right now. You know the drill. Here's the glass for your first orgasms. Then you can fill up my pussy."

The one called James said incredulously, "You want us to wank off first into that glass?"

"Oh no. I thought you realized that my pussy needs cock - lots of it and right now. It's just that the first lot of your cum will be huge and I want to save that into a glass for later. After the first time, you can cum into my pussy as many times as you like. Now I'm just going to call hubby and tell him when to be home. We'll have about an hour. OK ?"

The three guys and their cocks nodded eagerly. I reached for the phone, bringing them all close to me so I could admire their hard cocks while I spoke to hubby.

"Hi darling," I cooed when he answered my call. "Are you still intending to be home at 4 as you promised?" 

I made my voice sounded sexy and I got the right response. I switched on the speaker so the guys could hear hubby.

"I've been waiting for your call. My cock's so hard thinking about you and that sweet pussy. Have you been playing with it today?"

"No, darling," I murmured, "not so far. But I'm really hot for you."

"Mmmmm," he groaned, "Are you going to play with it now for me?"

"I have something better," I giggled, lying back on the bed with my legs spread. 

I indicated to the guy called James that he should be the first. He clambered up between my legs, his gorgeous cock pointed straight at my wet and noq very achy pussy.

"Your big black dildo?" hubby asked.

"Uh huh, Something like that. Go on, darling, talk to me and make me cum," I moaned.

James aimed his cock towards my pussy, rose up on his hands and slowly slid his magnificent shaft into my wet sheath. I groaned noisily.

"Have you put it inside you?" murmured hubby, obviously stroking his cock in his private office.

"Yes, darling, it's gone in nice and deep. And it's sooooo big. Mmmmmmm."

James had sunk his cock fully into me in one long slow push and it really did feel good. 

"It won't take me long to cum, darling. How about you?" I inquired, my voice full of lust and desire.

"Your voice always gets me there so quickly," he replied.

The other two guys smiled, stroking their cocks slowly while they watched James start to thrust gently into me. They knew I didn't want anything fast.

"Oh, baby," I cooed, feeling that long-awaited orgasm suddenly rushing up on me.

"You're cumming already?" hubby cried, disbelieving.

"That big thing is so good inside me, I can't stop it. Here...."

I exploded into a huge orgasm, almost squeezing James and his big cock out of my pussy. I cried and squealed as his gentle thrusting drew out my massive orgasm.

We all heard hubby cry out himself as he obviously exploded too, turned on by the sound of my orgasm.

"That was amazing," he said eventually. "I had such a big cum. You did too, I gathered."

"Yes, darling," I purred, "that really was amazing. Now I'll let you get back to work as I've a few things to finish off here. See you soon."

I put down the phone and pulled James against me tightly. 

"That was fabulous, James," as he renewed his gentle thrusting. "Now remember to pull and spurt into that glass the first time."

James nodded and resumed enjoying me with all the gentleness I had insisted on. I was soon ready to cum again - and I did cum and hard, and then again, before he indicated that he was ready. I could feel his cock pulsating inside me, but I knew there would be more. He pulled it out, dripping with my cum juices and was quickly replaced at my pussy by John, whose cock was shorter but much fatter. As John started thrusting into me, we all watched as James grunted loudly and then shot a big load of cum into the glass in several huge spurts.

There were cries of appreciation from the other two, then a louder cry from John as his cock started to throb alarmingly, deep in my pussy. I hadn't had time to cum with him, but he was obviously extremely horny.

He very quickly pulled out his cock and it had already started to spurt as he moved quickly to take the glass from James. I couldn't believe it as I watched him shoot an enormous load of cum into the glass on top James' emission. 

Immediately I was treated to the longest cock I've ever had, stuck into my soaking pussy like a spear by David. His cock penetrated me further than anyone else had ever done - it was incredible. I came immediately with a wail of delight as the head of his cock pushed into my cervix. My orgasm just seemed to continue on and on as my body grabbed onto his cock and wouldn't let go. All his thrusting just seemed to drive my orgasm onwards. It was immensely pleasurable.

He grunted, then cried, "Let me out! I'm going to cum!"

Without realizing it, I'd been holding his cock deep inside my pussy while I enjoyed my orgasm. Now his own orgasm was imminent and he remembered my desires, rather than his own pleasure. As he dragged his cock very reluctantly from my clinging pussy, I was sure I'd made the right choice with these three guys. David grabbed the glass from John, who was staring glassy-eyed at me, fondling his still hard cock. David's cocked bucked crazily in his hand as it pumped the third load of male cum into that glass. It looked almost half-full - just what I hoped.

Before I had time to do or say anything, James was back at my pussy, his hard-again cock stuffed in balls deep and thrusting deliciously. I was expecting him to last longer this time. Sure enough, I could feel him relax and just thrust insistently into me, hard and deep. He was there for the long-term I hoped as I started on my first multi-orgasm ride.

I lost count of how many or what was happening, once I started to cum. I just let the feelings hit me and all the while James was pumping his cock into me in an almost mesmerizing rhythm. Finally, he called through my haze of orgasms that he was about to cum. I just grabbed his arms and pulled him close, wanting him to unload his second orgasm really deep inside me. He groaned loudly and did precisely that. His cock pulsed hard in my pussy and I felt a warmth spread throughout my insides. He withdrew after a few seconds to be instantly replaced by John.

Words became unnecessary as from then on the four of us worked as a team. My orgasms flowed in regular and sometimes spectacular fashion, causing me once to push David out of me during his third attack on my pussy as I went so wild, he couldn't stay inside me. But he was back as soon as I had recovered enough to accept him back. And then on it went again - one guy after the other - in..out..in..out. It seemed that none of them wanted to stop. Once they'd orgasmed themselves, they watched and fondled me while one of the others was filling my pussy.

I was soon totally delirious with pleasure. I'd never had so many orgasms or seen and felt guys having so many orgasms. I think David eventually had five whereas the other two managed four comfortably before I called time. I was absolutely exhausted, my pussy was overflowing with a mix of their cum and my juices. My tits were covered with cum because David spurted all over me on his third orgasm - not planned, but I was too far gone to say anything. 

Then for the finale, I asked James to get the glass and pour their first cum loads all over me, starting on my face and all the way down my pussy. The cum had cooled but it was still an amazing sensation. I knew the video would be a complete blast for my husband and our friends. But now I knew that I wanted to repeat this exercise with these guys again and again.

I let them leave me on the bed, covered in cum. They left just in time before my husband arrived home. He was surprised but instantly aroused when he saw my cum-soaked body. The next few days were spent just having the most incredible sex ever, while watching the video or talking about it.

THE END

[Anyone with any comments, or ladies/girls who would like to chat with me, please contact me on rockyhard4uc@gmail.com - I would love to hear what you think about my stories. Thank you.]
