Gabby And The Black Hills
by Lostwalker2000

Gabby's Exhibitionist Adventures.

I have told some of these stories to others, and figured I would start posting them on the this site. When I was much younger I was stationed in South Dakota and that is where I met, we will call her Gabby. Gabby was 18 when I met her and had just graduated from a Christian High School. Yes what they say about Christian school girls is very true; she was a closet submissive and exhibitionist. Basically, Gabby was a 100lb blond haired and blue eyed slut in the making.

We would drive up into the Black Hills in the summer time; she loved to wear short thin sun dresses with straps along the shoulders. Gabby stood about 5'-6", she had small A sized tits, great legs and an even better ass. Up in the Black Hills we would walk the trails, see the sites and have picnics. I eventually talked her into leaving her bra and panties in the car while we went on our walks.

It was South Dakota, so there were never a lot of people around. Gabby would walk in front of me at times lifting the back of her dress up and giggling, sometimes she would do a little spin. A lot of times we would just walk side-by-side with my hand under her dress and on her ass.

When we would get to the viewing stations, these stations are all over the place and normally are raised and decked to allow people to walk out and get good views of Mount Rushmore and other hills. These locations had the most chance of some people being around. This was the best areas to show off my little slut and she loved the thrill of it. I would put some change into the viewer and have her look through it.

As Gabby was looking into the viewer, I would stand behind her and start running my hands across her ass, slowly lifting the back of her dress higher and higher, until I was massaging her lower back. Then I would slide my hands around to her stomach, up to her small perky tits and sensitive nipples. She would be wiggling and breathing pretty hard by then, with her thin sundress lifted above her waist and her legs spread to about shoulder length. By the time I finally slid a hand down to her pussy it would be dripping wet. I would slightly rub over her clit and along her slit, teasing her as much as possible before sliding a finger inside her. I always made sure to tell her just how wet her pussy was, right before I slide my finger inside her tight little pussy.

At this point her sundress would be bunched tight above her tits. She would be leaning against the railing of the viewing station, with her hips pushed out and her legs wide. She was moaning softly as two of my fingers pumped in and out of her slurping pussy. Sometimes I would whisper in her ear asking her if she liked it, like being nearly naked out where anyone could see her getting her pussy fingered. She would cum the hardest when I told her what she was doing and that she enjoyed it, basically telling her she was being a slut.

Other times at the viewing stations I would position Gabby on her knees, against railing, but facing away from the rail. I would unzip my pants and have her suck my cock. Gabby liked this less, as I think she found it more humiliating and the fear of getting in more trouble if we did get caught. But I would always take my time and make sure that if anyone was actually watching, they would have a great view of her. I always used her name when telling her what a good cocksucker she was. It would make her face turn even redder and sometimes she would look around to make sure no one heard me say that Gabby was sucking cock. I think it made it more real for her. By about the halfway point of each blowjob, her tits had to be out and in full view. It gave her encouragement and besides what true slut doesn't suck cock with her tits out for all to see. Gabby didn't like me cumming in her mouth, there is a later story for that, so I would cum on her tits and then I would have her lick the remaining cum off my cock. Walking back to the car was always interesting after that.

Sometimes there would be people at the viewing stations, most the time never more than three groups of people. When this happened we would either wait or move to another station. Sometimes when we stayed, I would tease her a bit out of direct site of the others. I would slide up behind her when she was standing against the rail and slide my hand under her dress to lightly rub her pussy or I would run a hand up her leg and rest it on her ass, under the dress.

One time however, as Gabby just started looking through the viewer, an older guy in his mid 40s was walking up the trail. He had that mix of bird watcher and perverted old neighbor look to him. I kind of watched him as he was getting closer, he noticed us and slowed his walked then stopped before getting to close to the deck of the station. He didn't say anything; he was just "bird watching". I figured he had an idea or hope what was going on, but I took it slow just in case. I moved my hand to Gabby's lower back, massaging it slowly from outside her dress. The guy hadn't moved or said anything, he was just trying to watch, without blatantly acting like it. So I moved my hand down to Gabby's ass, massaging and squeezing her cheeks through the dress. I think Gabby was starting to wonder why I was going so slow, as she pushed her ass out a little and started to wiggle it. I gave her a light playful swat as a reward. Still the guy hadn't made any actions.

That was when I decided he wasn't going to cause trouble or report us, he was just hoping to see a show. I stepped to the side and slowly slid Gabby's dress up, giving the guy a great view of her nineteen year old ass. He was still a good fifty feet away, but I think his eyes got a bit bigger and he did smile and nod his approval. I quickly put a few more coins in the viewing machine, couldn't have it turning off early. Then I went back to working on Gabby's ass. I had her bend over a much as I could while still allowing her to look through the viewer. I continued to stand to the side; I didn't want to block the guy's show, and started spreading her ass cheeks, rubbing them, and wiggling them. Gabby, unknowingly had the guy's complete attention. So I whispered in her ear and told her to wiggle that ass for me. This was way before all the twerking that girls do now, so it wasn't that, it was just a sexy nineteen year old ass wiggling like a red flag in front of a bull. I did slap her ass a few times for additional encouragement. At one point I even said her name loud enough for the other guy to hear it, move that sexy ass Gabby.

At this point the guy was still about fifty feet back; maybe about thirty feet back from the station deck, so I motioned for him to move closer. He quietly move to just before the deck, as stepping on the deck would have made noise and vibrations. So now the guy was standing about twenty feet directly behind Gabby. Gabby had her dress up around her lower back, her legs spread wide, with her ass pushed towards the guy and her back arched. It was time to really show off Gabby's skills. I ran my hand under her stomach and down to her pussy and started to rub her clit, my other hand was pulling on her left ass cheek to give the guy the best view possible.

I wanted to push it a little farther so I said, Gabby your little pussy is so wet, she just moaned in reply. It was true of course, but I had said it for the guy's benefit. I continued to play with her clit and pussy slit from under her belly, while spreading her left ass cheek. Then I had Gabby grab and spread her right cheek with her free hand, this way she was offering the stranger the best view possible. I started to slide just the tip of my finger into her pussy, and then started to spread her pussy lips with my fingers. Gabby was full on moaning and dripping by then. I whispered to Gabby to tell me what she wanted me to do next. She froze for a minute, then I whispered, tell me you want me to finger you. She stopped for another second then stammered quietly, finger me. Finger what I asked back at a whisper, I slid the tip of my finger back in for encouragement. She shivered as more goosebumps appeared on her cute ass, finger my pussy she replied quietly. What was that, I asked, I didn't hear you? Finger my pussy, she all but moaned.

One more time Gabby, your pussy is so wet, as my finger rubbed her clit and sunk into her hole at the same time. Finger.. My.. Pussy she clearly moaned this time. Good girl, I told her, sliding my finger all the way into her wet hungry hole, slapping her ass with my other hand. Gabby was bucking wildly as I added the second finger into her pussy, there was wet, slurp, slapping sounds along with her moans as my fingers pumped in and out. I would stop from time to time, taking my fingers out and spreading her pussy wide. Each time I would make her tell me what she wanted before going back to finger fucking her pussy. Each time after the first, she was more than happy to tell me to finger her pussy. It may sound like a long time and it seemed long at the time, but maybe ten minutes had passed from when I started fingering Gabby's pussy. She was getting close to cumming, her juices were running down my arm and making a puddle on the deck. Her dress was all the way up to her neck, I was taking time to play with her tits with my free hand, when not spreading her ass and pussy with it. I whispered to her, tell me when you are about to cum and when you do cum, I want to hear you say it. She just moaned and nodded, she was lost in the pleasure at this point. I gave her a slap on the ass a couple of times to remind her, Gabby I want to hear you.

Breathing hard, in-between gasps she said, Don't stop.. don't stop. Why Gabby, I asked with a sheepish grin, looking back to the guy that was still standing just before the deck, watching. I'm.. about.. oh god.. oh. I'm.. I'm cumming.. she bucked her hips back on my fingers keeping them deep inside her. Oh.. I'm cumming.. she shivered as a wave of goosebumps ran down her legs and across her ass. Good girl Gabby, good girl, I praised as I made sure to spread her ass cheek wide with my free hand. After a few second Gabby slide off my fingers, slowly wilting while holding onto the railing for support. She was fully spent and exhausted. I made sure she continued to face out into the hillside, away from our happy watcher. I whispered in her ear for a time asking if she enjoyed herself. She had, but asked why I had changed things up. I told her that change keeps things interesting and I like it when she talked dirty about what she wanted. By the time we turned around to leave our "bird watcher" was long gone. I never heard nor saw the guy again, but I am sure it was as memorable for him as it was for me.

