Summary: A country girl by the name of Jennie Marie talks about the effectiveness and characteristics of a "country style" switching.
Keywords: F/M, F/F, spank, femdom
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Country Style Switching

	Story: A Country-Style Switching (F/F, F/M)

	Of all the different types of discipline used in the country, a good 
switching probably ranks at the top.  Switches are easy to use, and 
are very effective tools of punishment.  

	What are the characteristics of a country-style switching?  I asked 
Jennie Marie, a country girl well qualified to answer that question.  
She said, "A country-style switchin' just goes on and on and on, and 
seems like it will never end."  Jennie Marie says that she has been 
on the receiving end of country style switchings "many a time", and 
she also has watched some other boys and girls get it.  

	When Jennie Marie was in her teens, she was raised by a friend of 
her family by the name of Annie.  Jennie would spend most of the year 
at Annie's place, visiting her parents only during the holidays.  
Annie raised several other teen-agers in her household, and kept a 
very tight rein on them all with a generous supply of discipline.

	"Switches were all that Annie ever used," Jennie noted.  "Annie 
never slapped us or anything like that.  It was always pants down for 
a country-style switchin'."

	I asked Jennie Marie to describe the switchings that Annie would 
administer.

	"When we were bad, Annie would say, 'Go cut two switches... And they 
had better be good ones.'  God, how I hated that, having to go out 
and cut some switches that would be used on me.  She always told me 
to get two switches in case she didn't like one of them or in case 
one of them would break during the switchin'.  Then I would have to 
give her the switches that I got.  Annie would then take me to the 
bedroom and tell me to pull my pants down (and my panties, too).  
That was when I would really start to get scared, when the 
inevitability of the switchin' would be unmistakable.  Annie would 
tie my hands to the bedpost in front of me so I couldn't reach back 
and try to protect my bottom during the switchin'.  When I was bent 
over, Annie would start to apply the switch, hard!  She would always 
inflict a fast-paced switchin', and once she started, it seemed like 
it was never going to end.  I would howl, beg, plead, and cry the 
whole time (and jump, too).  Now, it doesn't take much energy to make 
a switch really sting, but Annie put a lot into it.  She'd switch my 
bottom and my thighs without mercy.  I was always sore for a few days 
afterward."

	What about the others that got switchings?

	"I remember two most vividly.  Now, Annie never closed the bedroom 
door completely when she punished us.  Probably she wanted those she 
punished to be an example to the rest of us.  I don't know.  Anyway, 
sometimes the curiosity would be too much and some of us would sneak 
upstairs and peek inside the room where a girl was getting a 
switchin'.  Peggy really got it good once.  She was caught smoking 
outside.  She was so engrossed in it that she didn't hear Annie 
coming.  Anyway, she was promised a switching after dinner."

	What was it like?

	"Right after dinner Annie told Peggy that it was time for her 
punishment, and to go out and cut some switches.  I heard Peggy sigh 
and she went out to do what Annie told her to.  A few minutes later 
she came back in with two long switches.  She had smoothed the rough 
parts off of them and she handed them to Annie.  Annie then led her 
by the arm upstairs to prepare her.  I was so excited, 'cause I never 
watched anybody get it before.  So I tiptoed up to the room where 
Peggy was going to get her switchin', and peeked in."

	What did you see?

	"I saw Annie tying Peggy's hands together, at the corner of the bed, 
and then she tied the rope to the corner bedpost.  Peggy's pants were 
already down to her knees.  The switches were laying there on the 
bed.  When Annie was finished tying Peggy to the bed, she picked up a 
switch and stepped over to the side and started to switch Peggy's 
bottom.  Wow, did she ever switch hard!  I thought Annie would never 
stop switchin' that bare bottom.  She just kept on and on and on, 
with Peggy crying and promising to be good forever.  Anyway, Annie 
used that switch until Peggy's bottom and thighs were completely 
red."

	What about the other instance you remember?

	"That was in school.  There was this boy who was caught cheating on 
an assignment - that was a real bad thing to do at that school.  So 
the teacher, Miss Barbara, told him to stay after school that day.  
We all knew that he was going to get a switching from Miss Barbara.  
It was also well known that Miss Barbara always punished very 
severely.  Well, I wanted to see him get it, so I schemed to somehow 
stay and watch.  What I did was to hide in the cloakroom after 
school."

	That must have been exciting.

	"Yes, I was real nervous, 'cause if I got caught I knew I'd get it, 
too.  So after school, when I was hiding in the cloakroom, and the 
boy and Miss Barbara were in the classroom, I overheard what she was 
telling him.  Miss Barbara first scolded him for cheating on the 
assignment, and told him that he would have to be very severely 
punished.  Then she told him to go out and bring back a couple of 
switches.  Miss Barbara would watch from the window when a student 
was out getting the switches.  Well, he brought them back in and she 
told him to put them on her desk.  I wasn't watching yet, 'cause I 
didn't want to be seen.  I figured if I waited till he was gettin' 
the switchin' Miss Barbara would not see me."

	What happened then?

	"She told him to loosen up his trousers and bend over her desk.  
When he was bent over her desk, Miss Barbara told him that she 
expected him to stay in that position for his punishment, and that 
every time he either tried to protect his bottom with his hands or 
got up out of position, she would add five strokes of the switch to 
the twenty-five that she was going to give him.  She pulled down his 
pants just enough to bare his bottom before starting in on his 
switchin'."

	What was it like?

	"Like I said, Miss Barbara had a reputation for severe punishments, 
and this was no exception.  She used that switch like she really 
meant business, and I know she did.  She sure hit hard!  Miss Barbara 
would give him one hard stroke, wait for his squirmin' to quit, and 
then lay on the next one.  He did get out of position twice, so he 
had to bend over and take another ten strokes after his twenty five.  
I'd not have wanted to get a switchin' from Miss Barbara.  Those were 
definitely country style."

	Jennie Marie, what do you do now in your spare time?

	"I give country style switchin's to males that need it.  They pay me 
to switch their bare asses without mercy.  And I do."


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
