The Trailer Park: The Fourth Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 6

Nampa, Idaho, was not the most exciting town I'd ever seen, but then I wasn't there to sightsee. On Tuesday we polished off a team from Oregon. Oregon and Washington actually had two teams in the tournament, a Northen team and a Southern team. Ashley, Robbie and I celebrated with a dinner at the local Outback.

Wednesday we rolled over the team from Wyoming, and Thursday the host team from Nampa dropped into the loser's bracket. Friday we went international. Alberta's team at ten in the morning, then the team from Hawaii at six. Two games, two wins.

Saturday evening was shaping up into a grudge match. In the morning we had Alaska and then, if we didn't get beat, our team, representing Northern Washington, against the team from Southern Washington. The last two undefeated teams. The loser would still have a chance to come back through the loser's bracket and play in the final on Sunday.

I suited up in my motel room. This was the big day.

I tied my shoes and straightened. You couldn't pay me enough to miss this. I let myself out and walked down the hall to three twelve.

I knocked.

"Who is it?" a girl's voice called out.

"Golden Gate Escort Service!" I yelled, keeping my voice deep. "You need an escort?"

"What?" came a confused voice.

I knocked again.

"Who are..." The door opened. "What... ? how... ? what... ?"

"I think that's why I love you. Never at a loss for words." I grinned.

"How... ?"

I stepped in the door and pulled Tami into my arms, kissing her deeply.

"Tami, did you really think I'd miss this?"

"But I didn't tell..."

"Lady, you've been acting weird ever since you found out that the regional tournament was this weekend. You think I wouldn't get suspicious and ask questions?" I kissed her again, and winked at her mother sitting on the bed in the room.

"But you're in Idaho."

"I'm a man of many talents. Being in two places at once is just one of them."

"But..."

"Tami, I was in Idaho this morning. We beat Alaska by the way. Just after noon, I got on one of them thar flying contraptions, and now I'm here."

"But you have a game tonight."

"No. I have a date tonight. Besides, they won't let me wear my tux on the field." I let go of Tami, stepped back and twirled showing off my tuxedo. "And, I'd like to point out, I don't even like to wear a tie, so you better win tonight."

"God, I'm glad you're here," she said and melted into my arms again.

"... and thank you. This was a tough year for the judges. All the entries were excellent." the M.C. said, glancing down at his notes.

I wondered if any announcer anywhere had ever said it was an easy decision.

"One hundred and thirty-six articles were submitted to the panel by the editors of local papers. The panel managed to cull them down to the final eight, represented here tonight. These eight articles represent the very best of high school journalism in the western United States. The Bothwell foundation is proud of all of them. All of those final eight will be receiving a plaque and a brand new laptop from Compaq to make their future writing endeavors easier."

"That is cool," I whispered to Tami, who seemed to be in shock.

"The second runner-up, and winner of a five hundred dollar scholarship, from the Growl, at North Marion High School in Aurora, Oregon, Jerry Todd, for his article on dirty tricks in school politics." There was a lot of applause as a guy about seventeen or eighteen made his way to the podium. He was only wearing a suit, which made me feel special in my tux, even though it felt like the damn thing was trying to strangle me.

It took a couple of minutes for him to thank his writing teacher, his journalism teacher, and his editor and declare that his five hundred dollars would go toward a journalism major at Oregon State.

"The first runner-up, and winner of a twenty-five hundred dollar scholarship is very special. Of course all of our finalists are special; in fact all of our entrants are special. But this young lady is the youngest ever to be a finalist. In fact, she's the first freshman ever nominated. From the..."

"Tami," I said, shaking her. "He's talking about you."

... Washington, Tami Sharp, for her article on wife abuse."

Tami sat, staring at the podium. I reached over and pinched her side. She jumped, glared at me for a second, then stood to loud applause. She walked up to the podium in a daze, accepted her plaque, then faced the audience.

"I'd like to point out that I'm a sophomore now. Though I was a freshman when I wrote it. But right now, I feel like I'm back in the third grade, and have to give an oral report to the class."

The audience laughed, and that seemed to loosen up Tami.

"I'd like to thank four people tonight. Mr. Walker, my high school journalism teacher. Miss Kroeger, my middle school writing teacher, and my mom. They've all really helped me as I learned to write, or as I'm learning to write, I should say. Special thanks to my friend, Tony Sims, who encouraged me to write this and..."

'Don't do it, Tami, ' I thought.

"... who managed to get my article published after the school principal blocked it."

She did it.

"He even got suspended for his trouble. Without him, I wouldn't be here tonight. Thank you all."

Tami rushed off the little stage, and as she came back, I stood and gave her a hug.

It was my fault, of course. I'd never explained to Tami, that I wanted to keep it quiet about how her article got published. We were both so hyped about her taking second that we didn't even hear who beat her.

"Are you Tony Sims?"

"Yes," I answered automatically as I turned.

"Hi. I'm Roger Mahoney," a tall thin man introduced himself. "I'm with the San Francisco Examiner."

'Unh oh, ' I thought. "Glad to meet you," I said.

"I've read your friend's article. It was very well done. Especially for a freshman." The eight finalist articles were all in a little book the association had put together.

"She's very talented," I agreed.

"So I understand you had a little trouble getting published."

"Mostly a misunderstanding," I said, trying to minimize it.

"You got suspended. Sounds like more than a misunderstanding."

"Ancient history."

Mahoney grinned. "Obviously you don't want to talk about it. Afraid of more trouble?"

I sighed. "Sit down and I'll tell you a fairy tale." Mahoney sat and I told him about school, Parker, and the article. And about Mr. Mulino who would get caught in the middle. "So if you want to write an article, write about Tami."

Mahoney smiled, but didn't commit himself. We chatted for a couple of minutes. It turned out he'd read the article in People and recognized me from that, too. So I told him all about Robbie and the real story of the fire.

"Now what?" Tami asked as we walked to the elevator, her mom trailing behind.

"Well first, I tell you for the three hundred and seventy-second time just how good you look in that dress." Actually, it was more of a gown. Low cut in the front without a hint of suspension that I could see. It was a pale blue with white highlights. Tami looked like she was ready for a trip to the Oscars.

"Then we figure out how to get rid of your mom for a couple of hours."

"Not happening," her mom said as she joined us on the elevator.

"Then at eleven thirty, I get on another big silver bird and fly back to Idaho." I checked, and we'd beaten Southern Washington, so we were in the championship game.

"You have to go back?"

"Afraid so. They can't win more than one game without me, you know." We got off the elevator and headed down the hall.

Tami pouted. "I'm sorry you came all this way and missed your game, and I didn't win."

"Tamarone Sharp, that's ridiculous. I didn't fly to San Francisco to see you win. I came to be with you. And I've played ninety-three games this year, and missed one. That's not bad. And for the record, you may not have won the Bothwell Award, but you came in second out of the Western half of the country. And confidentially, that's a lot tougher competition than the eastern half. And you were the first freshman ever nominated.

"Lady, if you want to whine, do it around somebody else."

Tami looked surprised.

So did her mother. "You know, I feel like taking a walk," she announced. "I'll be back in an hour or so."

Tami looked even more surprised as she watched her mother disappear down the hall toward the elevators.

Tami looked at me. "I..."

I grinned. "Would you get that door open. She gave us an hour and it's going to take me half that to figure out how to get you out of that contraption."


Chapter 7

"They probably all hate me."

It was a beautiful night. The sky was clear, and every star in the galaxy was twinkling at full power. It was cool after the rain. I'd gotten back from Nampa yesterday, but a heavy rain had kept me from my ritual walk with Tami. The rain finally let up this afternoon, and now the night was perfect.

I squeezed Tami's hand. "Who hates you?"

"Everybody."

"Every-who?"

"Your team. You lost."

"We sure did. But why would they hate you?"

"I took you away."

"Tami, love of my life, you're being an idiot." Tami glared at me out of the corner of her eye. I squeezed her hand again. "Worse, you're being insecure and feeling sorry for yourself, and it doesn't become you."

"I..."

"Quiet! I am speaking," I said pompously. She giggled, which I took as a good sign. "We not only lost, we went down in flames. But it had absolutely nothing to do with you."

"But, I..."

"Fact: if our team couldn't win without me, then they didn't deserve to be regional champions. Fact: the game I missed, we won. I got back in plenty of time for the two games on Sunday, and those are the ones we blew. Fact: we lost because in the first game, we had two hits. That's out of the whole team, and even if you hexed me, how do you explain everybody else? Even Robbie couldn't get a hit. Fact: the team made more errors in the first game than in the whole tournament. What do you have to do with that?"

"Nothing I guess."

"Nothing is right. And even if my going to San Francisco in the middle of the tournament jinxed us, you didn't ask me to go. Hell, you didn't even tell me about it. I had to worm it out of your mother. I decided to go. I decided what was important. Comprende?"

Tami gave me a half smile. "Yeah."

"Besides, as I see it, we're not losers, we're the second best team in seven states and two provinces. Just like you're the second best reporter in the Western U.S. Figure it gives us both something to work for."

Tami grinned and nodded.

"And anyway, now the team from Montana has to go to Texas in the middle of August, not us. We can just relax and kick back and enjoy the rest of the summer."

"Can I talk to you?" Ashley asked, coming out of the kitchen.

"Sure. Where's Robbie?"

"She felt the need to check on the chickens." Robbie's dad had decided that he wanted to keep some chickens for fresh eggs, so built a coop out behind the house.

I'd been sitting on the sofa watching General Hospital with Robbie when she'd gone to the kitchen for some drinks. I admit it. I'd gotten hooked, but I only watched every couple of weeks. That was enough to keep current.

"I thought she was getting drinks?"

"She was, but I came in the back, and we talked."

"And now she's chicken girl."

Ashley nodded.

"You can sit down, you know."

"I..."

I thought about pulling her onto my lap, but we hadn't fooled around since she and Robbie started whatever they started.

"Take a breath and talk. We're friends. You can tell me anything." I waited, but Ashley didn't say anything. "Well almost anything. Don't tell me I have big ears. I'd hate that."

Ashley smiled and moved to the end of the sofa and sat down.

"Robbie told me what you did?"

I smiled. "That could be a good thing, or a bad thing. Depending on which thing I did that she told you about."

"On the fourth. You know."

"Oh. When I got so caught up in my soap that I totally forgot about the two hot naked women waiting for me upstairs."

Ashley sighed. "No, when you gave me a chance to do something that I'd thought... that I'd fantasized about for a long time."

"Nah. I just forgot."

"Tony, somehow, I doubt you ever forgot about any girl. You were being sweet."

"Don't let it get around. My rep, you know."

"Thank you." She scooted over and kissed me lightly on the cheek.

"You can do better than that." I picked her up and lifted her onto my lap. Then I kissed her, no tongue but long and hard. Her breath tasted pepperminty. "I've missed that," I said when we finished.

"Wow!"

"Thank you," I said, grinning. I cuddled with her. "Was it everything you dreamed?"

"More." She knew I was talking about her and Robbie, not our kiss. "And less. Want the details?"

Oh, God, yes. "Not really." I am such a liar.

Ashley grinned. "Yes, you do. And someday, I'm going to get you naked on a bed, just the two of us, and tell you."

Damn, I love my life.

"Then, I'm gonna lose my cherry."

My heart stopped beating. Three, maybe four beats. Then it started again. "What?"

"Robbie and I talked about it. We think, when I'm ready, you should be the one."

I remembered when Robbie had said almost the same thing. "But I thought... ?"

"That I was a lez?"

"No, that you were in love with Robbie?"

"I was, I am. At least I think I am. But she's not in love with me. She's in love with... She's not in love with me."

"But you two..." I stammered. Then I thought, 'Robbie's in love? Who the hell is Robbie in love with?'

"We have fun. Let's just leave it at that."

"Okay."

"Unless you want to join us for real? Robbie's got a big bed."

"I don't think so."

Why did I spend so much time, talking myself out of sex? It wasn't natural.

I was sitting on a tall stool, mike in hand. Toby Reyes started in on the piano. I listened to the first eight bars, then the spot came up, centered on me.

"I don't like to sleep alone,

stay with me, don't go.

Talk with me, for just awhile.

So much of you, to get to know."

Sally Reyes, Toby's sister, came in softly with a single snare drum and cymbol.

"Reaching out, touching you.

Leaving all my worries, far behind.

Lovin' you, the way I do,

My mouth on yours, and yours on mine."

Tami was sitting in the front row, and I stepped off the low stage and up to her, talking her hand.

"Marry me. Or let me live with you.

Nothing's wrong, when love is right.

Like the man said, in his song,

Help me make it through the night."

"Loneliness, can get you down,

when you get to thinking, no one cares.

Lean on me, and I'll lean on you.

Together we will see it through."

I let go of Tami and went back to the center of the stage.

"I don't like to sleep alone.

It's sad to think that some folks do."

"No, I don't like to sleep alone.

No one does, do you?"

"I don't like to sleep alone.

No one does, do you?"

I took a quick bow, and got the hell out of Dodge. The Paul Anka song was a good one, but I still wasn't sure it wouldn't get me lynched.

Robbie was next. She belted out Dolly Parton's 'I Will Always Love You' in a voice that Dolly would have been proud of and a style somewhere in between Parton's original arrangement and Whitney Houston's more modern one.

You didn't need an applause meter to know who won that one.

Paul Walker's garage band did a number, then the high school swing choir. Then Robbie and I were back, this time with a duet. Robbie had put together a small group to back us. Sally and Toby Reyes, with Chad Davis on guitar. She called them Unrehearsed.

I started on my own.

"Wrote my whole life down in a notebook,

songs about you and me."

Then Chad came in softly.

"Been singin' to every soul in Tennessee."

Toby and Sally joined in.

"Nobody seems to listen.

No one ever smiles the way that you do.

So, I guess you'll never hear me on the radio.

I'd give up this crazy dream of mine,

to hold you once more."

Robbie joined in on the chorus.

"Won't you meet me in Montana.

I want to see the mountains in your eyes.

I've had all of this life I can handle,

meet me underneath that big Montana sky."

Then it was Robbie's turn.

"I left home for Hollywood,

looking for a part to play.

Well, you always said, I had such a pretty face.

But I guess, I'm not that pretty,

cause no one looks at me, the way that you do."

Me again.

"Well, you'll always be a movie star to me."

Robbie.

"Darlin' now I guess it's time, I let go of that dream."

The two of us in harmony.

"Won't you meet me in Montana.

I want to see the mountains in your eyes.

I've had all of this life I can handle,

meet me underneath that big Montana sky.

Robbie.

"Well, we're stuck here in these hill that they call mountains,"

Me.

"Darlin, back home in your arms is right where I want to be."

Harmony.

"Won't you meet me in Montana.

I want to see the mountains in your eyes.

I've had all of this life I can handle,

meet me underneath that big Montana sky."

"In Montana

I want to see the mountains in your eyes.

I've had all of this life I can handle,

meet me underneath that big Montana sky."

The applause was almost as good as it was for Robbie's song. Somebody yelled encore, but I think it was Robbie's dad.

We got off the stage and mingled. The parent association was having a pre-school-year get together and asked Robbie to organize the entertainment.

I was standing to the side, talking to Sally and Toby.

"Mr. Sims."

Some sounds are just always associated with disaster. Mr. Parker' voice. My name with a mister in front of it.

"Mr. Parker." I said, turning around.

He had a sour look on his face; but then, without it, I might not have recognized him.

"That song was completely inappropriate for a teenaged boy. Especially for this meeting."

I smiled. "You're probably right." I turned back to Sally and Toby, making a mental note to thank Robbie for picking it.

"I'm talking to you."

"That's nice," I said without bothering to turn around.

"I said, I was talking to you," he said, putting his hand on my shoulder and turning me toward him. I noticed that several people were looking our way.

"I heard you. You're talking to me. But I'm trying to talk to my friends. You didn't like my song. Fine. That's your opinion, and you're entitled to it. Hell, the constitution even guarantees you the right to speak it. But I don't have to care." I turned back to the Reyes's.

"Mr. Sims, your attitude is going to get you in more trouble." He grabbed my shoulder again and spun me hard.

"Parker, this isn't school." I tried to shake his hand off, but he was squeezing hard. "I don't give a fuck what you think."

It was like somebody unplugged the sound system. Total silence.

"Mr. Sims, I've had about enough of your..."

"If you don't get your hand off my son, I'll take it off," My dad said in a soft voice.

"Mr. Sims, your son..."

"You may not hear well. Get your damn hand off my kid!"

Parker pulled his arm back like he'd been burned.

"Mr. Sims, his attitude..."

Dad stepped up and put his arm around my shoulder. "Parker, I haven't been in a fight in twenty years. Touch Tony again, and you and I will find out if I remember how."

"I was just..."

"You were just being a pompous asshole."

I couldn't believe my dad used that word.

"You told Tony you didn't like his song. He told you he didn't care. Was there anything else?"

"That song was totally inappropriate."

"Tony also told you, this isn't school. You don't get to decide what's appropriate. His mother and I will decide what's appropriate. Since this is Mrs. Keith's meeting, she can decide what's appropriate. Nobody really cares what you think."

Parker seemed shocked, but wasn't smart enough to quit when he was behind. "Did you hear his language?"

"Yeah, he showed more restraint than I would have."

"But I... lack of respect."

"I totally agree," Dad said, squeezing my shoulder. "And tomorrow, I'll take the day off and have a talk with your superintendent about the lack of respect you have for your students."

"This isn't about me. He..."

Dad held his hand up to stop him, then looked around. "Mrs. Keith, this was your meeting. Were you offended by any of the music?"

Mrs. Keith stepped forward, she was a dumpy middle aged woman. Her daughter was the captain of the cheerleaders, and probably the hottest girl in school, now that Alana had graduated. I wondered if she'd look like this in twenty years.

"I thought the music was great. Tony's song was touching."

I found out later that she made some comments to mom about my song being a little mature.

"It was inappropriate," Parker insisted.

"Bonny!" Tami's mom stepped up. "He was singing to your daughter. Were you offended?"

"My future son-in-law singing to my baby. There's nothing sweeter in the world."

"Parker, if you have anything to say to my son, ever, you'd better talk to me or my wife first."

"You don't have to take that tone..."

"Goodbye, Mr. Parker."

Parker glared for a second, then turned and walked toward the door.

"Thanks, Dad." I said. I was never so proud of him.

Dad let go of me and stepped in front, leaning forward until we were nose to nose. "If you ever use that word in public again," he said in a low voice, "I'll pull your pants down and paddle you right here."

"Yes, sir."

He started to turn away, then turned back, but not right in my face this time. "Unless you're talking to that asshole. I can only expect so much self-control."

I grinned and put my arm around him. "Mom wants to trade you in on a newer model, but I'm keeping you."


Chapter 8

"How the hell did you arrange this?" I asked, as I settled on the sofa.

"Well, I'd never lie to your mom, cause I know how you feel about that. But I may have given her the impression that several more guys and girls were going to be here." Robbie sat on my lap. She was wearing a pair of purple gym shorts, and that was all. "Oh, and I think I forgot to mention that Dad is back in Tennessee until Monday."

"Forgot to mention it?"

"I planned to, but it slipped my mind." Robbie leaned back against me.

"Too bad Tami couldn't come." She gone to Seattle with her mom to shop.

"Still thinking about your threesome," Robbie accused. "You had your chance, you chose a General Hospital instead."

"My life is a soap opera. I can relate."

Robbie started to sit up and say something, then relaxed. I enjoyed the feeling of her body resting against mine. "I chose today because I knew Tami was going to be gone. She knows. We talked about it."

"Oh." More soap opera.

We didn't talk much, just snuggled as we watched a movie on TV. My Best Friend's Wedding. I'd brought the DVD with me, thinking that Robbie would like it. Not realizing until I sat there, watching it with her that here was a movie about a love triangle, and I was living a love triangle.

Robbie loved it, almost crying at the end.

"You ready for bed?" she asked as she clicked the remote, turning off the TV and the DVD player.

"Uh, yeah." I found myself slightly nervous. I'd had sex with Robbie, and I'd slept with her. I smiled to myself, remembering the trouble I'd had with Tami about 'sleeping' with Robbie. But now, I was going to do both. Have sex and go to sleep.

It seemed like a big step.

I kinda wished it could have been with Tami, but Robbie was almost as good.

Robbie climbed off my lap, then held her hand out to help me up. She pointed me toward the stairs as she wandered around turning off lights and locking doors.

I was sitting on the bed when she came up.

"In the words of someone I know and respect, you're wearing too many clothes," she said with a grin.

With a quick shimmy, she was standing in the door naked.

'Damn, I love my life, ' I thought as I pulled my t-shirt over my head.

Almost two hours later we lay spoon fashion, my cock buried in Robbie's cunt from behind. I'd cum twice and hadn't even been sure I could get it up a third time. Robbie had scored half a dozen orgasms. I was catching my breath. Bed with Robbie was a lot more workout than football or baseball. A lot more fun too.

We lay for several minutes, just enjoying the closeness of each other and the bond between us, and I don't just mean my tool. I listened to Robbie's rhythmic breathing, finally realizing just why it was so rhythmic. She was asleep.

I decided I was secure enough to think she was asleep because she felt safe and loved in my arms, not because sex with me was boring.

That left me with one unsatisfied battering ram nestled within her. I knew I could never go to sleep like this, but I didn't want to wake her. So I lay, holding her, and being content. I thought about Robbie, and Robbie and Ashley, and Tami, and football, and...

I woke. My cock was hard, but it was trapped between Robbie's thighs, having slipped out of her pussy. I wondered if it had gone soft in the night, then hard again as usual in the morning. Or had it stayed hard all night?

I thought about gently fucking Robbie awake, but my bladder decided to be part of the equation. I eased my cock out from between her legs and rolled off the bed as gently as I could. I looked forward to coming back and spending all morning in bed with Robbie.

When I came back, Robbie's eyes were open, and she watched as I walked back into the room. Thankfully, my cock had subsided during my morning waterworks, 'cause there's just no dignified way to walk with a hard-on.

"You're worth waking up for," she purred.

I grinned, "You look pretty good yourself."

"I need a kiss."

I grinned again. "Your wish, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera."

I stepped over to the bed and leaned down. I was going to give her a quick peck on the lips, but as our lips touched, Robbie grabbed me and pulled me into a long deep kiss.

"I needed that," she said a few seconds later.

What can I say, I'm good.

"Go home."

"What?" I thought I was good.

"Go home."

"I thought we... I mean, I was going to... I..." I hate when I can't put a complete sentence together.

"Tony, I liked last night. Hell, I needed last night. But, we're done."

"I... I don't understand."

"Tony, it's been great. But you're in love with Tami. You need to be with her."

"But I... we..."

"Tony, you've been my friend. You are my friend and I hope you always will be. We've been and we will be team-mates. But that's all we are."

"I don't understand," I said again.

"I do. And that's enough."

"Robbie dumped me. Again," I told Tami as soon as she came back.

"I know."

"You do?"

"She told me what she was going to do."

"She thinks I haven't been fair to you. I'm sorry." I reached for her hand, but she grabbed me in a hug.

"Don't be sorry, and that's not what she thinks."

"That's what she said."

"No, I think that's what you heard."

"I... don't... understand." I was getting real tired of saying that. Maybe someday they'll discover a Rosetta stone for communications between sexes.

We were standing on the front lawn, watching the slow transition from day to night. Tami let go of me and turned, looking up in the sky. Only three stars had come out to play so far. She watched them sparkle. "Robbie's in love."

"That's what Ashley said. So there's some one else."

Tami kept watching the sky but held her hand out to me. I took it.

"Tony, she's in love with you."

"What? I don't..." I didn't want to say I don't understand again.

"Don't be dense. She's been in love with you since the first day she showed up on your doorstep."

"But she dumped me. Right after the talent show."

"She told me once that love is doing what's right for the other person. She knew that you, uh, that you loved me. And she knew that I loved you. She dumped you because she thought it was the best thing for you. That it was right." Tami lowered her head and looked into my eyes. "I think she was right."

"But we've been happy. I mean, haven't we?"

Tami smiled. "Yeah, we've been happy. I didn't mind sharing. Especially with Robbie. But it was hard for her. It hurt her. She decided that she had to find something, someone of her own."

"Ashley," I said softly.

Tami kissed me gently, then lifted her head to the sky again. A dozen stars shone now. "I think Ashley will help, but she isn't the answer. Can you say unrequited?" Tami didn't wait for an answer. "It's like those romantic comedies you like. Ashley loves Robbie, but Robbie loves Tony, and Tony loves Tami."

"And Tami loves Tony. I hope."

"She does."

"So does anybody live happily ever after?"

"Us!"

"Does that mean you'll marry me?"

"Tony Marion Sims," she said, looking me in the face again. "You can't even get your driver's license for five-and-a-half months. You're not talking your mom into signing a marriage license."

"I can be very persuasive."

"That you can."

"So what about Robbie?"

"We give her space when she needs it. We be her friends when she needs us. We hope she finds what she's looking for."

"You're a very smart lady."

"Once upon a time I learned a lot from a very wise boyfriend."

"What ever happened to him?" I said, losing myself in her eyes.

"We got married and lived happily ever after."


Chapter 9

"I am so glad that's over," I said as I slammed my locker closed.

"What?" Tami asked, closing hers more gently.

"School. Only one hundred and seventy-nine more days to go."

Tami looked exasperated. "You like school, and you know it," she said.

I was always amazed that Tami could say something in such a way that it seemed like she stomped her foot, but didn't have to.

"Shush," I said. "I'm a football player. That's not the sort of thing I want to get around."

"And just what if I want to tell the whole school that Tony Sims is sensitive and caring AND likes school."

"You can be replaced you know," I said, putting my hands on her hips and looking into her eyes. God! I loved her eyes. I understood now why poets spent so much time talking about limpid pools or lipid pools or tepid pools or whatever it was.

"Yeah, by who?" she demanded. "Robbie dumped you, remember?"

"There's always Allie. Major cute, a cheerleader, and she thinks I'm wonderful. That's a pretty good combination."

Tami grinned. "I realize there's more to Allie than I used to think, but you'd be bored stiff inside a week."

"But what a week."

"Besides, I don't think she'd be as understanding about Mikee and Kelly."

"Mikee and Kelly? But I thought... I mean, I was gonna stop..."

"Why?" Tami looked really confused.

"You know, what Robbie said about loving you and..."

"Oh! Would you get it through your head that that was about you and Robbie, not you and me."

"But..."

"But nothing. I told you before, I don't mind sharing." Tami smiled again. "Besides, I think you're good for the girls."

"What? They don't get enough exercise?"

"No. I think it's good for them to know just how great a guy can be. I think a lot of girls get stuck with a couple of jerks in a row and think that's all there is to choose from. These girls are going to know better."

"You're going to make me blush." From the quizzical look on her face, I had a feeling I was. "Besides, you're not exactly the voice of experience. We've been going out since the seventh grade."

Tami looked sad for a second. "I've had a chance to see a jerk in action."

"Oh. Yeah, right. Sorry."

Tami brightened again. "Not your fault. Mine. I wonder what ever happened to Peter?"

"I heard he was cooking meth in Montana," Robbie said as she walked up.

"You're making that up," Tami accused.

Robbie smiled knowingly.

"I hope you're making that up. He wasn't all that bright, and not very methodical. If he's playing with chemicals, someone's gonna get blown up."

Robbie grinned. "Actually, I heard he was going to school in Wenatchee."

Then Robbie looked at me. She smiled and I felt better. It was a real smile, not forced or fake. She hadn't been on the bus that morning, and we didn't have any classes together this year, not even the same lunch period, so I wasn't sure how we were gonna be.

"You'll never guess..." she started to say.

Just as I said, "You won't believe..."

We smiled at each other, then looked at Tami, then back at each other and laughed. "Go ahead," I offered.

"Tommy Sands came looking for me at lunch." Tommy was a senior and definitely on the cool list. "He wants us to be in a show."

"What kind of show?" Tami asked

"A play. A musical."

I grinned. "That's awesome. Too bad we'll be busy."

"We will?"

"Kirk Sulvan looked me up fifth period. He wants us to be in a show. It's a play. A musical."

God, the look on her face. I love it when I can really surprise Robbie. It's hard to do, but worth it.

"What's going on here?' she asked.

I shrugged.

Suddenly, Tami started jumping up and down, clapping her hands. "Oh goody. I actually know something you two brains don't."

"What?" Robbie and I demanded together."

"Oh, nothing," Tami said with a grin.

I looked at Robbie, "You want to hold her while I tickle her? Or shall I hold her?"

Robbie smiled tightly. She reminded me of little Wednesday Addams in the second movie when she said, 'Be afraid. Be very afraid.'

She must have reminded Tami too. "I'll tell. I was talking to Mr. Walker during journalism. There's a big state-wide contest for the best student produced play. Each school can submit one, then there's going to be regional contests all over the state, then the winners get to go to the finals in Seattle."

"Wow!" Robbie and I said together again. We looked at each other; then she giggled and I grinned.

"They're going to broadcast each of the regional winners. There's supposed to be a big prize, too, but Mr. Walker didn't say what it was."

"Wow!" I said again, this time by myself.

"So which one do we pick?" Robbie asked, more to herself than to me. "Tommy or Kirk?"

"Well, we have four choices. We could go with Tommy. Or we could go with Kirk. Or you could go with Tommy and I'll go with Kirk. Or we can skip the whole thing."

"There's a fifth choice," Tami said. We both looked at her. "You could do your own thing."

"That's..." I was going to say ridiculous.

"... a hell of an idea," Robbie finished for me. "I'll... we'll have to think about that.

"Right now..." Robbie picked up my wrist and looked at my watch. "We're supposed to be dressed and on the football field in three minutes."

"Oh shit!" I said, reaching down and grabbing my backpack.

Tami cuffed the top of my head just as Robbie's hand smacked my ass. "You're always on the girls about their language," Tami reminded me.

I grinned, grabbed Robbie's hand, and we ran for the locker room.

Did I mention, I love my life?


Chapter 10

"If we do this, we're going to need..." Robbie started.

"Not to rain on your parade, but do you even know if we can do this?" I butted in.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, if each school gets to submit one production, and Tommy and Kirk both plan their own, can we?"

"Oh?"

"Well, if the school can submit one," Tami said. "And Tommy and Kirk and who knows who else all want to do one, the school's going to have to produce them all and choose, or come up with a FAIR way to decide who gets a shot. So it can't hurt to be ready."

"True," Robbie agreed.

"Tommy and Kirk both want to do musicals, but we can do dramas, comedies, whatever," Tami pointed out.

"I think if we're..." I pointed at Robbie, then back at myself. "... going to do it, we should stick with a musical. We can get Unrehearsed back together, then add a few more. Toby on Piano, Chad on guitar, and Sally plays like a regular Karen Carpenter.

"Who?" Kelly piped up from where she was snuggled on my lap.

"Karen Carpenter. The Carpenters?" Kelly looked blank. So did her sister, sitting between Robbie and Tami on the sofa. The younger generation, huh.

"We need to talk to them."

"You sound like WE'VE decided."

Robbie had the grace to look embarrassed. "I didn't mean it like that. I meant if we go with Unrehearsed..."

I smiled and waved her off. "Robbie you've been making my decisions since we met. If you stop now, I'll just get confused."

Robbie blushed.

"Pizzas ready," Mom announced from the kitchen, bringing in a large pizza, paper plates and towels.

"Thanks, Mom."

She surveyed the room. I know she was dying to make a comment about me hanging out with four cute girls, but I think she decided not to embarrass Kelly. She waved and went back to the kitchen.

Traci looked in from the hall, then started to back out again.

"Come on in, Trace. Lots of pizza," I offered.

She smiled shyly and came in, helping herself to pizza and sitting on the floor.

Mom came back with cans of Coke and smiled at me after noticing that Traci had been included. Damn, I love racking up those brownie points. With my habit of getting suspended every March, they came in handy.

"So if we're going to do a musical, which one?" Robbie asked around a mouthful of pizza.

"Jesus Christ, Superstar," Tami suggested. "I can picture Tony as Judas belting out Heaven on Their Minds.

"So you picture me as the biggest traitor in history?"

Tami giggled.

"How about Man of La Mancha, I have a little Don Quixote in me."

"More than a little," Traci said, then looked away.

"I can't see Parker letting us stage Superstar. Too controversial. And I'd be willing to bet that there will be a couple of La Manchas from other schools," Robbie, the cool head of reason, pointed out.

"There's always Oh, Calcutta!" I suggested.

"Just where were you planning to hide the body?" Robbie asked.

I grinned. "I know a couple of spots in the woods back here where Parker will never be found."

"I say we do it," Tami said, surprising me. "Right after you talk my mom into letting me go on stage naked."

"You could do The Sound of Music," Traci suggested. "I always loved that one.

"More schools will do that than La Mancha," Robbie said, a little more sharply that was necessary, I thought.

"You might want to think about how big a production you want," Tami suggested. "You've got two singing and one non-singing roles." She patted her chest. "Two if we shanghai Mikee. And Tommy and Kirk are already trolling for talent. If you decide how big you want to get, that may help you pick a play."

"I think somewhere between four and thirty," I said.

"Thanks, Tony. That really narrows it down." Robbie said sarcastically.

"Besides a thirty-way split is no fun at all." Tami added. We'd discovered that first prize is five grand. Half for the school, and half split among the cast.

"Greed doesn't become you," I accused.

"I was thinking of you," she said in defense. "You've got to start saving for a wedding ring." Mikee did a classic double take and ended up staring at Tami, who just smiled serenely.

"We could do our own." Why did I suddenly feel like Micky Rooney; 'Hey kids, let's put on a show.'

"Sure," Robbie agreed sarcastically. "You can probably write a play in a week. Of course a dozen songs might take a little longer."

"I was thinking we could pick some songs, then write enough story to tie them together. Something like the Beatles did with Hard Day's Night and Help."

I noticed the blank look on Kelly's face. "Tell me you don't know who the Beatles are and I have to send you home."

"Of course I do," she said firmly. I decided not to put her on the spot and make her name a Beatles song. I didn't want to send her home.

"Now I get to play rain cloud," Tami said. "If you use other people's songs on stage, and on television, if you get that far, do you have to pay royalties?"

I shrugged.

"Can I make a suggestion?" Traci piped up.

"What?" Robbie snapped.

Traci got off the floor. "I was just going to say you might want to talk to Mr. McCoy at the middle school. He's been a professional musician. He might be able to help." Traci turned and walked away.

I didn't look at Robbie. I gave Kelly a little shove, and she got the idea and stood up, then I got up and followed my sister. She'd already gone into her room and closed the door. I opened it without bothering to knock. Her back was to me, but I knew that tears would be starting at the corners of her eyes.

"You are not going to let someone treat you like that in your own house," I said to her back.

"But, she's your..."

"And you are not going to cry. Anybody who survived twelve years living with me, is tougher than that."

She turned and tried to smile. Her eyes were already red.

I held out my hand. "Come on."

She took it and followed, though not enthusiastically.

I walked her back into the living room and stood in front of Robbie. "I want to introduce you. This is my sister Traci. This is HER house and HER living room, AND I invited her to join us. If you have a problem with that, you can leave."

Robbie looked up at me defiantly, she opened her mouth, I could almost feel a wave of sarcasm. Robbie looked down at her toes. "I'm sorry." She looked up at Traci and smiled. "I'm really sorry. It's not you. It's just... I'm being real bitchy today."

Traci nodded. "Cause you broke up with my brother again," she said sagely.

Did I miss a bulletin on CNN or something?

Robbie nodded. "Will you please stay?"

Traci nodded and held out her hand. The two girls shook.

I sat back down in Dad's chair and pulled Traci onto my knees. She looked embarrassed, but stayed.

"Can I do anything to make it up to you?" Robbie asked.

"Can you teach me to hit? I suck at softball," Traci said without hesitation.

"What about Tony?"

"He's my brother," she said, as if that explained everything. I guess it did.

"Tony, can I see you a minute?" Mom called when I returned from walking Tami and the girls home. Dad was driving Robbie. I joined Mom in the dining room, where she was working on bills at the table...

I stood by the table as she finished writing a check and stuffing it in an envelope.

"You know when you were eight, your sister tried very hard to get you traded in on a dog. A golden retriever. You were a real pain that year. You were full of yourself because you were the best on your team at baseball, you were the best at football, you got the best grades. I almost went for it."

I didn't remember being all that bad, and didn't have a clue what she was leading up to.

"Tonight, I don't think she'd trade you in, even for a pony."
