A handful of the Death Eaters present at the fateful revel survived and ran to ground. They were scattered in the fields around England, perhaps moving overseas to hide until they could garner new followers in Voldemort's name. Order members and Aurors moved into the vacancies they left behind in the Ministry, and the statutes and mandates passed that had terrorized the people were swept away. It was as if the slate was wiped clean in the Ministry, even if it wasn't quite erased for the populace at large.

For Katie, having Marcus killed and resurrected within the space of twenty minutes had been more than enough to bear. He had a puckered scar where he had been stabbed with the knife, but she could ignore that, just as she could ignore the gray skin where the Dark Mark used to be. It had shriveled and faded with Voldemort's death, though the gray remnant would never come out. She thought perhaps it was seared into Marcus's very bones, never to be erased.

Lucerne Flint had never met Katie before that final battle, but had welcomed her into their home in the south of England. A few expansion charms made their small home large enough to accommodate her, and Katie began making plans to Floo or portkey her way from the Flint home to Puddlemere's practice pitch. She was still a second string chaser, and at any time she could be yanked off of the reserve team as a replacement player.

While Katie worried that her parents might disapprove of her wartime marriage, but with Marcus being hailed as one of the undercover Death Eaters, they were more than willing to accept him into the family. "Fucking shite," he had declared in disgust, throwing the Prophet onto the table the morning the article had come out with the names. "They killed Dad and threatened Mum, nothing more to it than that. I didn't join up to be a bloody turncoat."

Katie merely patted his hand and passed him another slice of toast. Really, it didn't matter anymore. History was always written by the victors.

The Bells decided to host a lavish wedding ceremony, as the Flints hadn't been allowed to have one before. Katie and her sisters began to plan, and Marcus wondered what the hell he had gotten himself into. A wedding. With a reception. That would have Gryffindors. Lots and lots of annoying, self righteous Gryffindors.

Fuck. If Katie hadn't promised another wedding night to remember, he'd have canceled the whole thing and locked her in their bedroom for a week.

Still, seeing her at the end of the aisle more than made up for the pain of planning and staying in separate homes for the days leading up to the wedding – "It's bad luck to see me before the wedding!" Katie had screeched. "We've had enough bad luck!" – and he had to admit there was something to this wedding thing. She was swathed in white silk and lace, a delicate veil over her face. It did nothing to hide the beaming smile she was smiling, or the way she was nearly bouncing on her toes as her father guided her down the aisle.

Marcus looked into her eyes, and it was like that first day he'd really looked at her on the Hogwarts pitch all those years ago. When they kissed, he had that same electric feeling across his lips. That first kiss had been a promise, this one was the fulfillment.

Marcus and Katie were presented to the crowded pavilion as the new Mr. and Mrs. Flint, amidst cheers. "You think they're cheering because they actually give a shit about me?" he grumbled between grit teeth as they walked down the aisle from the grand parlor and toward the next hall at Bell Manor.

"Shut it, Flint," Katie hissed back while smiling. "We're having the sodding reception and we're having a bloody good time, understand me?"

He snickered. "Your parents know about that mouth you've still got?"

"Can't handle it, Flint? No wonder you got off the pitch," she snarked back playfully.

"That was low, Bell," he replied. He looked around both ways. "Detour?"

She lofted an eyebrow. "The reception is that way."

"And we have ten minutes."

Katie snickered. "Since when have you only used ten minutes?"

"Consider it incentive to be nice."

"Bloody Slytherin of you."

"That's not a no."

She couldn't help but grin, a blush to her cheeks. "That's not a no," she confirmed.

No one remarked on their late arrival to the reception or the flush on the bride's face. Her hair was undone and falling about her shoulders, her hazel eyes twinkling mischievously. Even the groom seemed less tense, though most guests chalked it up to nerves for the ceremony itself. He allowed himself to be greeted by Katie's Gryffindor friends and all of the Puddlemere teams, as well as her extended family. Coming from a small and isolative family, it was overwhelming for Marcus. Of the Flints, there was just himself and his mother.

And Katie.

She laughed openly as she danced with the Weasley twins, Oliver Wood or Lee Jordan. She had a great time with Spinnet, Johnson and Leanne. She even danced with the very, very pregnant Ginny Malfoy until Draco claimed his wife back. Katie then grabbed Draco and swung him out onto the dance floor for a spin.

Marcus sat down next to Ginny with a content smile on his face. His mother and Katie's got on famously, which had been a relief. Her father didn't even seem to condemn him for his choices, once he was able to articulate them. He seemed to understand that difficult choices called for sacrifices of some kind, and had given Marcus his blessing. "I've three daughters," Katie's father said solemnly at his reception speech. "The tighter you hold on, the more they run. But they've all been such wonderful girls, and ultimately, they've proven me right. I can trust them to choose the best path for themselves, even if it doesn't look like it to me."

"It's a lovely party," Ginny told him sincerely, a wide smile on her face. "I'm just glad that we're not having one."

"I'd've thought that Weasley clan would want one."

"Yes, but it's still so new to me. They're trying to cope with the fact that I can't remember them at all. The twins have been great. And Bill and Charlie over there," she said, pointing to two older russet-haired men standing beside their wives and talking with Oliver Wood. "Ron has been a pill, but the twins assure me he's always been that way."

Marcus laughed along with her. "And your parents?"

"Sad," Ginny admitted. She gave him a bittersweet smile. "We're getting to know each other again, though. In some ways I think it's almost cruel to them. I remember nothing but I remind them of who I used to be. It's strange. But we're getting on well, and I promised they can do all this as an anniversary party once we're more comfortable with each other."

"I can see why Malfoy's mad about you," Marcus murmured.

"Yeah? Why?"

"You're too good for him. He knows it, too. You're going to keep him honest in this new regime. You're going to call him on all his shite."

"Katie'll call you on yours."

"I run a shop," Marcus pointed out. "I'm not going into sodding politics."

Ginny snorted and shook his head. "Watch out. You're considered one of the heroes of the day. They just might call on you to do something in government."

"Not fucking clever enough for that," Marcus declared loftily. "Repeated seventh year, I did."

Ginny leaned a little closer. "I'll tell you a secret, Flint. Most of the blokes in office are stupid and didn't even finish seventh year. You're smarter than they are."

He laughed out loud. "See, now, this is why I approve of you."

"I'm so glad you do," Ginny laughed, poking him in the ribs. "Ooh. I think baby Malfoy is glad you like his mommy, too."

"Still no name?" Marcus asked, eyebrow raised.

"I'm not naming him after anyone on the Malfoy or Black family trees. He's not naming him after anyone on the Weasley family tree. And we haven't yet settled on a compromise name."

"My father's name was Nicholas," Marcus said softly.

"Wouldn't you want to name your son that?" Ginny asked, surprised.

Marcus blinked. "Maybe. I haven't talked it over with Katie." He thought for a moment. "It was Nicholas Benjamin. Would Benjamin work?"

Ginny mulled it over. "We'll talk about that one. Thanks."

He nodded and looked back out onto the dance floor, where Katie was now dancing with her sister's three year old son. Something in him twisted at the sight. If the child had a black mop of hair, it might've looked something like how he'd imagine his own children. If he did such a thing, of course.

Ginny followed the direction of his gaze and smiled. "You're not as thick as you think you are."

"What?"

"You're clever in ways that count, Flint. You've managed to keep her safe, didn't you? And you've kept her, mean spirited bastard that you are."

They smiled at each other. "Yeah, I suppose so."

"Go dance with her," Ginny urged, grinning at him. "I'll be fine. Look, Draco's coming back with food for me."

Marcus went off to dance with Katie for a slow song, and Ginny beamed up at Draco. "Hullo, love. Having a good time?"

"Sure, why not?" Draco replied sarcastically, indicating his surroundings with a grand sweeping gesture. "Surrounded by Gryffinors and your family glaring at me? Fabulous party. We should do this again sometime soon."

Ginny snorted and linked her hand through his. "They're getting used to it."

"We'll be fine," he told her, smiling fondly at her. "You're worth the hassle."

"Thanks." She smiled at Katie and Marcus, slow dancing together. It was less a dance than swaying while trying to wear each other in public. "They're good together."

"Surprisingly so," Draco replied, popping a sweet into his mouth.

"Like us," Ginny said, snatching one from his plate and eating it.

He laughed and slung an arm around her shoulder. "I suppose. Though their families get along well enough together."

She clasped his hand in hers. He was an orphan now, and blamed himself for his parents' deaths. "When they come around, my family will be yours, that's all."

Draco kissed her rather than answer; it was unlikely for Ron or Harry to ever really accept him as a permanent fixture in Ginny's life. They hoped her memory would spontaneously return one day and she would be repulsed by him. While the spell damage appeared to be permanent, at least it had left other areas of her memory relatively intact.

She sighed happily and leaned into his embrace. After a moment was an uncomfortable cough to the side of them. They separated, and Ginny saw Ron standing there, looking as though he'd rather be anywhere else in the world. She did notice the twins' anxious looks, and figured they put him up to it.

"Care to dance?" he asked, looking awkward.

"I'd love to," Ginny lied, pushing herself up to her feet. Draco looked on as they went to the dance floor and began to dance to a fast number. Katie was with some of her teammates, and even Marcus didn't look as pained to be in their company. "It's a lovely wedding. Katie and Marcus are so happy."

"Are you?" Ron asked seriously, brows furrowed together.

It was nice not to be yelled at for a change. "Yes, I am."

"Um... He's good to you?" He looked as though he nearly swallowed his tongue to ask that without insinuating anything.

Ginny's smile was soft and loving. "Yes, he is. He wasn't the one to cast those spells on me, Ron. I'm sorry I don't remember what you want me to. I'm sorry I'm not your sister anymore."

"You're still my sister," he replied firmly. "I just... I just need to get used to the new you. It'll take a while. It's that you were dead, then not, then different... It's a lot to take in at once."

She blinked, contemplating it from his point of view. "I guess it is. I didn't think of it like that."

"I didn't mean to yell so much," he winced slightly. "But really... he's a git. Trust me on that one," he assured her. "He's been that way all through school."

"I'm sure he was," Ginny replied with a shrug. "He's selfish at times, I know. Everyone is. Aren't you, by wanting everything to be what you want it to be?"

"I suppose," he admitted reluctantly.

"But don't forget. Katie and I wound up going through the entire Dark Arts library in Malfoy Manor. If Draco is ever stupid enough to hurt me, he won't live to regret it."

Ron stared at her for a long moment, startled, then began to laugh. "Oi, Gin, that's just the thing you used to say all the time." He smiled fondly at her. "You're still you. New, but still you. I think that's what I was most afraid of. That somehow he's changed you and you were lost."

"Not lost. It's like sleepwalking, I think. You're headed somewhere that makes sense at the time but doesn't when you wake up."

"I suppose." He gave her a slow spin on the dance floor then laughed. "I don't have to be friends with the git, do I?"

Ginny laughed. "It'd be nice, but not necessary. As long as you don't kill each other over the dinner table, I think we can manage."

"I'll try," he answered sheepishly. "But I've just as bad a temper. Ask anyone."

She smiled at him and let him lead her off the floor when the song ended. "It'll be okay, Ron. I'm fine. I'm a big girl now."

He eyed her bulging stomach. "Yeah, I suppose you are."

She swatted his arm playfully. "Go dance with someone, get married and be happy. Go on, we're good here. I'm in a safe place."

She sat next to Draco again and snuggled up close to him. He slung his arm around her shoulders and kissed the top of her head. "Better?"

"Much, thanks." She smiled up at him with a sunny expression. "What about Benjamin?"

"Hm... Not too bad. Aurelius?"

"I already said no."

"Desiderius."

"Stop with the Latin names, Draco. They sound utterly horrid."

He laughed and ran his fingers along her arm. "You sure about that?"

"That's it. I'm going to pick something completely horrible and random. Like shoe."

Draco wrinkled his nose in disgust. "You are not naming our son shoe."

"So take Benjamin and shut it."

He laughed and nodded. "It's a nice name."

"Of course it is," Ginny agreed. "That's why I picked it."

"Did we mention that one months ago?"

"I picked it then, too," Ginny told him.

"Oi!" Katie called out from the dance floor. "You two love birds get over here!"

Draco helped Ginny up to her feet and they walked over to Katie and Marcus. Marcus signaled for one of the wait staff to bring over glasses of juice for them. "To new beginnings," Katie said, raising her glass and leaning against Marcus.

"To the path forward," Marcus added. "May it be smoother than the path we took to get here."

Katie elbowed him gently. "See? That was clever."

"Shut it, Bell. He was the brains behind that operation."

"Somehow, I think their road is going to be just as rocky as it was to start," Draco told Ginny in a stage whisper. Katie gave him a playful push on the arm. "Marcus, your wife is abusive."

"That's the bloody truth, let me tell you," Marcus replied, shaking his head. Katie gave him a shove, and they both began laughing.

Ginny looked around the hall. Memory or not, these people were her friends and family. It felt comfortable, like home. She slid her arm through Draco's and leaned against his arm. It might not have been an easy path, but it had turned out to be the right one. And it was even better than she had dreamed it might be.
The End.