My Wrestling Step-Sister
by Harry Perry

Abstract: A guy and his friend get challenged by the guy's step-sister to wrestle.  She wants to wrestle the winner.  The guy wins against his friend, but he ends up losing to his step-sister.  She visits him later that evening and offers a rematch.

My friend and I were wrestling in my basement when my step sister came in.  She watched for a few minutes and announced that she would like to wrestle whoever won our match.
My friend and I wrestle a lot, and we laughed at the thought of her challenging us.  After all, she was only 15 years old, and we were two years older.  We thought it was a joke.
I ended up winning the match, so I looked at her to see if she was ready to take me on.  She said she was.  We laughed again, and I asked her what the winner would get.  She must have thought about it before because she was ready with an answer.
“How about the winner will have to kiss the loser's bare ass,” she said boldly.
At first I thought it would be a piece of cake to beat her, but as soon as we started really wrestling, she got me in a headlock and took me down hard.  I tried to play dirty and pull her shorts down so I could get loose, but she bent my arm behind my back and sat on me.  I was in major pain and could not get loose, so I had to give in.
It was embarrassing, especially in front of my friend, and on top of that, my sister was pissed at me for pulling her shorts down.  It wasn't like she was naked below the waist or anything, but her cute, almost transparent, pink panties exposed quite a bit.  Before she would let my arm go, she made me stand up, and she forcibly pulled my shorts down.  Just to punish me, she even pulled my underwear down to my knees in front of my friend.  He just laughed at me.
I was so embarrassed.  Not only had a girl beat me at wrestling, but a 15-year-old, too.  Then, to make it worse, it was the first time anyone but my doctor had seen my penis, and now she and my friend were staring at it.  She slapped my naked butt a few times and then, with my arm still wrenched up behind me, made me bend over, apologize, and then kiss her ass.  It was so humiliating.
Later that evening, my step-sister came into my bedroom and asked if I was really mad about the wrestling match earlier.  Of course I was, and I really didn't even want to talk to her.  She offered me a rematch.  I wasn't interested.
She named the stakes, “How about if you win, I'll let you pull my pants down.  I'll even let you pull my panties off,” but I still didn't want to.  After all, she had humiliated me in front of my friend, and I told her so.
She thought about it for a minute, and then she said, “I'll tell you what!  If you win, I'll let you take all my clothes off.”
I looked at her to see if she was serious.  Suddenly, I was interested, and she saw it in my eyes.  Carrie is a really pretty girl, and guys are always asking me if I get to see her naked since we live together.  Of course I hadn't, but that didn't mean I didn't want to.
“Remember, though, if you lose, I get to take all your clothes off,” she pointed out.
After what had happened earlier that day, I thought about it, but I wanted to kick her ass and get revenge bad, so I gladly said yes.  After all, this was a private rematch, so I wasn't going to be humiliated in front of my friend.
As we went down to the basement where we had a mat, I realized she was only wearing a nightshirt and those pink panties.  She usually wore a robe around the house, but it was a warm summer evening.  It was easy to tell that she wasn't wearing a bra, either, by the way her breasts swayed under her shirt.  I knew she was pretty well endowed for a 15-year-old, but I was still impressed with what I was seeing.  With her so scantily dressed, I was looking forward to wrestling her.  This time I wasn't going to go easy on her like I made the mistake of doing last time.
We started, and the first thing she did was try to get me in a headlock again.  This time, though, I spun around her quickly and took her down by the waist.  We both landed on the floor and rolled around for a while trying to get an advantage.  She got some leverage and rolled over on me, pinning me on my back.  She had twisted around so her groin was right in my face.  She was trying to sit on my face while she pinned my arms to the mat.  She put all her weight down and smashed her crotch on my face, smothering me with her ass.  She tried to sit up while laughing hysterically.
I couldn't believe her.  She was only wearing thin, practically see-through panties, and she was sitting on my face.  During our wrestling, part of her panties had ridden up her butt crack, so a lot of her smooth round cheek was exposed and just inches from my eyes.  I started to get turned on, and I realized it was probably showing.
Before she could pin me down completely, though, I quickly pulled her arms out from under her and shoved her forward.  I managed to put her head into a scissor lock with my legs so she couldn't get loose.  She was on her hands and knees, and I had her head locked between my legs.  This time my crotch was buried in her face.  Since I had started to get an erection, my semi-hard dick which was covered only in my jogging shorts, was pressed against her face, and I had both her arms pulled behind her so she couldn't push herself away.
When I had flipped her off of me to get into this new position, her shirt had slid all the way up.  Now in my advantageous position, I could see her bare breasts hanging out and completely exposed to me.
She struggled underneath me, but I could tell she was not really fighting as hard as she had earlier that day.  It seemed like she was almost letting me win on purpose.  I didn’t care and wanted to fully beat her.  I was looking forward to making her get naked for me, too.
She started laughing and demanded that I, “Stop it!” but I wasn't about to.  I was enjoying her situation.
“Let me go!” she said more seriously, but I didn't move.
Then she realized what I was looking at.  “Oh my God, you are so sick!”  She repeated this over and over while we struggled.  The more she wriggled in my hold, the more her face rubbed against my cock in my shorts, which was quickly becoming fully erect.  Since I had no underwear on, my hard-on was really obvious.  Looking back on it, I think she was pretending that she was being forced to nuzzle my cock, but in reality, she liked it.
“Say you give in!” I kept saying, but she wouldn't, so I continued to grind my hard-on into her face.  All she had to do was give up, but she refused.  The more she fought me, the more I ground my cock into her face, and the harder I got.
Being in full control, I reached up and pushed my finger into her ass crack through her panties and said, “If you don’t give in, I'm going to shove my finger all the way up your ass.”  She just continued to fight me.
With her face still smothered and rubbing against my hard-on, I started to pull her panties aside.  She finally realized I was serious and mumbled that she gave in and wanted me to let her go.
I let her go, and she rolled over on the floor as we both tried to catch our breath.
She was lying on her back with her arms spread out and said, “Okay, just do it.  You won.”
I couldn’t believe she was serious.  She was actually going to let me strip her.  I was sure she would chicken out, but I wasn't going to let this opportunity get away.  I got up on my knees and crawled down below her feet.  Quickly, I grabbed her panties and slid them off her beautiful hips.  I yanked them down her thighs and off her feet.  Then I pulled her shirt off.  She just lay there completely naked and exposed.  Her arms were still stretched out to either side of her, and she just let me look.
She had a beautiful body.  She was real well endowed, especially for being only 15.  My step-sister was in really good shape, and she had a sparse triangular bush of dark pubic hair.  Her vaginal lips glistened a little, and I wondered if that was sweat from our wrestling.
Finally, she rolled over onto her stomach.  “There, are you happy now?” she asked with a smirk on her face.
She stood up, giving me an erotic view of her ass, and grabbed her tee-shirt and panties.  I thought she was going to stomp off angry, but she didn't.
Turning to face me, and giving me another unobstructed view of her sexy body, she tossed her clothes to the side of the room and said to my surprise, “Okay, it's double or nothing.  We wrestle to give me a chance to win my clothes back.  If I win, I get my clothes back, and you have to get naked.  You ready?”
