Sharing Our Fantasies
by DossoDossi©
Introducing Myself: This is my first story and I plan to add more stories building on this. If you have read a submission of mine, skip to the story. Otherwise, take a second to meet my girlfriend and me. 

My girlfriend's name is Gabe, short for Gabrielle, and we have been together for five years. We started dating in high school and have made it through a medium distance relationship while attending college. We are deeply in love and plan to spend the rest of our lives together. She has been my only partner and vice versa. This sometimes leads to discontent in a couple's sex life. This is not the case for us. We have managed to keep our sex life alive and exciting. One way we do this is by sharing fantasies and sometimes living them out.

Our greatest asset is trust. We both know how in love we are with each other and that we will forever be happy with each other. No matter what she tells me about her fantasies, I know she is only in love with me.

-----------------------------------------

Gabe and I started sharing fantasies with each other a few years ago. The way we discovered this common interest is a story in itself. It started when we were on spring break in Daytona Beach, Florida. 

We were both nineteen years old at the time and had been together for two years. We were in love, but we were young and inexperienced. We had sex often but did not truly understand the depths of our sexuality. 

We are both very fit individuals due to high school athletics, and we consider ourselves an attractive couple. The best word to describe Gabe is petite. She is five feet, six inches tall, beautiful blonde hair, and slim in a very sexy way. She has small but very perky A-cup breasts and an extremely tight midsection. Her best assets are on her bottom half. Simply put, her ass is amazing. It sticks out just enough and has a wonderful curve no matter what she wears. She has a completely shaved pussy that is very tight and has an incredible taste. Her skin is also incredibly smooth with a perfect tan. 

Daytona Beach is known for its college spring breaks and we were planning on enjoying the atmosphere. When we arrived, we unpacked in our room and decided to head straight to the beach for some relaxation. I threw on my suit quickly so I could watch Gabe change into her bikini. Gabe is somewhere in between modesty and risqué, flirting with both sides in a sexy way. She knows she is attractive but doesn't yet know she is sexy. She caught on to my plan but doesn't want me to know she knows. She wanders around the room awhile and pretends to check the place out while slowing undoing her shorts. When she gets the buttons undone she faces away from me and shakes her ass while slipping out of the shorts. When they are half way down her butt, I can make out her little thong peaking between her cheeks. She pauses and teases me until I finally say something.

"You do know what you're doing to me, right?" I ask.

She tries to act innocent as if her tease was just an accident, "What? What do you mean?" She can't keep her straight face any longer and she cracks the cutest little smile. 

"Get over here you sexy little thing" I tell her, and she slips her shorts the rest of the way off and slowly walks towards me. As she walks closer she continues to tease, pulling down her thong just above her slit and pulling up her shirt to show her tight stomach. 

"Lay down baby," she says to me. "Was I turning you on?"

"Of course you were babe, look at you. You are so sexy." I say, as I lay back on the bed.

"Oh please, I am not sexy" she says, blushing just a little.

"Are you kidding?" I protest, "Any guy here would think you are sexy."

"That is not true," she claims, but I could tell she liked the thought of that.

She finally reached me and straddled my stomach. As I looked up at my beautiful girlfriend, I said, "We will see Gabe, we will see."

I pulled her down on top of me and we kissed passionately as I ran my hands over her bare ass. She felt so smooth under my touch and I just couldn't get enough. She sat back up and took off her shirt. I sat up to meet her and we kissed again as I undid her bra strap and it fell down her shoulders, exposing her cute little tits and quarter sized nipples, which her hard by now. I kissed her neck as I fondled her breasts making her moan as she closed her eyes. She ran her hands down my bare back digging her nails in just a little. She pushed me back down on my back and went for the strings of my suit. When she had it loose enough she slid it down my legs and let my hard on free. I wouldn't consider myself huge but I have plenty of cock to work with. Gabe started tickling the head of my penis with her tongue as she used her hands to fondle my balls. 

"Do you really think other people think I'm sexy?" She asked.

"Hell ya I do babe. Why? Do you like that?" I responded.

She looked up at me and put as much of my cock in her mouth as can fit. When she came back up for air she told me with a little giggle, "Ya I do." And then continued to suck my dick. 

She looked so cute as she bobbed up and down on my pole. After a few minutes I felt myself preparing to cum.

"Oh I'm gonna cum baby!" I moaned.

She continued to suck hard on my cock and took in as much as she could. I finally exploded in her mouth while she kept as much cum as possible in her mouth. Just a little white sperm leaked out onto her chin as I emptied myself into her mouth. At this point in our relationship she didn't like to swallow so she grabbed a near by garbage and spit my spunk into it. When she was done with this, she looked at me and smiled and I gave her a smile back, showing that I was content.

"Well let's go to the beach," she said with a smile, not giving me any time to recover.

She pulled her suit out and began to put it on. Her bikini fit her personality perfectly. It wasn't quite a thong but showed off plenty of her gorgeous ass and stomach, while the top showed a fair amount of her perky breasts. When we were both ready she pulled on a skirt over her bikini top and we headed down to the beach. The beach was crowded with college age students drinking beer and having a good time. We found a nice spot to sit and laid out some blankets. When we got settled into our spots I offered to find us some drinks. She said she wanted some so I found a random guy with a cooler and bough a few beers off him. As I started walking back to Gabe a noticed a couple college aged guys approach her. I couldn't hear what they were talking about but Gabe pointed over to me and smiled. The guys looked disappointed but smiled and went on there way.

When I got back to Gabe I handed her a beer and said, "What did those guys want?"

"Oh nothing," she responded.

"Ya right, tell me what they said."

"Fine, as long as you promise not to get mad." 

"Of course I won't get mad," I assured her.

"Fine, they asked me to flash them my boobs," she said embarrassed.

"Well why didn't you?" I asked.

"Because you were right there," she said laughing.

"Would you have done it if I wasn't right there?" I asked.

"No probably not. I don't have any boobs," she said in a half joking, half serious way.

"Oh ya?" I said, "Then why did they want to see them?"

"I don't know, cause they were drunk?" She responded.

"I told you people think your sexy."

She didn't say anything else about it as she lied down on her towel to work on her tan. As she lied there I surveyed the beach and noticed plenty of fairly attractive women wearing tiny bikinis. I even saw a few girls flashing random groups of guys, and I knew spring break was on. I put my sunglasses on and laid back on my elbows and watched people as they walked by us. The guys who walked by either thought I wasn't watching or just didn't care cause every head would turn as they walked past my girlfriend. I even got a few thumbs up from a couple guys. 

After about an hour at the beach, we decided to head back to our hotel room before going out for dinner and nightlife. We got back to our room and crashed right away, exhausted from the travel and the sun. We woke up a couple hours later and started getting ready for our night out. Like any other girl, Gabe tried on several outfits before she decided on one. I must admit I didn't mind watching my girlfriend model all her sexy outfits for me. She finally decided on a short denim skirt, a black tube top, and underneath a push up bra and a little black see through g-string. I knew this was going to be a good night.

We left the hotel and took a cab to a fairly nice restaurant. I caught our cab driver a few times looking in the rear view mirror at Gabe, who of course didn't notice. He definitely liked her sexy outfit and her tight body. This was confirmed to me when we arrived at the restaurant and he rushed out to open the door for Gabe. I'm sure he got a nice view of her tanned legs and maybe even a glimpse of her panty covered pussy. I exited the cab, paid the driver, and said thank you. To which he responded with a big smile and said, "No, thank you!"

Gabe heard this and as the cab drove away she said, "He was awfully happy, how much did you tip him?"

"I'm not sure it was MY tip that he was thankful for."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"Why do you think he rushed to open the door for you?" 

"Oh come on, he was just a nice guy."

"You don't think the fact that your wearing a short skirt had anything to with it?" I said.

This definitely got her thinking about just how much skin she had shown to the cabbie. Finally she just said, "Whatever," and we continued into the restaurant.

Dinner was uneventful and we finished our meals and paid the bill and decided to head to a bar/club. When we arrived, the dance floor was packed and we found a table to sit at. I used my fake ID to get us a few drinks and brought them back to our table. Again, Gabe was getting plenty of looks from the guys. We finished a couple of drinks and started loosening up a bit. We decided to head to the dance floor. We had to work our way through crowds of people to find a decent place to stand. We made it to an area of the bar that was raised about four feet and overlooked the dance floor. Gabe stood against the rail, looking at the floor and I stood behind. I wrapped my arms around her and we started moving to the music. I let my hands explore the front of her body and she reached behind me and grabbed the back of my head, pulling it down to rest on her shoulder.

"I think I got grabbed about twenty times when we were walking through the crowd," Gabe told me.

"Ya I kinda figured that would happen. I told you guys think you're sexy," I said. "Where did they touch you?"

"My boobs, my ass, my legs, one guy even reached under my skirt and touched my bare ass," she explained.

I started getting a hard on thinking about my girlfriend getting touched like. Gabe must have noticed because she asked, "What? Does that turn you on?"

"Ya, it's a weird feeling, but it does. It's a mix of jealousy but I know I'm the one who gets to take you home tonight," I explained.

"Well just so you know, the guy down there is feeling the inside of my thigh right now."

I looked down to the dance floor and noticed a group of a few guys staring at us. I don't know if it was the alcohol or what, but it took me a second to realize that all these guys had a perfect view up my girlfriend's short skirt. I looked down directly in front of us and saw the guy that was touching Gabe. He was a good looking college aged student. He looked really nervous and I could tell it was probably a dare because his groups of friends was watching and egging him on.

"What do you want me to do babe? I will tell him to stop of you want me to," I said to her.

"Its up to you," she answered, "he looks innocent and I don't think he is gonna try to hurt me."

"Well is it turning you on as much as it's turning me on?" I asked my girlfriend.

She moaned a little and said, "Ya it is, my pussy is getting so wet."

"My cock is getting rock hard too. I hope he is enjoying this as much as we are."

We decided to let this stranger continue to feel my girlfriend up. We continued dancing to the music and grinding into each other. My hands were all over her covered breasts and she had reached her hands behind her butt and started playing with my hard cock.

"Where is his hand now?" I asked

"Its under my skirt on the inside of my thigh. He stopped moving it. I think he's scared to touch my pussy."

"Do you want him to touch your pussy?" I asked.

"Oh yes baby, I do so bad. I'm so horny. I need my pussy touched."

I looked over the railing at the guy who was feeling my girlfriend and tried to make eye contact. He must have been really nervous because he wasn't even looking in our direction. Finally, our eyes met and he was startled by it. I gave him a smile and a thumbs-up, giving him the "ok" to finger my girlfriend. I nestled up against Gabe's neck and whispered into her ear that I told him it was ok. My heart was racing, I couldn't believe I was letting a stranger touch my girlfriend's pussy. 

"What's going on babe?" I asked her.

"He's rubbing my pussy through my panties. I'm so wet baby." 

"Is he making you feel good?" I asked.

"Oh ya, it feels so good. I want his fingers inside me."

"Tell me everything that happens Gabe, I'm getting so horny"

"Ok, his hand is under my panties and he is rubbing my bare pussy. I have never been this wet before. I'm going to spread my legs more to open me up. Oh fuck his hand feels so good. He is rubbing my clit and tickling the opening of my pussy. Oh god he is starting to go inside. Oooooooh fuuuuck. He has one finger in me and is rubbing my clit with my thumb. He's gonna make me cum baby."

I could not believe what was happening. This stranger was fingering my girlfriend and she was loving it. The feelings it was giving me were a mix of jealously and pure lust. I don't know how I kept myself from cumming right on the spot.

She continued to give me the play by play, "He's trying to take my panties off. Oh I need them off, I need more fingers in me."

He must have reached up over her pussy and grabbed the waist band of her thong because I could see her panties start to slip down her legs. She shook herself a little to let them fall to her ankles and then stepped out of them. I saw the stranger pick up my girlfriend's thong and show it to his buddies. They also couldn't believe what was happening and started watching even more intently. When the stranger started going back to work on my girlfriend, two other hands reached up and started feeling her legs and ass. It was two of the guy's buddies!

"What's going on babe?" I asked.

"The one guy is fingering my pussy and the other two are feeling my ass. This feels so incredible. I can't believe this is happening. He has two fingers in my pussy now. I am dripping all over the place. Oh fuck he's gonna make me cum. Ooooooh!"

At this point Gabe started bucking her hips against their fingers and it was obvious she was close to cumming. I moved my hands to the top of her tube top and slid it down over the top of her little tits. This got a cheer from the crowd as Gabe's tits were fully exposed. I rubbed her breasts and rock hard little nipples as the strangers continued on her pussy.

"Talk to me while you cum Gabe, I want to hear what's going on."

"Oh baby there are three fingers in my pussy. One guy has two fingers inside me and another guy has one. The other guy is rubbing my asshole. Oh fuck this feels soooo gooood. I'm gonna cum right noooow. Ooooooh I'm cummmmming." She shook and humped her hips wildly until she slowly came to a stop as she was breathing heavily. 

I looked down at our audience and saw one guy put his fingers his mouth and suck my girlfriend's juices off his hand. One of the guys that didn't get to touch was smelling her thong, and they all had the biggest smiles on their faces. I gave them a smile back and mouthed the words "thank you" to them. They looked back up at me and smiled and walked off into the crowd. 

I slipped her top back up over het tits. "Baby I'm tired, let's go back to our hotel," Gabe said between her heavy breathing.

When we got back to our room we got into bed and I told her how horny that had made me. We explained to each other that neither of us could believe how good it felt or that it actually happened. Gabe wanted to make sure I wasn't mad or that this would change our relationship for the worse. I told her that I was incredibly turned on by the whole experience and that I was totally ok with it. She agreed with me and said that as long as I was ok with it, she was too. She reached down and grabbed my still rock hard cock.

"Are you ready for more?" I asked her.

"I'm ready for you babe, nothing compares to your touch and having you inside of me."

With that I slowly slid my throbbing hard on into her soaking wet pussy. I continued to slowly fuck my girlfriend until we both needed to cum again. 

"Oh fuck me harder," she panted.

I listened to her and started thrusting my cock harder and deeper into her pussy. When we were finally ready to cum, we had simultaneous orgasms. Gabe covered her face with a pillow to muffle her loud moans. I unloaded stream after stream of cum into her tight, wet pussy. 

When the orgasms were finally over we embraced each other and drifted off into sleep. What a day. 
Sharing Our Fantasies Ch. 02

After our adventures in Daytona Beach, Gabe and I were getting more and more enthralled with exhibitionism. We would create situations where Gabe would give an "accidental" flash to some lucky guys. She was still a little self-conscious of her small breasts but she realized any guys would still love to look.

Both of our favorite was for her to wear a short skirt with a skimpy thong or sometimes even with no panties at all. I loved her shaved pussy so much and she knew it was sexy too. Several guys had gotten nice glimpses of her tight little butt and pussy under her short skirts. It always brought us back to that club in Daytona when those three guys got to finger my girlfriend and dozens of others got to see her shaved pussy.

Up to this point we had always done her flashing together. I was her security blanket. It made me feel better about it too because we were sharing the thrill and it turned us both on. That brings us to her next spring break trip.

Our colleges had different breaks so we couldn't take a trip together. I had always wanted a repeat of our trip to Daytona and was disappointed it wouldn't happen this year. This year Gabe was going to Cancun with a few of her girlfriends from college. 

I was understandably nervous for her trip but not because I didn't trust her. I was nervous because I know how many horny college guys would be there ogling my girlfriend. I decided I would talk to Gabe about my worries and see what she thought about it.

I brought it up over dinner about a week before she would leave for Mexico.

"You excited for spring break babe?" I asked.

"Very!" she answered. "I can't wait to be in the sun, on the beach, by the ocean. I bet you're jealous."

"Ya I'm jealous of the guys down there who get to see you all day in your bikini."

"Oh please, no one will be looking at me, especially with all the other 'girls gone wild' type girls there."

"You know they will be looking at you too," I retorted, "you remember Daytona. Those guys seemed to like you a lot."

"Ya, but we were all drunk and we helped it happen. It won't be like that this time."

"Do you want it to be like last time?" I asked.

"Well it would be weird doing it without you there; I wouldn't want anyone touching me when we aren't together." She answered.

"Well it doesn't have to go that far this time. You can show off without anyone getting to touch. I trust you." 

"Are you sure you would be ok with that?" she asked me. 

"Ya I'm ok with it. I want you to have fun and enjoy yourself." I explained. "Just make sure you know where to draw the line and tell me about any exhibiting you do."

"Well of course I will do that honey! I want us to still be able to share this with each other." 

The following week seemed to draw on forever while Gabe started gathering all the things she would pack. She had all her short skirts and sexy panties, just thongs. That right there told me she was excited about possibly showing off in front of all those drunk dudes. Curiously, I didn't see any swim suits laid out with the rest of her stuff.

I asked her about the lack of suits and she mentioned she wanted to get a new one just for the trip. 

"What kind do you have in mind?" I asked her.

"I was hoping we could pick one out together." She answered.

I liked this idea. This way I would know what suit she was wearing and I would be able to get a nice idea of what the guys on the beach would be seeing.

A couple days before she left we headed to the mall to find Gabe a suit. The first store we went into had the basic, fairly conservative, two piece bikinis. Gabe had picked out a couple of her favorites and asked me what I though of them.

"Well, these aren't exactly the style I had in mind."

"Show me what you had in mind."

I took her to a different store that I knew had some more risqué stuff. As soon as we walked in she seemed surprised this was the kind of stuff I wanted her to wear without me. 

"Are you sure you want everyone to see me in these skimpy bikinis?"

"Yes, I'm positive." I answered. "But if you don't want to, obviously you don't have to."

"I want to. I just never thought you would be ok with it."

"As long as you remember what I said earlier about limits and telling me everything, I am more than ok with it."

We each picked out a couple of our favorites. It was comforting to know we were on the same page, and we could both tell by the kinds of suits we were picking out. We both wanted something classy but still provocative. We made sure to stay away from the ultra-skimpy and trashy ones. Gabe settled on two that she would wear in Cancun.

They were both thong bottoms. They are meant to be low-rise on the hips. The tops were pretty basic, but they were almost like bras that pushed her tits up and together. She settled on one that had some floral designs and my favorite, plain black.

When we got home I asked her to try them on for me. So we went up to our bedroom and she went into our closet to put the first one on. I was just expecting Gabe to try them on and show me without much of a show. That isn't what she had in mind, though.

We keep an iPod and speakers in the bathroom to listen to while showering and Gabe had turned on her favorite dancing music. She came out strutting her stuff and I was speechless from what I saw. She looked absolutely amazing. The bikinis were exactly what I was looking for. Her toned and tanned legs looked amazing going up to the bikini bottoms which left just enough to the imagination. 

Her tight stomach looked amazing with her v-shape abs pointing where everyone would be looking. The low-rise bottoms were spectacular. And the top was just as good. Her small but beautiful breasts were pushed up and were shown off quite well.

Gabe turned around and the thong bikini looked great between her shapely ass cheeks. She bent over with her butt facing me and I could see the outline of her pussy lips. My hard-on twitched in my pants and I wanted to jump her right there. But I also wanted to see how far this show could go. 

Gabe kept dancing to the music and I decided to take it a little further.

"And here is our second contestant tonight, the beautiful and sexy, Gabrielle! Come on guys, lets hear it for Gabe." I tried to mimic the crowd cheering.

This got Gabe way into her show. She was doing all the sexy dance moves she could think of. Bending at the waist, squatting and spreading her legs, hands feeling her curves.

I gave her a few cat-calls whistles and started to chant, "Take it off! Take it off!"

Gabe went with the flow and started doing a sexy striptease with the top of the bikini. She untied the back but held an arm over her breasts. She again turned her back to me and let the top fall away from her tits. She put both hands over a nipple and turned back around to face me. She left her hands on her breasts her awhile, rubbing them over her nipples. After a while she let her hands slide down her sides, exposing her breasts to me. 

I could only imagine what a total stranger in a bar in Cancun would think of my sexy girlfriend doing a striptease in front of the whole crowd. When the song ended I took Gabe in my arms and gave her a hard kiss. She kissed me back and I could tell she was horny from her dance.

I picked her up and brought her over to our bed. I took off the only piece of clothing she still had on and revealed her pussy. Her lips were beginning to open from her erotic dance. She reached for my belt buckle and undid my pants so she could slide them down and reveal my hard dick.

When I was free of my pants I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her pussy, feeling her juices. This caused Gabe to moan and writhe on the bed. I lined my cock up to her opening and easily slid all the way into her soaking wet pussy. Her soft moans now turned into passionate screams of pleasure. I fucked my girlfriend slowly at first and then began to increase my speed till I was pounding her tight pussy.

Gabe had her head thrown back in pleasure with a hand on each breast, caressing her nipples. She wrapped her legs around me, taking me deeper into her hot hole. Her first orgasm came quickly. She pulled me in tight and let out a long and loud moan as she began to cum. I fucked her hard right through her orgasm. 

I started to feel my balls tighten, getting ready to cum. I told her I was going to cum soon.

"Oooooh baby cum in my pussy, mmmmmm yes."

This sent me over the edge and I rammed my hard-on deep into her cunt until I unloaded a huge load of cum. The feeling of my sperm shooting into her love-tunnel sent Gabe into another writhing orgasm. She squirmed on the bed moaning while I emptied my balls into her pussy.

When I finally finished cumming I gave her a loving kiss and wrapped my arms around her, holding us close.

The day came when Gabe and her friends were flying down to Mexico. I dropped the girls off at the airport, kissed and hugged Gabe, and told her to call me when she landed. I was already nervous for what could happen in the following week. 

Several hours later Gabe called and said she had made it safely to the Mexican airport and they were taking a taxi to the resort now. They had booked two rooms at an all-inclusive resort that was definitely targeted to groups of college students. She told me they were going to unpack and head down to the hotel pool. I told her to make sure to take a lot of pictures so I could check it all out later. 

I tried to stay busy the rest of the day to keep my mind off Gabe and her trip. I was only mildly successful. It was Monday so I had my usual classes and homework. I got another call from Gabe later that night. 

"Hey babe, how's the trip so far?" I asked her.

"It is amazing! I wish you were here to enjoy it with me. The weather is perfect and our hotel is beautiful."

Gabe tends to talk a little louder when she drinks and I could definitely tell she had had a few. I asked her what swimsuit she had worn down to the pool and she told me she decided on the floral one that she picked out. 

"What did your friends think about your thong?" I asked her.

"They were pretty surprised that I would wear it. They asked me if you knew about it and I told them we picked it out together," she explained. "They couldn't believe you were ok with me showing off my bare butt, but they were very impressed with you," she laughed.

I little smile came across my face too and I told her that I thought all her friends would now want to go to the stores down there and get a similarly revealing suit for themselves. She laughed and said a few of them had already decided to do just that. I knew this would end up being a plus for me in the end because I would get to see the pictures of her friends in their sexy suits when they got home. It would also loosen Gabe up a little more when her friends were just as exposed as she was.

Gabe told me their group of girls was approached by several groups of guys down by the pool. She said she received several compliments about her suit and how hot she looked. I started getting a hard-on again picturing Gabe in her suit, all wet and glowing in the sun. I was jealous of the guys who got to see that. 

"So what's the plan for tonight?" I asked.

"We are going to take it pretty easy tonight. We are all pretty tired from the flight and we've all had enough to drink already anyways. I will call you later tonight."

Later Gabe explained that the first night was uneventful and they were heading to bed now. When we talked in the morning she said they were going to hang out at the pool again and the resort had several activities planned for all the younger spring breakers. I told her that might be a good opportunity to do some "accidental" flashing. She mentioned she was nervous about it and it felt different while I wasn't there. I told her to just let go and have fun and if she feels like the right moment happens to take advantage of it and for her to text me later.

I waited around nervously for Gabe to text me about any flashing she might have done. The thought of her exposing herself to a bunch of young, horny guys was racing through my mind and I contemplated how I should feel about it. I remembered how amazing that night in Daytona was realized I had no problem sharing my girlfriend's assets. And I trusted Gabe to not take it too far. I was getting awfully excited. I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket and I fished it out. I looked at the screen for awhile before I opened the message from Gabe. What's it going to be?

Finally I opened the text message and the words made my heart pound in my chest, "I did it."

I hurriedly typed back my response, "Explain", was all I could get my fingers to type.

I waited patiently and nervously her Gabe's response. I knew it might take awhile for her to type everything that happened so I was surprised when I phone buzzed again so soon.

I opened the message right away, "I went down the waterslide with Sarah...." That was all she wrote. She was teasing me. She knew the anticipation was killing me.

I responded, "And...."

"And when we got to the bottom and went underwater I pulled one side of my bikini to the side."

"What happened after that?" I typed as fast as I could.

"Well... one of my tits popped out. I got out of the pool and pretended I didn't notice. Everyone was staring at me."

"Holy shit Gabe! That makes me so horny. How long did you stay like that?"

"After about a minute Sarah told me my boob was showing so I acted embarrassed and fixed it. So many guys saw me like that. They all laughed and cheered after I realized I had flashed them."

"How do you feel?" I asked.

I got a one word response back, "horny". 

Sharing Our Fantasies Ch. 03
Gabe's spring break trip to Cancun with her girlfriends was off to a hot start. She had "accidentally" flashed one of her boobs in the hotel pool and I could tell she was getting hornier. We kept texting throughout the day and she told me she had been drinking all day and the booze and the sun was an incredible turn on. 

We kept telling each other how much we wished we were together right now on the beach. I told her I would have been fucking her right there in front of anyone who wanted to watch. 

"That's naughty babe!" she responded to my text.

"Doesn't it feel good to be naughty?" 

"Yes, it makes me horny." She replied.

I knew she must have been pretty drunk because her texting was becoming pretty erotic. It made me a little nervous knowing the combination of booze and horniness usually brings out my girlfriend's inner slut. I wondered just how far this would go. Would she let someone finger her in public like we did in Daytona? Would she go oven further?

I tried to push the last thought out of my head. I trusted Gabe. I knew she wouldn't fuck anyone but me unless we were absolutely sure it was the right thing for our relationship. Right now was not the right time. I trusted that she felt the same way.

The sun went down in Cancun and Gabe texted me to tell me they were going to a bar/nightclub that was right on the beach. 

"What are you going to wear out tonight?" I asked her.

"I was thinking one of my new dresses. What do you think?"

"I think that would look sexy. Underwear?" I asked.

"Do you want me to? I will if you want me to."

"NO I don't want you to babe. I want you to feel as sexy as possible knowing you are naked under your dress." I explained.

"You know there is a chance someone will see up my dress, right?"

"Of course I know! That's why I don't want you to wear panties." 

She told me she had finalized her outfit and she wouldn't wear any panties, as I had requested. I asked her how she felt with just the dress on and she replied that it was making her even hornier. Gabe told me they were going to pregame for awhile in their hotel room before they went to the bar and that she would text me later.

Again, it was hard to keep my mind off Gabe and the whole situation at hand. She was drunk, horny, and in a place where inhibitions are naturally taken away by the booze and weather. My phone buzzed about an hour later. It was a picture message. My heart pounded in my chest as I opened the message and the image downloaded. 

When the picture popped on my screen my cock immediately got hard in my pants. The girls were all obviously still in their hotel room and were apparently drinking quite a bit. The picture was of one of Gabe's friends pulling up the back of her dress to show her bare ass to the camera phone. Gabe had this sexy, innocent look on her face like it was a complete accident that she was caught in that position. 

"You little slut" I responded back. I had added one of those 'wink' faces to let Gabe know I was just joking.

"Yep!" was all she said back.

She told me all the girls were shocked that Gabe was going to go out in a dress and no panties. They again asked if I knew about her doing it and she told them it was my idea. With that, Gabe had dared them all to do the same, to go pantieless tonight at the club. They all agreed. Gabe and her sexy friends were all going to go out tonight in short dresses with no undies. 

Gabe told me they were heading to the club now and she would text or call me when she could. I told her to be safe and that I loved her. She told me that she loved me to and that I should trust her. I did. 

After awhile my phone buzzed again. Another picture message. I opened it up and there was Gabe and all of her friends in the bar, all with their backs facing the camera and skirts and dresses pulled up exposing there bare asses. Some with tiny panties and some with none at all. Gabe was obviously one with no panties. 

I thought to myself, "If all the girls are in this picture, who's taking the picture?" 

"Wow, you girls look sexy!" I texted back.

"Lots of people saw my naked ass baby. Does that turn you on?" Gabe said.

My head was racing. Yes, it turned me on. Yes, I had a raging hard-on. But no, I wasn't there with Gabe to relieve myself. Jealous? Absolutely. Turned on? Definitely.

"Yes it turns me on. I know I'm the luckiest guy in the world to have you. Did you do that right in the middle of the bar? Who took the picture?" I asked.

Gabe explained that there were a lot of girls doing sexy stuff like that. Some girls flashing their boobs, some flashing their asses and some even flashing their pussies. So her and her friends just went along with the horny atmosphere and flashed their asses for the whole bar to see. She said that she asked some random guy to take a picture with her phone because she knew I would like to see it. Well she was right. That picture was all I could handle. I dropped my pants so my cock was no longer straining for freedom.

"How far are you gonna go?" I asked.

"I don't know yet. I want these guys to see me naked. Is there something wrong with me?" she answered.

"Not at all Gabe. You are sexy and you have an amazing body! It's natural to want to show it off. And I want you to show it off!" I assured her. 

"Thanks babe. I will call you later." She responded.

As I waited for her to call me my mind went over the question of how far she would go. I picture different scenarios in my head. Some made me feel better than others. Some I wanted to happen. Others I did not. My girlfriend fucking another guy. No thanks. My girlfriend stripping for the entire bar. Yes please. My girlfriend and her friends touching, feeling, and kissing each other in front of everyone. Fuck ya. My girlfriend sitting on top of the bar, getting fingered and felt up by strangers as she cums over and over again..... Not sure. How horny am I?

After a couple of hours Gabe called me. My heart was beating 1000 miles an hour when I answered. We started the conversation acting as nothing was different, like we had nothing urgent to talk about. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I asked how far she had gone.

She went on to explain that the girls had run into some of the guys from their hotel at the bar. So they were all sitting together, talking and drinking, when the topic of Gabe's accidental exposure came up. The guys and girls all had a laugh at Gabe's expense. The girl's saying how embarrassed hey would be. The guys saying how hot my girlfriend was and how much they enjoyed it. So Gabe decided to drop the truth on them. She had purposely pulled her bikini off and she wanted them to see her boob.

This was met with even greater laughs. The girls couldn't believe she had done it. They jokingly called her a slut and that she was so dirty. Gabe had told me how it made her even hornier when they called her a dirty slut. The guys obviously thanked her and started questioning about her willingness to show off. Gabe had explained that being seen naked turns her on and that her and I do it together a lot. The guys from the hotel mentioned how lucky I was to have a girlfriend like Gabe who knew how sexy she was and wasn't afraid to share it.

So the guys gave her a dare. They dared her to dance on the bar and they would each give her ten bucks if she got naked right there. Some other girls were already showing quite a bit so she knew she wouldn't get kicked out or arrested just for getting naked. Gabe said she was too nervous and didn't want to do it alone. So she offered giving half the money to one of her friends if they joined her. After some begging, Sarah finally agreed to join Gabe on the bar, but wasn't sure how far she would go.

It came as no surprise to me that Sarah was convinced to do it. I always knew she had an inner-slut somewhere in her and she was actually a lot of fun when she drank. So Gabe went on to explain that her and Sarah got on the bar and just started dancing together. They weren't doing anything too naughty to start except for a little groping and grabbing of each other. Gabe mentioned to me how horny it actually made her to have Sarah's hands on her covered ass and tits.

On the bar, Gabe and Sarah continued their dance and had attracted quite the crowd around them. I remembered that neither of them had worn panties out tonight. I imagined myself standing under them looking straight up at their beautiful shaved pussies. I knew there had to be some guys getting that exact view as Gabe and Sarah danced above them.

Their dance started progressing into an erotic show for everyone watching. They began kissing each other and holding each other's bodies close. They had both made out with each other before, so this wasn't shocking to hear. I knew they both had a little bi-curiousness in them. I just didn't know how much. 

They knew they had to eventually get naked if they wanted the money. Sarah didn't want to be the first one exposed so she undid the back of Gabe's dress. Gabe instinctively grabbed the front of her dress to keep herself covered. Sarah, however, wanted my girlfriend's breast exposed to the entire bar right now. So Sarah grabbed Gabe's arms and raised them above her head causing her dress to slip down and expose her cute little tits. At the same time, Sarah gave Gabe a deep kiss and the crowd erupted with cheers.

So my sexy girlfriend was topless and making out with her best friend as a crowd gathered around watched, some getting a great view up their dresses to their shaved pussies. Gabe then undid the back of Sarah's dress and pulled it right done over her larger breasts. Sarah has amazing tits and I have been lucky enough to see them. They are a perfect size right between a B and C cup. They are also nice and perky with great quarter sized nipples.

This drew another cheer from the crowd and Gabe told me how horny they both were at this point. So Gabe started groping Sarah's breasts and brought her mouth down to take a nipple in her mouth. Sarah threw her head back and enjoyed the warm sensation on her nipple. As Gabe licked Sarah's breasts, Sarah was sliding Gabe's dress down her body. Exposing first her waist and tight stomach, then her thin, round hips, and eventually it slid all the way off to expose her perfect ass and wonderful pussy.

Gabe had gone through with her end of the bet. She was naked. Dancing on the bar. Sucking on her friends breasts. She finally pulled her mouth away from Sarah's body and faced the crowd, giving everyone a perfect view of her awesome body in all its glory. I imagined the guys in the front row could make out a glisten of wetness between her pussy lips and her clit starting to grow and expose itself. What a sight.

But Sarah still needed to fulfill her end of the deal and Gabe was going to make sure she did. Gabe got behind Sarah and started grinding with her, reaching around to grab her tits. She grabbed the sides of Sarah's dress and began slowly sliding it down her body. The crowd chanting "take it off, take it off." As she slid the dress down her hips, Gabe had to bend at the waist to get it off all the way. I imagined the people behind getting a great view of her pussy peaking out behind her wonderfully round ass. 

Gabe finally got Sarah's dress all the way off and they were both completely nude in front of the whole bar. Still behind Sarah, Gabe reached around and put her hands on Sarah's pussy. By this point the crowd was just continuously cheering and encouraging the two girls to take it further. So Gabe did. With both hands, she spread Sarah's pussy and exposed the inner pink of her friend's cunt. Sarah leaned back against Gabe and moaned. Gabe moved a finger to Sarah's clit and started rubbing.

As Gabe continued to tell me about what had happened my cock I was rubbing my cock, imagining how wet their pussies were, imagining all those people in the crowd getting hard looking at my girlfriend and her best friend. Gabe continued to rub Sarah's pussy and eventually got her close to orgasm. But Gabe wanted to tease her friend and make her even hornier. So she stopped and went around to dance next to Sarah. 

Gabe described to me some of the dance moves she used during her nude show. She was constantly rubbing her body, running her hands up and down her thighs, up to her tits, and back down to her ass and pussy. She said she squatted down a few times and spread her legs, giving her close viewers a great view into her pussy. She told me people kept trying to touch and grab her, and that one guy had slipped a finger into her pussy while she wasn't paying attention. Gabe told me that she didn't want to repeat Daytona tonight because she didn't know how far the touching would go without me there. So she waved over a bouncer to stand near her and make sure no one would touch her anymore.

This show was about her and Sarah anyways. Sarah wanted to return the favor Gabe had given her so in the same position Gabe used; Sarah got behind Gabe and started rubbing my girlfriend's pussy. Now my girlfriend gets really wet when she is aroused. She told me that she was getting soaking wet, to a point where her pussy was literally dripping. Gabe spread her own legs to allow Sarah better access to her juicy cunt as well as giving her fans a great view of the action.

Sarah slipped one finger into Gabe's pussy while she rubbed her clit with the other hand. Gabe told me the crowd had started chanting "one more in, one more in". Sarah understood they meant put another finger into Gabe's pussy, so she did. Two fingers in Gabe's sloppy cunt and another hand rubbing her clit. I knew she had to be in ecstasy. The crowd wasn't satisfied, however, with two fingers. They continued their chant "one more in, one more in". Sarah obliged.

Now three fingers inside my girlfriend's pussy. This was how many were inside her in Daytona. And that was two different guys fingering her. This was her best friend. I wondered how many she would be able to take. The crowd pushed them even further. Sarah furiously rubbed my girlfriend's clit as she rammed three fingers inside her trying to loosed her up even more. Slowly she managed to slip a fourth finger into my tiny girlfriend's stretching pussy.

The crowd had now changed their chant. They wanted more "fist the slut, fist the slut". I wish I was there. I knew Gabe loved that kind of dirty talk. She whispered in Sarah's ear that she wanted her to do it. Sarah continued to finger-fuck my girlfriend for awhile in front of the crowd, stretching her usually tight pussy. Gabe told me it felt so amazing to have all those fingers inside her. She wanted another so bad. So Sarah slowly started working her fifth and final finger into Gabe's soaking pussy.

When Sarah had finally got the fifth finger in, the crowd went absolutely nuts. Gabe told me that Sarah couldn't get her whole fist in past the last knuckles, but she was able to move and stretch all five fingers inside of her pussy. With the crowd's reaction to the fisting, my girlfriend was sent over the edge. She told me it was the biggest orgasm she had ever had. Bigger than anytime we fucked, and bigger than the one in Daytona. I imagined how wet and juicy she would get as Sarah worked her fist in and out as my girlfriend came.

Gabe said she was screaming and moaning, right there in front of everyone. I could imagine her head back, hands on her tits, and gyrating her hips while she moaned "OOOOOOOOH SHIT, IM CUMMMING, OH FUCK YES DON'T STOP!"

Hearing Gabe tell me this story and picturing it in my head also sent me over the edge. I shot my load wishing I was shooting into Gabe's stretched pussy right there on that bar. When Gabe had come down from her orgasm, her and Sarah gathered their clothes and gave each other one last kiss on stage before climbing down the bar and putting their clothes back on. That's when Gabe called me.

After she finished telling the story she said they were all heading back to their hotel now. She was obviously pretty tired after her performance and wanted to shower and go to bed. I told her how horny her story had made me and that I was glad she had fun and enjoyed herself.

"Thank you for being so great about all this. I promise to make it up to you when I get home."
