John returned to the flat. It was often quiet, when Sherlock was not in a frenzy of activity, but the quiet seemed to be of a different character - a sinister quiet, a tangible one. An open jar of jam sat on the table, clearly out of place amongst the papers, boxes, and dusty skulls. John picked it up, frowning. What kind of a strange clue to Sherlock's state of mind was this supposed to be?

The door to Sherlock's room was open slightly. John steeled himself and peeked in, resting his head against the doorframe. Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed, his head hanging down. He seemed almost not to notice John at first. When he did look up, the sight was startling. Sherlock's normally pale face was even paler; his eyes were bleary, with dark rings beneath.

It was clearly past the time that John should come clean. "Look - I'm sorry."

Sherlock frowned, straightening a little. What was John waiting for - that couldn't possibly be the end of the statement.

John closed his eyes. He thought he had planned decently well for this conversation, but it was one of those conversations that laughed evilly at any attempt to plan for it. He took a deep breath. "I can't change myself."

"Why would you possibly want to?" Speaking felt rather like scrubbing his throat with a loofa. Not very pleasant, and generally unnecessary.

Having his eyes closed actually helped, John decided. He could pretend he was speaking to air. "I don't want to make you unhappy or uncomfortable. That... pretty much means I can't stay."

Sherlock looked away, closing his eyes. "I can't say I wasn't expecting that." It came out flatly, though with something of a hitch. Not unexpected. Expected, in other words. Yes.

John nodded, opening his eyes. "It's probably a relief for you."

Relief? Possibly. After all, this was the inevitable end, merely coming a little sooner than expected. Enduring the waiting for months, constantly wondering - that would have been torture. Relief then, perhaps. Sherlock found he simply could not reply; he could do little else but press his eyes and mouth shut, shivering.

John tuned away. He walked to his chair and sat, feeling like he was twice his weight. Good god, he thought, Sherlock can't even look at me anymore. Well, what did he expect. He knew it would be... bad.

Sherlock felt nearly paralyzed with what he could not place. It was unwelcome; terrifying - he was afraid. Much more than from the sex, from John's words in the flat, from anything ever before. There was a hole in his chest, and the world seemed to be falling into it, sucked into the void it felt like. And so, Sherlock collapsed into himself, wondering at the way his body shook and at the odd sounds escaping him.

John heard something he wasn't quite sure he could believe. He hauled himself to his feet and walked to the door. "Sherlock - what's wrong," he sighed. The sight of the man - wait, was he crying? John didn't think the man had tears, much less any ability to shed them. Watching Sherlock cry was like watching birds flying through tarmac, or fish serving coffee. Granted, the picture before John would not seem dramatic if it were anyone else; Sherlock was merely slumped on the edge of the bed, the slight movement of his shoulders indicating irregular breathing - was it sobs? Surely not. "Sherlock.." John bit his lip. He was confused, massively confused. He loved Sherlock. This disgusted Sherlock. Leaving should delight the man. What was wrong?

Control, once lost, was too far away to regain so quickly, but Sherlock owed it to John to try. Summoning his deepest reserves, he managed to look straight at him. "You're right," he said, in a vague semblance of his regular voice, wincing internally at the sound of it, "I can't be human."

John frowned. "What's going on?"

"How pathetic," Sherlock spat the word, "do you have to be to be unable to handle the fact that someone loves you."

John shoved his hands into his pockets. "It happens. You love someone, they don't love you back, it's nothing but awkwardness. But it happens all the time. The modern pop song industry would collapse without unrequited love."

"Yes, well, the thing about those millions of fictional people, John, is that they were able to relate to the concept of being loved without having a panic attack." Sherlock clutched the bed frame, as if its solidity could somehow be transferred. This was not like him, he did not feel; he thought and knew.

John stepped back slightly. This was all wrong, terribly wrong. "Look, nothing's going to happen, all right? I'm not going to touch you, violate your personal space, annyothat..." he trailed off, looking everywhere but at Sherlock. What must the man think of him, to react like this...

"No, I've made sure of that, haven't I?" Sherlock tried to laugh; even at that, he now failed, the sound jarring oddly. "It figures. The Great Sherlock Holmes found the one thing that would make John Watson leave him. And for my next trick, I will shoot myself in the foot!"

John crossed his arms defensively over his chest. "Sherlock, isn't this what you want?"

Anger filled Sherlock, fuelled him, giving him the energy, once more, for a taste of control. "I've been offered a knighthood, the crown jewels of a small African nation, a Central American country and someone's actual daughter, but none of it ever interested me." It never had. Why should it? He had his work, and none of those things could possibly aid that. But now... He looked at John, intently. "If I could give them in trade to make you stay, I would."

This was... all backwards, upside down; it made no sense. Even less sense than Sherlock normally made. John covered his face with his hand. "I don't understand."

"I'm not sure I could ever say it, but..." The concept, the very idea was beyond him. That did not, however, make it any less true. Sherlock struggled, searching for the words to convey it. "I do." A pathetic attempt. It seemed the order of the day.

John looked up. A structure was forming in his mind, one that made sense of the situation. It was also far too good to actually be true, however. "You... do." John jerked his head in the direction of the flat where he had made his unfortunate declaration. "That thing."

Sherlock swallowed, looking up. That simple. That... grotesquely stupid. "I do."

John exhaled a shuddering sigh. It was definitely too good to be true. He opened his mouth, closed it again, and tried again. "So the other night."

Sherlock offered him a faltering smile. "Panic." He looked away. The timing had been terrible, but would it ever have been right? The problem, Sherlock knew, was not about the when, but the who, and what that who was capable of. Or not. "Like I said, pathetic. Any sane person would leave; I don't blame you."

John scratched his head. He had never been accused of sanity, certainly. "To err is human..." he offered, stepping inside of the room as if in demonstration.

Bold statements, the entrance doubly so. Sherlock merely observed, not willing to commit to a conclusion just yet. Several came to mind, but he wanted only one of them. Dismiss the impossible, and what remained, however improbable, would be the truth. This though, this was impossible. Wasn't it?

John tentatively sat next to Sherlock. This freedom was intoxicating. Being this close to Sherlock was equally intoxicating. Then Sherlock's hand reached out for his, as though to assure itself John was really there. John took it, squeezing.

"I'm so hungry I must be hallucinating," Sherlock mumbled. This warmth was no hallucination, though, nor the firm grip of John's hand. Not the strongly beating pulse in John's wrist. Impossible, or merely improbable? Either way, Sherlock needed it.

Of course. Sherlock must have not eaten since the beginning of the case. "We need food." He kissed Sherlock's hand, because it was there, and eminently kissable.

With access granted to John's face, Sherlock ran his fingers across it, feeling John pull in a deep sigh. Reactions. Like rare chemicals interacting. When Sherlock lay his hand flat across John's cheek, John pressed against it, moving, turning the static hold into a caress. Sherlock closed his eyes. "Definitely hallucinating."

John dropped Sherlock's hand. He needed more - more certainty, more contact, more Sherlock. He took the other man's head in his hands, kissing him on the lips.

Sherlock moved his lips softly, shivering. He needed this; needed to stop thinking, stop controlling and let someone else take over, just for a while. For a short while. John could do that. John could make him forget himself.

John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him close, rubbing his back and hair. Sherlock was alive, Sherlock loved him, and John could not have enough confirmation of these facts. He kissed Sherlock almost desperately.

Sherlock followed eagerly; whimpering now, still shivering. He could and would not relent; following John's every movement, fearing the loss of contact.

John finally, regretfully, broke away. "I need to get you fed; jam isn't dinner."

Hunger and an entirely different sort of need had blended together in Sherlock's mind, to the point where he could no longer adequately tell the two apart. "Please," he mumbled, not entirely sure what he was asking for.

"I'll order out. Give me a moment. You're not a maiden, I don't want you to swoon in my arms." With a weak smile, Sherlock collapsed back onto the bed, and John paused to look at him for a moment. He looked like Adonis, yes, but an underfed Adonis in need of a rest. John tore himself away to call up some curry.

After making the order and tossing the phone aside, John stepped back into the doorway - but stopped there. Sherlock lay on the bed, as pale as wax, his face haggard even in repose. John couldn't bring himself to walk in and disturb Sherlock's rest.

The emotional rollercoaster that the last few days had run him on was sweeping up another massive hill. Sherlock loved him? John didn't want to even hope that was true. But he could not help it; the thought of lying with this man, holding him close, brought a completely idiotic thrill. If there were a plunge from these dizzying heights, it would be a pisser.

But he could at least do right by Sherlock, and let him doze until food arrived. John turned to look at the jar of jam on the table, wrinkling his nose in disgust. Had Sherlock eaten right out of the jar? The stained fork beside the jar certainly hinted at that.

John closed the jar and tossed it in the refrigerator, ignoring the disembodied finger in the crisper. He hated jam.

John sat in his chair and waited, tapping his fingers idly. The food arrived after an eternity that was probably not much more than fifteen minutes. He carried the boxes into the bedroom. Sherlock was not yet awake, and John hesitated. Which was more pressing, food or rest? Soon enough, however, the lean form on the bed stirred, contorting itself to sit up, stretching. John sat on the bed, opening the two containers and handing Sherlock a plastic fork. "Eat."

The smell and sight of warm, fragrant food bypassed Sherlock's rational mind, appealing straight to his instincts. He grabbed the fork and the nearest foil-lined container, eating ravenously, and with very little finesse. Chunks of meat, sauce and vegetables caressed his tongue, the spices tingling his palate, warming as much as the dish itself and piping hot rice. He felt himself returning to himself, bit by bit, as the food was consumed, heat pooling, he was half-aware, in his groin as he ate.

John ate sparingly; he hadn't starved himself for days, after all. It was far more exciting, anyway, to see Sherlock indulge himself, as used as John was to seeing the man deny his body. When Sherlock was done with his portion, John offered him his own.

Sherlock accepted it eagerly, eating more slowly now, relishing the flavors and the sheer pleasure of food, which normally escaped him. But now, next to John, both sated and ignited, he relished every bite, licking his fingers when it was all gone, still hungry for more.

John had to smile. It was practically sensual, seeing Sherlock's naked joy at eating.

More. Yes. There was a garish orange smear of stray sauce on the side of John's mouth. Sherlock put the cartons on the floor, leaning over John and licking it away, still fuelled by the hunger, underlined by something more, now. He felt and heard John gasping and grabbing his sides - that felt good; it grounded Sherlock as he licked John's lips, draining any trace of spice and cream from them and then licking still, pressing closer to get at it - them - all of it. All of John.

This sexual aggressiveness on Sherlock's part was unexpected, unprecedented. It excited John beyond all reason, and he grabbed Sherlock tighter, kissing the man deeply, tasting the curry in his mouth, pushing Sherlock backwards onto the bed. Sherlock moaned open-mouthed; pulling John closer still and pushing up against him. John started to pull at Sherlock's clothing. Naked, yes, naked would be the right thing, and more of this wet messy perfect dance of lips and tongue.

Yes; clothes should come off. Sherlock tried his best to help undress himself - at any rate, he pulled at garments somewhat in tandem with John. It worked, if slowly; skin emerged, cooling in the chill air of the flat, exposed.

Sherlock's torso was irresistible; pale, lean, delectable. John fell across it, kissing that arch of neck, licking the nipples, hard and warm on his tongue. Sherlock gasped arching up to meet him, his hands running down to John's hips. John bit at one ruddy nipple - harder than he had planned, in his eagerness - as he pulled Sherlock's trousers and underpants down. Sherlock's every exhale was a whimper; precome had wet the front of his underpants to the point where a dark stain was showing. John yanked them down, freeing the erection to spring up eagerly. He took that cock into his mouth like a starving man. Yes, this is what he had been craving, more than food - hell, more than oxygen. He needed this, needed Sherlock.

Gasping, Sherlock’s hips twitched, his back arching. He lost his grip on John; he had lost his grip on quite a lot of things, and that was all right. He wanted more of it; give himself up to John's control completely. He could still feel the sweet sting of teeth on his nipples; such a lovely burn. More of that, there. More of that everywhere.

It was good, but it wasn't enough. John snaked his hands around to grab Sherlock's buttocks, pulling upwards to bring the man's cock more deeply into his mouth. Yes, yes - this was filling.

A little beyond words right now, Sherlock muttered nonsensical syllables. There was a John or two in there though; always that, and John's shoulders in his grasp, John's fingers, exploring him. As they held his buttocks firmly, splaying out and probing a little between them, Sherlock's eyes went wide. Yes, that, yes, now!. He tried to wiggle to encourage them, get them closer, inside, pushing, probing - yes, this, yes!

John could feel encouragement when it was offered, and go with it. He slipped a finger inside, sucking deeply.

"Oh!" More of a breath than an exclamation escaped Sherlock; it ended in a deeper moan as he squeezed John's shoulders. More. Harder. Now..

John pushed harder, experimentally. If it pleased Sherlock, then at the moment, it had to happen, no questions. Sherlock kept pushing back, panting open-mouthed, so John slipped in another finger. This was exciting, and was giving him ideas he probably shouldn't be having. He distracted himself by swallowing as much of Sherlock's cock as he could, practically choking on it.

Pleasure hit Sherlock, abruptly, startling; nearly knocking him out. He arched off the bed, mind blissfully empty of thoughts, feeling and sensation taking their place. The orgasm pulsed through him as he came off in John's mouth, spilling himself, being drawn in as he was drawn out.

Even the bitter taste of Sherlock's come was somehow exciting, in this context, and John swallowed it eagerly, licking the cock clean. Sherlock was gasping deeply, even whining a little as he slowly wound down, until he was finally just breathing, face seeming focused only on that one task. Feeling that he had nothing more to contribute, John pulled back, panting. He needed... he needed something, he wasn't sure what, but in the meantime, the blissful, wide-eyed expression on Sherlock's face would do nicely. He leaned for another kiss.

More. Yes. Even more. Sherlock took a beat to recover, before kissing back with utter devotion. John was tight and warm and close, but there was too much covering him up; Sherlock pushed at it, at the shirt and trousers, the latter’s tight, but not tight enough - he needed skin.

John helped to remove his own clothing; yes, he needed more, more flesh on flesh, and as soon as possible. As soon, it seemed, as he was able, Sherlock grabbed John's erection, just sort of holding on to it, like it was a rare commodity. John gasped, bucking into Sherlock's hand.

This was close. This was good. Not close enough, but getting there. Sherlock pulled at John, stroking his firm, solid cock, licking the side of his face and up to his ear. He liked John's ears, liked all of him, in fact, but they were a pleasing shape, yielding to the pressure of Sherlock's tongue. Not yet though; as yet there was John's cheek to explore; soft, yet firm, grazed with stubble.

The tongue on his cheek did something very deep and primal to John, and he shivered, hard.

Now, the ear. John liked his voice, Sherlock knew that, and he wanted John undone, wanted that more than anything. He breathed into it, settling close, his nose nudging against it. "I dream about you fucking me," he said, softly, lips nearly touching skin.

Words, just words. Words should not have this effect on him - they should not make him choke, make him even harder than he was, even if they were delivered in such a dark, sultry voice, and so perfectly echoed something he hadn't quite realized he wanted to do so much. Sherlock was still moaning into his ear and stroking him slowly. "No lube," John choked. Oh, he wanted that more than air, but not enough to hurt Sherlock over it.

Trivialities. Unimportant. But Sherlock could sense John's reluctance; knew he would not yield to demands or whiny pleading. That was good. God, was that good, but then, the thought of it... "Later. Please." Sherlock ached, just at the thought of it.

It wouldn't be enough, John knew, but there was simply no way to resist, and so he wet two fingers in his mouth, pressing them inside of Sherlock. Oh, god, he almost came just doing that - so warm, so tight, so wanton to want this...

Sherlock nearly cried out at the feel of John's fingers back inside of him (where they belong, a dark voice whispered); this was good, he could get by on this. John's fingers, probing him, stretching him... Sherlock stroked John's cock more urgently, feeling another finger slip in. That was... too much was not the word - he had no words - but his mouth tried to form them anyway, gaping as he gasped for breath.

The longer he did this, the better it would be for Sherlock, but there was only so long he could wait; John withdrew his fingers, working up a mouthful of saliva. Sherlock was whimpering and stroking him fast, sucking at his neck. John tried to cover his cock with saliva; it would have to do...

A thrill of shocked anticipation hit Sherlock at the sight; that could mean only one thing, and Sherlock needed it like he needed oxygen; all the more for thinking it would be denied him. He shuddered, pushing back against John. "Oh... please..."

John started to press inside, gingerly. He would have to stop, if this hurt too much, and Sherlock was a virgin in this way and he really shouldn't be initiated like this, but... Then Sherlock threw his head back, forcing sounds of pleasure out through gritted teeth. The sight was ridiculously exciting; John carefully slid in farther, telling himself, like a mantra, slowly, slowly, slowly.

Pain. Sherlock cried out, his eyes widening with the shock of it. Such pain! Quite nearly pleasure, really, and how it made him feel - so close to John, so owned by him, so under his control. He would have come, had he not been spent already.

John let a little more saliva fall; it would have to do. He started to move in and out - so tight, so perfect, so - hell, he was not going to last. Sherlock grabbed his sides, clinging to him, trying to lock eyes. His own were wide open, shining. Reason and sanity were flitting away, borne on the wings of sex and tight and sensation and Sherlock and yes, god yes. John started to pound hard and fast, giving in to sensation.

Sherlock was lost, utterly, lost to everything, lost to John, and the pain, the searing, caressing pain, and the fullness, and pleasure like a dull ache in the background. His mouth opened and his eyes fluttered closed; Sherlock tried to open them again, needing to see this, but his head fell back in a wanton moan. His own body was no longer his to control. He was John's plaything.

The sight completely undid John - Sherlock so aroused, so clearly wanting what John so much wanted himself; he groaned fuck yes, pounding harder - surely he would drive them both through the mattress - bracing himself with his hands on either side of Sherlock, feeling sweat run down his face. Sherlock cried out, moving with him at first, if erratically, and then, slowly, giving in entirely, just lying back to let himself be moved. Orgasm took John hard - harder than usual; his head went light, he was dashed on rocks by waves of pleasure, it was so good it almost hurt. "God... yes... yes!" Was that someone else yelling, far away, with his voice?

A little dizzy from the pain and intensity, Sherlock could only whimper. He was splayed across the bed, hips moving to meet John's thrusts again and again. His eyes were closed, opening them was too strenuous a task to contemplate, and anyway, who needed eyes when there was all this sensation; pleasure bleeding into pain and leaving him numb and weak and blissed out.

John shivered as the spasms of orgasm petered out, leaving him weak and drained. His head fell forward, and he gasped for breath. Beneath him, Sherlock's eyes slowly opened, studying him. John pulled out, choking as his head caught on the way out. He moaned an expletive at the sharp sting of sensation. Sherlock yelped in kind and bit his lip before meeting John's eyes again. Oh, hell, they shouldn't have done this without lube... "You... all right?" John panted.

Words. They could mean anything. Sherlock found he was smiling anyway; his face would not fall into any other expression. Not that he minded; he was perfectly content to lie here, looking up at John and relishing in their mutual existence. He nodded. That, at least, seemed possible.

That would do, for now. John couldn't think about it anymore - he couldn't think about anything anymore. He collapsed next to Sherlock. He wanted to say, "I love you," as it's the proper thing to say to someone you love after sex, but he shouldn't say it to Sherlock... he settled for just mumbling it inaudibly. If Sherlock heard it, he gave no notice, turning on his side to throw an arm around John; cringing a little. John pulled Sherlock tight. Something was nagging at his spent brain - oh, yes. They had more room; he was not teetering near the edge of the bed while lying next to Sherlock. "New bed," he mumbled.

The pain was fading to a dull sort of memory in Sherlock's mind, leaving contentedness in its wake. He was, however, starting to think rationally again. Though not quite, yet. "Yes."

"Good fit." John fumbled for the blanket, which had been kicked most of the way onto the floor, and pulled it up over the two of them.

"You have no idea," Sherlock mumbled. They did fit, the two of them. How extraordinary. Something to consider and contemplate further. Well, there would be time. Presumably.

"Mm?" John had no idea what Sherlock had just said. He had very little idea about anything. All he knew was warmth, and Sherlock close, and love, and sexual satiety, and the darkness of a deep, dreamless sleep.

Sherlock kissed John's cheek and lay back, his head feeling heavier now, with his full faculties slowly returning. So, it would be the two of them now, for a while. A long while, even. Quite possibly. Something new, this; a relationship. They did not work, not in Sherlock's experience, but then again, it was true that he did not have personal experience. He would now, of course.

All things were transient. Interests waned, hobbies grew boring; what once seemed new and exciting so often - inevitably - grew lacklustre with familiarity, which, of course, always bred contempt. People were limited by their lifespans, the last few decades of which were hardly productive; bodies grew frail, and even the mind would fail, eventually. Even Sherlock's mind, though he had long ago made provisions against having to endure that.

Sherlock turned, pressing his face against John's warm, still-flushed skin. Layers of epidermal tissue stretched over bone and muscle; all so very perishable. Sherlock closed his eyes, kissing it, feeling John shift in his sleep. All things were transient. It had never really bothered him, before.

The bed was, as had been pointed out, just big enough for the both of them, and comfortably so. And thus the hours passed with John's gentle snores, Sherlock's arm winding carefully around him.

And then, eventually, came morning.