Slutty Sue and Her Day at the Beach
byraidernation25©

I love summer. No doubt it's my favorite time of the year. I love the heat and humidity, and really enjoy cooling off at the pool, a nice lake or the ocean.

During my junior year in college I went to the local state park with some of my sorority sisters. I was wearing a new white bikini that unbeknownst to me became transparent when it got wet. 

Since we were going to the park on a Wednesday afternoon there would be very few people at the beach. 

"Hurry up slowpokes!" my sorority sister Jan called out. "Come on in. The water is awesome!" she cried out.

I took off my sundress and ran to the waters edge.

Suddenly I heard a whistle blowing the heard, "Slow down. No running!"

I looked towards my right and saw a cute lifeguard who was admonishing me for running.

"Sorry," I replied and I waved to him as I entered the lake. "Oh shit!" I screamed out. "I thought you said the water was warm!"

"No," Jan replied. "I said the water was awesome."

The cool lake water hit me like a ton of bricks. I had goose bumps as I took a dip in the 70F water.

"Oh baby. Look at Susie. You can tell she's cold," Jan exclaimed.

"Why'd you bother wearing a suit?" Kelly asked.

"What do ya mean?" I asked.

"Did you see your suit?" Jan asked.

"Oh fuck!" I cried out as I looked down and my quarter size areolas and hard nipples were clearly visible for everyone to see.

"I guess Susie-Q is looking to get laid," Kelly stated.

"I didn't know," I replied. "I had no idea the suit was transparent."

"Well you might wanna keep your waist below water because I can tell you have a shaved bush," Jan stated.

"Oh fuck!" I decreed. My face was red and I felt flush. "How am I gonna get out of the water?"

"I guess you're going to put on a hell of a show," Kelly explained.

I was kneeling in the water wondering what I was going to do next when the lifeguard stood up and blew his whistle.

"Everyone out of the water. There's a storm in the area," he cried out.

"Its showtime!" Jan joked as we all got out of the water.

I ran over to my towel and felt like the eyes of every guy was watching me as I wrapped the towel around me.

"I'm so embarrassed!" I told Jan and Kelly.

"Why so. You look great and I'm sure you could have every guy here if you wanted to."

Just then we heard a loud crash of thunder and the ten or so people on the beach ran towards the covered pavilion to get out of the coming storm.

I took a seat on one of the picnic tables and the cute lifeguard was standing next to me.

"Sorry I yelled at you for running, but it’s the rule," he explained.

"Oh, no problem," I replied.

"Hi I'm Brian. Do you go to WSU?"

"Why yes I do. How'd you know?"

"I think we're both in economics 204 on Thursdays," he replied.

"Oh yeah. You do look familiar." 

We both made small talk as the storm raged on. It was a real strong summer storm and the wind really picked up and we were all getting fearful that a tornado could be coming.

Brian's cell phone let out a loud audible alarm then he blew his whistle and called out, "Hurry up everyone. The weather service has issued a tornado warning so we'd better get to the storm cellar in the snack shop.

The half dozen of us still waiting out the storm ran thru the pouring rain to get to the storm shelter. We entered the shelter and Brian shut the door just as the power went out.

There was Brian the lifeguard, my two sorority sisters, myself and two twenty-something surfer looking dudes waiting out the storm in the shelter.

"I'm scared!" Jan cried out.

"It'll be okay," the one surfer dude called out.

Brian opened the door and was looking out just as a tree fell near the snack shop.

"Everybody take cover. I think a tornado is nearby."

I was frightened but soon Brian was standing behind me and he put his arms around me, "Don't worry Sue. Everything will be alright. We're safe in here."

I felt his warm breath on my neck and had chills running up and down my spine. I heard moaning and the sound of kissing and knew right away that Jan and Kelly had hooked up with the surfers.

"I'm frightened. Hold me Brian," I whispered to him.

He held onto me tightly and I could feel a large bulge up against my back. I looked up in his direction and our lips met.

"Take me I'm yours," I decreed.

Brian and I were kissing passionately when his right hand found my tits. He was pinching my erect nipples through my bikini top and I reached behind and untied my top releasing my perky 34Bs.

"Suck on them. Suck on my tits!" I cried out as he leaned over and took my right breast in his mouth.

I started rubbing the bulge in his swim trunks and quickly pulled them down releasing his firm hard cock. As I stroked his cock he pulled my bottoms off and inserted several fingers in my wet shaved pussy.

"Oh fuck me! Fuck me good!" Jan shouted out and the rest of us all chuckled.

We soon heard the sound of slapping skin as Jan was getting nailed by a surfer dude.

"I'm cumming!" was the next thing we heard as the other surfer dude came in Kelly's mouth.

I stopped Brian and got on my knees and took his cock in my mouth. I licked the pre-cum off the head of his cock as i slowly took all of him in my mouth.

"Oh yes! Suck it babe!" he cried out.

"Ohhhhh yesssss!" Jan screamed out as she reached a probable climax. 

Brian picked me up and put me on a cold table and spread my legs apart. He leaned over and buried his head in my crotch.

I pulled his head tight into my wet cunt as he licked my clit.

"Yessss. Oh fuckkkkkk! Holy fuckkkk! I'm cumming!" I screamed as I reached a massive orgasm.

I was regaining my composure as Brian buried his hard cock deep inside of me. He was buried balls deep inside of me and I could hear the moaning and sounds of three couples fucking.

Then all of a sudden the lights came back on and we were all surprised. It didn't stop us from fucking and Brian let out a scream as he exploded inside of me filling my pussy with his warm sticky seed.

"That was great!" he commented as he collapsed on top of me. His cock was throbbing as he was still inside of me.

After a couple of minutes of rest I looked around and saw Jan sucking on the cock of one of the surfers while the other surfer was fucking her. Kelly was rubbing the balls of the surfer fucking Jan and she put a finger up his ass.

"Jeez!" he screamed and that made him shoot his load inside of Jan.

"Come here and cum on my tits!" Kelly demanded and surfer boy pulled out and she ran over and stroked his cock until he came on her tits. She was covered in his white sticky seed all over her large perky 36Cs.

Just then we heard a pounding on the door.

"Fire department! Is there anybody in there?" a voice called out.

"Yeah! I'm the lifeguard and I have five others with me," Brian replied.

"Okay great. Any injuries?"

"Nope we're all okay."

"Great. Give us a few minutes to cut up the trees and we'll get you guys out."

We all cleaned up and dressed quickly and after 10-15 minutes the door was opened and as we emerged we saw total destruction. The snack shop was leveled and trees were down everywhere.

My car had a huge branch penetrating the front windshield and it was pretty much totaled. The only saving grace was there were no injuries.

"Well if you want I can take you home?" Brian asked.

"Sure why not," I replied.

Thus a new hot sexual affair was born. Brian and I remained lovers for the next two years and all because I wore a slutty bikini.

