Chinni the little guru

By: ISS


My name is Veer, age 20, studying F.Y.B.Com. Usually I go to college in
the mornings and come home by afternoon. I never liked to waste my time
in college campus after classes were over. I like to study seriously at
home. Because of this all my friends call me a nerd and laugh at me, so
I don't have much friends. My father works as a Manager for a bank. One
day we had one of his old colleagues, Mr. Raghu Srinivasan, to stay with
us for a month. I call him Raghu Uncle.

He had arrived with his wife, Veni Aunty approx. age 35, and a daughter
Chinni, age 16 appearing for S.S.C. I felt like love at first sight with
Chinni. Since they are from the south, both the females had a very sexy
figure (the heavy bulky type). Although Chinni was being very shy with
me. I was quite polite and friendly with her but she kept running away
from me. Veni Aunty is also a very kind lady. I felt terribly attracted
towards Chinni's seductive movements such as swaying her hips gracefully
when she walked, swinging her arms in the air to express during a
conversation like classical dancers do, pushing her large breasts out
temptingly when bending forward, etc.

Chinni always wore only salwar-kameezes of a very fine choice and most
of them were pretty see-through from which she loved exhibiting her
white lacy bras. Her mother was no less. Veni Aunty was always seen in
sarees in pastel shades and unmistakably expensive. Similar to Chinni's,
Veni Aunt's sarees and blouses were so see-through that others used to
feel embarrassed to look at her. And the blouses generally were
low-cut-neck giving a panoramic view of her cleavage. One other
difference between the mother and daughter I observed in following days
was that Veni Aunty had a wide range of colourful and fancy
undergarments that were naturally visible to the naked eye under the
thin film of her saree and blouse fabric. I can't imagine her boldness
to move in public in such provocative attire. But she seemed simple by
nature, loving and caring to all and so I respected her. I was so
obsessed by Chinni's sex appeal that I wished to get to touch her at
least once before they left our place. Every time I made an attempt she
would slip away with some excuse.

Raghu Uncle was accommodated in my father's bedroom and I had to share
my room with all the ladies together, including my mother of course. My
mother liked to sleep in between Chinni and Veni Aunty so that she could
gossip with both of them before sleeping. My mother is a deep sleeper
and is totally unaware of her surroundings while sleeping. She's also
extremely
punctual, waking up at 6 a.m. sharp, not a minute before or after that.
For natural reasons Chinni was made to sleep at one end and me at the
other. So it was Chinni, then my mother, then Veni Aunty and finally me.
I cursed my bad luck with Chinni. I was still trying to work out how to
reach her. Since Mummy is a deep sleeper I knew I didn't have to worry
about her waking
before the clock struck 6 in the morning.

Now the only person I was really afraid of was Veni Aunty since I didn't
know of her sleeping habits. Other than the mother and daughter's
provocative dressing during the day, at nightfall they both wore the
most irresistible nightdresses. Need I say they were even more
see-through and sexier than the day clothes? The first time I saw them
in such nightgowns I felt my pyjamas were on fire. Imagine these massive
boobs, ready to explode, partly hidden behind their intricate
undergarments. My hands and groin were itching to get a strike at
anything available at this point. On the first three nights I was
judging Veni Auntie's sleeping habits to see what my chances were like
with Chinni. Veni Aunty appeared to be a peaceful sleeper, but I
couldn't tell how alert she is during sleep. To find that out I pushed
my fingers gently to touch Veni Auntie's back and waited to see her
reaction.

There was no reaction from her for a long time. So I believed that she
is sound asleep. My next task was to crawl silently on the floor towards
the other side of the bed where Chinni was sleeping. When I reached
Chinni I found her also as deep in sleep as my mother. Additionally
Chinni was even snoring softly. My hands made their first attempt to
touch her. Chinni's back was towards me. So first I gently felt her ass
with my fingers as delicately as possible. The softness of the fabric of
her nightgown and panty plus the tenderness of her meaty butt was too
much for me to handle. My hand was shivering. I waited to see if she
woke up, but no sign of that. This built up my courage to go ahead
further. I browsed my hand lightly from Chinni's waist to the armpit.
Once reaching the armpit I felt her bra under the skin-thin nightgown.
Using both my hands I tried to feel my way to the hooks of the bra and
tried to open it. After struggling for a few minutes I did manage to
unhook it. I didn't know how much this would help me to uncover her tits.

Taking the whole bra off her was a nearly impossible task. I still tried
to slide the bra as much off her huge tits. Just then she moved to lie
completely on her back. Now both her boobs were stood firmly in front of
me like two fortresses commanding me to capture them. I noticed there
were about three press-buttons on the front of her nightgown. They came
off very easily. Then I gently pushed the whole bra to completely expose
her juicy melons. In the dim midnight light I could see her wide and
hardened nipples. As I touched the nipples they kept getting harder and
slowly breath was becoming faster than before. I wondered if this meant
that she could wake up. I paused for a few minutes again. I saw a mild
smile on her face that assured me that she was enjoying whether
consciously or not. Gathering some more courage I decided to kiss her
tempting breasts. Lightly placing my thirsty lips on her melons I was on
high alert to watch out for her reaction. She seemed to be drifting into
a world of fantasy as I stuck my tongue out to lick her skin on the
breasts. She was unbeatably delicious. I gently even bit her nipples and
still no sign of her waking up.


Taking full advantage of the situation I put my one hand on her pussy
and started rubbing it mildly. At this point she suddenly woke up
shocked to see me. But she didn't shout or yell. Instead like a mature
person she noticed all the my hard efforts made to uncover her boobs and
understood that they had been kissed and licked since they were still
wet. She smiled at me and
whispered softly in my ears, "If this is what you wanted then why did
you not ask me openly. We could've planned it out properly". I was too
shocked to hear a 16-year-old girl talk like this. So we decided to plan
up a jam session where just the two of us could freely take full
advantage of our common desire. The next morning Daddy went to office
accompanied by Raghu Uncle, and Mummy took Veni Aunty to the club for a
kitty party. Which means that Chinni and I had almost the whole day to
ourselves.

Mummy and Veni Aunty suggested that Chinni and I could keep ourselves
busy by sharing each other's knowledge in computers. We were indeed
going to share, but knowledge of things that mattered to us more than
the usual boring computer. As soon as Mummy and Veni Aunty left for the
club, Chinni ran to our room and asked me to wait outside. Within a few
minutes she opened the door and for a change I saw her in a black shirt
and a red mini-skirt. I felt electric
currents rushing through my nerves.

Feeling fully charged with high voltage it was as if I were possessed by
an evil entity. I asked her how come she is so cool in these matters and
if she had done it before. She laughed and said "of course". Apparently
she studied in a co-ed school where the boys and girls secretly
experienced a lot about sex. This only made it easier for a nerd like
me. I thought it was going to be difficult with an inexperienced girl
much younger than me. But here it was the other way round. She could
guide me instead. I thought let's see how much of her boasting of such
experience is true.

I closed the door behind me and bolted it so that no one comes in
accidentally. She pulled the curtains to create a dark and sexy
atmosphere. I turned on my dim corner table lamp, in the light of which
her body clad in the black shirt and red mini-skirt appeared ablaze. My
forehead, chest and armpits were already dripping with sweat. I didn't
know where to start. I thought giving her a warm hug might make us more
comfortable with each other and so I did that. I held her for quite some
time in my arms massaging her back softly.

I continued in the same way for some time. Suddenly she pushed me away
and looked at me angrily. I thought maybe she couldn't handle the
excitement and all her boasting was lies. Instead she scolded me that if
I carry on like this then that is all we will be doing the whole day.
She gave me a wicked smile as she started to pull the red mini-skirt
upwards, giving me glimpses of what seemed like a black panty with red
lace. Within the next few seconds she had unzipped the skirt from behind
and threw it on the floor. Her innocent face had turned lustfully wild.
Then she kneeled on the floor and stretched her whole body like a
yawning cat. In the process of her stretching the shirt shifted further
up her back to give a full view of her great mass of ass.

Placing her one hand on the butt, she said, "Come, kiss my ass". I
thought that was a rude statement to make. But she told me that she
meant it in the real sense. I had no experience so far, so I hesitated
initially. Gathering all my courage I also knelt down gripping her
mounds of ass with my strong hands. She screamed pleading me to be
gentle, at the same time she was also impressed with my manly strength.
Her ass was like hot buns out of the oven. Before I proceeded to kiss it
I got distracted by the black shirt she was wearing. I wanted to see her
whole body bare first. So I pushed the shirt all the way up to her neck
and without unbuttoning it, wrapped it around her head to blindfold her.

She liked my creativity. Then I asked her to lie down on the carpeted
floor while I shed off all my clothes. Then I opened her bra and took
off her panty. It was an ultimate sight for me to have this
sixteen-year-old girl lying fully naked on my floor. There was
absolutely no hair in her armpits or even the pussy. Her whole body was
naturally smooth like satin. While her head was still covered with the
shirt I feasted my eyes on the fresh and tender pink lower lips. Strange
fluids were flowing out of it wetting the whole area as well as the
carpet. I could not miss her beautiful round boobs crying to me to suck
them. That's when I started kissing her body from top to bottom.

And licking every hidden corner of her meaty flesh. Finally she
requested me to remove the shirt from her face so that she could also
appreciate my body. When I removed the shirt she was astonished to see
my extensively long and hard dick. She said that the ones she had seen
of so far were only those of the boys in her school with their puny
little knobs. She was extremely delighted to see such a huge powerful
one. My pride hit the sky, I felt almighty. Taking total control of the
situation I parted her lower lips with my one hand and held my dick with
the other to guide it through her gateway.

Carefully I pushed my penis into her you-know-what. She didn't make a
single sound when I entered and was absolutely comfortable giving me an
encouraging smile. Once that my dick had fully loaded in her pussy we
both savoured the bliss of paradise amidst the hyper-friction. I thought
I saw smoke from the carpet. I wouldn't be surprised even if the whole
house caught fire. Such was my first sexperience that too with the fully
experienced 16-year-old girl Chinni.

In my next story I will also narrate to you my secret sexperiences with
her mother Veni Aunty who is obviously far more senior by experience in
these matters.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *2268* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2632>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2632>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2632>

