ASH ISLAND ACADEMY FOR GIRLS

BY BONDAGE BOY

Mrs Holmes was the headmistress of "Ash Island Academy for
Girls". Ash Island was a lone Island out in the sea. If you're
thinking of a romantic girls club in the middle of Hawaii with
plenty of cool beach boys then you're in for a disappointment.
Ash Island is a small island with only a 5 or 6 mile radius and
the sun is scarcely visible behind the fog and rain clouds that
surround it. The island had little in the way of people with the
exception of the school there was only a handful of elderly and
mature folk inhabiting the main town, New Ashton, and of course
the members of staff at the school who don't inhabit the school
quarters. That's right Ash Academy is a boarding school,
originally founded by the British government in the 1820s to
provide tuition for female members of the aristocracy. The
position of the girl's school has been of little knowledge to the
wider world but in the 21st century many who can afford it send
their daughters to be tutored at the Academy from all round the
world, although primarily from British and former British
peoples. Once enrolled at the beginning of September a girl
remains in the school until the end of June when she returns to
her family for a 2 months holiday. A student would be obliged to
work six days a week, having Sunday off officially for church
service but it's the 21st century and not everybody's a
Christian. No girl ever leaves the island. If they become sick
then there is suitable health care available at the local health
centre and the school doctor is quite professional. On the rare
occasions when family members need to be with a girl the family
member would be obliged to come to the island and spend time with
the girl in one of the residential cottages. The school provided
expert resources in counselling, medicine and guidance. The only
cases of students leaving the island at all was during the
1930/40s when some were expelled from the school for speaking
supportively of Nazi ideology, seriously opposed by the school
board. Mrs Holms' mother had been a student from Germany in the
30s, she was one of a group of children who chose the side of the
school, and had remained at the school for the duration of her
child life. She had returned to Germany after the war ended and
after graduating from the University of Hamburg travelled to
England where she fell in love with a nobleman and well you get
the idea.

Mrs Holms had also grown up in the school and graduated 20 years
previously at the age of 19. She was now 39 and head mistress for
a standing 12 years of her life. She loved her job, like many
teachers in the world she found it a rewarding career. But while
the school was founded on the island the island itself was not
officially British territory. The island wasn't officially part
of any government so it was mainly under the jurisdiction of the
mayor of Ashton who also in the present time was headmistress of
the Academy. They had no form of defensive forces with the
exception of a few policemen who looked after the town and the
school. But the Island was secretly guaranteed by several world
powers so had little to worry about. The British send an observer
to check if everything's all right every fortnight, despite
attempts no phone line has been secured between the island and
the outside world and the most common form of communication is
through post. However a phone line was available around the
island so girls brining their mobiles could contact each other.

The School had about 60 or 70 members of staff including 40
teachers and Mrs Holms. The school on average taught between 700
and 800 students ageing from about 5 to 18 with sometimes a year
or two's difference depending on the child. The school currently
taught 790 students, 13 times 3 classes of 20 students plus 10 18
to 20 year old students working on specialist levels in different
subjects.

It was mid August and Mrs Holms was sitting in her office gazing
out the window, as usual it was violently stormy, strong wind and
rain. Mrs Holmes was feeling very upset and had tears in her
eyes. On the table was a letter from her mother in law:

To my dear daughter in law Mrs Anne Holms,

It is with the deepest regret that my son and your husband Edward
Holms failed to overcome his unfortunate condition and passed
away. By the request of both you and your husband in the case of
this event I have arranged for your son and my very dear Grandson
to be brought to your presence by the beginning of September. I
know you will be able to raise him to be a wonderful young man. I
am very dearly sorry for your loss and I hope to meet you later
in the year.

Yours sincerely,

Eleanor Holms

Anne's Husband Edward had contracted stomach cancer late the
previous year. Although there was hope nobody expected him to
recover he had spent a lot of time on the island being treated by
the local doctors. Her son Alex had wanted to come but his
parents had insisted he stay with his grandparents in England
until his Dad returned home. Anne last saw her husband over a
week ago as he was transported by air back to England. She hadn't
seen Alex since the start of the School holidays when she
returned home to collect her husband. She loved her son but the
distance issue between them was going to be difficult. She had
had a meeting with the school board earlier that day about bring
Alex to the island. While she agreed that her son's well being
was important she also didn't want her students to be disturbed
by his presence. But everyone else on the school board believed
that having just one boy around could be beneficial for all the
children, including Alex. The students had virtually no contact
with the town and all the staff were women. This meant that they
had very little contact with men or boys. All of the staff who
were married either lived out in cottages outside the school or
like Mrs Holmes left their families at home abroad. With the
exception of students and staff who were related know family
member stayed at the school. It was agreed that Alex would
receive private tuition from a retired member of staff on the
island, Dr Olivia Johnson. The good doctor had agreed to it she
would have her own study in the academy with Alex and Alex would
have his own room amongst the dormitory areas. Anne however was
worried about her son in the last 4 years she had been home twice
and Alex had met her in Ashton several times a year during all of
his school holidays. He never had a proper holiday with a family.
Anne had had poor contact with her son and was now suppose to
raise him by herself.

Alex arrived on the last day of August. He was a timid boy of 10
years, but well built. He was dressed in a pair of jeans,
trainers, and under a fleece coat he had red and blue stripped
shirt. His possessions on the plane consisted of a rucksack and a
pillow as well as his own suitcases and bags in the hold. He was
on a cargo plane bringing the weekly supplies and orders to the
island as well as post and on rare occasion's passengers. Alex
was one of five people on the plane. The others were: a pilot,
co-pilot, navigator and a stewardess. The stewardess constantly
observed Alex. She pitied him for his situation but envied the
girls at the school because a gorgeous male was on his way to
stay. Like most women in employment in relation to the island the
stewardess was a former student of the Ash Island Academy. She
was due to start in university at the end of September after
earning enough to support herself. She was nearly 20 years old
and knew full well what went on at the school. Alex was probably
going to be enrolled in the school. If a single boy was entered
into the school then everyone involved would have an interesting
experience. God she wished that she was still a student now, a
male hasn't entered the school in over 50 years. The boy looked
so gorgeous if he was a couple of years older and she was a
couple of years younger then she might have had her way. But Alex
wasn't and active teenager, he was a timid little boy, fiddling
with the straps of his rucksack and cuddling his pillow while
gazing out at the lack of scenery. They were within 50 miles of
the island now so they had entered its shroud of mist and fog.
The stewardess noticed that his eyes were damp and swollen, he
had been crying. The stewardess wanted to approach him but her
experience with trouble children taught her only to try and help
if she understood the problem. She returned to the back deciding
to leave the boy alone.

Alex was feeling really glum. He hoped he would be able to live
with his mother. He had hardly known her. His father often spoke
of her but Alex hardly ever met her. In living memory she had
been around for three birthdays and two Christmas's and a few
other times. But most of her visits were the result of Dad's
stomach cancer in the last year. He wanted to be wit his dad or
his grand parents but his dad was dead and his grandparents were
too old to look after him on their own. He let out another tear
and shuffled his pillow in his arms. 20 minutes later the
intercom on the plane sounded: "Alright back there young man we
will be landing soon so please sit down and fasten your belt."
Alex hadn't got up since he boarded the plane in Britain. He
turned around and sat up straight, a few minutes later he felt
the plane land on the island airstrip. "Alright then young man I
hope you enjoyed our flight today have a pleasant stay on Ash
Island and mind yourself when exiting the plane, the weather here
is just terrible ha ha." Alex undid his belt and gloomily,
carrying his bag and pillow exited the plane. As soon as he did
he was hit in the face by outside winds he stumbled and seized
the side of the stairs. He then struggled his way to the terminal
building. He found his way inside and looked around, compared
with a big city airport this terminal was miniscule. It consisted
of practically one big hall with a small caf area, a waiting
area, an office and two bag racks and of course two heavily armed
security officers on the look out for terrorists. An adult woman
approached Alex, she appeared to be in her late twenties, "I am
Miss Morris I have been sent by Mrs Holmes to collect you. Do you
have all your baggage?"

Alex looked up at the woman "I just need to collect my suitcase
from the terminal."

"Well then young men hurry up and collect it. C'mon chop chop!"
said the woman obviously wasting no time making small talk. Alex
wandered over to the bag racks, found his suitcase and followed
the lady out to the car park, where he again struggled through
the whether. Miss Morris retraced her steps towards Alex, took
his suitcase in one hand and his hand in the other. She then
brought him to a car and put his bags on the back seats and
motioned him into the passenger seat. She then set off through
the town.

"Now Alex what you see here is virtually all there is on the
island besides the school. This town was creatively named Ashton
after the great island it sits on. It hasn't got the magic of
Disneyland nor the shopping facilities of New York. If you want
McDonalds, or Pizza Hut or some other industrial facie food then
tough the closest we have is a small chip shop, a tea room and a
couple of pubs. The facilities of the town are used by the school
staff, some of the older students and of course the residents of
the town. Many of the younger students never leave the school
grounds but as son of both the headmistress and the mayor of
Ashton you'll probably receive VIP treatment. You may or may not
know this but a male hasn't entered are school in over 50 years,
and the school has never tutored one either but this ain't the
19th century and while this is a girls school and nothing more
having a boy around might be useful to the school program, do you
understand how?"

"No!" answered Alex it was the first word he'd said since he left
the airport.

"Well you will soon M'boy. Now this is the school here." Alex
stared out the window. It was a huge castle about twice the size
of the tower of London and about half the size of a sky scraper.

"This castle was originally built as a citadel against the French
in the 18th century. After the fall of Napoleon it was handed
over to a British Earl who converted it into a school and since
then it has produced the finest of young women from across the
globe of all nationalities." The car rode across a moat and to
the castle doors Miss Morris pressed a button near the radio and
the doors swung open to greet them. The car drove out into a
courtyard and then into a side garage where the car was lowered
by an elevator into a parking area.

"When you learn to drive you'll end up with a space in here. The
spaces are reserved for staff, students and on rare occasion's
visitors." Miss Morris and Alex exited the car. Two maids, no
older than 20 or 21 entered the car park.

"Maria and Alicia will take your belongings to your quarters and
unpack them for you."

"Thank you!" said Alex weakly.

"Well it seems you have well disciplined manners so you should
adjust easily to this school in that sense." Said Miss Morris she
led him to a lift and pressed a button labelled "head' office".
The lift took them to the floor which seemed to be some distance
above the ground. Miss Morris led Alex into a small office where
a woman sat at a desk at a computer typing. "Yes Elena?" she
said.

"Alex Holms, Susan! Alex this is your Mothers secretary Mrs
Forman."

"Hello!" said Alex.

"Hello love, go right on in your mothers been dead keen to meet
ya!" Miss Morris left the room the way they came while Alex
knocked on the door of the door on the opposite side of the room.
"Come in." came a familiar voice. Alex entered the room and
looked around. He first saw his mother at the far side window
that overlooked the Island. The off ice was the size of a
standard lounge and contained a number of filing cabinets and
book shelves among other things. "Alex!" came his mother's voice
she approached him and gave him a nice long hug. He returned it.

His mother let go of him. "Come and sit down Alex."

"Yes Mummy"

"Firstly how are you?"

"I'm better now. By the way Granny asked me say that she'll be
coming here a week on Sunday for Dads funeral."

"Okay then. Now since you're not to upset do mind if I get
straight to business. The staff have agreed to allow you to
attend this school, however your lessons will be private, at
least to begin with. This is a girl's only school technically but
we have decided to make an exception in your case. You will have
to share bathrooms and changing rooms, except the one in your
room with the girls. You will not be aware however that we have
strict discipline here. You don't need to worry about the details
right now but they will become clearer later but for now just
relax. As my Son and as a male you will have superior status to
the students, however the staff and, for the time being, the
students on special subjects will have higher status. You will
have your own room if you choose to share it that's your choice,
you will be responsible for the cleanliness of your own room a
cleaning lady will check up once a fortnight. If there is a
problem then I expect you to come to me. Now how about something
to drink?"

"Y Yes mother, when you say discipline, what do you mean?" Alex
took a drink from the fridge.

"Well back home every private school has strict rules that
students are obliged to follow. It's the same here except were a
little more, tough on rule breakers. You'll see."

"I thought somebody else was tutoring me, is it you?"

"No son I'm not tutoring you. A retired teacher called Dr Johnson
will be teaching you. But only from 7:00am till 9:00am from
9:00am till 3:00pm you will be up here studying what you learnt
and if you finish early you will be helping me deal with rule
breakers."

Alex was confused "What do you"

"All will be clear to you nearer the time for now I want you to
come here."

Alex followed his mother to one of the windows. He could see the
castle court yard as well as the entrance across the moat. He
could make out headlights approaching the school they seemed a
bit different to those of a car and realised they were those of a
bus.

"There are four of them if each makes two trips between here and
the airport then we'll be able to get all the girls here tonight.
It will take time for all the girls to be sent too their rooms.
So I suggest we take this opportunity to take you to yours.
Follow me!" Alex followed his mother back to the lift. Also while
I remember this is your lift key" she handed Zack a key card
"students don't get the lift privilege unless they're doing
specialist subjects. You can have up to one partner who doesn't
have a key in the lift. So if you and another student need to get
somewhere you can give her a ride." They left the lift and Alex
followed his mother to a dormitory area.

"This is a student dormitory. Normally a room would be occupied
by 2 to 4 students but for now you'll have a room to yourself."

"For now?"

"Another time Alex. Now here we are." Alicia and Maria were
standing outside the door, dressed as French maids.

"Your belongings have been unpacked and distributed neatly around
your room Alex." Said Alicia.

"We will now prepare you for dinner." Said Maria.

"What!" said Alex.

"Splendid I'll leave my son to you, Alex be good to the nice
ladies." As Alex's mum left each of the maids tool an arm and
guided him into his room. He was amazed at its size. The room was
about twice the size of his Granny's living room. It had a
bathroom, a desk, a seating area (with a small couch and
armchair), a double bed, a view of the sea, a small kitchen area
(sink, microwave, small oven, fridge and kettle), as well as
other things like an oversized suit only the whole room was
heated by a fireplace. The maids guided Alex to the seating area
and placed him on the couch.

"Right, what do we do with you?" Said Alicia.

"We need to change you into something more formal and we only
have an hour and a half till dinner." Said Maria.

"Isn't that plenty of time?" Said Alex.

The maids ignored him "I say we wash down, freshen up, dress and
then we're done." Said Alicia.

"I agree!" said Maria.

"Thanks but I can wash and change myse"

"No you most certainly cannot young man, we're going to change
you." Said Alicia she then gave an evil smile "and that's not
all!" she nodded to her accomplice and the pair of them seized
Alex and carried him to the bed.

"Before you start to complain we have your mothers consent for
this little operation." Said Maria.

The two women pulled of their white belts and forced Alex on his
front. They then used their belts to securely tie his arms
together. Then they pulled his arms back so his upper body was
upright while his lower body was kneeling on the bed.

"Let me go!" said Alex.

"No Alex we're doing this whether you like it or not." Said
Maria.

"Help!"

"There's no point in calling this rooms soundproof and we have
your mother's permission to do this." Said Alicia, with that she
lifted her fist up and bashed it against his crotch. Alex gasped
he hated feeling that sort of pain. Alicia grasped her hand
around his crotch and dug her finger nails in the area around his
balls.

"We will do that again at if you don't behave." Said Maria, she
and Alicia then pushed Alex back down on the bed face up.

"Now we have a confession to make, we're not actually servants
we're students doing specialist subjects. There are 15 of us all
together. You have been invited to this school to meet the sexual
requirements that it has unfortunately lacked since its
creation." Said Alicia.

"You will have the unique privilege that normally only applies to
us girls doing specialist subjects. But you are our inferior. You
will have to submit to any demand we choose to bestow upon you.
You will not only be performing submissive acts some of the girls
like a little dominance over themselves." Said Maria.

"We even like it ourselves sometimes." Said Alicia.

"But today you are going to be the sub, and you may not be a man
but you're closest we'll have had so far." Said Maria.

Alex was then lifted back up onto his feet. Maria then got out a
knife and cut away his shirt "Wow lovely mussels Alex. Do you
work out at all?"

"I swim a little!" said Alex trying to avoid the fact that he was
about to be raped by a couple of sexually frustrated 19-year-old
girls.

"Then you'll be popular with the girls down at the pool." Said
Alicia.

Maria in the meantime was paying particular interest to his
figure, he was well built for a boy his age. "Ooh I might come
back just to admire your chest!"

"We only have an hour and a half you know." Said Alicia "I'll
take care of the bottom part and you deal with his upper half."

They laid him back on the bed, Alex felt his trainers being
undone by Alicia. But Maria was in the way so he couldn't see
her. "Don't mind my friend here she's a lesbian!" said Maria.

"What's a lesbian?" asked Alex.

"Oh you are so adorable!" said Maria.

"He's as thick as a brick." Said Alicia.

"Oh shut up, a lesbian is a girl who's gay." Said Maria.

"What's gay?" asked Alex.

"Thick as my tits!" said Alicia.

"Oh let it rest Li." Alex felt his shoes being pulled off "When
someone's gay they fancy people of the same sex, girl's fancy
girls, boy's fancy boys."

Suddenly Alex felt fingers around his jeans zip. Maria got off
him and he saw Alicia undoing his jeans. She undid the button at
the top and then pulled his jeans off him leaving him in a pair
off long white socks and a pair of white underpants.

"God not those again." Said Maria "All your underwear is white
pants, don't you wear anything less, ugly?"

Alex said nothing. "Well it doesn't matter, from tomorrow you'll
be wearing more colourful underwear." Said Alicia.

Alex didn't care, "Fine they feel like nappies." Said Alex Maria
giggled "Anyway we need to get on!" Said Alicia.

"Aw I wanna have some fun." Said Maria.

Alicia sighed "Fine I'll run the bath you have your way."

"Ta!" said Maria "Now then Alex it's just you and me now!"

"Are you a lesbian too?" He asked out of the bloom.

Maria giggled again "Sort of I'm known as a bisexual I fancy both
genders. Now let's see how much I can get out of you."

Maria pulled his dick out of the cock-hole in his underpants.
Then she gently pulled back the fore-skin on top. Alex was extra
curious about what she was doing. Maria stuck her tongue against
the tip of his dick and began circling the top.

Alex shuddered as her tongue tickled the top of. Then she jerked
his cock a little and then mouthed it. Alex lay back in pure
ecstasy as he had his first ever blowjob. Admittedly he'd prefer
to be the Dom while the girl was a Sub but this was cool too.
Maria swallowed every last drop of cum without spilling a drop.

Maria replaced his cock in his pants and lifted him off the bed.
Then she carried him to an armchair and sat him down on an
armchair.

"Now for a drink!" said Maria She went over to the table by the
kitchen unit and picked up to bottles of water each containing a
litre of water.

"I'm going to untie you now, you are not to try and escape you
are to drink this water. Understood?"

"Yes." Said Alex.

He was released from the belts and then he picked up one of the
bottles and started drinking.

"Drink it all Alex!" With effort Alex got through both bottles of
water.

"Okay this way." said Maria. She picked him up and took him to
the bathroom.

Alex desperately needed to pee. When they entered the bathroom
Alex got a good look around t what was awaiting him. The Shower
compartment was wide enough to accommodate about 6 people. The
bath looked like it might be enough to hold a dozen. But what
caught his eye was the space before and around the bath tub.
There was a pulley hanging from the ceiling and with a manacle at
the bottom. There were cuffs fitted to the walls and the floor
that looked like they could hold. There were also other forms of
restraint across the room that looked very unfriendly to Alex.

"Now then let's fit you to one of these." Said Alicia She took
Alex over to the pulley and tied his arms the top while Maria
tied his feet to the ground.

"Now" said Maria "Let's try a smile." She prodded Alex's thigh,
he twitched and let out a giggle. Alicia then ran her fingers
down his side. Alex tried to ease away but Maria got his other
side and he was trapped between two crazy tickle maniacs.

"Stop heh I I need a pee! Heh heh" He blurted out. But Maria
and Alicia ran there fingers all over him without mercy.

"Stop stop I I ahhhhhhh!" Alex felt his pants go warm and wet.
The two girls stopped. The cut of his smelly pee soaked pants,
through them away and then cleaned up.

"Feel better Alicia?" said Maria.

"Much thank you Maria" said Alicia. All there time messing around
had allowed the bath to finish running. Alex was motioned into
the bath and then Maria and Alicia undressed and joined him. They
had cute well cared for bodies there bare skin was perfectly
smooth and their tits looked like they were carved by only the
greatest of artists. Their pussies were shaven to keep away that
nasty hair.

"You like our bodies?" said Maria.

Speechless Alex just nodded with enthusiasm.

"We're here to attend to his body not ours" said Maria.

With that the girls began scrubbing Alex all over. Alex thought
it was pretty cool at first but then Alicia started trying to
wash out his arse.

"Keep still! Nothing can go in this unless I make sure it's
clean." She said.

"What the hell is going to go in my Ahhhh!" said Alex as Alicia
proved a point. Then she moved to his toes while Maria attended
to his cock, she washed it with a cloth nice and gently. Then,
predictably, when Alex got another hard on Maria just had to jack
him off.

When Alex was clean the girls dressed him in a nice clean suit.
Then he was ready for dinner.

******

When they'd finished with him Alex was dressed for a formal
occasion. The girls decided that he looked really cute in his
uniform, including a grey pair of boxers.

"Now before we go down to the hall we'll take you to your mother.
She has to talk to you most seriously before the party begins."
Said Maria.

"Party?" inquired Alex.

"Yeah!" said Alicia "If we weren't a girls only school it would
probably be a dance or something, but it's basically a social
gathering. New students meet and old students reunite. Now come
on."

The girls took Alex back to his mother's office. "Thank you
girls, you may go now." Said his mother, the girls left "Now Alex
you look marvellous. How did you like that?"

"It was weird!"

"Yes well we had to do that to you. I'm afraid that, until you
achieve superior status, you're going to get visits from a number
of the girls on special subjects."

"Why though?"

"That's simple. Most of the teachers here are in relationships
and very few of them are lesbian's. The girls on specialist
subjects are allowed loose on the other students and the staff
even use them to administer punishment to the younger students.
But then you have something they do not."

"Cock!" said Alex.

"Exactly! By the end of next week I expect you'll be fucking at
least three times a day. However as I have just told you the
staff call on the elder students to administer sexual punishments
to the younger. You will also be expected to comply."

"What do you mean by punishments?" said Alex.

"I mean you will have take part in there punishments whether it
requires merely your presence or for you to spank them or even
fuck them. But that will not happen until you've adjusted so
don't worry about it now. In fact don't worry about it at all you
won't be punished like that even if you are naughty."

"Can I ask a question?"

"Of course."

"I can't just shove my dick in to every girl on the school, I
don't have the cum."

"Now I was just getting to that." She reached over to the
intercom "Is he here yet?"

"He's here!"

"Show him in!"

The door opened and a smart dressed boy aged 13 entered. "This is
my God son Jamal."

Jamal was light black, slightly taller than Alex and had a
slightly stronger build.

"Hello." He said.

"Jamal this is my son Alex, he recently lost his father and he
hardly knows me so he understands your situation a little." She
turned to her son "Jamal's parents died three weeks ago from
malaria in South Africa. While he has just arrived he's been
trained on girls of all ages at another school in South Africa so
you will be his apprentice for the present and he'll be above
you. However he is also beneath the elder students, once you're
both active fuckers then you'll both have superior status."

The three of them talked for a while. Jamal was a lot more out
going than Alex was. However they were still able to talk
comfortably. Both got the impression that the pair of boy s would
get on just fine.

Eventually Mrs Holms said "Okay we need to go down to the main
hall now."

They left the tower and went to the main hall, which was
conveniently next to the foot of the tower. The three of them
entered the hall. The room was completely full of girls all
sitting at tables. As they walked to the head table the whole
hall turned its eye's on the three of them or to be precise they
were looking at the boys. Alex felt a little uneasy but Jamal
could hardly suppress a grin. There were simply hundreds of girls
to choose from and many, if not all, of them would be lacking the
touch of a big black dick. Alex sat next to his mother who sat at
the head of the main table, Jamal was on his other side. A few
hundred servants navigate through the tables, placing plates of
food at people's places.

"Alex I know you didn't get a menu sent to you for this so I
ordered your favourites."

"Thanks Mum!" he said.

Mrs Holms stood up and all attention in the room turned to her.
She began explaining all the school rules in general. It was
details of punishments that really caught Alex's attention.
Apparently each and every girl was obliged to submit to anyone
with the authority. When his Mum finished talking everyone
settled down to eat.

"So what do you think of those two!" said Jamal nodding towards a
nearby table.

He was indicating to a couple of 12-year-old girls, once a
brunette and one a blonde. "They're girls!" said Alex confused.
He had very little experience with members of the opposite sex,
especially coming from a boy's only school.

"Yeah but we have dominance over them and almost every girl in
this room. Just trust me ok?"

"Alright but I don't want to be dominated like that again." Said
Alex.

"Relax that only happens the first time round. Back in South
Africa I was dominated for my first sexual experience. The land
lady arranged for a couple of older teenage girls to be left with
me while I was tied up naked in a basement. They used each used a
dildo on my arse, of course after they put on a cock cage." "That
sounds sore!" answered Alex in astonishment.

"Only a little but I got them back. Each of them spent a night
each with their mouths strapped around my cock. Besides being
dominated is cool, sometimes."

"Wow!"

"What happened to you?"

"A couple of seniors tied me up, blew me and then tickled me
until I pissed my pants."

"and the vengeance?"

"Not happened yet."

"We'll arrange something. But all people in our 'profession' need
to be raped first otherwise they just become bullies."

"But you're talking about randomly raping a couple of
12-year-olds." Replied Alex.

"But unlike bullies we'll no when to stop."

"Will we?"

"Yeah I doubt you have the heart to fuck a lass whose begging
otherwise." said Jamal.

Changing the subject "So do you want to go and ask them or shall
I?" said Alex/

"Weren't you listening to your Mum? Watch!" he called a servant
over and whispered something in her ear. She then went over to
the girls and said something that made them turn to giggle and
look at the boys. Jamal nodded causing them to giggle some more.

"My room after dinner, you can spend the night with me and the
ladies" he said to Alex who nodded in agreement.

Jamal and Alex rushed to Jamal's room immediately after dinner.

"Alex just follow my lead!" said Jamal.

"Okay!"

There was a knock at the door. Jamal went to answer it. The girls
came giggling into the room.

"Be quiet!" said Jamal quite sternly. The girls immediately
complied.

There faces were perfectly straight. They were dressed in a
traditional school uniform: White blouse, black mini skirt and a
tie. They each had a bag of spare clothes with them.

"Names!" demanded Jamal.

"Kelly" said the Blonde.

"Grace" said the brunette.

"Now then! You 2 pretties are going to spend the night with us.
Firstly Alex here has had a relatively rough start so a little
therapy will do him good. Grace!"

Grace went over to Alex and escorted him to the spare bed. Alex
then found her removing his trousers and massaging his crotch.
Meanwhile Jamal was already stripping Kelly of all clothing with
hands cuffed. Alex meanwhile was completely naked and while
enjoying his handjob decided to make use of the lovely Grace. He
decided to skip the rest of it for later though and then ordered
Grace:

"Kneel against the post slut." She obeyed with out question. Alex
then parted her legs and lifted up her skirt to expose her pale
white panties. He began caressing her pussy through the pant. She
tried to lessen her reactions to Alex but he was her first boy so
she couldn't help breathing heavily. She eventually came into her
panties.

Alex then had her lie on her front and used the opportunity to
cuff her. He then flipped her on her front and ripped her shirt
off to reveal a pale white bra covering her 12-year-old tits.
With her hands cuffed he stripped of his clothing and climbed
onto her and shoving his dick in her mouth. He came in her mouth.

Jamal in the mean time had stripped Kelly completely naked, tied
her to his bed and began pumping his dick in and out of her
fanny. When he pulled his dick out it was soaked in cum. "Come on
bitch suck my big black dick."

The four of them got no sleep that night. Kelly was kept naked
but was untied from the bed and cuffed like Grace, Kelly received
a lot from Jamal's dick. Grace's bra was removed but panties
stayed only so Alex could give her wedgies in the middle of the
night.

The next morning both boy's their girls oral sex while receiving
blowjobs in '69' positions. Kelly was glad to leave the rough
attitudes of Jamal. However Alex's timid nature allowed Grace to
have fun. She French kissed him and arranged to meet him in her
room later.


