Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: If you get sick from that make-out, it's not my fault.
Warning: yaoi… men kissing...
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Sephiroth, Angeal and Genesis. Mention of Hojo.
POV: Genesis

SICK

Genesis was anxious and he was pacing the room. It had been a whole two days since he had seen Sephiroth and he was restless.

~and horny~

He doubted that he had been without since they started a relationship for that long. Even when they were away on missions they at least phoned each other to take care of those urges.

~I need him~

"Will you sit down! He got called to the labs and had to see Hojo," Angeal said, looking up from his book and looking mildly annoyed.

"It has been two days!" Genesis whined.

"Can't you live without out it for a little while? What did you do before Sephiroth?" Angeal snorted and looked at the redhead. He immediately regretted the question from the raised eyebrows and crooked smile. "Don't give me that look. Forget I asked."

"You have got to quit asking such silly questions, Angeal," Genesis said and his attention was quickly turned to see the silver General enter the room. He didn't wait to say hello or any acknowledgement from him. He threw himself at him and pushed him against the wall, quickly trapping his mouth with his own. He was glad that Sephiroth reciprocated. He could be moody when it came to public shows of affection.

~ it's only Angeal here anyway. He's seen worse~

He threaded his fingers into that silver hair and made sure that his mouth was not going to move away from his. Sephiroth placed one hand on his neck and gripped it firmly and the other on his hip to pull them closer together.

~it's going to be a good night~

"Break it up you two!" Angeal's deep voice boomed.

Normally they obliged Angeal when he was in the room, knowing how it bothered him when they made out in front of him, but Sephiroth was not letting him go, so Genesis decided to roll with it.

"You two can quit anytime now!" Angeal pleaded.

Sephiroth broke his grip and released him with a series of small kisses. Genesis opened his eyes and finally got a good look at Sephiroth and was alarmed by what he saw.

His normal impeccable skin was covered with small red raised bumps.

"What the hell happened to you?" Genesis blurted a

nd pushed the General away from him.

"It seems that I caught Moogle-Pox," Sephiroth said and his lips curved in a smile. "So, if you get sick from that make-out session, it is not my fault."

Genesis was flabbergasted and for once his life, he was tongue tied.

Angeal grunted. "That'll teach you to say 'hello' before you play tonsil-hockey."

If you get sick from that make-out, it's not my fault, …inspirational text. From Ziggy Pasta who got it from RinaLuffsPokemonBoys….

Sick can be taken so many ways…but I took this definition.

Hey... I got a poll up. Which apartment is Zack in. Can you guess?