First Time - Train Ride
by CinfulWifes

One weekend, not long ago, my wife and I decided to take a train ride to Chicago. The train did not leave until 10:00 PM and arrived at 8:00 AM. We got ready to go and decided to stop at a nearby bar for a couple of drinks. We needed to kill a little time and thought that it would help us sleep during the trip. 

Now my wife is a petite blonde with a great figure even considering her age of over 40. She has shapely legs and nice firm medium chest that looks as great as when we met as teenagers. I can honestly say she is still one of the prettiest women I have known. 

She typically dresses very conservatively but on occasions particularly when we are out of town will wear something a little more revealing - maybe a skirt but usually a lower cut top that will show off two of her greatest assets. This was one of those occasions.

Getting ready she had surprised me by wearing a sleeveless top with a plunging neckline that showed plenty of cleavage as well as a skirt that hit her just above the knee. Dressed this way, at the bar, she was getting plenty of attention and after two martinis started caring a little less about protecting her dress. 

After our second drink I had to use the restroom and on my return a guy had bought her a third martini. She promptly drank it down, and danced with the guy. I cut in after the second dance and reminded her that we needed to get to the station. 

We left the bar and made our way to the train station, onto the train, and into our seats. Since my wife is small of stature and not one that usually drinks, she quickly fell asleep in her seat. 

The hours past and I noticed that we seemed to be getting more than our casual glance as the various passengers passed by our cubicle. In fact several men seemed to make multiple passes. 

Not thinking anything of it, I soon got up to go to the restroom. On my return I noticed what the "extra attention" was all about. When my wife sat down into her seat her skirt had caught on something and her entire leg other than the top of her lap was exposed all the way up to the g-string she was wearing. 

I tried to wake her to arrange herself but only got mumbles. She was clearly out for the night. But I soon noticed how excited I was thinking of the people who had seen her. I moved the skirt from across her lap exposing her entire leg to the isle. 

Soon two guys that had come by repeatedly returned and stopped just outside in the isle. I pretended to be asleep and could only see the edge of them. They pretended to be having a conversation but it was obviously they were only there to look. 

I could hear other people coming and her admirers soon moved on. I then got up to see what they were seeing and WOW. Not only was all of her leg showing all the way to the crotch of her g-string but her blouse was gapping so that most of her right breast was in view. I sat back down and all of a sudden realized I was very excited and hard as a rock. 

I leaned over and pushed her top off her shoulder and it fell away so that only the nipple was covered. 

I heard a voice and pretended to be asleep when two black guys passed down the isle. They nearly broke their neck doing a double take at my near topless wife. They backed up and just stood there admiring. 

Suddenly my wife stirred and moved slightly when her top fell completely off her shoulder and her right breast fell completely out in plane view. 

The two guys just stood there for what seemed like forever. They then pulled their phones out and started taking pictures of my wife and her naked breast. They only left when more voices could be heard coming down the isle. 

Soon the original two guys returned and over the next hour about 15-20 other passengers passed by almost all stopping and several taking pictures. During which I pretended to be asleep watching their expressions as they viewed my exposed wife. 

Soon a voice sounding like the conductor was heard coming down the isle and I quickly covered her back up and ended my first experience exposing my wife. I continue to be amazed at how excited and turned on this made me and all I can think about is having a repeat performance. 