Cam goes into the bedroom, kicking off his shoes and letting his pants hit the ground. He hears movement in the living room, but he doesn't lay down just yet. He's waiting when she walks in. The deep hue of her top makes her look like she's glowing as she walks toward him, and his mouth goes dry.

When he pulls her to him, he can feel the coolness of the bottle against his back where she holds it but not it doesn't really register.

"You're wearing too much. Something about this doesn't seem fair," he says.

"Ah, but if I took off too much then how would you focus and let me help your bruises?" She shoves at him playfully, pushing him back until he does fall back on the bed.
He props himself on his elbows and looks up at her.
"Just how I like my men," Vala purrs, standing in front of him, smirking.

"Can't imagine you get a lot of complaints from the men in this position, either," he says, though he still wants her naked and he's not trying to hide it.

"No I suppose not. Now, the top or the bottoms?" She asks, giving him one option for clothing removal.

"You're gonna make me pick?" He frowns. "Fine... top."

She grins wider and plants her feet. Grabbing the bottom hem of her shirt she wastes no time in pulling it up and off, dropping the shirt onto the floor and standing in front of Cam without a bra on. He sits up all the way and tries to reach out for her but she steps out of range and swivels her finger, motioning for him to lay on his back. He whines, but does what she says because so far she hasn't led him astray.

Vala moves forward, her leather pants creaking. "Very good boy," she praises, sitting down in his lap as she dribbles the warmed oil over his chest and abdomen. Grinning, she runs it across his whole body, everything her hands can reach.
He hums an agreement, focusing on that touch on him.
"Need to make sure we got it all," she whispers, leaning forward so that her chest presses up against his. Her nipples are stiff, dragging against his chest as she moves, glistening dusky pink. He reaches up with a thumb and rubs one of them, just to make her gasp.

Vala grins and moves slightly against him, scooting up closer on his body. Their skin is both shining in the low lamplight from the oil now. Reaching down, she continues to rub the oil into Cam's bruises to make sure he won't feel any pain tonight.
He reaches up to push her hair back behind her shoulder, his fingers lingering on her skin. "Where'd you learn how to do this?"
"How to do what?" She asks, rubbing the heel of her palm into his side. There were knots from where he had obviously not stretched himself after his injuries and Vala began to work at them.

He draws in a long breath, soreness turning into sharp pain and then flawing almost immediately into pleasure as the tension releases. "How to take care of someone."

Vala's mind immediately flashed back to a time long ago when she had learned her skills from another woman much older than her. She shook her head slightly, that was not a story that Cam needed to know at all. "A bit of instinct a bit of knowledge thats picked up here and there."

He can see that there is more to it than that, but he doesn't push. His hand, still on her neck, moves across her shoulder and town. He plays with her nipple almost absently, his eyes still on hers, mouth smiling. "I'm sure this is all self-serving, anyway."

"Of course," she readily agrees, grinning and moving so her mouth can slide against his. "Everything I do is self-serving. All for me." Vala pours a bit more of the perfumed oil into the palm of her hand and begins to apply it much higher on his chest, over his pecs. Her fingers scritch at his light sprinkling of chest hair, watching as it gets coated in more of the golden oil.

"Because you need me in top shape so you can have your wicked way," Cam agrees, letting her hair curl through his fingers, thick and glossy.

"Mmhm, what good would you be to me at just half your strength?" Vala tightens her thighs around his waist and moves slowly over him. It's a tiny movement that results in slowl grinding.

"No good," he nods. "And wouldn't that be a shame? You'd kick me- no, wait, we're at my place, you couldn't kick me out... or could you?"

He eyes her like he's trying to decide if she'd be able to or not.

Vala smirks widely and squeezes her thighs even tighter around him, letting him actually feel how strong she is.

He reaches down and grabs her thighs, holding her in place instead of trying to move her off of him. "Damn."

He's only felt hints of that sleek strength in the way she can use her body in bed.

She reaches and slides her hands up his chest. Pushing down on his shoulders, she brings his hands above his head and holds them there. She knows that if push came to shove he could take her but right now that's not what its about.

He lets her manipulate him easily... and likes it, as she can probably tell from the way his cock is suddenly waking and remembering what sort of vested interest it has in this situation.

"Oh, so you do like that," she murmurs softly. She begins to rock her hips back and forth even faster, taunting and teasing him.

"Don't think there's much you could do to me right now that I wouldn't like," he says, the oil making him feel the same way it had the night before - loose, like he's floating on air. "Except leave. Don't do that."

"I'm naked, can't leave right now," she replies with a naughty grin. "Don't they get upset about that around here?"

"Around here?" he laughs. "I think they get upset about that just about anywhere in the country."

Vala smirks, "Exactly. So I guess that means I'm going to have to stay here for awhile."

He wraps his arms around her and rolls them over. She's not fighting him any more than he was fighting her before. He grins down at her. "A while. A long while. You aren't the only one that has plans..."

"Oh, are you saying you actually have a few ideas here?" Vala teases, grinning up at him from underneath.

"Maybe just one," he murmurs, rocking his hips down into hers.

*

Vala waits until Cam falls asleep; between the oil and the orgasm, it didn't take long after sex before Cam was face down in his pillow and snoring. Finally having a moment to herself, Vala slips from the bed and moves into the living room.

There really isn't much for her to look around and find but Cam never tells her anything about what he does or who he is or even where all his interesting shaped bruises came from, so she intends to find out on her own. There are a stack of files on the table but a quick read through them tells her nothing except flying scores for various young pilots, nothing useful there.

Frowning, she begins to dig a bit deeper; she keeps an ear out for Cam, just in case he were to wake. Prying, she finds a briefcase tucked away behind a table chair. Its old and beat up and certainly not something she would have ever actually expected Cam to carry around.

"Odd," she whispers, setting it down quietly on the table. "Lets see what you're hiding then shall we?" Grabbing a bobby pin from her hair, Vala sits down and begins to pick the lock on the briefcase. It snaps open almost instantly.

Grinning like a schoolgirl, Vala digs through the papers, just more pilot test scores. She's about to close the case and call of her search when something catches her eye. She cocks her head to the side and digs it out, her eyes widening slightly. Its a security badge with Cam's name on it and it has her favourite words written underneath: Highest Level Security Clearance.

Cam wakes up and rolls out of bed, padding bare foot and naked into the bathroom. Iit actually takes him until he's coming back out of the bathroom to remember that he didn't go to bed alone. He drove her here, so she couldn't have just left unless she called a cab and he hopes she wasn't that eager to get away from him.

He thinks of the way she said his name right there at the end. No, he doesn't think she's gone. He steps into the living room, squinting at the light. He sees her standing there, shadowed, and his voice is confused. "Vala? What are you doing?"

"Sorry, was hungry," Vala apologises, moving in his kitchen. "I'm always hungry after good sex."

"Well, come back to bed," he says, still half asleep. He'll snap alert off world at the hint of a leaf crunching, but he's in his apartment now and somehow his body just knows it's a safe zone.

She puts her plate away in the kitchen and then goes into the bedroom. "Hoped you wouldn't mind. Made a sandwich."
"I'm surprised you found something in there worth making. I'll have to remember that... keep a well stocked fridge."Vala smiles at that.
"I'll send you a lot of leftovers," she whispers, tucking herself up against him.

"Mmm," he makes a sound of agreement and wraps his arms around her. "Lots of cherry tart, huh?"

"Yes. Now go to sleep," Vala yawns, closing her eyes and smiling.

*

Cam slips out of bed at six in the morning, snagging his shorts off of the ground and stepping into them as he does time calculations in his head.

In the kitchen, he starts the coffee and stands by the counter just breathing it in while he waits for the cobwebs to clear out of his head. What he's left with his a grin and a deeply satisfied feeling.
He takes a moment to wipe it off his face and heads back in to wake Vala up. She stretches slowly in the bed, smiling to herself before she slowly opens her eyes to look up at Cam. Her hair fans out behind her in the bed, making a large dark halo around her head.
"Good morning," she whispers, her voice husky and deep from sleep.

He circles around the bed and drops down beside her.

"Morning," he says, sliding his hand against her skin and under the covers. It's humid, the heat of her body trapped under thick blankets. The morning is not cold, but it's still tempting and he wants to touch her again. Just for a few minutes, just until the coffee is ready.

(He's procrastinating, but he doesn't care.)

Vala knows what he's doing and she likes it, encourages it. She runs a hand over his arm and pulls him into the bed and down on top of her over the covers. "Mmm, almost," she murmurs softly, grinning at him.

"You're up early," she adds, kissing him softly on the lips.

"Have to be," he says, resting his head on the pillow beside hers, face close.

He can't remember if they touched during sleep or not. He'd woken up away from her, aware of her presence but not in contact. "Busy day."

"Ooh, busy day at work?" She asks, her mind going back to the security clearance badge she had seen in his case. "Busy using those telescopes to look up at the stars?" She's curious to find out what it is he does during the day, what his security clearance leads to.

"It's always a busy day at work," he says, skirting the lie with half truths he feels comfortable enough to share. "More than just stars and telescopes. We have lots of science teams... analyzing all that data we're bringing in."

"Ooh," Vala purrs, running her hand over his hair, pushing it back from his forehead. "So you're a smarty pants then. There are science teams doing further research on what data you come up with?"

He gives her a crooked smile. "I'm not the... smarty pants. I'm there because they needed a team leader down on paper, for a team that leads themselves. They've been there a hell of a lot longer than me. I'm lucky if they remember to let me know what color uniform we're wearing. There's no chance they're taking orders from me, and I wouldn't try to give them."

Vala chuckles and runs her other fingers through his hair. "Well, what sort of team do you lead then? Tell me about your team, I'm curious."

He relaxes under the petting, though still hesitates to answer. "I can't go into specifics. But I've got - right now, one guy, he's not military, he's a scientists. He was on his way out the door when I showed up and now his transfer fell through and he's kind of stuck with me. There's a guy from... he's foreign. Wanted to go back and work on home soil, and I get that, but we needed him here so he's sticking around for a while. And Carter... well, she's not back yet, but we go way back so I'm working on it."

He smiles thinking of Sam, how the skinny little blonde he was at the Academy with turned around and all but built the SGC program from the ground up all by herself. He's proud of her, and he hopes he can work with her again.

"They sound nice." Vala leans forward and presses her lips to the side of Cam's temple. "What does the team leader do? I mean, what do you do versus the others?" She doesn't want to make it sound like she's trying to pry for information so she gives him a seductive little smile. "Just trying to find out more about you. Figure out who you are."

She wants to know more about him. That has to be a good sign, right? He thinks so, at least. He likes that she wants to know him better.

He likes her mouth on him, too, her hands in his hair.

"Means I get to do all the paperwork," he says, laughing. Actually, it's not a joke at all, because he's already discovered that Jackson does paperwork in his own way, in his own time. "Everyone else on the team has their specific areas. I'm supposed to be the one stringing it all together, seeing the big picture. I'm supposed to not let them get too distracted."

If that happens, people get killed. Hell, half of the time it seems like Jackson gets killed, if the reports he's read are anywhere near the truth. He can't think of a way to tell that to Vala without blowing his cover completely, so he just leaves it at that.

"Aw, seems like you don't get to have any fun..." She says softly, sulking for him. She sticks out her bottom lip and pouts a bit. "That doesn't seem very fair at all." She's not getting a lot out of him about what his job actually entails but that just means she's going to have to figure out another way to get info.

"I think I'm having just enough fun," he says, leaning in to kiss her pouting lip. "Just happens after hours, not while I'm on duty."

He can smell the coffee now, which means it's probably ready.

She smirks slowly and leans forward to press her lips against his nice and slow. "How about before duty then colonel? Or would you prefer to have a nice breakfast before you go to you have to give your orders and do your paperwork and be all team leader..."

"You enjoy driving me to distraction, don't you?" He kisses her back, just as slow and lazy. "I enjoy it, too."

Her laughter is low and pleased, and his hands on her are moving with more purpose.

The numbers on the clock tick by and he's too busy sliding down her body, between her legs to take notice. He brings her off with his tongue, tasting her slickness and inhaling the thick, intimate scent of her. His cock is hard and eager by the time she's calling out his name and he's no longer so languid, his movements urgent and needy as he slides into her.

She writhes and arches of the bed. Her legs are tangled in the sheets and her fingernails are clawing at his back, making scratches up and down his shoulder blades. Her head drops and falls back onto the pillow, crying out in ecstasy as Cam nails that sweet spot over and over, making her body shudder around him.

He grunts her name and his body shakes with exertion, with physical movement and with the task of hold himself back until he feels her spasm against him and knows that it's okay to let go. He breathes in deep and groans on the exhale, pleasure throbbing outwards as he tips over the edge.

He collapses onto her, softening, as he takes inventory of all the places on his body that feel so much right now. There's stinging along his back from her fingernails, the sticky discomfort of sweat clinging to his skin under the cover. He pushes off the blankets and waits for his heart to resume a normal speed.

Vala stretches out underneath him and groans happily. Her body already feels a pleasant sort of ache after that round and she knows she's going to be feeling it again later when she's on her feet in the diner. Of course, she could always give Sal a call, use one of those sick days he keeps going on about.

"Well. That's how I like to start my mornings." Vala grins brightly from underneath Cam before wrapping her arms around his neck.

He shifts so that he's not entirely crushing her. It's past seven now, but he can't bring himself to care. "You're telling me," he agrees, lifting himself up and then finding her mouth for a long, lazy kiss.

"Shouldn't you be getting ready for that whole work thing you're going to have to do later today?" She teases. Vala certainly enjoys the amount of naked flesh she has access to with him naked and above her. She runs her hands down his chest, her fingers carding through his chest hair.

He kisses her one more time and then flops over onto his back. "Yeah, you're right, though."

"I put some coffee on, but I need to shower before we go." With great effort, he gets out of bed. "You can go back to sleep for a few minutes if you want."

Vala smiles at him but waits for him to get into the shower before she makes herself at home in his kitchen. He really doesn't have much and she ate a lot of it the night before but she is able to scrounge some eggs and toast together for both of them.

He showers and dresses quickly in the bedroom, walking into the kitchen wearing his black t-shirt and bdu pants, feet bare. He has a quizzical look on his face that has nothing to do with the fact that she actually managed to find food in his fridge.

"Have you seen my-" he stops when he spots the green button up BDU shirt that he's looking for... on her.

"Hm?" Vala asks, turning to him, pouring herself a cup of coffee. "What are you looking for? Oh, I made breakfast. What can I say, sex makes me hungry." She grins sheepishly at Cam and bites into a piece of toast.

He walks up to her and puts his arms around her, tugging on the lapels of his jacket. "That's what I was looking for," he says, plucking the toast out of her hand and taking a bite.

"Oh, do you need it?" She asks, her hands moving to the buttons on his shirt. She's quite willing to pull it off right away if he needs it.

"In a few minutes," he says, stopping her hands and instead pulling them to him, guiding them around his neck so he can press her back against the counter. He bends and kisses her with thorough deliberation. Her lips are soft and sweet, the faint tang of orange juice on her tongue. He feels her fingers clutching at his shoulders but his whole focus is pouring into this kiss.

When he pulls away, there are spots of color flushing her cheeks and he feels a surge of pride that he can do that to her, that she isn't as unaffected as her overconfident attitude would suggest. He makes no sign of moving away from her, hovering in her space and just looking down at her. She's shorter by a few inches right now, her feet bare, and the height difference stokes that alpha male sensibility of his.

She tries to play it off.

"You want breakfast?" She asks, holding up a plate with toast and eggs that she made up for him already. "Mm, eggs. Yum," she wafts it under his nose and slides past him, her body against his as she moves tp his kitchen table. "And you know I can cook, learned from the best afterall. You'll have to try our brunch sometime."

He’d almost be annoyed at the sudden bout of evasion, if he weren’t still mellow from the nice start to the morning. "Yeah, I'll have to do that."

Vala turns her head over a shoulder and gives Cam a warm, soft smile. He may not always be able to tell, but she's just as affected by him as he is by her, she just hides it better sometimes. She sets the food down on the table and then turns back to Cam, wrapping her arms low around his waist. She liked him against her, his weight and heft pushing her back and surrounding her.

He hugs her back, pressing his face into her hair. It smells nice, like something he can't quite place, and he finds himself almost nuzzling it. He keeps his mouth shut because he's not sure what would come out if he opened it, but he's sure it would be something embarrassing.

He likes Vala. He really likes Vala.

He likes taking her to bed at night and waking up with her in the morning.

He pulls back a little and smiles at her. "Brunch, huh? Be careful, you oughta know by now I'll take you up on those sorts of invitations."

"Well then why don't you?" Vala teases, grinning widely at him. She reaches up and cups her hand around the side of his face and lets her smile turn softer. Leaning in she presses her lips against Cam's and presses her body to his.

He kisses back, close-mouthed then open, tongue darting out to swipe over her bottom lip. He likes the way that makes her squirm a little against him... his hand cups her ass and keeps her steady there. "Gonna make me late, woman."

"Oh, like you mind," she mumbles against his lips. "I think you're encouraging me." She pushes his breakfast plate back and sits up on the table, pulling Cam in to stand between her bare thighs.

"Might be," he agrees, moving his hands up her thighs, under the hem of his BDU shirt... the one still hanging loosely off of her.

He does need to get it back from her... he decides to go ahead and help that process along by undoing button after button while he kisses her neck, worrying a tender spot and then sucking hard. She'll have bruises to take back home, something she'll feel for at least a day or two.

Vala groans and arches her neck to Cam's touch, letting him do whatever he wanted. Her fingers curled bunching into his shirt and tugging him closer. Her thighs tighten around his body, keeping him from moving away from her.

He pushes the shirt off of her shoulders but she's still grabbing him so it doesn't fall the rest of the way down. This is enough though - he bends, mouths down her collarbone and lower, takes a nipple into his mouth and sucks lightly on it.

"Are we-- Again?" Vala asks, her voice breathless as she begins to roll her hips against his. She feels addicted to his touch, unable to go too long without wanting his broad hands all over her body.

He's too distracted to answer at first, hungrily suckling at her breast.

His mouth pulls away with a wet pop and he knows that he should be saying no, that he needs to get to the base, she probably needs to get to work... but he sees that look in her eye and the way he mouth is swollen from where they were kissing and he wants her. His hips press back when she does that fluid motion that he's so in awe of, clumsy and greedy but broadcasting his renewed interest.

"Shouldn't," he makes a last ditch effort at saying.

"But gonna," she pants back. Vala arches her hips up into Cam, grinding into him as her fingers scrabble on his pants, trying to undo the buttons and the zip to release his cock once more.

"Gonna be late," she continues, turning her head to suck a bruise on Cam's neck.

He reaches into his back pocket and grabs his wallet, slapping it into her hand. "Condom," he says, pushing his pants down the rest of the way and stepping between her thighs while she's fishing it out.

He strokes himself a couple of times, bringing himself to full hardness while she rips open the packet and then slides it down onto him. He lets her guide him into her.

"Hurry," she begs, fingers digging into his shoulders as she pushes back into him. Her breath catches when he slides fully inside her. "Yesss..." Panting her hips begin to dip and roll, moving quick and fast against his own.

He plants his hands on the table beside her and fucks her hard and fast. He finds her mouth with his and they kiss wetly and messily, panting, swallowing each others sounds of pleasure. The kisses blend and face until they're just breathing in each other as they work toward climax.

Her body is just as moving fast and hard, trying to keep up with his. "Tell me when you're close," she pants out against his lips.

"Close," he says almost immediately, laughing breathlessly. "Oh, I'm getting close, I'm... I'm gonna... are you?"

He tries to hold it back, knows it he let go it would only take two or three deep strokes into her to push him over, to bury himself in her and come so hard. He can feel it building, feel it tingling in his balls, in the base of his spine, radiating outward, so close.

Her hand slips down her body to rub at her clit, fingers stroking over the nub of over sensitive nerves. "Yeah, oh fuck yeah. Very close."

He pushes her down abruptly until her back hits the table, shoving the plate out of the way. It wobbles on the edge of the table and then clatters to the ground. "Whoops," he grins, yanking her hips down to his and grasping them tightly enough to bruise. "Almost there, fuck..."

"Already--" Vala's voice breaks as she surges up into his body, her orgasm hitting her hard. "Fuck, yes, Cam!" She cries out again as she comes around him, her body moving and vibrating around his cock.

He stills deep inside of her and clenches his eyes shut, head back, coming hard.

"... definitely gonna be late," he says, as soon as he gets his breath back enough to speak.

"Not gonna care," she whispers. Her eyes are closed as she takes a moment to catch her breath. A smile curls across her lips, her fingers playing now on his back. "Was very good. Again."

He leans down over her, pushing her hair back from her face and kissing her again. "You were..."

Palming down her side, fingertips brushing the sides of her breasts, he admires her body blatantly.

He bents and kisses her stomach, brushing his lips over smooth, damp skin... down, down, flicking his tongue over her belly button, skimming back up to nuzzle at her breast. He makes his way to her mouth and gives her another soft kiss. "You were..." He flashes her a grin. "Not bad, I guess."

Vala makes a face and pushes at his chest, trying to push him off of her. "Oh shove off," she says, shaking her head. "I was more than not bad."

He doesn't go anywhere, despite her half-hearted shove. He does, however, take pity on her and says, "You were amazing. Incredible. Blew my damn mind."

Leaning down, he kisses her again, coaxing responsiveness out of her.

"Much, much better." She kisses him back slowly, her arms wrapping around his neck and holding him close. "We're going to stick like this if we don't clean up soon."

"I got it," he says, prying himself away from her.

He glances back before walking away, stunned by how gorgeous and uninhibited she looks splayed naked on his kitchen table, legs spread casually, pussy glistening from her wetness, lush from the sex. He forces a groan down and makes himself walk into the bathroom. He takes care of the condom, dropping it into the trash, and dampens a washcloth to take back to her.

Vala's eyes flicker over to Cam's wallet and she quickly picks it up, rifling through it. There isn't much, a few credit cards, a military I.D., a license and some cash along with a few more condoms. There is, however, an access card tucked away at the back of the wallet, oh isn't this a special day for her.