




Violated

****************

Young woman is surprised by male intruder in her own home. Forced
to submit she learns some interesting things about her own sexual
preferences. 

(MF-Language-non consensual).

****************

By William DuPain  (c)

****************


Connie had just removed her dress and everything else except her
lace panties and bra. She stood in front of the mirror admiring
her slender body with its high upturned breast. Her fingerstips
toyed with the rich brocade at the edge of her bra then ran down
the skin of her smooth, flat belly, across her high prominent
pubic mound, and down the inside of her luscious thighs ...
stopping just above the black thigh high stockings she still
wore.



She was startled when she noticed a movement in one corner of the
bedroom, her right hand rising quickly to rest at her throat.
Someone tall and muscular leapt across the room and grabbed her
around the waist throwing her back on the bed. Her heart was
pounding in her chest; as her assailant's hand stifled a scream
before it had a chance to escape her lips and give alarm.



"I've been watching you slut, teasing me that way in front of
your mirror by rubbing everything you have ... you fucking
tease!" he told her with a deep raspy voice.



"I didn't mean to intentionally antagonize you, please don't hurt
me!" she begged him.



"You were teasing me the same way you tease everyone, but tonight
your going to get fucked good for it slut, fucked in every
opening you have!" he yelled at her.



She lay prone under her attacker helpless, her privacy violated,
her safety threatened, his hardening cock shoved tightly against
her pussy, Connie was afraid ... more frightened than she'd ever
been in her life.



"Nice bra," her assailant barked, "how about we have a look under
it," he said. With that, rough hands slid the scanty fabric of
her bra off her breasts, and hard uncaring fingers began to maul
her tender skin. As he painfully twisted her soft nipples, he
also forcefully ground his cock into the crack of her cunt.



"Nice tits babe, I can tell from the way your nipples stand up at
attention that you really want this cock of mine inside of you
... don't you baby?" He asked her rudely.



Hesitating a little too long Connie finally spat out her reply,
"No!" she answered loudly.



"We'll see about that whore," he said, as he roughly pulled her
up from the bed and tore off all her exotic accessories.



"Pull down my zipper and play with my cock!" he commanded.



"I will do no such thing she responded," a look of total shock on
her face.



"Look, you know you want this thing inside of your snatch fucking
your brains out, so get with it bitch!" he told her again.



While Connie would never admit it out loud, she was turned on,
the rough treatment and dirty names; coupled with that large,
hard cock of his grinding against her clit had made her wet.



Still she shook her head no!



"Look you little slut, if you don't do what I ask of you, I'll do
things to your body you wont ever forget."



He was looking directly into her almond shaped green eyes as he
spoke, and something in the light of them, and the tone of his
voice, told her she'd better cooperate or something very bad was
going to happen.



"Now pull my fucking zipper down and get with it whore!"



Connie did exactly what he told her to do, her trembling hand
pulled out the largest cock she had ever seen, and then
delicately she began to squeeze and stroke the giant intruder.



"Now get down on your knees!" he growled, his voice still angry.



Connie obeyed immediately and kneeled in front of her attacker.



"You really want to suck that thing don't you baby?" he asked.



Before she could even complete her reply he had shoved his dick
halfway down her throat. A loud groan forced its way past his
lips, as he held her face with both hands and roughly fucked her
mouth.


She gagged and he backed out a little, then shoved back in
until the head of it slid past that tight ring at the back of her
throat and then he paused there, just to revel in the feeling of
her damp warmth.



Connie was surprised that being dominated and roughly treated
this way would turn her on the way it had, she was wet between
the legs and desperate to get this hard cock inside of her ...
yes, her pussy, that's what it was she thought, and she liked
using the word.



Her thick saliva ran freely down this intruders cock and over his
balls ... she pulled him out to lick the moisture from his nuts,
and she could tell from the sounds he made that he enjoyed it a
great deal.



She knew her cunt lips were wet and gaping widely, and that her
clit was at full attention, she wanted to fuck him now, right now
... no doubt about it. Her facial cheeks were flushed with color,
her heart raced in her breast, and her body trembled for reasons
other than fear now.



The intruder lay back on the floor and ordered Connie to lower
her cunt over his mouth, after complying she started sucking his
cock again. Connie moaned as she lowered her swollen pussy lips
over the tip of his hot tongue, glad now that he had forced and
humiliated her. Their mingled moans and whimpers danced lewdly
about the room, as they continued to orally gratify each other.



"I want you to mount me and fuck my cock with that wet gaping
cunt of yours slut!" he hissed at her.



"Yes sir ... right away sir!" she obediently replied.



He stretched her wide, when she gyrated her hot cunt down over
his throbbing hardness. Almost coming before she even reached the
base of it, god she was a slut. But didn't care anymore, she
loved the rough treatment, and dirty names, and deeplyt craved
the sensation of him inside her.



She pumped him, loving the feel of his meat going in and out of
her pussy, until at last she felt him swell to unnatural
proportions stretching her so wide that he almost hindered her
motion.



His searing come slammed into her pussy, setting off the most
profound orgasm she'd ever experienced in her life.



"Oh Fuck I'm coming ... yes, yes, yes!"



"Suck it out of me you cheap dirty slut he cried, as she paused
above him he could feel her subtle cunt lips gulping the come
juice from his bag. She loved his rude mannerisms and the feel of
his cock, as it bucked and lurched inside her soft passage.



Connie wanted more of this stranger's meat, once simply wasn't
enough, her pussy was still hungry and it was his fault, all
those filthy things he had called her. He had roughly mauled and
used her, treating her contemptuously ... making her hot like
this was his fucking fault.



When the last drop of his hot come shot into her clutching cunt,
Connie simply continued pumping up and down on his hard, hot
meat. She wanted another; he brought his ass into her home and
took her against her will making her hot enough to do anything
for him. Now the bastard would give her what she wanted, one more
hard come.



"You cheap fucking whore, you can't get enough can you slut ...
hell babe, you wouldn't care right now who it was that mounted
that dripping pussy of yours would you bitch.



"No sir, I'd let you watch me fuck anyone you wanted too, because
as you've said sir, I am a slut," she trembled, "Please sir, just
give me another orgasm!" she begged with heated sincerity.



Connie's fluids were flowing heavily again as she stroked her
pussy up and down the hard shaft of her rapist.



"Fuck it you cheap whore, fuck what you can't get enough of
bitch," he told her rudely, as reached up and squeezed her tits
hard.



"You fucking bastard!" she cried out, at the abuse of her
breasts.



But it was the act of pain that shattered her focus and pushed
her headlong over the edge of reality, into another plain of
existence where only intense pleasure dwelt. A short, temporary
refuge, where everything that made up her personality, was
renewed and revitalized.



After her rapist emptied himself into her for the second time he
rudely pulled his cock out of her body and stood. He left her
there her knees folded up close to her body, his come running out
of her stretched out opening, without so much as a word.



He paused before leaving, with his hand on the door handle and
said, "You're the best piece of cheap, easy pussy I've ever had,
I'm coming back tonight, be ready slut!"



Raising her eyes to those of her rapist Connie said, "I wont be
here sir ... but the French maid will be!"



As he closed the door he had a smile on his face, as he
remembered the Victoria's Secrets catalogue he'd received in the
mail. And the great price he got on the French maid costume.



He loved her sweet ass in that outfit ... God, how he loved his
wife he thought, as he turned to go!


End

  WilliamDuPain@gmail.com







