The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
non-commercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com 

Please give me your comments. 

This is a the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.



MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 1

Uncle Bert

My name is David Bertram Wilson. Barely twenty-one, I had just graduated summa cum
laude in chemistry and physics from Rice University in Houston.   All my family are
scientists: orderly, logical, boring types.  My father is a nuclear physicist, my mother a
biochemist.  All my aunts and uncles are scientists, too. My grandfather had seven boys.
He named them Andrew, Bertram, Charles, Donald, Edward, Frank and George. I told
you we are very orderly people. 

We are a very close family but the person I always felt closest to was my Uncle Bert.
Uncle Bert was different, the odd one, so to speak. While all the others had significant
positions in research with major corporations or key professorships at major universities,
Uncle Bert was a maverick.  He had sold some patents early in his life and invested the
money.  He had homes in Vail and Aspen but he usually lived in an old ranch house in
the Rockies above Glenwood Springs.  He was always experimenting on something or
another.  Every Christmas I could remember, Uncle Bert spent with us, or, us with him in
the mountains skiing.  

Since I was a small boy, my parents sent me to spend the summer with him each year. I
loved Uncle Bert.  Out of all those stiff science types, we were kindred spirits, cutting up,
laughing, joking.  Uncle Bert would want to just lie in the sun and sleep sometimes, or
chase butterflies, or, when I was older, chase women.  I could never imagine any of the
others doing that.  In fact, I felt more like him, closer to him, than I did my own parents.

I had just finished unloading my car in LA where my parents both teach at UCLA when
we got the news.  Uncle Bert had died. His lawyer called to tell us the news. I was in
shock.  I knew he had suffered a major heart attack eight months ago, but we all thought
he had fully recovered.  The lawyer asked to speak to me.  Telling me I had been
appointed executor and primary beneficiary of Uncle Bert's estate,  he asked me to come
to Denver immediately.  I took the next plane and met with the lawyer the next morning. 
He reviewed Uncle Bert's legal situation, filed the will for me and gave me the keys to
Uncle Bert's homes. 

The lawyer said, as he gave me an envelope,  "Your Uncle left this for you, David. I do
not know what is inside." 

It was terse note which read, "Go to my ranch house.  Call 555-4567 and ask for Andy. It
is very important."  

I met with the bank trust department who managed all his money.  I found Uncle Bert had
left enough for me to have about $20 million after taxes and gifts to others, not including
the three houses.  My parents and all his siblings had been left nice sums and trusts of
$1 million each had been established for Mary Mathews and Andrea Mathews.  I had
never heard of them but I knew Uncle Bert knew a lot of people. I finished with the bank
and called the lawyer to tell him I was going into the mountains to Uncle Bert's . . .  now,
my . . .  house.  I was going to rent a car but the lawyer said Uncle Bert's new Bronco
was waiting for me.  I pointed the Bronco up Interstate 70 and headed into the
mountains.

Memories of Uncle Bert flooded through me as the miles ticked away.  He was always
there, giving me presents, advise: giving me love and guidance.  He had never married
and it seemed I was his total focus when I was with him. In the summer, we would go
fishing, hiking, dreaming. We did not always stay in the Rockies. Uncle Bert took all over
America, and to Europe and the Far East as I was growing up.  Each summer was a
wonderful, exciting and, educational adventure.  

When I got to puberty, I understood why Uncle Bert was single.  He would never be
satisfied with one woman.  My mind flashed back to the summer I was fourteen.  

"Davy," Uncle Bert said, "some friends of mine are coming for a visit. They will be here
about two weeks." 

"Oh, Uncle Bert, I was hoping we could do things together," I said petulantly.  

"We will, Davy. We will."  I saw the twinkle in his eye.  

"Do you know about the birds and the bees, Davy?"  

"Of course. Biology is . . . "  

"No, Davy," he interrupted.  "Do you know about women? Pussy? Sex? Fucking?"  

I turned a bright red.  My parents were so conservative, "Touched By An Angel" was too
risque for them.  

"No," I croaked.  

"Are you a virgin?"

No man at any age likes to admit he is a virgin.  But, I was.  "Yes, sir," I said shame
faced.  

"Davy, you are only fourteen.  Don't be embarrassed.  Do you masturbate?"  

I wanted to sink into the floor but I nodded affirmatively.  He laughed.  I loved Uncle Bert's
laugh. It was strong, happy, masculine.  

"Well, Davy. You may not want these two weeks to end."  

"What do you mean?"  

He smiled and got up to get more coffee, refusing to discuss it further. About five that
afternoon, a Dodge Caravan drove up the long gravel road to the ranch house. The doors
opened and three females got out.  

"Davy, this is Susan Stevens and her daughters, Sandy and Sara."  As we unloaded their
car, Uncle Bert said, "Davy, put the girls' things in your bedroom."  I froze, my mind
whirring. I had a hard-on most of the day wondering what Uncle Bert's cryptic comments
this morning meant.  Now, it was a steel rod and I was afraid the girls would see it. They
did.

Sandy firmly grabbed my cock through my jeans.  

"You a virgin?" she asked.  That was the second time that day I was embarrassed to
answer that question, but I did.  

"So is Sara," Sandy replied.  "Don't worry. Neither of you will be virgins in the morning."  I
thought I would shoot right there.

As the evening progressed, I learned Sandy was sixteen and Sara was fourteen, like me.
Both of them looked like their mother, tall, slim, tiny waists, small, high breasts. They had
long brown hair and huge, soft chocolate eyes over a cute nose and full lips. We visited,
ate and played Monopoly. It was only eight fifteen when Uncle Bert said, "Well, it is my
bedtime."  He stood, took Susan's hand and headed for his bedroom.  We three
teenagers just stared at each other. 

Sandy laughed.  "Come on, virgins. We need to go to bed, too," she said, heading for our
bedroom. I looked at Sara, expecting to see her blush.  Her face was raw, wanton lust. 
My cock quivered as it quickly hardened. I had never undressed in front of a girl before,
and, the only girl I had seen naked was my cousin Debbie, one of Uncle Donald's
daughters. I started to unbutton my shirt. 

"Davy," Sara whispered, desire dripping from her voice. "May I undress you?"  

"If I can undress you," I replied. 

"OK," she giggled.  As Sara's small, dainty fingers fumbled with my buttons, I became
instantly aware of the heat rising from her and of the smell.  It was something I had never
smelled before.  It was something I immediately knew I would love forever.  

It was the smell of pussy. 

I should tell you how I feel about pussy.  Some guys say a real man would never eat
pussy. I say a man who does not eat pussy: (a) is a macho asshole too stupid to know
what he is missing, and, (b) does not truly love women.  How can a man say he loves
women and not want to bury himself in her essence: to smell it, touch it, lick it, taste it,
feel its heat, its slimy, sweet stickiness.  Saying you like women but don't eat pussy is
like saying your love roses but do not want to touch or smell one.  When I eat pussy, I
sometimes stick my prominent nose in there, rubbing the bridge against her clit as I smell
and taste her.  And, I have never had a woman push my mouth away from her, unless
she is so exhausted from orgasming she needs to rest. 

But, I did not know all this at that moment when Sara Stevens began unbuckling my belt.
All I knew was I was going to get laid for the first time and that thought and her smells
were driving me mad. 

I saw movement out of the corner of my eye.  Sandy had stripped naked. She lay back on
the beg, spread her legs, and was slowly fingering herself.  I felt Sara slip to her knees in
front of me as she pulled my boxers down. Sara was staring right at my cock, her big
eyes unblinking.  As I felt the precum ooze from me, I wondered how much longer I would
be a virgin.

Sandy knelt beside her sister.  

"Young men go off real quickly unless they have had an orgasm or two.  Do you want him
to cum in your mouth, sis?"  

"Yes, but not right now," Sara replied. 

"Watch me then. Watch how my mouth works him. Hold his balls. You can tell when he
is going to cum that way."  I felt Sara cup my balls in her hand and heard her rapid
breathing. Sandy's tongue flicked out to lick my pre cum away. Then, my cock
disappeared in her mouth.  I felt her apply a vacuum as her tongue whipped back and
forth on the underside of my prick.

Sara squealed as I starting shooting in Sandy's mouth. I put a hand on each of their
heads for balance as Sandy slurped away. My very first blow job was very enjoyable
indeed. Sandy grabbed her sister by the back of the neck, kissing her hard, her tongue
down Sara's throat. Sara struggled a little at first, then relaxed, letting her sister rape her
mouth. I realized Sandy had not swallowed me but was transferring my cum to Sara.

They both had white gooey spunk on their lips when Sandy broke the kiss. 

"Like it?" Sandy asked. She was the sixteen-year-old sex pro teaching us "kids" the
ropes. 

"Yeah," Sara replied, her voice full of amazement.  

"You will learn to love it, sis.  A real woman is always a first class cock sucker and loves
to swallow cum.  I cannot get enough."  

"Can I try?" Sara asked.  

"Ask him."  Sara looked at me with huge, hot bubbling eyes.  "Can I suck your cock,
Davy?"  

I nodded happily but I thought, "what a stupid question."

Sara wrapped her lips around me. I was swelling rapidly. 

"It is so big," Sara said. 

"Yes. Don't expect all men to be that big. And, Davy is not finished growing."  

That one comment did enough for my ego for a lifetime. As Sandy quietly gave her
instructions, sweet, fourteen year old, Sara Stevens was learning to suck cock. I was the
beneficiary of her education.  Sandy even instructed her on how to deep throat although
Sara did not get the hang of it yet.  I felt a load coming. So did Sara. She started sucking
harder but when I went off in her mouth, she gagged and pulled back. I shot spunk on
her face as Sara tried to swallow what she could. Sandy licked her sister clean.

After Sara and I floated down from her afterglows, I helped the girls to their feet.  

"My turn," I said as I reached for the buttons on Sara's blouse.  

"No, no," Sandy said.  "Very slowly. Take your time." 

"No. Do it real quick, Davy. I want you in me," Sara snapped.  She was naked in a flash.
Sara and I climbed on the bed.  

"Now, slowly, Davy," Sandy instructed.  

"Shut, up, Sandy," Sara and I said simultaneously.  I felt Sara's hand on my cock as she
guided me into her.

Since I had cum, I could last longer; probably a lot longer, although I was too
inexperienced to know that.  All I knew was my cock was in a cunt for the first time in my
life.  Sara was tight, so very tight, like my own fist.  She squirmed as I pushed.  I felt
something resist my entrance.  

"It is her hymen, David," Sandy said.  

"Sis, this will hurt but he has to break it."  

"Just do it. I want to be fucked," Sara groaned. 

"Push hard and fast," Sandy ordered.  I did.  Sara screamed.  I pulled out and saw the
blood.

"It's OK. Now, go back in her and fuck her."  I hesitated. 

"You heard her! Fuck me!" Sara barked. I did.  Sara wrapped her legs around me and
held on for dear life.  Her smallish tits were hot diamonds burning a hole in my chest as I
pounded away.  "Oh, Davy, hurry," she whimpered urging me to fuck her harder, not that
I needed any encouragement.  

Then, it happened. I knew at once what it was, and, I knew I would be addicted to it the
rest of my life. I felt her legs tightened, heard her breathing quicken. She tilted her hips
upward and held my ass to her, maximizing my penetration.  Her back arched as she
whimpered quietly. I had experienced a woman's orgasm on my cock.  There is nothing
like it.

That is how I lost my virginity, many thanks to Uncle Bert.  We did not stop there.  For
two weeks, sex education class was in session. I also deflowered Sara's cute, tight ass. 
And, I screwed Sandy and their mother, Susan, as well.  I learned Sandy lost her virginity
to Uncle Bert about eight months before.  They taught me everything from both a
woman's and a man's perspective. 

Those two weeks were my first time to fuck a pussy, an ass, a mouth, two women, three
women, first threesome, foursome and fivesome.  All in all, it was best two weeks any
fourteen-year-old guy ever had. 

Uncle Bert was right.  It was the shortest two weeks of my life and I hated to see them go.  

Waking from my reverie, I was hungry and the Bronco needed gas.  I stopped at
Loveland and filled us both up. 

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me comments.