Chapter 6: Prince of Cats

Gryffindor House's emotional display of cake, butterbeer, and acceptance was nothing more than a momentary blip in life as usual up in the lions' tower. By Monday morning, it was back to business, except perhaps that Sirius was getting even more lusty looks from forlorn girls than he had ever before (and he'd never received a lack of lusty looks).

"I don't get it, mate. They know I'm off the market now," he complained to James on the way to breakfast.

"They know that underneath your bad-boy exterior you're a big bloody ponce who couldn't hurt a fly, you mean."

"That's not true! I've hurt a lot of things!"

"No need to sound so proud, Pads," Remus answered quietly from the back of the foursome.

"They think your bad boy exterior is a facade, Padfoot," James angled to explain again.

"Well, it's not. And I'm not bad. I'm just--"

"Opinionated. Spare us, we know." James punched Sirius' shoulder.

"Who do I have to hex, then, to get the girls to stop looking at me like that?"

James shrugged. To him, the answer was obvious. "Remus."

"What? I can't hex Moony! What are you on about? I meant, which Slytherin--"

"That's the problem! As long as you keep hexing Slytherins, they're going to keep giving you the dreamy eyes."

Sirius sighed.

"Look on the bright side," James laughed as they entered the Great Hall and walked between long food-lined tables, "it looks like the Ravenclaw girls are mad at you, and the Slytherin girls would like to see you dead."

"Well at least with the snakes the feeling's mutual," Sirius whispered gruffly.

Still, no one could help but notice the truth carried in James' words. While the Gryffindor table was boisterous and largely ignorant of the arrival of the four most prominent members of its house (food will do that to Gryffindors, as they are a generally distractable and hungry lot), the rest of the Great Hall fell eerily silent at the Marauders' entrance.

"Say, Pete, is there egg on my face?" Remus asked rhetorically as eyes followed them.

"Huh?" Peter answered.

James rolled his eyes. They got to their usual seats and dug in.

"So why are the Ravenclaw birds mad, you think?" Sirius asked around a mouthful of fried bread.

"Isn't it obvious?" Remus answered. "You and I did a spot of very enviable magic. I doubt any one of them would be up to it."

"Then why aren't the blokes upset?"

Everyone stared at him a moment. "Um, Sirius?" James started, pointing with a fork over Sirius' shoulder to the Ravenclaw table, "they are. Check out Erec Madderson."

"Don't check out Erec Madderson, please," Remus added quietly to his bacon. "You may, however, look at him."

"Oooh, Sirius is pussy-whipped," Peter laughed.

Remus threw down his bacon and Peter soon found himself at the butt end of three very incensed glares.

"I mean, uh, cock... whipped?"

"Merlin, Pete, you're sick," Sirius sighed.

"I'm curious," James said, holding up his plump sausage, "why did you notice all the girls and not the way the guys look like they want to kill you?"

Sirius shrugged, but his eyes were glued to James' sausage as James gestured with it.

"Hungry, mate?" James leaned the plump meat into Sirius' face. Sirius simply frowned. James shrugged and took a bite with a smile.

Suddenly, Sirius was on his feet. "Fuck off, Prongs. I'll see you lot in Binns' class." He grabbed his books and stormed off.

James glared after Sirius. "What's gotten into him?" He noticed Remus watching him carefully.

Remus sighed and rubbed his forehead. "He thought you were teasing him. With the sausage thing, and after Pete just said... Well, after what Pete just said."

"Bloody hell! I just thought he was after my sausage! I mean, my meat. Fucking hell. My breakfast, Moony. I just thought he wanted my breakfast. He'd already eaten his own sau-- breakfast."

At that, Remus laughed. "I know. But it is unnerving to have everyone staring at you. It tends to make one paranoid."

"'S not everyone. Look, Xenophilius couldn't care less."

"Xenophilius thinks I'm an Erumpant," Remus answered with a smile.

"Oi, at least you are a magical creature. I wonder what he thinks I am," James grinned.

"A one-eyed one-horned flying purple people eater," Remus deadpanned.

"A what now?"

"It's a muggle song, you moron," Lily Evans chimed in. How had James not seen her sitting just a few feet away? Had she been there all this time?

James exchanged an amused glance with Remus-- or he tried to, but Remus' eyes were filled with the quiet sort of alarm that James had come to know intimately these last couple years. His mind flew to the conversation, to everything he'd said. Remus' eyes were asking, 'How much did Lily hear?'

Lily though, was up and gone in a moment. She didn't say goodbye to any of them, and the way she flitted by Remus without seeming to see him was troublesome in its unnaturalness. Even dense Peter frowned at James and Remus.

"Did she--" Peter started.

"No," James answered. "We've done this a dozen times. Just lead her off the trail. Sorry, mate."

Remus shrugged with a meek smile. "Like you said, we've done this a dozen times."

"Doesn't make me less sorry."

*****

By their morning break, all the tensions of breakfast between the Marauders had been forgotten. Early-season flurries were falling from the sky, and it altered their usual routine of sitting outside during break. Instead, they took seats in the Great Hall with the rest of the student body. Most people were no longer staring. The novelty of Sirius and Remus seemed to have worn off even before breakfast faded into pre-lunch hunger.

"We have to deal with the Slytherins next hour," James observed mundanely over his potions text. He was busy hurriedly finishing his definitions for the ten assigned potions ingredients.

Sirius grunted.

"Snape mostly keeps to himself in potions," Remus volunteered.

James paused and looked up, spinning his quill around a knuckle a couple times before he spoke. "You're not really that dense, Remus."

"What?" Remus asked, putting down a finger to hold his place in the novel he was reading for Muggle Studies.

Sirius was carefully spelling a housefly to do a pavane. The fly had some difficulty, as it had too many feet, but Sirius was intent on his work. Nonetheless, he was quite accomplished at listening in to conversations. Without taking his eyes or attention from the little processional fly, Sirius answered quietly, "Regulus pulls Snivellus's strings these days." He did not miss the irony, given his current preoccupation.

"But Regulus is so much younger," Peter objected.

"And more powerful," James supplied. "Snivellus likes power. He's not a pure blood, but being a Slytherin, of course he thinks he has to find one to follow around. And face it, Regulus is cool. Don't you think so, Moony?" James winked at Remus, who was across the table, and elbowed Sirius. "Handsome bloke, too, eh?"

Sirius spared a glance at Remus, who smiled once quickly and then went expressionless. "Very handsome, yes. I hear he's straight, though, more's the pity. You wouldn't happen to know if he has a less mentally-impaired, more open-minded, cuter, bent older brother? I could go for that."

"No, sorry mate," James answered without humor, "he has got a bent older brother, but I don't know about the 'less mentally-impaired bit'." James flinched and squawked as he was kicked under the table. All four Marauders laughed deeply. The housefly escaped, grateful to be finished with its dance lessons for the day.

*****

The boys, however, were far from done with their own lessons. Potions was a long and boring preparation of a calming drought-- something they all knew how to do, but today the class were attempting to make it a different color without changing the formula, the idea being that you never knew when you might have to slip it into someone's drink.

Nothing had changed between the four of them. Remus and Sirius had hardly just become a couple this weekend. The real difference was that now, the rest of the school knew what Pete and James had known for a long while. Nevertheless, it was by longstanding tradition that James and Sirius paired off in potions. They usually found some way to morph the mixture into something devious and slip a little unseen into a vial for later. Remus couldn't abide it, and Sirius couldn't resist it, so the two of them had tried exactly once to work together in potions before deciding that their previous arrangement had been just fine.

They all finished for the morning, and gathered their rucksacks and bags, heading towards lunch.

"Would it kill them to have a window or two in there? I feel like I've been locked in a dungeon," James joked.

"Potter," a brash, throaty voice called from behind them. James froze, but Sirius poked James in the back and whispered, "Keep moving. I don't hear anyone important."

"Potter," the voice was closer, and James sped his steps. Sirius flung an arm over James' shoulders and called on ahead, "Oi, Moony, Wormtail, move a little faster will you? I'm so starved I just might eat Jay."

"Gross!" Peter called backwards.

Sirius kicked a long leg out and caught Peter in the bum. "How many fucking times do we have to tell you to keep your dirty thoughts to yourself?"

"Sirius!" their pursuer finally conceded his airs, as Regulus called out to the person he was no doubt really wanting to speak with. It was a show of submission. It was what Sirius had been holding out against, hoping not to hear, planning to escape.

Sirius groaned and spun, bringing James around in a full one-eighty as well. Remus and Peter stopped and turned to see what was going on.

Regulus stood in the dungeon hall haughtily facing down Sirius, very much a likeness to the Gryffindor brother, but with hair a shade lighter, and a jawline slightly more angular. Regulus was also taller by a full inch. His eyes matched Sirius', but the similarities ended there. Regulus had always followed all the rules for good little pure-blooded boys. Toujurs pur. Sirius liked to think his own personal motto was more like toujurs fucking awesome, so suck my dick. He cast a predatory grin at the boy who, whatever else he might be, was not Sirius' little brother. Flanking Regulus was none other than his groupie, Snivellus.

"Didja want something?"

"I owled Mum about your indiscretions. Which one of these boys is your," Regulus gulped, "concubine."

Sirius stiffened, and he could feel James bristle next to him as well. James instinctively restrained Sirius, as Sirius started to growl out threats, and not idle ones either.

Regulus started to laugh. It was a cruel, calculated thing, but it had the effect of calming Sirius, as he could see that he was being played, and that getting any more angered would simply fold himself further into Regulus' hand.

Then Remus stepped in front of James.

"It's you," Regulus hissed.

"I've never hexed a Slytherin before. You all claim it's always good fun. Shall I try it out and see?" Moony kept his eyes trained on Regulus as he spoke.

"Moony! Give him hell! You're my hero. Hex the filthy little maggot and his filthier big-nosed pet cockroach into next fucking week!" Sirius was seeing red now. He didn't want Regulus to so much as look at Remus.

Remus pulled out his wand, and Regulus actually took a step back. Remus laughed. "Alas, but he's family. This rather reminds me of that muggle play by Shakespeare. I guess I'm Romeo!"

"Can I be Mercutio?" Sirius jumped up.

"You're Juliet, you poofter," James shoved him playfully.

"I think Peter should get to be Mercutio," Remus answered calmly, "He hardly ever gets the good parts, and James is clearly Benvolio."

"No, if Sirius is Juliet, I get to be Tybalt," James answered.

"Regulus is Tybalt, you slug head," Remus laughed, "That's what started this conversation!"

"Oh. Right. Yes. Benvolio then. Kill Tybalt, Pete!" James shoved Peter forward.

"What the fuck are you all talking about?" Peter asked.

"Muggle literature," Remus answered.

"In the good name of Merlin, shut the bloody hell up about books and let me curse some Slytherins, yeah?" Sirius' wand was drawn now side-by side with Remus', which was probably why Regulus and Snivellus hadn't moved during the course of Remus' and James' literary exploration of the situation. Regulus stared at them with saucer-like grey eyes.

"Sirius," Remus whispered. "Don't."

"Look," Sirius sighed, seeming to suddenly lose momentum at Remus' words, "Reggie, I don't want to hex you, but you're being a right arsehole. Merlin knows why, it's not as if you were born one, but you really seem to believe old-fashioned politeness and manners don't extend to people you aren't related to by some contorted mess of blood. Heaven above pity you all the interesting people you treat like crap and never get to know. And no, Snivellus doesn't count as interesting. Or a person, really, when you get down to it. But, I had a point. Uh... right! I don't muck in your life. I let you go on living as a small-minded bigot if that's what you like. In return, I expect you to leave me alone when I want to be the open-minded and very incredibly amazing, young, and powerful wizard I am, yeah? If you want to break your end of the deal, I can just as easily break mine and make your life a living hell. You do know who owns this school, don't you?"

"Do you think people will still follow you after they discover you're a bloody pillow biter?" Regulus asked, his eyes narrowing.

"Yeah. Yeah, I do. Because I've still got the fastest wand, the shortest temper, the very best friends, and now they all know what kind of magic I'm really capable of."

Regulus paled a touch at that particular argument. He glared at Sirius a moment longer before he shrugged and turned to Snape. "Come on, let's leave these losers alone," he said, and the pair walked off, but Regulus' words came out sounding flat and frightened, and Sirius was not fooled.

"Well," Peter shook his head. "Now I'm starved. Let's get to lunch."

"Lead the way, Mercutio my man, lead the way!" Sirius grinned. He did not expect they'd have any more problems from the Slytherins. Sirius prided himself on reading people and on usually being right about them, and he thought his point had sunk well into Reggie's head.

But even Sirius knew the difference between 'usually' and 'always'.