Bob And The Girl Next Door
by Octave888888

Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 04

Bob is threatened.

Sunday morning, I took Bob out for a good walk. We saw Olivia when we returned to the house. "Anna's really excited this morning," she told me.

My mind raced through the sexy show she'd given me last night. "Oh?" I simply said.

"Yeah, she's so happy to take care of your dog."

I relaxed a little. "Oh, yeah, Bob loves Anna too." Bob looked up at us with his dopey bulldog smile. "I know he's in good hands."

"I'm glad too," she told me. "It gives her something to do this summer. Most of the time she's spending lying around the house. But, she needs a car to get a job, so I guess that'll happen."

"Maybe I can make a little financial contribution to the car fund," I offered. "It's the least I can do for her dog-sitting. I offered it before, but she didn't take it."

Olivia considered it. "If you want, I won't turn it down. If she won't take it, I will, and I'll just put it in a savings account for her."

"No problem," I said. "I'll take care of it when I get back from this trip."

*****

I made my flights with no problem and checked into my hotel in Phoenix around 8:00 that night. I grabbed some takeout and brought it back to the hotel room. While I ate, I texted Anna. 'How's it going?'

'Good. Just going over in a minute to feed Bob.'

Good, I thought. Just in time. I grabbed my tablet and brought up the security cameras. I watched for a few minutes before Anna entered, wearing a tanktop and shorts, similar to how she'd looked the previous night. She waved at the camera there as she came in.

True to form, right after she fed Bob, she disappeared from view. I switched cameras to see her wander up the stairs and into my room. She waved at the camera in the upstairs hall as she passed it, confirming she knew it was there since the first time. Even though neither of us had brought it up, she had put on a show, hoping I'd see it.

I switched again to the newest camera, the one she didn't know about, the one with the built-in microphone. She walked slowly around the bed, looking at things on the walls. I thought for a minute that she'd spot the camera on my dresser, hidden between two picture frames, but she didn't.

She spotted one picture on a table in the corner, and I saw her mouth frown at it. It was a picture of myself with Linda, holding Bob as a young puppy. It was the first day we had got him. Linda and I were all smiles in that picture. It was taken well before things went to shit and she divorced me. Anna clearly didn't like the picture. She turned it so it was facing down on the table. I gathered that she wasn't a fan of Linda. That was okay, neither was I.

Anna sat on the bed and laid back. Her head turned to the side and smelled my scent on my bed linens. Her hand went straight into her shorts, touching herself for a minute, just enjoying her surroundings. Then she stripped her shorts off, spreading her legs more, and slipped her fingers inside. I wondered if she was thinking of the previous night, when I'd basically commanded her to bring herself to two powerful orgasms.

This was a little different. Not just the change in location. But I could tell it was taking Anna a little longer to really get going. Then I realized the difference tonight and the last few nights. Before, Anna knew I was at my window, watching, and that turned her on. Last night, I not only was watching, but actively guiding. Tonight, it was almost frustrating for her, as she had no idea I was watching.

I decided to text her. Nothing obvious, but maybe something subtle to help her along. 'I didn't see you leave. Are you still in the house? Upstairs?'

I heard her phone ding through the camera's microphone, and she picked it up when she saw it was from me. She immediately texted back. 'Yeah, just looking.'

'Are you in my room right now?' I sent her.

She looked around, curious if there was a camera, but she couldn't see it. 'Maybe,' she responded.

'I bet you're on my bed, doing something naughty?'

The camera resolution was good enough to see her blush. 'Don't you wish you were here to see?'

'I do wish that. Bet you wish it too.'

'Oh yes. Last night was so damn hot.'

'Pretend I'm there in the room, standing by the closet.' I purposefully misdirected her attention there, so she didn't see the camera on the dresser. 'Take off your clothes. I want to picture you naked on my bed.'

She was already bottomless, but then she stripped off her top too. I sent her another message. 'Send me a pic of your body in my room.' She took a picture, and a few seconds later I got a picture from her point of view, looking down on her naked body, with my room in the background.

'Good girl. Touch yourself. Pretend I'm there to watch you.' Her left hand still holding her phone, I watched her right hand go back to her pussy, now with more gusto, more excitement. She was much more turned on now. 'Put your fingers inside, and pretend they're mine. Pretend it's me getting you off.' The camera now showed her frigging herself with a passion, and I heard her gasping and moaning.

One last message, 'I want you to cum on my bed. Make it wet with your juices. Make my bed smell like you.' That was enough to set her off, and she climaxed. She squealed loudly and clenched her legs together around her hand. I saw a nice wet spot on the bedspread just below her glistening peach.

I waited a minute for her to relax, before sending her: 'Did you cum?'

She texted back, 'Yes I did. Your bed is wet from me.'

'Good girl. I can't wait to smell you when I get home.'

Anna put her clothes back on, and before she left the house, texted me one more time. 'Thanks for the fantasy. Goodnight.'

I wasn't blind to what I was doing. At first, I had resisted Anna's flirtations. When it became obvious that I couldn't resist, I was going with the flow. I still had not touched her, but I was assisting with her fantasies. Maybe she had some 'daddy issues', with her apparent attraction to an older man. I tried to think of myself as helping her, rather than taking advantage. I still considered her off-limits to fuck, but I didn't mind the show while it lasted.

*****

I spent Monday at my client's offices in Phoenix. They were very happy with my work, and they took me to a very nice lunch. The boss talked about his family, very proud of his son and daughter, 23 and 19 respectively. He asked if I had any kids, which I honestly said no, that the closest thing that I had to a child was my loyal bulldog Bob.

That afternoon, I got another call from Linda. "What do you want?" I asked, not even saying hi.

"Grant, I'm coming over. I want to see Bob tonight," she said, very adamantly.

"Linda, I'm not even home right now. Can we talk about this some other time?"

"What do you mean, some other time?"

"Linda, I'm out of town for work, and I'm very busy." It was only 4:00 where I was, which meant it was 6:00 back home. I still had some work to do, but Linda was clearly off for the day.

"Good, so you don't mind if I go visit Bob right now."

"No, Linda, don't go in my house."

"Bye, Grant." She hung up.

DAMMIT! I swore internally. I huffed and tried to think of what to do, but the solution was thankfully easy. I immediately called Anna. She answered, "Hi Grant!"

"Anna, get over to my house right now. It's an emergency."

"What? What emergency?"

"My ex is going to try to steal Bob. Go get him and hide him at your house."

"I'm on it," she said, very dutifully. "Call you back in a minute." She hung up.

I pulled out my tablet and pulled up my camera feeds. Anna entered the back door, into the kitchen, and called for Bob. He came running right away. She got him on his leash, and got him outside.

Anna had just closed the back door when I saw Linda come in the front. I kicked myself for not changing the locks when she left. Linda called for Bob, looked around the furniture, under the tables, and found nothing. I saw her look in the kitchen too, then she went upstairs and looked there too. No Bob.

My phone rang, with Anna's call. "I got him," she told me.

"That was close," I told her. "You got out just before Linda came in. I don't think she saw you."

"I know how much you hate that bitch, Grant. I'd never let her have Bob."

I was relieved, and felt relaxed as I saw Linda leave my house. "Thank you so much, Anna. I owe you a huge, huge favor."

"Sounds good," she said. I could hear the smile emanating from her face. "I'll hold you to that. Goodnight." She hung up.

About two seconds later, Linda called. "Where's Bob, Grant?" Her voice was showing her frustration.

I played dumb. "What do you mean? He's not in the house? Maybe you didn't look hard enough."

"Very funny. Did you take him to a dog kennel or something?"

"I don't need to tell you anything, except that I'll be changing my locks when I get home. Bye, Linda." I was happy to have gotten the upper hand on her for once. Not only had Linda not gotten Bob, but thanks to my cameras, I had evidence that Linda had entered my home without permission. I could use that later.

I thought about what I'd have to do to make up for Anna's help. I'd buy her a car, but I couldn't afford it. Maybe I could contribute to Olivia's savings to help the car fund. But I had a feeling that Anna wanted something quite different.

*****

Anna had explained to her mother about Linda's intrusion. I also talked to her on the phone about the situation. Olivia agreed that Bob could stay in their house until I returned home. I thanked them both profusely. I also spoke to my boss, saying no more work trips for a little while, until I resolved things with my ex-wife. He frowned only a little, but agreed to give me some time.

I got back home around 11:30 on Tuesday night. It was late, but I saw their lights were still on, so I knocked on Olivia's door. She answered, with Anna and Bob both close behind. I knelt down and hugged Bob to me. I had really worried that Linda would get him. Bob was my closest friend. Some days, he was the only thing that kept me sane. Losing him would be my ruin.

I stood up and hugged both women, one in each arm. "Thank you both again. I don't know what I'd do without Bob. I'm glad I have good neighbors like you two."

Olivia patted my shoulder, and told me, "I'm glad we can help. Now, Anna, off to bed."

"Aww, mom." Anna protested. "Can't I hang out with Grant and Bob?"

"Now, young lady. It's late."

I chimed in. "It is late, and I'm exhausted from my trip. Maybe tomorrow evening, I'll make dinner or something," I told them both.

Olivia nodded. "That sounds fine. Have a good night, Grant. Bye, Bob." Anna smiled behind her mother.

Bob trotted behind me, following me closely back to my house. I counted my blessings. I had a nice house, a terrific dog, a good friend in Olivia, and a friendship with interesting benefits with Anna. And soon, I'd get my revenge on my bitch ex-wife, once and for all.

*****

That Wednesday, I took a half-day from work and spoke to an attorney. I hadn't needed one before, as I was decent enough with my finances and documentation that I could fend off any of Linda's lawyer's attacks. But now I was going on the offensive, so I could use the help. My attorney's name was Melody Meyer, a pretty blonde woman. I'd be attracted to her if she wasn't already married. As she and I got to know each other, she pointed to a picture of her husband Tom on the nearby window sill.

Melody was very interested in my camera footage of Linda rummaging through my house like a burglar. I also provided her with documentation of my trip out of town, and my phone call logs for when I told her not to come over.

"So where was Bob anyway?" Melody asked.

"My neighbor Anna was dog-sitting him for me. When Linda called, I called her and asked her to hide Bob."

"You just said that Bob only listens to you."

I reconsidered what I said. "Not really, more like he doesn't listen to Linda. He tends to bond with people, I guess. He listens to Anna because he likes her. He even listens to Anna's mom Olivia somewhat. But Linda never liked Bob, and never bonded with him, so Bob ignores her."

Melody nodded. "Maybe we can use that."

By the end of our meeting, Melody had written up documents to get a restraining order against Linda. If it was approved by a judge, Linda wouldn't be able to enter the cul-de-sac neighborhood, let alone my house. Furthermore, Melody was going to instruct that any communications from Linda or her sleazy lawyer should go though her. Linda would not be able to call me directly any more. I shook Melody's hand warmly as I left, thanking her for her help.

*****

Between my pre-occupations with Bob, work, and my ex-wife, I had not watched Anna for a few days. The weather had been cloudy and somewhat rainy, so I also hadn't seen her outside very much. The next nice sunny day was Sunday. I planned to mow the lawn and take care of my garden.

When I went to my back yard, Anna was laying out again, waiting for me. She was wearing that skimpy blue bikini she'd texted me pictures of, about a week ago. My jaw dropped when I saw it. The picture hadn't done justice to the amount of skin it was showing. It provided a little push to her A-cup breasts, displaying some delicious cleavage. Her bottoms were like a small triangle, held together by knotted strings at both hips. Her long legs met at a tiny strip of fabric that ran in between.

She smiled as I stared at her. "See something you like?"

I slowly nodded. "Your mom's not home?"

"She got called into work," Anna said, rising to her feet. She walked closer to me. "I've been thinking about that huge favor you owe me," she said. When she got close enough, she put her hands on my shoulders.

"Ah, about that," I stammered. "I was thinking about contributing to your car fund."

Anna tilted her head to the side. "That would be really nice," she said. "But I was thinking of something else." She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me close. I felt her body heat through my clothes.

"What did you have in mind?" I said, half curious and half playing along.

"Tonight, watch me again. It's so much hotter when you're watching," she whispered into my ear. "And this time, open your blinds so I can watch you too."

"I can't," I explained. "Remember, if your mom sees me, she'll kill us both."

"She's on nights this week, starting tonight. She won't be home." Anna released me from her hug. "It's just you and me, Grant. Think about it."

Then she slinked back into her house, walking intentionally slowly, letting me ogle her cute teen ass. When she was gone, I had to shake my head to clear it. Why did I come outside again? Oh yeah, yard work...

*****

That night, true to Anna's word, Olivia was at work. She didn't get night shifts often, but I knew from our previous talks that they were usually 9:00 PM to 6:00 AM. So she'd be gone all night.

After I'd taken Bob out for the last time that night, I prepared myself for the performance. I dressed down into a t-shirt and boxers, and went to the window. As usual, Anna's blinds were open, lights were on. She sat on her bed in a small white tanktop and pink panties. It looked like she was waiting. She just sat there.

I texted her, 'Is it showtime?'

She texted back, 'Not until you open your blinds. I want to see you.'

So that was her game. No more voyeur shows until I reciprocated. I suppose it had been a very one-sided arrangement. She had told me it was more fun when she knew I was watching, but I'm sure she'd get along just fine without me if I decided not to cooperate.

I waited too long to decide, and she called me. "Are we doing this or not?" she asked. "You heard me the other night. I want to hear you tonight. And see you."

It was too tempting an offer. I said, "Okay," and I opened the blinds.

She saw me and smiled. "Hi," she said through the phone. "Nice undies."

"Yours too," I told her, "But I think I prefer you without them."

She grinned. "We'll get there. Take off your shirt."

I did. My chest isn't extremely hairy like some guys, but there's enough there. One of my ex-girlfriends, before Linda, liked to run her hands through it. "Now you," I told her.

Anna stripped off her top and tossed it aside. I loved the sight of her perfect little nipples, standing out from her small breasts. "You like these?" she asked, wiggling her chest at me.

"I do." My erection grew and started pushing outwards at the material of my shorts.

"They're not too small?" There was that hint of insecurity, but I was feeding into making her feel better about herself, which made her obsess about me all the more.

"They're perfect on you. I like your new bikini, but I like this view more."

She smiled. "I'm glad. I wish we didn't have other neighbors around, maybe I'd sunbathe topless for you." She rubbed her nipples while looking at me. "Maybe I'll find a topless beach when Mom and I go on vacation."

"If you do, send me pictures."

"We'll see." She hooked her fingers into her panties. "Want to see more?"

"You know I do."

"Well so do I." She wiggled her fingers on her panty hem, waiting for me to act.

I moved my hand to my boxers. "You want to see me?"

"Yes, baby. Show me that cock."

I slipped my underwear down, and so did she. She was still clean-shaven, and despite the distance, I could still see the glisten of her slit.

She stared at my erection, bobbing up and down. "Oh wow," she said. "You're bigger than I thought." Her hand subconsciously went between her legs and began to rub slowly.

I wondered if that was hyperbole just to make me feel good, or if she really meant it. I'm not huge, but I've never gotten complaints before. Even the rude bitch Linda enjoyed herself on the rare occasion that we had sex.

"Anna," I asked, "Have you ever had a cock inside you?"

She shook her head, "No, never. I've touched one before, at a party, but never in me." She continued rubbing her slit up and down with her fingers. "I might have let him, but he came in like thirty seconds."

"Aha, some little teenage boy can't hold his load. I can't blame him, I guess. With your body, I bet you weren't making it easy for him." I took my dick in my hand and stroked it, just once for her to see.

That made her start rubbing herself a little faster. "Yes, that's why I don't want some little boy's cock. I need a man's cock. I need a big fat cock in me."

I stroked mine very slowly, enjoying the moment. "Open your legs wider for me," I told her, and she obeyed, showing me all of her most sacred place. "I bet you've never had your pussy licked either."

She slipped her two fingers inside her. "No, never!" she moaned.

"What a shame. A pussy like yours needs to be tasted on a regular basis."

"Yes, I need it. I need a man to lick me!" she cried out. She was getting much farther ahead than I was, but that was perfectly fine with me.

"You need an experienced man taste you. To lick you. To tease you. To make you squirm with his mouth."

Anna's fingers were working in a fury now, as she screamed, "Yes, yes I need it! AHHHHH!" She climaxed, closing her eyes, and closing her legs around her hand. I saw a fine sheen of sweat on her forehead. I kept my slow rhythm on myself, but I was getting closer to my edge just by watching her. She rolled to her side, away from her phone, but I could still hear her saying, "OHHHH, OHH, yes, fuck yes."

I waited for her to come down. She looked up and saw me still watching, my dick in my hand. "Okay, now it's your turn," she said. "I want to see you."

"It's not nearly as exciting as watching you, I promise."

"I still want to see." She laid back into her previous position, legs spread wide, fingers teasing her clit. "I want you to cum for me."

I started increasing my slow rhythm. "I want you to cum again, too."

She nodded. "At the same time." She stared at my dick, now throbbing in my hand, its purple head getting extremely sensitive after minutes of teasing.

"I'm getting close," I admitted.

She reached over to her table and grabbed her vibrator, and pressed it to her clit. "Together," she reminded me. I was jerking off with earnest now, watching her get rapidly closer to her second. I watched her body start to react. Then she looked directly at me and said, "Do it on the window. I want to see it."

It would be a mess to clean up later, but I nodded. It was too hot and heavy right now to say no. I got myself there, and grunted out, "Cumming!" Then I shot load after load onto the glass of the window. I aimed it kinda high so we could watch it slide down in white smears.

Anna came right after I did, screaming, "Yes, YES, YESSSS! FUCK!" Her body's muscles clenched up hard, and it seemed like it was a bigger one that the first.

"Did you like that?" I asked.

"Oh, oh wow, that's so much," she said, then started to laugh. "It's like everywhere."

"Yeah," I agreed. I picked up the nearby towel and wiped most of it from the glass. It left white streaks on the glass, which made Anna laugh more. "I'll clean up the rest tomorrow morning," I said.

"Yeah, that's a good idea." She smiled a nice post-orgasmic smile. "This was so hot."

"Yeah. You really get me going. But now I'm going to hit the bed."

"Me too. Goodnight, my sexy man."

"Goodnight, my hot little girl."

*****

Later that week, I got a call from Melody, my new attorney. "Grant, I just got a summons for you. Your ex is taking you to court again."

I shook my head. "Pardon my language, but you've got to be fucking kidding me."

"I wish I was. She wants the custody of your dog, or more money. Monday morning at 10."

I looked at my schedule. "I can make that work. Are we ready with the other stuff?"

"You bet. Let's do it."

*****

Monday morning, I arrived at the court at 9:45. I met Melody just inside. "Is that him?" she asked, looking out the window.

"Yup."

"Okay."

We walked into the courtroom at the appointed time. Linda and her sleazeball were already seated. The judge was a new one, a woman I hadn't seen before, but Melody assured me she'd practiced law in front of her before, and knew how she worked.

We let Linda's lawyer do all the talking at first. The judge listened intently. Normally I'd have my fists clenched during this part, but today I sat and waited patiently. When he finished, the judge asked Melody for her argument.

"Your honor, I'd like to point your attention to the multiple previous attempts by Ms. Stevens to get additional funds from my client, Mr. Fuller. If you don't have those records handy, I have a copy here," she said, holding up a folder. "In the course of a year, Ms. Stevens has attempted to increase her alimony 5 times, including today. The first attempt was successful, so why not try more?"

She continued, "Furthermore, at no point has Ms. Stevens ever mentioned the desire to see the dog, Bob. If she had expressed this very early on, that would be worth considering. But this late in the conflict, this request indicates that Ms. Stevens is only interested in using the dog as a bargaining chip."

I looked over at Linda. She didn't look happy, which made me smile.

"Your honor, I would also like to submit that, a few weeks ago, Ms. Stevens entered the home of Mr. Fuller without his permission, while he was out of town, in an attempt to kidnap the dog."

Linda's lawyer objected loudly, starting a ruckus of noise in the courtroom. I got the impression that it was news to the lawyer. Linda hadn't shared that with him before now. When the judge got everyone settled down, she asked for evidence of this. Melody showed the evidence of the late night phone call before, the video I'd assembled of Linda in my house with the appropriate timestamps, and the record of the phone call afterwards when she couldn't find Bob. Linda's lawyer's face was beet-red, thoroughly embarrassed by his client.

The judge found it fairly compelling, but was still not convinced. "Mr. Fuller, you believe that this is just a ploy to get more money from you?"

"Yes, your honor. I can't see why she'd want Bob, since he never listened to her anyway. And I can prove it, if you'll allow me."

The judge was surprised. "Really? I'd like to see that."

Melody and I shared a smile. "We'd like to ask for a 10 minute recess, your honor."

*****

After the recess, we gathered back in the courtroom. Melody addressed the judge. "Your honor, I'd like to call Bob Fuller to testify."

Linda and her lawyer looked both looked extremely confused, until they saw Bob trotting down the aisle from the back of the room. His big tongue hung lazily from his happy mouth. He practically pulled Anna, who was holding the other end of his leash. Olivia followed closely behind. The two of them had kept him company outside in preparation for this moment.

"Objection!" said the sleazeball. "A dog can't testify!" This objection wasn't as loud as earlier. I got the feeling he already knew he'd been beaten.

"Your honor, if I may," interrupted Melody. "We intend to prove that Linda has no bonded connection with Bob, and he won't listen to her commands."

The judge considered it, and finally said, "I'll allow it, but I'm giving you a very short leash, no pun intended. You have five minutes; please don't waste my time."

I nodded at Anna, and she unbuckled the bulldog from his leash. I called to him from my side of the room. "Bob, come here." He trotted over. "Sit." He did. He looked up at me, waiting for his next direction.

Linda stood across the room. "Bob!" she called. "Come here Bob! Come here good boy!"

Bob ignored her.

She tried calling louder. "Come on Bob! Come to momma!"

Bob looked at her and didn't move. He looked back at me and bumped my shin with his head. It was as if he was saying 'Can you believe this lady?' I laughed. It made Linda angry.

"Your honor," her lawyer argued, "this only proves that the dog only listens to Mr. Fuller, not that he doesn't listen to my client."

"I'm inclined to agree," said the judge. I got nervous. I hadn't anticipated that argument. I looked to Melody, and she looked back, also not sure of what to do.

"Bob! Come here, Bob!" Anna called out in the moment of our silence. Bob's ears perked up and he trotted over to my neighbor obediently. Anna knelt down and rubbed his head.

"Who is that?" asked Linda.

I happily answered, "Those are my neighbors, Anna Tenner and her mother Olivia. Anna's been dog-sitting for me when I've been out of town." I looked directly at Linda. "Bob lived with you for years, and he won't listen to you. Anna's lived next door for only six months, and yet he bonded with her and now he follows her around with no problem."

Linda was fuming. "This is ridiculous," she yelled, "Bob needs to come with me right now!" She stomped over towards Bob and my two blonde neighbors. I suddenly saw something I hadn't seen before. In Bob's eyes, Linda was suddenly a threat to his friends, and he turned and barked loudly, and growled ferociously. Linda jumped backwards in fear.

"Your honor," I quickly pointed out, "I've owned Bob for years and he never, EVER, barks at anyone unless he's threatened." The judge nodded solemnly, and the color ran from Linda's face. She knew I'd won.

Bob stared at Linda until Anna put him back on his leash and led him to the back of the room. Once there, she and Olivia both showed him love and he instantly calmed down.

The judge spoke up, "I've seen enough. The bulldog named Bob has no relationship with Ms. Stevens, so she will not get custody."

I gave a subtle fist pump in the air, but we weren't done yet. Melody spoke next. "Your honor, due to Ms. Stevens' inappropriate invasion of Mr. Fuller's home, her attempted kidnapping, and her constant badgering for more money, I'd like to file this restraining order against her and her attorney."

"WHAT?!?" I'm not sure who shouted louder, Linda or the sleazebag.

"Neither of them should attempt further contact with my client, nor should they come within 1000 feet of his home." Melody handed paperwork to the judge, who looked it over.

Linda's lawyer, to his credit, held Linda in her seat and kept her quiet. The judge read the documentation and nodded. "This restraining order is approved, effective immediately, for a period of two years. This session is now concluded. And, Mr. Fuller, please take your dog outside, before he takes a dump on my floor."

Bob was trained enough that he wouldn't do that, but I answered, "Yes, thank you, your honor." She left, and Linda ran out, leaving her lawyer behind.

He did come up to me and shake my hand. "I apologize, sir. I had no idea that she tried to kidnap Bob. You won't hear from me again. I told her I won't represent her anymore." I nodded my thanks. He seemed like a decent guy after all, and I felt a little embarrassed that I didn't remember his name.

Melody shook my hand and smiled at me. "That takes care of that," she told me. "Let me know if you need anything else."

"Of course," I responded, and watched her leave. That just left me, Anna, Olivia, and Bob.

"Thank you both so much," I told them, and hugged them both. "Lunch is on me."

*****

We found a nice outdoor restaurant nearby so we could eat with Bob nearby. I paid for everyone's lunch, including a plain burger with no bun for my best buddy Bob. I didn't normally give him human food like that, but hey, we were celebrating.

"I owe you big time," I told Anna. "I thought we were sunk until you called Bob and he came."

She shrugged. "I knew he would," she said. "He's a good boy." She patted his head. Bob, having finished his burger already, was keeping his eyes open for table scraps.

"I've talked to your mom, and I want to contribute to your car fund," I told her. Olivia nodded.

"Really?" Anna said. "Yes! I can't wait."

"We can't get you anything fancy, but we'll find something decent that will get you from A to B," Olivia said. "But, you need to find a job to pay for insurance."

"Sounds good!" Anna said excitedly. "Once I get the car, a job should be no problem." She cleaned up our empty dishes and took them inside.

"She's a good one, Olivia," I said.

"Yeah, I know. Hey, while I've got a moment with you," she said, "I was wondering if you'd want to have dinner sometime."

"With you and Anna? Anytime," I responded.

"No, I mean, with just me," Olivia said, blushing a little. "I know I'm a little older than you, but we seem to get along well. I guess I just wanted to get back into dating, and who better than with a trusted friend?"

It was kind of out of the blue. Olivia and I had become friends, but I had no idea that she thought I was attractive. I thought it over. I'd been watching her daughter masturbate for weeks at this point, and she'd even seen me do it. It was a secret attraction we'd been hiding from Olivia. Dating Olivia would make things awkward with Anna. But, it would be nice to get back into the dating world myself, and Olivia was basically an older version of Anna....

I must have been taking too long, because Olivia started to get nervous. "I'm sorry, maybe it was a bad idea," she started to say.

"No, it's not dumb," I told her. "I'd like to have dinner with you. Are you free Friday night?"

She looked relieved. "Yes, Friday night. It's a date," she said with a smile.

"What's a date?" came Anna's voice from behind us.

