Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


Chapter Six

	The next evening, Tony went to the movies with a couple of his friends-which left Jerry Walker alone in the house with his sexy teenaged daughter.

	He stood at the back door, a stiff drink in his hand, watching Kathy, who was in a lounge chair on the patio. It had been a brilliantly hot day and she was still wearing the sea-blue string bikini she had put on when she came home from school.

	Jerry took another large swallow of his drink and felt it go straight to his balls, hardening his cock. He shook his head, thinking how lovely Kathy was. The blue of her bikini matched the shade of her eyes, although he couldn't see her eyes just now, since she had them tightly closed. She looked as though she might be asleep.

	He took another mighty gulp of his drink as his eyes fastened on her huge tits, barely concealed by her skimpy bikini. He often dreamed about sucking those huge tits into his hungry mouth. And that little pussy! He could see a few wisps of curly pussy fur at the edges of the narrow bikini panties. Feeling his balls beginning to tighten painfully, he downed the rest of his drink with one long swallow.

	God, but he would love to fuck that little girl! His little girl! Somehow, it seemed only natural that he should make love to his own little girl whom he loved so very much. He was convinced that there was nothing wrong with that.

	If he had ever had any doubts, they had been banished forever after that long talk with June almost a year ago. She had told him then, in lurid detail, about the first time and all the many times since, that her father had fucked her. She had made it very clear that she had loved fucking her father from the very first and that she had secretly lusted after her father long before he ever got the courage to pop her cherry. In fact, she had told Jerry, she had pretty much gone after her father, determined to seduce him.

	Maybe that's what Kathy's doing with me,

	Jerry thought hotly, his eyes raking over his daughter's tempting body once again. No, he thought with a shake of his head, she's much too innocent. She's probably still a virgin and I'm sure she's never even thought of such a thing as me fucking her. He turned from the back door and walked slowly into the living room, where he poured himself another strong drink.

	No, he repeated to himself, the very idea of me fucking her would probably gag her. She's too pure. Too innocent. And even if she is horny for some cock, it wouldn't be for my cock. I'm too old for her. And, after all, I'm her father. To me, that makes it all the more exciting. But she would probably just be grossed out by the thought.

	Jerry downed his drink and poured himself another one. The alcohol, on an empty stomach, was making him feel light-headed. And very, very sexy. Turned on. For his sexy little daughter. He had even told his secretary just the other day that he had the hots for Kathy. Of course, he hadn't told her who it was he had the hots for. He had just said that there was a certain sexy little teenager he would love to fuck.

	But, of course, he had meant Kathy. It had always been Kathy. For years now he only wished he could do something about it. If only she wanted him as badly as he wanted her! But, of course, that was simply not possible, he thought, shaking his head again.

	Just then, the front doorbell rang. Cursing under his breath, Jerry walked toward the front door. He didn't feel like seeing or talking to anyone just now. But his car was right out in front, so whoever it was would know he was home.

	"Hi, Dan," he said as he opened the door to his twin brother. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad after all, he thought, as he ushered his brother into the living room. He was very fond of his brother and they had always been close. And Jerry knew his brother would understand if he simply told him he didn't feel like having company, not even him, just then.

	"What's going on, Jerry? You look terrible!" Dan exclaimed, seeing the haggard, worried look on his brother's face. It looked as though he hadn't slept for days.

	"What do you mean, Dan?" Jerry asked, trying to look like his old, cheerful self.

	"Oh, come on, Jerry! You really look awful! Is something bothering you? You look like you're worn out, man!"

	"Well, I guess I haven't been sleeping very well. Yeah, I have a couple of problems that have been bugging me," Jerry answered, pouring himself another drink after handing one to his brother.

	"Anything you feel like talking about, Jerry? I have a good ear, you know," Dan said kindly. He was genuinely concerned about his brother. It just wasn't like Jerry to let anything get him down.

	"Yeah, I know you do, Dan. Thanks," Jerry said with a smile. "But it's nothing I can really talk about."

	"Well, okay, guy, you know best," Dan said as he quickly downed his drink. He needed it. It had taken a lot of courage for him to come there today to talk to his brother about what was on his mind.

	"So why did you come over, Dan? Something special you wanted to see me about?" Jerry asked, as though reading his brother's mind.

	Dan took a deep breath. It was now or never. "Yeah, there is something I think you should know."

	"Well, what is it?" Jerry asked impatiently.

	"Look, before I begin," Dan said, looking around the room nervously. "Are we really alone? I mean this isn't anything I want the kids to hear. Especially Kathy."

	Jerry laughed. "Why all the mystery? Jeez, Dan, I dont think I've ever seen you like this! Look, Tony's gone and Kathy's out on the patio. I think she's asleep. And, even if she isn't, she can't hear us from there. Okay?"

	Jerry got up to pour himself another drink. He was just pouring the amber-colored liquid into his glass when his brother spoke again.

	"Okay, Jerry, here goes. There's really only one way to talk about something like this-and that's to get right into it! Look, dont toss me out on my ear or anything, but have you ever thought about fucking Kathy? I mean, do you ever think you might like to fuck her?"

	Jerry gasped and his hand shook so badly that he spilled the drink all over the carpet. Setting the decanter down carefully, he whirled to face his brother. My God, he thought, is Dan reading my mind these days? How could he have possibly known that that was the thought that was so obsessing Jerry these days?

	"Good God, Dan!" Jerry managed to gasp out. Dan, seeing the stricken look on his brother's face, misunderstood his reaction. He thought that Jerry was shocked and horned by the very idea of fucking his own daughter. He didn't know that the only shock Jerry felt was the shock that his brother could read his mind so well,

	"Hey, look, Jerry, dont get mad. Okay? Before we go any further about this, I should tell you something that will show you that the idea of fucking your kid isn't such a horrible thing after all," Dan said, pouring himself another drink.

	Jerry didn't answer. He couldn't. He just continued to stare at his brother, white-faced and shaken.

	Dan continued, encouraged by the fact that his brother hadn't thrown him out. "Okay, hang onto your seat belt 'cause this is what I want to tell you, Jerry. Your daughter, Kathy, wants you to fuck her!"

	Jerry sank down into the nearest chair and continued to stare at his brother. He could not believe his own ears! Had Dan actually said what be thought he had? Or had Jerry just been wanting to hear those words for so long that he had imagined them?

	Jerry cleared his throat, struggling to regain his composure. "What did you say, Dan?" he asked and he downed all the liquid in his glass, needing it more than ever now.

	"It's true, Jerry. She told me so herself. The kid's hornier than hell. For you. It's all she can think about."

	"She told you? When?" Jerry asked.

	Dan looked away uncomfortably. "Well, I might as well level with you. The other day, I came over. There was no one else home. And Kathy and I ... well, we fucked, Jerry.

	Jerry was stunned. "You fucked my daughter?" he asked in disbelief.

	"Hell, yes! I didn't exactly have to force her, you know. She wanted cock bad! And it was great! Your kid's a great fuck. You're not mad or anything, are you, Jerry?"

	"Mad? No. Just startled. I thought Kathy was probably still a virgin," Jerry said, feeling lewd desire sweep over his body at the idea that Kathy was no longer a virgin and that she had fucked her uncle!

	Dan laughed. "Hell, no! Kathy a virgin? Far from it. Actually, she was a virgin until just a few days ago. But the reason I'm laughing is because she's taken to fucking like a duck to water! She's fucking these days like she invented it!"

	"You plucked her cherry?" Jerry asked, feeling his cock hardening more and more.

	"No, man! I was a few hours too late." He laughed. "Your son, Tony, got to the forbidden fruit before I could!"

	"Tony? Her brother? He fucked her? He got her cherry?!" Jerry was really shocked now.

	"Yeah, that son of yours is really something!"

	Dan looked at his brother closely. He couldn't quite make out the expression he saw on Jerry's face. He wondered if he had gone too far. Maybe his brother was really shocked by Dan's revelations about Kathy.

	"Hey, Jerry, have I gone too far? Are you angry?"

	Jerry chuckled. "No, I'm not angry. But I am jealous!"

	"Jealous? You mean ..." Dan's voice trailed off as he noticed, for the first time, the hardening cock-bulge between his brother's legs. Then he laughed loud and long. "Oho! So you do want to fuck Kathy?"

	Jerry smiled, looking young and handsome again, as though years of worry and torment had been wiped from his face in a matter of seconds. "You got it! It's all I've been thinking about lately. God, Dan, she's such a sexy little piece of ass!"

	"Tell me about it! And, like I told you, she's a great fuck!"

	"I've wanted to fuck her for so long but, all this time, I was sure she wouldn't be interested in her father fucking her!"

	"You kidding? Like I told you, Jerry, she told me herself that to have you fuck her would be the fulfillment of her horny dreams!"

	Jerry smiled. "I guess I've been worrying for nothing!"

	"You mean that's the problem you mentioned when I first came in? That's what you've been worrying about?" Dan asked in disbelief.

	"Yeah," Jerry admitted.

	"Hey, you've got nothing to worry about. Just fuck her like you want to and you can be sure she'll love you for it!"

	"Believe me, I will. Now that I know it's what she wants, too, nothing could stop me from fucking my little girl! I can't wait!"

	Jerry got up to fix himself another drink. "Want another drink, Dan?"

	"Sure. Scotch and soda, like before."

	Jerry fixed a scotch and soda for his brother and poured himself a large glass of straight scotch. But, this time, he was drinking for a different reason: celebration! He was celebrating the happy news he had just received-that his daughter wanted him to fuck her, apparently just as much as he wanted to fuck her!

	The two brothers sat quietly for a few minutes, sipping their strong drinks, each lost in his own thoughts. Finally, Dan spoke.

	"So, Jerry, how are you going to go about it?" He asked.

	"You mean how will I make it happen? My fucking her?" Jerry asked, wondering what his brother wanted to get at. "Yeah, right."

	Jerry shrugged. "Guess I'll just watch for an opportunity and do it. I just hope I'll be able to fuck her soon. I dont know how much longer I can hold out!"

	They both laughed. "Jerry, I really dont think it will be all that simple."

	Jerry frowned. "What? I dont get it, Dan. What are you trying to tell me? I thought you said Kathy wants it just as much as I do!"

	"Hey, hey, take it easy! She does want to fuck you. But, from the way she was talking the other night, I just think she feels a little guilty about having such sexy thoughts about her own father, you know?"

	"That's dumb! There's nothing wrong with it. In fact, I think it's really beautiful!" Jerry protested.

	"You know that. And I know that. But, even though I tried to tell Kathy that, I'm not sure she's entirely convinced. And, if she's feeling guilty, it can only inhibit her. She probably won't think she should fuck you. And, if she does, it may not be as great as it would be if she felt completely comfortable about it," Dan explained.

	"Oh, swell," Jerry grumbled and quickly downed the rest of his drink.

	"Hey, dont get discouraged so quickly," Dan laughed. "I'm just pointing out something that could be a problem. But I have an idea about how you can get around that problem. And my idea would make it more fun, too!"

	Jerry looked at his brother, his face reflecting his intense -interest in what he had to say. "Well? What's your idea?"

	"Listen, Jerry," Dan began, leaning close to his brother, his face alive with excitement, "if you could just kind of, well-force her-then she wouldn't have to feel guilty!"

	"You mean I should rape her?" Jerry asked, shocked but excited by the idea.

	"Well, not exactly rape. I mean you can't rape someone who really wants to fuck. Right? But I meant that you could pretend to rape her. Just start to do it. Then she'll give in and she can tell herself that it's not her fault because she had no choice. Get it?"

	A big grin spread over Jerry's face. "I get it! And I like the idea! I wouldn't want to rape any chick who really doesn't want to be fucked. But, now that I know that Kathy does want me to fuck her, I have no problem whatever about starting to rape her and letting her give in."

	"Right! That's what you should do," Dan said, sitting back now, satisfied that his purpose in coming over had been taken care of.

	After Dan had left, Jerry sat alone in the living room, thinking hard about everything that he had just found out. He knew that his brother was right. The best way to fuck Kathy would be to "rape" her. After all, he reasoned, he would be doing her a favor by doing it that way. If she wanted him to fuck her that badly* but she was a little reluctant because she was afraid it might be wrong then he would be doing her a favor by forcing her to do it. That way, she would have only him to blame. And he knew that, once they started fucking, she wouldn't be in the mood to blame anybody!

	He wondered just how he should go about it. And then an idea came to him. Dan had told him that Tony had fucked Kathy, that he had virgin-fucked her. Okay, Jerry thought with a smile, I can pretend that I just found that out and that I'm mad about it!

	Putting his drink down on the table, Jerry walked to the back door. Kathy was in exactly the same position as when he had last looked at her. He watched her for a minute with a soft, tender smile on his face.

	Then he forced his face into a stern expression and called to her. "Kathy! I want to talk to you! Come in here at once! I'll be in my room!"

	
To Be Continued
