Wife As A Life Model
by steven1169©


I am an unashamed exhibitionist and voyeur. I have contrived many situations 
over the previous few years to either exhibit myself, my wife Jenny or to view 
naked women.

Nothing turns me on more than showing my nude wife to other men. We have been 
married since we were 21 and have 3 kids. I suppose we are a bit inexperienced. 
Sex is great but we both felt we'd missed out on something having married so early.

Jenny is mid 30,s, slim, dark hair with very small breasts and not really 
comfortable showing herself but she loves me and knows it turns me on.

I will describe some of the situations where she has appeared nude in front of others.

Life Modelling;

I rang a local college on her behalf and spoke to the art Dept. I gave her 
details and said that she would like to seek work as a life model.

A few days later she received a phone call from a teacher called Sean who wanted 
to meet her and talk over the post.

It was all very professional and a she went along during the day to meet the 
students and Sean. It was very embarrasing for her, this college is fairly close 
to our house and she recognised some of the students from the area.

I wanted her to undress in front of Sean in the privacy of his office but she couldn't.

They all got on well and she was pencilled in for a class with the 6th form (18 
year olds) the next week. She was very nervous but agreed to go ahead with it.

On the day she met Sean and I had asked her to say that this was the first time 
she had undressed and wasn't sure if she could do it.

Sean showed her to a small office and Jenny started to undress. Sean went to 
leave but she engaged him in conversation and he remained. She asked about the 
class and poses whilst she removed her jeans and t shirt. She stood in front of 
him in her bra and pants and made a real point of expressing her nervousness as 
she removed her bra. She remained facing him and slowly slid down her pants. She 
was shaven, completely bald and stood in front of a man she had just met. 

" what do you think?"

Sean, looked at her and said, "you look great."

She indicated towards her shaven pussy and said, " will it be ok me being shaven, I prefer it this way?"

Sean looked down and said, "its no problem"

She put on her gown and they walked a short distance along a corridor towards 
the life room. As they did so the rest of the college were making their way 
towards classes and literally hundreds of young people saw her in a skimpy dressing gown.

There were about 20 people in the class setting up easils etc. About 10 lads and 
10 girls. All aged about 18.

She was introduced to the class and looked around at them whilst she stood in 
the middle of the room in her gown. She recognised one boy who lives near our 
street, another who is the son of her friend (Emma) and a girl who works in the 
local store.

Alan, the son of her friend, looked as shocked as she did and nodded at her. She 
told me later that she was distraught knowing she was going to be nude in front 
of him. She was also very excited, her heart was beating to the max!

After a few minutes Sean asked her if she was ready. She was in a trance as she 
undone the gown and let it slip off her. She stood completely nude and shaven in 
front of a class of 20 people.

Sean explained that this was their first attempt at life drawing and told the 
class to put down their pencils whilst he explained about dimensions, the figure 
etc.

He told Jenny to stand facing the front with her legs shoulder width apart and 
hands on her hips. Her pointed out the fall of her breasts and proportions and 
he got her to turn every few minutes so that she faced every person in the room.

When she faced Alan she felt embarrassed as he smiled and looked her up and 
down, staring at her tiny tits and shaven pussy. What on earth would her friend 
say ... and her husband was a perv! He would love to see her like this!

Eventually the drawing started and she began to enjoy the experience. At break 
time she stepped off the posing stage and stood nude in the class. I had asked 
her to remain nude in the break and talk to the students if possible.

Sean went to get her a coffee and most students left the room to go to a 
canteen. Jenny walked around the easils admiring their work. Alan waled over to 
her with a big grin on his face. He had got over the shock of seeing his Mothers 
friend nude! They spoke about the class and he asked about her modelling 
experience which was nil. She said, " I ought to put my gown on" and he said, 
"no, we've all seen you now so there's no point"

The rest of the class filed out of the door leaving just Jenny and Alan. The 
door had been left open and passers by were able to look in at her. She said, 
"everyone in the college is looking in, I will put on my gown" 

Alan said, "no, I'll shut the door"

The two of them stood in the room alone and Jenny said, "I'm so embarrassed you 
seeing me"

Alan said that it was no problem and she had a great figure. Jenny laughed and 
pointed towards her tits, " they're so small and my bum is too big"

Alan laughed and said she looked great whilst taking the opportunity to look at 
her nude body.

She said, " ... and I would not have shaved down there if I'd known that I would 
know people here!"

He then said, " I've never seen a shaven one before" and they both laughed.

Jenny said, "please don't tell your Mum about this, it'll be our little secret!"

He thought for a minute and said "yeah, sure." But she could tell that there was 
something else going through his mind.

At that the door opened and a group of three boys entered laughing and drinking 
soft drinks. They were friends of Alans and they stopped in their tracks as they 
looked at jenny.

They apologised and went to leave but Jenny said it was fine and slowly put her 
gown on, she faced them and made sure they could all see her.

The rest of the class went fine and she left exhilerated and embarrassed but 
really turned on. She recounted these events to me later that night and we 
fucked as she told me how Alan had looked at her shaven pussy.

I got her to show me the poses that she had adopted and she stood in front of me 
nude and recounted how Alan had looked at her.

Jenny was a hit and they booked her again for the following week.

Her friend Emma obviously didn't know her little secret and Alan had been good 
to his word.

The night bgefore the next session Jenny was nervous as hell but shaved again 
and told me she would go through with it.

I was jealous and wanted to be there so we hatched a plan.

I dropped her off at the college and went in to meet Sean. I was surprised, he 
was only about mid 20's and quite fit. She hadn't really told me about Sean. I 
spoke to him whilst she went away to get changed. I asked him how she was doing 
as a model and he said fine. 

I said, "she's worried about her bum being too big and her boobs too small" and 
he told me that they wanted a variety of shaped models and that she looked great.

It was odd discussing my wife's body with a stranger who had seen her nude. I 
said I'd be back to pick her up at the end and he said that was fine. My plan 
was to get there before the end and watch the class for a while.

She reappeared in her gown and they went off to the life room. I went home for 
an hour feeling as horny as fuck imagining her nude in front of Sean.

The class went as planned and the time came for a break.

Sean went to the staff room and invited Jenny for a coffee but she said she'd 
join him in a while.

The rest of the class left leaving just her and Alan. She wandered around the 
room looking at the drawings in the nude. Jenny thanked Alan for being discreet.

He said, " no problem" and asked her if she enjoyed being nude? He had got more 
confident and direct sincce the previous week.

She told him that she was comfortable being nude but wouldn't poses in any 
position that would expose her too much. He asked what she meant and she said, 
"you know .. legs open and that" and she blushed.

He told her that some poses were more 'relaxed' than others and where would she 
draw the line.

She told hm she wasn't sure until it came to it because that was all so new to her.

He said ," what if I asked you to stand and put your foot up on the stool?"

She did so and faced him conscious that her pussy lips were displayed. She said 
that it was fine.

He then got her to sit astride the stool and put her feet out at an angle. She 
knew that he was looking at her and he asked how far she would open her legs 
before she felt that it was no longer art. She moved her legs apart until they 
were wide open. He had a perfect view of her!

She remained like this for a minute as they discussed poses and then she put on 
her gown.

The class restarted and about 20 minutes before the end I knocked on the door 
and walked in. Sean waved at me and I took a seat at the rear of the room.

Jenny was stood on a small stage slightly elevated, facing me and about 5 lads. 
Her hands were on her head and she had her feet about 2 feet apart. Sean was 
directly in front of her giving advice to a student. At one point he approached 
Jenny and pointed towards her tits and belly and told the student to look at the 
rise and fall of her breasts and torso!

It was a real turn on.

At the end of the class the group quickly left the room. Jenny remained nude 
looking at the drawings and talking to some of the students as they packed up. I 
had asked her to talk to Alan when I was there and she did so for about 5 
minutes.

He left and I spoke to Sean. I told him that I was surprised at the full frontal 
nudity and made out that I thought it was more discreet with robes and drapes.

He assured me that it was all very professional but full frontal nudity was required. 

Jenny was still naked and she used Alan's lines from earlier about poses and 
feeling comfortable. 

I wasn't aware at this time of the earlier incident with Alan and wondered where 
she was going with it.

She said, "at one point does it stop being art and become porn?"

Sean started to answer but she said that another teacher had asked her to sit in 
a very exposed position and she wondered whether this was ethical. (It was all 
amde up of course!)

She then said, "I'll show you what he asked me to do and you can tell me if its art?"

At this she lay on a matrress in the room and brought her knees up to her waist. 
she then allowed them to drop to the side leaving her legs wide open. Her bare 
pussy was gaping open and glistening! Sean looked down and said that it was not 
appropiate for a class of students but could be considered as erotic art in a 
private class. All the time Jenny lay in front of him completely exposed. She 
said, " I feel even more exposed as I am shaved" and again this drew Seans 
attention to her pussy. Hew as embarrassed... probably because I was tehre and 
he left whilst she dressed.

I couldn't believe it and wanted to fuck her there and then!

We then headed home and talked over the day as we fucked and fucked!



Wife As A Life Model Ch. 02
by steven1169©


(this is the second part of the story giving details of my wife Jenny's first 
experiences as a life model. Thanks for the positive comments. Most of this 
story is actually true....)

Jenny had enjoyed her first experiences as a life model at the local college and 
it had certainly had a positive effect on our sex life. We would go through the 
various scenarios that we had enjoyed and re-create the poses in the privacy of 
our bedroom before having great sex.

The horniest part for me was allowing other men to see her nude and although we 
were never into swapping or having sex with others (at that time anyway!) it 
turned me on that she had recognised the son of one of her friends in the class.

I think that these experiences added greatly to our sex life.

This is Jenny's account of the situation;

we had been married for 15 years and had 3 wonderful kids. We'd married young at 
21 so we were both quite naive.

As time went on we knew that we needed a spark to light up our sex life again 
and one night during sex I asked Steve what turned him on. 

Eventually he mentioned artist modelling, thinking he would be the model I said, 


"hey, no problem go for it!" 

I was surprised when he said that he wanted me to do it!

I'd always kept myself fit and trim and worked out. I was naturally slim and 
comfortable with my body except my small breasts. 

But I'd never done anything like that before.

I gave the matter some thought and some of our conversations often turned to 
role plays prior to sex and they would always involve life modelling scenarios.

After months and months it was apparant that Steve wanted me to do it. I'd 
thought it was a fantasy but he kept on and on for me to do it.

Eventually I gave in and said yes. 

I must add that it was gainst my better judgement and I still thought it was a 
fantasy that would never happen.

I was too nervous to arrange it myself and so he offered to sort it out. He took 
the lead by calling our local art college.

Thinking back now this was a stupid thing to do but it never really occured to 
me that I'd know anyone there and I still didn't think it would happen.

I'd nearly forgotten about it when Steve told me that I had an appoinment the 
next day with an art tutor at the college.

I nearly killed him and we had tears and tantrums. I did not want to do it but 
he went on and on and eventually I agreed. 

He had a way of making me do things which I didn't want to do. Controlling me 
pehaps?

That night I didn't sleep and he was very attentive and sheepish after I'd 
agreed to do it. He wanted me to meet the tutor 'Sean' and contrive a situation 
so that I could undress in front of him. I said I would see how it went.. 
actually I had no intention of doing so.

The next day I dressed and put on my make up and found myself at the college art 
dept at the appointed time.

Sean met me outside the staff room and was very professional and polite.

He led me through to a private room where we could discuss the post.

"please sit down Jenny and tell me about your experience as a life model"

"actually its none!" I replied.

He asked what had made me apply and I said that I need a bit of extra cash. I 
couldn't tell him that my husband wanted to show me nude to others!

Sean was happy with me and I was comfortable with the set up, it was all very 
professional.

I was scheduled to pose for a class of 6th form students the next week.

My heart was racing as I left the office. I recognised a couple of students but 
our kids were much younger and the chances of seeing anyone I knew was slim so I 
agreed to go ahead with it. 

Sean had been charming and the whole thing was sold to me as a professional 
occupation. 

I might even enjoy I thought as I left the college.

That night Steve wanted all the details. He was disapointed that I hadn't faked 
an oppportunity to undress in front of Sean and made me feel hopeless for not 
doing so. He made me promise to do so the next week when I started at the 
college.

I was becoming more and more nervous as the week progressed. The night before 
the modelling Steve followed me upstairs as I headed for the shower. Somehow he 
convinced me that life models were usually shaven. He told me in such a way that 
I ended up agreeing with him and I shaved my pussy. I was often shaved but only 
for Steve.

I came out of the shower and Steve led me to the bedroom. He stared at me and 
made me take up poses facing him. We ended up making love and we were both 
turned on. 

The only thing was that the fantasy was about to become reality and the next 
morning I was anything but turned on. I was a nervous wreck.

I got up feelink like a nervous wreck/ My hands were shaking and I couldn't think straight.

Steve kissed me goodbye and went to work. The kids were packed off to school and 
I dressed in my jeans, t shirt and a nice matching bra and knickers set.

I arrived at the colllege at about 9am and made my way to the staff room to meet 
Sean. He led me down a corridor to the empty office next to the studio, all the 
time I felt that students and staff knew who I was and what I was doing and that 
they were staring at me.

It probably wasn't like that at all but I was a nervous wreck. 

My heart was beating so fast and I stuttered as I spoke with Sean about everyday 
issues like traffic and the weather. All the time I was aware that I was going 
to be shown nude to numerous students and Sean who was very relaxed and managed 
to calm me down.

Sean showed me into the changing room and went to leave.

I remembered my promise to Steve and said, 

"Sean, I know this sounds pathetic at this late stage but I've never done this 
type of thing before and I'm not sure I can do it"

Meanwhile he had shut the door as I started to undo my jeans.

He said, "its fine and if you can't do it we'll do some costume work"

This was a serious get out opportunity but I knew that I'd come this far and how 
strong Steve felt about me doing it so I thought 'no, I'll do it.'

I said, "what sort of poses will you require?"

He started talking and at the same time I thought 'fuck it' and went for it.

I took off my shoes, undid my jeans and slipped them down my legs and quickly 
took them off. Almost at the same time I took my t shirt off over my head. I 
stood in front of him wearing only my white plain bra and knickers. 

His conversation paused as he looked at me and I knew that it was now or never. 
I undid my bra and let it fall and just as quick I lowered my knickers. I'd like 
to say that it was a seductive strip tease but it wasn't. I was naked in about 2 
seconds!

I stood facing him and although he attempted to give an air of professionalism I 
saw him looking at me. I stood coy and nude with my hands beside me.

I had never really given Sean much thought but I looked at him and realised he 
was good looking and probably 5 years younger then me. He suddenly had an 
appealing look about him and the atmosphere had suddenly become sexual.

I was so embarrased but it was a real buzz. I felt so vulnerable and yet so in control. 

I said, " what do you think?"

Sean, looked at me and said, "you look great."

This was incredible. It was a massive buzz and turn on but the most humiliating 
moment in my life!

Later I would tell steve that I asked Sean if he was comfortable with my shaven 
pussy but in all truth there was no need. He had seen me and it didn't need to be said.

I put on my gown and we walked a short distance along a corridor towards the 
life room. As we did so the rest of the college were making their way towards 
classes and literally hundreds of young people saw me in a skimpy dressing gown.

This time they all knew what was happening! Some were sniggering!

My heart was beating and I couldn't breath as I followed him into the life room.

It was already full and I saw that there were about 20 people in the class 
setting up easils etc. 

About 10 lads and 10 girls. All aged about 18.

Sean introduced me to the class and I looked around at them whilst I stood in 
the middle of the room in my gown. 

To my absolute horror I recognised some of the students.

I saw a boy who lives near our street and a girl who works in the local store.

Then it got a whole lot worse. I saw my friend Emma's son, 'Alan'

I had known him since he was a baby and although not great friends, our families 
had got together at BBQs and various other parties.

Her husband was a pervert, always talking about sex and trying to grab a feel 
when I was drunk.

This was the worst moment in my life, the only good thing was that Alan looked 
as shocked as I did.

I went to speak to Sean and to tell him that I couldn't do it. I was nervous 
before but now I was a wreck.

Before I could say anything he said,

"Ok then Jenny, please take off the robe"

The whole room had heard him and were looking at me. I couldn't back out now so 
almost in a trance and dying of embarassment I undid the belt and dropped the 
gown to the floor. I stood completely nude in front of 20 people. The whole 
thing was exhillerating but I was distraught.

I was conscious of the fact that my pussy was shaved and I was completely on show.

Alan was at the back of me.. thank God.... but then Sean explained that this was 
their first attempt at life drawing and he would explain the body shape and 
dimensions. To do this the students were to look at me while he described weight 
distribution, shadow, etc etc.

He told them to put down their pencils and to look at me. He got me to move my 
feet apart and explained about balance. He stood right next to me pointing at my 
breasts and hips and drawing attention to my nude body with a small pencil that 
he used to point at me and direct their attention to that particular part of my 
body.

I was required to turn at 90 degree angles every few minutes so they all got to 
see me from all angles.

I then had to turn and face the others at the rear and saw Alan.

He nodded at me and took the opportunity to look between my legs.

I was completely flushed and humiliated. I couldn't believe my husband wanted me 
to do this and worse still I had done it.

But, at the same time I must admit that I was enjoying the experience!

As time went on I found that I was enjoying the freedom and exhilleration of 
being nude in public.

The morning flashed by and it was soon break time. I stretched and remained nude 
as the students filed out of the door. Sean asked if I wanted to join him in the 
staff room for a coffee but there was no way I was going to stand in a room full 
of dressed teachers in a dressing gown!

The room emptied except Alan and whilst I pretended to admire the drawings he 
walked over to me. I was still nude and my gown was the other side of the room. 
He had big grin on his face.He had obviously got over the shock of seeing his 
Mum's friend nude and was now very confident as he looked at my small breasts 
and pussy.

He said" Hi Jenny!" and we both started laughing.

I said, "I'm so embarrassed you seeing me"

Alan said that it was no problem and that I had a great figure. 

I laughed and pointed towards my breasts, I said," they're so small and my bum 
is too big"

Alan said, " no, you look great" whilst taking the opportunity to look at my 
nude body.

I said," and I would not have shaved down there if I'd known that I would know 
people here!"

He then said, " I've never seen a shaven one before" and we both laughed.

I said, "please don't tell your Mum or Dad about this, it'll be our little 
secret!"

He thought for a minute and said "yeah, sure." 

But I could tell that there was something else going through his mind.

This was becoming a massive turn on. I was really starting to get wet and horny. 
I knew I should put on my robe and asked him to pass it to me.

He said,"No, I've seen you now so there's no point"

The way he said was like an order, he was not going to let me dress and I was 
loving it. 

We engaged in trivial conversation for another minute until the door opened and 
three of his teenage male friends entered with drinks.

They all stoped in their tracks and apologised as they went to leave. 

They were going to leave but Alan encouraged them to enter.

He said," no come in its ok, the model doesn't mind!"

I laughed and said that I did mind and walked over to collect my robe. They all 
stared at me as I put it on making sure that they all got a good view of me.

I was really starting to enjoy this!!!

I nipped to the toilet before the next session and felt my cunt. It was dripping 
wet. I fingered myself almost to orgasm and made sure that my lips were well 
parted to show my pink inner lips.

The rest of the class passed in a blur and I went home to await for Steve. I 
recounted the story of events to him and he made me pose in the same positions 
before he fucked the arse off me whilst I told him about Alan and undressing in 
front of Sean.

I couldn't wait to do it again next week!!!



Wife As A Life Model Ch. 03
by steven1169©


My wife Jenny had started modelling at the local college 6th form art class. She 
had never modelled before and had only done it at my request. She was quite an 
outgoing, confident woman but she was always shy about her body. She was a mid 
30's Mother of two kids but she had kept her figure well and was slim and 
attractive. 

She was embarrased by her small breasts which had shrunk even smaller after 
breast feeding but she still turned heads.

To the rest of the whole world she was the last person they would have guessed 
to be a nude model. It was our secret apart from the fact that she had 
recognised a friends' son, 'Alan' in one of her first classes. 

She was distressed about this and wanted to stop after the first class but I 
persuaded her to go again. In total she modelled on five occasions but Alan was 
only in her first and last class.

Jenny hadn't seen her friend (Emma) or Alan outside of college and she was 
scared of anybody knowing. Every time that we went out she feared that she might 
bump into them or that he would have told his Mum about Jenny's secret life.

He had assured her that he wouldn't say anything but she still felt awkward 
about the whole thing.

After the first class modelling in front of Alan she had been told by her 
teacher 'Sean' that she would be modelling for other classes for the next three 
weeks so it wasn't too much of a problem. 

In fact she spent the next three weeks becoming quite comfortable with her new 
occupation!

They passed off without any major incident and I got the impression that she was 
starting to enjoy the experience of showing herself nude to others. She would 
arrive home and tell me about the poses, the details of the class, the students 
and then we would re-enact the situations before some great sex. She was always 
very turned on after her life classes.

The days passed by and before she knew it she realised that the following day 
she would be modelling for Alan's class!

That evening she showered and shaved her legs, armpits and pussy and made 
herself look beautiful. She couldn't eat because she was so nervous. Her pussy 
was as smooth as a baby's bum!

At about 9pm her phone beeped. She looked at the unknown number on the display 
and saw that she had received a text message.

Her face dropped as she read the text. 

She showed me the message:

'Hi Jenny, its Alan, got you number from Mum. Looking forward to SEEING you 2moro!'

He had got her number from his Mum's mobile. At first she wanted to pull out of 
the whole thing but I told her that a whole class was relying on her being there 
and she couldn't let them down... besides it turned me on immensley to think of 
Alan looking at my nude wife!

I told her to be confident and text the cheeky bastard back!

She wrote; 'just remember its our little secret!'

A text conversation then began backwards and forwards.

Alan; 'I haven't told Mum. I will keep it a secret. Could you get there early 2moro?'

Jenny; 'why?'

Alan; 'I have a favour'

Jenny; 'What sort of a favour?'

Alan; 'All will be revealed in the morning!'

Jenny agreed to get there early and never really thought too much about the 
favour, she was still nervous about posing in front of Alan.

The next morning it was beautiful and she dressed in a short summer dress and 
nice shoes. she wore no underwear because of the marks that it left on her skin 
when she came to undress. She went to look for her robe but couldn't find it. I 
had actually hidden it so that she would have to be nude throughout the day and 
even in the breaks!!

She rushed off and arrived at the college at about 8.30am, a full half hour 
before the other students arrived.

She made her way to the life drawing studio and hardly passed another person. It 
was still too early for the students who were not known for their punctuality.

Just beside the studio she had a small room where she would change into her 
robe. But on this morning with no robe to change into she couldn't run the risk 
of wandering along the corridor nude so she went straight into the studio.

The doors and windows were sealed so that people outside couldn't see inside. 
She approached nervously. As she opened the door she saw Alan and three of his 
friends standing in the middle of the room. At first she thought that these 
other three were also art students but then she realized that she had never seen 
them in her previous classes.

They greeted her and exchanged pleasantries about the weather and the morning.

Alan said' "thanks for getting here early Jenny. I don't know if you already 
know Brett, Simon and Surjit."

He introduced the three boys who were all about 18 and typical teenage students.

She then recognized Surjit whose family owned our local corner shop. She also 
rembered seeing Brett before but couldn't recall how she knew him.

She expected the other three boys to leave but they remained rooted to the spot, 
shifting uncomfortably and looking down at their feet.

Alan continued making small talk about his family and asking about Jenny.

After a few moments Jenny started to feel even more nervous and said,

"why did you ask me here early Alan?"

Alan looked down and said, " I told my mates about you modelling and they didn't 
believe me."

She said, " fine, well I model, so what?"

She looked at them and said, " if you want to go now then?"

Alan interrupted, "Jenny, I told them that they could watch you model for me."

Jenny said, "No way mister! What the fuck is going on here?"

Jenny started shouting at Alan and going mad.

"How dare you, if they want to watch they can join the art class."

Alan said, "well, would you do it as a favour, I'm doing you a favour remember?"

Jenny softened. She would hate her friends to know her secret, it was too 
humiliating!

Alan continued, "please Jenny, its only 15 minutes before the class and they 
didn't believe me when I told them about you"

" I haven't told Mum and I promise to keep it a secret"

There was nothing she could do. She needed him to keep quiet and she was going 
to model for a load of teenagers anyway so three more was neither here or there!

She agreed and asked him what they had in mind.

The three friends' faces lit up and they all stared at Jenny.

Alan moved towards her and said, "first thing is get undressed"

He started to unpack his paper and pencils and laid them on a table in front of 
him. She never moved at first, there was a silence during which Jenny thought 
long and hard. Eventually she reached a decision. She had to do it.

She undid the buttons on the front of her dress and whilst facing the boys and 
loking at them directly in the face, she slowly let the dress drop to the floor. 
She exposed her small titties, smooth flat stomache and then her shaven pussy.

She was totally nude in front of them!

She kicked the dress away and stood in just her shoes.

The boys stared long and hard at her small titties and shaven pussy and for a 
moment she enjoyed the feeling of vulnerability but power over these young lads.

Alan motioned for her to stand on the posing stage which was about one foot 
above the floor. She felt even more exposed now. She kicked off her shoes and 
stood facing the group.

"Well, what do you want me to do? I undress and stand around naked, that's it!"

Alan told her to stand still and that the pose would be for about five minutes.

She stood facing them, feet about a foot apart whilst they all looked at her 
most private parts.

She was actually enjoying it! She hoped that her moist pussy wouldn't start 
dripping and give her away!!

Alan said, " Now, I want you to lie down" and pointed to mattress on the floor.

The other three were still quiet at this point but started to move closer.

She lay on the mattress in a conservative pose but Alan wasn't happy.

" Lie on your back, bring your knees up to your chest" He sounded nervous but 
she did as he requested and she had a feeling that she knew what was coming 
next.

She was right!

She was on her back with her knees pulled up to her chest when Alan said,

" let your knees drop to each side"

She looked at him.

" You can't be serious?"

He shook his head and said, "I'm serious alright. I'd hate to be you if your 
friends found out!"

She glared at him and then let her knees drop outwards exposing the whole of her 
most intimate and sexual parts to four teenage boys!

She closed her eyes but could hear them getting closer. She was so exposed and 
humiliated and yet so exhilerated! She was in heaven!

She looked up and saw that they all were all right next to her and this time 
there was no pretence at drawings.

They were all whispering and staring at her swollen pussy lips.

She said, "look but don't touch, thats the agreement okay?"

"and never tell a soul!"

She was loving it. Surjit was closest. He was studying the folds of her pussy. 
Brett was studying her nipples and tits.

She closed her eyes and listened to them talking about her pussy and titties. 
They discussed her as if she wasn't there and, in a way, she wasn't there. It 
was something similiar to an out of body experience.

After a few minutes she realized that it had gone quiet and she looked up.

She saw that Surjit and Alan had mobile phones in their hand and were clearly 
making a video of her.

She was too ecstatic to object and let them film her nude body.

After about five minutes she stood up and said, "okay, thats it, you've had your 
show! The others will be here in a minute"

The boys were excited and started to walk out, she heard Alan say,

"see I told you I could get her to undress. you all owe me £10"

The bastard was going to charge his mates for allowing them to see Jenny nude!!

Before she could say anything the room started to fill with other students. 
Jenny was still nude as they entered and she mingled around with them before the 
class. She loved being naked in a room full of clothed people!

Sean the tutor arrived a short time later and was surprised to find Jenny nude 
and chatting to a group of lads about the weather.

He would have been even more surprised if he had come in a few minutes earlier!

The class passed off without incident and Jenny made her way home.

She spent the afternoon touching herself and as soon as I walked in she took me 
upstairs, recounted the story and made me fuck the arse off her!!








