Hypothermia Emergency
by Executionus

First Aider David had just lured the entire six-person bike team into the men's bathroom for an emergency medical intervention. The team had just biked for 45 minutes at near-freezing temperatures during a heavy rainfall at the tail end of a 10 hour ride, and all six of them looked like absolute hell. When David ordered the team to strip off their icy soaked clothing immediately, three of the guys were already taking their top halves off before he even said it.

The guys were all so loopy from their ordeal that it actually took several seconds before even one of them noticed the elephant in the room...or more accurately, the estrogen in the room. Michelle, the lone girl of the team, was in here with them. Half of the guys were nearly naked before they even saw her. They were all most certainly too embarrassed to go all the way nude with her there watching, especially since the physical stress combined with the arctic temperatures had turned all of their precious male parts into travel size.

Michelle, meanwhile, had not taken off a single thing. She was in disbelief of the order, assuming that David had somehow forgotten that she was a girl or something. She walked slowly towards the door out of the men's room, hoping to instead get changed in the ladies room like what made sense. Her vision was getting woozy though, as the adrenaline dump from no longer pedaling was instantly taking its toll on her entire body.

To the shock of her teammates, Michelle went sideways right as she reached the door and fell to the ground. Johnny tried to rush to her aid, but since he wasn't in much better shape himself he tripped slightly as well and fell to a knee. Another boy on the team, Oliver, managed to help Michelle sit again, but she was suddenly far too dizzy for any more walking attempts. With her adrenaline no longer pumping she was crashing hard, suddenly feeling all of the abuse she just put her body through from both the riding and the extreme weather.

First Aider David rushed back into the bathroom holding a small bag of emergency supplies, shocked to see a fully-dressed Michelle on the floor by the door as well as the boys either half dressed or still wearing some form of bottoms.

David yelled out "What the hell do you all think you're doing? I said get your kits off immediately! Yes, all! Be adults about it. Your willies might legitimately fall off from hypothermia if you don't, and I'm not joking when I say that. GO! Move on with it!"

The guys all began scrambling to undress themselves despite the significant embarrassment of knowing that Michelle was still in the room. All of them made sure to keep a hand over their severely-shrunken packages, but soon those hands were the only thing any of them were wearing. Michelle, however, had problems of her own.

David started pulling Michelle's thick winter shirt off of her, as Michelle instantly and loudly protested. She spoke with very slurred words "Not here! Ladies room!"

First Aider David got Michelle's attention and forced her to look him in the eyes as he calmly responded "No. I'm sorry, but no. You are in shock with hypothermia, the worst of everyone by far. You could pass out, hit your head, or a host of other very bad things. You cannot be alone right now, period, and neither Rebecca nor Lisa have any remote medical training. It has to be me, and it has to be here. You need my immediate care, as does Johnny, while I have to keep an eye on the others too for safety sake. I need everyone in one place, no time for modesty. Sorry, Michelle, but we're all going to see you naked tonight. It's either that or you risk losing limbs or worse."

Michelle moaned in embarrassment from David's words as her pants were roughly ripped off next. While deep inside she knew David was telling the truth, most of her young and awkward 16-year-old brain was laser-focused on not wanting her close peers and teammates, all guys, to see her completely naked like this. It would be humiliating beyond belief, and she'd never be able to look at any of them in the eye ever again. She didn't even look good right now, with the heavy frozen rain turning her into a soaked wreck of a mess. Not that she wanted to be seen naked even in the best of cases, but the fact that she was a disaster currently made her feel even more ashamed as her clothing was stripped off one by one by the fairly cute First Aider.

David yelled at the boys "In my bag are a few towels. I'm taking two for Michelle now, the rest are for you all. Towel off completely, and help Johnny as needed. And get your frigid hands off of your groins right this instant! Willies wagging, boys. Sorry. Nothing cold touches anywhere on your torsos until I say otherwise. It's very important. And don't try to warm your arms with hot water or anything like that, only dry for now. Go!"

Even in her delirium and with her entire half-naked body shivering like crazy, Michelle still had the presence of mind to turn her head to face where the guys were all standing once David ordered them to move their hands. Her eyes lit up and a small bit of a smile hit her lips as she watched the blushing and shivering boys bare themselves to her one by one. Each boy watched Michelle staring at them as they exposed themselves and shamefully moved their hands away from their torsos. The five boys all felt very embarrassed about their cute riding partner seeing them naked, and it was even worse that she was seeing them all naked with ice-cold dicks smaller than most thumbs. From the delirium of her hypothermia, Michelle wasn't feeling ashamed to blatantly stare nor was she hiding her lusty glaring one iota, her mouth open and everything. Their cute riding mate staring at all of their dicks so intensely was just multiplying the boys' humiliation in this moment. They all rushed to grab their towels in order to towel off, with four of the five turning their backs on Michelle in order to hide their dicks while they dried themselves. The lone exception was Johnny, who from a mixture of dizziness and confusion just kept facing Michelle with his tiny chilly weiner on display for her.

Michelle couldn't believe her luck with getting to see the boys naked like that, even if all of their dicks were artificially small. Somehow them being tiny from the cold made the act of her seeing them that much more exciting and forbidden, because she knew just how badly the boys DIDN'T want any woman to ever see them like that (and especially her). It made the show even more tantalizing, even more taboo, and vastly more delicious. Suddenly seeing her riding mates completely naked sent a gigantic jolt of pleasure through her entire body. Even if the dicks were tiny and the boys were soaked sloppy, their butts were hella-cute and each one of the naked boys was a very welcome and arousing sight for little Michelle. The loopy girl completely forgot her own embarrassment for several seconds as seeing all five naked boys momentarily made her forget that she was next on the naked list. She barely even noticed David moving her onto one of the towels, although she was happy to no longer be lying down on the cold floor.

And then she shrieked when David lifted her sports bra up over her tits. Michelle quickly covered them with her arm while David pulled the bra off, knowing that David clearly saw her nipples in that split second before she could cover up. As David went for her knickers, she used her free hand to cover her privates before he could pull them down. They clung to her skin on the way down from how soaked they were, but eventually they were tossed aside. Michelle had jolted instantly to a fight or flight response as a result of being stripped naked, as she suddenly started trying to kick and headbutt David while clutching her small tits and her groin tightly with her hands.

Michelle began to scream "NOOOOOO!" as she flailed around.

David hugged her tightly and softly whispered soothing words, which managed to relax her down some. As Michelle's mind came back a little bit, she weakly pleaded "Please...don't let everyone see me naked. I don't want to be naked! I'm embarrassed!"

First Aider David then told her "I'm sorry, but I need to move your hands off of your torso. Your hands are blue and ice cold, so they are making you worse. We are all going to see you naked now, but it's going to be ok."

Michelle panicked. Even with her life potentially in danger, the mental effects of hypothermia were causing her only concern in the moment to be the preservation of her remaining modesty. As David grabbed at her wrists, Michelle desperately shook her head rapidly while pleading "No no no no no, please no, please no, no no no no! Don't move my hands, don't move my hands, DON'T MOVE MY HANDS!"

In her current state she had zero chance of resisting David's strength at all, as he pulled both of Michelle's hands off of her body and held them outward. Michelle's tits and hairless coin slot were bare right in front of the hunky first aid man! She fought to free her arms but had very little strength left in her at all. While four of the guys were facing away from her drying, naked Johnny was staring right at her. With her lying down on her back with her legs pointed his direction Michelle quickly became worried about showing Johnny a much better view than what David was seeing if she accidentally opened her legs at all.

Michelle was in extreme panic mode now as her shock levels reached critical "STOP! LET GO! NOOOOO! LET ME GOOOO! I'M NAKED I'M NAKED I'M NAKED, LET GOOOO OF MEEEEEEEE!"

David was struggling to calm her "Michelle! Michelle it's ok, I've got you. I've got you you're ok. Michelle!"

Looking around the room for some idea, David suddenly thought of something when he looked at the five naked boys. He then called out "BOYS! Everyone, set down your wet towels and turn to face this way for a minute. I need your help calming Michelle."

Johnny was already facing that way, but the other four boys who were more mentally with it absolutely did not want to expose themselves in their extremely shrunken states to their teammate again. They didn't have a choice, though, and they knew it. As the four of them turned around to face their cute girl partner, it only then dawned on all of them that SHE was naked now. Her skinny little freckled body was completely exposed for them. Their eyes all lit up once they could see her bare legs tightly together leading to her slit, and her small tits with their cute deep pink nipples pointing right at the boys.

Michelle whined "NOOOOO! DON'T LOOK AT MEEEEEEEE!"

All six total boys continued to look at her, as David said to her "Michelle...look! Look Michelle! Your teammates are naked right now right in front of you. See?"

Very confused, Michelle asked "What?" and then looked over towards the five boys.

She then noticed again that they were all butt naked with all five of their dicks on show for her. The boys all blushed from being forced to stand on display for her, as they were all much more coherent than she was and they were fully aware of what was going on. Michelle, however, was still in largely a waking dream state. When she saw the naked boys she relaxed immediately, smiling brightly with her eyes wide open.

Having no filter right now as if she was drunk, Michelle blurted out "You guys are hot! Why ain't you always naked? Why are all your cocks so small? Can you make them get bigger? I want 'em bigger please. Tiny ones are no fuuuun."

The boys were so humiliated having her stare at them, but when she commented on how small they were right now it sent the experience into a whole new level of shame for all of them. They all just stood there like ashamed statues, not taking their eyes off of the naked Michelle and keeping their icy hands at their side to avoid lowering their core temps any lower. This meant that they had no way of covering up.

David was toweling off the naked and distracted Michelle, who without thinking about what she was doing ended up spreading her legs pretty wide on the ground. The five bikers were all staring between her legs now, all of them watching intensely as Michelle's modest coin slot began to slowly inch its way open in front of them. They could all see hints of pink in there, which was a view that even managed to sober up Johnny quite quickly.

Michelle eventually noticed David again and whined "Hey, why aren't YOU naked? That's cheating. Get naked!"

David chuckled "Later. First I have to dry you off completely and then elevate your core temp with a warm compress."

Michelle then looked down and watched the towel rubbing her. "That feels good. Hey...I'M NAKED! Why am I naked? Stop touching me, I'm naked! Stop looking at me! I need clothes. I can't be naked, that's dirty! PERVERT!"

As she struggled and tried to fight again, she actually took a swing at David (who blocked it). The delusional girl then looked back towards the guys and gasped "Ooooh hello!" as she stopped fighting again.

David shook his head "Lads, I have to give Michelle my full attention. Frankly she's scaring me. She's calm when looking at you lot starkers though, which helps. Hate to use you as a distraction, but you get to see her baps and cunny right back so I don't wanna hear any whining. Each of you grab one of the compresses and warm yourselves, then toss me the bag. Don't warm your limbs, that can stress your heart from messed up blood flow. Only torso. Alternate putting it on your neck, chest, tummy, and groin. Yes I said groin. Instructions say knobs and fannies get heat. No I'm not joking. Google it later. You might wanna start with your groins to be frank, unless any of you somehow prefer this fit girl seeing your weinie all teeny. Honestly if any of you lot fancy a wank afterward while you're standing there, have at it. You'll keep her occupied for me and probably warm yourself too."

The five guys couldn't believe that they were essentially being asked to put on a sexy show for their girl teammate, but all five of them were a little worried about her and were up to doing whatever little bits they could help to aid her recovery. Besides, staring at her naked body was a significant side benefit of all of this mess. Still, the way that loopy Michelle carelessly stared at them all while literally drooling slightly and making rude comments was causing them all much more humiliation than they wanted to admit.

And then suddenly the door to the bathroom opened up, and in walked two more beautiful women and another guy: Rebecca the group leader, Lisa the bike repairer, and Geoff the morale officer.

Rebecca walked in first while speaking "David what's the situa--OH FUCK!"

Standing directly in front of her was all five male bikers completely nude and facing her way, and not a single one of them was even using their hands to cover up their shrunken penises. The boys all jumped in fright as their sexy group leader saw them all naked, followed by Lisa seeing them naked half a second later. The boys were instantly mortified realizing that all three of the girls on their crew have now seen them nude with their anatomy in its tiniest state possible from the cold. Behind the ladies, Geoff walked in as well, happening to notice Michelle in all of her beautiful naked glory as she was struggling with David while lying on a towel on the ground.

Rebecca shouted as she covered her eyes "EEEEK! SORRY, SORRY, God I'm sorry! I thought you would be clothed since Michelle was in here. Where is Michelle?"

While Rebecca was considerate enough to cover her eyes, Lisa had no desire to do so as she memorized every inch of the embarrassed boys' skin without blinking. Geoff was doing the same with Michelle.

David quickly yelled "I don't have time for distractions! Michelle is in severe shock complete with confused paranoid delusions and her core temp might be dangerously low. Becca I TOLD you we needed to park it and wait the storm out. You, Lisa, out! Don't let anyone else in here until we're finished. Geoff, handle the boys, warm compresses, and make sure Johnny especially doesn't pass out and fall."

As Rebecca and Lisa left and Geoff ran to the boys, Michelle angrily whined "Why does HE get to keep his clothes if we don't? That's not fair!"

David ignored such a dumb question and finally finished toweling off Michelle. She was dry now but he needed to get a read of her temperature to see if extreme emergency measures were needed or not. David grabbed a thermometer from his satchel, but when he tried to put it into Michelle's mouth she angrily bit at it as hard as she could, narrowly missing. Acting quickly, David decided that Michelle's modesty was far less important than her life. Since Michelle's mouth was too dangerous for this, he instead stuck the thermometer deep inside of her pussy. Michelle moaned and then looked between her own legs in extreme confusion trying to figure out what just felt so good. All six of the boys across from her, even Geoff, were staring at the thermometer buried deep inside of her and enjoying the view of her labia wrapped around it. For all intents and purposes it was like an extra-thin dildo inserted into her. It had to be left inside of her for several seconds in order to get an accurate reading.

David quickly looked over at the boys who all seemed to be doing far better now thanks to the heating pads they were rubbing on themselves. Even Johnny had stopped his constant shivering and swaying back and forth, looking mostly like himself again. As a bonus indication that the boys were doing better, David noticed all five of them growing slight erections born from staring directly at Michelle too hard. Applying heat down there had worked to completely reverse any and all shrinkage effects for the embarrassed boys, bringing them all back to their normal sizes. And with every passing second each one was expanding towards its maximum.

As Michelle looked their way again, she softly mumbled "Oo0o0o0o0o. Hot."

When David pulled the thermometer out of her, it read slightly over 33°C. David swore intensely, as this was right on the cusp of the deadly danger zone. Anything below 35°C was hypothermia, and below 32°C could be fatal. With her mental state seemingly getting worse by the second, David considered this read to be relatively accurate despite the thermometer's unusual placement. Drastic measures needed to be taken to warm her core up and fast. He needed to change tactics, if he could figure something out quickly.

With him not holding her hands anymore, Michelle absently started rubbing herself slowly in front of all of the naked boys watching her while rocking her head around on the towel like it was floating. She seemed unaware of what she was even doing, just acting on physical instinct from the boys making her feel good down there. She was staring at them all with her mouth open smiling as if she'd never seen a more sexy view in her entire life. Being a well-behaved 16-year-old girl, the reality was that she actually hadn't yet. Meanwhile the sight of her touching herself instantly finished the erecting process on the five naked boys, none of which could believe their good fortune.

Rebecca and Lisa then suddenly opened the door, with both of them staring right at the boys this time. Lisa's mouth dropped as she gasped out loud "God! Look at the bells on THEM whistles!"

Rebecca chastised her "Lisa, behave! I'm sure they're quite embarrassed right now. Imagine if you were naked in front of them instead."

She then handed a bottle to David, still sitting by the door with Michelle, while telling him "I remembered that I had this in my purse still. It's, well, intimate warming oil meant for rubbing skin. Let's just say it feels amazing when applied. It's not exactly designed for hypothermia but I thought it might help."

David smirked "I might just use this actually. Thanks! Becca, be on standby to call 999 and tell them we may have an emergency hypothermic situation with a young female. I'm working to fix her up now and everything should be fine, but if I yell out the door that we need paramedics, be ready to call them."

As Rebecca and the extremely-reluctant Lisa shut the door again, David finally noticed Michelle touching herself and had to immediately pull her hands away from there. Her hands were literally blueish and did not need to be making direct contact with such a vulnerable core area right now. Michelle moaned in frustration and then tried to awkwardly headbutt David with zero success.

This horny response gave David an idea for what to do next in order to warm her up fast, and so he shifted into his new plan. David yelled out "Lads! You're all warm enough for now even though I know you're feeling cold still. Michelle needs massive attention from all of us immediately, she's at 33°C. All of you get over here right now and bring all the warming pads. You too Geoff. We all need to warm her core together all at once, ASAP"

Worried about their friend (and truthfully, excited about the idea of getting closer and touching her while she was naked), the boys all jumped into action. David directed all of them towards certain key locations like heart, liver, neck, abs, and both lungs. Each boy had a pad in each hand, rubbing the extreme heat all over Michelle's frozen little body. David even took care to personally be the one to rub a warm pad onto Michelle's privates, mostly to protect what little remained of her modesty but also because a part of him really enjoyed rubbing her there even if he was careful to not literally touch any parts with his hand. Nobody would ever deny that Michelle was extremely attractive, as biking so much had forged her body into a fit specimen. All of the seven boys were greatly enjoying the ability to surround her naked body and rub it all over.

Michelle instantly squirmed happily from the sea of boys, most of which naked and erect, rubbing warm pads all over her frozen skin and all of her various parts. She wasn't of the mind to resist basic urges, so she kept moaning quietly and kept putting her cold hands on the naked boys surrounding her. The boys jumped every time her icy hands touched one of their peckers, but not a one of them made any effort to block her from doing it whenever it was their turn to be groped by their friend. The heat alone felt orgasmic to Michelle with how cold she was, but having it applied all over her nude body by sexy nude athletes like a hedonist triggered a deep and buried fetish in the normally-modest good girl. David's hand between her legs moving up and down was doing things to her that she could barely withstand. All of her fighting and attempts at violence was a thing of the distant past to her as she melted into pleasure from the touch of the 7 total guys.

After around 2 minutes of direct heating, Michelle mentally "woke up" so to speak. Awareness of her situation (and her nudity) came very suddenly as she jumped in panic. Michelle screamed without warning, startling all of the guys who leaned away from her. Michelle threw her hands over her body to cover it.

She mumbled "I'm naked! Everyone can see me naked!"

David quickly pulled her hands back off of her effortlessly as she was far too weakened to offer much resistance. He then talked to her in a soothing voice "Michelle, it's me. David. Your body temperature dropped dangerously low, and it's still much lower than it needs to be. We need to finish warming your core, followed by your limbs. You need to keep your arms at your side and keep still while we do this. It's very important"

As the boys resumed rubbing her all over with heating pads, Michelle whimpered "This is so humiliating.... I'm a proper girl, I can't be...like this!"

Johnny then commented "We're naked too, if it helps any."

Michelle looked over at Johnny and scanned his body completely. She then sheepishly replied with a slight blush "It does. Quite a bit, to be honest. But I still feel so embarrassed and...dirty. I'm so ashamed."

David commented "There's nothing dirty or scandalous happening, girl. We're all friends and we're all taking care of you during a medical emergency, that's it. Now relax. You'll feel much better soon."

Michelle tried to relax, but she could see all of the eyes around her staring at her small little breasts, her erect nipples, all of her skin, and David's hand rubbing her between her legs. The embarrassment of realizing that every single one of the guys on the team had now seen and even touched all over her naked body was so massively impossible to bear. Michelle had always been the good girl, the one who listened to her parents, teachers, and preachers. She didn't fall to any temptations, be they of drug or flesh. To go from a proper girl fit for polite society to now being a naked girl groped by 7 men on the floor of a seedy public men's room was such an intense and degrading shock to her system that she could barely cope with it at all.

After about 30 more seconds of having heat rubbed all over her, Michelle seemed to be gathering her memories back. She shut her eyes and whined "Oh God.... I was attacking David. I'm so sorry. And I molested all of you guys without consent. That was unacceptable! All of it. I can't believe I did that to you guys while you were trying to help me."

All of the guys quickly told her that it was fine and ok. Everyone knew that she wasn't of right mind. Oliver even added "Without sounding too dodgy, most men would pay good money for such a privilege from you. You needn't apologize."

Michelle actually giggled slightly from Oliver's line. The warm pads rubbing her skin and all of her parts was starting to really feel amazing, and not just from beating the cold either. Much to Michelle's shame, she felt a special deep pleasure from David's hand rubbing the pad between her legs. Good girls don't talk about such things though, so she was determined to pretend that she wasn't experiencing sexual pleasure from this. She was though. She was feeling quite a strong level of it.

As more of her memories came back, she then looked away from all of the boys and sadly told them "I also remember me making fun of you guys when you were cold. Teasing you about your sizes while you were all suffering and vulnerable. That was unforgivably cruel and absolutely despicable. I cannot believe I was even capable of such evil, hypothermia or not. I apologize profusely, and I feel a strong obligation to ensure that all of you know that my comments were inaccurate. Having seen all of you now in your, um, fully grown capacities, I can attest that not a one of you is substandard in body even slightly. You all look...very pleasing. I am pleased by what I've seen. Quite pleased. I sincerely hope that none of you feels any harm to your esteem because of me"

Morale Officer Geoff was the first to reply, despite being fully clothed "Dear, all of us feel nothing but affection and positivity for you. The lads are not going to be bothered by careless words when you were out of it. We were all more worried about you than anything else. I'm glad you're coming back to your senses fully."

Oliver then joked "Besides, we saw your true feelings earlier when you immediately started touching yourself when we got hard."

Michelle whipped her head around to look at him in shock "I did NOT!"

Johnny nodded "Um, you actually did. And you fought David when he pulled your hand away."

She shut her eyes again in shame "Greeeeat. Wonderful."

David laughed a bit at Michelle's indignant reaction "Hun, you realize that you're allowed to like sex and nudity right? It's not improper. It's human. We can all tell that you're feeling lots of those feelings right now by the way. It's pretty obvious. But don't be ashamed of that sort of thing. Let yourself go and relax, let yourself enjoy the rubbing and the attention. I know it's hot for you. It's hot for us too, being honest. We'll take care of you and make you feel good all over, no worries. You just smile and concentrate on actually feeling good. For us. For me. Can you do that, Michelle?"

Michelle shyly nodded. She was indeed feeling very strong pleasures from the touch of the boys and their warm pads. 14 glorious pads spread across her entire torso from her neck to her groin, including hands on her back reaching underneath her nude body. While so much of her prudish upbringing was telling her to fight this, the soft and soothing tone of David's voice, plus the trust she has in all of her teammates, led her to choose to embrace the feelings. It felt so amazingly sexy to be naked and rubbed by all of these boys with elite athlete bods, most of them naked as well. Her hedonism fetish buried inside of her subconscious was moving more and more to the forefront of her mind by the second. Besides, she didn't really have the energy to fight anything at this point, so might as well enjoy it instead.

After another minute, David addressed everyone "Ok, I think her core is up to safe levels. Now that we don't have to worry about heart strain we need to spread out and make sure her limbs are recovered too. Michelle, I'm gonna give you two heating pads to hold in your hands. Don't try to squeeze them or anything, just let them casually heat your hands back up to normal. Oliver, you work her left arm and left side. Johnny, left leg and foot. Wally, right arm and side. Oscar, right leg and foot. Billy, you keep working her back area but spread out a little more, including the lower zone which is going to need attention even if it's embarrassing for her. Geoff, you focus on her neck, chest, and shoulders. I'll keep working where I am on her midsection and groin region."

All of the boys reset and started rubbing their assigned zones. The touch of heat on her previously-ignored icy limbs sent an intense jolt of pleasure through Michelle that caused her to release a slight moaning sound. Instantly she was ashamed for having done that, locking her jaw shut tightly and making it a mission of hers from that point on to not make any lewd sounds while this was happening to her. The pads rubbing her thighs and her butt brought a particularly strong reaction, not to mention David's pad ceaselessly rubbing between her legs. But Michelle was highly determined to keep a professional and proper stoic look on her face at all costs. Even though David told her to relax and mentioned that the boys could tell she was enjoying this, she still didn't want them to see HOW MUCH she was enjoying it. The animal side of her brain had never felt better and wanted to stay here touched by the boys for the rest of her life. There was barely any nuance to her feelings and that scared the crap out of her. She couldn't bear the shame of letting the boys all see the true extent to which she was enjoying all of this physical attention. Michelle was becoming even more embarrassed by her arousal than she was her nudity, which was a pretty big level to surpass.

Unknown to Michelle, her determined efforts to look proper and unaroused by all of this were failing. Her face wore a mask of tension and stress as she blushed, and all of the guys could tell that she was trying very hard to hold back her responses. They were all quite fascinated by watching her facial reactions to being rubbed. With every new place touched, it seemed as though she inched closer and closer to cracking. Every twitch of her mouth and cheeks, every roll of the eyes, Michelle was losing her ability to pretend that she wasn't overflowing with sexual pleasure through all of this. All of the boys could tell, it was as obvious as a nuke dropped at midnight. The boys all wondered just what it would take to make Michelle finally let go of her shame and allow herself to express her actual uninhibited feelings. They all wanted to see this beautiful-yet-sheltered young girl truly let loose for once in her life.

After a few more minutes, Rebecca and Lisa peeked in the door again asking for an update. Both of them stared at Michelle squirming around on the ground being rubbed head-to-toe by 7 attractive men, and the two women instantly felt a deep sense of jealousy of Michelle's position...even if they didn't want to admit that out loud. David told the two of them that Michelle was out of the worst of it and that they wouldn't need to call 999 or anything, but that it would still be at least 10 minutes before he felt she was fully better. When they closed the door again, both women shared a silent yet knowing glance...part of each of them was wishing it was them on that floor being pampered by naked boys instead of Michelle.

Once Rebecca and Lisa were gone again, David spoke up "Ok, since Michelle is out of the real danger zone we can all take a breath of relief. That said, I want to see how well this heating oil Becca gave me helps warm her skin. Everyone give me your hands and I'll give you some of it. Rub it all over Michelle, making sure to not miss a spot anywhere. If I'm right, she should start feeling much better quite quickly."

All of the boys happily put down their warming pads and held out their bare hands for the oil. Michelle was too stunned from her arousal for the reality of the next step to hit her at first. When she saw the boys getting oil on their hands, suddenly it hit her: They were about to touch her nude body all over with their BARE HANDS, not just thick pads like before. All of Michelle's upbringing told her to stop this, to protest and demand them to not cross this line. But here in this moment, the temptation was much too strong to simply play innocent and pretend that she didn't know how sexual this was. She could always rationalize this oil massage as pure medical, nothing more. Only a pervert would assume even one percent of this was sexual. Michelle was beginning to see herself as exactly that type of pervert, however, because her sex drive was already kicked into overdrive even without being oiled yet. Even if she knew deep down that she was exactly the type of pervert she always pretended not to be, her pride commanded her to keep putting on a straight face no matter what in order to ensure that none of the boys ever developed a hint of just how sexually into this hedonistic pampering she was. She could never endure the shame if the boys figured out she actually got horny pleasure from this.

All at once the seven horny teen boys began rubbing the warming oil all over Michelle's bare skin. The oil produced a nearly-orgasmic warming sensation almost instantly on contact with her skin, causing her to accidentally moan the instant the 14 hands touched her. She then gripped her teeth shut with all of her might, desperate to keep her massive arousal a secret no matter what. She couldn't stop herself from making slight noises through her tightly-shut mouth, however, and she was squirming around on the towel like a caterpillar on a sidewalk. Her legs were actively rubbing themselves against the nude boys legs kneeling on her sides, and her arms began to do the same. Her carnal hormones were tempting her to grab the hard rods all around her. She knew that she did it earlier when she was loopy, but she couldn't bear the shame of doing that when awake and fully herself. The boys would KNOW it was her of sound mind doing it. But her hands yearned to touch their private male flesh none-the-less. Her self-imposed torture was driving her mad. She was going to crack sooner rather than later.

The hands rubbing oil all over her body began to roam and explore, covering all of her arms, legs, back, collar, and tummy. The boys were avoiding the most intimate of her areas, but those hands seemed to inch closer to them with every passing second. Johnny and Oscar, the two naked boys rubbing up her legs, were moving higher and higher up her thighs and making sure to focus on the inner thigh primarily. Despite her shame, Michelle felt herself parting her legs more and more the higher the boys hands got. She didn't even want to imagine the type of view they were getting right now, especially since there was no longer any heating pad covering her pussy up. She was deathly afraid of her wetness levels being visible to them in this position. If only she knew how tremendously obvious her wetness really was to all seven of the boys staring at her down there, and not just Johnny and Oscar looking up her legs.... If she ever suspected even a fraction of the display she was putting on, she probably would've slammed her legs shut in an instant.

Geoff finally moved his hands from Michelle's upper chest to her tight small breasts, rubbing the warm oil over her sensitive boobs and nipples. She inhaled sharply the instant her nipples were even grazed, and when Geoff began to really rub them by sliding his four fingers back and forth over them it caused Michelle to arch her back upwards towards his hands. Her tits were rising into the air trying to increase the contact level with his hands, while Michelle's breathing got louder and louder. Wally and Oliver reached over from her arms, grabbing the nearest boob while Geoff's hands moved to massage the cleavage between. From behind her, Billy was rubbing her butt and making sure to squeeze it frequently. Johnny and Oscar were rubbing the base of her leg joints now, literally inches away from her pussy from below. David was rubbing her bald mound, literally inches from her pussy from above. Michelle was twisting her pelvis around, trying to move it towards one of the hands so torturously close to her soaked girl parts. She held her teeth together still trying to fight her vocal reactions in vain, but her bodily reactions were completely unrestrained at this point. She needed to be finished and all of them knew it. She was so close that her shyness was melting away, replaced by a desperation to cum even if it had to be in front of all of the boys.

David placed his fingers on the left and right outer edges of her labia, just barely not touching those throbbing lips. He then softly told Michelle "Honey, I'm not going to rub you there until you stop fighting and finally let yourself enjoy this and admit that you're feeling good. If you say the words, out loud, and stop clenching your teeth and being so tense...then I'll give you what you want."

Michelle whined loudly "AAAAAAAARRRGH! Ok fine! I give up! Do it! Do it already! I feel good and I can't take anymore teasing! Please, David, have mercy on me!"

David smiled a huge grin, which Michelle saw and knew meant trouble. David then moved his hand onto her pussy and started rubbing it at high speeds, getting the warming oil all over it. Michelle inhaled and moaned intensely, no longer holding anything back. Her entire body was squirming and thrashing around as the seven boys each stimulated her in their own ways. Without warning, Michelle grabbed onto the dicks of Wally and Oscar on her sides, squeezing them tightly and holding onto them for support. With David rubbing her clit while Johnny and Oscar rubbed the sides of her pelvic region, Michelle's orgasm was rising to the surface faster and more intensely than anything she had ever felt before. With Geoff rubbing her cleavage, Wally and Oliver playing with her nipples, and Billy rubbing and squeezing her butt, all seven guys were putting in their effort to finish her off.

She howled as she thrashed her body violently from the massive intensity of her approaching climax "Oh my GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD! OH! OH! OOOOH! OOOOOOH!"

Her pussy tingled and gushed, mere moments away from perfect bliss. She frantically screamed at the boys "Don't stop no matter what, I'm about to cuuuuuuum! OOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!"

Michelle's orgasm hit her at last as she bucked her hips up and down furiously, gasping and moaning as if she was having a seizure. As she commanded, the boys didn't stop, keeping up their efforts and prolonging her massive orgasm. Nothing in her life had ever felt even a fraction this good before. The cold mixed with the heating oil, the 14 hands, the naked boys, and even the embarrassment and shame from all of them seeing and groping her naked body, all of these factors combined to give her a climax so mind-blowing that it felt like the culmination of her entire life up to that point. It held for over 20 seconds before it finally came to an end, with her breathing erratically afterwards. The boys were still stimulating her until she finally told them to stop, allowing her to finally come down from her Everest-level high.

While she came down, the seven boys gently rubbed her skin, all easing her down and helping her to softly coast into pure afterglow. She felt so good in this moment, it was as if all of her stress and worries were gone. She didn't even feel ashamed of being naked in front of everybody anymore, because it brought her to this blissfully magnificent moment.

After 30 more seconds and she finally came to rest, David broke the silence "So...you feel better now, beautiful?"

Michelle smiled up at him and nodded, answering "Yes. That was...well, it was right indescribable is what it was. Thank you, all of you, for giving me that feeling. This was your plan, wasn't it David? I felt so humiliated because I was naked so you made this naughty little plan to make me feel so wonderful that it made my embarrassment go away. Cheeky bastard, I swear. But thank you so much...for everything."

David and the others smiled at her warmly, as David chuckled "You don't have to thank me. I had a blast too. And I was just looking out for my friend's well-being, no big deal"

Michelle playfully smacked his hand with a tear in her eye "No, David. Please, do NOT be modest. Not about this. You most likely saved my life tonight. I remember you saying that I was down to 33°C when I was at the worst of it. That is massively dangerous and possibly fatal if not addressed immediately, and you knew that. Most other men might've chosen to preserve my modesty at the risk of my life, but you didn't. You made a risky call without even worrying about getting in trouble for it, and it saved me from dying in this dirty bathroom. I need you to realize how profoundly I appreciate the choices you made...even if they were really embarrassing and quite naughty. I'm not ready to die yet, not even close. I can never repay you enough for saving me."

David, a slight tear in his eye as well, replied "Michelle, you don't have to repay me. Without sounding like too much of a randy wanker, I got all the payback I'll ever need and then some I assure you. I'll never forget our little fun time. I never imagined you of all people could be THAT expressive when being stimulated. That was hotter than anything I could've imagined. Don't you agree boys?"

All of the guys enthusiastically agreed, which sent a warm tingle through Michelle's spine and tummy. It gave her an odd feeling of butterflies, and somehow that pleasant feeling led to the next words out of her mouth....

With an uncharacteristically naughty-yet-bashful grin, Michelle addressed the boys "Well...since I am apparently susceptible to hypothermia, and we're in the middle of winter, perhaps...if it's the doctor's orders, of course...perhaps we could make this sort of warming up method our new camp ritual? Perhaps...doing this after every long ride? Only if our First Aider prescribes it, of course. These decisions are best left to experts, not me. I'd only be following medical orders, and I could never disobey such orders."

All of the boys looked at her with wide eyes....Michelle had just asked to do this every day from now on! David struggled to regain his voice as he replied "Um...yeah. Yeah! The First Aider does indeed prescribe full-body nude full-contact warming sessions on Michelle from now on. You know, for safety reasons."

Michelle squirmed bashfully, then looked at each of the boys in the eyes one after another before whispering "Seriously though, that...experience...you gave me at the end was so amazing. I've never felt the intimate touch of a man before, much less seven at once. I greatly underestimated how pleasurable such improper activities could truly be. I suspect that I may be...less resistant to these activities in the future, given the right circumstances and the right partners. But for the next few days...if I know THAT is waiting for me at camp every time, I'm going to start peddling twice as fast from now on."

Oliver chuckled "Milady, if I know touching you is waiting for me at camp, chaps are gonna mistake me for a motorcyclist."

Everyone laughed at Oliver's line. David then looked over at the male bicyclists, each sporting desperate-looking erections, and then he quickly looked away again and commented "Ok boys, enough is enough. Michelle's beauty on display is timeless, but I think your own nudity has long overstayed it's welcome. Go toss off in the toilet stalls and get dressed now if you all wouldn't mind."

Michelle's eyes lit up as she loudly called out "Wait!"

Everyone turned towards her as she blushed and wiggled awkwardly while slowly answering in a meek voice "Perhaps...instead of you all...doing that...in the stalls. Maybe...I could watch?" The boys' jaws all dropped, leading Michelle to quickly catch herself "I mean it's only fair! You all watched me. More than watched even. I think I've earned the privilege of watching seven handsome males performing for me."

Geoff, an expert at elementary-school-level math, noticed only five naked boys, and realized himself and David were included in Michelle's number. He repeated in a stunned voice "Um...seven?"

Michelle smiled at him "Seven. Yes. Surely you and my valorous hero aren't too bashful to join the rest of us in our natural state. I'd be quite saddened were any of you to abstain from allowing me to watch you demonstrate your masculine virility for me. I understand that not every girl is worthy of seven gorgeous men performing for her at once, but I had hoped that perhaps...I was?"

Geoff laughed "Oh you are, Chell. And I'm pretty sure you're quite aware of that."

David shook his head left and right with a smirk and replied "I honestly can't fault her logic. Alright boys, let's give the lady what she wants!"

Around a minute later, Rebecca and Lisa opened the men's room door again, this time shocked to see all seven guys on the team, bikers and support staff, buck naked with hard cocks in hand all standing and pointed towards the door and nude little Michelle propped up on her elbows on the towel facing them all with her legs open and breasts displayed for the men's viewing enjoyment. The guys all froze in shock and embarrassment at being caught by the two other women.

Michelle looked at the girls and meekly said "Um...doctor's orders?"

Lisa brashly walked into the men's room loudly declaring "Ok...THAT'S IT! Whatever you guys are doing, I want in!"

As Lisa reached down and jerked her shirt off in a single motion, the guys all gave her a thumbs up with their free hand. Lisa then turned behind her "You coming Rebecca?"

Rebecca's mouth dropped for a second, until finally she answered "I mean, there's no way that I'm going to be the only person left out of this! Gimme a second first, though."

Rebecca used the Sharpie in her pocket and a paper towel from the dispenser to write a crude sign she taped to the outside of the door with some medical tape from the first aid bag. The sign read "Out of order. No entry!"

Turns out those toilets were out of order for quite a long time....

As the ten teens finally exited much later, all fully clothed and glowing radiantly, Rebecca quietly whispered "So from now on, we don't do this in a filthy and smelly men's room."

The others replied in union "Agreed!"

The End.