                               Sweet Cunt

                       F/FF bd ds pett nosex cons

(C) 2005 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





I let out an approving moan, my mouth prised open with a dental
retractor.  One of my mistress's other slaves was enthusiastically
flicking her tongue against my nipple.  Part of me wanted to pull
away, but I didn't.  Sweet Cunt, our mistress named her.  It was
tattooed on her bare mons venus.  Mine still reads "Complete Slut."
I guess I never thought she'd leave me - this was only a few months
into our relationship - and my new mistress thinks it suits me anyway.
It looks like it'll be my name for life at this rate.

At the time, I guess Sweet Cunt and I were both living up to our
names.  I'd been caught going down on her the day before, and this
was our punishment, or whatever it was.  I knew I wasn't allowed to
eat out my mistress's other slaves, but I couldn't help myself.  She
kept us all in a constant state of arousal.  When I saw Sweet Cunt
grinning at me in that way that only she could, I couldn't take it
any more.  You'd understand if you ever met her.  Her whole face
would light up.  She had the most beautiful face, from her long,
curly, auburn hair to the freckles on her cheeks.  How was I supposed
to resist that?

As Sweet Cunt went back to circling her tongue around my areola, I
moaned again, trying to get just a little bit closer, but I couldn't.
We were dressed and restrained exactly the same as each other: dental
retractors forced our drooling mouths open; garter belts wrapped
around our hips; stockings encasing our legs and boots with impossibly
high heels made our feet ache.  Between the heels and Sweet Cunt's
tongue, I was having a hard enough time just keeping my balance.

Our outfits were completed by our single sleeves.  The D-rings at
their ends were padlocked to seperate chains, tethering us to ceiling
hooks that were slightly too far apart.  I couldn't get the sound
of the rattling metal out of my head, and if anything, it was turning
me on even more.  The chains were just long enough for us to lick
each other's nipples or approximate kissing each other, exploring
each other's mouths with our tongues.  In a way, that only made
things harder.

The only thing we couldn't do with our tongues, besides speak, was
go down on each other.  No matter how hard we tried, we could never
reach.  After a while, we gave up and resigned ourselves to just
licking each other's breasts and entwining our tongues together.
Just teasing each other, really.  At least, that's what we had decided
to do until our mistress got back.  We had no idea what she would
do when she returned.  She was a pretty unpredictable woman.

Not being able to orgasm was driving me insane, and I knew that Sweet
Cunt wanted me just as much as I wanted her.  I could smell her cunt
from where I was standing.

She stood upright, giving her tongue a rest.  As she moved her head
up, a string of saliva extended between us before finally snapping,
half of it hanging from her mouth and the other half sticking to my
naked breast.  It's funny the little details you remember.  It felt
cold, but the room was too warm anyway.

Sweet Cunt's exposed labia were glistening with precum.  Glancing
down, I could see that mine were the same, but I didn't really need
to check; I could already feel how wet I was.  I could even smell
both of us, that sweet smell.  Pulling my chain as far as it would
go, I leaned forwards and started to lick her breasts again.  They
were so well-formed that I didn't know whether to feel jealous or
lucky.  I should have thanked the stars to have such an attractive
slave to serve with, but in those days I was young and still worried
about my self image.

I adored everything about Sweet Cunt from those cute freckles and
that intoxicating grin to what I could see of her personality.  We
never got the chance to show that much of who we were inside, but
the little I did see, I loved.  The time we spent together in that
room that day - I never did find out how long it was - felt like an
eternity.

I went from licking her breasts to flicking my tongue rapidly against
her nipples again.  It was so frustrating.  I couldn't even think
straight.  One thought peroccupied my mind: when would I next be
able to taste that sweet cunt?
