                                 Sacred Prostitution
                                   By Lust 4 Life

It has been 15 months since her first period, and Rachel, daughter of an upper class 
family is about to inducted into the cult of the goddess of fertility, to work as a sacred 
prostitute, until she bears her first child. M+F preg.

Intro

Rachel was excited as her big day grew nearer. In two weeks it would be 15 months since 
her first period. Her flow was coming regularly now, once a month, just as it should, 
meaning she was a mature woman, ready for the first stage of induction into adult woman 
hood. The year, by our reckoning, was 500 BC, though of course this was not the 
calendar used by Rachels community, located in southern Europe. Rachel was a 
daughter of the upper class gentry and custom was that on the 15th monthly anniversary 
of her first period, she would be inducted into sacred prostitution in service of their 
goddess of fertility. She was to serve the goddess until she bore her first child, at which 
time she would be given in marriage to a suitable young gentleman.

The custom of sacred prostitution was revered in her community. It served several useful 
purposes. In return for helping raise the child of another, unknown man, her future 
husband was assured that his new wife was both fertile and experienced at pleasing him. 
The fact that the first born did not know who their father was helped to strengthen the 
community, binding it together to mutual benefit. The young women would work in the 
goddess bordello until they were clearly showing their pregnancy, at which time they 
would go back to their proud families until the birth. Having a daughter who had 
successfully served the goddess was an item of pride among the gentry of this 
community.

Rachel had several friends who had recently begun to serve the goddess. She did not see 
much of them anymore but they all told her how wonderful it was to feel a man fucking 
them. In preparation for the big day, Rachel had gone to the bazaar and found a beautiful, 
sexy dress: a flowing shear material, semi-transparent above to show off her breasts, 
opaque below, but with long slits up the sides to allow her to show off her legs. All in all, 
revealing enough to be sensual and enticing, but covering enough to add mystery and the 
hint of hidden delights. The night before the big day she bathed and prepared her hair.

Finally the big day arrived, the day of her induction into the service of the goddess and 
the real start of her journey into womanhood. The hours of the morning seemed to take 
forever to pass. After lunch she applied some expensive perfumes and makeup, selected 
some of her best jewelry, and donned her new dress. The special induction ceremony 
would begin late in the afternoon, but first she had to be shown around her new home and 
introduced. Another woman, Roselle, was to be her big sister, to look after her and help 
her fit in. Roselle also reviewed the basics with Rachel to be sure she understood. Rachel 
could feel spasms of anticipation in her pussy as Roselle explained about her cycle and 
fertility peak and conception. Using a model, she also gave Rachel an introduction to 
basic sexual techniques, how to please both herself and her man. Roselle explained about 
how to turn a man on, his responses, and ejaculation with his sperm shooting through his 
penis into her womb in an attempt at fertilization. Rachel felt herself getting wet in 
anticipation as Roselle explained how to get her own pleasure while riding a cock, how to 
move to increase her own stimulation.

Initiation

Finally it was time for the initiation. Roselle led Rachel into a room with soft pillows 
strewn about. Roselle told Rachel that her partner would arrive soon. He knew she was a 
virgin and had been selected especially for todays initiation. Roselle would remain in the 
room to provide any support Rachel needed. She told Rachel she could either leave her 
dress on and remove it when the man arrived, or remove it now and greet him naked. If 
youre comfortable, you might want to try doing a seductive dance while stripping for 
him  tease him a bit she suggested.

Rachel was both excited and nervous. She was definitely looking forward to this. She had 
been horny for at least a year and had been masturbating regularly for quite a while. She 
had often imagined what it would be like to feel a mans hard penis thrusting inside her. 
Finally the drapes parted and a handsome man of perhaps 25 wearing a loose fitting toga 
entered the room. Rachel, Id like you to meet Jason Roselle said. Jason approached 
Rachel, and taking her in his powerful arms, pulled her to him and kissed her. The feel of 
his hard body pressed against her, of being crushed in his strong arms sent shivers 
through her eager body. Soon Roselle suggested that Jason might enjoy watching Rachel 
remove her dress for him, to which Jason murmured agreement.

Rachel stood, flushing with excitement. This was it, she was going to finally experience 
the pleasures of a man and take the next step into womanhood. Stepping away from Jason 
who was now seated, she began to sway her hips and rotate her chest as Roselle had 
suggested. She turned and wiggled her ass at Jason. Now facing him, she tried to look 
seductively at him as she lowered her top off her breasts. She could see the lust in Jasons 
eyes and knew she was turning him on, making him want to fuck her and empty his load 
in her. Now she began to pull her dress down, exposing her belly, her waist, down to her 
hips so her pubic hair was just visible. She could see the hunger in Jasons eyes, his rapt 
attention, waiting to see her reveal the rest of her body. Finally she lowered her dress and 
let it drop to the floor, leaving her naked. Rachel was proud of her body. It had developed 
nicely as she matured into womanhood. Her breasts were already a nice size and she 
knew they would grow still bigger. She already had the hour glass figure of a mature 
woman, and a nice crop of pubic hair. She let Jason admire her body, the body he was 
about to possess, the body in which he would soon satisfy his lust. She turned, assuring 
him a good view of all of her charms from different angles. In turn, she noticed that his 
toga had developed a distinct bulge in his lap, accentuating his interest in what she was 
showing him.

Walking toward him, she asked, Do you like my body? Does it turn you on? Do you 
want to fuck me? Jason croaked out a yes, and reached out, placing his hands on her 
breasts. A shock immediately ran through her breasts, her body, and straight to her vagina 
where she felt a sudden increase in wetness. She had squeezed her own breasts many 
times, but had generated nothing like the stimulation that she was feeling under Jasons 
massaging hands. He squeezed and massaged them, sending a continual stream of 
sensation through her body. She felt her nipples hardening, her breasts flushing, her pussy 
getting wetter and knew her body was preparing to mate. Now she pushed the toga off 
Jasons shoulders and helped it slide to the floor. Looking down eagerly, she saw his 
penis, partially erect, pointing up from his nest of pubic hair, his balls nestled beneath.

With a trembling hand, she reached out and touched it, her first penis. At her touch it 
jumped with excitement. The view of this beautiful, hot woman, obviously eager to feel 
his cock inside her was having a tremendous effect on Jason. His body too was preparing 
to mate, to fuck this hot woman and blast his load into her. His cock was engorging with 
blood, his prostate was on overdrive preparing his semen to carry the sperm from his 
balls into her womb, and his balls were busy releasing mature sperm. While his body was 
preparing, in his mind Jason was just thinking how good it was going to feel to fuck this 
woman, to feel her wrapped around him, and then to shoot his load in her.

Now she wrapped her fingers around his shaft and felt it throb in her hand, getting harder, 
getting ready to slide up inside her. And then she felt a new, exquisite sensation as Jason 
moved one of his hands down to her already moist pussy. At his first direct contact, her 
pussy gushed, ensuring there would be plenty of lubrication to allow Jasons penis easy 
entry. As Jason gently massaged her mound and fingered her clit, her pussy lips flowered 
open, her lips engorging with blood and increasing their sensitivity. She was squirming 
her hips on his fingers, now coated with her juices, as she continued to gently squeeze his 
throbbing cock in her hand and began gently stroking up and down on it, making him 
swell until it was rigid and sticking straight up in the air.

Now Jason slipped a finger inside her cunt, massaging inside where his cock would soon 
be thrusting. Rachel gasped at the feeling, and with her other hand reached down and 
cupped Jasons balls, eliciting a groan of pleasure from him. They were both ready, their 
bodies eager to mate, to feel flesh engulfing flesh. Rachel looked over at Roselle who 
was smiling as she watched the two lovers turning each other on, taking each other to 
new heights.

Rachel knew it was time. She lay back and spread her legs in invitation for her mate. Her 
pussy lips opened on their own, in anticipation. I want you. I want you to fuck me. I 
want to feel that magnificent cock inside me she said. The sight was electrifying for 
Jason. His cock was rock hard, sticking straight out as he looked at this beautiful woman, 
legs spread, waiting for him, offering her body, her womb to him. As Rachel watched 
Jason crawling between her legs, she saw his engorged penis, a bead of pre-cum on the 
tip. Ive done this to him. Ive made a man so excited he has an erection just for me. 
And now he is going to fuck me she thought. She squirmed her hips in anticipation, in 
invitation to the approaching penis.

Now Jason was between her legs. He lay down on top of her and she felt his erection 
pressed along the furrow of her cunt, trapped between their bodies as he leaned down and 
kissed her. She ground her pussy against him, pressed her breasts against his chest as his 
tongue explored her mouth. Then he was rising up again and she watched as he brought 
his straining cock to the entrance to her vagina. The touch was electric, both the raw 
physical sensation, and also the knowledge that her pussy was for the first time feeling a 
mans erect penis, ready to mate with her. Im going to fuck you good. Im going to 
drive this into you until you scream and then Im going to shoot you full of sperm he 
said in a husky voice. And then he slipped the head between her open lips and into her 
virgin pussy. The feeling was terrific as he continued to work it in, making short strokes, 
back and forth, a little deeper each time. Then she felt him bump her hymen, the last 
barrier. She prepared herself, knowing it would hurt for a few moments when he tore 
through.

Jason made a few more short strokes, bumping her hymen, stretching it, and then with 
one strong push he was through. Rachel felt a sharp pain, as if someone had pinched her 
inside, and then she felt him sliding in deeper. His penis was stretching her virgin cunt as 
it continued to slip further into her. Finally she felt his pubic bone grind against hers, and 
his balls against her ass. And she knew he was all the way inside. They lay together for a 
few moments savoring the sensations, his cock throbbing, her pussy clutching at it as they 
both prepared for her first fuck. This is it. I have a mans cock all the way up inside me, 
ready to fuck me and shoot his baby juice in me. Jason leaned down and kissed her, their 
tongues exploring each others mouths. He filled her senses, his penis filling her vagina, 
his body pressed to hers, the feel and taste of his tongue in her mouth, his hot breath, the 
smell of sex.

And then she felt him withdrawing. The friction was great, but the emptiness was terrible. 
Looking down between them, she saw his shaft withdrawing, glistening now, wet with 
her juices. My juices. My pussy juices coating his cock. And then he was thrusting 
back in again, filling her. Oh my god, nothing she had ever done by herself compared to 
this. She was fucking, with a real male cock. She couldnt believe the sensations. Yes, 
yes. Oh that feels so good. Oh fuck me, fuck me good she cried as Jason thrust into her. 
On the side, Roselle smiled and started playing with herself as she watched the lovers 
thrusting at each other, driven by the needs of their bodies.

For a while, Rachel was lost in the sensations, the feel of Jasons cock stretching her 
passage, the friction of him sliding in and out, his heat, the feel of her hood rubbing over 
her clit as Jasons driving cock first pulled her skin down and then released it as he 
withdrew, the feel of his pubic bone grinding against hers, the feel of his balls slapping 
her ass, the feel of his hands massaging her breasts. And she began to thrust back up at 
her lover, meeting his strokes, trying to increase the sensations even more, and in the 
process urging her partner on. Jason was loving the feel of this tight virgin woman 
wrapped around his cock. Her excitement was a turn on, spurring him to drive harder into 
her. His cock was already leaking pre-cum into her receptive passage, adding to her 
lubricating juices. He could feel his sperm gathering at the base of his dick and he knew 
he was getting close, close to filling this woman with her first load of cum.

Rachel could feel an orgasm building, but this one felt different from any she had had by 
herself, this one felt like it was going to be enormous. She started thrusting her hips at her 
partner with abandon, trying to rub herself on his wonderful erection and cum on it. By 
now his penis was flying in and out of her, he was panting and moaning and she sensed 
he was close, close to erupting deep inside her, filling her with his seed. Now she felt his 
cock swelling in her, getting even larger, and suddenly Jason was groaning, holding 
himself deep inside her, pushing against her and she felt him throbbing inside her, a 
sudden spreading warmth, and she knew he was cumming, delivering her first load of 
male sperm deep inside her. And suddenly her pussy exploded, she felt like she was 
turning inside out as the most intense orgasm of her life hit her. Her pussy was throbbing 
wildly, milking Jasons cock, sucking each spurt of his sperm deeper inside her. Jason 
felt his cock pump burst after burst of his cream deep inside her. Finally their orgasms 
subsided and they lay together, enjoying the occasional throb of Jasons cock as he tried 
to push another few drops into Rachels pussy. She felt the warm wetness inside her of 
his deposit. Finally Jason pulled his deflated member from her sopping pussy. Her well 
fucked pussy gaped open, a small stream of semen visible, testament to the recent mating.

Wow girl! You were made for sex! That was hot! said Roselle from the side. Rachel 
giggled, Uhm, it was good. When do I get to do it again?

The Routine

Over the next several weeks, Rachel earned a reputation as both good looking and 
enthusiastic, which led to great popularity. She proved an adept pupil, learning the art of 
fellatio, and learning to please both her man and herself in many different positions. She 
learned to tell when a man was about to come, and how to urge him on, or slow him 
down.

As the weeks passed, Rachel got into a routine. She would rest in the morning and see 
customers during afternoon siesta or in the evening. She usually wore a light revealing 
outfit, or sometimes nothing at all. She loved her job (usually). It turned her on when a 
man entered and after surveying the women selected her. Knowing that the man found 
her the most desirable, that he wanted the opportunity to pump his sperm into her womb 
turned her on.

A typical encounter occurred one afternoon when Neil entered the house. He had been 
thinking about screwing one of the luscious young women in the temple for a while and 
was very horny. He had been there several times in the past, so he knew the game. He 
looked around the room, admiring the women, deciding who he wanted to fuck this 
afternoon, who he wanted to feel wrapped around his cock. Finally he met Rachels eyes. 
She gave him her most inviting smile, and spread her legs a bit so her short skirt rode up 
giving him a clear view of her pussy. Oh my he thought, This is it. Shes the one. As 
he approached her, Rachel stood and pressed her body to his, kissing him, and reaching 
down, groped his genitals. Then she led him toward her room. They both knew the deal 
here. He was here to satisfy his lust with the hot young woman of his choice (Rachel), 
and to have a shot at impregnating her when he emptied his load into her hot pussy. She 
was here to get pregnant, to play sperm roulette, satisfying her customers with her hot 
body, getting them to pump their hot sperm into her until one of them knocked her up.

Entering the room, she smiled at him and asked, Are you ready for some fun? as she 
quickly stripped off her clothes so that she stood naked for him to admire. She liked 
turning men on, the power she felt in seeing them get aroused by her. She ground her hips 
seductively, and squeezed her breasts with her hands. Neil quickly shed his tunic and she 
could see that she was already having the desired effect  his cock beginning to swell, 
getting ready for her. Now she approached him again, pressing her body against his, this 
time flesh to flesh, and began kissing him passionately as she felt his hands running over 
her body, his growing erection pressed against her pubic mound. Male and female, man 
and woman, naked, working each other into a mating frenzy. Both enjoying the moment, 
and the anticipation of greater pleasures to come.

Breaking the embrace, Rachel lay down on the cushions and beckoned Neil to her. 
Laying together, they ran their hands over each others bodies, backs, legs, ass, chest. The 
feel of a mans hands squeezing her breasts always turned Rachel on and got her pussy 
throbbing. Reaching down, she grabbed his now nearly erect manhood. She could feel its 
warmth as it continued to throb and grow in her hand. She stroked it gently, feeling it 
growing to its full stature. By now her juices were flowing both from the physical 
stimulation from Neil and from the knowledge that this hard prick was ready to sink 
home in her pussy to bring them both pleasure. Now she felt his fingers at the entrance to 
her wet pussy, running up and down the lips, spreading them for penetration, and then his 
finger slid inside. She gasped, and jerked against him, loving the feeling. She continued 
stroking his cock, as he worked his finger in her pussy. Now she moved around so she 
could suck his cock, being careful to keep her pussy where he could continue to work on 
it.

She began licking the sides of his cock, then lowered her mouth over it, making him gasp 
as she bobbed up and down on it, swirling her tongue around it. After a few minutes, she 
moved to licking and nibbling his balls. Returning to his penis, she again lowered her 
head. Now she could taste his pre-cum oozing from the tip. She knew he was primed and 
ready for her, eager to sink into her. And she was burning up, she needed more than just 
his finger in her pussy. Lifting her head, she looked him in the eyes. I want you. I want 
you to fuck me with that big cock of yours she said in a husky voice. I want to feel you 
shooting your hot juice in me. I want you to make me pregnant, make my belly swell 
with your baby.

And she lay back, spreading her legs in invitation, the female ready for a male to mount 
her. She was ready, her body at a fever pitch in its anticipation. Her breasts swollen, 
nipples hard, heart pounding, pussy lips engorged, sensitive, and spread open in 
invitation, pussy overflowing with her lubrication. Looking at her partner, she could tell 
he too was ready. His eyes were filled with lust, his penis was swollen stiff and hard, 
pointing proudly to the sky, pre-cum oozing from the slit. She knew that in moments she 
was going to enjoy the delicious feeling of his shaft sliding into her fucking her, and 
finally throbbing inside her as he pumped his juice from his balls deep inside her. She 
was about to ride this mans cock and possibly bear his child. Again looking him in the 
eyes, she moaned, Come on. Put that in me. I cant wait. Ive got to have you.

Neil moved between her legs and lowered his cock to her slit. She was so wet and open 
that his cock naturally slid right into her opening. As soon as she felt the head between 
her lips, Rachel wrapped her legs around Neil, pulling him into her. His cock slid easily 
into her well lubricated passage and he continued to slide in until they were joined as 
closely as possible, his cock head just touching her cervix, bodies pressed together. They 
were both moaning with delight. 

Their bodies began thrusting at each other, desperately, almost automatically. Their 
animal reproductive instincts had taken over, driving them on. They thrashed against each 
other, hard cock sliding in and out of wet pussy, her pussy gripping his cock, milking it, 
each driving the other on. Feeling Rachel respond to him, hearing her gasping in pleasure 
drove Neil on to fuck her harder, in turn increasing his own excitement. Rachel could feel 
Neils excitement growing as his thrusting increased. Knowing she was turning him on, 
driving him toward release in turn excited her, made her thrust back against her partner, 
urging him on to even greater efforts.

She could feel her orgasm building, getting closer, and she could tell Neil was getting 
close, his sperm churning in his balls for release. She wanted to feel him throbbing inside 
her, filling her with his seed. Come on baby, give it to me. Dont hold back. I want to 
feel you cumming in me. Her words rang in Neils ears. He could feel the tension 
building at the base of his penis and knew he was about to floor her insides. Oh yes. Oh 
you make me want to cum. Im gonna fill you up!

Rachel was right on the edge, she needed just a bit to push her over the edge when she 
felt his driving penis start to swell inside her for his last few strokes. She looked him in 
the eyes, letting him know she was ready, and suddenly his cock pulsed hard in her and 
Neil drove against her, pressing the head against the entrance to her womb. She felt his 
first jet of sperm wash over her, coating her insides and her orgasm washed over her. 
Ah, Take it, Oh, Im cumming in you! cried Neil. She pulled him to her, holding him as 
deeply in her as she could as she rocked on his penis, feeling it pulsing inside her, 
shooting stream after stream of his juice into her eager pussy. Oh-h she moaned, 
Thats it. Empty your balls in me. Give it all to me!

Finally their orgasm subsided and they lay locked together, both feeling the warm glow 
and tingle that follows good sex. Finally Neil withdrew his now shriveled penis, 
glistening with both of their juices, and picking up his tunic, thanked her and left. Rachel 
lay languidly, feeling the delicious new wetness in her pussy. She ran her hand along her 
pussy lips and then sniffed her fingers, smelling the now familiar order of a mans sperm.

First Timers

One of Rachelles special treats was when she got to introduce a boy to sex. Sometimes a 
boy would come by himself or with a friend, but more often, his father would bring him. 
The boys were typically about her age, full of hormones and eager for their first 
experience. To them, she was the experienced woman, showing them how to pleasure a 
woman and themselves.

The boys were all nerve endings, hormones, and excitement, so she had to be careful not 
to over stimulate them or they would cum before even entering her. She would strip first, 
revealing her young womans body to the boy, his for the taking. This was enough to give 
most of the boys a raging hard on right there. She always enjoyed the look of complete 
awe, almost worship in the boys eyes as they looked at her naked body. She would waste 
no time with preliminaries, she lay down, spread her legs in wanton invitation, and then 
help guide the boys penis to her vagina. He would usually begin a rapid fucking and 
within a minute or two she would see his eyes get wide, hear him gasp, and then feel his 
penis throbbing and bucking, followed by the delicious gooey warmth inside her as he 
came. She would hold him while he recovered his composure.

Now with the edge taken off, she would start to teach him technique. This was no 
problem as the boys could get hard again within minutes, especially with her stimulation. 
And this time they could usually last a little longer, giving her time to help them practice 
different techniques.

The Experienced Mentor

After several months, Rachel was one of the experienced women at the temple. She had 
watched several of the other women, including her original mentor Roselle, start swelling 
with pregnancy and then proudly return to their families. Now it was her turn to act as 
mentor for new women just entering the temple.

One day she learned that a new woman, Joline would soon be inducted and that she was 
to be Jolines mentor. Rachel made sure Jolines new quarters were ready for her, 
instructed Joline when to arrive and a general idea of what to expect. Then she had to 
select Jolines first partner, the man who would introduce her to sex. After considering 
several of her favorite customers, Rachel settled on Neil. He had been back several times 
since that first encounter and had proven to be a skilled and passionate lover. Neil readily 
agreed.

On the appointed day, Joline arrived after lunch as instructed, and much as Roselle had 
done for her, Rachel reviewed the basics of reproduction. She also used the model to 
illustrate sensitive areas on a man, and his arousal reactions. She also discussed how to 
turn a man on and how to get her own pleasure from a man, explaining the parts of the 
female anatomy and how they responded to stimulation. Joline was definitely interested, 
and excited, but also a bit more shy than Rachel had been. She encouraged Joline to 
remove her clothes, and just lie naked on the pillows, getting used to being nude and 
showing off her body. To help make her more comfortable, Rachel removed her robe as 
well. She instructed Joline to be ready to go to Neil and greet him when they were 
introduced.

Soon Neil entered, wearing a light, short tunic. Rachel introduced them, Joline, this is 
Neil, a regular customer here and one of my favorites. Neil, this is Joline, she is joining 
the temple today. I hope you two can satisfy each other. She watched as Joline, 
blushing, stood, and approached Neil, tentatively meeting his body with hers and looking 
up at him for a kiss. Neil responded by taking her in his arms and kissing her 
passionately, causing her to melt into his arms, her naked body flowing against his. 
Rachel watched them exploring each others mouths with their tongues, Neils hands 
running over Jolines back and ass.

Soon Neil broke the clinch and shrugged off his tunic, letting it drop to the floor so that 
he was standing naked in front of Joline. Rachel could see that his cock was already a bit 
swollen in anticipation. Rachel saw Joline look down at his cock, and tentatively reach 
out to touch it, to wrap her hand around it. As she did this, Neil reached out and began to 
massage her breasts causing Joline to gasp slightly. She was now stroking his cock lightly 
as Rachel had instructed and she could see that it had hardened up invitingly in Jolines 
hand, letting her know she was exciting him. The two now returned to kissing as their 
hands explored each others bodies. Neil had reached down and was massaging Jolines 
mound, her clit, and then sliding a finger inside her. Rachel could catch glimpses of it and 
saw that it was glistening. Joline was obviously wet, her body preparing itself to accept 
Neils cock. Now Joline dropped her other hand and cupped Neils balls, running her 
fingers over them as Rachel had instructed her.

Finally Neil managed to break away from their kissing and tell Joline, I think its time. I 
want to fuck you. Lay down here. Joline moved away, shyly, and lay down on the 
pillows, looking up at Neil, at his erect penis which was soon going to enter her eager 
body on its mission of reproduction. As she spread her legs, Rachel could see her 
moisture glistening on her pussy lips, her lips engorged and flared open, inviting and 
ready. Neil was on his knees, his cock straining out from his body, eager to plunge into 
Jolines waiting pussy. The sight of this couple about to mate was intensely stimulating 
for Rachel and she slipped her hand down to her pussy. She was not surprised to find that 
she too was wet and her finger slid easily along her lips.

As she watched, Neil brought the head of his engorged penis to Jolines pussy lips and 
rubbed it up and down, lubricating it with her juices and further spreading her lips. Then 
she saw the head disappear. She watched as Neil pushed in using a series of little strokes, 
a bit deeper each time until about a third of the way in he stopped just as Rachel saw 
Joline wince. He had hit her hymen! A few more strokes and his cock would be nestled 
inside her, ready to deliver Jolines first load of baby juice in her fertile pussy. Neil 
pushed harder against Jolines hymen, once, twice, then with a final hard push he was 
through and his cock suddenly slid most of the way in. A couple of more thrusts and their 
bellies met. Neils cock was now all of the way up in Jolines pussy. The rested together 
for a few moments while Joline got used to the new feeling.

Soon Neil started to withdraw. Rachel could see that his cock now glistened with Jolines 
moisture. He began a steady fucking motion, his cock plunging in, then pulling out of 
Jolines pussy. Rachel heard their bodies slapping together, heard the liquid squishing 
sound of cock sliding in pussy, their moans as the sensations overwhelmed them and 
drove them on. Her own pussy spasmed as she thought of Joline, feeling her first cock, 
knowing she was about to take her first load. The couple were really going at it now, 
oblivious to everything but their need for each other. Rachel knew their bodies were 
getting ready, Neils body was preparing to blast his baby juice into Joline in an attempt 
to impregnate her with his seed, Jolines body was urging her partner on and preparing to 
receive his offering.

Rachel could tell from his rapid thrusting and motions that Neil was getting close. Then 
she saw him jam his hips against Joline, his back arching, his butt clenching, and she 
knew that deep inside Joline his cock was spurting out his juice. She saw Jolines eyes go 
wide as she realized what was happening and felt the liquid warmth inside. Finally Neil 
relaxed and after a few minutes, he withdrew his now deflated cock, a strand of sticky 
cum stretching from it to Jolines pussy for a moment. After watching the show, Rachel 
knew she had to go find some male satisfaction for herself!

