Cammie had leant Drew a warmer coat before she stuffed her into the truck and down what was little more than a clear dirt track toward her sister's house. She wasn't exactly dreading supper, but she wasn't looking forward to it either. Really, she would have been perfectly happy if Drew and Annie never had to meet. It would make her life significantly less stressful. As they bounced over the vaguely frozen ground, Cammie turned to Drew. "It would probably be best if you tried not to talk about politics over supper."

"I promise I'll be polite," Drew said, squeezing Cammie's hand as she leaned in for a little kiss. They had ended up taking a long nap together, and it had been incredibly nice just to wake up and laze. It certainly put Drew in a very good mood going into dinner. "But it's freezing out here, so can we go in?"

"Yeah, of course." Cammie opened the front door and called out, "Hey guys, it's just me." She smiled when she heard the ensuing stampede and braced herself as her youngest nephew slammed face first into her legs, but he was only using her to change directions as he slid off down a side hallway, one of her other nephews on his tail. She got a "Hey, Aunt Cam," before he too disappeared, completely ignoring Drew. "Those were Jake and Caleb. Caleb's the younger one," she laughed as she explained.

"Nice kids..." Drew said, looking after them. "Uh...from what I saw of them..." Family made her nervous. Her own was just as dysfunctional as anyone else's, but she always started to compare.

"They're starting to feel cooped up, I think." She took Drew's hand and squeezed it. "Annie'll be in the kitchen and Hal and Daniel should be in soon." She led Drew through the house and into the kitchen. "Hal's Annie's husband and Daniel is their oldest." She stepped into the kitchen just as Annie was pulling some biscuits from the stove. "Hey, Annie." Cammie stole one the biscuits and tossed it between her hands until it cooled. "This is Drew Crawford. Drew, this is my sister Annie." She made the introduction and hoped that the room wouldn't explode.

"It's nice to meet you...you have a lovely home," Drew said as she smiled and held out her hand. She'd barely seen it, but it was the polite thing to say. Her mother had drilled little platitudes like that into her head.

"Thank you. You too." Annie frowned slightly as she shook Drew's hand. She might love her sister, but that didn't mean that she approved of everything that she did or everyone that she brought home. She wasn't sure what sort of name Drew was for a woman, but she knew that the world was a lot bigger than her ranch. "The roast should be done in a minute, assuming that you don't steal it out of the oven first," she scolded Cammie, looking pointedly at the biscuit she was eating.

Drew watched the exchange silently. She had a step-brother who was already in high school when her parents married, an adult by the time she was born. She didn't really get siblings, which added to her uneasiness. But she simply put on a smile. "Is...there anything I can do to help?"

"Oh, it's just a matter of waiting now." And Annie wasn't sure that she could trust someone named 'Drew' in her kitchen. "Cammie tells me that you work together in DC?" She wiped her hands and sat at the kitchen table to wait for Hal and Daniel. She could hear Caleb and Jake running around, but if anything happened, one of them would scream. She smiled tightly as Cammie pulled out a chair for Drew and then took a seat of her own.

"Not...together per se, but yes...I," Drew paused, wondering if that hadn't exactly been the right answer. Cammie had said no politics, but this wasn't really politics. It was just the barest details of her life. "I'm the chief of staff for another congresswoman."

"Anyone I might know about?" Annie could just see Hal through the window as she tried to make conversation. She wasn't exactly sure what she and Drew might have to talk about, but Cammie would appreciate it if she tried to be polite. That was why she had invited them to dinner in the first place.

"Uh..." Drew glanced to Cammie to see if she was treading on thin ice. But she couldn't really just refuse to answer the question. She supposed she could say "no" but that wasn't really what was expected. "Taylor Hamilton, the congresswoman from New York."

"Of course." Annie's smile became tight. She was almost certain that Cammie had some sort of crush on the other congresswoman and she wondered if this was just her way of getting closer to the other woman or conversely, something that Taylor Hamilton had set up to embarrass Cammie. "Well, I should get the roast out." Hal's feet on the back porch saved her from trying to say anything else.

Drew sucked in a breath and held it there for a long moment. She turned to Cammie and raised her eyebrows, silently asking what she'd done wrong. Because it was obvious from the way Annie reacted that she had definitely said the wrong thing.

Cammie just waved Drew off, not wanting to get into it with either Drew or Annie. "Why don't you let me do that, and you can go get the kids?" Cammie pulled on over mitts and took the roast from Annie before she sat it down. If Annie's "Alright," was slightly skeptical, she ignored it. Cammie sighed when Annie stepped out of the kitchen. "She's convinced that Taylor's plotting to out me or something." She shook her head tiredly and started cutting the roast.

Drew shook her head, chuckling softly. "Taylor's the one who told me--in her way--that I should come out here," she said as she stood. The roast smelled amazing, and Drew realized she was already salivating just at that. "Believe me...there is no secret plot to out you. If there was...I'd get to sleep a hell of a lot longer in the mornings."

"I know." Cammie snuck a quick kiss, knowing that Annie wouldn't appreciate walking in on something like that. "She's just certain that one day I'm going to wake up and realize that I like men after all and that this has all been some terrible phase."

Shaking her head, Drew leaned against the counter and simply watched as Cammie began to carve the roast. She couldn't remember the last time she'd eaten a home cooked meal that wasn't in the form of takeout or some other frozen something. "Do the kids know?"

"I haven't told them, but Daniel knows. Caleb and Jake probably don't give it much thought." Cammie smiled as she thought about them. "If it isn't covered in dirt or slime or snow, they're not particularly interested."

"Ew." Drew made a face. She'd never liked boys...even as a child. And conjuring the images of boys with slime on their hands was just disgusting. "Not before dinner, okay?" She leaned in for a kiss, letting it linger a little longer than Cammie's last.

"Yeah." Cammie pulled away when she heard the door open and suddenly the room was full of two very solid men, or at least they looked like men, even if Daniel was only 15.

"Hi," Drew said as the men looked back and forth between them. She took a step back, increasing the distance. "I'm Drew," she said as she offered her hand. "And I'm pretty sure you already know Cammie."

"I'm Hal." His hand practically swallowed Drew's. "Welcome to Silver Pines. And yeah, Cammie and I have met a couple of times." He chucked as he clapped Daniel on the back and pointed down the hallway to an empty bathroom. "Go wash up." He did the same in the kitchen sink.

"Thanks," Drew murmured as she sank into a chair again. Well, it was at least a little warmer of a welcome than Annie had given her, and Drew felt a little better about that. She squeezed Cammie's hand briefly and only got a breath before dinner really started.

*****

When dinner was over and the boys were crowded around the tv, along with Cammie, trying to outdo each other at various sports on the wii, Drew found herself wandering into the kitchen. It was probably the worst idea, as Annie seemed to have been tense all through dinner, but Drew found herself eager to try to smooth whatever ruffles she'd made over...for Cammie's sake. She didn't want to think about the rest of her reasoning. "Let me help you with those dishes..."

"Oh, you really don't need to do that." Annie's smile was terse as Drew joined her at the sink and started drying dishes. She didn't really know what to make of Drew, and she had spent most of dinner just tying to find something neutral to talk about, but she didn't know why the other woman insisted on imposing herself, even if she was trying to be helpful.

"Really, it's the least I can do." Drew swiped the thick towel over a plate and put it on the rack with the others. This had been a mistake, but there was no turning back now. "You and Cammie have got...really nice places out here," she said, trying not to sound desperate for neutral conversation.

"Thank you." Annie started wiping down the counter tops. "I hate that she's gone so much, but it's part of the job, I guess." She was immensely proud of Cammie, but she was sure that Drew had met much more important people than the one congresswoman from Wyoming. "I just wish she wasn't out there all alone."

The response was heartfelt to a degree, but Drew prickled at it slightly. She turned her body to Annie, looking up to her, as she was a little taller than her sister. "It can be lonely work...but Cammie's not all alone."

"Oh, I'm sure she has all sorts of friends in DC, but that isn't really the same as having someone special." Annie kept wiping, not looking at Drew. "I just wish she would find someone that she could settle down with, get married. I'd love to have a couple of nieces or nephews to run around with my boys."

Drew straightened and put down the towel as she pursed her lips into a thin line. She knew her cheeks were turning red, as well as her neck and chest. She knew her anger was completely obvious, but she had a feeling that Annie really didn't give a damn. "Cammie told me that you knew she's not interested in men," she managed.

"Oh, that's just what Cammie says." Annie turned to look at Drew, crossing her arms. "But she'll get over that and do what's right." Annie was certain of that. This thing with women was just a phase, even if that did sound clichéd. "I wouldn't get too attached, if I was you."

Rather than blow up, Drew took a step back. She was already, she realized, attached. If she hadn't been attached, she wouldn't be there. But this wasn't her fight. It was her home or her place to say anything to Annie. "I think you're wrong," she said, clenching her shaking hands. "Excuse me." And with that, she turned on her heel.

Annie could only shake her head as Drew left. She was only trying to warn her of the inevitable. It wasn't her fault if that was something that Drew didn't want to hear.