I am Preeti Mohan. I am 21 years old. I am 5'5" tall with big breasts and big swaying ass. Fair color. I have firm breasts and I am very proud of those globes. They make every male look at me twice. I have good figure 36-26-36. I Have light brown color pointed nipples with big areola.
This happened when I just finished my graduation and was heading for my masters. We (my sister and I) are extremely good looking. My sister got married to Nizar (a muslim guy) who is very handsome. Actually it was a love marriage. Initially my parent was against of this marriage but later they accept it. They stay in Cochin. My M.S entrance was in Cochin so I reached the place a few days before. Nizar stay here with his younger brother Sadiq. That night, I was preparing for my exam and I was studying. It was about 10:30 pm and quite & calm outside. After a while, I heard some creaking noise from their bed room. I switched off the TV and sat quietly on the sofa next to their bedroom door. My Brother-in-law was making love to my sister (34-32-36 her stats). I quickly understood what was going on and thought of getting out of their privacy range. But, it was night and it was a small apartment there wasn't any choice left. I slowly walked up to the wooden partition that was separating the bedroom from the hall and their love making sounds became quite clear now. Their bedroom was dark but the dim blue night lamp was good enough to see them.
His hands were stretched out over both her breasts. He began lifting up on the bottom of her bra, trying to pull it up. My sister reached around behind her back and unhooked it for him and it fell away in his hands. He looked at her full, soft breasts. Creamy white, firm with erect nipples. My sister bent over a little, her beautiful breast wavering only inches from his mouth. He instinctively licked his lips, then placed his mouth softly over her nipple and areola. My sister gasped lightly as he took it into his mouth. She placed her hand on the back of his head, holding his mouth against her bosom. Meanwhile, she continued to rub her crotch against the bulge in his pants. She was already so excited and her clitoris swollen from rubbing against his erection.
As he suckled liked an infant, his right hand moved slowly from her other breast toward the elastic of her sweats. He moved it gently over the soft bulge between her legs. He pressed a little harder, which solicited a gasp from My sister's mouth. He pulled his hand back and slid it into her sweats, but over the silky softness of her panties. He stroked her for many minutes, at the same time switching his mouth back and forth between her breasts. Finally, he pulled his hand back and slid it into her underwear. He had no trouble sliding two fingers into the mouth of her vagina.
"Hmm... Aaoo.. ." she moaned in a whisper.
He worked his fingers slowly back and forth into her vagina, each time he penetrated deeper. My sister arched herself back away from him, allowing him to pull down her sweats and panties all at once. She then twisted around on the bed, slipping out of the remainder of her clothes. She lay facing him, naked. His shirt was partly unbuttoned; a situation which she soon remedied. He pulled her bare breasts against his chest and he began to kiss her passionately. Their tongues were clashing and their hands were moving furiously through each other's hair. He pushed her to her back and she wrapped her legs around his hips. He rubbed the bulge in his pants against her like he was already deep inside her. My sister was being overwhelmed by the speed and force with which he was grinding against her and she suddenly exploded in tremendous waves of pleasure.
"Oh oh oh, oh ... I'm... ooh... I'm coming!" she cried in his ear. Her hips and ass thrust about wildly as he pressed into her with all his energy.
After a few seconds, the heat was flushed out of her system and she collapsed for a few minutes. He slid off of her and lay his head on her breasts, gently suckling like he had been before he became so aggressive.
My sister ran her fingers softly through his unruly brown hair. He turned from her bosoms to look into her eyes.
He smiled back and kissed her softly on the lips. He moved down and softly nuzzled her breasts before continuing his downward journey. His mouth slipped past her navel and began to kiss the top part of her soft, brown, pubic triangle. She spread her legs slowly as his mouth moved down completely over her wet mound of Venus. The tip of his tongue slid down partway into the cleft of her labia at the top. She shuddered as it darted around her clitoris. He wrapped his arms under and then over her thighs, which helped her hold her legs apart. He slid his tongue down all the way to her inner labia, sliding it gently into her vagina. His lips came to press fully against her genitals, his tongue at least two inches inside of her. My sister was rolling her hips and ass as well as arching her back and head, as she moaned his name softly.
As My sister ran her fingers over his head, holding it between her legs, he pulled one hand back and slid one finger deep into her vagina. He pulled it out a few seconds later and slowly, but in time to his licking, began to move that finger back and forth into her anus. My sister felt electricity shoot up her spine as he touched this forbidden part of her anatomy. After a short time, his finger was all the way up inside her rectum, moving in time to the massaging movements of his tongue and mouth on her genitals. She felt the pressure of another orgasm building within her loins. Slowly she rocked her hips, keeping her actions as tender as possible.
"Oh, oh, please... "She cried, softly. "Oh, oh, yes... "She fell into a short sleep.
The erection in his pants was straining. They lay together, letting their passions cool again. She had her head on his chest and was gently stroking his erection through his pants. She unbuttoned his pant and slid down the zipper. He lifted his hips and she pulled them off. The bulge in his underwear excited her again. She rubbed the cotton cloth of his briefs before she reached her fingers under the elastic and pulled them down past his socked feet. She lay beside him. He began to suck her breast again as she wrapped her hand around the length of his circumcised penis of about 9 inches long and 3 inches thick and started to stroke it back and forth. She pulled away from his mouth as she moved hers down toward the head of his erection. Gently she took it into her mouth. She wrapped a hand around the base of his penis and lightly squeezed. His head became swollen and then she took it into her mouth again, this time she took it all the way to her throat.
On the other hand I realized that I was sweating lightly on the forehead and my palms have become hot and my legs were shivering... I was horny by then curiously watching live sex.
"Uh... ohh, Darling... ohh. Honey... ohh... that feels so wonderful... "he moaned softly to her. She moved her mouth up and down on his erection. She began to quicken the pace. He was tightening his hip, buttock, and thigh muscles as she sucked on him. His breathing was becoming more rapid.
"Darling... I... I'm going to... uh!" he called tenderly. "It's too much... uh. I've never been this far... you'd better... uh... stop... or I'll... uh... OH!" It was too late, he began to come. His hips and thighs shook as the semen rose in his genitals and his prostate gland tightened. Then he was throbbing. My sister let his organ slip out of her mouth as the first wave came... a hot white gush of sperm ejaculated onto her cheek before she could get it back in her mouth, then she began bobbing her head up and down. Five more loads squirted from his erection before his supply was
depleted, though it continued to throb for several dozen more times. She swallowed all that came into her mouth, ignorant of everything but the passion his climax made her feel.
"Oh Darling... "He was crying. She climbed up and wrapped herself around him and caressed him.
He stood up and went across to where My sister had thrown his pants. She rolled slowly onto her back with him riding her. His erection seemed to naturally slip into her vagina. My sister spawled herself out as he slid his hands under and over her shoulders to hold more firmly onto her. He slowly pushed himself into her mound, stopping every so often to pull back and then thrust deeper into her again. Soon he was moving rythmically back and forth inside of her.
"Ohh... .uhh... you're so wonderful... "she moaned, caressing his back with her hands.
Their mouths were locked in a passionate kiss, her tongue darting in and around his mouth. His chest was pressing against her breasts, flattening them against her chest. She continued to raise her hips against him whenever he would thrust into her. Finally, one time, her struck her cervix lightly and she gasped in pleasure. She felt another powerful orgasm coming on.
My sister was the first to achieve a orgasm. He was hitting her cervix frequently now and she was trying to hold back the screams of pleasure. Her legs wrapped around him as she began to squeeze his body, but then they unwrapped so she could lift her hips and buttocks up against him. She was pounding against his strength.
"Ayyo, Amme......!" She cried as gently as possible. "I'm coming... I'm coming... ohh... uhh... please... yes... "
He could feel her vagina contracting against his penis. Her tightening body and passionate words made him need to thrust only a few more times.
"Urrr... uhh! Oh, Darling... Darling!" Again, hoarse whispers of passion as he reached his second orgasm of the night "Oh Darling... I... I... "The hot semen and sperm gushed out of the head of his prick into the her choot. "Darling. I LOVE YOU!" he cried and continued thrusting as the last few drops of his passion spurted into the choot. He then slowly lay himself against her, where he held her for a few seconds in a kiss, then he withdrew his penis from her mound and lay gently at her side. "I love you too, she said to him softly as they both fell asleep in each other's arms... 
By this time I was feeling like a horny bitch. My panty was all wet by the time. I was taken aback when I felt two hands one my hips and ass. I turned my face and found Sadiq smiling at me. Later Sadiq fucked me in the same night. But that I will tell you in second part if I will get good response. Bye
Suddenly, Sadiq grabbed me from behind, and put his hand on my throat.
"Preeti I love you "he said, in a frightening voice.
He was so sweet, rubbing my back kissing my neck making sure I was ok. I did all I could to make myself feel better, I knew what I wanted and I was sure he wanted it too. Silently, Sadiq reached to the top button of my dress, and unbuttoned it.
"Please don't do like this, Sadiq. Some one may see us.!" I said.
"Come on, it's only a game." he said.
I sat motionless on the bed. He moved to the front of me, then pushed me down into a laying position. Ok, I had thought to myself, 'let's see how far this goes.'
He reached for the second button, and slowly unbuttoned it. He continued, until the dress was completely unbuttoned. I could feel the coolness of the air brushing against the small line of now exposed skin between the flaps of my dress. I was becoming more frightened, and more excited, the tingling became more intense. Slowly, he slid his hands inside of my dress, parting the material. Beneath the dress I was wearing a small bra, which, because of my size, wasn't covering much, and a pair of white cotton panties. The cool air was taking it's toll on my nipples, which were hardening under the strain of the flimsy bra.
I looked up at Sadiq. He had this weird look on his face. His hand moved to my heaving breast. He gently caressed the rock hard nipple with his palm. It felt incredible, like an electric shock through my body. I moaned. He then removed my dress and bra, but left my panties on. He took the nipple of my left breast between his thumb and forefinger, pinching it slightly. I bit my lip in pain, but, didn't cry out. Sadiq moved his lips to my right breast, taking my nipple into his mouth. I had never felt this way before. There was a burning between my legs, one that seemed to get worse every moment that passed. His hand moved to the softness of my stomach, his finger toying at my belly button, which protruded slightly. Then his hand moved lower, to the waistband of my panties. His hand slid beneath them, down to my hairless cunny. He slid his finger over my small opening, gently massaging the soft petals of my cunny lips.
Playing with myself was nothing new for me. It was a way of passing the time when I was alone. But, with Sadiq touching the spot that had only previously been touched by me was even more exciting. I felt his finger part my small petals to my tight little hole. His finger darted in and out, but, it was just too tight for him and then, with a quick snatch, he had removed my panties.
Sadiq then got on me, with a leg on each side of me. He outstretched his arms to my shoulder, caressing me from my arms, to my breasts, then sliding off the end of the bed, moving down my body to my ankles. He slowly moved his tongue to my ankle, then licking upward, worked his way up my leg, to the inner part of my thigh, finding my pussy open to his attack.
I felt that I was losing my mind. My hips gyrated to each move of his tongue. He licked my small hole, down as far as he could, then moved upward once again. He darted his tongue to the entry of my pussy, gaining a little. Then I came. He moved from the bed. I heard the rustle of clothes, and I presumed he was getting undressed. I was right because a while later he joined me once more. What I saw in front of me was the most beautiful cock I had ever seen. It was fully erect and a good 10 inches long. He moved to where my head was, brushed the hair that was sticking to my cheek away, then placed his dick close to my mouth.
"Open your mouth." he said.
Obediently, I opened my mouth. There was a clear fluid coming from the head, which tasted salty, but, not too unpleasant.
"Suck on it." he commanded.
I closed my lips around the head of his cock. He pushed forward, slipping his shaft into my mouth. I sucked hard, but, was careful not to bite him. Several times he thrust himself deeply, almost choking me. He continued to move in an in and out motion. I felt him getting harder, his dick throbbing in my mouth. He moved his hand to my breast, massaging it gently. I continued to suck.
When he came, it was a surprise. I felt the hot sticky liquid shoot to the back of my throat. I felt myself gagging, but fought desperately not to let it show. I was exhausted, feeling my arms and legs aching. Sadiq pulled his now limp cock from my mouth. I laid back on the bed.
He moved to the side of the bed and picked me up, carrying my limp, exhausted body to his room. He laid me on his bed. I rolled over onto my back and pulled him on top of me. Sadiq moved between my legs and positioned the head of his magnificent cock between my swollen lips. I was so turned on that my cunt seemed to grab his cock and pull him inside. Shit, I've never been so full of cock in my life, I thought, as I looked down and realized that Sadiq was only half inside me. He pulled back slowly and than slammed his cock all the way inside my juicy cunt again. That threw me over the edge again as my body was wracked by another powerful orgasm. "Ohh fuuuuuck. I'm... oo noo, "I moaned as the power of his cock overcame me. Sadiq began to jackhammer my pussy like this was his last fuck of his young life. I had never had anyone make love to me like this before and I couldn't stop cumming as his powerful cock kept slamming into me.
I wrapped my arms and legs around his hard body. He began pumping his gorgeous cock in and out of my cunt. Sadiq fucked me to a wonderful orgasm.
Sadiq rolled over on my stomach and entered me from the rear. He slapped me on the ass and told me to move my hips. He fucked me harder than Jeff had, and it hurt a little. Then, suddenly, he pulled apart the cheeks of my ass and plunged his dick up into my bowels. I screamed in agony and tried to pull away from him, but he held me firmly in place and fucked my ass. After the initial pain receded I realized that I liked it, and I started moving my hips against his. Sadiq drove his cock in and out of my ass, and we both came at the same time, Sadiq shooting his wad deep into me.
It was a "unique" night for Sadiq and I. Which led to many other games. More to come... but depend on the feedback