Sticky Vicky Story - A Leg Man's Atonement

My hands were on either side of Vicky's head, intertwined with her hair.  The bedroom was somewhat darkened, and I could see the outline of her face.  I had orally brought Vicky to orgasm twice before I entered her. She moaned with pleasure as I slowly thrust inside her, and I savored every second of the experience.  She puckered her lips in a pouty supermodel-pose expression.  I lightly brushed my lips on hers.  It is so erotic to do that.  After a moment of this, I felt the tingling buzzing deep within me that signified the nearness of ejaculation.

"Oh, Vicky," I whispered passionately.  The feeling became stronger.  "Oh God, Vicky..."   Intense waves of tingling passion then radiated in all directions from the center of my body, up my spine and down my legs, as I started to spurt inside her.  "Oh! Vicky!" I exclaimed in a coarse whisper, her embrace becoming stronger to hold me inside her as I writhed in ecstacy and pumped furiously.

Our breathing calmed down after a few minutes.  Vicky ran her fingers across the raised weals on my bottom from the caning.  Her touch brought back some of the heat from the cane strokes. With a knowing expression, and smiling, she whispered, "It works every time."

"M-hmmm," I acknowledged.  She kissed me lightly and tenderly.

"It's time to turn over, Rick," she said.  "Unless, of course, you want me to practice some more with the cane."  When talking about caning, she always referred to administering it as practice.

Vicky giggled as I slowly withdrew from her and turned over so that I was face up on the bed.  She positioned herself on top of me and got up in a straddling position.  I saw the glistening blend of our juices as beads of the mixture seeped from the warm, moist place into which I had recently ejaculated.  I opened my mouth as her pussy approached.  Hungrily, I placed my mouth over her pussy and ran my tongue along her vaginal lips.

"Umm! Unnnnnnh! Ahhhh!" she exclaimed, and climaxed almost  immediately.  I felt the mixture of our juices enter my mouth at the height of her paroxysms.  "Keep going," she panted as her shuddering subsided.  In under a minute she climaxed again.

The relationship with Vicky had gone through the usual stages of this type of female dominant thing.  First was the initial reluctance to get into "spanking", thinking that only kinky people do that.  Then, after trying it, came the acknowledgment that she liked it.  Following that was her greater willingness to push limits, coupled with her realization that administering discipline aroused her.  Finally, she accepted, and even welcomed and used the arousal for pleasure.

One of the games that we play involves Vicky pretending to take umbrage at something that I do, and my playing along with it.  This time it was my appreciation of the beauty of the female form from the hip down.  In other words, I'm a "leg man".  We had gone out to dinner earlier that evening, and Vicky had noticed my catching glimpses of various women at the restaurant.  At one point during the dinner she leaned toward me and, in a soft voice, said, "I've noticed that you are watching the girls this evening."  Then, with a twinkle in her eye, she continued, "You're getting demerits for that.  Just thought you should know."  What I did know was that this was going to lead to a very severe discipline session, and that Vicky was becoming very aroused thinking about it.  I reached over to her face and traced one finger all around her lips.  "You know I'm a leg man, my love," I stated.  

This kind of repartee was part of our game.  

"I've always known that.  By the way, can you stay the night?" Vicky asked.

"You're creaming in your panties, aren't you?"  I retorted.

"Another demerit for asking questions that are too personal," she announced as she squirmed in her chair.

"You just answered it," I said with a laugh.

We went on like this, interspersing our repartee with other topics and furtive sensuous touching.

An hour after we got back to her place, I was face down on her bed, completely undressed, with pillows under my hips.  Vicky was fully dressed and had a doubled-up leather belt in her hand.  I had a raging boner that would soon go away under the rigorous leathering which was to come.  Her strict demeanor and stern questioning was also part of our game that we play, although it often feels quite real when she applies whatever instrument of discipline she selects.

"You have some demerits to take care of, young man," Vicky began, raising her voice in an authoritative tone. "It appears that you certainly have an eye for the ladies, doesn't it?"

"Yes ma'am."

Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap! Vicky applied the strokes rapidly and energetically.

"I saw you eyeing that waitress at the next table.  The one wearing the tan shorts and white socks.  What were you looking at?"

"Her legs."

Whap!  "Ow!"  Whap!  "Oh!"  Whap!  "Owww!"  Vicky was really getting into it, delivering the swats the strap with unmistakable authority.

She continued, "You'd like to feel her legs on your body, wouldn't you?  Tell the truth now."

"Yes ma'am!"

Whap!  "OWW!"  Whap!  "OH!"  Whap!  "OW! Vicky!"  Whap!  "OHHH!"  Whap!  "Ahhhh!"

"Now then.  Are there any women at work that you fantasize about?"

"...Yes..."

"Name one!"

"Jill."

"Describe her!"

"Straight blonde hair...  Smooth firm legs -"

Vicky gave me ten hard strokes of the strap as I exclaimed and writhed.

"And then there's the woman two tables over.  The one talking on the cell phone a lot of the time.  You were checking her out, weren't you?" Vicky queried.

"Y-Yes..."

Vicky planted five hard strokes on my reddened bottom.

Further inquiring, she asked, "You checked out her legs several times, didn't you?"

"Oh, Vicky, please..."

"Admit it!  You were looking hungrily at her, weren't you?"

"Yes, Vicky - OHH...  OW!  VICKY...  AHHHH...  NOOOO...  YAAAH!"

"You were imagining how she'd feel in bed, weren't you?"

"Vicky..."

"Tell the truth now, Rick!  You wondered what she'd be like in bed, didn't you?"

"Yes ma'am!"

Ten hard strokes with the belt followed as I rocked agonizingly from side to side.

"Did you imagine cumming inside her?  Were you wondering how she cums?"

"Yes, Vicky, I..."

She applied fifteen severe strokes with the belt as I shouted my ooohs and ahhhs.

"Who else do you think about?  Who else has great legs, Rick?"

"You!"

"Well, well.  I finally enter the picture.  Hold still while I finish spanking you!"

Without saying another word, Vicky vigorously and passionately leathered my ass with the belt while I kicked, twisted, squirmed, and begged her to stop.  This final part appeared to go on forever, although in reality it was probably around a minute.  A lot of strokes can be applied in sixty seconds, especially if the strapping is non-stop, as this was.  I flinched when she put her hand on my sorely strapped ass cheeks.  She marveled about how hot they felt to the touch.

"Looks like I did a decent job there," she stated.  Then she got some lotion and gently soothed it into my reddened ass cheeks.  Even after several minutes there was still a hot, painful sensation there.  I was also getting hot in another way as Vicky deliberately brought me to a turgid state with sensuous touching.  
"There's one more little thing to take care of, Rick," Vicky said as she got off the bed.  She had me stand up and then bend over the edge of the bed, so that my upper body was on the bed and my feet on the floor.  Vicky opened the closet door and retrieved the rattan cane.  "There's something else I was going to punish you for," she said.  "I don't remember what it was about, but it was something other than your leg-watching."

"Oh, Vicky, not now!" I protested.  "You just finished spanking me with the belt!"

"Keep your hands in front of you!  And you'd better stay in position, young man, until I tell you that you can get up!"  A slight quaver in her voice gave away her state of arousal.

You know what I hate about a caning from Vicky?  She's so good at it, that's what.  And it comes so easy to her.  She just casually whisks the cane in a brisk cadence without any pauses, usually with her free hand casually on her hip, and it hurts like the devil.  She also expects me to stay in position for the whole thing.  I try very hard to do that, and I'm always so afraid that I'll get out of position and cause her to punish me even more.

This time was no exception.  She wielded that cane like she really meant business - very fast-paced strokes.  I yelled, shouted, and begged her for mercy as I writhed, rapidly pounding on the bed with my hands and fists, and stamping my feet on the floor in a vain attempt to deal with the pain of the caning over my already well-strapped buttocks.  Thankfully, I didn't get out of position during the whole thing.

Vicky threw the cane down on the floor, undressed herself and sat pigeon-toed on the edge of the bed.  "Okay mister legman," she said, "pleasure me."

Vicky is sensitive to touch on her lower legs.  I guess you could call that an erogenous zone for her.  Kneeling in front of her, I gently massaged her legs from above her ankles to well above her knees.  Then I lightly ran my tongue in long, slow swipes up the outer edge of her legs.  I pointed her toes further inward and did the same thing with my tongue on the back of her legs.  Her breathing picked up noticeably.  Then I very, very lightly teased her pussy with feather light kisses.  Vicky could not help emitting soft moans as the teasing continued.  

She grasped my head in an attempt to pull me closer in, so I grabbed her hands and held them away from me and coaxed her to lean back on the bed.  I kept up the teasing for some time, treating her to the delicious frustration of feather light torment.  Then, placing my mouth firmly on her pussy, I ran my tongue around Vicky's now protruding clitoris, and within a few seconds she climaxed, fists clenched and eyes tightly shut, her hips trembling and rocking back and forth.

Scarcely a moment later I renewed my oral onslaught on Vicky's pussy, this time making slurping noises and tonguing her pussy like a warm ice cream cone.  She uttered groans and other noises of contentment, followed by a long "ahhhhhhhhhh!" starting low and increasing in pitch.  Then she climaxed again, rocking intensely.  Pussy juice oozed out as she lay there catching her breath, and after a few moments I coaxed her to get completely on the bed.  She eased herself up on the bed and spread her knees while placing her hands behind her head with a contented look on her face.  I straddled her and guided my rock-hard erection ito her aroused womanhood, going in all the way, thrusting slowly at first.

And this is where we came in.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
