Hii ISS readers, I am shyam from Bangalore. Here i am going to tell u my real life experience with my mom smitha age 37 but she is well maintained and do exercise no fat in her body her stomach is super sexiest and her sensitive part ( that u will understand when finished reading) . Basically we are Keralite but settled in Bangalore my mom is a nurse and my father divorced my mom and he married another woman. This is my family My mom is gorgeous with long hair looking after me .she has a good pair of beautiful boobs her size is 34 and hip 26 .

She always wear sleeveless baniyans and 34th inside the house in that she look so beautiful and sexy. I never masturbated by thinking of her this i am telling with the future experience with my mom My mom is all alone when i was 6 years old from there she started looking after me i was very much attached with my mom she care me a lot When i passe my 12 th standard i started begging her for a bike she bought me a brand new bike which i liked she is that much loving for me after that i started roaming with my bike. I and mom go for shopping and i drop mom to her hospital daily.we both live in a flat with single bedroom.

There are 2 beds one for me and one for my mom Every thing was going normal when one day i met with an accident and got leg fracture and shoulder fracture. My mom cried a lot she was very much depressed and upset she told me many times to ride bike care fully but i dint hear as Bangalore is full of rush and traffic. When i came home i was getting pain heavily as the fracture is very painful my mom took leave for 15 days to look after me .

My mom made me lie on the bed and she was going to change her dress she turn behind and removed her top i was getting hard on I was totally helpless i dont know what to do.i saw her in bra and jeans she was sexy and hot she removed her jeans and removed her bra and put the baniyan i was seeing only her back and panties i saw a little bit of her tits after changing she looked at me and went outside.she wore a baniyan that can see her cleavage clearly and a shorts that's is worn to show her branded panties I want to pass urine but i cant with my fracture on shoulder.

Finally i told "mom i want to pass urine but i dont know how" she came near me and told "honey i am nurse i know how to help you as u r my son too" by saying this she removed my shorts I was not wearing any underwear she bought a mug and asked me to pee I told her mom i cant do this in front of you and my cock started getting hard on she saw this and went out i peed and called her she came and took the cup and and said dont wear shorts as it will be very difficult i said but mom i cannot be naked and i cant be naked.

My cock was fully grown and was erect at that time.she told me dont worry honey its natural i said mom but it will be always like this only if i am naked. She came and sat in front of me and said honey " i will make you comfortable" She looked at me and she caught my cock in her hand and said honey its too hot and shivering you are afraid or what? i said mom "its my first time a woman catching my cock".

She said who said you that this is the first time i have caught this many times when you were a baby for cleaning when taking bath. she then moved her hand fully and started masturbating for me i was feeling like something as i never thought of my mom doing this She told me do you like it honey ? i told mom i am helpless i cant do anything to you and you are wearing dress also.

She said "oooh that was your problem and stood up and she rubbed her boobs and pressed her boobs and removed her t shirt oooh god she is having wonderful structure i never have seen her like that my mom is a sex bomb she is very much sexy her navel has some hairs but it looked so beautiful and sexy and made me horny and her bra was looking beautiful pink colour.

She then removed her bra and asked me how is she. I told "mom u r sexy and so hot". She asked me whether i want to see her fully naked. I told "yes mom u r so beautiful and making me horny your boobs are so big please show me your pussy" She removed her bra and 34th and panties she had a well shaven pussy she then came near me and sucked my cock my pain was full gone i was feeling so good she is giving good blowjob for me she put her nipples beside my face and i licked and sucked it but i was very sad i colu catch that with only one hand when she put my dick inside her mouth fully i got a bit afraid .

But she licked and swallowed it. within no time i cummed inside her mouth she drank that full and lied next to me i was pinching and rubbing her nipples we both slept.

Then she did many things like this to me for 2 months we both became lovers because she always give me lip kiss and we both smooched and lied on the bed for so much times because i cant fuck her due to my fracture she smooched me cared me gave me blowjobs she gave her full body to satisfy my lust and love We both made love for two months that passed very fast. Finally i removed my plasters and my shoulder was perfect my leg was little painful when i walked alone for some time.

We both came home she prepared food for me at that time i was behind her pressing her boobs and rubbing my cock on her ass she cooked food and we had food after that i told "mom i want to fuck you mom" She told me "honey fuck me so badly i am all yours" i need your cock please give me that"

We both hugged each other and i kissed on her lips deeply and exchanged our saliva and then I removed her baniyan and pressed both her boobs with my hands and sucked her nipples she was not moaning she was enjoying and closed her eyes when i caught her hips and pressed her navel she sucked my face neck with her tongue and removed my dresses she was enjoying without moaning she lied on the bed completely naked i was also completely naked. I put my dick on her navel and rubbed it.

She then caught my head and rubbed my hairs i gave her deep smooch and put my cock inside her mouth when it became wet i put that inside her pussy and pressed her nipples and breast she told me honey Dont press her boobs hardly its painful and asked me to do anything to her stomach part as that was her sensitive part then i sucked her nipples and rubbed her stomach pressed hip sucked her navel and started my movement she closed her eyes and told me that sitting is more passionate and horny so we both sat at that time my cock was inside her pussy she sat on my cock and started moving up and down at that time we were kissing deeply and when she goes up i sucked her nipples after 5 mins i cummed and we both fell down with pleasure we both slept for one hour and again she made me cum inside her pussy.

Now i am studying bbm in a college i and my mom do sexual activities daily and fuck whenever my mom is at home and when she is free We both love each other i never fuck her ass because she dont like and even i dont like we both make love in its best form she gave blow jobs nicely whole time she like to give me blowjobs every time even i like.

I always grab her tits and press them and also her navel i like her beautiful boobs niples which is light brown i love to suck that and drink that. Hope every one liked my story plese give your comments for writing the next episodes