“Five minutes left.”

Severus Snape swore under his breath and cast a malevolent gaze at Harry Potter, who leaned back in his chair and smirked.

“Not as easy as you thought, is it Professor,” he drawled the last word out, leaned back in said Professor’s chair and put his feet up on said Professor’s desk, shoes nonchalantly swinging close to piles of teetering parchment and assorted bottles.

What had started out as a laughable challenge had quickly degenerated into a contest of wills. Harry, bored in the late afternoon after a day of flying and helping Hagrid with his creatures, had surprised Severus by turning up in his dungeons. Hogwarts was dull over the holidays, and the lack of interesting company had thrown the two of them together with such repetitiveness, that both were unable to work out why they hadn’t done ‘It’ before. Snape had opined that Harry’s age had put a stopper on any advances he’d wished to make in the past, while Harry had suggested he’d been too scared to approach Snape lest he lose some of his more favourite body parts in an overzealous bout of hexing. But they had sorted themselves out, and had spent the last two weeks in a delightful haze of discovery and mutual admiration.

Severus, in the middle of an important potion, and not expecting to see Harry until after dinner (in his quarters, more suitably dressed and definitely more pliant) had not been able to resist falling back into his long accustomed manner when confronted with the stubborn Gryfindoor – he’d yelled. And bellowed. And told Harry in no uncertain terms that what they did in their private time must not interfere with what occurred in their public lives.

Harry had listened silently; jaw tensing as the verbal haranguing increased in vitriol and volume. His sharp intake of breath was the only thing heard as Snape’s last words seemed to echo and swirl in the chamber – “I don’t know why I bother with you!”

As soon as the words had left Severus’ mouth, he knew he’d made a mistake. Harry’s eyes glinted and his mouth thinned into a hard line. “You’re right Professor, I don’t know why you bother with me either.”

Snape had quickly moved to the angry young man standing in front of him, hands outstretched but not touching. “Harry,” he said quietly, a dour, sorrowful look on his face. “I’m…sorry. I shouldn’t have yelled at you and I didn’t mean what I said. I’m having the most ridiculous time sorting out this new formula…”

“I don’t want to hear it,” Harry interjected. He sighed heavily and looked up into the black eyes staring down at him, an ounce of pleading in their edges. “I guess I’ve been wondering why you bother me too, these last couple of weeks. They’ve been…strange and unexpected and…I’ve been happy.” These last words were said quietly, almost into his own chest.

Snape did touch him then, slender fingers gently cupped his chin and raised Harry’s face to his. “You know how I feel about you, don’t you?” he said quietly, hoping the boy could see in his eyes what he was unable to say out loud.

Harry smiled and placed his hand on the one softly stroking his face. “I think I know. I see it sometimes, in the dark, in your rooms. And I can feel it when you…when we make love.”

Snape’s eyes softened and he pulled Harry into his embrace, one arm wrapped possessively and tightly around his back, the other seeking and stroking the fine tangled hair at his nape.

“And isn’t that enough Harry?” he’d asked, walking into the trap as stupidly as the most trusting Hufflepuff.

“Actually,” Harry replied, leaning back in his embrace so Snape could see the cheeky grin, “it’s not.”

Which led to his current predicament. Harry had insisted that, as Severus had had so much fun torturing him in the dungeons these last six years, Harry deserved some of his own back. He’d set Snape a task; he had fifteen minutes to write ten things he liked about Harry.

Snape’s lip had curled when he’d heard the assignment, some of his earlier irritation infiltrating his face. He’d spluttered and proudly said that he was above such foolish nonsense. Harry had suggested that if he felt he was unable to complete that challenge, he could say five things he liked about Harry to his face right then. Snape, seeing he wouldn’t win this argument (and not wanting to ruin the satisfying arrangement they had going), took the Slytherin way and accepted the extra time.

Harry had laughed right in his face and said he was lucky he hadn’t been given only ten minutes; he wanted to show his Professor that it was possible to set reasonable standards when it came to someone’s ‘education’.

Harry had led Severus to Harry’s usual seat in the classroom; accio’d parchment, ink and quill, conjured up a floating hourglass and said happily “You may begin.”

Harry sat at Severus’ desk, amazed to see that his idea had been accepted and with a minimum of fuss (well, he thought, a minimum of fuss considering who the other participant is). It wasn’t until Snape had yelled at Harry that he’d begun to question what they were doing. It was still too soon in their relationship, or dalliance, or whatever it was that they had, to be questioning each other’s motives. But when Snape had fallen back on his old trick of fury, Harry had taken strength in that hard corner of his Gryfindoor heart and stood up for himself. Whilst their behaviour with each other was not illegal or immoral (considering both their ages), it was unusual, and secretly, neither looked forward to the new school year nor Dumbledore’s inquisitive glances.

“One minute left,” Harry chanted as he watched green powder sift slowly in the golden hourglass hovering between the two. Snape raised his head and snarled. For the first minute or so he’d alternated glaring at the blank parchment and glaring at Harry. When Harry had done nothing but grin at him, occasionally batting his eyelashes in a manner he no doubt thought was cute (and which Snape found irritating beyond reason), he’d lowered his dark head to the desk and began to write furiously. Harry had struggled to hold back his laughter as he watched his new lover scribble and cross out whole sentences, muttered curses occasionally heard.

“Time’s up!” Harry yelled as the last grain of sand hit the lower bulb. Severus finished his sentence and slammed his quill to the desk, arms crossed on his chest in annoyance.

“Professor Snape, are you ready for your presentation?” Harry had asked teasingly as he swung his legs off the desk and sat upright in his chair.

“I am Mister Potter. Are you ready to receive it?” Severus asked as he stalked over to Harry. Pushing Harry’s chair back, he sat himself on the edge of his desk facing him, long legs imprisoning both Harry’s body and chair. Harry swallowed thickly, appreciating the view and running a hand mischievously up Severus’ inner thigh.

“Mister Potter,” Severus said darkly, trying to stop his traitorous body from pushing itself into Harry inquisitive hands. “Since I’ve had the good grace to follow your earlier request, surely you should show me the same consideration and listen to my speech. You do want to hear what I’ve got to say about you, don’t you?”

Harry’s hand froze and he looked uncertainly at Snape. “I think so,” he said hesitantly.

“Good boy,” Severus replied, removing Harry’s hand from his body and placing a quick kiss on the top of his head. He settled himself more comfortably on the desk and with a wicked gleam in his eye, used his most professorially voice to say “Ten things I like about Harry Potter.”

His plan had worked; at the sound of that honeyed voice, Harry’s eyelids slid down until they were half-shut and a moan of appreciation escaped his mouth.

“Concentrate Mister Potter, or all this writing will have been for nothing,” Severus said huskily as he quickly looked away from the heated vision in front of him and began to read.

“One. I admire the way he rides his broomstick when he practices Quidditch. Even though his arse is inevitably sore after those exertions, I’m quite enjoy the fact that I get to play with it anyway.”

Harry squeaked in surprise and his eyes flew open. “Hey, that’s not nice.”

“Nice, Mister Potter?” Severus drawled as he raised his eyebrow sardonically. “Nice is a word I’m not familiar with. Now hush, the instructions were that I was to write ten things I liked about you, not ten things you wished I liked about you.”

Harry grumbled a bit then waved a hand to show he could go on.

“Thank you,” Snape replied sarcastically. “Two. I like the fact that his hair is always messy, no matter how hard he attempts to tame it. It brings to mind how his hair looks after he’s been enjoying several hours of hard shagging.”

“I’m right here, you know,” Harry muttered.

“Item three,” Severus continued, not pausing to allow the interruption. “I’m fond of the shocked look he gets on his face when he has been caught doing something he…knows…he…shouldn’t.”

Harry blushed, trying to forget the scene that had occurred when he’d been caught looking through Severus’ cupboards. His innocent pleas of “But I was only curious!” had led to some quality time spent together, during which Severus had demonstrated to Harry the importance of respecting other people’s privacy, and had involved a bathtub, ice-cream and Severus’ ceremonial satin robes. Severus noticed the slow rise of red creeping up Harry’s face. “Actually, I quite enjoyed teaching you that little lesson.”

Harry grimaced and said, “Get on with it, you git.”

“Compliments will get you nowhere, Potter. Four,” Severus continued, “I admit that he has quite an intelligent mind, even if he chooses not to use it in important classes.”

Harry snickered.

“Five. I like impersonation he does of a rabbit when someone is licking his balls.”

Harry snapped a soft punch at Snape’s stomach, Snape countered by displaying the behaviour he’d just alluded to. The sight of his Professor’s nose crinkling as his eyes rolled alarmingly was not amusing. Correct, but not amusing.

“Six. I most certainly enjoy the long moan that escapes him when I am easing myself into his tight, hot…”

“Next!”

“Seven. His hands are very strong, very capable. He puts them to good use when he strokes my…” Severus paused. Harry stared. “Back.”

“You think you’re funny, do you?”

“Surely my quick wit is something that attracted you to me?”

“More like half your wit,” Harry mumbled. He stood up. “Are you nearly done? As entertaining as the Snape Comedy Show is, you haven’t really answered my question. Most of your points are about sex. Now I know you’re not that dirty-minded, so what’s going on? Having difficulty finding something really nice to say about me?”

Severus put the parchment down on the table and observed the slightly huffed man in front of him.

“What would you have me say, Potter?” he whispered into Harry’s ear.

“Would you wish me to say that a look from you makes my breath catch in my throat? That your shining eyes looking up at me, green with trust, makes me doubt my sanity?” Harry felt the soft tickle of Severus’ breath move over the pink cup of his ear.

“That the smell of you; sweaty, unspoiled, musky, makes my mouth water?” Severus’ fingers moved slowly up Harry’s ribs, caressing him softly through his training sweatshirt.

“That hearing your voice, even from the other side of the room, sends shivers of delight down my spine, and it is all I can do to keep my sneer from changing into a smile?” Harry’s neck arched as Severus nibbled delicately on the moist, offered flesh.

“Or that I can never, ever, get enough of the taste of you; crisp, fragrant, Harry-flavoured flesh.” Harry’s fingers desperately dug into Snape’s shoulders and he moved to press fervent, blind kisses into Severus’ face and neck.

“Am I the type of man to say these things Potter? Do you believe that I am the type of man who lays awake at nights, reviewing your every move, our every conversation, who repeats and replays every instance of kindness and affection you have shown me? After all these years of knowing me, do you believe me to be the sort of person who is afraid to breath too loudly, to move too suddenly, lest he wake his lover and so end their moments together?”

Severus’ hands fell to Harry’s back, pulling him deeper into his embrace. They stood pressed against each other; joined at sternum and stomach and crotch. “Are these the words of a lover that you expected from me, Harry? The words of someone who loves, and is loved?”

Harry’s hands threaded themselves into Severus’ hair and pulled his face down to his level.

“Yes,” he whispered against Severus’ lips. “I would expect those words to come from someone who loved, and was loved. And I know exactly what type of man you are Severus Snape. I always known, it just took me a while to see it.”

“Well then Harry Potter,” Severus breathed, stroking his lips lightly against Harry’s, “We’ll just keep it our little secret.”