Katie's CNC
by Krazy_Organized_Chaos

Katie's CNC Pt. 01

Katie signs a contract for ongoing CNC.

Writers note: Trigger warning, this is a story about CNC (Consensual Non-Consent). The initial chat sets up that all things were consented to and discussed prior to events taking place. As always, all parties involved and all play should be Safe, Sane, and Consensual, with safety precautions put in place.

I was bored and randomly scrolling online. My last boyfriend was over a year ago, and he broke up with me due to my kinks that I asked him to try. I didn't think they were extreme, but given my status of constantly being single, maybe they were. I enjoyed being chased, choked, and forced to do things. That's a lot of women's fantasies, right?

Another Friday night scrolling through groups, and I came across a post by Blake. He was semi local, a few hours away from me, but he was posting looking for someone to start a dynamic focused on CNC, consensual non consent. I had never done CNC before but had always been something I was curious about. I decided to send him a private chat message, just to see if we had anything in common, or he was just another random asshole looking to get his dick wet.

"To: Blake

Subject: CNC Post

Hello Blake. My name is Katie. I saw your post in a mutual group regarding your search for a CNC focused dynamic. Your post and profile intrigue me, and I would like to know more. I see we are a few hours apart, so local but not too local. I look forward to hearing from you.

Katie"

I began to think that Blake had no interest, as I did not hear back from him. But two days later I received a reply to my chat request.

Blake: "Hello Katie. Thank you for taking the time to respond to my post. It's great to see another Tennessee local, even if we are a few hours apart. What exactly did you find intriguing about my profile and post?"

Katie: "Good afternoon, Blake. I was starting to think I possibly got lost in the sea of responses you likely received from your post. From your profile, I was intrigued with how local you were, as well it appears that we have several kinks in common. Regarding your post, I have been interested in CNC for quite some time, but have never had any experience with it, nor found anyone also wanting to attempt it."

Blake: "No experience with CNC? I am not sure if I would be a good fit for you Katie. I would be glad to continue to discuss and talk, to see where things may lead. But to forewarn you, I take my dynamics very seriously, and have strict rules that must be adhered to."

Katie: "I understand and would be fine with just getting to know one another."

Blake: "So tell my about yourself Katie."

Over the next two weeks I continued to chat with Blake. I explained my random relationship history, how I worked at a 24 hour gas station/liquor store as a manager, and what my interest in CNC was. Blake and I talked daily about everything and anything, but he never brought up possibly starting a dynamic again. Blake was like a good friend, giving input on my day, and making me laugh on the days that sucked.

One day I got the courage to just message him on chat to see if he would want to go out. I wanted to see if there was any type of spark in person.

Katie: "So... I will be closer to your area in a couple days for work, and was wondering if you would want to meet up and grab coffee?"

Blake: "Katie, are you asking me out on a date?"

Katie: "Possibly."

Blake: "That is quite forward of you Katie. I would love to grab a coffee with you. I think we may have some things to discuss."

Katie: "What types of things to discuss?"

Blake: "I do believe we began talking about my post in a mutual group? I would like to discuss this with you. No expectations, just a discussion."

Katie: "That sounds like a plan."

Blake: "Choose a location and time, let me know what you decide. Until then, I have emailed you my basic CNC contract that I discuss with anyone I engage in this type of play with. Please review and make any notes for discussion that you may have."

Shit. A contract? I had been in a few dynamics prior, where I was a submissive, but never with official contracts. I began to wonder what I may have gotten myself into, or if I should even meet up with Blake. Through our chats though, he seemed so nice, and it was great to have another friend I could share kink discussions with. I printed out the contract and headed to work, hoping it would be slow so that I could read through it.

Blake's 'contract' was 10 pages long and covered everything from toys to types of physical play. There were checkboxes next to every single item, where I could check 'will do', 'interested in', 'requires discussion', and 'absolutely no'.

The toy's section was straightforward, and the only item I placed a 'requires discussion' next to was electro play. Next was more physical play such as impact. Any forms of spanking were a definite yes. As the list went on it became apparent that Blake may be more than I bargained for, several lines included items such as 'punching', 'stepping on', and 'being slapped'. Most of those ended up being a no, aside from slapping, I enjoyed that. Luckily my job working midnights were usually slow, and by the end of my shift I was able to get through the entire list, checked off, and notes written with questions.

I got home just as the sun was coming up. Even though I was tired from a long night, I logged into Fet and pulled up my chat with Blake.

Katie: "I read through the contract, very thorough."

Blake: "That was quick. Any questions?"

Katie: "Yes, but it can be discussed tomorrow when we meet."

Blake: "So even after the contract, you still want to meet? Have you decided on a location and time?"

Katie: "Yes, do you know the small mom and pop coffee shop on the corner of main and 3rd street?"

Blake: "I do, the one near the forest preserve with trails?"

Katie: "Yep, that's the one. How does 10am sound?"

Blake: "That should work for me. See you tomorrow."

Katie: "See you tomorrow."

I was glad that I had that night off from work since I had to do training the next day. Also glad the training wasn't until 3pm in the afternoon so that I had the morning free to meet with Blake. I got up and showered. I stood in front of my closet trying to find something to wear, I needed something that was sexy, comfortable, yet still work appropriate. I chose a sundress that I could throw a jacket over when I went to my training. I packed up my bag, tucked away the folder that included Blake's contract, and began my drive.

I got to the coffee shop 15 minutes early, and the sky was beginning to get overcast. I went in, ordered, and found a table in a corner that was away from the few others that were sitting at tables. Finally at 2 minutes till 10, Blake walked through the door. He looked exactly like his pictures on Fet. He scanned the room and smiled when he got to where I was sitting. Blake walked over and sat across the table from me. Blake had an authoritative, stern look about him.

"Hello Katie." Blake stated.

"Hi Blake. Did you have any trouble finding the place?" I replied

"Not at all. I've actually been to this area a few times." Blake said while staring intently at me, "The walking trails are quite nice. Very secluded."

I blushed thinking about what fun secluded woods could be. I always enjoyed the outdoors, and my parents had a cabin that I went to frequently to just relax. The way Blake continued to stare me down made me begin fidgeting in my seat. Out of habit, I began tapping my pen on the table.

"I guess we have the matter of the contract to go over. I have some questions on page..."

"Do you really think this is the time and place to discuss that, Katie?" Blake stated, interrupting me mid-sentence.

"Umm, well, no. I don't know. I just thought..." I stammered, continuing to tap my pen further out of frustration and embarrassment.

"You thought what exactly Katie?" Blake replied.

"Umm, I thought that was the whole point in meeting, to go over what you sent me." I replied.

"Stop tapping your pen, Katie. It's not very lady like." Blake commanded.

"Oh, sorry." I said as I laid the pen down.

"There are too many people around for that type of discussion Katie. First, we get to know each other a bit more, then we will discuss what is in the contract. That is how I work; I don't air my private life in public. If that is not good for you, then you are free to leave at any time." Blake stated.

"I understand and feel the same way." I replied, "But like I said in my initial chat with you, this is something new for me, so it is going to take some learning."

We sat in silence for what seemed like eternity before Blake finally spoke again.

"What would you like Katie? You have two options, we can continue to sit here awkwardly and make small talk, or if you are that eager to discuss the contract, we can go for a walk to discuss." Blake stated.

"I think I would like to go for that walk." I replied.

We got our coffees in a to-go cup and headed out the door. Blake led the way to the hiking trails that were nearby. There were some benches along the way and stopped at one to chat. Blake went over my answers in the contract, and the few notes I had in the margins.

"You were very thorough in your questions and responses." Blake said while handing the contract back to me, "I appreciate that. I also feel like we can move to the next step."

"What would that entail?" I asked.

"Well, we discussed anything you would not do, as well as answered any questions you had. You completed every section satisfactorily." Blake stated, "So next steps would be reading the last page again and signing the contract."

I began to read the last page; I had not read that part as there was nothing to complete on it.

"Access to my calendar? What does that mean?" I asked.

"Exactly what it says Katie. You will put every appointment, work schedule, any changes in your life into a calendar online, which you will share with me. So that I know where you are at any given time. If I had to ask where you were on certain days or times, it would take the surprise out of things." Blake answered.

"I see. I guess that makes sense." I said while signing the bottom of the contract. I then handed the contract back to Blake.

"I will email you a copy of this. If at any time, you wish to revoke the contract, you will email me your safe word and all contact will stop." Blake said, "Which brings up the next subject, what would you like your safe word to be? It needs to be something that isn't used in everyday life. It will be a word both you and I use."

I stared at Blake confused. I had only known safe words to be used when a scene needed to stop immediately and had never had a Dom state that they would use it also.

"Why would you be using it?" I asked.

"Good question. When, or more IF, I ever abduct you, if I feel things are going too far, or causing harm to you, I will use it to end things until we can discuss." Blake replied.

"Oh, ok. Makes sense. Well, how about monkey?" I decided.

"That works for me." Blake stated and wrote the word at the top of the contract. "Now, this is how this will play out. You will complete your calendar within the next 2 days, it will be detailed with locations, addresses, and time frames you expect to be there. I will not tell you when I will show up. Sometimes I may just show up at your front door, other times I may pull you off the street. Do you have any questions or concerns?"

"Not at all, I'm actually really looking forward to it!" I replied.

"Good." Blake said in a low growling voice, as he grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled me into a kiss, and then simply stated, "You now belong to me."

We walked back to our cars, continuing to chat about normal life things. Blake hugged me and then we parted ways. I went off to my training and was completely distracted the entire time. My thoughts continued to go over my chat with Blake, and how this may all turn out. When I finally got home that evening, I went to work on my calendar. I got it updated for the next two months and send the invite off to Blake. To my surprise he accepted it almost instantly.

Three weeks went by, and I began to think that Blake had forgotten or lost interest in our contract. We would randomly chat every few days, but it was always about normal life things, work, family, and social events we were attending. Blake was spending the weekend with his parents because they were in town, and I was getting ready to head to the club with my roommate, Jess, and a few friends.

I dropped my friends at the front entrance of the club so they could go get a table and drove around the back to park my car. I got the lucky draw of being designated driver since I worked later that night. The parking lot was darker than usual, and it looked like some of the streetlights were out. I pulled into the corner of the lot, where I normally parked.

I stepped out of my car and turned to lock my door and grab my purse. As I bent over, someone came up behind me, pushing my head into the seat and grabbing my waist. I began to scream when they covered my mouth.

"Such a dark parking lot for a gorgeously dressed woman." Stated the man's voice.

I attempted to push back on them, but the way their arm was wrapped around me, and other hand pushing my head down, I couldn't get my footing. Stupid fucking high heels. If I had just worn my sneakers like I wanted, this wouldn't be an issue.

"Your legs and ass look amazing in this dress Katie Cat." The voice growled low, while sliding their hand up my legs, pulling my dress up over my ass.

Katie Cat? What the hell? That was my screen name on Fet. But very few people in real life knew that, and those who did, were all women. It couldn't be Blake; he was out to dinner with his parents.

The hands pulled my dress up over my head, so that my arms were still in it, but it was covering my head so I couldn't see. I was internally cussing my roommate Jess out, as she convinced me to wear this spandex dress. Suddenly I was yanked up, spun around, and their body pressed against me. I was pinned between my car and this person's body. They grabbed both of my wrists in one hand, as the other hand began to reach into my bra pulling out one of my breasts.

The hand pulled at my nipple, then slid down my stomach, and into the waistband of my panties. I tried again to twist my body away from him, and even tried to bring my knee up and knee him in the groin.

"Now, now, Katie Cat, that's no way to play nice." He whispered in my ear.

That voice. I couldn't place it, but I somehow knew the voice. His hand slid down, and into my panties. He used one finger to begin encircling my clit. Suddenly I felt his mouth on my nipple, as he began to suck, and then bit me hard. I bit my lip trying not to yell out in pain. I knew I had to try to get away, but at the same time, I hadn't been touched in over a year, and missed having a man's hands on me. I was mixed in wanting him to continue, but not knowing who it was, started to scare me. He slid his fingers down from my clit and shoved two of them deep inside me.

"Looks like Katie Cat is getting turned on by this." He said, continuing to talk in almost a whisper.

"I... I have people waiting for me. They'll come looking if I am not back soon. Just let me go, please. I haven't even seen you; you could leave, and I wouldn't even be able to identify you." I pleaded, hoping he would just let me go. I continued to try to push against him to get him off me.

"If you keep fighting back, you won't have any energy for work later Katie Cat." He said almost in a laughing tone. His fingers continued to slide in and out of me, and I had to stifle the moan that was building up inside me.

"Who the FUCK are you?" I yelled.

He immediately removed his hands from my panties and brought it up to my mouth, that was still covered by my dress. He shoved his fingers into my mouth, and far enough back in my throat that I began to gag.

"Shh Katie Cat. You'll ruin the surprise, and our first time, if someone hears you." He said in a low voice, "See how good you taste?"

His hand went back to my panties and yanked them down. I could hear him unbuckle a belt and undo his zipper.

"Please. Please don't do this, just let me go be with my friends." I pleaded again.

His hand came slowly up my body. My arms and legs began to shake as I felt him move between my legs and felt his hard cock up against my clit and pussy lips. I went over every option in my mind, if I began yelling, maybe I had a chance to get away.

No sooner than I thought that I could feel him shift away from me. I tried to pull but his grip on my wrists was too firm to even pull one hand away. I could hear him fumbling with something and it sounded like he was sitting in my car. I tried to pull again, but he pulled me down hard onto his lap, and onto his hard cock. The force hurt for a second, and I just sat there still, and crying trying to figure a way out of this.

"Please just let me go." I said softly through my sobs.

No sooner did I say that he pulled my dress down over my face.

It was Blake.

"What the fuck? You barely talk to me, mention nothing again, and then this?" I yelled between sobs.

Blake grabbed my face forcefully, and began thrusting inside me, moving me up and down on his cock.

"What did I say about yelling Katie Cat?" Blake replied.

I began moving with Blake's thrusts, every nerve in my body was at attention, and my adrenaline felt like my body was in overdrive.

"You read the contract Katie Cat. You signed the contract. You know your safe word. You are MINE to do with what I want." Blake said.

At the word 'mine', I began to climax and bit down on Blake's shoulder to muffle my moans. No sooner did I orgasm; I began to feel Blake also cum deep inside me in several hot spurts.

"Mine. Katie Cat." Blake whispered in my ear, "It would do you well to remember that. You will never know when I am coming for you, and I will never give you a heads up."

"Thank you, Blake." I replied.

I sat there on Blake's lap, trying to catch my breath. Blake brought his hand up and began stroking my hair and wiping the tears from my face. He pulled my head over to his chest, and kissed my forehead, before smoothing my dress down.

"You may want to get on with your evening Katie, your friends are waiting." He stated.

Blake stood up from my car, sliding me off his lap and into the driver's seat. I went to fixing my makeup in the mirror, and when I turned around, he was already walking away from my car. I could see my roommate walking across the parking lot and looked at Blake strangely as they passed each other. I could've sworn I saw Blake smirk as he turned the corner around the building.

"Who the hell was that?" My roommate Jess asked, "Katie! Look at you! Are you ok? What happened?"

"Nothing, no one." I replied while grinning and continuing to fix my makeup, "I'm fine, really Jess."

"But Katie, something happened. Did that weird guy do something to you? Your wrists are all red and your makeup is messed up. What went on here?"

I laughed at the term 'weird guy'. If only she knew how 'weird' both he and I were.

"No Jess, he didn't hurt me. Everything is ok." I replied, "Now let's not keep everyone waiting, I have work in a few hours."

We walked around to the front of the building, and into the club. I kept scanning the street and the club for Blake, but he didn't stick around for an encore. If he could sneak up on me this quick, where else would he be popping up?


Katie's CNC Pt. 02

Katie's gains more CNC experience with Blake.

I walked into work 15 minutes early. It was going to be a long night. My coworker, Nikki, was already working. She was nice, but I was glad she was only going to be there for two hours while I did the stocking, because her bubbly personality got annoying fast.

"Hey Katie." Nikki greeted me as I walked in the door, "Ready for another midnight?"

"Not quite!" I replied, "It's been a long night already."

"Oh, before I forget, some guy dropped this off for you." Nikki stated while handing me a brown paper bag and giggling. "I tried to snoop in it, but he sealed it pretty tight! He was definitely hot too, how do you know him?"

I ignored her question and opened the note that was taped to the bag. It was from Blake.

Blake wrote, "Katie Cat, you did amazing tonight. I know you didn't eat while at the club with your friends. We haven't discussed food, so I hope what I packed are things you like. You need to eat and keep your strength up. Next time I may not go as easy on you. Enjoy. Until next time, Blake"

How the fuck did he know I didn't eat? I kept looking for him but never saw him after the parking lot. Weird. I put the bag away in the office so that I could open it later when Nikki was gone.

"Soooo, is he your boyfriend Katie?" Nikki asked again, all bubbly and giggling.

"No, he's just a friend. I better get to stocking." I replied.

I was glad that it was busy, and my stocking took up the bulk of the next two hours. After Nikki was finally gone, I was able to open Blake's bag on my own. There was a pasta dish with grilled chicken. A Caesar salad. Some trail mix. And a slice of chocolate cake. Everything looked amazing and tasted the same. I was hungrier than I thought I was, and by the end of my shift, I had eaten every bit of what Blake packed.

I still had an hour to kill before the end of my shift and the next staff coming in. I hopped onto Fetlife on my phone and typed out an email to Blake.

"To: Blake

Subject: Food

Thank you for a great time last night. I received your food and the note. You were correct that I did not eat, though how you knew that still puzzles me. The food was all amazing, and I enjoyed every bit of it. Thanks again. Katie"

Blake and I continued to chat almost daily. Blake began explaining what his background, his family life, that he worked as an OSHA rep for his job and would frequently travel for manufacturing plant inspections. The more we chatted, the more my feelings grew for Blake.

About a week and a half after our evening in the parking lot, Blake sent me the following message:

"To: Katie

Subject: Dinner?

Katie, this is your formal notice that you will be joining me for dinner. Tomorrow night, 7pm, dress is casual. I will pick you up in front of your building."

I read it a few times, and replied to Blake with:

"To: Blake

Re: Dinner?

Are you asking me out on a date Sir? What if I already had plans for my day off?"

Blake was online and replied almost immediately.

"To: Katie

Re: Dinner?

If you had plans, then you have not been keeping your calendar up to date. This would result in consequences and punishments. Call it what you will, it can be a date. I look forward to picking you up tomorrow at 7."

Shit. I had been slacking on updating the calendar. I wonder if Blake knew that somehow. I did have plans to grab drinks with one of my friends, but quickly texted her to cancel. Luckily, she was always flaking on me, so it wasn't a big deal. I then went to work on ensuring the calendar was completely updated for the next three months before I headed to bed.

Blake was always well dressed the couple time I met him in person, so I had no clue what his idea of 'casual' was. I selected a flowing skirt that fell just above my knees, and a tank top that was open in the back, and loose enough to flow, but still clung to my breasts in all the right ways.

I headed downstairs at 6:55, and Blake was prompt right at 7pm to pick me up. He was driving a dark blue SUV, with very tinted windows. I didn't know it was Blake until he parked and walked around to the passenger side of the car.

"Ready Katie?" Blake asked while grinning and opening the passenger door, while motioning for me to get in.

I looked at him quizzically. "I guess so." I replied.

I climbed into the SUV, and just as I got settled, Blake closed the door for me. Weird. Guys typically don't to those kinds of things anymore. Blake got into the driver's seat, and we began to drive.

"So where are we going?" I asked.

"It's a surprise." Blake replied.

I looked at him and raised an eyebrow. He just laughed at my response. We drove around for about twenty minutes until we pulled up to a nicer bar in town. I had been there a couple of times before, it was a nice quiet place, and good for first dates. The booths there were cozy, with the backs of the seats being tall enough that you can't peer into the booth next to you.

Blake hopped out of the SUV, walked around, and opened my door. It was beginning to make me uncomfortable, him doing these things. Blake held my hand as we walked in, and he greeted the hostess. Blake had made a reservation for a specific booth. I wondered in the back of my head how many subs he had brought to this location.

"None." Blake stated to me as we walked to the table.

"None what?" I asked as we reached the table.

I sat down on one side of the booth, and Blake simply replied with, "Scoot over." And he sat next to me on the same side of the booth. We were faced away from everyone in the bar, and the booth was secluded, with no one sitting around us.

"You didn't answer my question." I stated.

"Yes, I did. You asked it in your head." Blake replied, "You were wondering why I chose a table, and how many women I've brought here, am I correct?"

"Yes..." I trailed off, while looking at my hands in my lap.

"And to answer your question. None." Blake stated, "I'm a regular at this place, and frequent it with friends. I've always thought this corner booth would be perfect for what I have in mind."

I could feel my cheeks begin to redden at the thought of what Blake may have in store for me. I turned my attention to the menu, as did Blake. I continued to decide on what I wanted, as Blake wrapped his arm around me, and his hand began to roam on the other side of my tank top.

"What looks good Katie?" Blake asked. As he finished his question, his hand reached through the side of my tank top and cupped my breast.

"Um, maybe the steak and baked potato." I replied, trying to stealthily move more into his embrace.

"Good choice." Blake said in a whisper, as he twisted and tugged at my nipple.

Blake suddenly stopped, but his hand remained cupping my breast. Within second the waitress was at our table asking for our orders. Blake ordered an appetizer, and both of our meals. The waitress flirted constantly with Blake, and even touched his arm before she left. He gave no reaction but pulled me closer to him when she did this.

"I see your calendar is a bit more filled in. Good girl Katie." Blake said.

Shit, he had noticed.

"Yeah, just a few changes." I replied, "Some plans over the next month solidified."

"Do you usually work the same schedule weekly?" He asked.

"Normally yes." I replied, "But we've been short staffed so sometimes it changes."

"I get that, I deal with some of the same." Blake said while pulling his arm from around me and sliding his hand on my knee.

I slid closer to Blake, closing the gap between us. Blake's hand slid up and down my thigh on top of my skirt, and then slowly made its way to the hem of my skirt. His fingers slowly peeled back my skirt exposing my knee, and Blake rested his hand on my knee.

"I noticed you are going on vacation in a couple weeks. Where are you going?" Blake asked, while slowly inching his hand up my thigh under my skirt.

"My parents have a cabin just outside of Chattanooga." I replied, trying to keep my breathing steady as Blake's hand continued to inch up my thigh, "I'll go this weekend to open it up and make a list of things needed, and then I'll spend a week there. It's quiet, no one around for miles. I love it."

"Take your panties off Katie." Blake commanded.

I spit my drink all over the table and began coughing.

"Way to draw attention to yourself." Blake stated while chuckling.

"You caught me off guard." I replied, "Ok, I'll be right back."

"No, you won't." Blake stated, "You'll take them off here. I won't tell you a third time, don't make me spank you in front of the bar patrons."

I could feel my cheeks flush bright red. I couldn't tell if Blake was joking or not, he usually laughed when he was joking but he had a stern tone this time. I reached down and pulled my skirt up. I slowly raised up and slid my panties to my ankles, reached down and grabbed them with my hand. I balled them up in my hand and held them out for Blake. He took them, brought them up to his face and inhaled deeply before stuffing them in his jeans pocket.

Our waitress appeared with our appetizer and refills of our drinks. Blake's hand returned to its previous place on my thigh and began inching its way up again. As the waitress disappeared, Blake's hand made it to my pubes and began rubbing my outer pussy lips.

"Back to the topic at hand. Your vacation." Blake stated as his fingers continued to caress me, "That was actually good timing for your vacation."

"Why is that?" I asked while taking a bite of the mozzarella stick. I parted my legs hoping Blake would probe further with his fingers.

"I will be on a business trip that week." Blake replied, "I have to fly out to California to do an inspection at a plant that's been having a lot of accidents lately."

Blake's fingers pressed further and began circling my clit. I took another bite of my food, hoping that keeping my mouth occupied would stifle any moans that I had bubbling up in my throat. Blake's fingers began rubbing my clit with more pressure. My hand gripped Blakes leg, digging my fingers into his thigh.

"Blake," I said through heavy breathing, "If you continue, I don't know if I can keep quiet. Please Blake, we're in public."

Blake continued his slow, methodical assault on my clit. I could feel myself getting more wet with each stroke of his fingers. Blake suddenly inserted two fingers deep inside me, and I gasped.

"Seems like things are getting very damp around here." Blake stated.

Blake kept his fingers inside of me, while using his thumb to stroke my clit. His rhythm getting faster with more pressure. I bit my lip and choked back my moan as I came hard on Blake's fingers. No sooner did I cum, Blake stopped moving his fingers and stilled, his fingers still inside me.

As if on cue, the waitress appeared with our main courses. As she was setting our food down, and explaining dessert specials, Blake began to move his fingers in and out of me. Fuck. If he continues, I'm going to cum in front of this lady, was all I could think.

Fucking lady, just leave and quit flirting I thought. I could feel my orgasm rising inside me again. My hand was on Blake's arm, and I dug my fingernails into his skin, as my legs began to shake as I orgasmed again. Blake then kept his fingers motionless inside my dripping pussy as the waitress continued her small talk.

"I think that will be all." Blake stated to the waitress, "I will come find you when we are ready for the check, no need to check in on us again."

The waitress left, and Blake turned to me, fingers still deep inside.

"Mine." He stated as slowly took his fingers out of my pussy, and I could feel my wetness dripping down my thigh. Blake brought his fingers up to his mouth and slowly licked them clean and said, "Mmm, The best flavor on the menu tonight."

We made small talk for the next hour as we ate our food. Everything was cooked perfectly, and I was still in post orgasm glow, as we finished our meals. I slowly began to realize that we would be leaving soon, and not only did I not have any panties on, but I could feel my damp skirt beneath me.

"Blake, we may have a problem." I stated, squirming in my seat.

"What might that be?" Blake stated while pulling out his credit card to pay.

"Umm, I may have, umm a bit of a wet spot on my skirt." I replied.

"Doesn't sound like a problem to me." Blake stated.

"But everyone will see when I get up." I said quietly.

"Perhaps you will remember that the next time you forget to update your calendar." Blake replied, smirking as he got up from the booth and offered me his hand to help me up.

I sat there, mouth agape, just staring at him. He did NOT just say that. He had planned this all along.

"You're going to catch flies with your mouth open like that." Blake stated while chuckling as he helped me to stand, "Let's go Katie Cat, the night is not over yet."

I stood, and faced the rest of the restaurant, and mapped out my exit. I was glad the skirt was more flowy, so maybe I could scrunch it up and the wetness wouldn't be noticeable.

"Hands in front Katie." Blake commanded, "You will not hide it."

Blake seemed to take his time as he slowly paid and signed for our food at the register. He kept me standing beside him, back to the rest of the people in the restaurant as he paid. We walked out to his SUV, and he again open and closed my door for me. We began driving, making small talk about my vacation and his work trip. Blake then pulled off on a side road that seemed to lead to nowhere.

We didn't continue to drive, but instead parked just next to the road we were on. It was a quiet road, with a car or two passing every few minutes. Blake got out of the car, and walked around to my door, opening it.

"Get out of the car Katie Cat." Blake stated in a low tone.

"What are we doing Blake? There's nothing around here." I stated as I unbuckled my seatbelt.

Suddenly Blake's hand was in my hair, pulling me into a kiss. His hand grabbed my waist and pulled me forcefully from the SUV. Blake turned me around, so I was facing the SUV and the road we were just on.

"Place your hands on the seat Katie." Blake commanded, "And face the road."

I stood there motionless, debating my options.

"Ok then, we can do this the hard way." Blake stated.

Blake grabbed my hands and pulled them behind my back. Blake opened the glove box and pulled out two zip ties and used them to bind my wrists together.

"What the fuck?" I yelled.

"Now Katie Cat, haven't we already had this discussion on yelling?" Blake questioned as he lifted my skirt above my waist and tucked it into my waistband so that my ass was exposed to the cool air.

I stood there, trying to move my arms, to see if I could free them. It was no use as Blake had them zip tied tight enough to not move but not so tight that it cut off circulation. Blake's hand was on the small of my back, holding me in the bent over position so that I also couldn't stand up straight.

"Do you remember the contract Katie Cat?" Blake asked.

"Yes," I replied, "I read it well, and signed it."

"Do you remember page two?" Blake quizzed, "Specifically about commands?"

"Somewhat, it said something along the lines of if I am asked to do something, I will comply." I answered.

"Correct Katie Cat." Blake replied, "Do you feel you have followed that this evening?"

Fuck. The evening felt so much like a date, that I had forgotten about the contract.

"No Sir, I have not." I replied.

"You will be punished for this infraction Katie Cat." Blake stated, "Your punishment will be a spanking until 7 cars have passed. 6 cars for the 6 infractions, from not keeping up with your calendar, to questioning me throughout the night. I will spank you 10 times after every car. You will keep count of the cars Katie Cat, should you lose count, we will start over back at 1. Do you understand?"

"Yes." I stated. I hoped a car would pass by soon as my ass was getting cold from the cool air outside.

I soon saw headlights shining on the windshield and heard a car drive by. No sooner did they pass, Blake started spanking my ass with his hand. I counted each slap of his hand in my head. I missed being spanked, and it felt good feeling his hand on my ass. When he was done, he began rubbing my ass with both hands, and I could feel my ass cheeks begin to flush and warm from his touch.

"What number is that Katie Cat?" Blake asked.

"One." I replied.

Two more cars passed by in the next ten minutes, and we repeated the same process. 10 spanks per car, me counting, and Blake rubbing my ass after each car. After car four, Blake not only rubbed my ass, but also slid his hand down through my pussy lips and began to rub my clit.

"I think you may be getting turned on by this, you're very wet." Stated Blake as he slid two fingers inside me, "You are not allowed to cum until we reach the end of six cars Katie Cat."

By car six, my ass was on fire. Each hit from Blake's hand felt like a hot poker from the fire searing my ass. Coupled with him stroking me after, I came within seconds of him fingering me when car six's spanks were completed. As I came, my pussy juices began to drip down my thigh.

Blake pulled me to a standing position and cut off the zip ties.

"Hands on the seat Katie Cat." Blake stated, "Or do I need to restrain your arms again?"

I bent over and placed my hands on the seat, steadying myself. I could hear Blake rustling around but didn't dare try to turn around to see what he was doing. Within seconds, several cars came driving down the road, and just as one was equal with Blake's SUV, he slid his hard cock deep inside me. I gasped at the feeling and began to moan, pushing myself back onto him.

"Someone has a greedy pussy it seems." Blake said while reaching around and grabbing my breasts in both hands. Blake twisted and teased my nipples, as he continued to pound me from behind.

"Yes, Blake." Was all I could get out through my moans.

"Oh, Katie Cat, we have to do something about how loud you are." Blake stated, as I could feel him reaching in his pants. Blake took out my panties and stuffed them into my mouth.

Blake held my hips as he continued to slam into me. My moans continued to be muffled by the panties in my mouth as I began to orgasm once again, with Blake's cock buried deep inside me. Blake reached around, grabbed my breasts in both hands and pulled me close to him as he continued to thrust. I could feel another orgasm building, as I began to squirt all down my legs, all over Blake's cock, as he thrust once more and came deep inside me.

Blake bent me over the seat so that I was laying on the seat again. We both stood there, Blake's cock still inside me, as we continued to slow our breathing. He pulled away from me and stepped back several feet. I could hear his phone snap several pictures before he walked back to stand beside me.

"You made a mess Katie Cat." Blake stated as he pulled me into a standing position, "You need to clean me up."

"Umm, do you have a towel or something in the back?" I asked.

Blake just stood there and laughed. I didn't see what was so funny about asking where he kept things. What the fuck was he laughing at?

"No Katie Cat, there are no towels." Blake replied while grabbing a fistful of my hair and forcing me to my knees. "You will clean me up with your mouth."

I kneeled there in front of Blake. I really did make a mess of him, he looked how my pussy and legs likely looked, a dripping mess of both of our fluids. I took my tongue and trailed up his thigh, ensuring I got each drop that had dripped down. As I reached his cock, he was still semi hard. As I took my tongue and swirled it around the head of his cock, I could feel Blake tense up as his cock became fully erect again.

"Enough of the slow Katie Cat." Blake stated, "The traffic is picking up and it's getting late. Finish your job so we can go."

I began to take Blake's cock into my mouth and suck the length of his shaft. Suddenly Blake grabbed the back of my head and thrust deep into my throat. He held my head there, not moving. I began to gag at his length and pull away. The more I struggled the more he held tight.

"You are going no where Katie Cat." Blake growled under his breath, "All of your holes are mine, remember that."

Blake pulled away from my mouth, while holding my hand firm in his grasp.

"Please Blake, don't do that again, I'll go faster, I promise." I stated. I was a mess, with tears and mascara dripping down my face, and drool slowly dripping from my mouth.

"What make's you think you have a choice in this little girl?" Blake questioned as he thrust deep in my throat again, "You are mine to use."

Blake continued to thrust into my mouth despite my gagging on his cock. I gave in and stopped trying to pull away, as that only egged him on and tightened his grasp on me when I did. Within seconds Blake came again, deep in my throat, and then pulled me up by my hair.

"Swallow every drop Katie, or we'll have to go round two so you can do it properly." Blake stated.

I swallowed and stuck out my tongue, showing my empty mouth. Blake came closer to me so that our noses were touching.

"Good girl Katie Cat." Blake whispered as he pulled me into a kiss. "Sit on your seat, I'll be right back."

I went to sit in the passenger seat and was rudely reminded of my sore ass. It was likely to be bruised by morning. Blake went to the back of his SUV and pulled out a small bag. From the bag he pulled out a small towel and a bottle of water. He got the towel damp, and slowly lifted my skirt and began to clean up my legs.

"All better." Blake stated as he climbed into the driver's seat, "Let's get you home. I'm glad you have the next two days off so that you can recuperate."

"I'm glad too." I replied, "I'm pretty sure my ass will be a nice shade of blue and purple by morning."

"It probably will." Blake stated, "When you get home, you will need to ice it and then take a warm bath. Then put on your comfiest pajamas and go to bed."

"And what if I don't want to go to bed yet?" I smirked at him, who did he think he was? My parent?

"I didn't ask what you wanted Katie Cat." Blake replied sternly, "I told you what you will do, and what you need to recuperate before you drop. You will do as your told and send pictures every 15 minutes verifying that you are following directions. If you do not, there will be consequences far worse than a walking in a damp skirt."

I sat and pouted as we pulled in front of my apartment building. Blake was likely right, that I would need to do some self-care, but I had made plans to go to the club with friends. Blake walked around the SUV and opened my door again. Blake pulled me into a hug, before kissing my forehead.

"You did good Katie Cat." Blake stated, "Now go do as you're told. Goodnight."

"Goodnight, Blake." I replied as my building door closed behind me.

I did as Blake told, pictures and all. Blake was right on one thing; I didn't realize how much I needed the rest and hot bath. By the end of my bath, my exhaustion set in, and I fell asleep within minutes of my head hitting my pillow.

I woke in the morning with my roommate Jess knocking on my bedroom door. As I sat up in be my ass throbbed and reminded me of the activities the night before.

"Katie, Doordash just delivered us breakfast. Did you order something?" Jess asked.

"Umm no." I said stretching out on my bed.

"Well, there was a note with it, and it's got your name on it." Jess stated.

"Hmm?" I said while still laying there half asleep, "Let me see it."

Katie handed me the note, it was from Blake. Go figure. For something that I thought was going to be casual, he sure did seem to have a desire to take care of me, or at least make me fat with all this food. The note read:

"Katie Cat, I much enjoyed our evening, I hope you did as well. Enjoy your breakfast, as well there is a nice bruise cream in the bag, as I am sure your ass will benefit from it. Have a relaxing couple of days off. Blake"

"Oh, its from a guy I'm sorta seeing." I said taking the bag from Jess.

"What?!?!" Yelled Jess, "You've not mentioned anyone, when do I get to meet mystery man?"

"Probably never Jess, it's just a casual thing." I replied taking a bite of my toast, "He at least has excellent taste in food."

My day was mostly planned out, with errands and shopping with friends. Each time I sat; I was painfully reminded of the night with Blake. My ass was a deep shade of blue and purple and hurt anytime I brushed against something. Later in the afternoon my plans derailed as I got called into work since both people called off. At least I would get the overtime, and still get enough sleep to open my parents cabin tomorrow.

I strolled into work, and of course the annoying Nikki was on shift again. At least I would only have to ensure two hours of her and could hide away in the cooler stocking for most of it. I punched in and got to work restocking our coolers. I bent over picking up Pepsi bottles all over the floor that I knocked over when I heard the cooler door open.

"Nikki, whatever it is, it can freaking wait. My fingers are already frozen and now I have this shit to reorganize." I said, annoyed at her for interrupting.

I heard the cooler door click shut. Ugh she didn't reply, she'll be pouty all night now. I went to go apologize, but before I could turn around, I was shoved against the cooler wall.

"What the fuck?" I yelled.

"You and your yelling Katie Cat. We will have to work on that." Blake whispered as he pushed me into the wall more.

"What the hell Blake. I'm at work, I have shit to do, let me fucking go." I stated.

"Your time is MINE Katie Cat." Blake growled as he held one hand on my head, my cheek was starting to go numb from the cooler wall. "How surprised was I to go take dinner and a surprise to your apartment and find out you were working. Have you NOT learned the importance of keeping your schedule updated?"

At Blake said the last word, he slapped my ass, hard. I yelped out in pain as he struck my ass a second and third time.

"It was last minute Blake, I had to come in. Please, I'm at work, we can't do this here. I promise it won't happen again." I pleaded.

Blakes free hand felt in the waistband of my yoga pants and yanked them down forcefully. I could then hear him unzip his jeans. I started to cry, I didn't think he'd actually come to my job, there were customers opening the cooler doors, and Nikki at the register.

"You need to be quiet Katie Cat, be too loud and someone will hear you." Blake stated, "You have your safe word, you signed your time over to ME Katie Cat, you WILL remember that."

Blake let go of my face and I began to pull away so I could move away from him, while pulling up my pants.

"Where the fuck do you think you're going Katie Cat?" Blake asked menacingly.

"You made your point Blake. I will make sure to update the calendar. I have work to finish." I stated, taking a step towards the cooler door.

"No, I have not made my point, you will know when I've made my point." Blake said in a low voice while grabbing my hair and shoving my face back into the cooler wall, "You will stay here, or this will be worse."

"Blake stop please. Just stop. This is where I work." I pleaded again.

Blake lifted my shirt, and pulled my breasts from my bra, and then pushed my chest against the cooler wall too. He yanked my pants down again, and without warning thrusted his hard cock deep inside me.

"Blake, stop!" I yelled again hoping he would get the point. I pushed back against him, but he had me pinned against the wall with my legs spread far enough that I couldn't get any leverage.

Blake continued to pound my pussy from behind. Each thrust made me wince, as his thrust would cause his hips to hit my ass right on the bruises. Blake's assault was quick as he came within minutes. Blake didn't seem to care if it felt good for me or if I even came this time. I was shaking all over. It could have been from the coldness of the cooler, Blakes assault, or both. But I couldn't stop shaking.

After Blake came inside me, he zipped his pants and turned towards the door. Without a word Blake left and I slunk to the floor with my pants still around my ankles. The coolness of the floor at least felt good on my ass. After a few minutes I got myself together and finished my stocking.

"Your hunky food guy left you a note." Nikki said while I walked back to the front counter.

"Thanks." I said sarcastically as I shoved the note into my pocket and finished up some paperwork for the remaining thirty minutes that Nikki was there.

Once she was gone, I opened Blake's note.

"Katie Cat. Your time is Mine. You are Mine, and as each rule is broken, your punishments will become harsher. Blake"

I barely finished my shift without breaking down. As soon as I sat in my car, I winced again from the pain on my ass, and cried for the entire drive home. I crawled into bed and checked to make sure my trip to open the cabin was in my calendar before falling asleep.

I awoke to my phone notifications going off. It was a text from Blake.

"Katie, I hope you slept well. Have a safe drive to the cabin. I know you will be heading back there in four days, and I will be headed to my work trip the day before. I want you to take this time to reflect on our dynamic thus far, what you have gotten out of it, what you have disliked, or what you would like to continue. I expect a well detailed email by your vacation so that I have something to read while I am away. Blake"

He could have at least fucking apologized. But no, he gives me shit to do when I already have to open the cabin, then pack, and work the next 4 days. I stewed over my thoughts on Blake for the whole two hours to the cabin.

I drove 20 minutes to the little town close to the cabin. I hadn't eaten all day and decided to stop at the small family-owned restaurant. I ate some food rereading Blake's text, fuming at the way it was written. I noticed the time and went to get on with my errands as I still needed to go grocery shopping, make a firewood order, and get the gas refilled.

"Can I get the check please?" I asked the waitress.

"No need Hun, the guy leaving just now already paid for it." The waitress replied, motioning towards the door.

Who the hell was that? The person had the build of a man, but shoulder length black hair. It was not Blake; he has short sandy blond hair. And this guy got into a mid-sized Nissan. Not Blake's car. No one knows I'm up here except for Jess, Blake, and my parents.

"Umm, ok thanks. Here, take this as a tip." I told the waitress before leaving.

The Nissan was turning a corner as I got outside. So much for trying to figure out who it was. Weird.

I stopped at the hardware store, and got my firewood and gas ordered. Ever since the diner, I kept seeing black Nissan's everywhere. I kept telling myself that it was a common car and I was being stupid.

Before heading to the grocery store, I stopped by the liquor store to grab a few bottles of wine. As I was going up and down the aisles, I kept seeing someone with long black hair turn the corner of each aisle I went down. My anxiety started kicking in, and I doubled back to the previous aisle and confronted them.

"Who the hell are you?" I yelled, "And why are you following me?"

"What the fuck." The guy said while taking two steps backwards, "I don't know you, crazy lady, leave me alone."

"Why did you pay for my lunch? Are you the one in the Nissan?" I continued to question him as he tried to walk away.

"Lady, I don't fucking know you, leave me alone!" The guy yelled.

As soon as he said that the clerk came over to us.

"Is there a problem here? Why are you yelling sir?" The clerk asked.

"This lady won't leave me alone; I think she's not right in the head. She keeps going on about her lunch and a Nissan or something." The guy told the clerk.

"I'm sorry." I apologized, "I thought someone was following me, and they had hair like yours. I'll just take my stuff and go."

I got in my car, trying to calm myself down. I kept telling myself that I was probably just imagining things since I was upset and angry about Blake. Even though I kept saying that in my mind, I kept getting a weird feeling. I hurried and got my groceries and took everything back to the cabin.

I locked up and got in my car to begin my drive back. As I pulled down the driveway towards the road, a black Nissan pulled away. Forget it Katie, just forget it, they were probably just turning around, and you've already made an ass of yourself once today.

I drove back home and began counting down the days until my vacation so that I could take some time to decompress. I began my mental note of things I wanted to include in my email to Blake per his request. I got home and fired up my laptop, getting started on the email to Blake. I definitely did not want to break another request or rule before my vacation.
