I have read with interest the stories published and wanted to relate
my own experience. Just to describe myself briefly I am a 31 year old
Indian, happily married person living in Dubai. My husband is 45 yrs
old, a British citizen and a company director in a leading local
firm. We have a lovely daughter 5 years old. I am 5'7" and
have a very petite figure. Due to our varied age difference it was
obvious that we would be having different needs for our sexual
desires. His being very sedate and moderate while mine being very
vibrant and
carnal. Further due to his work commitment he travels a lot around
the globe leaving me and my daughter at home. As you may be aware it
is very difficult to have an extra marital relationship in Gulf
countries as if the authorities find out you will undergo a lot of
suffering.

The experience happened for a period of 6 months from August last
year till January 2004.

We have always had maids and drivers to work in our house and mostly
it has been couples as my hubby is not keen to have single persons
due to the complicated laws of the country we live in. However, last
year June, the couple we employed had to leave and we were desperate
to find an option to help in the garden and the household. After many
interviews we finally decided to employ a young boy (22 yrs old) as
our gardener and employ a part time maid to do the household chores
and cooking. While the boy had accommodation in the staff living
quarters the maid came from 1.30 PM and worked till night.

The guy we hired was a Pathan named Farhan, very strong built lad who
was over 6' tall. He was a very handsome but a tough looking guy.
The first look I had of him aroused my sexual juices. Although, I was
looking forward to a relationship to satisfy my desires I had never
dreamt of one in the house we live in. Our house is a fairly large
one with a swimming pool in one corner of the back garden. The staff
quarters was located by the side of the swimming pool with a hedge to
separate the pool and the living quarters. As you my have imagined
Farhan was given accommodation in the quarters and was only in the
house to have meals.

The second day it self I decide to check his pulse. So when my hubby
left for work in the morning taking our little girl to school I
decided to wear the skimpy (g-string) swimsuit I have and take a
plunge to the pool. However, to my disappointment he failed to notice
me although I was in the pool area for almost 2 hrs. Next day I tried
the same and in fact even decided to lie on my back (facing the
hedge) and unfasten the hooks of the top and the knot of my
"g-string swim trunk". Again  it was a total disappointment.
However, I noticed on the third day that he was not to be seen in
the garden during the time I was in the pool, which aroused my
curiosity to call him and request for a drink  lo and behold my
imagination was
right, as he appeared from his quarters hastily buttoning a shirt  I
guess he was enjoying the display of my scantily clad wet body. Two
more days passed by and I had no luck other than my imagination.

The next week I decided to make the bold step and called him to help
me clean some stuff in the kitchen. I wore a long white t-shirt with
no bra and panty. The t-shirt only extended to cover my ass cheeks.
From the front my breasts was very evident and even my trimmed pussy
could be seen clearly.

Farhan was working in the garden and was wearing a pair of shorts but
bare bodied from the top when I called him to come and help me. His
sweaty body made me get aroused instantly as he walked through the
door and my nipples made a pointed effect exposing my desires. I
could see his eyes glaring at the transparent t-shirt and enjoying
the feast before his eyes. However, both of us were scared to make
any unwanted moves although we had an excellent opportunity to test
our desires. I decided to bend a lot of times to give him a birds eye
view of my ass cheeks hoping he would grab and pounce brutally taking
control of the aching crack with his "thick rod", but he too
was confined to enjoying the spectacle rather than exercise his
authority.

I then decided to clumsily knock against him hoping he would jump at
the idea of grabbing me but it was only I brushing against him was
the sole desire I had. In the couple of days that followed, I noticed
that when we passed each other he used to accidentally knock on me
too and then I knew that our desires for each other was mutual.

Despite our passionate advances of knocking against each other
continued the first carnal encounter happened so suddenly and without
any plan or devious ideas. It was almost two weeks since he had been
at home when one day the water truck had come to deliver the water
bottles. They usually deliver early morning but the day in question
they came late  around 9.00 A.M. I was naked in my room cleaning
my nails preparing for a bath. My room door was opened and the CD was
blasting my favorite songs, hence I did not hear him calling for me
or approaching the door. I had turned my back to the door and was
bending over to file my toenails. Suddenly I heard him requesting for
the money to pay for the water and simultaneously felt a hand
touching my ass cheeks, as I was about to turn he grabbed them with
both hands as it was piece of meat, digging his nails into my fleshy
round buttocks. I was stunned as I never expected it and he was
groping and squeezing while trying to insert a finger up my arse
hole. I managed to wriggle out of his clutches and as if nothing had
taken place and without trying to cover my nudity just gave him the
money to pay for the water. In the moment of ecstasy I also noticed
the "HUGE" bulge on the shorts straining against the buttons
that was holding it in place. He was reluctant to go and kept
staring at my nudity that was in full exhibition for him to savor
his carnal
desires. I just beckoned him to go and make the payment. He ran down
the stairs to make payment.

I was sad that I had to dismiss him from the room, as I too wanted
him so badly inside me. Having this carnal thoughts and still having
a memory of his finger trying to poke up my ass, I bent down again to
file my nails. My imagination did not last too long as almost in a
flash I felt the groping of strong hands and the fingers ripping up
my ass. He had made the payment and was up in a flash to sodomize my
body full of carnal desires. His grip was strong and very
domineering. I a mere 5'6" weighing only 48 kgs was a pawn in
this massive structure of 6'4" weighing approx. 100 kgs. He pushed
me with his weight and but not releasing his authority on my ass
cheeks and already he had two fingers tearing my ass crack. In no
time I was
pushed against the wall and he planted his teeth on my bare shoulders
biting into the flesh while ramming the fingers to it's full
extent up may ass. Although the pain was excruciating and an
agonizing yelp came out of my mouth the carnal desires soon turned
the pain to
ecstatic pleasure. He was biting my shoulder and neck and wetting
with his saliva while fucking my ass with his fingers. This violent
motion lasted a good five minutes before he relaxed his grip on me
that enabled me to turn my body and face him. His eyes were staring
hungrily and he looked like a fierce tiger waiting to devour his
prey.

I spat at him angrily and slapped him squarely on the face. This only
turned him on to slap me back and spit back on to my face. His spit
was (unlike mine) a lot more and came splat on my forehead and
started to roll down my face. He then grabbed me by the shoulders and
pushed me back to the wall and forced his lips on mine and started
probing my mouth with his tongue. I tried to push him but his
strength was too much for me He was probing my mouth violently
kissing passionately, and decided to paste his body on mine and
started to rub his strong manhood on my limp body. His kisses were
very wet and lot of saliva spilled into my mouth.

I then decided to give in to him and dug my nails to the side of his
hands and returned the kiss with equal passion and desire. I then
decided to drop my left hand and feel his "strong rod" which
was pressed against my navel. As soon as my hand found its way to
feel
his crotch I released his pain by unbuttoning his shorts and exposing
the massive shaft to my naked eye. I squeezed his strong rod a bit
harder and he released his tongue from my mouth but held me firm in
his grip and pushed me to the ground. I buckled down in his strength
and fell on my buttocks He quickly dropped his shorts exposing his
huge naked structure in front of my eyes. His cock was a real
monster  may have been approx 8", dark in color with no
foreskin. His rod was pink at the tip and the blood vessels were
very evident showing his excitement. His cum balls were big too with
full of hair. I was used to only my husbands that was not more than
6". He held
me by my hair and pulled my mouth towards his crotch. I knew if I had
resisted then he would hurt me as had lost control of himself. He
rammed his tool down my throat and started to fuck my mouth like
fucking a bitch in heat. He was pushing his tool while pulling my
head towards him trying to make me take his entire tool into my
mouth.
It was chocking me. Even when I touched his balls and squeezed them
to show that I am enjoying he did not stop the violent mutilation of
my mouth and throat. His passion and desire was so strong he could
last only a few minutes I could feel the pre cum dripping into my
throat. He then yanked his cock out and splashed his cum all over my
face and body. It was like a hot river gushing out spurts of thick
liquid. He then let go of his wise like grip on me for the first time
and started to move away.

As he was moving away I touched his crotch that had now gone limp but
still a hanging 5" or more, and smiled. I said, "Is that the
way you fuck a woman"? I guess he felt bad and said "sorry
madam". I then squeezed his crotch and pulled it saying, "I liked it
too". I was still on the floor and he was standing over me. I moved
my mouth towards his cum balls (which were now sagging) and started
to play on them with my tongue. This gave him the full
encouragement. I rolled my tongue over his balls while holding his
cock and started playing with the tip of his cock with my index
finger I then moved my mouth over his cock and started licking it
too and cleaning the mess that had been caused by his load of cum. I
licked his tool rolling my
tongue all over it making it very wet.

While releasing his dick from my mouth I then pulled him too to the
floor and hugged him tight to my body letting him feel all the
curves. I then took his hand and guided to my cunt. His fingers were
thick and rough. He was no "patient lover". As soon his
fingers met my inviting cunt he was thrusting his fingers into my
already lubricated cunt and he was able to insert two fingers with
ease. As he started to finger fuck me I was kissing his rough
shoulders and licking his hairy chest. He then moved his other hand
to my breasts
cupping them both with his single hand and started to knead and
squeeze them. It was painful and I had to request him to slow down.
Then he started playing with each of my nipples rolling them around
his fingers and pulling them simultaneously while fucking my cunt
with three fingers. The moment was painful but the pleasure was
ecstatic. I was coming into another orgasm while his fingers kept
fucking me and I bit my teeth in to his strong shoulders. This made
him more excited and he slapped across my face that stunned me and
the force made me to roll away from him. When I looked I could see
his eyes gleaming for more action

Amidst the entire finger fucking and playing with my breasts and
nipples Farhan's dick was like a massive shaft waiting to pounce
on its prey. Like a "hungry tiger" he jumped on my back and
pulled me by my hair while with his fingers he was yanking my arse
crack. I knew at that moment I was going to be arse fucked and I was
afraid as I had never experienced it and knew it could be painful.
He then decided to lift me up and made me saddle on my knees while
each time I resisted he was pulling me by my hair. He kept on finger
fucking my arse, initially with one finger and then moving on to
insert two
fingers. His fingers too were very stocky and rough and it hurt me
badly. Each time I yelped out in pain he pilled my hair. Then the
moment came  He just got onto his knees and entered my arse
with his cock. His first push was enough to experience the pain that
I was scared of and I screamed in pain. This only excited him more
and he
pushed and shoved his dick further each time going deeper and tearing
my arse crack. And once he was approximately three quarter inside he
started his gallop like saddling a horse by holding me by my hair and
fucking me like a bitch and a whore. Although the initial push was
painful I started to enjoy the fuck. He then dropped his other hand
to pull and squeeze my breasts that were hanging down and he was
making all kinds of noises like a deranged person. This lasted almost
ten minutes and my entire body was aching and my knees were buckling
against his weight. Finally he too was tired and my agony (or should
I say ecstasy) ended when he decided to cum all over my arse and back
with some of his cum shooting straight on to my head. I was so
exhausted with all the fucking that I just slumped on to the floor.

Farhan was still hungry for more although his massive shaft had gone
limp and sagging. He turned me face up but I pretended to be asleep.
He took my hand to his dick but I could not take it anymore. Then he
got on top of me and started to rub his cock against my breasts. He
rubbed them against my nipples and within no time he was able to
arouse me and make the nipples stand out. I was scared as the maid
was due to come in the afternoon and I had lost track of what the
time it was. However, as soon as he felt I was responding he moved
his cock to my face again and started rubbing against my cheeks. The
smell of his cum and my cum was very strong which made me ready
again. With two fingers he pushed my cheeks to open my mouth and
while he glided his cum soaked cock into my mouth I opened my eyes.
He then gave a wry smile and started to fuck my mouth again. While I
was sucking his cock he started to finger my cum filled cunt. The
fingers slid very easily as it was very wet and full of cum, both his
and mine. He then turned his body to a position 69er and while I was
sucking on his limp cock he started to suck my clit and rolling his
tongue up my cunt. I felt ashamed as my cunt was full of cum and was
wandering what the taste might be for him. After continuous sucking
and tongue fucking for a while he was ready again to fuck the
daylights off me.

He then made me face him and lifted my legs over his shoulders and
entered my cunt pushing deeper and deeper with each thrust and I
could feel it almost touching my vagina walls. This time he started
calling me names like " fucking bitch", "my little whore" and so on
while fucking harder and harder  deeper and deeper. The fucking
lasted several minutes and I could take no more. However, before he
shot his load into me I was able to have two more orgasms that made
me so tired and completely exhausted. He was tired too and sweat was
pouring from both our bodies. Finally with a Yank and a Yelp he shot
a load full of cum right into me and kept pumping until the last
drop was drained in to my cunt. He then looked at me and felt I was
not ready to fuck any more and he pulled out his cock from my cunt
and dropped me to the floor with a thump and I could see that he had
a very satisfying grin on his face. However, he was not over as yet.

He then pulled out his shaft and started rubbing his limp cock on my
face slowly moving to my breasts. Then he tightened his thighs on my
shoulders while rubiing his cock on my breasts. I was feeling so
exhausted and was fighting for breath. He kept on rubbing until I
felt him growing all over again ..mmmmmmmmm. He then sat up and
took his shaft in his hands and started to shag himself with the
cock pointed to my face. Within a few minutes of shagging he came
once again on my face which started to drip all over my body again.

Finally he got up while I was still lying on the floor and he peed
all over my face and body. I tried to avoid by shielding with my
hands but it made him laugh and started to pee across my entire body.
When he had finished he pulled me by my hair and wiped his urine and
cum on my hair and dropped me like a potato to the floor. In the
meantime the urine had dripped and had made a puddle on the floor and
when I was dropped I fell slap on to the puddle wetting my back too
with his urine.

He then came down and kissed me on my lips and asked, "Madam did
you enjoy?" I just smiled confirming him of my agreement. It was the
best day of fucking in my entire life and I knew I was in for a
world of enjoyment at home.

PART II

I had fallen asleep after the steamy saucy affair and when I woke up
it was almost noon. Farhan had come several times with a bucket of
water to help clean the mess we had caused in the room. I was very
grateful for his consideration and started to like him more. He then
agreed to clean the room while I went into have a nice warm bath. I
slid into the bathtub and closed my eyes and pictured in detail all
the moments I enjoyed in Farhan's arms. Finally I have found
contentment to my desires in my own home.

There were a few aches and pains in my body especially in my arse
crack and I decided not to indulge in any form of sex for a few days.
Therefore for the next three days I decided to stay away from Farhan.
As for my husband it was easy as he was too tired after work and was
not interested in having any sex. But, my sexual partner Farhan, was
a handful and I had to find ways to stay away from his amorous
advances. I noticed he used to come as soon as my husband left for
work but had to turn back as I decided to sleep or watch TV in the
room with the door firmly locked. Whenever, I was down in the kitchen
and if I was alone he used to come and touch me and grope especially
my arse. In fact one day he came into the kitchen when my husband was
in the living room and held me tight by the waist and was rubbing
himself on me. I had to fight my way free from his grip without
making any sound. The next day after our brief rendezvous he came
from behind and whispered that he wants me again. I smiled but did
not say anything.

Three days passed and we only had body contact and a couple of times
he was able to grope me from behind. However, as the weekend was
approaching I wanted to experience this wonderful new relationship
one more time. After my hubby went for work I dressed in my skimpy
bikini that I had never worn till that day. In fact when I looked
over in the mirror I was ashamed to wear it, as it was a two piece
suit with the top being two covers to hold my breasts tied on a
string at the back which barely covered my breasts and the bottom
which was also a string with a small cup to cover my pussy. Anyway I
decided to wear a towel to shield my nakedness as I was scared that
neighbors might have a spectacle too when I walk in the garden
towards the pool.

I looked for Farhan but as usual he was not to be seen. Then I swam
for some time and came over to the plastic lounge chair to relax.
After applying the suntan I turned on my back and untied the string
holding my top and lied down hoping Farhan would see my inviting
posture. I did not have to wait for too long. Suddenly I felt
somebody had approached me. I looked up to see to my full view was
Farhan exposing his full dick towards me. Then he started pissing
straight onto my face. I rolled from the chair to the ground but he
kept pissing on me. As I rolled over my breasts became exposed with
the top falling down.

I got up and started running at him as he started to run towards his
quarters. He entered first and went into hiding waiting for me and
as I entered his quarters he came from behind me and tackled me to
the ground and we both fell on each other on the floor of his room.
He then grabbed me started kissing affectionately licking my face
with his tongue like a cat licking his prey and holding me tight to
his body. I felt I was in seventh heaven. He kissed me all over my
face licking me like a dog. Then he released one of his hands and
started to touch my breasts. As he shifted to touch my breasts his
exposed crotch touched my inner thighs. I rolled my legs over it in
a flash and held it tight against my leg. I soon felt his manhood
growing against my inner thigh and I was waiting to have it inside
me.

As usual his hands were rough and I too decided to make him a bit
angry to arouse him. I tried to push him with my hands but he was too
strong. I started to struggle and this only made him to pin me down
with his legs by circling and holding me tight in a vice like grip
with his legs. Then he stopped kissing me and releasing his hand from
my breasts he held my shoulders tight pinning me down to the ground
while from the corner of his mouth I could see a grin of
satisfaction. He then dropped his right hand and yanked at my thong
bikini snapping it so hard that the buckle gave way and it tore from
the seams. The pain made me slap him hard on his face. The slap
caught him by surprise and he rolled away freeing me from his fierce
grip. I tried to move away from him into the room but I could only
take a few steps when he came at me and held me by my hair pulling my
naked body pasting onto him. He then flung me like a piece of meat
onto his bed. I went face down straight to his pillow.

When I turned over and looked up Farhan was standing by the bed
taking off his shorts and displaying his naked body to my full view.
As I tried to get up he lifted his right leg and planted on my crotch
pinning me on the bed and with one hand he tugged on my hair pulling
my head forward. It was painful and I could not move my body much to
lift although he was pulling me. I tried to move his leg but he was
too strong. On a nearby chair there were some soiled dirty underwear
of his. He commanded me to take one and to suck it. As I took one it
was very foul smelling and nauseating. I just threw it back, but
this made him angry and he tugged my hair pulling my face down to
the heap of the soiled underwear while releasing his leg from my
crotch so that my body turned and planted my face on the pile of
underwear and groveling my head into them. He then commanded me to
take one into my mouth  which I did. Then he made me suck the
underwear, wetting with my spit making me to suck and suck on the
soiled underwear while he was laughing at his control. After I had
sucked on his underwear he pulled me from the bed and threw me to
the floor demanding to lick his toes. I looked at him inquiringly
hoping he would release me from this degraded act, but he pushed my
face to the floor with one toe confirming his demand. His toes were
very soiled but started to lick them one by one to avoid any more
pain. This weird act was making me very horny.

I started licking his toes and started to move up his legs. His legs
were very hairy. I was licking and with my teeth pulling at the skin
while slowly moving up the leg. As I started to lick his thighs he
was feeling very aroused. I kept playing with his thigh muscles
licking and nibbling them as I slowly inched my face towards his cum
balls. As I came under his hairy cum balls I decided to rub my cheek
against the balls while licking and nibbling the top part of his leg.
While I moved my mouth from one leg to the other I was gently licking
the cum balls. This lasted for a few minutes as I kept licking the
upper part of his thighs while gently taking a peck on the skins of
the cum balls without actually licking them. Farhan was getting very
excited and he now held my hair again while trying to move my mouth
towards his hairy balls. I then held his massive shaft for the first
time encircling it between my fingers and slightly lifting it so that
my mouth could work on the hairy cum balls without touching the dick
with my mouth.

Finally I took the balls all into my mouth and started to play with
them with my tongue. They were very hairy and rough and were smelling
of urine. I kept on licking on them rolling my tongue over them
pushing the skin with my tongue slowly pecking at them with my teeth
while all them wetting them with my saliva. I could see from Farhan's
face that he was in "seventh heaven". I let my tongue keep probing
for a few more minutes as Farhan was now moving my head rubbing my
mouth on his cum balls vigorously. Then I started to move my face
close to his massive cock of 8". I first decided to lick around the
end of his cock while sucking and slurping on his hairy area wetting
it completely with my saliva. I kept rolling my tongue over the end
of his cock and tried to move away from this massive shaft. However,
Farhan just pushed me down and let my mouth meet this "thick rod of
flesh".

I started to kiss it passionately with my lips as I slowly started to
lick the length of the rod from end to its tip. Like his cum balls
the cock too smelled of urine. I kept licking the sides of his shaft
up and down and I could feel the excitement in his cock. I slowly
approached the tip of his cock all the time licking the rod, making
it very wet with my saliva. I then encircled the tip of his cock with
my tongue and started to lick the "red hot tip". Then I slowly took
the entire shaft into my mouth and started to lick up and down, up
and down. The cock was getting larger and I could feel pre cum
appearing on the tip of his cock. I kept licking the tip while
sucking up and down his cock all the time. Finally, he was loosing
control and he held my head tight and started fucking my mouth hard
shoving inches into my mouth and chocking it with his massive cock.
At last he yelled out and gushed his cum into my mouth while holding
me tight and pumping loads and loads of cum into my throat. I had to
keep drinking the cum as I was going to choke. There was a little
which started to spill from the ends of my mouth and dripped to my
body. He fucked me until he managed to empty the last drop of cum
into my mouth. I noticed now that the shaft was growing limp within
my
mouth as I released it.

He then lifted me up and started to kiss my cum smelling mouth. I had
to stand on tiptoe to reach his mouth. He then lifted me in his arms
and slowly took me to his bed. I was getting all horny, as I knew it
was a matter of time before my houseboy in his own bed was fucking
me.

He kept kissing me while laying me on the bed and I put my arms
around his neck and pulled him towards me. He fell on me, his body
crushing me under his weight to the bed as he planted a hungry kiss
on my lips and pushed his tongue into my mouth probing my mouth with
his tongue. His hand dropped down and started rubbing my pussy that
was neatly shaved. He rubbed and played with his fingers on my clit
arousing and making me hungry for his cock inside me. I too dropped
my hand and took hold of his cock and started to shag while waking
his already limp cock. He started to finger fuck me with two fingers
initially and then managed to slip in one more finger. It was a bit
painful but the pleasure was very satisfying. He kept fucking my cunt
with his fingers arousing my love juice and soon I was going to have
the first orgasm for the day. It was a thunderous one as I exploded
shuddering my body under the weight of my lover, Farhan. He too felt
that I had cum enjoying his masterly art of finger fucking.

In the meantime his cock was now back in size and waiting to tear me
up again. He then dropped his head and pushed himself down on my
body. He then cupped my breasts with his hands looking at them
hungrily and started to run his fingers roughly around my areola in
circles all the time tugging and pinching my rock hard nipples. He
then planted his mouth first on the left nipple and then on the right
and kept sucking on them like a hungry baby. While his mouth was
sucking on one nipple his hand was busy cupping and playing with the
other. With his hand he kept pressing my breasts with his fingers and
squeezing them hard while playing with my nipples all the time, and
his mouth was hungrily sucking and licking my breasts and pulling my
nipple with his teeth. I was getting very horny and slid two of my
fingers into my pussy and started playing by myself. The feeling was
sensational and the excitement was terrific. His sucking and my
finger fucking lasted enough time for me to have another orgasm. I
then took my cum wet fingers and held onto his mouth inviting him to
lick and taste my cum. He licked them and cleaned wetting my fingers
with his saliva.

Suddenly he got on top of me and slid his full grown shaft into my
slippery cunt which was filled with cum. The wetness made it very
easy for his cock to slide into the pussy without any struggle. I
then told him that I want fuck him and turned him around to lie on
the bed and got on top of him. While turning his cock had slid out
from my cunt, so I had to hold and guide it into my cunt as I sat on
him and started to fuck him. I raised my hands and started to play
with my breasts while pushing my head backwards and closing my eyes I
was enjoying this mysterious feeling of fucking my "house boy" like
a "bitch in heat". I could sense from the corner of my eye that he
was enjoying this fuck too. It was a new feeling for him I guess to
be fucked by the woman. I pumped his dick up my cunt slowly
increasing the pace and as I was ready to have another orgasm I could
feel the excitement growing within him too. He then raised himself
and held me tight as we both orgasms together in a lovely feeling of
sexual juice flowing all over. He shot straight into me dispatching
wave after wave of thick, sticky loads and loads of cum. In fact I
could feel the cum shooting up to the walls of my vagina and flooded
my cunt with loads and loads of cum. As I moved away I fell into his
arms and he held me tight in a warm tight embrace.

This steamy session lasted for almost 2 hours before I decided to
leave, as the time for the maid to come was getting closer. I tried
to get up but he held me tight not releasing his grip from me. I then
told him that I need to go as the maid was going to come in an hour's
time and we need to clean up ourselves. He made me promise that I
will come to him as soon as the weekend is over as during the weekend
my hubby is at home. Reluctantly he let go of me and I got up and
kissed him on his lips picked up my thong-swimming trunk and walked
to the pool to take the top and towel and walked back to the house
naked. I was not concerned even if any neighbors had seen me in this
state of my nakedness as I have enjoyed another wild fucking
experience.

I knew at last my boredom at home was over.


