Call Me Daddy, part 3

(Mf)

By Pan (c) 2001

"I think you need to learn how to REALLY handle the 
stick," Joe said.

"Oh really?" Alex asked.  "Are you going to teach me 
how to handle -- your stick, daddy?"

Joe looked towards Alex sitting in the passenger seat 
of his Aston Martin DB7 and grinned.  They had just 
finished her first lesson on driving manual 
transmission, and he was ready to go home.  He gunned 
it into fourth gear, and ripped down the avenue.  She 
had mastered and passed her drivers exam on the 
Mercedes SUV, but Joe wanted to continue her lessons.  
Joe had more than machinery on his mind as he revved 
the engine of the British sports car.

More than his car's engine was revving, as Joe looked 
towards his foster daughter.  Today Alex wore a tight 
pair of black jeans, which showed off her shapely 
behind and legs.  Her top was something made of 
mostly strings, with some fabric in front covering 
her grapefruit sized breasts. But no fabric hid her 
flat belly or the entirety of her back.  The halter 
top was green in color matching her large green eyes, 
which smiled back at him with mischief.

Joe pulled the Aston down a secluded road, which 
eventually lead to the bottom of a bridge.  It was a 
large suspension bridge that crossed the river.  It 
was late in the day, after Joe got out of work and 
Alex out of school, and the sun was setting.  This 
was the time they set aside for Alex's driving 
lessons.  They pulled into a little parking lot that 
accessed a service building for the bridge, but it 
was generally deserted.  Trees lined the shore of the 
river, and they could just see the water and the 
glistening of the setting sun through the leaves.

"Oooh, it's beautiful," Alex cooed as she stood up 
and looked over the windshield at the scene.  The DB7 
was a convertible, and it was spring, so they took 
advantage of it with the top down.

Joe admired the arch of her bare back as it led down 
to her a curvaceous and full bottom.  Her legs were 
shapely and held snuggly in her blue jeans.  She 
looked at him with a beaming smile on her face as her 
blond hair bounced back.  It was growing out very 
well now, and was almost shoulder length.  She could 
easily put it in a pony tail too.  She had also 
stopped wearing her nose ring and was down to three 
studs on her ears.  This only left her small eyebrow 
ring on her face, and her tongue stud in her mouth.  
Joe had to admit that he was starting to grow fond of 
the tongue stud, and the eyebrow ring was growing on 
him too.  Otherwise, Alex was turning into a very 
obedient and proper lady.

"It is beautiful, and so is my little girl.  And I 
think it's time for my little girl to learn how to 
handle my stick.  Take off your pants and straddle 
me."

Alex grinned and looked around, but nobody was around 
at this hour.  She leaned back against the leather 
chair and slowly undid the button and zipper of her 
jeans.  She then shoved her jeans and red panties all 
the way off.  Her pubic hair was still barely there 
at sixteen years old, only fuzz on her little mound.  
She climbed over to the driver's seat and straddled 
him while the engine to the DB7 was still running.  
She ground her little crotch on top of his already 
hard manhood and moved to kiss him.  His larger 
tongue probed liberally her small mouth, caressing 
the steel stud inside.

"I've never been on top before, daddy.  I'm not going 
to be very good at it."

"That's okay, honey, that's why we're going to teach 
it to you.  Take it slow, and you'll pick it up like 
a champ, like the good little fuck-daughter you are."

"Yes, daddy," she said as she continued to grind into 
his swelling crotch.

"Now undo my pants, and pull out my dick."

She put her small hands down between his legs as he 
felt her fingers undo his slacks.  Digging through 
his silk boxers she grabbed at his shaft with both 
hands and yanked it out.

"I love touching your dick, daddy."  She started to 
stroke it with both hands, her green eyes staring 
straight down at his penis; her mouth was hung open 
wet and hungry.

He rubbed both of her thighs straddled around him.  
"Are you wet enough, baby?"

"Yes, daddy.  I'm wet enough.  I'm ready to be 
fucked."  She looked at him smiling and kissed him on 
the lips again.

"Okay, put it in, and get into first gear."

Alex raised herself above his long shaft and worked 
his head inside.  She struggled a little, but 
eventually got the first portion of his penis inside 
past her labia.  Then she lowered herself to be 
impaled on him.

"Aaah..." she sighed.  "Fuck!  Your dick feels so 
good in my tight pussy.  God damn! I'm still shocked 
how good it feels every time you fuck me."

"Glad you like it, baby.  Nobody knows how to fuck 
his little girl like papa.  Now go slowly.  That's 
it.  Take it easy."

Alex started grinding away awkwardly.  His penis 
filled her up all the way to the point where she 
wanted to cry out.  Her movement was a little 
awkward, loosening herself from him at each grind.

"Oh daddy, I just want to get fucked so bad," she 
said as she uncontrollably increased her speed and 
then fell off his penis.  "Damn.  I'm sorry daddy.  
Wanna just bend me over, and fuck me the usual way?  
I'm so wet that I just want my pussy rammed like only 
you can."

"No no.  Get back on.  You're going to learn this 
right.  My little girl is going to know how to fuck 
right, and in every direction."

Alex nodded obediently and impaled herself on him 
again.

"I can't stay on, daddy. But my pussy just wants ride 
your shaft faster and faster."

"You go faster when I tell you.  When I want you to 
go slow, you go slow.  Got it?"

"Yes, daddy."

"Now move your cunt up and down more, and less 
forward and back.  That's it.  That's my little girl.  
First gear, keep it slow."

"Oooh, daddy," she moaned as she started to use her 
thighs to move up and down.  She arched her back and 
stared at the twilight sky.  The sun had almost gone 
down, and the stars were just coming out.  She lay 
perfectly level with his steering wheel, and she 
reached back to touch the top of the windshield.  Joe 
looked down approvingly as her sixteen-year-old 
pelvis moved itself up and down his slick, wet penis.  
Her vaginal opening was stretched wide to take in his 
large mature organ.  He held her round butt with one 
hand, and placed the other on top of her soft mound.  
His hands guided her movement until she rode up and 
down with full effect.

"That's my good girl.  Keep it slow.  Full motion.  
All the way down to... there, and then up.  Good.  
Good."

His hands continued to caress her butt and crotch 
sending her into feverish moans.

"Mmmm... daddy, you make me feel so dirty," she said 
with her eyes closed.

"That's because you are dirty.  My dirty little bitch 
daughter.  Faster, sweetie."  Alex readily increased 
her speed, but Joe had to slow her pelvis down with 
his hands.  He let her increase just a little, 
enjoying the friction of her tight wet vagina.  His 
hands then moved up to her top, which was fastened by 
only two strings just below her collar bone.  They 
untied easily, and the top then came off even easier, 
like sheet off a table revealing a setting of two 
perky breasts.  They were the size of softballs, but 
soft as sponges.  He grabbed one in each hand feeling 
their fullness.  Her nipples were raised and 
sensitive to the touch.

"Oh god," Alex said.  "It's hard to concentrate."  
Her rhythm was breaking up as he continued to massage 
her breasts.

"Focus on fucking my dick while I play with your 
beautiful tits.  Whatever happens, I don't want you 
missing a beat with your pussy.  I want your cunt to 
move like clockwork.  Up.  Down.  Up.  Down."

"Ahhhh, oh daddy."

Joe then leaned forward and began to kiss and suckle 
on his foster daughter's breasts.  "Aaah..." she 
moaned as he began to nibble on her left nipple, but 
she furrowed her brow and kept the steady rhythm 
between her legs constant.

"Faster," he said, and she obeyed, but his hands 
still held her back from her top speed.

"Oh, daddy.  Am I fucking you - ummmmh -like you 
want?"

"Yes, you are my little girl.  You're doing great."

The friction was building as he felt Alex's warm sex 
all around him.  She slid up and down his steering 
wheel with a forceful motion.  Occasionally the horn 
would go off as she became more excited and lost 
control.

Squeezing her breasts extra tightly he said, "Take it 
up one more notch."

"Ooooh..."  She bit her lip at desire to scream more.  
Her eyes locked on his as she continued to oscillate 
on him.  She was moving with such force now that her 
breasts jiggled with a life of their own.  Joe just 
put his hands down to his side and watched her work.  
Sweat glistened on her body, and he heard the light 
slapping on her vulva.

"Is my little girl getting tired?"

"No, daddy.  My cunt never tires of fucking."

"Then fuck faster."

"Yes, daddy...  aaah."

She now moved at her top speed.  A little pillar of 
sixteen year girl moving up and down his penis.  He 
relished the feeling of his stationary member 
surrounded by a blender of vagina friction and 
juices.  She was exerting herself, and moving fast, 
but her light one hundred plus pound body was hardly 
uncomfortable on his adult penis or lap.  Some women 
could only produce the sensations Alex produced with 
her vagina with their mouths, but her teenager vagina 
was so small and smooth.

"Daddy, I'm - ah - going to come!" she mumbled with 
her jaw hung open from the pleasure.

"Then come," he said as he put one hand back on her 
animated breast, and the other he used to start 
beating off her clitoris.  Her body started going 
wild jerking around at his touch.

"Aaaaaaaah!  God!  Oh, daddy!" He held her firm, and 
kept her pussy situated on his penis.  Her body 
convulsed, and he felt the area around his penis 
vibrate with released tension.  Her body slowed down, 
like a car rolling to stop, until she rested 
peacefully on top of him.  With his still erect penis 
still all the way up her, he started kissing her 
breasts.  She just leaned back and breathed deeply, 
her blond hair in her eyes and wet with sweat.  His 
hands just caressed her back and butt, while her 
insides still tingled around him.

"That's my good girl, but you're not finished yet.  
Get your pussy in gear and finish me off."

She smiled at him, and began to undulate her body 
over him again. "Yes, daddy.  My pussy is at your 
command.  Whatever your wonderful cock wants, I will 
give it."

She started moving again, but this time at a slower 
rate, the fastest her already tired body could 
maintain.  He took his time now too, and just 
caressed her body as it caressed him.  

"Uuungh," he said as his sperm shot into her.  He 
slowed her down, thrusting a few times into her with 
his own motion until he was finally done.  She then 
extracted herself, and moved to the passenger seat.  
Her head went down on his now limp penis to clean it 
up dutifully.  Joe laid his head back and stared at 
the now night sky as his foster daughter's tongue 
lovingly licked his penis and testicles.

"So can I take the Aston to school tomorrow?" Alex 
asked as she wiped away cream from her face.

"You don't drive the Aston until you've mastered the 
stick - and after a couple more lessons.  But you 
MIGHT be able to take the Aston out on your own when 
you can be on top, and regulate your speed exactly 
how I tell you, and with words only."

"Okay.  When do you want to try again?  Drive around 
for a while, and when you're ready I'll fuck you 
again."

"Quite the horny bitch, eh?"

"Yes," she beamed back.

"Sorry, dear.  We have to get back.  Mother's making 
dinner."

She was disappointed, but dutifully put her clothes 
back on.  Joe roared the DB7 engine and raced back to 
the house.  After about twenty minutes they were back 
in the suburbs, and pulling up to Joe's spacious 
house.  They parked the Aston Martin next to Joe's 
Mercedes SUV and his wife's Honda mini-van.

Alex rushed in the living room skipping and full of 
energy, and Joe trailed behind her.  Inside Jane was 
sitting on the couch watching cable.  Her long brown 
hair was pulled back in a pony tail, and her icy gray 
eyes stared at Alex with anger for disturbing her 
show.

"Where have you been?" Jane asked.

"I... well I was out driving the Aston Martin," Alex 
responded proudly.

"Dad!" cried Jane.  "Why does she get to drive the 
Aston Martin DB7?  What about me?"

"Alex has an internship at my firm," he told her.  
"They want to send her out on errands during the day, 
and I drive the Aston to work.  No point in bringing 
two cars to the firm, so it's best to teach Alex how 
to drive the Aston.  When you get a job that requires 
a car, maybe you can learn to."

"What do you want me to get a job delivering pizza or 
something?" Jane demanded.  Jane did not have a job, 
and was never interested in getting one.  She would 
rather ask money from Joe and his wife, Mary.  It was 
easier that way for her.

"Mom!  Dad taught Alex how to drive stick.  I want to 
learn how to drive stick!"  Jane jumped off the couch 
and ran into the kitchen.

"I'm sorry, Joe," Alex said in a serious voice, "but 
your real daughter's a bitch.  Do you know she 
doesn't have any real friends at St. Bonnaventure.  
Everybody hates her.  How'd she get that way?"

Joe sighed, "I guessed I just never spent much time 
with her.  Oh well, too late for now.  She's sixteen 
like you."

"But you turned me around.  Now I'm a proper young 
lady.  Right?"

"Proper?  No.  A proper little cunt, but that's much 
better anyway, and much better than Jane too."

"Well, that's good," Alex said and smiled.

"Get changed for dinner.  Those clothes are 
scandalous for the table."

"But you seemed to like them fine before," Alex said 
mockingly.  Joe swatted Alex's behind as she rushed 
to her room.

THE END
