1. – Betrayed

The Ritual had been planned out for more than a century. Everything had been in place, with our best and brightest assigned to make certain it was a success.

We should have entered a new age that day.

Something has gone very, very wrong.

The undercurrent that was Esset has become turbulent, torn: instead of the constant psychic presence governing our lives, the power of the Elders raged and vanished like a cyclone spinning itself into oblivion.

They are gone. There is no other explanation.

He has done this.

And now Esset has turned on its own, as a mad beast will snap at its own flanks with no other target present.

I paced through my apartment, feeling increasingly trapped and beyond my means. What began as a clearing out of deadwood has become open rebellion. Apparently the young herd was not so ready to die. They have taken up arms against their masters and were even now carving their way through this facility. Already I could hear the gunshots in the corridors. It was now only a matter of time before they came for me as well.

With practiced calm I unloaded and reloaded my revolver, then checked the action on the automatic. I would not go without a fight, though it was one I was destined to lose. Already once I had cheated death by pistol; I knew I would not remain lucky forever.

Lucky…or fated? My right hand sought the scar on my left shoulder, just beside the rise of my neck. Once before I had faced down death, once before clung to life with a fierce determination.

Even at the cost of my soul.

[Sixteen; an Esset Youth Captain in Berlin. Dueling to avenge a slight, an insult – a statement that was, nonetheless, true.

“Your face gains you your rank, Stricher!”

I raise my pistol, hand steady.

If I shoot this boy…it will never stop.

I will never stop…]

Footsteps powered by fear skidded to a halt outside, followed by frantic knocking.

I aimed both guns at the door. “It’s open.”

The door flew inward, bounced off the wall and nearly hit the wild-eyed student as he flung himself into the room. “Sir! Herr General! I’ve Seen them!”

Cold fire lit a trail up my spine. I let the guns slip from my hands and grabbed the youth by his lapels. “Say clearly – whom did you See?”

“Schwarz! They live!”

A clatter of boot heels sounded outside. One messenger was all that was required; I clutched the boy to me and envisioned a barrier of steel between us as the executioners rounded the door frame and opened fire. In my arms, the young precog jerked soundlessly with the impact of two dozen rounds.

“Hold your fire!” I shouted, my unwitting shield now limp meat stinking of ozone and cordite. “I have information for your masters.”

A/N:

A Brief Note about the Titles:

Unlike the titles in the other stories of the “Cross of Changes” Arc, the single- or two-word titles are taken from songs which will only be referenced in passing. The characters have no connection with the music. It is solely a vehicle for my muse. I will provide the lyrics in their own document on my website as with the other stories, with no additional commentary in the Author’s Notes. This is to keep the focus on the mood and not the muse.

1. – Betrayed

The story opens during the Purge of Rosenkreuz, in the aftermath of the fall of the Elders…

Stricher – boy-whore