



The Party Girl.

By Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com

This story is dedicated to my dear Anju, who inspired
me to write this based on her experience. I met a girl
named Anjuman, I will call her as Anju. She loves me
and my big 9-inch cock and most of all my stories...
She contacted me and now she is my love, sweet
heart...but I know she loves cocks. Many cocks
together and willing to do any damn thing with the
cocks in her all holes.... Once a friend of mine was
getting married and had to throw a bachelors
party...you know this is the last party he attends
alone in his life and so he wanted it to be a party of
lifetime. He was looking for something exciting, other
than Booze. Some girl to dance and entertain all the
party...suddenly I remembered Anjuman...my girl. My
slut...but they did not know her..

So I told Prakash that I will arrange for a girl to
entertain the party with striptease and nude
show...oho yes I will pay her any sum she wants but
make it sure and final... I contacted Anju and asked
her about this... and how much her charges were...Anju
told me yes I will come...but how can I charge. I am
not a whore...I told her please charge something or
else they will feel hurt... She left that on me.. as
if I was her Pimp...yes I would love to..I told him
she will charge Rs. 10000/- plus air ticked from
Mumbai to Pune...Ok he agreed.. I told Anju the date
time and venue of the party... the party was arranged
at his farmhouse 10 Km away from Pune. I asked him how
many guests were there? He said about 30 males and no
females. The only females were two of his servant
ladies whom he trusted much... my God 30 males and 2
females...I thought of Anju and felt excited. I
secretly told him that I will handle Anju all the
while in the party. As I knew her well...I never told
him she would be fucking all the cocks there...

So Anjuman came to the party as decided. My Anju was
wearing her favorite tight fitting yellow skirt and
tight white shirt. Now Anju is 20 yr. old, 5'10" ,
very fair, has brown hair, Grey bedroom eyes and big
boobs. She has long legs, which were exposed now. Her
legs are very smooth and mind you, strong too. She has
nice big ass and I could tell her figure to be 38C -
28 - 39. Anju has nice smile on her face and never
ever she looks worried. Her height is most striking
feature males notice. And she is no skinny with that
nice figure on the high frame, she looked very sexy. I
called for the attention of all and Introduced Anju to
them, ' Friends, this is the main attraction of
today's bachelors night and she will be entertaining
you all with the amusing dance skill she has and so
WELCOME her friends. ' Everybody clapped saying Hello
Anju, welcome to the party and three cheers for Anju.
And started to gulp down the booze. Prakash came to
Anju and shook hands with her offering her best Scotch
whisky. Anju looked at me and I also took the whisky
and we started to drink. I told Anju to take few pegs
of the booze to help her get loose on the party. All
the men were dying to talk to Anju and had surrounded
her. The maids were serving the drinks. These two were
about 25 - 30 and were good looking and had nice
figures. I wondered if they will participate in the
party, to give some more variety to the show.

Prakash announced that now Anju, today's party girl
will perform some special dance for bringing life to
this special party.... Welcome Anju. You can come in
the center and start. In big applause Anju came in the
center...Some Hindi POP started to play... 'DEEVANE
DEEVANE TO DEEVANE HAI ' IN the sexy atmosphere...Anju
started to dance moving her ass in rhythm and shaking
her heavy boobs as she danced....she bent her knees
and parted them seductively showing her inner
treasures.. She caught her boobs with both her hands
and thrust her chest forwards as if offering the
melons to all. She opened her mouth and sucked her own
fingers imitating sucking a cock.. She then loosened
her hair and let them fall freely, giving her
seductive look. Then Anju started unbuttoning her
shirt slowly shaking her ass forward and backwards..
Imitating the fucking motion...she removed all the
buttons and held the shirt open to show us the bra
clad boobs peeking out...in this way she went to the
entire audience licking her lips and inviting all..
she came in the center and the removed her shirt and
threw it to me.. I caught it and gave it to others to
smell it. Now her Black lace bra was visible. Anju
danced in the bra pushing her hands in and fondling he
own breasts. The atmosphere was getting hotter and
hotter. I could see bulges developing and expanding. I
had big hard on seeing my slut showing all the goodies
to strangers. It was a big turn on for me. Anju lifted
one leg up and ran her hand over her exposed thigh,
sighing heavily. She thrust her belly forward and
moved her hand all along the flat surface and even
poked a finger into her deep umbilical hole. She
turned head backwards and sighed erotically. She was
now moving her body shaking her bra clad boobs and her
ass. Then she unclasped her tight skirt and wriggling
her ass slowly started to pull it down, first exposing
her well formed ass cheeks and then entire ass. All
sighed at the luscious sight in front of them. All the
cocks were hard now. I saw the two maids waiting and
watching another female body getting naked before
them. Both the maids were sighing and had flushed look
on their faces.

Now Anju was dancing only in her Bra and Pink Panties.
We could see the outline of her pussy through the
panties and I saw wet spot near the pussy. The slut
was enjoying showing her body!! Now her hands went
behind her and she danced with moving all around,
showing her cleavage of the boobs to everybody. She
was trying to remove the clasp on the bra at the back,
but took her own time doing it. Finally the clasp came
off and her heavy boobs sprang free, still covered by
the cups. Shaking her chest she removed one cup and
exposed her full breast and then the other. She threw
the bra high up towards the audience and all ran to
catch it. Now her two melons were free and were really
terrific. They were white fleshy and the aureoles were
big of the size of a dollar and pink in colour. Her
nipples were hard and stood proudly over the mounds.
They must be one inch long and thick as the small
finger of a baby. Now Anju was half-naked and had
cupped her breasts in her palms, pressing them
together and then apart. I watched around and could
see some had their cocks out and were rubbing them.
The two maids were drinking the booze and I saw them
gulp it down in one stroke. My cock was hard too and I
unzipped my pant and freed the monster. Now Anju put
her thumbs in the elastic of her panties and slowly
started to pull them down, shaking her body from left
to right. Slowly her entire belly came into view and
then her pussy was exposed. She removed the panties
and stuffed it in the mouth of the host, telling him
to keep it in memory of this occasion to remember her.
Now her sweet pussy was in view and all were staring
at her mound. Anju spread her legs wide and showed her
pussy clearly to each and everybody, moving around in
all angles. I shouted, 'Come on show them some action
Anju.' Anju now put her hand over her pussy and cried,
'Ohhh ahhhhhh its so nice ooh my pussy is so wet. Yes
I am rubbing it. Watch me ohhh ya.' Now all cocks were
out and each was rubbing his hard on. The two maids
caught nearest cock and started to rub it slowly
watching Anju masturbate in front of all. Anju dipped
her fingers in her pussy and finger fucked it for some
time, writhing in front of the audience and moaning
loudly. She took out her fingers and licked her own
cunt juice. Ohhh what a girl! Finally she collapsed on
the floor with her legs high up in the air and came,
pouring her pussy juice all over the carpet.

The atmosphere was tense. Everybody was hot but nobody
touched Anju and waited for the start. Finally I broke
the Ice and said, 'come on men why are you waiting, my
Anju is ripe for anything you can give her. So go
ahead and catch her. All rushed to Anju, shedding
their pants and some with just the cock out. All were
above Anju, but only few got near her. I saw hands
running all over Anju's body, pinching her nipples,
poking her pussy and ass, rubbing cocks anywhere they
could. Anju moaned loudly and cried, 'oohhhhh yesss
come on studs fuck me anywhere you want come on hurry
up! I am dying for the cocks.'

I had to intervene or else Anju would have been
stamped under so many feet. I had prepared chits and
asked each to pick one up. They were numbers and the
order in which these cocks would fuck Anju. The two
maids also requested me for their turn with Anju. I
told them that I have kept your show after the
intermission. But while serving drinks they could
watch the action.

I called No 1 to No. 6 near Anju and asked them to
proceed and do whatever they want with her body. They
hurriedly got out of their clothes and Anju looked at
their cocks, they were 6 inch to 8 inch long and thick
too. Anju was not bothered about the size or shape but
wanted as many cocks as she could take. Anju knelt in
front of one and without touching the cock engulfed it
in her mouth and started sucking it. Making slurping
sounds as she sucked. One got behind Anju and pushed
his cock in her cunt roughly. And Anju cried with the
assault. But thrust her ass back to take it all the
way inside her cunt. Then she grabbed another cock and
opening her mouth wide took it in her mouth along with
another cock she was sucking. Now the three cocks were
lodged in her two holes, one in pussy and one two in
her mouth. I signalled one who was eager to fuck, to
push his cock in her cunt along with the cock already
buried there. He went below Anju and thrust his cock
in her cunt, with another cock already lodged there.
Anju lay prone on the man below her and started to
suck the two cocks moving her head to and fro, at the
same time she moved her ass to fuck the two cocks in
her cunt. Other two did not know what to do so I took
them to either side of Anju and asked them to rub
their cocks on the 38-inch boobs of Anju. My slut was
now fucking 6 cocks at the same time. I called the
seventh cock and asked him to rub his cock on her ass
cheeks. He spat on her ass and rubbed his cock in the
spit to lubricate it. The two men in her cunt felt her
cunt too tight and came due to the tightness,
depositing their come deep inside Anju's cunt. Anju
felt the hot come in her pussy and came, fast moving
her ass uncontrollably and sucking in al the come. The
two got up and the on rubbing his cock on her ass
cheeks immediately pushed his cock in Anjus asshole..
Anjus ass hole was not so lubricated and she cried in
pain. But continued to suck the two cocks greedily. I
could see her throat muscles working on the cocks and
milking them. The two cocks in her mouth too came
spurting globs of come right in her throat. They
removed the cocks' outta her mouth but Anju licked
them clean before parting with them. Anju asked the
two rubbing the cocks on her boobs to give her their
cocks in the mouth and she took them deep inside her
oral cavity and resumed the sucking. The man in her
ass fucked her furiously and went stiff, jerking his
come in her ass. He took his cock out and rubbed it
clean on her ass cheeks. We could see come dripping
from her cunt and now ass too.

I called No. 8 and 9 and one got below Anju pushing
his cock in her come dripping cunt, and the other in
her come soaked ass. No 10 and 11seemed too eager to
fuck Anju, so I called them and told them to put it
anywhere they feel. One man rubbed his cock on Anju's
ears, sometimes pushing it in her ear cavity. The
other rubbed it on her entire face. These men had
established nice rhythm and fucked her for about five
minutes and one by one all the cocks exploded, Sending
globs of come in her ear, hair, on her face, in her
mouth and in her ass. Cock No 12 was jerking off
waiting for his turn and he too came on Anju's back.
All the men got free from her and I called this off
for some time. The two maids had shed their clothing
and came immediately to Anju. One sucked the come
dripping pussy and another come oozing ass. Anju's
hand moved over her body and she licked all the come
she could take on her hand. The men No 13 to 19 were
so eager to fuck any cunt that was available and
rushed to the Trio and thrust their cocks in two maids
pussies. I made one man lie and pushed Anju on her
cock, asking her to ride it. Her ass was now open to
attack and another cock pushed his cock in Anjus ass.
Fucking her furiously. Anju caught one cock and thrust
it in her mouth and started to suck. The maids had a
cock each and fucking in their cunts.  I went to the
maids and made them suck two more cocks. Thus cocks
upto No 19 were accommodated. I looked around and saw
a group of kids, they were 5 in number and were shy
even to pull out their cocks. I called them and asked
them to show the cocks or else they would get a cock
each in their ass holes. They were afraid and so
hurriedly took the cocks out. By this time the cock in
Anjus mouth exploded and Anju drank his come happily.
I asked the kids to line up and then pushing the cock
in Anju's mouth PISS in it as if it was a toilet. They
looked at me in awe, but obliged. Anju grabbed one
cock and put it to her mouth 'come on kid piss, empty
your ladder in the sluts mouth.' I said. He started to
piss and Anju gulped all the piss down her throat.
Seeing this the cocks in her cunt and ass exploded and
they too pissed right in her cunt and ass hole. The
cocks fucking the maids came too filling the cunt and
mouth of both of them with thick spunk. I took a glass
and asked them to spit the come in it and also to
scoop out the come from their cunts into the glass for
my slut to drink later. By this time Anju had five
cock loads of urine in her mouth and she drank it
greedily...Anju cried, " I want more cock. Hey give me
more cock ohhhh come on all the cocks fuck me fuck me
together." I wanted some variety so I slapped Anju and
said, " slut, whore you have taken 15 cocks in all
your holes and now that's enough. I f you want more
cocks BEG for it you slut."

"oohhh yes please give me cock in my cunt, ass, mouth
ohhh please! I beg! I beg! More cocks!" "Ok SUTY you
will get cocks but first lick the two cunts waiting
for you, make them come with your mouth, fingers and
tongue. Lick their ass holes clean SLUT." I said. "Ohh
please don't make me lick cunts and asses of these
bloody maids. I will do anything else. But please
don't make me do this." Anju protested. "OK bitch you
deserve some thing more SLUT!" I took the Dupattas of
the maids and went to Anju and tied her hands behind
her back and then both her feet together. Now Anju
could not walk or do anything. I asked the maids to do
anything they wish to this tied slave whore.

The maids came to Anju and one got below and put her
mouth to Anju's cunt and roughly took her clit n her
mouth and slowly bit it. "oohh god please don't. Don't
bite my clit I will die. I will do anything you ask
but please don't bite my clit." I said, "OK lick her
ass hole Slut." The two maids pulled Anju to the floor
and one sat on her face. " Lick it bitch. Come on lick
the dirty bung hole of this fucking maid." I said. Do
it fast slut" Anju pushed her tongue on the ass hoe of
the maid and started to lick it. I asked another maid
to piss on Anju, all over her boobs and belly. The
maid started to piss and let out yellow stream of piss
fall on Anjus boobs and then directing it to her
belly. Anju tried to shirk her body to this assault
but could not move as she was tied. Now Anju
obediently sucked the asshole of the other maid and
was enjoying it now. "Ohh yes this tasted good. The
asshole, the dirty ass hole soo niceee. Come give me
another I will suck any no of maids now.OHHH Thanks
for this Sanju. You introduced me to this new
pleasure. I had never sucked a woman's ass or pussy
and now I want all the pussies to suck and lick."

Anju was real slut and loved all kinds of sex and
experiment to do new things. Anju then sucked another
maid's asshole and both pussies too. Now I released
Anju and immediately the remaining cocks attacked her.
Again two cocks in her mouth, one in   her cunt and
one in her ass and two in each hand to jack off. The
slut was incredible and fucked all these cocks and
made them come within 10 minutes. She drank all the
come and scooped out the come from her cunt and ass
for the maids to share with her. The maids kissed her
and shared the come. I think all cocks were spent
except our host Prakash and me. I wanted Anju to fuck
Prakash silently and with all the skill she had.

So I called Prakash in the middle and asked Anju to
entertain him. Anju knelt before him and took his cock
out holding it with one hand. She then methodically
licked the cock head, rolling her tongue all around
the smooth red organ. She cupped his balls in one hand
and rolled the two round things with the movement of
her palm. Slowly she engulfed his cock and her mouth
swelled. She then moved her mouth all along the length
of his cock, to and fro, delicately, spitting out
entire cock with the sound POP, and again engulfing it
unto her throat. This was very methodical and
everybody knew that Anju was an expert. Finally she
allowed the cock to rest at the back of the throat and
keeping her mouth still, moved her throat muscles,
milking the cock tightly. We could see the throat
muscles move with control. She never gagged once but
continued her assault on his cock. Prakash had his
hands on the round big boobs of Anju and was massaging
them. I went behind Anju and put my cock in hr cunt
Doggy style. Ohh the cock went in al the way in one
thrust. Her cunt was very slippery with all the come
it received. I fucked her hard moving my cock fast.
While fucking I smacked her ass making her jerk her
ass back. This did not affect her ministrations on
Prakash's cock and she continued to suck it with the
same patience. Prakash wanted only a blowjob and so
there was no haste. The entire crowd, which was
satisfied, was cheering us up. The maids came and one
rubbed her breasts on Prakash's back and one on mine.
As I was fucking Anju the maid licked my ass hole and
even Anju's cunt with my cock sliding in and out. I
knew the skills of my Anju and prakash was immensely
enjoying the blow job and me the fucking. Soon I
wanted to taste her ass so I switched over to her ass
hole and started to fuck the tight hole. It too was
slippery with the come of all the cocks and it felt
really nice to fuck the come filled hole. Prakash came
with his eyes closed and Anju swallowed all his come
directly from her throat. I too deposited my come in
Anju's ass hole and lay on her back exhausted. The
show ended. But not in the true sense. I sat below
Anju and asked her to give me all the piss she had in
her bladder. Anju let out the hot yellow stream of
piss directly in my mouth and I drank it all greedily.
Similarly I drank the piss from the cunt of the two
maids too and was satisfied. I gave the cum filled
glass with some whisky to Anju to celebrate her
fucking. After dinner we stayed there with Prakash and
Anju gave him three blow jobs in the night and I
fucked him the same.

Any hot girl wishes to contact me? For actual
encounters and want me to teach her all about sex?
Comments /suggestions are welcome. All the husbands
out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked
by stranger Please feel free to write to me, I will
try to fulfil your fantasy.. Any husband wants me to
do this to his wife? Any wife wants me? All are
welcome. I solve sexual problems as well as marriage
problems. Confidentiality assured and expected too.
Any girl wishes to learn? All ladies and horney girls
are welcome. I love young girls too. Want to play
roles for real?? Feel free to write. Write to me at
jeevan80@yahoo.com
 
jeevan80@yahoo.com

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!
