My Birthday Present - Chapter 2

---------

We arrived at the Red Lobster, which was packed.  My friends Lena, Jill, Bill, and Trisha were there, as were my boyfriend Chad and my parents.  Before we had left the house and while my father was changing out of his work suit, my mother had shown me her secret combination that would mark her as a slave of the Society.  Two ruby earrings, combined with a ruby ring that she wore on top of her wedding band, was one of the combinations that could be used.  "At any time tonight," she confided, "I may be approached by a Society member, because I am marked as one."

"Mom - I mean, Candy - you're not going to...you know, disappear tonight, are you?"

"Why no, dear.  At least not for long.  I may have to pleasure a Society member, but I have my tricks as how to make that quick."

Despite our reservation, our table wasn't ready when we arrived, so we stood around for a few minutes.  I was chatting with my friends, trying not to think about what my mother had just laid on me.  Chad and I got a little cuddly, and Lena and Trisha teased me us a little about PDA. 

The hostess finally came to seat us, and as we were heading towards our table, I saw a black man in a nice suit heading towards us.  I noticed that my mother dropped back as she saw him, and as they passed each other, I saw him say something to her, a quick phrase.  I wondered if it was, "Would you like some candy?"

When we reached the table, my mother excused herself, saying she had to call into work and make sure the documents were faxed over.  After giving my father her order, she disappeared for 10 minutes.  She looked a little flushed when she got back, and had obviously just reapplied her lipstick.  I caught her eye, and she winked, discreetly indicating the ring.

The food took a long time to get there - the restaurant was packed - and so I went to the bathroom downing two iced teas.  The cheesy biscuits had just shown up, so the girls were fighting the boys for them.  My mother joined me. 

We walked silently into the bathroom.  When we got there, I peed while my mother made sure her makeup was all right.  I joined her at the sink.  "Was he...?"

"A society member?" she replied. "Yes, Michelle."

"And did you...?"

"I did what I could to pleasure him quickly, sweetie."

"And what was that?  Did you fuck him?"

"Why no.  That would have taken too long.  I did suck him off, though!"

"Mom!"

"I'm Candy, dear, remember?"

"This is just - too weird!"  I looked into the mirror.  She looked at me, and sighed. 

"Michelle, I know this is a lot to process.  But please - just accept me for who I am.  I wanted to be honest with you, and I thought this was a good time to be completely open about my life with you."

"I know, Candy, but you're still my mom, and it's hard, you know?"

She smiled a little.  "I know, dear.  Shall we get back?"

"In a minute."  I was silent for a second.  Then: "Is it true what they say?"

"About blacks?"

"Yeah, about blacks."

"Oh, sweetie - yes.  It's very true.  I've been with a lot of men.  But no one can fuck me like a black man can."

"Did you like...you know...pleasing that guy?"

"Michelle, I love sucking my Daddys' big black cocks.  Nothing gets Candy's pussy wet faster than a big black cock in my mouth."

"Candy!"

"It's the truth, dear.  In fact, will you excuse me for a second?"

She went into the stall, turned around, unzipped her jeans, and stuck her hand down her panties.  To my astonishment, my mother began to masturbate in front of me.

"Candy!"

"Huh, huh, s-sorry M-michelle, but eating Daddy's cum made Candy s-so h-h-horneeee..." she moaned, rubbing her clit.  "D-daddy on the d-disc said I w-was to b-b-be a s-slut so y-y-you could see iiiit....aaaaahhh, cumming cumming cummiiiingg...."

She grabbed the stall wall to steady herself.  "Whew, he had me all hot from that!" she said, recovering.  She moved to the sink and splashed some cold water on her cheeks.  "We really should be getting back to the table, dear."

I just stood there.  "Candy?"

"Yes, sweetie?"

"This makes you really happy, doesn't it?"

"Yes, dear.  I love being a slave for my Daddys."

I bit my lip. "I believe you."

She smiled, then opened up her purse.  "Here, why don't you try these on?"  It was the ring and the hair clip.  I took them, looked at my radiant, slut mother, and brushed my hair aside.

When we got to the table, Trisha was the first to notice my new jewelry.  "Where'd you get that?" she asked.

"Birthday present from Mom," I said, smiling and blushing a little.  Jill seemed to be looking at me a little funny, but I dismissed it as my overactive imagination.

Dinner was great.  As we ate, we joked and had a great time.  I hardly thought about the Society at all.  Chad kept putting his hand on my thigh under the table, and I was very conscious of his touch. 

As we waited for the check, I realized that my mother's most recent "Daddy" was seated not far from us.  He was looking over at our table with a little smirk.  I caught his eye, and he looked straight at me, into me, it seemed.  He smiled at me and indicated his ring finger, where my marking as a trial member sat.  I flushed and looked away, suddenly wanting Chad's hand between my legs and rubbing me.

***

After dinner, we went to my favorite ice cream shoppe for dessert.  I ordered my favorite - a banana split.  My mother ordered triple chocolate and winked when I glanced at her.  Everyone else but Jill got sundaes; she ordered the mocha special, which they had to get a new tub for.  While we all sat down, she stood at the counter, waiting for her ice cream. 

The owner of the shoppe was a tall black man, who had been a local celebrity years back as a basketball star.  His name was Mr. Johnson and he frequently came out to see how the customers were doing.  Tonight was no exception, and he made the rounds from table to table.  Jill was the last person he spoke to, and after their brief exchange, she said she had to call her mother and left the shoppe.  Something about this struck me as odd, and I excused myself, saying I was making sure everything was all right.

I left through the same side door that Jill had, which led into an alley where the dumpsters were kept.  It was dimly lit, and I didn't see anything.  All of a sudden, from behind the dumpster next to me, I clearly heard Jill say, "Oh! Daddy!"

Cautiously, I went around the dumpster.  To my shock, Jill was facing the brick wall of the shoppe, her hands on the wall, her skirt hiked up to her waist, and her ass sticking out.  Gripping her waist and grinding his crotch into her exposed pussy was Mr. Johnson!  He pulled back, and even in the dark, I could make out the massive size of his cock as it partially exited my best friend's pussy.  He shoved it back into her, making her squeak, and then proceed to brutally fuck Jill - my best friend, my confidante - and she was clearly loving it!

"Oh Daddy!" she gasped, "you fuck me so good!"

I gasped, and they turned to see me standing there.  Mr. Johnson said, "I saw your jewelry.  Trial member, eh?  Want some of this?"  With that, he shoved his cock deep into Jill again, who moaned, "Oh Daddy, please fuck Candy, please fuck Candy with your big black cock!"

I couldn't take it.  I turned and rushed back into the shoppe.  When asked, I said that Jill was on the phone and seemed ok. 

A few minutes later, Jill came back in.  She looked a mite disheveled and headed straight for the bathroom.  I excused myself and joined her there.  Lena and Trisha were too engrossed in a cherry-stem tying contest to notice.

The bathroom was a little one-stall affair.  Jill was at the sink, patting a damp paper towel all over her face.  I shut and locked the door.  She looked at me in the mirror.  The question hung in the air between us, pregnant and heavy.  Finally, she spoke.

"I'm glad I don't have to hide this from you any more," she said, her eyes warm and smiling.  "You don't know how annoying it's been for the last three months."

Three months.  "So on your sixteenth birthday..."

She nodded.  "I was recruited.  I wore the trial jewelry, just like that.  Remember my party?"

I did.  It had been a bigger bash, since her birthday had fallen on a weekend. 

"I had the jewelry on.  The pizza delivery guy was a Society member.  When I gave him his money, he said the code phrase."

I heard my mother in my mind.  "Would you like some candy?" 

"You were busy with eating everyone else, so you didn't see me almost fall over from cumming right then and there.  I had known that at any time, any black man could say the phrase and take ownership of me that night, and I was so wet and horny from the thought.  Then this stranger - this pizza boy - shows up, and he's black, and he's strong, and he's telling me with this one sentence that I can be HIS, that I can belong to him, and..."

She trailed off, lost in the memory.  I asked, "What did you do?"

She shook herself awake.  "I knew I didn't have to go with him, but the way he looked at me...I heard myself say, 'Candy belongs to you, Daddy.'"  And then the next thing I knew, I was in his car, sucking his cock.  God, it was so big, it barely fit into my mouth.  When he came in my mouth, I knew that I was where I wanted to be."  She hiked up her skirt and wiped herself between her legs.  "God, Mr. Johnson is a geyser.  I'll be feeling his cum run down my leg all night."

I sat there silent for a while.  After a minute, she asked, "You haven't tried it yet, have you?"

I shook my head, a little...embarrassed?  Why would I be embarrassed that I hadn't tried sex with a random stranger yet?

"You want to try it with Mr. Johnson?  He doesn't get soft when he's done, not like Jerry."  She said her boyfriend's name with a note of derision.  This was a new side of Jill that I'd never seen before - aside from being a black cock slut, that was.  Normally, she was nothing but loving about her boyfriend, but apparently, he didn't quite measure up to the shoppe owner.

She touched up her makeup, looking at me sideways in the mirror.  "I can't tell you much - not as much as your recruiter - but I can tell you this."  She finished her primping and turned around.  "Being filled and fucked with big, black cocks is the best thing that has ever happened to me."

She unlocked the door.  Before she opened it, I asked, "Jill - who was your recruiter?"

She opened the door.  "Didn't she tell you?" she said as she stepped out.  "It was your mom."

