Mean prank on Sis

Last Saturday me and my friend Jim were swimming in the pool playing water basketball when my sister came out in a bikini to lie out in the sun. She was wearing this new red, white & blue bikini that had bottoms that tied on the sides. The strings were long and she had them tied on both sides of her hips with probably 6 inches of extra string hanging down. She looked real good as much as I hate to admit it. My sister is 2 years older than me. She just turned 16 and thinks she is the bomb. She’s real full of herself and treats me like a little pest just because I am her younger brother. She lied out on a deck chair by the pool and rubbed tanning oil all over herself without even saying hello to us or anything. We kept playing and of course since she was right by the pool, water splashed on her. She jumped up and started yelling at me saying we were splashing her and better cut it out or she would tell Mom. I just ignored her. Next time she got splashed she freaked and got up and screamed at us saying we were doing it on purpose. Then she grabbed both our shirts and towels and threw them in the pool. I was pissed. I got out and we got into a screaming match. Finally she dragged her chair farther away, and we kept playing in the pool. 

A while later we decided to take a break. I tried to dry off as best I could (with no towel) and went into the house to get more towels. When my Mom saw me in the house wet she got mad and told me that I could not swim in the pool anymore for the rest of the day. I tried to explain to her what happened but she didn’t care and was just mad about me dripping water in the house, which was against the rules. Now I was really mad. 

As I looked out the window at my sister now lying on her stomach tanning in the sun all I could think of was how to get her back. My Mom left to go shopping so I got the perfect opportunity for revenge. I got a glass of ice water I snuck outside and silently crept up to her staying real low. I heard her breathing like she was asleep. I was going to throw it on her but then a better idea hit me. Looking at her bikini bottom strings hanging down I got an awesome idea. Slowly I tied the longer part of her bikini string to the lawn chair on one side and knotted it. Then I did the same to the other side. It took forever since I was trying to do it real slow and quiet so she wouldn’t wake up. Once done I took her towel away (which was right next to her on the ground) and went inside and got more ice for my water to make sure it was nice and freezing cold. I locked the sliding glass door as I came out so you could not get back in the house that way. Once everything was ready, I threw the ice water on her and ran behind a bush. She screamed and jumped up in total shock as the ice cubes and water splashed off her back. As she jumped up both the bikini strings yanked and both sides of her bikini bottom popped apart as the knots came undone. Her bikini bottom whisked off exposing her nice butt (with tan lines and all)! Stunned and confused she first tried to grab her bikini bottoms but they were tied to the chair. It was classic! Then, realizing she was naked, she tried to cover herself and squat down as she tried to figure out what was up with her bikini bottoms. She was pissed. I couldn’t help but crack up watching her. I got great looks at her front and backside even though she was trying to cover up. She grabbed a chair cushion to cover herself and kept on trying to untie her bikini bottoms from the chair. Finally, and it took a while, she got them lose, all the time cursing at me. She made her way to the door holding the cushion, only to find the door locked. “John you f*ckin’ jerk! This isn’t funny!!” she screamed at me. “Open the f*ckin door!” I stood in front of her and played dumb. “What happened?” I said as I tried my best to hold my laughter in. Embarrassed, bottomless, and locked out of the house she now started to try to get her bikini bottoms tied back on, which meant she needed to drop the cushion. More priceless looks for me. “Stop looking!!” she yelled at me all red faced from embarrassment. “I’m telling Mom about this!” she threatened. She got her bottoms sort of tied back on and stormed off. “You’re in deep sh*t!” she bark at me. 

Well to make a long story short.. when my Mom came home and found out what happened I got grounded for a week, which really SUCKS in the summer. I still think it was the best joke I ever played on some one but getting grounded and yelled at by my Mom & Dad really sucked. I think my Dad actually found it pretty funny cause I saw him snickering about it when he first heard what happened. 

