They are lying together, wrapped up in one another, Lupin's prick softening inside Snape. "Stay in me," mutters the dark-haired man in a voice made raw from shouting, and Lupin holds him tighter, kissing the back of his head as he replies:

"I'm not going anywhere."

"And don't stop touching me." With a soft moan Snape presses back against him, then wriggles in his hand, his penis no longer rigid but still thicker than usual. "Touch me," he asks again. It is unlike Snape to continue to plead after sex; he draws a strict distinction between submission in bed and deference in every other aspect of their lives. He is not finished, although he has already come in Lupin's hand; he still wants something.

Lupin kisses his hair again and makes a feeble attempt to stroke Snape's chest with the hand trapped beneath his body, the one not cupped around his prick. "I've got you," he promises again. "I'm not letting you go."

"I want." Snape blushes so hard that Lupin can feel the heat in his chest. Such hesitation is unusual for him after sex, when he is more often relaxed and prone to admit his feelings than at any other time. Leaning forward to kiss his cheek, Lupin hums a soft questioning sound. Pressing Severus to continue may only make him defensive; he will speak when he is ready, and after a few moments' stillness, he finally completes his sentence.

"I want to piss with you inside me. Right here. In your hand."

Lupin brushes his lips across his shoulder, repressing a shiver, keeping his hands right where they are to hold Snape against himself. It had not occurred to him to think of this. He has pissed on Snape before, in the bath, hissing "You're mine" in his ear as he marked him -- but this seems more intimate, lying in bed with the glow of lovemaking still upon them. His own prick throbs, and he thinks for a moment about how it would feel to relieve himself inside his lover, surrounded by this velvet heat...

Aloud he says, "Do it. Just let go." His voice comes out a bit breathlessly, and he shivers again, aware of how cool his arm is now with the sweat drying on it and how very warm it will become with the hot spray pouring over it. Snape pushes his hips back again. His buttocks clench reflexively around Lupin, as if to trap him inside; he must force them to relax to let the piss flow, dribbling into Lupin's scarred palm which moves closer to accept the offering. Feeling the trickle surge into a steady stream, Lupin groans softly. "Do you like that?"

The sound of the spray is stronger now, as is the salty-acrid odor, illicit and oddly arousing in the bed which still smells of semen. "I can feel you inside," whispers Snape, as if afraid to speak over the fountain. "I'm wetting my legs -- it's warm -- "

Body responding to the moan in his voice, Lupin pushes forward, trying to press even more deeply into Snape, who makes a wordless noise of pleasure. The flood slows to a trickle once more in Lupin's hand as Snape's cock twitches, trying in vain to stiffen though it will take him a while to grow fully erect again.

Nonetheless Snape presses against Lupin's fingers, echoing his sigh of satisfaction. "Thank you," he murmurs. The bed is soaked beneath them, with wetness spreading along Lupin's thigh where the mattress sags under their weight. If he is going to speak the forbidden wish in his own mind, this is the moment.

The confession is muttered into Snape's hair, so quietly that Snape could ignore it if he wished. "I want to piss now, Severus."

Snape's breathing grows ragged. "Yes," he groans. "On me." But Lupin shakes his head hard enough that Snape can feel the motion from behind. "I thought you wanted..."

"Not on you," answers Lupin, feeling his cheeks grow warmer. "Right here."

"In...inside me?" The strain in Snape's voice makes it crack and he swallows audibly. Lupin is about to apologize and withdraw the request when he feels Severus nod with increasing force, raising his leg and shifting back against him. "Will you. Please."

Lupin strokes his drenched hand up Snape's belly and chest, touching a nipple with a golden-wet finger, listening as Snape whimpers breathlessly. "Are you sure?"

Again he feels Snape nod so hard that the bed shakes. "Yes. I want...please."

For a moment Lupin is trembling so much that he fears he will slip out of Snape before he can begin. He feels Snape shift again, pressing his arse flat against Lupin's pelvis, one ankle hooking behind him to hold him there. Snape's hair is spread wildly over his face and the pillow, his cheeks are flushed; he looks both mortified and shameless, completely irresistible. "Then I'll fill you up," whispers Lupin, and Severus shudders with anticipation, rubbing the wet spots on his chest where Lupin's fingers anointed him.

Straining, Lupin lets out a soft groan, then a sharp whimper of surprise as heat bursts from the tip of his cock. He feels Snape shudder once more and strokes his hip, wondering how much is too much, whether he could make Severus ill...

"Don't stop," Snape begs. "I can feel..."

Lupin is trembling again, practically sobbing each time he exhales, his cock so hypersensitive that he wonders whether he's even still pissing. "Severus," he chokes out. "Oh, oh, fuck!" Abruptly his cock slips from Snape's body, accompanied by a gush of hot fluid before Snape clamps his buttocks tightly together, squeezing the tip of Lupin's cock which is indeed still spraying and sends a jet of fluid up Snape's back. Both of them cry out, Lupin shooting a golden stream onto Snape's skin, Snape leaking dirty water down his thighs onto the mattress.

Neither of them moves for several minutes after the flow has stopped.

"That is the most intense feeling I have ever had," admits Lupin finally.

Snape nods, swallowing again, but when he speaks his voice has nearly returned to normal. "And this is the dirtiest that I have ever been." Lupin chuckles softly and kisses Snape's shoulder and neck before he replies.

"I suppose that 'Scourgify' was developed for wizards like us. Probably by wizards like us."

"A werewolf and a Death-Eater? I suppose that by those standards, this is fairly clean behavior." Snape returns his laugh with a quiet snort. They are indeed filthy, but the wet bed is warm and his lover is relaxing in his arms, and Lupin feels no great urge to reach for his wand.