The Conversation

by H. Jekyll

Story Codes: MF, oral

*  *  *  *  *

Copyright 2004 by H. Jekyll. Permission is granted to post 
on any site that does not charge for entrance, as long as 
full attribution is given to the author. The story should 
not be read by anyone under the legal age to read sexually 
explicit stories, or by anyone in a location where it is 
illegal to read such stories.

The Conversation previously appeared at "Ruthie's Club." 
An illustrated and formatted version can be found there. 
See: http://www.ruthiesclub.com/.

I love to correspond with fellow netizens: h_jekyll2000
@yahoo.com

Find H. Jekylls stories in the Alt Sex Stories Text 
Repository (http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/h_jekyll/), 
and at "Ruthie's Club."

*  *  *  *  *

The Conversation


Martine saw it, and how it changed the night! She saw it, 
so she has to believe it. It wasn't just a rumor or gossip. 
It was there. Or. They were there, and the she of they was 
doing it to the he. To the him. Martine is too rattled to 
handle the grammar.

It had been a nice, but ordinary party, a sweet night in 
all things but one, when Martine left the clubhouse through 
a back French door. Ordinary and nice, but Martine felt she 
had to get out. She turned left onto the patio that 
overlooks Lake Travis. Left again, onto the gravel walk. 
She carried a margarita glass carefully. Dont spill 
anything onto the rustic landscaping. You'll need to refill 
too soon, and how would that look? Its already your 
second. Best slow down. She passed live oaks and magnolias, 
mesquites, vines, prickly pear cacti, little blackjack 
oaks, and cedars. Not really cedar, she told herself. 
Mountain juniper. She always reminds herself. It was an 
ordinary evening and she wanted to try to make it nice.
Think of the good things. There was that Hill Country smell 
to the air, that she has always loved. Even it was 
ordinary, though better than nice. She was surprised 
when she first traveled out of south Texas and found she 
couldnt smell it other places. Shed thought the air 
smelled the same everywhere. The smell is still with her. 
It poured into this changed night with her.

There is a waning gibbous moon. Yes, that is different as 
well, or maybe it caused the change. Who can tell? 
Certainly not Martine. It's the last night it will be 
bright enough to light the cliffs across the way, making 
them shimmer, reflecting back the muted Texas greens. It is 
so bright she hadn't needed the path lights at all. It's 
half of why she saw it, saw them, why she could make out 
enough to know exactly what was happening to exactly whom, 
and who was doing it. It was when she turned left again, 
into the back lot, where her eyes were drawn first leftward 
again, to the blue wavering light of the pool, before a 
movement to the right pulled her head around to where it 
was happening. She knows everything but the why. 

There was a massive live oak over there, to the right. 
Martine reminds Herself it is still there. Well, maybe it 
is. Does it exist in this universe too? Or does it exist 
only in this one, the one where Ann does such things and 
doesnt need Martine anymore? It was just off the walk, an
oak so big and old that its larger branches are held in 
place by cables that help support them. It has, or had, a 
circle of plants around it, and a continuous concrete 
bench surrounded them. Path lights dimly illuminated the 
trunk and lower branches. Martine would like the plants if 
she paid attention to them, and at another time she would 
have, but not tonight, because tonight a man was standing 
facing the bench, and Martine could see enough to tell that 
his penis was sticking out of his pants, and that he was 
hugely erect, and that the thing stretched to the mouth of 
the woman. She was sitting on the bench, and she was also 
holding it, and caressing it.

In all her life, Martine had never seen another woman do 
that to a man. That's not quite right. She'd stumbled onto 
Internet porn sites that featured oral sex and greeted her 
with lewd close-ups. It was hard to avoid them, but she'd 
never gone further. She'd always clicked off. That was 
demeaning. Oh she did it herself. She'd done it. She'd 
licked and kissed her husband's cock during foreplay, and 
it was fun. But seeing someone else? No. And live, right 
now, unfolding before her? And not just foreplay? Never.

It was all so wrong. Sure there were women who did that, 
and more. But this wasn't a prostitute. It was Ann. Ann 
doing fellatio. Doing Anns husband of twelve years, like 
some debased slut, in a public place where anyone could 
catch them. None of it was anything Ann would do. Youd 
think you knew some things about your supposed best friend.

A moment passed before Martine was aware she was staring. 
It was them, for sure. Bob was all cowboy chic, string tie 
and tails, Levis and fancy boots, his Stetson. Everything 
just like shed seen him dozens of times, except for that 
inflated penis. Anns hair was blonde and long and straight 
and not from a bottle. She was dressed all in pink, a new 
diaphanous dress. They must be just arriving, so late as to 
be unfashionable, and Bob had made Ann stop to give suck 
before they went in. The bastard! What else did he make her 
do? No wonder she wanted to leave him! But she did it! Its 
part of what Martine didnt understand.

Bob's hands were on Ann's head. His fingers held the back 
of her head and guided her, so she was moving forward and 
back at the same time her face was moving up and down, and 
she was making continuous movements, never once losing 
contact with his cock. Bob moved his hips and Martine 
could hear his voice, saying something down to Ann. Ann, of 
course, couldn't reply. Anyway  Martine remembered the 
punch line of an old joke  its not polite to talk with 
your mouth full. She began to feel queasy.

A bit of gravel crunched beneath Martine's foot. She froze. 
She'd been still, but now she tried to become a tree, a 
rock. It didn't work. Bob turned his head and looked 
straight toward her. She didn't know what to do. He began 
staring at her. He never stopped doing Ann, though. His 
hips still went forward and back and he still held Ann's 
head with his hands. His eyes were just dark points in his 
face, points that never turned away from Martine while he 
fucked Ann's mouth. Finally Martine turned and walked 
back the way she had come, trying to act nonchalant, as 
though she had been alone with the moon and the swimming 
pool.

*  *  *  *  *

Now Martine is leaning on the low limestone wall on the 
edge of the cliff, nursing her new margarita and staring 
into the lake far down the hill. She had downed her last 
drink quickly, almost gulping it as she fled to the 
ballroom. She wondered, should I tell Maury? Her husband. 
Should she tell him? Tell him what? She couldnt say 
anything about it, at least not yet. She went to the bar 
for a refill, but while she waited on the bartender they 
came in, Bob and Ann. They looked relaxed, two happy people 
back from a trip way out to a fishing cabin in Montana. 
They said hello to friends, and neither looked as though 
anything odd had happened. Ann wasnt licking her lips or 
wiping her mouth or anything. She must have already fixed 
her lipstick. She kissed friends when she met them. She 
kissed Maury. Oh no! Martine couldnt stay here. What would 
they think? They knew she knew, didnt they? What would she
say? Would Ann want to kiss her too? With that mouth? 

So Martine fled again, back out to the patio. She tried to 
look casual, not walking too quickly, carrying her new 
drink, looking here and there, though never toward Bob and 
Ann, and out the French doors. Since then shes been frozen 
to the wall. She hasnt a clue what to do, though she knows
she cant avoid Ann all night. She knows it especially well 
when she hears the doors open and close, then hears a 
single pair of stiletto-heeled shoes click across the patio 
toward her.

She doesnt turn around, even when the steps get close.

I hear you caught us.

Martine whirls around and forces an enormous smile on her 
face.

Why Ann! I was wondering where you were! But I dont know 
what you mean! 

They embrace, Martine careful to kiss Ann far up on her 
cheek. When they separate, Ann leans against the wall, 
leaving Martine alone standing upright.

Its okay. We know you saw us playing. You were there for 
a couple of minutes.

No. I just went out for a breath of air. I dont know what 


Martine, it was obvious. And its okay. Were not 
embarrassed. Frankly Im glad it was you and not someone 
whos less a friend.

Martine leans on the wall beside her friend and takes a 
drink. She notices Ann has a martini glass.

Well. She fumbles for a moment. I wish it had been 
someone else.

I guess we shocked you.

Martine doesnt answer.

Did we?

Its none of my business. If you do  what you do in your 
bedroom. Its not any of my business.

But it shocked you.

Martine sighs.

Look, lets drop it, cant we?

First tell me, Martine. Were friends. I want to know.
 
Yes, it shocked me. But not the way you think.

No? Then how?

Martine sips her margarita again. A couple of men come out 
on the patio to smoke, but they move away from the two 
women. Martine thinks for a moment longer, and Ann is 
silent. Finally,

How good is our friendship? I want to know.

You know. Martine! Youre my best friend in the whole 
world!

Im not sure anymore, Ann. I dont know if I even know you 
anymore!

Why? Because of this?

No. Yes. This and more!

So tell me.

Martine take another drink, a big one, to prepare herself.

I never thought of you doing that before. We go to the 
same church. I thought we believed the same things. I never 
thought  I just never thought of you doing something like 
that. I couldnt believe it. But that wasnt all. Its 
complicated.

Tell me.

Its a whole bunch of things, Ann.

List the categories.

Huh? Okay. I will. Martine is getting angry now that she 
thinks about the full situation. Theres first that it was 
so brazen, right out in the parking lot. Not private.

Uh-huh.

And it was him.

Him?

You know what I mean! Bob, who you wanted to leave because 
he kept trying to make you do things.

Oh. Well, a lot has changed about that ...

I could tell that!

Ann sighs. Oh Lord.

And theres another thing.

What is it?

The emotion comes up from her belly. Martine cant stop it 
and cant stop herself.

Its that that was the first time Ive seen you since you 
got back. How long have you been back? You never called 
from your trip, or came by when you got back. I didnt even 
get a silly postcard! Martine starts to get teary, and she 
wants to hurry, to get it out. So the first thing I know 
about you in a month, youre kneeling in a parking lot 
doing that thing to your husband who you dont even like! 
Its like I dont know you, Ann, and were supposed to be 
best friends!

*  *  *  *  *

Theyre leaning on the wall together, apart, Martine and 
Ann. Martine wipes her eyes with her free hand.

Im sorry. I didnt mean to cry.

Im sorry, Martine. I hurt you. I didnt mean to. I love 
you. You know that. Ann puts her free hand very gently on 
Martines shoulder. I would never hurt you if I could help 
it.

Well why did you cut me off so? Shes teary again.

Im so sorry. Youre my best friend, but well, its 
complicated to tell, too. But I couldnt help it. My 
husband has to come first, and its why I didnt call. Ann 
leans to Martine and kisses her. I was going to. I just 
couldnt.

Why not?

I cant tell you. We were working through a lot.

So you were too busy to call me?

Please, Martine. Everyone has some things they dont tell 
even their best friends.

This has to be about him.

Call him by his name, okay? Yes, Its about Bob and me.

Youre getting a divorce!

No! Ann laughs, then catches herself. No. The opposite. 
Everything has changed. Everything is wonderful. I just 
cant explain it all.

Because?

Oh, my friend of friends! Because youre not ready. 
Because I dont want to shock you more. Because Bob and I 
really need privacy right now!

*  *  *  *  *

Theyve gone silent, the two of them. The moon has moved 
just a little through the sky, pushing the shadows of the 
outer leaves of an oak over them. They are in dappled 
light. Ann has dropped her hand from Martines shoulder.

You dont have to be condescending to me, Martine says in 
a quiet voice. I happen to be an adult.

Im sorry. But you already think were going to burn in 
Hell. I dont want to make things worse.

Ann Phillips! If youre just going Lord it over me and 
drop these little hints, well you might just as well 
leave!

Ann turns to her and looks at her for a time, as though 
shes weighing a decision. She reaches over and takes 
Martines glass. The doors open and more people step out 
into the moonlight, but the smokers have gone away, 
so the patio is still half empty. Martine doesnt know the 
new people, who leave the patio and go off toward the 
parking lots.

Frozen? Ann is holding up Martines glass.

On the rocks.

Well, wait here and Ill get you a refill. Dont leave.

When Ann gets back a man and woman she knows are talking to 
Martine. Martine looks past them to Ann. Her eyes are those 
of a cornered person. Conversations at big parties almost 
never get finished, so maybe shell lose the chance. Ann 
wont tell her anything. Ann, though, steps between the 
couple to hand Martine her drink, say hello to both the new 
people, and kiss their cheeks. Then she turns to Martine.

Ready to go?

The two of them head toward the parking lots and wend out 
to the bench where Martine first saw Ann and Bob. They are 
shadowed here, with just the little glow of the landscaping 
lights on the tree, and the same reflected light from the 
pool as before.

Once theyre seated, Ann takes Martines hand.

Martine. She says it for emphasis. You have to promise 
me no one else will ever find out what Im going to tell 
you. And I really mean it. If you told anyone, I couldnt 
ever forgive you.

You know how discreet I am.

Swear.

I swear.

Do you mean it?

Ann, if you dont trust me then dont tell me! Now tell 
me! 

Martine begins to feel, really feel, the effects of her 
margaritas. Both of them take long drinks before Ann starts 
talking.

Okay. I dont know what I can say. I have to work through 
this slowly, but you can ask me anything you need to know.
To start with, Bob and I have a whole new relationship. It 
happened up in the mountains. Were so happy and so in 
love! I wish we had done that years ago.

Um-hmm. And I take it, it has a lot to do with s-e-x? 
Martine barks out a short, mean laugh. Ann ignores it.

Well ... yes. A lot. But also touching and kissing and not 
always trying to outguess each other. We came to an 
understanding about it. A real understanding, not one of 
those situations where you each promise to try to do better 
and be more understanding

A compromise?

No. The opposite. We stopped trying to compromise 
everything. It wasnt working. It was the problem, not the 
solution. We were compromising our marriage to death. Bob 
would want sex when I didnt and if I wanted to snuggle and 
kiss hed take it that meant sex. We were always trying to 
read each others mood, not saying what we really meant. 
Neither of us was happy. It was a mess.

Um-hmm. Martine thinks she should stop drinking, then she 
takes another sip.

So we did away with compromising and set rules for 
ourselves.

Rules?

Two main rules. Not like written down rules. Not like 
lawyers do things. But rules.

Like what?

Well, like we have a rule that we have to kiss and snuggle 
and touch every night.

Uh-huh. For the first time, Martine notices that Ann is 
sitting in the exact spot she sat when she was playing with 
Bobs penis.

And theres more Martine is getting distracted. She 
hears Ann tell her that the touching cant be limited to 
safe spots, that Ann and Bob have to touch breasts and 
genitals and asses too, and each is allowed to touch the 
other wherever the whim takes the hands, without 
explanation, but while she understands what Ann is saying, 
she keeps seeing the head of a penis, large and dark, touch 
her mouth, and sees Ann kiss it and caress it with her 
hands and take it inside her lips. 

Then Martine is aware that Ann has finished and is looking 
at her. Its her turn.

Um, what if the touching is, you know, inside you.

Ann laughs a sweet laugh. Well, I think that would mean he 
was trying to turn me on, wouldnt you? Anyway, if thats 
what he wants the rule is he can just do it.

Well, it sounds to me like a dream for a man, to have free 
access whenever he wants. Martine is imagining the penis. 
Did the head glisten in the moonlight?

And great for a woman. I get so much more kissing and 
caressing and snuggling than I ever had before. And if it 
turns to sex, well, by then Im usually ready for it!

You. What about him?

Hes always ready. He wants sex almost every night. And 
day!

You should name him Randy. Martine laughs at her little 
joke and drinks some more margarita. Its almost empty. Ann 
is about to go on when Martine blurts something out. We 
never snuggle. Its slam, bam, thank you maam. She begins 
to feel maudlin. If he touches me its only for sex. We 
used to touch a lot. I dont really know when that 
stopped.

Im sorry. Ann takes her hand again. It only took a day 
or so to get comfortable with our rule. Now its completely 
natural. We touch all the time, even when we dont have 
to.

When we do it I almost never have a  you know 

What?

You know.

The Big O?

Yeah. The Big O. She sighs and her voice goes sad. Not 
anymore. He comes, he goes. There I am. Martine is hardly 
aware shes changed the direction of the conversation. 
Shes thinking of her sex with Maury, or Maurys sex, and 
shes not aware of what Ann starts to say. She blurts 
again. Do you get them? Big Os?

Ann looks at her quietly. She has a tiny smile, like the 
Mona Lisa.

Yes. Lots. I dont need them all the time, but lots of 
times. The first rule makes sure I have what I need.

Wha ... what do you mean the first rule? Martine needs to 
work not to slur her words.

Thats what Im trying to tell you. The second rule is 
that whoever wants sex gets it, and can get whatever kind 
of sex he  or she  wants. Ann laughs. Of course thats 
almost always Bob, because he wants it so much more often 
than I do. My job is to go along willingly.

Martine is aware of their surroundings again and for the 
moment she is perfectly sober.

You have to?

Thats our rule.

*  *  *  *  *

You have to give him sex whenever he asks for it.

He doesnt have to ask. He just tells me its time and 
what were going to do.

So what do you have to do?

Just cooperate and do what he tells me.

Ann! Hes using you!

He makes me happy.

Giving a blow job him in a parking lot makesh you happy? 
She has to work on her ss.

Whatever he wants. I trust him. And the parking lot, well, 
it excited us because we could get caught. Which we did. 
She pauses. Later on tonight I may get it back.

Ann!

Ann laughs. Well, you asked about this. And come on. Dont 
you two ever do anything besides straight sex?

Martine is suddenly shy, and she wonders why she admitted 
things a few minutes ago, but she answers anyway. Not 
much. Nothing like you do. When we were first together, 
before we were married, wed sometimes 

After a minute, Ann turns to look at her. Ive told you 
about us.

I know. I never had much experience. Maury was the first 
guy I ever did much of anything with, really. The second 
one to touch me down there. When we were first together 
wed play with each other. Hed play with my  little man 
in the boat. Sometimes I just did him. I did like it. 
Except when he ejaculated it was such a mess. Martine 
looks up at the moon for a minute. The world is rocking 
slowly, back and forth. When you do Bob? Like tonight? You 
dont  ... what do you do when hes finished?

You arent gettin squeamish on me, are you?

Well, you said I could ask about anything.

Okay. Okay. Right now Bobs little spermies are all 
getting digested. 

Ann laughs again, louder than perhaps she should.

I need a drink.

Martine?

I couldnt do that. How can you do that part?

Hes my husband and I love him.

That doesnt help. I love Maury but I couldnt do that to 
him. And its not just me. Pastor talked about that. Its 
what gays do.

But straight people do it too. Married couples. Like us.

I couldnt. Id get sick. How do you do it?

Well, I dont know what to tell you. When you come to that 
fork in the road you take it, and then its okay. Its 
better than okay. Its sex.

But Martine just stares past Ann and finishes her drink.

*  *  *  *  *

The two of them walk back to the patio, neither talking, 
Martine swaying just a bit and just from time to time. She 
pays close attention to her balance and doesnt notice that 
Ann isnt walking a straight line either. 

Martine goes back to the rock wall and looks down into the 
lake while Ann takes the glasses inside. The patio is 
deserted again, so she gets to be alone and gets to think. 
She wonders when Maury will come to get her. She wonders 
what is happening between her and Ann, and what will 
happen to their friendship. Everything had always been so 
simple with Ann.

*  *  *  *  *

When Ann returns both of them lean on the wall and sip 
their drinks quietly. Ann breaks the silence.

You might as well ask.

I dont know.

Well, I might not be able to make myself tell you anything 
later on.

Martine drinks some more.

Do you do any normal sex?

Yes. Ann sounds peeved at the question. Sometimes.

Its mostly your mouth and your hand?

Damn it, Martine! Its mostly any kind of sex that cant 
get me pregnant!

You mean you do?

All the things you can do and not get pregnant. Bob is 
very creative. Anns tongue is a little thick too. He 
comes up with things out of the blue.

Has he done it back there? Martine looks toward Anns 
ass.

Um-hmm.

Very many times?

Well, lately hes been doing me there once or twice a 
week.

Twice a week! Ann! Hes a pederast!

No. That means he likes little boys. Ann laughs.

He likes little boys?

Martine! No! No! Down girl! He doesnt like little boys. 
He likes me. A grown woman. His wife. And yes, he likes to 
sodomize me. Thats what its called.

Martine tries to process what shes learning.

And you let him?

Its the rule.

And you suck him.

Whenever he wants me to.

Thats just perverted! Normal people dont do that!

All kinds of people do it!

Not in our church they dont!

People in our church just dont admit it!

Well maybe you should change churches!

*  *  *  *  *

So now theyre quiet again. Martine wants to get away, but 
she wants to know everything, and she wants to know it more 
than she wants to be gone. Ann looks like shes grieving.

I knew I shouldnt have told you those things. Who are you 
gonna tell?

I wont tell anyone!

How long can you keep a secret like that? Ann reaches her 
arms out like shes holding a playbill. Bob and Anns Big 
Sex Secret! And its not like youll wanna be my friend 
anymore.

I am so still your friend! And Im not going to tell 
anyone, ever! Its just that I dont understand how you can 
do that. Whats ever in it for you?

Oh, he pays plenty of attention to me in front, Martine. 
Lordy! Tons more than when we only did straight sex, more 
than you and any ten other women get. Remember our first 
rule? She hiccups and then gets a wicked look. What a 
wonderful mouth hes got. And its not like there arent 
lots of other things he can put inside me there.

This time it doesnt provoke Martine.

Im sorry. Im really not shocked anymore, Ann. This is 
just a lot to hear. But if it makes you happy, its okay. I 
wont tell anyone, really. You really get satisfaction? You 
know, the Big Os?

I really do.

Doesnt it hurt when he does it back there?

No. It doesnt hurt. Its easy. Sometimes it aches a 
little.

Isnt it dirty?

Not usually. Ann says it flatly, but when she stands up 
she is suddenly swaying backwards. Whoops! She catches 
the wall. Martine laughs and puts her hand on Anns back.

Careful, girl. And you like it?

Huh? Oh, he makes sure I like it. Hell use the vibrator 
or something.

Martine is thinking again. Now her mind is spinning. Yeah. 
Um-hmm. She takes yet another sip. I did something. She 
looks conspiratorial.

What?

I went and got myself a vibrator!

Mm-hmm?

Yes! I felt so guilty. I almost couldnt buy it. Its hid 
it in my lingerie drawer. She has to say lingerie twice 
to get it right.

And?

Sometimes when I know Maurys gonna be gone for awhile 
Ill use it.

Uh-huh.

Oh wow! I had no idea. Big, big Os! Im sure its sinful. 
I just wish I could figger how to show him to it!

You know, Martine, I think youve had enough to drink.

Okay. But I wanna know one more thing.

Ann sighs. Martine tries very hard to enunciate.

When he does something new. Whats it like?

It depends. Its always different.

So how does he spring it?

Well, sometimes hell just  just  just bring home a toy 
and show it to me.

Thats it? Then you go ahead and use it?

Thats the rule, girlfriend. Sometimes hell leave it on 
th bed, to let me know what kind were gonna play. Kind of 
games.

And you let him?

Ann giggles and grins. Hes my husband. I love him. She 
takes a big, loud breath. An e loves me. So I submit 
gracious. Another loud breath. Then, slowly, Graciously. 
Yes. And I like it.

What kinds a things? She sounds three sheets gone.

What?

On the bed. To tell you what you haf to do.

Arent you shocked enough?

I can take it, Annie. Tell me somethin t shock me!

Well 

Come on!

 Well, he brings different things.

Annie! Yer duckin th question. Look, tell me about last 
night! She takes another drink.

Oh wow. The words need an exclamation point, but Ann says 
it quietly, in a half whisper. Its obvious shes working 
hard on pronunciation. Okay. You wanna know.

Tell me.

Ann looks around again. Some more people are on the patio, 
but no one is near them. The moon has moved over the 
roofline, so that Martine and Ann are completely covered in shade.

Lets go down a ways.

They stagger to the far end of the 
patio, both of them now giggling at how naughty theyre 
being.

Now tell me. Martines voice has a desperate tone. I 
wanna know everything my best friend is doin.

Dont be like that.

Im sorry. Im sorry. Its the margaritas. Will you please 
tell me about last night?

Okay. Okay. Last night Bob put out ... and here Ann 
starts laughing loudly. He put out an enema bag and a 
green banana!

Martines eyes widen as she begins a sentence, and her 
mouth remains open when nothing comes out. She never looks 
away from Anns face. Ann, though, laughs uproariously.

I saw em when I went to bathe. Shes laughing while she 
talks. I dont know when he put em there. I guess right 
after dinner. Oh! She laughs some more. If you could see 
your face! They were on my pillow, so I couldnt miss them. 
It was so, so I could think about them awhile.

Ann finishes laughing and wipes her eyes. She looks back 
down toward the lake and throws her glass as far as she 
can. There is a tiny tinkling sound, far below, where it 
lands.

Are you happy now? She chuckles.

They didnt scare you? Theyd scare me!

Oh no! I got all hot. Whats he gonna do to me? I wanna 
know. I mean, they sound ridiculous, but its such a body 
rush, thinkin about it!

Lemme tell you somethin, Ann Phillips. I wish I could be 
as perverted. As you! She throws her glass.

Well, you got the vibrator, so its a first step. And the 
two of them laugh so loudly that people at the other end of 
the patio turn to look at them.

*  *  *  *  *

Its just as well the husbands find their wives now, or the 
women might get falling-down drunk. As it is the men give 
each other glances. 

I think theyve had way too much fun, says Maury.

Bob responds, Yeah. I guess its all the girl talk.

The friends kiss and Ann holds Martine close and looks her 
in the face. She whispers, Remember! Its secret! They 
laugh some more. On the way home Martine leans against the 
passenger door, looking at Maury. She looks down at his 
crotch. After awhile she moves up beside him and puts a 
hand on his thigh, about half way to his knee.

You have fun with Ann, Martie?

Uh-huh. It was grand. She moves her hand up toward his 
penis.

Well, honeybunch. I think youre ready for more fun.

Martine works hard to look sultry. Mm-hmm. And, theres 
somethin different I wanna try.

Well surely! Are you sure youre up to it?

Oh yeah! And she really believes it. But the rocking of 
the world turns into spinning, just about the time they get 
home, and Martine spends a good deal of the evening hugging 
the commode to keep herself from being flung off the 
planet. Maury gets so irritated with her for getting drunk, 
he doesnt even offer to hold her hair.

The next afternoon Martine picks up the cell phone and 
finds Anns number. Shes still in a dressing gown. 

Hello, Ann? Its me. ... No, I got sick. Maury was so mad 
at me! ... Did you get sick too?  Well, he left early to 
drive up to the Cowboys game.  Can you talk?

*  *  *  *  *

Martine cant know that when she finally does approach 
Maury  soberly the results will be bad. She cant know 
what hell accuse her of, cant know how much theyll 
fight, and cant know how it will affect them when she 
finally shows him the vibrator.

He made me throw it away, shell tell Ann, when she 
calls, as she does increasingly. I guess itll be okay, 
but hes still mad. Im not even getting slam, bam, thank 
you maam, right now.

She cant know that Ann, who really is her best friend, 
will perform an act of true, sisterly love, so that in two 
weeks, when Maury is out of town, shell be standing at the 
Phillips door at 9:00 p.m.

Come on in, Bob will say. Have you talked with Maury 
tonight?

Uh-huh. He called right before I left. He thinks Im 
having a night out with Ann. He wont call again, and if he 
does itll be to my cell.

Bob will be wearing a robe. Hell be freshly showered and 
shaven. Martine will smell a hint of cologne.

How are you?

Scared.

Well, theres nothing to be afraid of. You have to trust 
me, thats all. Once you come in, you do what I say and 
leave the rest to me. Youll be free to go in the morning. 
Can you promise to follow those rules?

There will be an awkward moment before Martine says Uh-
huh. 

Say it.

I promise. Ill do whatever you say, all night. Shell 
hesitate. Will Ann be here?

No. That would be a little too much. Shes staying at a 
hotel overnight. Would you like to call her before we 
start? I think shes expecting you to.

I think Id like that.


End.
