She went to Quinn first, during their shared lunch period. Quinn’s first reaction was, of course, to laugh at her. Tina groaned, realizing that trusting Quinn Fabray with anything important was probably a bad idea, but she had already started the girl’s morally superior rant.

“Come on Tina,” she said, crossing her legs and looking at her skeptically. “Are you serious? You’re in love with your slave. Okay, I knew you were weird, but you must be absolutely insane.”

Tina felt about two feet tall, but she had learned at a young age that Quinn did that to people. She kept her head up high, even as she realized that talking to Quinn about this was the dumbest thing that she had ever done. “I…don’t you have feelings for Sam?” she spat out. Everyone knew that Quinn adored her beautiful slave Sam, and kept him close to her everywhere that she went. There had to be some kind of care there, beneath her adoration of the boy’s physical form, didn’t there? She had to feel something more than lust and desire for him. She had to.

Quinn then stood up. “Tina, Sam is my slave,” she said with an air of genuine concern. “He’s a nice way to get rid of my more unnatural tensions and he does a great service to my house, but he is my slave and I don’t forget that. I certainly hope that you don’t forget that about this Mike boy, as pretty as he may be.”

She then left Tina feeling pretty miserable.

So miserable, in fact, that she went to her school’s guidance counselor after school.

“It’s not unnatural to have feelings for your slave Tina,” Miss Pillsbury said with that overly concerned tone of voice that made Tina want to gag. Maybe she didn’t really want help, but she did want some kind of validation. “I’ve had many people fall to the same trap. Take…well, take your Spanish teacher.”

She looked at the door and then grumbled low, something Tina didn’t understand but she definitely heard, “slutty slave girl” somewhere. She groaned. Going to an adult about this was a bad idea. She was about ten seconds from getting up but instead decided to cough, lightly.

When she coughed, the counselor looked up and handed her a pamphlet. “Just remember Tina, that the feelings you have are dangerous feelings, very dangerous. Romantic feelings for a slave are madness and must be stopped.”

Tina was left feeling pretty badly, but when she got home, she tried one last thing. She called Blaine, who always seemed so fond of Kurt. If she could get validation for how she felt anywhere, she could get it from Blaine.

"I dunno Tina," he said, sounding pretty concerned for her, and she knew that tone. He felt sorry for her. "I mean, I have feelings for Kurt, but I wouldn't call them love, at all. I saved him from an abusive trader, so luckily, he's safe with me. He cares about me, sure, and I want him to be safe and comfortable but, it's dangerous to fall in love with your slave. They're not on the same level that we are and our lives require different things. I mean, Tina, you're going to be expected to move on, get married, all that kind of stuff."

Tina swallowed. "Blaine, I just love him," she whispered, practically crying. "I don't know what to do."

“Just enjoy what you have, Tina. Live in the moment you know?”

Tina didn't like Blaine's words and pretty quickly hung up the phone, using some lame excuse.

That was when she noticed Mike looking at her. "What is it?" she asked softly, looking into his eyes. He had the prettiest eyes and they always drew her in, especially when he was looking at her in that deep and concerned way. She ran her fingers over his cheek, down to his chin, where she tilted him forward to kiss her.

"Do you really love me?" he asked softly. "I'm sorry for eavesdropping on your phone call. I just can't believe that you..."

"Is it crazy?" she asked gently, not angry at Mike at all for listening to her phone call.

Mike looked down, as though he were a little ashamed, of listening maybe, but maybe of something more. "It's a dangerous thing, for you to have any type of feelings for me," he said softly. "Especially love."

"You think so?" she asked.

Mike nodded, guiltily. "Yes," he said quietly. "It's also very dangerous for a slave to feel any kind of love for the woman who owns him. You hear stories.”

Tina sighed and hugged him tightly. “I didn’t ask for this,” she mumbled, feeling very close to crying. “I didn’t ask for this at all.” He hugged her back, his body warm against her chest. He looked very sad when she pulled back and saw his eyes again.

Mike dropped down to his knees in front of her, pressing her desk chair back, so that it rolled slightly. He looked around, like he was a little panicked. “Can I…um, make you feel better?” he asked her gently. Tina knew that it was probably bad that this was turning to sex, but Mike looked insistent and it would be nice to lose control, for just a moment. She felt like nothing was in control at all.

Tina nodded, slowly. “Please Mike,” she whispered softly, trying not to cry.

He unzipped her skirt and pulled it down her legs, never breaking the eye contact between the two of them. Tina bit her bottom lip. If Mike didn’t stop looking at her like that, she was going to break down and cry shamelessly. He peeled off her underwear, leaving the panties discarded at his side. “Tina, please don’t cry,” he said softly, and she practically whined because he had seen the tears in her eyes. She felt weak. “Let me take care of you for once.”

She leaned back and groaned as Mike spread her and used his tongue, licking along her opening, fingers of his free hand spread flat on her thigh.

“Ungh!” she whined, loud, because she needed to be. He plunged his tongue into her, letting go of her thigh to use his fingers to stroke her, just lightly. He was such a tease but he knew exactly what felt good.

She arched her back, making the chair roll more. “Keep that up and I’m gonna fall down,” she said giggling.

Mike lifted his head, looked up and thought about that. He then put both hands underneath her and stood up, picking her up. “HEY!” she yelled, but she had a huge smile on her face.

Mike sat her down on the end of her bed and then glanced over at her drawer. “Oh, I have an idea,” he said, before opening it up and pulling out her tiny vibrator, the little purple one for clitoral stimulation. They’d only used it once before but it seemed fitting, if the sparks in Mike’s eyes were anything.

“We don’t use this nearly enough,” he said firmly, before dropping back to his knees in front of her.

He very carefully inserted his long fingers inside of her, moving them slowly. She groaned and bucked up against them.

“Mike, I’m so close to coming, already,” she whined. She was usually good at holding back, but he was so good to her. She moaned, tears in her eyes. That was when he lightly rolled the tiny vibrator against her, but not quite touching her spot yet.

“Mike please.”

He continued to tease.

“Damn it Mike please,” she moaned and finally, finally, he gave her the contact that she needed. She bucked up against him and he had his fingers in her, the vibe on her clit and her eyes watered. She closed them and came hard, crying out.

“Mike,” she whispered, tears in her eyes as she came down from it.

He crawled up to the bed and sat down beside her, reaching for her hand and holding it. “That help?” he whispered.

“Me feel better? Yes. I feel so much better. The whole in love with you thing? No.” She reached up and grabbed him, kissing him. His lips were the best thing in the world.