Bottomless at the Zoo
by Linda Dane 

Hi everyone, 

Sheri, thanks for your email.  Sorry I've been so bad about writing lately, but I've been kind of busy with this and that.  Glad to hear you're doing well.  Say hi to Elaine for me if you talk to her. 

I've been up to the same old things, mostly going out with Luke, and fooling around a bit.  All last winter, we stayed home a lot, so it was hard to do anything, but once it started getting warmer, I just wanted to go out, and enjoy the good weather.  As usual, we've been doing some really dangerous stuff.  I'm trying to think what the first thing was.  I guess it was the time we went to the zoo.  I'm trying to think how it all started.  I guess we were driving around in his van, and on the way, we stopped at a drive in to get something to eat. 

I guess I was like trying to eat while we were driving, and I ended up spilling mustard and relish all over my jeans.  I tried to wipe it off, but it was just like a complete mess.  Luke was like, 

"Oh, why don't you just take off your jeans?" and I was like just looking at him like, 

"Are you serious?"  It was the middle of the day, and there were all these cars on the road.  Luke was getting all excited - you know him- and he kept saying how I should go for it, so I ended up taking them off just to make him happy.  I had on this pair of lacy white panties, and they were kind of see-through in parts of the pattern, so you could see my pubic hair through them.  I lifted up my hoodie, and showed him, and he really had a hairy then, getting this wild look in his eyes and breathing really heavily.  When we stopped at the light, he rubbed his fingers in the mustard, and started rubbing it all over my panties, and I was like, 

"What did you do that for?"  I mean, I know he was just teasing and trying to get me hot, but he'd got my nice new undies all dirty. 

Finally, we made it to the zoo, and he pulled into the parking lot, and here I am sitting in my panties with mustard all over them.  It was just so stupid, but I mean that's how he is all the time I swear.  Anyway, I'm like, 

"Now what am I supposed to do?" and he's like, 

"Just take them off."  Can you believe it?  We're like sitting in this big parking lot with all these cars around, and he wants me to take off my panties.  At first, I was like, 

"No way," but then he started kissing me, and giving me these puppy dog eyes, and so I started looking around outside the car to see if anyone was watching. Now that I think about it I never should have done it, but I was still kind of like on a high from us finally being able to go out, and do stuff after the long winter.  I slipped off my panties, and Luke just about blew his stack.  He leaned over, and was kissing me real hard, and then suddenly I felt his hand between my legs, and I was like, 

"Oh no.  Here we go again."  I was like so worried that someone would walk by, and see us, but actually the way he was touching me felt so good I was starting to get all hot and bothered if you know what I mean. He undid his pants, and we were trying to figure out how to do it in his van again, but there were like too many people around, so it was just impossible.  I was like, 

"Let's go someplace else," but he was like, 

"Let's go wash your panties and jeans first." 

He reaches over, scoops up my clothes, stuffs 'em in his bag, and gets out of the car.  I'm like sitting there, randy as anything, in my hoodie and blouse with nothing on underneath, and he's standing there waiting for me to get out of the car.  It was the middle of the day too all sunshiny out.  I really didn't want to get out of the car, but anyway, I took a deep breath, pulled down my hoodie as far as it would go, and slowly opened the door.  I guess the hoodie was almost long enough to cover me up but still I could feel the breeze blowing between my legs, and the feeling was driving me crazy.  I swear I felt like so excited and horny and afraid all mixed up together.  That's got to be one of the craziest things I ever done. 

We walked over to the ticket gate, and Luke asked where the washroom was, but the guy was like, 

"They're inside."  Next thing I know, Luke is plunking down money on the counter, and I'm walking into the zoo with no panties or jeans or anything.  Luke was just beaming like that cat that ate the canary.  Some people who passed by looked down at my bare legs, I felt so embarrassed, but mostly people didn't bother us too much. 

When we came to the monkey cage, Luke was like he wanted to take some pictures.  I stood by the rail, and we waited till everyone had gone by, and we were alone.  I was feeling pretty good by then, so I leaned forward pretending to be looking for the monkeys, but what I was really trying to do was to pull the hem of my hoodie up to tease Luke with my bare bum.  I know it drives him crazy when I do stuff like that.  He took a picture, but then some people came, so I straightened back up, and tried to act innocent.  I was starting to enjoy it though, the teasing, even though I was really seriously frightened. 

We went into this building where they have some birds and stuff, and inside there didn't seem to be anyone there.  I quickly hiked up my hoodie, and let him take a picture of my pussy, but apparently there were some kids just outside behind me, and they saw me.  We ran away so fast. 

We ended up walking way down to the far end of the zoo where they have this park with trees and grass, and not so many people.  Luke dared me to flash him, and even though there was this dad and his son not too far away I lifted my hoodie way up, and let Luke take my picture.  Both of us were getting really seriously turned on by all this, but it was getting out of hand, so I finally convinced Luke to look for a washroom, so I could wash up, and get changed.  We eventually found one, and I gave him one last kiss before I went in.  I washed off my jeans and panties, and put them on, still wet.  It felt kind of funny, but anyway, it was a whole lot safer than walking around half naked, that's for sure. 

I guess that's about it.  (There's more, but maybe I'd better leave that part out).  I'm dying to hear what you guys have all been up to.  How are things at school, and what's new in the guy department?  Anyway, I'll drop by again soon.  Be talking with you. 