Business Bed, Breakfast and Benefits - Chapter 4 - Things Get Wetter

(Reading all prior chapters is essential to understanding the characters and the history of this group)

On a late summer weekend all were gathered at Brad and Caras' country house, sitting around the pool nude as usual, drinking beer and ice tea. Emily leaned over to Frank and said, "This scene reminded me that we haven't had pee games with the youngsters. Follow my lead..." She stood up and announced loudly, "I've really got to pee. Who wants it?" Frank quickly replied, "I do!", and laid down on his back on the grass. Emily squatted over his crotch and let go a yellow flow right onto his cock and balls. Brad and Cara grinned, figuring out what the older couple were up to. Dee and Bill just gawked at this unexpected activity. Cara said, "I'm next" and pissed on Frank's now hard cock. She looked over at Dee and said, "Your turn!" It took Dee a while to relax enough to let her stream go in front of all these other people but she finally managed. Emily, always the leader, volunteered to be the target for the men. Struggling to keep their dicks soft enough to aim, they soaked Emily from neck to toe. After rinsing off in the poolside shower, the group talked about what had just happened. Dee remarked that it was a good way to get some fun out of a cock too soft to fuck and she looked forward to being a target. More beer and ice tea later, she got her wish.  

Cara was missing Bill now that school had started and visits were less frequent. After wearing out Brad one evening, she commented mornfully, "I miss Bill already. I got pretty used to having an extra man available when the first one got fucked out. What's a horny girl to do?" Brad replied, "I've got an idea. Do you remember my high school classmate Andy? He has stopped by a few times to pick me up for hunting. I heard that he and his wife have split and he is living with his parents. I'll arrange to have a drink with him to see how he is doing. If he seems ok, except needing some other company, could I invite him out for dinner?" Cara nodded her ok, "I remember him. He's nice looking." Brad inquired, "How do you feel about mercy fucking?" Cara quickly responded, "You know how I feel about ANY fucking if I like the guy!" Brad added, "I'd bet he would be fine with it since we swapped and shared girlfriends sometimes in high school...and you are sexier than any of them!" "Is it mercy fucking if I make him beg for mercy?" *grin*

Andy was eager for social contact and arrived promptly on Friday evening. Cara greeted him at the door, deliberately underdressed, with a tight hug and a cheek kiss. She led him to the poolside table and took a drink order which Brad delivered. Andy surveyed the scene and told Brad what a great home he had. And what a lovely wife. Brad said, "Cara is prettier and much sexier than those girls we used to bang together in school." Andy seemed surprised that Brad would bring that up but didn't say anything. Dinner was great and Cara nursed Dickie openly in front of Andy. Brad mentioned, "Being a mommy has been great for an already good body". The lively dinner conversation had warmed Cara towards Andy and the wine didn't hurt either. She gave the OK signal to Brad and said she was putting Dickie to bed. Brad suggested the hot tub and told Andy that no suits were permitted. They were already soaking when Cara returned. She made a show of removing her light summer dress and slid into the tub between the two men. Brad said, "See what I mean about her body?" Poor horny Andy was hard and embarrassed. Cara chided Brad, "You are being mean to our guest. Let me help put him more at ease" as she reached for his erection and began stroking it. Moments later he groaned and white streamers floated to the surface. Brad said, "That's a good start. Now, Cara, show him the rest of your hospitality talents." She led Andy from the hot tub and toweled them both dry. Taking his hand, Cara took him to the guest room off of the pool. Since she left the door open, Brad could hear all the fucking sounds as Cara expertly gave Andy the first piece of ass he had since splitting with his wife. After Andy's second climax, Brad entered the bedroom and simply said, "My turn!"

Andy was invited over any weekend that there weren't visitors from the city, which was most of the time. Soon he was staying overnight too. As Cara became comfortable with Andy between her legs, the couple decided to introduce him to The Group, as they referred to their expanding circle of intimate friends. On a Saturday night when the city folks were visiting, Andy was introduced to the others. He had been prepped a little bit about what to expect so the collection of naked male and female bodies was similar to what he had already experienced here with the married couple...but there was a larger number and wider variety. Dinner was as informal as any nude gathering would be expected to be. The rest of the group each made it a point to have conversation with the newcomer, even asking rather intimate questions designed to test his embarrasment level and openmindedness. Brad took Andy away from the pool area on an errand and, after a short discussion, everyone voted him "in" (several meanings intended). On returning, the women took Andy to the nearby bedroom and initiated him with several sexual combinations he had never experienced before. Andy was in pussy-heaven when Dee's and Emily's cunts got their first dose of Andy-cum. The women's respective partners were soon checking out its slipperiness with their own cum injectors.   

Andy was very happy to move to Brad and Caras' house for many reasons, not the least of which were her visits to his bed. His respectful attitude and thoughfulness around the house, even with the baby, endeared him to Cara. She was delighted to be bed-hopping again, although she always ended up in the marital bed every night Brad was home. She gave Andy a sex life he hadn't had since his honeymoon. The couple learned that Andy was inclined to try new things and had a good imagination. Threesomes were enjoyed only once in a while in order to keep them special. When watersports were hinted at, he immediately responded, saying he had been curious since high school, had looked at lots of it on the internet, had even peed on himself, but never found anyone to really try it with, his wife being too prudish. The next time Cara saw him heading toward the bathroom for a morning piss, she followed him. "Don't waste that," she said, stepping into the shower and pointing to her lightly furred crotch. Andy let loose a strong stream right on target as Cara leaned back and bowed her legs for better access. She rubbed her cunt as the piss flowed over it. Andy's cock stiffened even as it sprayed so Cara pointed to her tits and the new targets were found. After the last dribbles, Cara bent down and cleaned the end of the firm hose with her tongue. A quick shower and towelling off together was followed by frantic fuck on the bathroom carpet. A more leisurely coupling soon followed while Cara nursed the baby.

Andy worked a 12 to 9 job which worked out very well for the household. Each man had some alone time with the housewife, mother, and "house whore", as she sometimes wickedly referred to herself. Cara was reaching her sexual peak and desired sex with each of her lovers frequently. Sometimes she would get Brad's cum injected before he left in the morning and offer it to Andy as a special treat a little later. The evening could see the reverse with a naked and wet-pussied Cara waiting in Andy's bed when he got home after work. Weekends allowed for more combinations. During her alone time, when Dickie wasn't demanding her attention, or when he was sucking on a breast, Cara often thought about sex.

It hadn't taken long for Cara's female perception to pick that Andy was more a passive and follower type of guy than her Brad who was a natural leader. She enjoyed letting Brad take the lead in many things but began to assert herself with Andy. She would initiate sex, request the positions, and choose when and where he came. She also increased her requests for help with household chores and rewarded him with a smile, kiss, or cock grope. Cara was well aware that a cock too soft to fuck could still dispense plenty of another hot liquid useful for fun. It was thinner than cum but more plentiful and she could produce it too. Watching videos on the web gave her plenty of new ideas. She used Andy's piss curiosity to try these new things before showing Brad. With Andy on his back, Cara squatted over his crotch and they dueled with their streams, each aiming where the other's was issuing from, resulting in much laughing while piss sprayed everywhere. When they drank lots of water beforehand, their pee was clear and odor free. This was great for the first times getting it in her mouth and vagina. At first Andy just put the head barely inside Cara's pussy before douching her with urine. When he learned to piss with a hard cock he could make it feel like a huge load of cum being sprayed deep in her cunt. Without telling him why, Cara trained Brad to piss when hard by encouraging him to spray her breasts from below as they stood in the shower. 

When both men were well trained she had them both load up on water then put down a cushion on the pool deck and laid back on it. Telling Brad to watch she told Andy to fuck her. He had earlier been instructed to get off quickly then, before pulling out of her cunt, let his piss go. Brad was amazed to see the piss laced with ropes of cum flowing out of his wife around Andy's cock. Cara watched Brad's face as this was happening and pulled his cock into her rinsed out twat. "Do that to me, husband", she ordered. Brad's cock was used to sliding in strange cum inside Cara but this was very different. He came quickly and she wrapped her legs around him, prisoner until he too pissed inside her. He relaxed and let it flow. Cara's climax was intense. She moaned and shook as the second delivery of hot liquid bathed her cervix and cunt walls. Both men were awestruck by Cara's response. Brad was still buried in her vagina when she released her pee, splashing it off the base of his cock all over their midsections and running down Cara's ass. Andy quickly got his hands under Brad's balls and began rubbing the hot liquid over all of them everywhere he could reach including his own rehardened cock. The three stood up and shared a wet group hug, laughing together, then rinsed off in the poolside shower. Brad commented that he would like to repeat the scene for The Group. "Won't THAT be fun," replied Cara, envisioning all the pee that many randy people could produce. Cara assumed the role of piss-party hostess and orchestrated new combinations individually and as a threeesome. She insisted that her men piss on each other, duelling like she and Andy had done. Then when one was in her cunt she wanted the other's peeto wet both of them where they were joined. The thin hot stream produced a tickling snesation unlike anything else. In that scenario she also took the pisser's hands and guided them to spread the fresh liquid all over the target man's body especially including his cock and balls. She lectured, "I have had both of these cocks in my mouth and pussy. You kiss me and fuck me where the other one has been and often feel the other man's cum all over your dick. There is no reason for you to be shy about touching and pleasuring each other. Of course I selfishly don't want you to go gay and prefer them to me, but touching, sucking, or even kissing another guy when we are together would turn me on a lot...not that I have any trouble with that!" *grin* Both guys said they had to pee again and asked where she wanted it. Cara grabbed their cocks and, kneeling in front of them, pulled both heads to together in her open mouth and said, "Right here!"