Both John and JJ learn a bit about dominance.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 15 (mf, MF, bd, blackmail, ds, Fdom, nc, oral, impreg?, f-solo, toys)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ was going to do something potentially very stupid. Given how strongly Brooklyn had reacted to his pheromones after he got all sweaty running to Marti's house, JJ made sure to covertly sit behind Sally, his bully, on the bleachers right after they finished their long distance run in P.E. class. He figured this would be a relatively safe way to find out if she was fertile now. It had been a month, so chances were good, if he hadn't knocked her up the previous month, anyway.

He watched the tall girl's back, his eyes falling to the curve of her waist through her t-shirt, and remembered when she had pulled her top off, revealing her relatively small breasts on her larger frame. He remembered her riding him, making him cum inside her because he thought she had been in charge...

...but now he knew that HE had been the one in charge. His pheromones had overwhelmed his bully's sensibilities, turning her into a wanton slut.

He saw her raise her head and then she sniffed audibly.

"JJ?" She turned toward him, and he could see that her pupils were already dilating. "Oh, JJ..."

As she reached for him, he stood up. "You, me, your place, after school, right?"

JJ enjoyed the dull look on his tormentor's face as she smiled, "Yeah, okay, JJ."

---

Sally let JJ into her house and he experienced deja vu from when she had practically raped him the previous month. "We alone?" he asked her. She nodded. "Take off your clothes, Sally."

They were still in her living room, but she quickly complied, first removing her tight sweater and then her jeans. JJ pulled his pants down as she removed her bra and panties.

He looked at the now naked, tall, curly brown-haired young woman who had taken his innocence in more ways than one, and decided that he didn't really find her all that attractive anymore, whether it was from all the sex he'd had with prettier, sexier women in the last few weeks, or because he knew that she had no power over him anymore. Sally's years-long torment of him may have caused him to be naturally attracted to pushy women, he realized, but she wasn't pushy now. He had initiated today's encounter with a full head of steam, and she had backed down. He pulled out his phone and turned on the camera.

Her eyes went wide. "JJ...!"

"Shut up! If you want this..." he pointed to his half-hard cock, "you'll do what I say."

She sniffled, though whether it was because of his scent or her trying to hold back tears, JJ couldn't say; he didn't care one way or the other. "Yes, JJ," she whimpered.

He moved the camera closer, scanning from her face, down her pale chest, over her trimmed pussy, and down to her feet. "Get on your knees." As she knelt, the camera panned back up to her boobs and then her face.

"You want this?" He pointed to his cock again as she stared from the camera down to his hardening member.

"I...yes, JJ..."

"Tell me what you want, Sally. Be detailed."

"I...want you to...to put your cock in my...my pussy." She looked like she was about to cry.

He pulled the camera back. "So you, the girl who bullied me for years, admit that you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes...please, JJ..."

He put his phone away. "Remember that I have that video, and it's in my MeCloud. You took what you wanted from me last time. Now you get what I give you, and then you stay the hell away from me, or that goes public. Got it?"

"...yes, JJ."

"Now suck on this." He shoved his chubby at her face and she opened her mouth, her eyes widening. Soon she was licking and sucking on his cock as he thrust it into her mouth.

After a few minutes of her sucking on his cock, he asked, "You want my cum, bitch?"

Unable to talk or even nod her head with him thrusting into her mouth, she gave him a thumbs-up. She couldn't believe how wet her pussy was, or how hard her nipples.

"Close your eyes." He pulled his cock back and, confused, she did as he commanded, afraid to do anything else.

She heard him grunt. Hot cum splashed over one of her eyelids and she flinched. Another grunt, and then the other eyelid was covered. Then her chin, nose, and forehead. He had given her a facial!

"Don't move!"

She held still, her eyes still closed, as JJ retrieved his phone and took a few pictures of her face, dripping with his cum. Then he put the device away and pulled his pants back up.

"We're done, slut. You can lick that up if you want to cum." Then she heard him leave.

JJ strode home with a huge smile on his face. He had dodged a bullet when Sally's last period had come, and he wasn't about to roll the dice by fucking her pussy again. Knocking her up and possibly having to marry her? A fate worse than death.

Back in her living room, Sally licked some of JJ's semen that had dripped down to her lips and immediately had a small orgasm. "Ohh fucckk..." she moaned. She used a finger to wipe one eye and then sucked on it, which gave her another small cum.

It still wasn't as good as when JJ had cum inside her, she realized. She wiped the other eye and inspected the dangerous substance coating her finger. After having unprotected sex with JJ the previous month, she had been lucky to get her last period. What she was contemplating was dangerous...

...but her pussy was throbbing...

Just a little, she told herself, and brought the sperm-covered digit down to her clit, feeling little sparks of pleasure from the contact. But it still wasn't good enough! She moved that finger between her wet, open pussy lips and pushed it inside.

"Ughaa..." she grunted as a larger orgasm blossomed from that contact. Yes, that was what she wanted -- needed! She moved that finger back up to her face and wiped her forehead, and then quickly shoved that spermy digit right up inside her, cumming hard again. "Oh-hh!" The seed that JJ had left on and around her nose quickly joined their brethren as Sally fell onto her back, her hips tilting upward with the age-old female instinct to try to give her man's sperm the best chance it could to impregnate her.

Finally out of sperm, Sally moved her fingers to her clit and massaged it fiercely. She arched her back as she achieved one final orgasm, and the second-hand semen that had managed to flow all the way to the back of her vagina engulfed her spasming cervix. Her reproductive system slurped up some of that rich seed and deposited it safely within her fertile and ready womb.

"Mmm..." she moaned as she lay there, totally relaxed and uncaring of the danger she had put herself in.

---

"John, my office, please," the proprietress of the house said as she poked her head into the brothel's staff lounge. John had been lying on the couch there, gathering his strength for later, when the slim, dark-skinned Rani would finish her shift and return to him for another romp in the hay. The Indian girl was the latest fertile "lady of the night" that he had convinced to allow him to board with for a few days, extending his stay in the huge, amazing house.

He leapt to his feet and followed the older woman up to the third floor, admiring the steel-eyed redhead's body in her customary attire of a black corset with red vertical piping, long black gloves, a short flared skirt, and dark fishnet stockings. She reminded him of the actress Frances Fisher, though, of course, younger; he figured the boss was in her early 40's, maybe.

He followed her into her...office?! There was a dark hardwood desk in the corner, sure, but there was also a metal swing with black leather straps hanging in the center of the room, and a bench in another corner, also with straps. Whips and dildos of all shapes and sizes hung on the walls.

He slowed and took a better look at the kinky but scary gear as he made his way to one of the chairs in front of the desk, and then they both sat. "What can I do for you, Marla?" he asked her.

"That's Mistress Marla to you, John, since I have the power to kick you out on the street. How many of my girls have you taken advantage of as you've bounced from room to room?"

He rubbed the back of his neck in a "gee whiz" gesture and gave her a lopsided grin. "Rani's number three, Mistress."

She gave him a long, measuring look. "You must be a real fuck machine, or you got a huge cock...or both."

He spread his hands. "Some women just take to me...what can I say?"

She stood up and casually strolled around the desk to face him. "I say...do you want a job?"

He frowned. "A job?"

She leaned her butt back on the desk, stretching out her shapely legs. "We occasionally get applications from men, and I have a few empty rooms right now. I'm thinking maybe three to start? We'll have 'ladies morning' every day...see how much new business we can drum up. What do you say?" Then she sniffled.

John smiled. "I'm thinking I like that idea, Mistress." Then he stood up and closed the gap between them.

"What are you doing?"

"Don't you want to...sample the merchandise, Mistress Marla?" He was a little taller than her, so at this angle he could see right down her corset.

She stood up. "You know? I think I do." Click!

John raised his hand, now trapped in a handcuff. "Um...AAH!"

She spun him about by that hand, straining his shoulder a little, and pushed him toward the swing. Using skills no doubt learned over years, she somehow leveraged his arm up and shackled it near the top of the half-egg cage while he was still trying to regain his balance.

"Ahh...SAFEWORD!" he cried out.

"The safeword, John, is 'pineapple'," she advised him.

"Pine--"

"HOWEVER, I wouldn't use it, or it all ends right now, including your stay here." She took the collar of his button-up shirt in both hands and waited.

"...tree?" John whimpered.

She tore his shirt open with surprising strength, sending buttons flying everywhere. "Pine tree? Well, that's not the safeword, John. Are you trying to tell me that you have a pine tree down here?" She grabbed his crotch. "Hmm...feels more like a rhododendron bush." Sniffling again, she unfastened his jeans and pulled them and his underwear down and off. "Aw, is Mistress Marla not turning you on, Little John? Get up onto the swing."

He obeyed, hopping up onto the contraption, and immediately his arm felt better, no longer pulled taut from where it had been fastened. But then she grabbed his other hand and expertly restrained it with one of the swing's straps. He could no longer move his arms!

"Perhaps you need some visual stimulation, John," Mistress Marla said as she unsnapped her skirt. She wore no panties, and he could see that her stockings were held up by red garters that attached to her corset. She also had a "landing strip" of hot red pubic hair ending at a pair of engorged pink pussy lips. "Ah, there we go..." she remarked as his cock started to fill with blood. She moved to one wall and pulled down a riding crop, which she then smacked into her palm. Instead of hitting him, though, she stroked the leather end along his growing cock shaft, making him gasp.

"Hm," she remarked, sniffling and blinking a couple of times, "I'm beginning to see what the girls like about you. I thought you were plain and uninteresting, but there's something more to you, isn't there?"

She moved behind him and he couldn't see her anymore, no matter how he turned. Then he felt something pressing at his butthole between the half-cage's bars.

"Pi--"

"Yes?" Whatever it was had stopped pressing into him.

"Err...is there pie in the kitchen, Mistress?"

"You can ask the staff later, John." Then he relaxed as whatever it was moved away from his asshole.

She glided in front of him again, close. He could feel the heat of her body, her breath on his face. "What is it about you?" She caressed his cheek with her gloved fingers, and he could see that her green eyes were almost completely black now.

He smiled at her. "Hop on and see."

She pulled back to look at him, confusion knotting up her attractive face, and she sniffled again. "I...I tell you what to do, John. That's how this works." She placed the crop against the cheek she had just been caressing and he winced. She paused, her breath heavy, considering. Then she dropped the crop, grabbed the sides of the swing, and hauled herself up and into his lap. He could feel her hot, wet pussy lips pressing against the hard shaft of his cock as the swing swayed back and forth, now that neither of their feet were on the ground.

"I'm...I'm in charge..." she stated simply as she looked down at her labia, split around his cock shaft. She whimpered as she lifted herself up and down, sliding those wet lips along his manhood.

He looked at her beautiful, lightly freckled face. "Then take what you want, Mistress."

She lifted up and angled the head of his cock into her. "Oh shiiittt..." she moaned, and sank down upon him, urging his cock into her fertile depths. When he was buried all the way inside her she moaned, "I...I never fuck the clients...I make them cum for me..."

"Oh, I'll cum for you, Mistress Marla."

She looked back at his face, her pupils blown out from his pheromones. He was so handsome, she realized. How had she ever thought that he was plain? "You will?"

"Oh yeah, a big one for you, I think, you sexy dominatrix." He thrust his hips as best he could, and she figured out what he wanted, lifting herself halfway up his cock before sinking down again.

Soon she was riding him hard, and the swing was swaying back and forth from the ferocity of their coupling, the first fuck she'd had in weeks. She could feel an orgasm building within her and knew that it would be big. She wrapped her arms around him, wanting to feel his body close to hers.

"Nnn...nnuh...nnaa...NAAAH!" she cried out as she came, holding John tight as she shook in pleasure.

"Uhh...you're sucking the cum out of me, Mistress! Ugghh! Urhh!"

As Marla felt John's cock throb and ejaculate within her, her orgasm skyrocketed as the hormones in his seed were absorbed into her fertile body, which had already been primed by his pheromones. Those two organic components intertwined deep inside her, like an electric circuit wired straight into her vulnerable reproductive system. In the depths of her pussy, her cervix went into overdrive, convulsing and contracting in time with John's seminary discharge as it filled her, and her ripe uterus lined up perfectly to suck an ample amount of his cum straight inside. "Oh Goddd..." the inseminated woman moaned as John's small amount of sperm, perfectly placed to impregnate her, swam deeper into the woman's primed womb.

As they swung there, both of them shaking from their orgasms, John asked, "So, am I hired?"

"Fuck, yes," she replied, "and you're sleeping in my bed from now on." She would just have to remember to take a morning after pill, she realized, counting back to her last period. She sighed, relaxing against him and breathing him in. Remember...remember...what was she supposed to remember? She giggled. She was such an airhead sometimes...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)