A few hours later, Draco was rudely awakened by the hard shove of an elbow in his ribs. He pried one eye open and discovered that the young man to his left was thrashing his limbs wildly, as if engaged in some fierce battle with an invisible enemy.

"Violent sleeper, isn’t he, our Potter?" Tom remarked with a wry grin. Clearly, the ruckus had snapped him out of his slumber, too.

"We’d best wake him up," Draco whispered, gently shaking Harry by the shoulders. "Potter? Harry? Are you all right?"

Startled green eyes flew open. The terrified look they held sent a chill up and down Draco’s spine.

"Oh God," Harry gasped out, petrified, before he flung himself at Draco and pulled the boy into a crushing embrace.

"Were you having some kind of nightmare, Harry?" Draco knew his question was redundant, but perhaps it would encourage Harry to talk about his bad dream if he needed to, so Draco asked it anyway.

"Yeah. It was… pretty horrible." Harry shuddered again and added in a shaky voice, “It was about Voldemort.”

"There is no such person anymore," Tom pointed out reasonably.

“No. But-“ Harry lifted a hand to feel his own forehead. "My scar, it stings. It-It's not bleeding or anything, is it? Could-Could you have a look for me?"

Tom nodded. Gently, he took Harry’s hand, brushed the boy’s unruly fringe out of the way, and carefully traced the scar with his index finger. "No," he replied honestly, "if anything, it seems to have got smaller. Perhaps that’s what the stinging is all about: your scar is finally starting to fade?"

“It's smaller?” Harry blinked. "Really?"

"He's right," Draco agreed. He was also studying the infamous lightning bolt carefully. “It does seem less pronounced than before.” He smiled reassuringly and added, “Besides, you're perfectly safe now, especially here with us. We'd never hurt you, Harry."

"Well, not unless you asked nicely,” Tom supplied with a wink.

Harry shook his head and smiled. “I know.”

"Would you like something to drink?" Draco asked. “You sound rather hoarse.”

“Yeah,” Harry replied. “Thanks. That’d be good.”

His throat did feel dry, like sandpaper, as if he’d been screaming for ages, which was probably exactly what he had been doing and how he had ended up waking his- boyfriends—lovers?

One day soon, he silently promised himself, he’d ask them what they would prefer to be called. He, himself, thought ‘boyfriends’ sounded the best. That was more personal and far less vulgar than the alternative.

To Harry’s relief, neither Draco nor Tom seemed inclined to mention any terrified screaming, let alone mock him over it.

They really care about me, Harry thought, not for the first time in the past twenty-four hours, and in spite of everything else, including the dread at whatever awaited them the following morning, the realisation made his heart feel much lighter.

Draco got up and walked towards the small table to pour Harry a glass of water.

Meanwhile, Tom asked softly, "Do you still get them often, Harry, nightmares that severe?"

Harry nodded. He ran a shaky hand through his hair and replied, “The lady from St. Mungo’s claims I’ve been traumatised for years, and that’s why I-" He sighed.

Tom nodded. “After everything I’ve heard about you and your past, I can’t say I’m terribly surprised."

Harry frowned, trying to determine whether Tom was being sarcastic or worse, felt sorry for him, but luckily neither seemed to be the case. Once again, he looked genuinely concerned.

“Come here.” Tom held out his hand. “You need your sleep for tomorrow.”

Harry nodded. Slowly, he scooted closer, until he was wrapped in Tom’s arms. He hoped Draco wouldn’t mind seeing them like this. After all, sexual experimentation was one thing, intimacy another, and when it came to the latter, he wasn’t all that certain yet where precisely he stood with Tom.

Draco returned with a glass of water. If he was bothered by Harry and Tom’s closeness, he didn’t let on. “Here you go, Potter,” he said with a smile. “This should help.”

“Thanks.” Harry sat up and took a sip. The liquid felt cool and soothing going down his throat.

He handed the glass back to Draco, who placed it on the bedside table. “So, I left for two minutes,” the blond Slytherin remarked with a grin, “and now someone else is suddenly in the middle of the bed. Sneaky little bugger, aren’t you, Potter?”

“Do you want me to-“ Harry began, ready to make room.

“No,” Draco said quickly, and climbed into bed next to him. “You’re going to lie down and go back to sleep right where you are. Besides, this way we can keep a better eye on you.”

“All right,” Harry said, relieved. He settled back against the pillows and turned over onto his left side. He was pleasantly surprised when Tom wrapped an arm around him and pulled him close again, and then Draco snuggled up against his back and snaked an arm around his waist.

“You’re safe now,” Draco whispered in his ear. “Get some rest."

“I know,” Harry said. “Thanks. Both of you.”

He closed his eyes and soon drifted off to sleep.

This time, no terrible dreams came.

At precisely six o'clock that morning, rubbing her eyes that were still itchy with sleep, Hermione walked into the Heads' Common Room.

"You're early," she told Harry.

The boy was sitting on one of the sofas, his arms crossed and his expression understandably nervous. "Yeah, I-um," he blurted out, "I spent the night here."

Hermione blinked, suddenly immensely relieved that Ron hadn't. The thought of having to explain the recent developments in Harry’s love life to her boyfriend filled her with something far worse than dread.

"I see," she said flatly. "Well, come on, then; let's go. No time to waste."

Harry nodded. "Right."

Concealed by the Invisibility Cloak, the two of them carefully made their way to the room on the fifth floor, which, according to Harry’s Map was still being guarded. They were both very relieved that none of their fellow students or any members of staff were up and about yet.

"Here we are," Hermione said as they reached their destination. She moved from underneath Harry's cloak and walked straight towards the goblin that stood in front of the door, keeping watch.

"Miss," he said sternly. "I must warn you not to go any farther."

"I'm ever so sorry," she replied, before she pulled out her wand and Stupefied the creature, "but I'm afraid we'll have to."

She turned back around to face her friend, and gestured towards the door. "All right. The coast is clear. You can go in now, Harry, but I suggest you be as quick about it as you can."

He nodded, hurried into the room, which oddly enough wasn't Warded, and when he re-emerged again a few minutes later, he looked utterly baffled.

"It's some kind of… stone arch," he said.

Hermione’s eyes widened in confusion. "A what?!"

"You know, one of those constructions. Fuck." He shook his head and looked more angry and disappointed by the minute. "I doubt it has anything to do with Tom, though. It seems to me more like some scheme from Snape to put us on the wrong trail, to distract us from what's really going on. Ruddy bastard!"

Hermione frowned. She had taken a huge risk by coming here, and she wasn't ready to give up so easily, not just yet.

"I'll be right back," she said and purposefully strode into the room.

She discovered that it was spacious and a lot better lit than she had expected, and when she at last saw the thing Harry had referred to as ‘an arch’, she held back the urge to gasp. Then she blinked twice, as though making certain her eyes weren’t deceiving her.

Right there in front of her stood a Time Portal.

She'd read about those, of course she had, and had even seen detailed illustrations in some of the books she’d sneaked out of the Restricted Section, but still she was stunned at what an impressive sight they turned out to be in real life.

Supposedly, they were a lot more versatile than a Time Turner, though at the same time, they were also considerably more difficult to use properly, with possibly devastating consequences if something went wrong.

If she remembered correctly—she'd have to check the specifics later—there was another clause as well: the Portals' powers could only be summoned at a Full Moon. On any other day or night, a Time Portal was nothing but a lovely, albeit also slightly old-fashioned, piece of architecture.

Hermione bit her lip and furrowed her brows in concentration. The next Full Moon… That would occur tomorrow, wouldn't it?

Yes, she was pretty sure, because she had seen the teachers’ roster last night. Professor Lupin's replacement would be teaching Transfiguration in the Werewolf’s stead.

So this meant that the four of them—assuming Harry, Malfoy and Riddle weren't intending to leave this challenging task completely up to her—had a good thirty-six hours to come up with an airtight plan, a way to render the Portal useless, destroy it or obliterate its powers, and do so without damaging anything else in the process.

She took a deep breath, clenched her fists in determination and exited the room.

First, she had to tell Harry the news, and then she had to concoct a plausible excuse to miss classes that day and the following, so she'd be able to devote as much time to research as humanly possible.

And assuming their plan worked, she hoped with all her heart that they would be doing the right thing as well by keeping Riddle around. She still had serious doubts on that front, and plenty of them.

Hermione ran a hand through her hair and sighed. A long and daunting thirty-six hours lay ahead.