       
      PART XI
      Lisa and James along with Susan and Charles and their 
friend Cathy and her husband Tom spent several weekends 
every year at Susan and Charles's beach house.  Cathy went 
to high school with Susan and Lisa and the three of them 
were always known as the best of friends.  This year Lisa 
and Susan plotted a way to spend additional days at the 
beach house where the four friends who had become intimate 
together could enjoy some sexual games together.  
      Susan's husband received a "surprise" message at the 
beach house on Saturday from his work.  He was suddenly 
free for the next week.  Susan quickly invited the other 
four friends to extend their stay.  Cathy and Tom just 
could not do it because of their kids, but Lisa and James 
decided a few extra days would be fun.
      After seeing Tom off, Susan and Lisa ran into the 
beach house and stripped their tops off.  The guys, sitting 
on the sofa applauded and cheered and urged the girls to 
"show us more."  In a bump and grind routine the girls 
danced together, rubbing each other's breasts and caressing 
each other as they stripped off their suits.  Eventually 
they danced naked together, the guys enjoying the flash of 
thighs, and breasts and all the intimate parts of their 
ladies.
      Laughing, the girls pulled the guys up and stripped 
them naked until each couple was dancing naked.  "God, I've 
been so horny," Lisa said.  James was dancing behind her, 
his hands on her breasts and his rigid cock pressed against 
her ass.
      "Yeah," Susan said, "I enjoyed having Cathy and Tom, 
but I've been thinking about this for two days."  She had 
turned to face Lisa, Charles behind her with his arms 
around her and his cock pressed against her.
      The two women leaned forward and kissed each other, 
long and slow.  The guys slid lower pressing their cocks 
against the warmth between the ladies' legs.  Eventually 
each lady turned and took her man's cock in her mouth.  
Eventually they did what they'd learned to enjoy so much.  
And they did it for the next couple of days.
      What they did not know was Cathy had forgotten the t-
shirts she'd bought her kids.  What they did not know was 
that Cathy ran back up the stairs of the beach house.  What 
they did not know was how stunned Cathy was at what she saw 
through the window beside the front door.
      Cathy went back down the stairs jangled by the 
unbelievable thing she'd witnessed.  She was stunned and 
could not even begin to make sense of what she saw.
      "What took so long?" Tom asked.  "Did you get the 
stuff you left?"
      "What?  No.  We couldn't find them.  Maybe I packed 
them."
      "Are you okay?"
      "Yes." No, she said to herself.  I am not okay.
      "Now we're running even later.  I wanted to get home 
in time to watch some television.  You'd think they'd get 
cable in that beach house.  Or a satellite dish."
      "What?" Oh god, oh god, oh god is all her mind could 
come up with.
      All the way back to her house, Cathy tried to make 
sense of what she'd seen.  Lisa and Susan naked in front of 
the guys.  Lisa and Susan kissing each other!  Lisa and 
Susan doing oral sex right there on the floor in front of 
each other.  Oh god, oh god, oh god.  Lisa and Susan had 
even changed places.  They'd sucked each other's man!  How 
could she ever face her friends again?
      Lisa and Susan did not even notice at first, but over 
the next several months Cathy drew further and further 
away.  Of course Lisa and Susan were distracted because 
they tried to spend at least one day a week if not more 
engaged in their sexual games together.
      Eventually, one day at lunch, Susan said to Lisa, "You 
know, it's been a long time since Cathy found time to go 
out with us.  I wonder if everything is okay."
      "I don't know, but you're right.  I'm not sure I've 
seen her since we went to the beach together."
      "Let's call her."  Susan took her cell phone out and 
dialed Cathy's number.  No answer.  "I wonder where she 
is."
      They continued their lunch until Cathy said, "I wonder 
if she's screening calls with her caller ID.  I don't think 
she's been home for any calls I've made to her for a long 
time."
      "Oh, surely not.  Why would she do that?"
      "Hell, I don't know, but where's she been?"
      "Well, do you want to just drop by her house?"
      "Yeah, let's go."
      Cathy opened her door.  Lisa and Susan both noticed 
the strange reception they got.
      Susan said, "Cathy, we got worried.  We haven't seen 
you for some time and we couldn't get you on the phone." 
      "Uh, yeah, I'm sorry.  I've had the ringer off a lot."  
She stood in the doorway but did not invite them in.  She 
wasn't mad at them; it was just that the things she saw 
were so unbelievable that she was stunned when she opened 
the door to see them.  In her mind she saw them naked, 
pressed against each other and then on their knees with 
glistening penises sliding in and out of their mouths.  
Cathy just could not deal with that image.  
      "Well," Lisa said, "come to the mall with us.  We miss 
you."
      "No.  I can't.  Not right now.  I have something I 
have to tend to.  Maybe another time."
      Back in the car Lisa and Susan were silent for a few 
minutes, each lost in their own thoughts.  Finally, Lisa 
said, "That was very strange."
      "Something is wrong.  Did we do something to her?"
      "No.  Like I said, I haven't even seen her since the 
beach."
      "Do you think she's mad because we stayed longer?"
      "Can't be.  You invited them to stay.  I wonder if 
they're having some marital discord.  Tom is not real 
outgoing and at the beach he hardly paid any attention to 
her."
      "You noticed that too, huh?  I got the impression he 
would rather be somewhere else."
      "Well, maybe they're having problems, but you'd think 
she'd confide in us.  We're all best friends."
      Susan shook her head.
      Back at her house Cathy sat on her sofa.  The 
appearance of her friends brought up those images from the 
day on the porch of the beach house when she learned her 
two best friends were involved in group sex.
      Cathy had not been able to sort out all her feelings 
about that.  Now that Lisa and Susan had made the effort to 
come to her house, she realized that something had to give.  
She wasn't sure she could ignore what she'd seen and try to 
go back to the way things used to be.  But, if she didn't 
what was she going to do?  She sat on her sofa and forced 
herself to think about what she'd seen and what her 
feelings were and how she might be able to face her friends 
again.  After all, they were her friends and she missed 
them desperately.  She seemed to be getting lonelier and 
lonelier.  Especially now that Tom seemed to be getting 
more and more distant.
      That last thought startled her.  Tom had never been 
real social.  When she met him in college she thought his 
aloofness was a sign of intelligence and sophistication.  
But, she suddenly articulated to herself, it is just 
arrogance.  Her head actually jerked when she thought that.  
Why, she asked herself did that suddenly pop into her head 
when she was thinking about her friend's nasty, kinky sex 
practices?
      She couldn't be jealous.  Could she?  Sex with Tom was 
okay.  What could she be jealous about?
      "Okay," she thought to herself, just "okay."  She was 
jealous!  Not because she wanted to have sex with anybody 
else, but because the sex she saw through the window, as 
perverted as it might have been, would not be classified by 
anybody as "just okay" sex.
      Tom had been her first and only lover.  These days 
they made love maybe once every two weeks.  He would move 
on top of her and caress her a little and put it inside of 
her.  Sometimes she would have an orgasm and sometimes she 
wouldn't.  
      When the three of them got together, Lisa and Susan 
often talked about sex.  They mentioned things, like "he 
went down on me," that Cathy had never experienced.  Once, 
Susan talked about Charles attacking her in a parking lot.  
Cathy didn't talk about sex.  She was too shy.  Her friends 
were more experienced and Cathy always thought of herself 
as being more of a good girl.
      She knew there were a lot of sexual things out there.  
Like oral sex.  She went to the movies.  In "Pretty Woman" 
Julia Roberts was on the floor between Richard Gere's legs.  
They didn't show anything, but the movie certainly implied 
that she was performing oral sex.  And that was mild 
compared to some movies.  Even on TV.  "Friends" always 
made sexual references.  She remembered that once Monica 
and Chandler were talking in one episode and Monica was 
promising Chandler a "special time."  He gave her look and 
she said, "No, not that!"  What did she mean by "that?"  
Oral sex?  Something else?  Whatever it was, it was 
something that Cathy had never experienced.
      Cathy suddenly realized that she would like to try out 
some different things.  Not what Lisa and Cathy were doing, 
but some things.
      It was like a splash of cold water when Cathy realized 
that she had started out to sort out her feelings about her 
friend's perverse sex together and she ended up thinking 
about her sexual ignorance and inexperience.  She was 
jealous.
      She had those thoughts that day and then again months 
later when she found out that Tom was cheating on her with 
a co-worker.  She had made no effort to repair things with 
Lisa and Susan.  She just could not figure out how to do 
that.  So, things went on, except she was starting to 
wonder even more about what she was missing.
      Then, one day she smelled another woman on Tom's 
clothes.  He'd obviously not taken the time to shower after 
sex.  She slowly collected other clues until she confronted 
him and he admitted it and he left her.  One of the things 
he said in the three emotional days in which her marriage 
came crashing down was that he enjoyed sex with his lover 
more than with his wife.  She was more experienced and did 
things that Cathy had never done.
      That was the most unfair of all, because Cathy had 
tried.  She had wanted to explore other things.  But her 
husband had kept her on a pedestal, turning aside anything 
other than the most routine of sex.  He'd sought the other 
stuff elsewhere.  That was the most unfair of all.
      So, she sat alone on her sofa and cried at the irony 
of the fact that her perfect marriage had dissolved so 
quickly because of sex, but Susan, as far as Cathy could 
tell, had a strong marriage despite the fact that Susan and 
Charles engaged in kinky sex with other people.  It did not 
make sense.  
      It shocked Susan when she learned from another 
acquaintance that Cathy and Tom had split.  They'd been the 
all-American couple.  Susan had never been able to figure 
out what had happened to her friendship with Cathy, but she 
had to give her friend a call.
      "Hello."
      "Cathy?  Hi.  It's Susan.  Are you okay?"
      Cathy was quiet for a moment or two, but suddenly, all 
the confusing sexual things about her friend no longer 
mattered.  She started to cry as she said, "No."
      "Lisa and I are coming over."
      Lisa and Susan hugged their friend.  They all cried 
and the two long time friends listened to Cathy talk.  She 
talked about the man she thought she knew and what he'd 
done.  Cathy could not tell them it seemed to be mainly 
about sex.  She just couldn't do that.  She just blamed it 
on the other woman and a "cheap no-good lying prick of a 
bastard husband."
      "Oh my god," Susan said, trying not to laugh, "I've 
never heard you say such things."
      Cathy started to laugh while she cried and she said, 
"Well, he is."
      "Yes he is," Lisa said.
      The three friends talked and drank wine.  When the 
kids got home from school, Susan made sure they had dinner 
and a snack and set them up in front of the television and 
eventually to bed.  The kids were happy to hear their 
mother laugh after the weeks of crying when she thought 
they could not hear.
      Susan and Lisa finally got their friend to bed.  Cathy 
promised to drop the kids off at grandma's and to spend the 
next day with her friends.  
      Cathy woke up and made a conscious decision not to 
think about her friends having sex together and with each 
other's men.  After all, God knows her life was fucked up.  
Why should she judge her friends?
      They spent a good day together.
      Over the next couple of weeks things were almost back 
to normal.  The friends talked and had lunch and slowly 
Cathy accepted that her marriage had not been what she'd 
thought it was and she was better off without him.  What 
was good was that she realized that she hadn't even liked 
the marriage she thought she had.  She appreciated her 
friends and none of them talked about the distance that had 
grown between them.  Occasionally, though, when Lisa and 
Susan were laughing at something or talking together, Cathy 
would look at them and remember them naked, their mouths on 
each other and their men naked and pressed against them and 
she would have conflicting emotions about the vision in her 
head.
      Her husband had proven that the world was different 
than she'd thought.  Sex was evidently a much bigger deal 
for him than he'd let on to her.  It startled Cathy to 
realize that she was mad at her husband for not letting her 
enjoy sex and, even more startling, she was jealous of her 
friends.  
      She saw them put penises in their mouths.  What was 
that like?
      What was it like to see other people having sex, to 
feel the other people move while engaged in the act?
       What was it like to have a man inside of you from 
behind?
      What was it like to have a woman's mouth on your 
nipple?
      What would it be like to actually put your mouth down 
there on another woman?
      All of these thoughts floated unbidden in Cathy's mind 
one morning.  Her kids were with their dad for the weekend 
as ordered by the divorce decree.  Her friends had helped 
her get back into life and to realize that she was better 
off without Tom.  And, as she lay there in bed that 
morning, the forces of biology were working.
      She had not had sex for months.  Of course, she'd gone 
through a time when she thought she'd never have sex again.  
But, that time was past.  This morning, she'd been thinking 
about what she'd see her friends doing and she'd tried to 
not think about what her husband did with his girlfriend 
that he didn't do with Cathy.  Suddenly, she realized that 
her thoughts about sex were making her sexually excited.  
No, she thought to herself, they're making me horny (a word 
she would have never used with her husband).
      She sighed and thought, I've got to quit thinking 
about sex if it is going to make me horny.  I have no way 
to have sex.  
      But, she couldn't stop the image of something she'd 
seen, Susan leaning forward, feeling Lisa's breasts and 
Charles's hand sliding between Susan's legs.  The tension 
grew between Cathy's legs.
      She laughed at herself and told herself to quit 
thinking about such things.  She brazenly gripped herself 
between the legs, as if to quench the feeling, and thought 
"stop!"
      Her reaction to the touch of her hand was another 
thing that startled her.
      She laid her head back on the pillow and thought, god, 
I haven't masturbated since high school.  I'm so clueless I 
probably don't even remember how.
      Her body betrayed her.  Well, she thought, I can't 
have sex with Tom.  I don't even want to have sex with Tom.  
Unless I want to have sex with Cathy and Lisa I'm going to 
have to figure out how to take care of this tension.  She 
had a moment when she thought that maybe Cathy and Lisa 
would not even want to have sex with her, but she laughed 
that off.  I'm not gay she thought.  That's nothing to 
worry about.
      She was dressed in a large soft t-shirt and jogging 
pants.  I've got to do something, she thought.  She took a 
pillow and gripped it between her thighs.  That's how she 
first masturbated at the age of 13, scared and guilty and 
unable to stop the relentless press of her body against the 
corner of one of her pillows.  This day the pillow was not 
enough.
      She slid a hand into her pants and over her panties.  
She felt the heat of her sex and was surprised to feel that 
her panties were wet with her secretions.  She pressed 
against herself.
      In one of their many conversations, Lisa had pointed 
out the advantages of not having a man around.  You can be 
a slob, she'd said.  You don't have to make the bed unless 
you want to.  You don't have to get dressed if you don't 
want to.  You can do what you want to do.
      Well, there was nobody here this day.  At least she 
was more mature than the last time she'd masturbated.  
Intellectually she knew that touching herself was not a 
sin.  There was nothing wrong with it.  Even in high 
school, she'd resisted the urge to press her hand directly 
against herself.  She would use a pillow, or rub the handle 
of a hairbrush up and down against her sex outside her 
panties.  Once, at her grandmother's she'd used the 
removable shower head.  She considered that to be the 
naughtiest thing she'd ever done, to direct that pulsating 
stream of water against the urgency of her genitals.
      Tentatively she put her fingers beneath the waist band 
of her panties.  Just the tips slipped into the curly 
softness of the hair there and she paused, draping her 
other arm across her eyes, almost as if embarrassed.
      Did Cathy or Lisa do this?
      She laughed at the absurdity of that thought.  Good 
god, they'd pressed their hands and mouths against each 
other.  What she was finding it so hard to do was nothing 
compared to that.
      She moved her hand lower until it rested on the slit 
between her legs, her fingers just lightly touching, 
feeling the heat and the moist hair.  The waist band on the 
jogging pants pressed against her wrist.  Suddenly she 
realized the advantages of being home alone.  She could, by 
god, take off her pants and there was nobody there to tell 
her that was bad.
      She raised her hips and slipped the jogging pants off 
her legs.  The feeling of her legs being exposed was 
delicious.  I am wicked, she thought.
      Exposing her panties to the air caused the wet spot on 
her panties to cool, making her more aware of everything 
that was going on. 
      God, it felt sexy to strip off her pants.  She looked 
to the side at the mirror and saw herself laying there in 
just a t-shirt, one hand resting lightly between her legs.  
Watching herself in the mirror she raised her knees to 
cause the t-shirt to slip back from her thighs.  She could 
see her naked legs all the way to the curve of her 
buttocks, encased in the cotton panties she wore.
      She remembered the naked legs of her friends that day 
at the beach house.  And their breasts.  And the nakedness 
of the men.
      She raised the t-shirt over her breasts and the 
exposure of her nipples to the morning light and the air 
caused another surge of excitement to course through her 
body.  She pulled the t-shirt off.
      Except for that one time in the shower she could not 
remember being naked while she masturbated.  How strange 
she thought.  Masturbation is sex and traditionally you get 
naked to have sex.  Of course, back then she'd worried 
about her brother and sister, her parents, and her own 
sinfulness.  Well, no more.  She raised her hips and slid 
her panties off.
      She lay there on her bed, feeling deliciously wicked.  
Naked.  I'm naked, she thought.  I'm naked because I'm 
horny and I'm going to finger myself.  She giggled.  Yep, 
finger myself.  I'm going to finger myself until I come.  
She almost wanted to call her ex-husband and tell him.  No.  
She almost wanted to call Susan and tell her.  Why in the 
world did she have that thought?
      Best of all, unlike when she was a teenager and when 
she had to touch herself she would do it quickly, this day 
she had all the time in the world.  No kids, nothing to do.
      She spread her legs about a foot and looked down, past 
her breasts to where the hair between her legs curved 
beneath her.  She very slowly slid one finger through that 
hair and over herself.
      Just spreading her legs was a sexy thing, wanton and 
dirty.  But if it was dirty, it was just her so it didn't 
matter and god it felt wicked.  Her finger could tell that 
even more of her wetness was working out of her body.  She 
could only imagine how wet she would find herself.
      She spread her legs wider and wider until they were 
spread so wide that there was no denying that she'd assumed 
a posture unrelated to anything but sex.  Her legs were 
open to expose her sex.  She noticed her scent and breathed 
deep.  It was her moment.  She was turned on and it was all 
her.  She had a quick thought wondering what Lisa smelled 
like when Susan put her face between her legs.  What did 
Susan smell like?  When they were all having sex what did 
the room smell like?  Good god, her room was starting to 
smell like sex and she was all by herself.
      She continued to remember the scene.  At one point, 
Susan had been bent over with Charles moving in and out of 
her from behind.  Cathy had seen Charles look down to where 
he was moving in and out of Susan.  His hands had gripped 
the cheeks of her bottom.  Cathy was actually seeing things 
more clearly now than she'd allowed herself to remember 
before.  For the first time Cathy let herself realize that 
Charles had spread Susan.  He must have been able to see 
his organ moving in and out of his wife.  He must have been 
able to see her anus!  
      Cathy allowed one finger to press a little way past 
the outer folds between her legs.  Yep, she was wet there.  
She moved the tip of her finger in a small circle enjoying 
the feel of wetness and enjoying the fact that she did not 
have to worry about anybody finding the remnants of her 
sexual wetness on her sheets.
      Her eyes were closed as she continued to explore her 
memory.
      While Charles had been moving in and out of Susan, 
Lisa had taken James, gripping him by his penis, and pulled 
him toward Susan.  Susan's mouth had opened and maybe she 
could remember or maybe she was just imagining Susan's 
tongue stretching to touch him.  James had been shiny from 
Lisa's saliva and he had slid into Susan's mouth.  Could 
Susan taste Lisa on him?
      Cathy's finger moved a little deeper into herself and 
she pressed her thumb lightly against her clitoris.
      Lisa had knelt beside the other three and actually 
gripped James as he moved in and out of Susan's mouth.  At 
one point Lisa had leaned over and put her mouth on him at 
the same time Susan was sucking him.  Cathy tried to 
imagine what a man might taste like and she moved her 
finger a little faster inside herself.
      I would have done that for Tom.  I would have liked to 
have tried it with Tom behind me.  Would that feel 
different?
      Cathy turned and got on her knees.  She raised her 
bottom and spread her legs and put her hand back between 
her legs and pushed a finger in and out trying to imagine 
what a man would feel like.  One thing was different.  Her 
nipples were both stimulated by the bedding.  She looked 
sideways at herself in the mirror.  It was hot.
      She skipped a breath when she realized what she could 
do.  She turned so that her face was away from the mirror 
and spread her legs again, curving her back and raising her 
bottom high.  She craned her neck to see herself.  She 
adjusted her angle until she could see herself, legs 
spread, bottom raised and the glistening opening between 
her legs exposed to the mirror and her reflection exposed 
to her gaze.  That looked nasty.
      She put her hand between her legs.  For the first time 
in her life Cathy watched her finger disappear inside her.  
She felt the quivers of an approaching orgasm.  She looked 
at herself in the mirror.  Was that similar to what Charles 
had seen when he looked down at Susan?
      No.  He'd seen more.  She took her hand from between 
her legs and put one hand on each cheek of her bottom.  
Without support her face sunk into the bed and made it 
harder to see.  She rose up and put the top of head against 
the mattress so she could look back between her legs at her 
image in the mirror.  
      She extended her legs, pushing her bottom higher so 
she could see.  She put her hands on the cheeks of her 
bottom and spread herself.
      Her sex glistened and seemed to have swollen open.  
There was her anus.  How nasty that Charles could see her 
like that.  See Susan that is.  What would it feel like to 
have another person looking at her like that?  She spread 
herself as wide as she could.  She could feel the strain 
around her anus.  She moved her hands lower and pulled her 
sex open.  One finger started rubbing her clit faster and 
faster. 
      She tried to watch.  She tried to imagine Charles's 
penis in Susan like this.  She imagined a penis inside her 
like that.  A penis shiny with her wetness.  Or maybe shiny 
from where she'd had it in her mouth.  She tried to keep 
her eyes open as she crested to an orgasm, but, she 
couldn't.  
      She fell to the bed on her side, one hand clamped 
between her thighs and pressed against the wet heat of her 
sex.

