Pillage of Thebe

 
Agamemnon stood on the towering cliff looking far out across the calm sea. In the distance he
could see small fishing boats returning with the day''s catch. The day had been good to the
fishermen. Gulls flocked in grey clouds on flapping wings, soaring behind the boats as they
sailed on a fair wind homeward. The men aboard the craft were slitting and gutting the fish,
throwing the waste portions over the side. The gulls were swooping down to grab the scraps.
Masses of them at a time, diving and hitting the water in splashy fountains of ocean spray as they
fought with pointed beaks, for a share of the guts.
 
Fish. How he hated fish. For eight long years he had been feeding his men on the ocean's meager
bounty, small fish and mussels and whatever else they could catch. While Hated Troy feasted on
the bounty of the rich lands it stood on, with corn for soft bread and fat cattle and sweet wines.
Troy mocked him and his always - hungry army's efforts to destroy the rich city and recover
Helen of the fair hair, along with their pride.
 
He glanced down the cliff onto the beach at the sixty boats, his raiding force, propped up on the
sand. With luck and the god's favor, tomorrow at this time his men would be roasting cattle and
drinking fine wines, as well as enjoying the pleasures of the city's captured women. 
Four thousand men he had with him. to take this small city, Thebe, an ally of Troy and a ripe
target to pillage, and strip for much - needed supplies for his hungry army. He needed such to
improve his men's morale. His army especially needed women. His men had been away from
home, far too long.
 
Tomorrow they would attack and the god's willing, the city would be his. He raised an arm
holding the staff of command and prayed to Zeus, his patron, for luck and good fortune in battle. 
Turning, he faced back towards the land. From his height advantage he could see the city below
and small parties of his men moving to surround it. Most of the farmers working the rich lands
were fleeing with their families, into the city. Excellent!
 
No one would escape  they must not think they could; they must despair and surrender quickly,
they must. He could not linger here, the battle against Troy was not going well. His presence and
leadership were sorely needed back at Troy. His men there were tired, sick at heart of the futile
siege. A siege that had cost them many lives, with no success. This raid and the spoils they would
bring back, would give them hope, a full belly and some pleasure.
 
There would be full flagons of sweet wine for his men to swill down their throats. They could sit
and sing their boastful songs of won battles and valor, until drunk and stumbling, they staggered
off to find women to quench hot internal fires, long burning. All of this would renew them, as
men, as warriors and they could defeat the hated men of Praim, destroy Troy and end this hateful
siege. 

He could just make out the shape of a small temple in the heart of the city. He must remember to
tell his men not to pillage or despoil it. The gods were angry enough with him, else he would
have been home a hero long, long before this. Best not to damage the temple and incur the wrath
of any more of Zeus' children.
 
Below, a small group of men slowly climbed up the steep hill towards him, old men, his advisers.
God, how they prattled on like old women, thought like old women. He never imagined leading
an army would require so much thought, so much political skill, so much unwanted, but needed,
advice. 

He longed for the simple pleasure of battle -- the killing, with quick thrusts of a sharp sword, the
stunned look on an enemy''s face as he died, his hot blood spilling unto the earth as his armored
body hit the ground, with a clatter .
 
But his advisors, he spat, robbed him of his honor*. They forbade him to enter battle and instead
insisted he sit like a child in a chair and direct his units like a women's parlor game. What glory
in such foolishness? His own men thought him a coward and held him in contempt. With every
passing day that he was not with them, arm in arm in the line of battle, braving death together.
Their contemptuous arrogance grew worse. Achilles, he sneered the worst of all.

Mightiest of Agamemnon's warriors, Achilles was haughty, rude and disdainful of his leader, the
Commander of the Armies. Achilles sought to command himself, to rise far above his station.
Something would have to be done to bring Achilles down a peg. 
Agamemnon decided to think on that. There was always a solution, if you thought on a problem
long enough.
 
He started to walk down the hill towards the group approaching him. Best to quickly join these
old women and get this - battle planning and scheming over with. He wanted sleep; he was
fighting tomorrow beside his men; his sword would taste blood. Let old men fear death, for he
feared nothing except his men''s scorn.
 
The gods make fools of men, and foil the plans of all, even their favorites. In the morning as his
servants belted on his armor, panicked messengers arrived. Four of his ships that had straggled
behind had finally landed and their commanders sought instructions on where to place their
soldiers. Another messenger arriving and told of how one of his flanking hoplite units had
become confused in a dry dusty river bed, and ended up far down the coast, instead of at their
assigned position. Another unit's commander had been slain by an arrow -- who should
command them now? Agamemnon was issuing new orders to a portion of his reserve to march
quickly to fill the gap, when cries of alarm, screams of horses and the sound of bronze clashing
on bronze, told of battle raging nearby.
 
The men of the city Thebe had sallied out, and were making a desperate attempt to drive
Agamemnon's small army into the sea. Agamemnon''s relaxed and quiet spoken commands,
firmed his men''s courage and quickly reestablished order. In a short fierce battle, the day was
won and the enemy was fleeing. Agamemnon''s men pursued, hacking and killing the townsmen,
right up to and though the open city gates.
 
The battle was over, the city his. Once again, Agamemnon had not drawn his sword. 

Sick at heart, feeling that his honor remained stained, he ordered his trusted friend, Odysseus, to
select a woman for him. He would not face his men, nor their dried, blood - covered arms and
contemptuous eyes. Wine, He also ordered Odysseus to bring back much wine. His men would
not be the only ones to be staggering drunk tonight. He retired to his tent to brood. 

The two guards outside of Agamemnon's tent were distressed. This was an unlucky lot for them
to have drawn watch duty, while around them gangs of their comrades sang and drank and
wenched. The cries of anguish of some of the young women captives were matched by the coarse
laughter of soldiers in sport, and even giggles of delight from many women. Not all of the
captured women, feared a man's lust, to some it was a missed treasure. Some gladly welcomed
many soldiers into their arms this night, for as is known  A candle holder can burn out many
candles and show no signs of wear.  

As the crys echoed though the night, the guards cursed the fact that they must remain at their
post. 

Inside the tent they guarded, Agamemnon was drunk, cursing, raging, calling on the gods in
despair. They knew not why. The city had been taken but their commander acted like the day''s
battle was lost. 
They despaired to hear the names of the gods used so freely-- surely nothing good could come of
such. They also feared that he would turn his distemper on them and they stood straight to their
duty, watchful and nervous.
 




After a while Agamemnon's head appeared from the tent, golden hair tousled, wine in his golden
goblet spilling down, dribbling onto his sandal. His eyes blazed, and the two veteran guards, who
had faced Trojan soldiers a thousand times in battle, trembled in their hearts at the face of death
so close. 
"Have my servants send me the woman. Quickly."
 
Both started to run, then one dropped back and resumed his post, wishing he also could be
running fast and far from his commander. Many soldiers called Agamemnon a coward but many
more feared him. 

Agamemnon staggered back into his tent and was fighting, trying little success to refill his
goblet, when an arm lifted the tent flap and a small female form was shoved inside and tumbled
down on the soft - piled rugs.
 
"The woman Sire." He heard, and the arm retired. 

The women rose gracefully to her feet and Eros, at his mother's command, drove his arrows of
love deeply into the chest of the mortal Agamemnon, whose, goblet fell heedlessly to the ground.


A vison was before him and the stupor of the wine, his rage, even his lust, fled before it. This
beauty was not intended for the eyes nor pleasure of a mere man. The child before him was a
Aphrodite. Essence personified of all perfection a man could want a woman to be, but never
expect to see, let alone possess. 

He marveled as he took in her features: the tiny straight nose and full pouting lips, skin, soft and
unblemished, as white as fresh - new fallen snow, hair dark as midnight in the forest, black ,
thick and shining, flowing down almost to her knees. The garment she wore was silken wispy, a
mere mesh of white linen, draped and molded to her form, but revealing all. Her breasts were full
and firm the nipples fat rings of brown, puffy and plump. She had a belly, soft with the merest
hint of baby flab but not fat. Her hips swelled outwards from a narrow waist and wisps of hair,
covering her maiden''s nest were visible. Legs straight and long ended in delicate feet ,small
enough to hide in a man''s single hand. 

She stood with her head held upright, big round - doe eyes on him. No haughtiness showed, just a
calm, demure expression which displayed her pride, but also resignation with her situation. 
Eros looked deep into her heart and saw only emptiness, which displeased and saddened him. So
in pity,, he selected his finest arrow, foreteller of love everlasting and sent it flying true, and
straight, into the pure heart of the maiden. Then, knowing the tragedy he had inflicted upon an
enemy of Troy and an innocent girl, he departed to face his mother's stern chastisement. 




Agamemnon shook his head to collect his thoughts and spoke. 

"Your name child?"
 
"Chryseis Sire."
 
"Your father?" 

"Chryses, Sire, high priest of Thebe."

"Of how many summers are you?"
 
"Eighteen, Sire. "
 
"And not wed?" 

"Betrothed, Sire. My future husband is journeying afar, the marriage delayed now for three
years." 

"He is a fool, your young man."
 
"No, Sire, he is . . . a friend of my father, a merchant, wealthy, not young. . . .He assisted my
father in raising our temple to glorious Apollo."
 
"And you were his price for doing so."
 
"It is my father's wish, Sire."
 
"And your wish?" 

"I am his dutiful daughter, Sire"
 
"Your father is a fool, also . . . he deserves you not. And for what, does the daughter wish?" 
"Only to please her father, Sire."
 
"And what would please the daughter?"

"The same, Sire."
 
Agamemnon smiled. "Well said, young lady. I fear the wine will not let me banter words with
you in equal skill tonight. Will you accept a goblet?"
 
"If you command, Sire"
 
"I command thousands. I ask you, will you accept some of this delicious wine, from your own
city, that I fear I have ravished?"
 
"Not the least of what is ravished this night, Sire."
 
"Fear not child, not in this tent will such be done, nor commanded to be done by a king, nor
forced upon one by a warrior."
 
"You are noble Sire, your wife must lie in pain, awaiting your return."
 
"My wife is skilled in lying, although I doubt that she lies alone. A soldier''s camp has not the
comforts, nor diversions of a royal court and my wife has a true fondness for . . .diversions."

"Am I a diversion, my Lord?"
 
"Only if you wish to be, fair child. , I seem to have little success lately in fighting, only
negotiating."

"Are we negotiating Sire?."
 
"I have little to offer you, lovely maiden, except these battle scarred  arms and the warm bed of a
warrior. One who is hated and despised by your people."
 
"You are a poor negotiator, my Lord. You forget to mention that I could walk the halls of a
king's court, my hand on your arm. Spend my nights in his bed, wrapped in the arms of a mighty
king and hold his attention and his ear for my schemes and  dreams. You forget that a warm-- and
I think not warm, but hot bed of a warrior. May be preferable to this maiden than the cold bed of
a fat old merchant."
 
"So the daughter does have wishes of her own."
 
"In this camp, Sire, your wishes prevail over all, including my father's. What is your wish, Sire?"

"I think our wishes have the same intentions. Shall we attempt to see how warm a bed can be." 
"As the sun Sire -- pray make it as hot as the sun."
 



Chryseis flowed to him on feet as light as mist. Her arms lifted and softly ran across his broad
chest, nestling behind his head, as on tip-toe her lips sought to reach his. Gently, he held her and
drew her slender form to him. Her body was on fire, Eros arrow burned passion into her soul for
this warrior king, favored of the gods, her captor, her owner, her lover. His hands slid down her
flanks, gently caressing, heating her aching body that had for too long desired such, but had never
known the joy of a man's powerful hands on her body. 
Like a kitten, she arched into the touch of his hands, thrilled as his lips on hers blanked her mind
to all but sensation and joy.
 
Together, locked in an embrace as snakes intertwined, they slid down onto his pallet, and his lips
craved a trail of fire into her flesh from throat to her thighs. She experienced wondrous delight
that the tongue of a king could work magic with more than mere words. Softness places between
her thighs were probed and caressed by love's words, spoken silently by his teasing lips. His
rough, callused hands, gentle as rabbit fur on her skin, drifted over her skin making her breasts
swell in their passage as they traveled a journey of discovery, down to her navel, tickling the scar
given to her by her mother at birth, the little button of life owned by mortals, one and all.
 
Her legs quivered and parted, as his hands slid down to caress her tiny feet. Feet that hid together
- huddled, one upon the other, in feinted delightful fear as they were stoked and tickled. Then he
moved his mighty hand upward until it rested on her source. He paused, bent his head and kissed
her softly, then placed the heel of his other hand to her mouth and told her to bite him. Puzzled in
her mind, she did and he slid a finger gently but firmly into her source, and destroyed the armor
of her maidenhood with little pain to her. Withdrawing his hand, he showed the perfect circles
left by her perfect teeth, and he smiled, as did she.
 
His entering of her was slow, tentative, giving her body time to receive and adjust to his
manhood. He pushed until she was filled with his spear of flesh . Below him, her eyes opened
wide in wonder, blinking in enraptured delight of sensations in unknown places within her. No
movement he made, no weight of him was on her small body; he held himself on elbows and
knees allowing her body to accept him. When movement finally started, it was her body's, testing
his strength, wiggling on his pole.
 
He smiled down at her motions and started moving within her. Showing her the strength of his
fleshy rod of iron as he taught her the rocking, rolling eternal rhythm of love and its pleasures,
like waves washing on a beach, then receding, endlessly repeating, the ebb and flow of life. 
He showed her all he knew of the act of love, used all the skills learned in the arms of countless
other un-named women, as he gave her pleasure beyond her young maiden''s dreams and held
back his own release until her body told him that she was reaching the summit of joy. He drove
himself deeply into her. Spilling his seed within her womanhood, as she cried and wept in
pleasure. And his warrior's heart melted in her tears, and he prayed that his spending would give
them a son to fuse their love, forever. 




As she slept, cradled in the crook of his mighty arm. Agamemnon thought of Odysseus, his
faithful friend, who had selected for him this small wonder child, woman, lover. 
He offered silent prayers to the gods to grant Odysseus, a long life, honor and a safe voyage
home to his own loved ones. 

And the gods listened, and smiled at the folly of mere men; but still, granted the wish as asked. 

End

 
 SafeWord 2004

Copyright and all rights reserved by the author.
 
Edited by Tammy 
 

Author's Notes:
 
aristeria - untranslatable - close is warriors code, personal honor from honors achieved in battle
and feats accomplished

Thebe: also known as Thebes (which is contradictory as other stories record that Thebes
contributed ships to the battle against Troy?) 
