Kelly's First Night Out
bySashamy©

Kelly has just had an experience that had brought out feelings and excitement she never knew a woman could have. She had always dressed in her schoolmarm clothes hiding her shapely body from everyone. She had even been shy around her husband not wanting him to see her nude body unless it was in bed and only when they made love. But Alex and his friends had somehow unleashed the animal side of her that had been waiting to be released.

She now felt a desire in her soul to be what she had always considered to be unthinkable for any woman. As she stood in the shower washing away the soils, from earlier in day, of the seven guys, the one girl and her own juices from the service hall at the mall. She shimmered as she ran her wet soapy hands over her breast, down over her shapely hips and her curvy round ass, touched her most sensitive spots still sore and swollen a bit from earlier, as her fingers enticed her charms. Kelly felt her smooth bald lips, something she hadn't experienced since she was a mere child.

After finishing her long hot shower, she reached for the long thick robe, her husband hated it, and she had always put on before leaving the bathroom to hide her body. But then thought again of it, it is time for me to change my life. She wrapped her petite body in the towel she had been using and picked up the robe from the hook on the back of the door. She walked through the house into the kitchen and retrieved her spare set of car keys from the drawer. She exited through the side door and walked to the trash cans in the drive way and deposited the robe in the trash can. She then walked to the trunk of the car, still parked on the street, and opened the trunk to get her new outfit for tonight.

Several cars passed, some slowing down to admirer the lovely lady with the large breasts wrapped only in a towel. Kelly retrieved her keys, purse and the two bags with her dress and panty bra set from the trunk. As she slammed the trunk it caused her breast to bounce straining the towels grip. She then turned to walk back up the drive way, a car slowed to a stop. She turned to see if they were watching her, three young men were watching her every step. She again felt the warm feeling she had enjoyed earlier in the day. She made it a point to swish her ass a bit more as she continued up the drive. As she neared the door, the extra swishing she had added caused her large breasts to loosen her towel even more.

She held her arms tight to try and prevent the towel from dropping to the ground. When she reached the door she had to move an arm to open it. As she stretched her right arm forward it allowed her towel to release exposing her breasts and her nude body, to an audience for the second time today. Feeling that warm feeling once again, she allowed the towel to drop to the ground. She continued on inside the house feeling flush from the excitement. 

She continued to her bed room to finish getting ready knowing her husband would be home soon. She did her hair, still naked, still excited, admiring her naked form in the mirror, something she had never really done before because she was ashamed of her provocative curves. She applied what little bit of make-up she wore and sprayed her neck and cleavage with a sweet scent her husband had bought her for Christmas several months ago.

She removed the tags from her new panties and bra and pulled them into place, again checking out her fine frame in the mirror, watching her large tits straining the thin lace barely able to contain them. Wondering why she had always kept this body so hidden.

As she was about to put on her dress the phone rang, it was her husband. He told her he would be there in about ten minutes and that they had reservation at 7:15 so please be ready to go when he got there. And that he had a little surprise, a business friend and his wife would be joining them tonight, a couple she had met before. Kelly remembered her as being a biter a lot, on the bold side in her dress, thinking back that she must be a stripper, and her flirtation the first time she met them, something she didn't approve of in the past. She told him she had a little surprise for him too but he will have to wait till later. 

She slipped on her dress and stood back to look once again. It was very apparent she was wearing the thong and bra through the dress. As she turned her ass cheeks were outlined by the thong panties, and her heaving breast were barely held in place inside the flimsy lacy bra that would provide little support for her 32D's, her cleavage was very visible through the thin lace dress. Kelly looked through her closet to find a cover, she wanted to surprise her husband once they got to the restaurant downtown. As she was turning off the light in the bathroom, she heard her husband pull into the drive and blow the horn. She buttoned up her long light jacket as she headed out the side door and into the waiting car.

"Ok, so what is my surprise," asked Gary as she slid into the car.

"You will just have to wait until we get to where we are going," she told him. He tried to get her to tell him as they traveled to the restaurant, begging for hints. They finally arrived; Bob and Kari were waiting out front for them. Bob, average but still a handsome athletic looking guy and Kari, tall with an Italian complexion, barely covered in a short halter type blue backless cocktail dress, which also had a plunging center in the front well below her boobs. The dress stirred about easily when she walked assisted by the 3 inch spiked heels she was wearing. It looked as if that was all she was wearing, and as she walked her firm "C" breasts moved under her dress panels with each step.

As they parked Bob and Kari meet them at the car. Kelly said to Gary, "I think I'll leave my coat here," as she stood on the other side of the car Gary paid no attention to Kelly as she removed her coat and tossed it into the back seat. When Kelly came around the car Gary's face went white as he gazed his eyes on his wife in the sexiest outfit he had ever seen her in since he met her. Even Bob and Kari looked at her body through the daring dress. "Like your surprise," asked Kelly, his mouth moved but nothing came out. "Come on we are late," she lead them toward the door. Gary couldn't believe he was looking at his wife's ass outlined by thong panties in an almost transparent dress.

Kari hurried to catch up with Kelly as they walked into the restaurant to comment of her dress. Once inside and seated Gary again tried to talk, asking Kelly where she got the dress and, and, and.... about her change in attitude. She asked "what are you talking about?"

Kari said "I think she looks beautiful in her new dress don't you Bob..."

"Well of course!" he agreed whole heartily. They ate their dinner and the girls drank 2 bottles of wine, the whole time Gary couldn't take his eyes off his wife. When they left, Kari suggested a club only a few blocks away, it was a new dance club she heard it was great, had an anything goes attitude. Gary started to say something and Kelly cut him off saying they would love to go.

They walked the few blocks to the club with the guys, following the ladies, as they both watched them swishing down the sidewalk, especially Kelly's almost completely visible ass, having to give the dress a tug down now and then as they walked. Gary was sure Kari was not wearing any panties as he thought her saw the crack of her ass peeking out from the backless dress as she walked. Once inside Kari grabbed Kelly's hand headed straight to the crowded dance floor. As the two girls danced, several other guys including their husbands looked on in awe.

Kari was raising her arms and her breasts threatened to emerge from the sides of the dress and when her arms were in the air it also caused her ass cheeks to peek out the bottom of the short dress. Kelly was constantly adjusting her lite weight bra trying to keep her large breasts contained; and of course her ass was in view in her thong, the movement causing her dress to ride up as well, exposing the bottom of her cheeks a few times before she could catch it riding up too far.

After several songs the girls took a break and got their husbands to follow them to the bar for drinks. Gary handed his wife a fuzzy navel and as he looked at her breasts visible through the thin material, he noticed most of her right nipple exposed. Several other guys had noticed it as well, not taking their eyes off of her. Gary debated whether or not to say anything, but then Kari asked her "are going to keep fighting that bra all night or are you just going take it off, hell we can see your nipples." 

Kelly tried to look embarrassed and told Kari "she could never." Kelly tugged the bra back over her exposed nipple, as she drank down her drink. Gary still can only stare as he ogles his own wife, her thin body, curvy ass and large chest on display. The two girls continue putting on their show, Kelly's bra doing little to provide any support to her jiggling tits. Her right nipple exposed once again, as more of her boob slips from the bra. The right bra strap now hanging down her arm as her boob pushes the material away. Kari's boobs slipping in and out the plunging center of the dress. It was apparent to everyone she was wearing no panties as the thin dress bounced around on the dance floor. After several more songs the two headed for another break.

The guys had fresh drinks waiting for them. Kelly looked down, laughing, and said she had been fighting the bra the whole time they had been dancing and it was getting old fast. She reached inside the dress and replaced the bra cup back over her exposed boob. Kari told her again, "just take the damn thing off." Gary started to say something, and then watched as Kelly reached behind her back, just as she had done earlier in the day, and released the hooks behind her back. Gary just stood there watching as his beautiful wife pulled the bra straps from her sleeves and pulled the bra from under the dress through the sleeve opening. Her tits came to rest in their natural but firm position. Her lightly colored, but very visible nipples were there for all to see. She handed the bra to Gary and told him to put the bra in his pocket for her. Gary was again speechless; he could only stare and comply with her request.

Finishing their drinks; Kari told Kelly it was time to dance some more and the two girls headed back to dance leaving the guys to watch them once again. Kelly breasts were moving about under the thin material and a bit of a cheering section had formed to watch the two girls dancing. Kari began bending at the waist to show off her charms to the cheers of the guys. Each time she would lean forward the dress would drop away completely exposing both her tits to the crowd. Kelly tried to copy her but didn't get as loud of a response, Kelly wearing a thong under her dress, her boobs still somewhat covered and Kari wearing only the short plunging backless dress, but just the same the guys enjoyed her attempts.

Kari knowing she had their attention and loved to tease, turned to face the growing crowd of guys and used her hand to bunch the front of her dress to the center, allowing both of her breasts to spill into view. The guys screamed to cheer her on to continue. As Kari continued to show off her breasts, the bunching of the material caused her already short dress to become even shorter, showing everyone nice tits, and the fact she was without panties and clean shaved. Bob elbowed Gary, "Dude I'd love to see your wife do that."

Gary thought to himself, "Yeah so would I but she would never." 

Kelly still excited from earlier in the day, wanting the attention Kari was enjoying. She had grown to enjoy recently in the day and almost felt like an addiction already. Not wanting to be outdone by Kari, Kelly had already stopped tugging her dress down over her hips when it would ride up. Kelly actually began helping her dress up sliding just a bit more to the point her lacy thong was on display. Gray and Bob just smiled and watched, Bob hoping Gary would just let the girls new game play out. The drinks, the excitement, Kari's lead, she began teasing the crowd with her thumbs in the waist band of the panties, pulling each side up and down. Soon the yelling turned to "take it off". 

Kari turned to her and dared her to do it. Kelly dancing around in a circle teasing the guys, looking about hoping to see her husband, but she couldn't find him in the crowd. She turned her ass to the big crowd spread her legs a bit and dropped her thong to the floor using her hands to push them over her hips and thighs down to the floor. In doing so it allowed them to see her clean shaving lips. Gary caught a glimpse but though, "No she has never,"something he had suggested too many times. As she stood back up the dress dropped down to her hips covering some of her ass, several had gotten a view of the still swollen lips. She twirled the panties in her hand still looking for her husband.

She finally just tossed them into the crowd. Kelly went back to dancing with Kari, still teasing the guys by lifting her dress for them. The guys and many women still wanting more began chanting "take it off" once more. As they continued to dance, Kari danced up behind Kelly and placed her hands on her hips, grinding her crotch into Kelly's ass. "You ready for it," Kari said into Kelly's ear.

Not getting a response either way, Kari reached up and grabbed the zipper and began slowly lowering it, unzipping it all the wat to just above her ass crack. None of the guys watching them had yet to realize what Kari had done. Kelly knowing her dress was about to come off, finally looked and saw her husband over to the left side of the dance floor, watching his wife showing off to a club full of people.

He was smiling, still thinking he was having a dream and he began shaking his head indicating she should go for it. Kari also noticing him and began moving the dress off her shoulders and down Kelly's arms to her bent elbows. The straps came to rest at her elbows for what seemed like forever as Kelly; Gray's eyes and Kelly's now locked on each other. Kelly's big breasts still holding the dress up like a firm shelf, the crowd still cheering "take it off." Kelly then dropped her arms allowing the dress to drop to the floor. 

She couldn't believe what she had just done, nor could Gary. This morning she didn't want anyone to see her ankles or to notice how big her chest was, and now she was dancing naked in front of hundreds of people and wanting them to see all of her. Kelly continued to dance for the rest of the song then picked up her dress and rushed to Gary.

Wrapping her arms around him, hugging him, his hands now touching her naked ass, her bareback, running his fingers through her hair, and kissing her deeply. Several other guys were also beginning to touch Kelly as well, she told Gary to get her out of there, she wanted to fuck him now, and he had better get her out of there before she made him start fucking her here in the bar. 

He grabbed her hand and began leading her through the crowd, her dress being used to try and attempt cover her swaying boobs. When they got to the door they started running back toward where they had parked. Kelly's heels and large breasts slowed her down even with her arm across them trying to control the movement. Several people on the street were making cat calls as they raced down the sidewalk with her dress in her hand across her boobs, has ass on display.

Once they got to the car Kelly had already unzipped Gary and was trying to get his ridged member out of his pants. She squatted down next to the car taking him fully into her mouth. Again something Gary had never experienced with Kelly before. It was only a matter of minutes before Kelly was attempting to swallow Gary's exploding juices down her throat and the rest seeping out the corners of her mouth. Kelly stood up and told Gary to take her home; she will take care of him again when they got to the house, as she slid into the car tossing her dress in the back seat for the ride home.

