Never Saw It Coming!
by Executionus 

Blindfolds are an amazing invention. So kinky. So fun. So risky. So perfect for pranking a girlfriend who will never "see" it coming! And before anybody judges me, she had it coming.

So my name is Rick, and I'm a pretty normal 20-year-old guy. I've been dating my girlfriend Ashley for about 5 months now and it's all been pretty good both emotionally and physically. On the physical side of things, she and I both share one particular fetish: We both love to watch the other fly solo. And part of the reason we enjoy this as a couple is because we both can make ourselves experience intense, explosive, convulsing orgasms, and it's a rush to watch. Mine makes messes so huge that it takes two paper towels to clean up. Hers don't do that, but hers last a whole 30-seconds with her pussy lips epicly contracting open and shut like it was a fish trying to breathe air the entire time. Both of us are extremely insecure about our own little O performances, but watching the other's has become our favorite thing ever. We've learned to trust our partner, and ONLY our current partner ever, with being able to see us in that moment of pure bliss. Honestly we watch each other masturbate, or masturbate one-another, way more often than we actually have plain old sex. Usually we take turns while adding elements of kink to the show for maximum enjoyment. I don't care if you think that's weird.

Now her birthday was about two weeks ago, and as her present I recorded for her and sent to her a 30-minute video of me stroking the ol' 8-incher, complete with massive finish. I worked many angles for her approval, close ups, full body, seated, standing, and I even hung upside down by my legs while jerking it just to give her a truly rare view. When the end hit, I was lying down face up and I aimed it in such a way that I showered my whole chest and half of my legs with my spunk. To say that she was happy with her naughty surprise present was an understatement considering that neither of us had ever sent any naked pics to one-another yet. I skipped right past that step and went straight into XXX porn vid to make her happy. It went without saying that this was a private gift (no pun intended) and was not to be shared around willy-nilly (also no pun intended.)

Or at least it SHOULD have been that way! Imagine my surprise when one of our mutual female friends, Nichole, came to visit me one day when I was home alone in order to deliver some "distressing news" to me in person. You guessed it, she starts playing my private video for me on her phone. I went solid red in the face. I did NOT want a video like that of me being seen by her, or any other girl for that matter. Well it turns out that Ashley wanted to brag to all of the other girls in our circle of friends about how sexy I am, so without even asking my permission she shared the full 30-minute explicit HD video with their entire Discord server, which had 12 total members besides her...all female. Half of them were my friends too, not just hers, so now all of my platonic friends that I've known for years have seen my dick and have watched me jerk it for a half hour. They even saw the money shot at the end! Ashley couldn't even give me the goddamn dignity of cutting that part out. She knew that I was ashamed of the size of my loads normally, and she knew that I had worked myself up for a long time for that video just to make it double the size that it normally is. And she still shared it with 12 girls I knew behind my back. I was mortified.

Nichole apologized heavily for watching my private video, swearing that she was told by Ashley that Ashley had gotten my permission to show it off, before Ashley later ordered them all to keep it quiet and not tell me. Ashley apparently keeps playing it off as just a prank, but it's a prank that I'm not supposed to know about or else she'll get in trouble. Personally I think Ashley just got off to showing my body to her best friends and doesn't want to admit it. Nichole did tell me that she and the others all found me and my equipment super sexy, which honestly did help a lot, but it's still going to be a little awkward talking with any of the girls now.

It was a nice little "prank" she hit me with, to say the least. I needed some major payback here to get her back and make us even. I wasn't going to dump her over this since honestly...sudden trust issues aside, we're still so good overall. But yeah, I needed to prank her back HARD to make up for this betrayal and humiliation. Not just a regular prank either, I needed to do exactly to her what she did to me: I was going to let all of my guys friends, including our mutual guy friends, watch HER cum. And this time it wasn't going to be just a video, we were doing it live. And that's where the blindfold comes in.

After some thinking on the subject, I told Nichole what I was going to do and to keep it quiet from Ashley. She was completely agreed with me and wanted me to tell her how it went afterwards. I was going to invite Ashley over, let her strip for me, tie her legs to my bed, blindfold her, and then let her put on a full and complete show not knowing that the guys were all in the room now. At the exact moment when she reached the "end" of the show, I was going to remove her blindfold. She would never see it coming, but every guy we know will see HER cumming! The look on her face would be priceless.

********

The day of the master plan, I brought Ashley over to my place for the evening. I wasted no time getting her in the mood, partially because of the 7 extremely bored men hiding in my backyard not allowed to make any noise. I pulled up the VIP chair in front of the bed. Whichever of us that was sitting in this chair was always treated to some truly soul-enticing views over the last several months. While sitting in the VIP chair, I watched my beautiful goddess dance on my bed. Her moves were divine, and her garments each one by one developed a strong magnetic attraction to the floor. Her nude body was stunning, and I couldn't believe that I was moments away from showing it off to all of my bros. Their jealousy of me was going to reach critical mass.

My bed has a four-limb harness under the mattress, capable of grabbing all four limbs in tight elastic and pulling them apart as far as they all can possibly go. Suffice to say that we have experimented with this on many wondrous occasions. When I am strapped in there even I can't break free and with my strength I can just barely move my arms. Because she is so short compared to me and half my strength (being generous), her body gets locked in place in an X shape without the slightest minuscule hope of escape or even movement. Whichever of us is free has complete and absolute control over the other if all four limbs are locked up. We then bring our partner to the edge by any means we see fit and then hold them there as long as possible. The restraints are to prevent the person locked up from being able to tap out and finish themselves when they can't bear it anymore. Only the master that turn gets to make that choice, the sub must suffer for master's enjoyment. It is a dynamic which was perfect for the prank that would happen tonight. There would be no escape for her, nor mercy. If I am showing my friends what my girlfriend's throbbing, squeezing pussy looks like during an orgasm, I am making sure that it is one that hits at absolutely maximum power...just to put on the best possible show for the guys.

Once I lock Ashley's ankles into the harness, her legs are pulled wide apart and her sex obscenely bared to me. No matter how many times I see these soft, smooth lips opened before me, I always feel a rush in my heart and groin just like the first time. Only now do I bring up the blindfold, something new that we have never done before. I had a whole speech memorized in case I needed to convince her, but immediately she agreed. If I didn't know better, I'd say that blindfolds might be a hidden kinky desire of hers. If so, that was going to work splendidly. Once she was completely blindfolded, I told her the rules for the evening: Two hands free work herself up, only one hand free bring herself to the edge, and then no hands free I keep her there until she abandons all of her dignity and literally screams to cum. Ashley was far too timid during sex to get loud unless tortured and deprived beyond her physical limits and we both knew it. When I brought out the "scream" card, this was not a condition meant to be taken lightly. It meant that we kept going until she broke down and humiliated herself for me just to get her O. It meant that I was trying to set a new record for her most intense orgasm ever. And tonight, she accepted my terms.

As I left the bed side, I secretly grabbed my phone off of the nightstand and texted the guys "ready". I also had something that I've always wanted to do, but she would never let me do it. I snuck a few pictures of her naked body displayed wide on my bed, with her blinded and unable to see what I was doing. If she ever found out about the shots I was taking between her legs she would probably hit me with a bat, but these pictures would be mine forever. I might even make one of them her contact picture in my phone, but that's a concern for future me. I look down the hall as I see the seven guys silently walking into my home. In just seconds they were going to see my girlfriend naked with her legs pulled wide apart! I was trembling, literally shaking with anticipation. Somehow the thrill of showing off my girl to the guys was turning me on more than the thought of watching her play, which was not something that I expected at all. When each guy walked into my bedroom and saw the naked body of my delicious darling, each one of them lit up in the face with intense arousal and appreciation. All seven guys stood there nearby my closet right in time for Ashley to begin rubbing her naked chest and arms with her hands during her warm-up session. In that moment I understood why Ashley did it, why she sent the video to the girls. I even understood that she would do it again in a heartbeat if given the chance. I understood because I was feeling the exact same way.

Her hands roamed all over the most sensitive areas of her body, while her mouth told all of us the dirtiest, naughtiest desires and thoughts that she had. If she had any clue that our friends were hearing her talk that way her face would've grown red all by itself, even without the part of being seen as well. And she was going to know exactly what was said and done, because I made sure to let all of the boys bring their phones with them to the show. The girls all got a video of my body to keep forever, so the boys were going to get to keep one of Ashley when this was all said and done. It's only fair, after all. They all knew I would beat their asses if they shared it with anyone else, but right now the thought of all of my guy friends getting off to the video for years to come was exciting me greatly. They all wanted my girlfriend. Two of the guys have known her for many years, and it was written all over their faces the endless remorse of having never hooked up with her during that time. Too bad, bros...you can look but not touch.

Foreplay over, Ashley began working her wet and wide happy box for her audience next. She told me how much of a turn-on it was for her to be blinded like this, the powerless sensation and the heightened powers of her sense of touch with her sight disabled. I could tell how strongly this affected her by the intensity of her voice, not to mention the obvious dampness. I had placed a towel underneath her soft little butt on my bed to catch any little leakage from the night's fun, and that was clearly a wise decision. It really did not take long before we were ready for phase two.

I grabbed her left hand right off of her body without warning, gripping it tightly with my strength and pinning it to the bed helplessly. She moaned loudly, much more loudly than she had intended to do. It was perfect, just thinking about the boys hearing that side of her while staring deep into the in-side of her. I secured her left hand to the harness, leaving her with only the right hand to play with. She put on her best show for me that night, doing everything she knew how to do. She rubbed her clit, rubbed the outside circumference of her inner labia up and down with her split fingers, slid two fingers inside, and then did it all over again. The videos of this performance would be priceless, as would all of the high-resolution pictures that I was taking for myself. Her moans were so good. This performance by itself had me ready to bust out of my pants like the chest-burster from Alien, but the added thrill of showing her off was making that double what it would be normally. The only reason on this Earth that I didn't touch myself in this moment was the witnesses there, and this took every drop of my willpower to accomplish.

Her rubbing sped up to an insane rate, actually causing me some nervousness about her finishing too quickly for my plan. She then ordered me to rip her hand off of her immediately or she was going to cum any second! This was new, and sent a tingle through me. I grabbed her right wrist with my hand as she fought me and resisted, rubbing herself faster and faster. It was a tug of war, she was actually trying to cum right now while asking me to forcibly deny her at the last second. Her lust was giving her superhuman strength, actually resisting me pulling her hand off of her pussy. When I finally ripped her hand off and pinned it to her pillow she loudly whimpered in tormented frustration. God she was so hot, watching her body writhe in last-second forced denial almost caused me to nut in my pants right there. I could tell that she was only seconds away by the time I got her hand off of her, the agony was that intense. Once her hand was locked into its restrains, there was now no way for her to get what her body desired until she screamed for it loudly enough that the neighbors might hear her. If she had any clue that every guy we know was going to both hear her screams and witness her creams she would have been horrified beyond words.

Now it was my turn. I made sure to avoid blocking my friends' views of the inner workings of this pussy as I traced my fingertips across its most sensitive zones. I lightly grazed the underside of her aroused clit and watch her squirm from it. I gently pinched her labia on both sides with my hands, pulling them open and closed over and over again while my friends watched in amazement. Having her labia touched is a favorite edging technique for her as there's no risk of accidental finish but it floods her pussy with pleasures. My friends, however, were amazed that I was spreading my girlfriend wide open in front of them, giving them looks more intimate than anything even her gynecologist ever saw. Her lips were drooling from the stimulation...both of them. When I could feel the tension suddenly rise I let go of her pussy completely, once again resulting in the most pitiful whimpers of denial ever. I kept the cycle of edge and denial going for 15 more minutes, and by this time I can tell that I should've used two or three towels under her if I was wanting to actually protect my bed from wetness...either that or a bucket.

All of the guys had watched Ashley's pussy perform for them, all of its movements, pulsing, it's opening and closing, it's leaking and throbbing, but there was one last thing that they needed to see to finish the night. I had to make her cum. I could see it all in my head, the vision of pulling off her blindfold at the exact instance that she hit the point of no return, trapping her in a 30-second-long explicit orgasm while staring in horror at her secret audience of guys and being unable to cover up or even stop her pussy from contracting in front of them all. I couldn't wait any longer to watch her. I had to have this, it was edging me just as badly as it was edging her. The boys watching her, the mental image of what I was about to show them, their lust for her pussy and the intense shame that she was about to feel...all of this had me shaking with anticipation and dying for my release.

It was risky, but I had one last trick up my sleeve that could break her. I sat on her chest by surprise, leaning down between her legs. I then gave her anatomy just one...single...lick from her clit down across her slit. She started cussing me out, using language that none of our friends had ever heard from such a sweet little girl before. She was thrashing and bucking under me, with that one lick causing her to lose her focus and willpower very fast. She tried to beg "Please make me cum" just a little loudly, but that wasn't even close and I told her that. When she tried to go quiet again I gave her just one more single lick, this time resulting in wild contractions 2 inches in front of my eyes! I was sad that the boys didn't get to see that part, but I now knew that she was so close that even just one more solitary single lick would set her off. She could feel it too, begging me again and again to make her cum. She was frantic, sounding like a girl begging for her life in the electric chair. Her dignity was almost entirely gone, my lover reduced to nothing more than a hip thrusting maiden of the purest lust. Still, though, she hasn't screamed for me. I got off of her and stood at the side of the bed, not wanting to block anyone's view for the final moments. As she humped the air and moaned from the pre-orgasmic torture, I leaned in and blew into her opened and tensing pussy. That was the last straw, as she screamed loudly enough to shake the walls "FUCKER MAKE ME CUM, RICK, MAKE ME CUM RIGHT NOW!!!"

All of our guy friends just her her scream that, such a perverse and desperately horny and embarrassing this to scream. The rush of letting them hear that washed over me, and I realized that I was the horniest that I had ever been in my life. My underwear is probably as wet as that towel under her just from my own leakage. I love her, she is my perfect woman. I want to do this sort of thing with her forever, including the exposure to others. I completely forgave her in my mind for showing me off, because now I completely understood without any haze of doubt or question. I wanted this to be part of our dynamic from now on, showing each other off to people we trust. And I wanted her hand in marriage, but first I needed this climax. I needed HER climax. I needed all of our guy friends to witness her hit her orgasm, to have her watch them all watching her, to have her watch them all filming her complete with close-ups, and to have all of us watch as she was 100% powerless to stop any of it or to hide any of it. Everything she has, her most intimate and private most feminine moment, the one part of her body that she is the most insecure about and ashamed of was about to be displayed to every single one of us guys.

I placed my middle fingertip from my right hand on top of her clitoral hood gently without moving it. Five seconds of movement, that was all it would take to detonate this bomb right now and we both knew it. I'm sure even the guys knew it without being told. I moved my left hand over to the side of her face, placing the end of my fingers on top of the bottom edge of her blindfold. I needed to say something in this moment, something profound. Something that conveyed my emotions for her, my true feelings, and made sure that when I rubbed my fingertip on her clit that she would cum with literally the maximum pleasure possible to her body. I was shivering, the anticipation making me light-headed. It was finally time! I was ready! She was ready! The boys were ready! The cameras were ready!

I leaned in closely, putting my lips next to her ear.

My fingertip slowly, gently moved just barely back and forth, about to set her off any second.

She moaned and whimpered, feeling it begin.

I slid my left fingers under her blindfold....

My words were for her and her alone as I whispered in her ear "Cum for me like you were my wife!"

She shivered from the shock of my final words, but that shock was nothing compared to the look in her eyes when I ripped the blindfold off and she saw her excited audience! Right as I unblinded her, my hand sped up and rubbed her clit at full speed to make her cum for me and everyone else. When the orgasm hit I pulled my hand away in order to not block the view for any of us.

She screamed but was unable to make words as the orgasm hit. Her pussy opened and closed over and over again while we watched, trying to squeeze a dick that wasn't there. She thrashed and moaned louder and more intensely than I've ever seen from her, unable to blink or look away from the guys watching her every contraction. She saw the cameras filming her but couldn't stop from cumming and couldn't break free of her restraints. It just kept going and going on and on, I lost track of the time watching her body ride the twin waves of pleasure and humiliation. It obviously went for longer than her usual 30 seconds, and before long I realized that she was actually getting off on the humiliation itself. She got off to my public exposure and humiliation earlier, and now she was getting off to her own.

Her whimpers and moans echoed off of the walls, trying to mouth out words like "No!", "Stop!", "Please!", and "God!" here and there but struggling to do so coherently. Her face was so flushed red that it turned a deeper shade than the hot pink insides of her pussy.

When her body finally came down, she whimpered and begged everyone to delete their pics and videos of her. Interestingly she didn't even bother asking why the guys were all here, as if she already knew exactly why I just did that to her. Just in case, I told her anyway "All of this is your punishment for sending the girls a video of me to keep. Key word "to keep". The guys get to keep their videos of you now"

One of my boys had to replay the video just to let Ashley, still trapped as a naked X in the room with the eight clothed men she valued most in the world, witness personally how graphic the movie was. This video would've been censored in most porn movies, and Ashley now knew that all of the guys she knew had that video to enjoy forever. As all of them gave me a huge high five on the way out, and they all thanked Ashley for the epic show (as if she had any choice in the matter).

Once they were gone I locked the door, turning around to greet my helpless naked bound beauty. As I started removing my clothes, I told her "So you don't get to be free for this next part"

She looked at my nude form kneeling over her with pure lust in her eyes, and her mouth dropped when she saw me pick up my phone and hold the camera overhead aimed at her happy little entrance. The tip of my dick rested on top of her clit as I got ready to film, with both of us knowing exactly what this meant. The next video would be me entering her lips, close-up, in high definition.

In a commanding dominant voice I told her "This video goes to all of our friends, the boys and the girls." She moaned "Yes please!"

I then told her "All of our lovemaking will be posted online from now on, including Pornhub" She gasped and then moaned again "Yes!"

Finally I told her "And you will be my wife, doing this with me for the rest of our lives." At a loss for words for 5 whole seconds, she finally yelled "Yes! Oh God yes!"

I mentally made a note that if any of our future children ever asked how mommy and daddy got engaged, we were going to have to make something up and take that little secret to the grave.

The End