
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

An Hour of Reflection

   Meg and Peg. A twinge of regret.

   It should have been a time of exultant jubilation, but instead my
   anxiety about this moment of many transitions had cracked the
   shell to reveal a brooding melancholy; had stripped away my usual
   mask of blithe nonchalanace, laying bare the vulnerability of my
   deepest fears.

   It was late, the very same night. The packing of my trunk long
   ago completed, I now sat watching the Princess prancing daftly
   about in delightful feathery diaphanous scarves, gaily scattering
   belongings first here and then across the room, as the gaggle of
   girls giggled and gathered.

   "We get to camp out! Under the stars!" she exclaimed, scurrying
   about in giddy excitement. "I love camping out."

   Off to visit Aunt Peg, sister of the Princess' mother, the
   ex-Queen. Vanished Queen, hence unseen. Perhaps not simply
   disappeared, but vanquished, banished. I should have prevented it
   -- I was the one -- but how was I to know? In the corner I sat,
   motionless in the shadow of remorse. But perhaps I was being too
   harsh inflicting reflective self-flagellation.

   How was I to know? That one day the King and Queen would ride off
   to disappear, that the shadows of that day would draw long across
   the lawn, that whispers would grow, and everyone know they should
   have returned by now? But not to panic.

   It was only then that I searched as best I could, but found only
   darkness. Only after they had not come back that I realized the
   folly of my failure to prevent the dark magic. King Hieronymus
   and Queen Megan, their laughter no more to be heard reverberating
   from the walls and flagstones, and the best magic I could produce
   was painfully inadequate.

   How was I to know? The Sangrelysia I was born and flourished into
   was a celebration, a paradise. Golden sunlight flooding rich
   green grassy fields and forests full of colorful sweet-scented
   flowers, jasmine and roses, chattering birds and prancing playful
   fauna.

   Jauntily we rode, thundering across the plains, while a roaring
   fiery red dragon in the distance patrolled the Northern borders
   to turn back the very evils which had descended, becoming now
   only too real.

   It was always from the North that vile ways of thinking would
   arrive, gateway to the chilly chaotic land where pale-skinned
   invaders schemed and fought amongst themselves. The mysterious
   land of dragons, where reality's increased uncertainty gave rise
   to heightened magic, yet paradoxically it was the portal to the
   mundane world, threshold of the land without magic.

   I had often thought to close off the border entirely, but King
   Hieronymus would wisely refuse. "A well-designed fortress always
   has a weakness," he would reply. So we, knowing the weakness,
   could anticipate the course of the intruders.

   Now and again we would have a worthy visitor, one who genuinely
   did not belong in the world-without-magic, who would arrive and
   breathe a sigh of relief, settling in gently to our peculiar ways
   without a tremor.

   Back then, tales of ancient long ago battles had floated
   carelessly across the breeze on the lips of overacting bards
   intoxicated with conceit at their own storytelling. What could be
   worse than a pompous narrator, unconcerned with the feelings of
   the listener? But it was all in good fun, as it should have been.

   "What about my harp?" the Princess shouted. "I need to practice
   for my recital in the spring."

   "Your Aunt Peg has one you can use, I'm sure," I said. "Don't you
   think we're carrying along a sufficient quantity of stuff
   already?"

   Her face fell.

   "Alright, so take it along if you want. You're the Princess."

   She beamed, running over to me, placing fingertips of both hands
   gently on my knees, and kissed me on the lips. The kiss was, as
   the Princess herself, a lingering glimmer of the former joyful
   state of Sangrelysia, as our tongues met and explored
   momentarily. Then she was across the room, transporting some
   article of clutter from where it was to somewhere else.

   The Sangrelysia of my youth was pointedly carefree. We went out
   of our way to indulge in reckless abandon. It was our mission,
   our accomplishment. I grew up knowing about the dark secrets,
   books filled with spells cast to cause pain and submission, but
   why would I want to fill my head with such things?

   It wasn't until disaster struck that I found myself desperately
   skimming such tedious, grey dusty volumes, clad in the spiderwebs
   of neglect. I sat in my tower frantically seeking to fill in the
   gaps. Into the shadows I had gazed, as far as I could, but still
   nothing. Never before had I needed to look into the depths of
   night with such intensity, shadows cast by invisible demons.

   Yet unpracticed in the ways of darkness, I saw only vague forms,
   slithering in the half-light, impossible to grasp. And my stomach
   churned at the idea that someone had sought out such things, that
   these very ideas so violently revulsed my mind, were intimately
   cherished by some perverse creature, the form of whom I scarcely
   dared imagine.

   No longer innocent now, my eyes. Thief and detective must stare
   at the same sordid affliction, share the same obsession with the
   perverse. As detective, forced to explore the hideous gears of
   criminal churning, dutifully I descended to the depths of
   comprehension, to follow the logic of the absurd, to trace the
   wires of greed back to their source, compiling a mental map of
   the terrible circuitry. To foil the devices of evil, one must
   trace the course of cramped paranoid desire, hunch over to occupy
   the grim hovel of dread and deceit, to reveal the tangled,
   obfuscated workings lurking within.

   Had I been looking with the wiser eyes of today, perhaps the
   answer would have emerged. But submerged instead into the stench-
   ridden slime-infested sucking swamp of inky mud, what I seek has
   already been enveloped in the depths. And the kingdom has become
   as a ship rent by jagged reefs, sinking in mired decay.

   Behind ones back, the weeds and thorns may grow, the spiderwebs
   and rotting mildew overwhelm all that is fair and bounteous, the
   insects devour the interior of the support beams, leaving behind
   only the thin veneer, the shallow surface appearance of illusory
   strength.

   Then the insect emperor, greatest of cockroaches, King George
   himself swept in, and toppled the beauty of the old ways. Brought
   down with the nudge of a finger, the beautiful, venerable but
   naive majesty of centuries-old wisdom was no match for the
   cold-hearted ambition of power-lust.

   Too long had we averted our gaze with carefree youthful
   arrogance. Too long had dark magic been permitted to fester. The
   ascension council bribed or poisoned, or corrupted by evil
   incantations. The council, for want of eligible heir, crowned
   George as the brother of the King. Rumors of the evil doings of a
   certain wizard Elwrong, master of darts, were instantly quashed,
   and the official news was twisted to proclaim the glory and
   virtue of the new King.

   The princess skipped, then flounced onto the bed, out of sight
   amid giggles behind the sweeping pleated curve of the regally
   amethyst velvet curtain, leaving me to only imagine the soft
   tickles and girl-snuggles within. The curtain, drawn back by an
   ornate cincture, hung from the false draped sky, the canopy
   suspended from four intricately lathed wooden posts.

   In my pocket, my fingernail clicked the cold, smooth surface of
   the crystalline globe I had found, the one the Princess had
   fathomed more deeply than I (perhaps I was irrelevant after all).
   The crystal ball, I felt a need to keep with me now, disturbing
   though it was. Somehow it held the key to unlock the secret of
   the theft that had so cruelly taken place. Worse than the theft
   of an Empire, the devastation of an ideal.

   Was my struggle only futile? How long would I need to continue
   digging into the stinking bowels of deceitful lies? To disinter
   the gruesome worm-eaten carcasses? In the end, would it even make
   any difference?

   In vain, I listened for even a whisper of the voices of my
   ancestors, the nameless wizard who held the post before me, who
   so calmly instructed me in the ways of magic. I had a name back
   then (not telling, sorry!) until he conferred on me the sacred
   status of namelessness, so that he could recede into the autumn
   sunlight, to bask in the fading yellow rays.

   Now I could understand his faint sadness that I found such a
   mystery in my youth, the elegiac longing of one who had stared
   evil in the face and now reminisced on the days prior to such
   knowledge.

   Mercifully, he had departed, with a faint smile on his face,
   faintness to match the sadness that had so mystified me. A face I
   could almost no longer remember, as the glaze of each passing
   sunset varnished another layer of gray fog over the memories to
   which I clung.

   A scuffle and flurry, a handful of bounces, and my Princess stood
   grinning, face upturned to me. "Hi," she said.

   "Hello," I reluctantly replied.

   "Why so sad?"

   A heavy sigh, I'm afraid. "Thinking about your mom and dad."

   She thought, and shrugged, then grinned again. "You'll find them,
   don't worry. And I'm going to help!"

   Her idiotic, silly cheerful bluster brought drops of warm
   refreshing salty moisture to my eyes. She put her arms around me,
   and I caressed and held her delicate, fragile, sweet precious
   softness with my palms and fingertips. It was her future that
   kept me going. The woman she would become, and the men and women
   who would emerge childhood into a world we were now creating.

   Eventually, I let her go. I had to, so she could finish getting
   ready.

                                                           Chapter 9

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
