Blackshaft - 2-06 - Pride part 2
(Adults Only. Copyright@Rama. 2013)



			Commissioner Gregg's Office. Police Headquarters. Day.

			Gregg had the phone held away from ear. It didn't make the mayor's voice any lower. "That sick bastard is still alive! And you said nothing, Commissioner! Nothing! How the hell did that sick fuck get my personal number!" the mayor yelled. Jane Gregg had already tried interrupting but had given up. The man wasn't calling to listen. "And now this. Howard Storme. A man this city should be honouring just for breathing it's air! Is SHOT AT! In HIS OWN HOME!" the rant continued. Gregg sighed then she noted the silence from the phone. 
			"Mr Mayor..." she saud gently.
			"Your career, Commissioner, is on very thin ice right now." the Mayor hissed in her ear. "I want that sick fuck locked up and I want that bastard who shot at Howard Storme. That or you start looking for other work, Commissioner. Maybe something you can actually do!"
			The call cut off leaving Gregg just sitting at her desk holding the phone to her ear. She put the phone back and leaned on the desk. The investigation into the Storme shooting had some of the city's best detectives on it already. They had found the building the shot had been made from and found nothing but a single bullet casing. The Mayor had to do what she was doing. And just wait.
			And Smiler? How do you find someone who doesn't want to be found?
			Jane Gregg put her head in her hands. "Fuck...." she sighed.


										*


			Tiffany Storme Apartment. Bedroom. Day.

			The two black studs had left and hour ago but Tiffany could swear her pussy was still stretched from the pounding it had gotten most of the night. Holly was still sleeping. Or fucking comatose from her own hard fucking, Tiffany thought with a smile. She grabbed the bottle of pills and took one the morning-after pills from it then swallowed the small round tablet. Leaving the bottle out for Holly she stood up and. still naked, walked into the hall. Tiffany headed into the kitchen and switched on the coffee maker. They had left and hour ago but not before unloading some more hot, thick cum into the two of them. 
			Tiffany smiled as she seemed to feel that big, thick cock pushing inside her. The stud had finished off by straddling her shooting his load into her mouth. The best kind of breakfast, she thought and rubbed her pussy. Tiffany saw the coffee was ready and put out two mugs then filled them. Taking the two mugs back into the bedroom and saw the answer phone blinking at her. Putting the mugs down on the small table she pressed the `PLAY' button. Her father's voice yelled out from the phone. Tiffany hit the `NEXT' button. More anger, more bullshit. She had heard it all before. The old asshole had to understand she had her own life now. And it wasn't `Brand Storme'. Tiffany couldn't care less about the companies or the business. Things were changing.
			She skimmed through the rest of the messages, deleting them as they came up, each one an increasingy furious Howard Storme. "Fuck you, daddy." she told the machine as the last message was erased. Entering the bedroom the smell of sex still hung in the air. Tiffany licked her lips and put the mugs down next to the sleeping form of Holly. She looked at the blonde then gently kissed her on the lips. Holly moaned and opened her mouth automatically. How many times had she passed thick, creamy cum into that mouth....
			Holly was looking up at her. "Morning." the blonde smiled.
			"Morning." Tiffany smiled back. "They gone?"
			"Yep. I brought breakfast."
			Holly looked around. "Oh?"
			"Course." Tiffany said and pulled the cum-stained cover back. She climbed up on the bed and straddled Holly's head. "Hot pussy pie..."
			Tiffany took her coffee and sipped from it as she felt Holly's hands sliding around her thighs and pulling her down. She smield as she felt the lips touch her pussy lips then felt the tongue running up and down her slit. "Mmmmmm...." she moaned.
			The answer phone clicked on again and she let it ramble on as Holly slowly ate her pussy. "Look...." Howard Storm said. Whatever, Tiffany thought,puttign down the mug and sitting back so she was smothering Holly's face. "....sorry. But the son of a bitch missed me...." Yeahhhhh.... "I just need to know your safe."
			I'm fine, you old prick, Tiffany thought to herself as she squeezed Holly tits. 
			She was startled by the buzzer for the building's reception. "Shit." she heard Holly mutter and climbed off. 
			"It'll only be a minute." Tiffany told her and skipped out the bedroom to the hall. She picked up the phone next to the door. "Yes." she said.
			"Miss Storme?" the voice from downstairs asked and Tiffany recognised it as the old man who sat on reception. She could never remember hi name but he was nice. 
			"What's up?" she replied, making a mental note to get his name.
			"There are two police officers down here wanting to come up."
			"What?" Tiffany blinked. Then covered the mouthpiece of the phone. "Holly!" she whispered loudly. 
			"What?" the voice said from the bedroom.
			"Miss Storme?"
			"Yeah." Tiffany said into the phone. "Tell them to come on up."
			"Certainly--"
			Tiffany cut off the call and ran into the bedroom. "We got cops downstairs!" she told Holly and saw the panic in the blonde's eyes. Holly leap out of the bed and stopped suddenly. "What the fuck we done?" she asked as quick.
			Tiffany also stopped. "Nothing. I hope." she said. "Just get cleaned up."
			The two young women quickly washed themselves and had pulled on bathrobes just the door bell rang. Tiffany looked at Holly and together they took a breath. Then she opened the door. Two tall, black uniform cops were standing there. "Miss Tiffany Storme?" the one in front asked.
			"Yes," Tiffany nodded and felt her pussy twinge. 
			"Haven't you heard the news yet?" the cop continued.
			"What news?"
			"I'm sorry to inform you that your father was shot at last night." 
			Missed me, she remembered from the answering phone. "Shot at?" Tiffany said. "I..." she said and turned to Holly. "Where is he?" she asked the police officers.
			"I can take you to him." the first one said. Tiffany's heart was racing as she ran into the bedroom to get some clothes. 



			Hotel Room. Day.

			Verne felt the nerves. He'd been stupid all the way through this. He should have realised that a piece of shit like Howard Storme would have put some kind of protection like a refractive glass. Should have compensated for the possibility of that. The asshole was probably getting threats every day of his life. Stupid! The shot had looked so easy too. Too easy, that should have been the clue. Verne looked at the packed bag that was on the bed and went through his mental checklist again. He saw everything he needed was in the bag and zipped it closed. Then looked around the room. It was clean. Of both items, fingerprints and anything that could trace him by DNA. He had scrubbed it with bleach before he called the airport and booked the flight, under a false name, and not one from his days at the Agency. He was freelance now. It allowed him to pick and choose his jobs. Too many times had he been  handed jobs that made his stomach turn or made him just question why he had done what he did. 
			He had money, and a `talent' of sorts. Never missed a shot. until now. But that wasn't the only mistake. Missing had made him rush, and he had not counted the shells from the gun before he left that roof. Verne had left a bullet case behind. And couldn't be sure whether he'd wiped the prints from them. Usually he would have done that. Just to be sure. But right now, as he waited for the taxi that would take him to the airport and get him away from this dumb screw-up. The gun, bullets and empty casing had gone in the river. 
			Where the fuck was that taxi...



			Commisioner's Office. Police Headquarters. Day.

			Jane Gregg grabbed the phone as it rang. "Commissioner Gregg." she said.
			"Chief Dealton," the male voice said. "We got lucky."
			"Tell me." Gregg replied. Tell me something I can shove up the Mayor's ass, she added in her mind.
			"Fingerprints off the bullet. It's a partial but we've run them through every database, state, federal and international."
			"And?" 
			"His name is Verne Kobe." a proud-sounding Chief of Detectives told her. "Ex-army. Ex-CIA. That's the one problem we have. This guy's a fucking pro."
			"If he's CIA then he might be using aliases." Gregg said, feeling a sense of relief at being able to give the Mayor something.
			"My thoughts too. I've got pictures that are about fifteen years out of date. I've ordered them aged and to be sent out to every way out of the city."
			"It's something anyway. What about Storme?"
			"I've passed the information to his people and advised them to increase security. And asked for a list of people he's pissed off that might afford a hitman like Kobe, but..."
			"Who hasn't he pissed off."
			"Yup," Dealton nodded in agreed.
			"Good work, Chief." Gregg said and ended the call. She keyed in the new number for the Mayor's office. and sat back. 



			Storme Enterprises. Storme's Office. Day.

			She could hear his voice through the walls as she approached the outer office. Tiffany Storme burst in and saw Tanya, the young secretary who manned the desk. And was responsible for a few other duties for her father. Tanya looked at Tiffany as she walked on though. "I can hear him." Tiffany said.
			"I want guards on every door!" Howard Storme bellowed. as Tiffany walked in without knocking. "I want snipers on the roof and don't care how much it costs! Call the president and tell him I want the best of the best or that prick ain't getting one dime out of me next time he comes crawling with his begging bowl! It was one of his god-damn trained killers who pulled the trigger, so he fucking owes me!"
			For a man who'd just missed a bullet, he seemed as full of bluster as before. "Dad." she said he put the phone down. Howard Storme was standing in front of the window like there was nothing to fear. 
			"Look what the cat brought in." he said.
			Tiffany felt the urge to rush over and hug him but knew the act would be brushed off. He wasn't an emotional man. Just an angry one. "I thought...." She looked down, not sure what she was wanting to say.
			"Thought your inheritance was in? Thought all of this was yours?"
			"What?" Tiffany looked up. "I was worried!"
			"My daughter would be worried but I am not sure who she is these days." he said.
			"Dad..."
			"My daughter would have checked her phone and seen I wanted to talk to her."
			Tiffany sighed. 
			Howard pressed some keys on the computer. "My daughter would given a damn instead of acting like a little whore."
			She looked at him again. "Jesus..."
			"You think I don't know what happens?" he told her. "You coming out of those clubs with those men. Who's the boyfriend tonight, darling?"
			Tiffany blinked. "Someone just shot at you and you're..."
			"You don;t get where I am without someone taking shots at you in someway. What hurts me is the shots you're taking at me?"
			"Me?" she said.
			"You!"  he swung the chair round and sat down. Tiffany noticed it looked different. "Like it?" Howard asked. "Kevlar backing, White House approved. But what it can't protect me from is my own family."
			"I was worried--"
			"I know who shot at me." he nodded. "I can guess who paid him too. That egomaniac Lime."
			"Adrian Lime?" she asked.
			"Yes, him." Howard said. "Have you had him yet? You seem to working you're way through most of his kind."
			"Oh..." Tiffany gasped and felt the anger rising.
			"Things are going to change, Tiffany." her father said. "Starting with you."
			"I'm fine!" she retorted.
			"When you prove to me you are worthy of name `Storme', you can say that!" Howard sat back. "Now get the hell out."
			Tiffany just stood there. The man had gone back to the computer. He suddenly looked up.
			"You still here?" her father asked like he was talking to another employee.
			The anger started to swell up but she got a breath and suppressed the feelings. Stubborn, old son of a bitch, she thought and turned. Tiffany slammed the door behind her as she left.



			Hotel room. Day.

			Verne looked at his watch again. Taxis these days, he wondered and thought about if he'd been that lazy in his days in the army and the CIA. People would have died. He would have died. The news had been running with the botched attack and Verne had wondered about how far the police were behind him. He couldn't be sure he hadn't left something behind so getting out was the best idea. Yeah. If in doubt pull back and figure out a new approach. That was what he'd been taught. Only idiots or heroes go running into trouble, and there was a fine line between those two. A lot of heroes were just idiot who got lucky.
			Get out and come back at Storme from another way. At least the heat will be lower and next time he'd plan it out better. Now where the fuck was that taxi?


 
			Tiffany Storme Apartment.

			She'd got a cab and couldn't get the thought from her head as it crawled through the packed traffic. How could he say those things about her? She had been really worried and to find him only concerned about, the damn family name! Tiffany couldn't care less about the family name. She couldn't care less about the whole stupid `brand' bullshit. It had only been in the past six months that she had really let the true feelings come out. She wanted black men, not those white, posh assholes who cared for nothing but showing off how rich they were. Her father had introduced her to so many of those dicks and she saw right through him for what he was doing. Tiffany recognised him for he was. 
			Howard Storme thought he was King.
			He had been trying to pull that bullshit they used to centuries ago and make alliances by marrying off the off-spring. And what had he said? `His kind'? She always thought he had a racist streak but never had seen any real prove till now. His kind. 
			Fuck him. Fuck the whole Storme business. If it meant becoming as big an asshole as he was then she didn't want any of it. All he cared about was the family name, that arrogant, selfish bastard. How dare he try and tell her who she could be seen with. And Adrian Lime? Tiffany had never met him, except for a few public functions that hadn't gone anywhere. She had been warned about him but not by her father. Another man had cautioned her about him. She had asked questions but found the answers more vague than anything else. That or a finger was placed on her lips, and soon the finger became a cock. A nice, big, black cock....
			Tiffany smiled as the idea came to her then. She knew how to get back at `Father Dearest'. She licked her lips as she looked down at her phone. She ran her finger down the numbers on the screen and found Holly's number. The call could wait until she was out of the cab. The idea was getting her so fucking wet....



			Davis Hotel. Day.

			The taxi had finally arrived. Vern could get out of this flea-trap of a hotel at last and then get out from the city. He'd be back though. Howard had still to pay for what he had done. But next time Verne would be better prepared. He'd approach it like another job and take the personal out of it. Verne hoisted the bag over his shoulder and made his way down the stairs. The fat man behind the desk never even looked up from the magazine he'd been reading when Verne dropped the key on the counter. 
			Verne said nothing and continued on out. He walked down the concrete steps then opened the door of the taxi and threw the bag in. Sliding in he closed the door after himself and sat back. "Airport." he said to the driver.
			The driver, who was black, didn't move. 
			"The airport, please?" Verne said again.
			The driver was simply looking at him in the rear mirror. Jesus Christ, Verne thought. What was with the guy?
			"The airport?" he said a little louder. "Sprechen zie fuckin' english!"
			"They have it covered." the driver told them.
			"Excuse me?"
			The driver looked round at him. "The police are looking for you, Mr Kobe." he said. "They have the airport covered."
			"My name is--"
			"Verne Kobe." the driver interrupted. "You left a bullet behind you. On it there was a fingerprint. They traced you through the Army's database."
			"Who the fuck are you?" Verne asked, his hand sliding up his thigh to be ready to counter any move that was coming. He quickly scanned the area around the front of the taxi and he couldn't hear anyone coming from the back. No-one was there but him and the driver.
			"Someone who can help. You have skills I could use and I can help you avoid the blow-back you caused by trying to killing one of the biggest assholes on the planet."
			Verne thought a moment. Where was the trap? "Do I have a choice?" he said finally.
			The driver just smiled at him in the mirror again. "Sure. I'll drop you off at the airport and you can take your chances. I'm just saying hear me out then make your decision. What's the harm?" 
			"How can I trust you?" Verne asked.
			"You're in the back seat. It wouldn't take much for a man of your training to kill me."
			Verne looked at him and said nothing for a moment. "Let's hear it." 
			The driver turned round in his seat and looked Verne in the eye. "I'm wondering why you did it first. And I'm wondering why you missed."
			"Personal shit." Verne replied and looked around. Still no-one was around. If it was being recorded though. "That prick Storme owns the company that killed several of my friends. They were good people. They had pride in their country and the uniform. The guns we used back in Iraq seemed to have a bit of trouble jamming in dry, dusty areas. Like deserts. But he still sold them as working fine. He got his contacts at the Pentagon and DoD to get the sales pushed through. Howard Storme got rich while good people died and he didn't give a fuck. The man's got no pride in anything but his bank balance. That's why I did it. As to missing?" Verne just shrugged. "Shit happens. I got sloppy."
			"I see." the driver nodded and sat back in his seat again.
			"Now. Your turn." Verne said flatly as he looked at the black face of the driver in the mirror.
			The driver nodded and smiled....
			
			
			 
			The Goldkey Bar. Backroom. Evening.

			The bar was a pit of a place, but it felt perfect for what Tiffany wanted. She and Holly had arrived an hour earlier and Holly had been making calls since then as Tiffany had made herself ready. She stripped off then pulled on the thin robe. A light application of make-up and she was there. Licking her lips she pursed them as Holly appeared in the doorway in the mirror. Tiffany saw her and smiled. Suddenly from behind Holly a large black man appeared carrying her video camera. He was wearing a small plastic mask and was shirtless. She felt herself getting wet already. 
			Holly walked up beside Tiffany and pulled her around so they were facing each other. Holly suddenly kissed Tiffany and Tiffany felt hr friend's hands sliding down and cup her ass cheeks. The blonde broke free and took Tiffany's hand. "I am so fucking wet right now." Tiffany said more for the camera than Holly. 
			Holly giggled and lead Tiffanny towards the camera and the black man started backing off. "And why are you so fucking wet, Tiffany?" she asked.
			Tiffany fixed her eyes on the black man. "Cos I'm gonna get gang-banged all night long!" she said to him and saw the grin on his face as Holly giggled again. Tiffany saw him filming all the way from the back room up the stairs and into the medium-sized room that would normally be used for functions like weddings or funeral. But tonight it was purely for the reason of Tiffany getting gang-banged. By an unknown number of black men, every one of them a complete stranger.
			One phrase went through her mind; fuck you, father...
			Tiffany walked into the room and saw the floor covered in plastic sheeting. In the centre of the room lay a mattress. Stopping, she saw there was already six men there. Back, and naked but for the various masks they wore. All anonymous, and all getting hard she saw as they were gently caressing their cocks. A couple of them were cupping their balls.  "This all?" she pouted to the camera.
			Just then, coming through the door, four more black men arrived. Tiffany turned back to the camera and undid the robe's belt. She slipped it from her shoulders and let it drop to the floor, letting her full nudity be taken in by the men and the camera. She saw the excitement on Holly's face as she turned to the men. "All yours, boys..." she smiled and fell onto her knees on the mattress. The men were chuckling and nodding as they surrounded her. Tiffany looked from left to right and saw nothing but cock. Big, black, hardening cock!
			"Put that mouth to work, bitch!" one man said and Tiffany felt a hand grabbed her hair and pulled her head to the right. She found a cock being shoved into her mouth. Her hands were being wrapped around a cock each. Strong black hands were clamped on her head and she felt the cock in her mouth being pushed forward. All the while her hands were busy pumping the cocks in them. All around her she saw the other cocks being stroked harder. the fat head rising up. All for her. 
			"Mmmmmm...." Tiffany moaned as her head was jerked back and the cock slipped out of her mouth. Another cock was pushed into her mouth as another black man took a turn.
			"That's it, baby." she heard him say as he slowly pushed his cock all the way to the back of her mouth. 
			"My turn!" someone else said and her left hand was pulled off the cock her finger were wrapped around and put around another hard shaft.
			
			
			
										*


			Finally seeing the clock between the moving black bodies, Tiffany saw that it had been half an hour since she'd arrived at the bar. half an hour of her mouth and hands servicing all these hard black cocks, using her hands to get them hard then feeling one of those cocks  being shoved into her mouth. her pussy was on fire at the rough treatment. One of the men had even bent her back and slid his cock all the way into her throat as it was at the right angle. She felt the warm splash of more cum splatter her tits then came the whoop and the feeling of hot breath and a wet tongue rolling up between her tits and around her hard nipples. All the time that cock was powering in and out, down into her throat. Two, powerful, black hands gripped the sides of her head as the man upped his pace and started slamming everu inch he could down her throat. Tiffany's grunting became gags and she felt the tongue travel all the way down between her splayed thighs. 
			The explosion of pleasure rocked through her whole body as that hot tongue teased it's way round and rounf her clit. "Mgghgggg..." she gasped when the thick cock pulled out but she felt one hand gripping her hair, keeping her head back. Tiffany found herself looking at the dark cock, slick with her saliva as the other hand grasped it and aimed. The man cried out as the head exploded and sprayed her face with hot, thick cum....
			The man released Tiffany and she sat up to see Holly in front of her. Naked. Her face full of lust. Holly suddenly grabbed Tiffany's head and kissed her, then started licking the cum from her face to the cheers of the men. Tiffany reached round and pulled Holly to her so they were mashing their bodies against each other.
			"Is there where..." someone said before whooping in delight.
			Tiffany felt Holly's tongue pushing into her mouth and she pushed her own tongue back. She suddenly whipped Holly down and shoved her onto her back on the mattress before kissing her hard. 
			"Check that ass!" a male voice cheered from behind her.
			Tiffany broke off the kiss and kept her eyes on Holly's. She reached between her legs and rubbed herself. She was fucking dripping. "That all you motherfuckers gonna do!" she grinned at Holly. Tiffany felt Holly sliding her hands onto her hips and slapped both sides of her ass. Fingers gripped each ass cheek and slowly pulled them apart.
			"Yeah, motherfuckers!" Holly called out.
			"Oh, man..." Tiffany heard as she closed her mouth onto Holly's and felt the blonde kiss back. 
			"You know the rules!" someone else said. "Ticket."
			"Fucking hell..."
			"Number fucking one!" another deep, black voice laughed.
			Tiffany moaned into Holly's mouth as she felt the large, hard head pushing at her exposed asshole. Taking it up the ass was so easy now. How many cocks had helped loosen her ass up? Hundreds, thousands, millions, she smiled. Yeah, Tiffany grinned, her lips still clamped firmly to Holly's. Millions and millions of big, black naked niggers slamming her ass nice and loose. The newest one in gave a couple of thrusts and she felt his length sinking into her bowels. She felt the pleasure throbbing through her body and put her head down next to Holly's as the thrusting began. Holly's hands just kept a grip on her ass cheeks, pulling them apart for the black stud.
			"Fuck the slut!" Holly told him as he began gasping and fucking.
			"Ooooh, God...." Tiffany moaned as the cock seemed to feel harder the deeper it got inside her. 
			"Yeah!" someone said.
			"Balls deep, man!" another urged.
			"Uuuh! Uhh! Uhhh!..." she heard on each hard thrust.
			"Fuck her!" Holly told them and Tiffany could swear that Holly was pushing her onto that big, black cock as it charged forward. "FUCK HER!"
			"Jesus....!" Tiffany gasped and felt Holly's hands being pulled off her to be replaced by two large hands slapping in their place. Another hand grabbed her hair.
			"Smile, baby!" the man grabbing her hair told her and yanked Tiffany's head back. She found herself looking right into the lens of the camera. Behind the black man filming it Tiffany saw the TV. The dark haired woman on the screen looked every bit the slut. Her hair messed up, the mascara and lipstick streaked and smeared, her face red....
			Tiffany smiled as the cock fucking her was slamming in hard and deep, his balls slapping against her.
			The slut on the screen smiled, jerking forward in time to the thrusts....
			"Ooh, God," Tiffany said to the camera. "Big, black motherfucker's inside me!" she told it as Holly slid out from under her. "He's fucking my slutty fucking cunt!"
			"We all gonna fuck your fucking cunt!" another man laughed.
			Tiffany saw the slut grin on the screen.
			A roar came from behind her and Tiffany felt the cock bury itself deep inside her cunt. The hot rush of thick cum flooded her pussy. She added to the triumphant roar with a deep satisfied moan as she filled with hot, black cum....
			"Ooooohhh..." she gasped as the orgasm rippled through her whole body.
			Suddenly a man was moving between her and the camera. A thick cock was pushed into her mouth. "Moan on this," he said, grabbing her hair with both hands and plunging his cock into her throat as the hands on her hips released her and the cock pulled out of her cunt. Two more hands slapped onto her ass then she felt her pussy being stretched as a new cock was being slid into her....
			Tiffany closed her eyes. She didn't need to the screen now. She could picture it in her own mind as both cocks began plunging into her at once. She heard the cheers and whoops around her as her hair was gripped in one hand and used to hold her head up as the cock battered it's way down her throat. At the same time the cock slamming into her cunt felt so fucking big as it probed deep into her. He was pushing in fast then slowing as his length got a good bit inside. But he never stopped. He kept going, making sure every bit of that hard, black shaft was being buried deep into her. They were practically holding her up as they started pounding into her again, together. The cock in her throat making her gag but pulling back in time. Cunt and throat was being filled by big, thick, black cocks that wouldn't stop until they filled her with hot spunk. Tiffany didn't know who they were, didn't care who they were. They were black, and she was just a cum dump for them tonight. Rich, white and black man's cum dump. Suddenly she felt the cock ram down her throat untill the balls were squeezed against her chin and hold it there.
			"FFFFFUUUUUCK!!!!" he yelled out and Tiffany choked as the cum flooded her throat and mouth. He was fucking drowning her with the stuff and not pulling back. 
			"....ggghhhh!" 
			He began grinding against her face, even making small  thrusts to get the whole damn thing down her. Tiffany managed to swallow some of the semen but most of it spilled out down her chin as he held her head onto his shaft. "FUCK YEAH!" he yelled again and yanked his cock from her face. Tiffany gasped for breath but her head was yanked up again and she coughed hard as she saw the camera again. "Who's your daddy, bitch?" he demanded.
			Tiffany saw the screen. She saw the slut. The slut was a mess. Her face red, the make-up running all over her face as thick streams of saliva and spunk dripped down her throat. A black hand slapped her cum-stained face. "Who's yer daddy?" he repeated.
			The black man in her cunt suddenly plunged his shaft in as deep as he could and Tiffany closed her eyes as she felt the spunk filling her womb. She could only moan in response.
			"This bitch got plenty of daddies." someone said and the room rocked with laughter.
			"Big black ones!" she heard another deep voice laugh as another cock slid into her sloppy, dripping cunt.....



										*


			Tiffany forgot about time. She forgot about how many there were in the room. All she cared about was the cock that filled her pussy or her ass or her mouth, or all three at once! All she wanted was the hot rush of cum inside her or the orgasms that hit again and again. She was a slut, pure and simple. A slut for big, black cock! She bit her lips, swallowing the pain as two black men pushed their fat cocks into her cunt together. Finally she had to scream out. Gasping, panting screams as those cocks stretched and forced her pussy lips wider than they had been stretched before.
			"Too much, bitch?" she heard the man under say, pushing in a little more.
			Opening her eyes she looked the black man in the eye. "Never... Too... Much...." she panted as the orgasm came out of nowhere and rocked her whole body. She looked up and found herself staring into the camera again. Behind the man holding the camera she saw Holly on all fours like she was, a cock in cunt and in her mouth. the two black studs were slamming in at the same time, pushing their cocks all the way into Holly. She looked into the camera lens again and licked her lips, tasting the previous loads of cum that had been shot in her mouth and over her face. She saw herself, the slut on the TV screen, her face and hair caked with cum. Tiffany heard the door open and the footsteps of more men coming into the room.
			"Never too much...." she gasped again...
			
			
			
--------------



			Commissioner Gregg's Office. Police Headquarters. Evening.

			"Night, Commissioner." 
			Jane Gregg looked up from the computer and saw Danielle Holmes smiling face at the door. She returned the smile and nodded. "Night, Danielle." she said then watched the secretary close the office door. Was it that time already? The clock read eight o'clock. Where did the day go...
			She saved the document, a dull report for the city auditors, and shut the computer off. The Mayor had wanted an audit. It was just another way to get at her. The higher you go, the worse the paperwork got. The more tedious and boring it became. "Ah, screw it." she said and stood up. Home time. The city can go screw itself for the night. Jane grabbed her bag and the long coat from the coat stand near the door.
			Home time, she thought. A glass of wine, a hot bath. Yeah, that would do it.


			
			Tiffany Storme's Apartment. Evening.

			Her pussy still felt raw from all the fucking that day. Just good, dirty, hardcore fucking, Tiffany thought as she stood at the window and looked at the city. She was naked. It felt so natural to be standing there just the way she'd been born. As natural as she'd felt in front of all those masked black men. Tiffany cradled the glass of wine in her hands and smiled. How many had there been, ten, twenty? There was double figures for sure. The plastic was slippy with cum when they'd finished with her.
			The computer bleeped and she looked at the screen. Holly had sent her a message. Tiffany licked her lips as she read it; `Video has been `leaked' :o!'
			Tiffany tapped in her reply; `OMG. Whatever will I do.... lol.'
			`Make a sequel.' Holly typed in response.
			Tiffany smiled as she typed. `Slut.' 
			Holly messaged a link. Tiffany clicked on it and the screen opened on one of the most high-profile gossip websites. She saw her face with the headline, `What Tiff Did Now!!!!!'.
			The message box popped up again. `Seems it's being offered to the porn studios....' Holly typed.
			Tiffany smiled as she typed back. `As long as I get 20%!'



			Car. Evening.
			
			Smiler had been waiting for what felt like hours. He had slid back in the seat and made himself as quiet as possible. The car exit from the garage was half a block ahead. Looking at it he saw the cars coming and going. But not one was the car he wanted. The gate opened and Smiler stared at the spot he had found that gave him the right moment to see the license plate. The car slowly crawled out then turned and sped up.
			A smiled stretched across his pale face as he started his car. Well, a car he had borrowed from the garage of Beach Mansion. He pulled out and sped up, keeping a discrete distance from the vehicle in front. "Hello, Commissioner..." he seemed to sing to himself. "Hello..."	

THE END