"I was like a kid in a candy store...so much 18-year-old flesh!"

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 4 (MF, 1st, interr, magic, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I woke up in the morning and checked my phone. If my pornographic adventures had all been part of a dream and I was now awake, it would now be Ella's birthday. However, the screen showed that it was the day after. So the dream continued after sleeping, sorta like in Inception!

Both Rayanne and Ella were giving me soft eyes during breakfast, but the strange musical theme didn't sound and no weird pornographic scenarios occurred.

I decided to go to school. The staff had been accommodating after my Dad's death, but that still meant that I had two weeks of schoolwork to catch up on. I was a pretty good student, though, so I knew that I'd quickly catch up on what I'd missed. I considered that since this was a dream, I probably didn't have to go to school, but I had practically lived in my room for two full weeks, so getting out of the house would be good for me, even if it wasn't in the real world.

---

I was just heading toward the change room for gym class when I heard my name and turned to see Mr. McAuliffe heading toward me. The white-haired vice principal ushered me to the side of the hall to talk.

"Good to see you back at school, Wade. How are you doing?"

'How do you think I'm doing, you idiot? My Dad's dead!' is what I didn't say. "I'm...okay, I guess? Still kinda numb."

He nodded sympathetically as girls passed us by to get into their change room. "You never know, right?" he asked me. "One day everything's fine, and the next..." He snapped his fingers.

I didn't know how to respond to that, so I just said, "Yeah..." and snapped my fingers as well.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

The weird tune again! I certainly didn't want a sexy scenario to occur in front of my vice principal, so I started, "Well, Mr. McAuliffe, I gotta get to class or I'll be late..."

Then I realized that the constant drone of the school was gone; it had cut off instantly after the weird disco-like melody. I looked around at students frozen mid-stride. Down the hall I saw that one student was reaching in vain for a book that had slipped from his grasp. It just sat there, suspended in mid-air. I turned back to the vice principal, but he was frozen as well.

This was weird! I was tempted to snap my fingers again to end this, but then had a second thought as I beheld the door to the girls' change room, which had remained open as the last girl stepped through.

A word came to mind from my two weeks of non-stop porn watching: Timestop! I had watched a few of those, impressed at how the actresses had been able to hold uncomfortable positions while the actors had sex with their unmoving forms.

First, though, I went down the hall to the falling book. Most timestop videos were consistent with their rules, but the occasional one caused whoever you touched to snap out of it. I touched the book with my finger, but it didn't fall. I put a little pressure on it and it moved easily, but still didn't fall. So far so good. I then put my hand on the shoulder of the owner of the book. Nothing! I grabbed his t-shirt, pulled the fabric, and let go. It remained as-is, pulled away from his chest, instead of letting gravity take it.

Oh yes, I could work with this. I headed into the girls' change room, giving the tall brunette who was still in the entryway a smack on her slim ass as I went by. I didn't know her, so I continued on in. There, in all their glory, were the rest of the female students of my gym class, in various states of undress. As expected from a dream, the timing of my finger snap had been perfect, as most of the girls were down to their underwear, some even bending over as they were either removing their pants or skirts, or about to pull up their shorts.

I was like a kid in a candy store...so much 18-year-old flesh! Who first? I decided to go with the one with the least amount of clothes on, which was Shelly, a cute, shoulder-length brown-haired girl with cat's eye glasses. She was bent over, had accidentally pulled her panties down with her jeggings, and was reaching down to pull them back up, but frozen in that state, her delightful little pussy was vulnerable, not to mention at the perfect height and position. Shelly's rounded hips were wide for her frame, so no wonder her underwear had slipped down along with her tight jeggings once they snapped past those enticing curves. I pulled out my hard cock and lined myself up, rubbing the head around her puffy little pussy lips before pushing between them.

Unfortunately, I didn't get very far, and the skin of my cock pulled back uncomfortably as I thrust. Shelly wasn't turned on, of course, so there was no lubrication. "Ugh..." I pulled back and surveyed the situation. Looking around at her face, I saw that her mouth had opened up in a round 'O' at the realization that she had accidentally underpantsed herself. I moved around and found that her mouth was at just the right angle, so I thrust into that. "Mmm..." I moaned as my cock went into her warm mouth, and I felt a bit of her saliva collect on my dick. I thrust between her lips a few more times before pulling out to return to her pussy.

This time about half of my cock went inside, but again there was that stretching feeling. "Damnit..." I pulled back, considered again, and then bent down to lick at her pussy, as I had done with Ella, though from behind, so it was a bit awkward. Shelly's vagina tasted similar to my stepsister's...maybe a bit more sour, but it was nice. I made sure to stick my tongue as deep as possible so that my saliva would do what was needed, and finally I stepped back, placed the head of my cock back between her pussy lips, and thrust. It went all the way in that time, and felt fantastic!

Then I noticed that Shelly's body was starting to move forward, so I grabbed her hips to keep her in place. While gravity was in stasis for everything but me, as with the book earlier, any force I exerted would affect whatever I touched, so I had to be careful.

My hands caressed the girl's rounded hips as I held her there, and then I started thrusting. Unlike with the other sexual encounters I'd had in the last day or so, it felt strange that she wasn't responding. I pushed that thought away, though, as Shelly had never shown any interest in me before, so I'd probably never have a chance like this again without the timestop. I increased my thrusts, and then moved one arm around her midsection to hold her in place while the other pulled up her shirt and bra. Then I moved both hands up to cup her palm-sized breasts, using that grip to hold her in place. I found the girl's nipples and tweaked them, but again there was that jarring lack of response. Finally, I moved my hands back down to her womanly hips and thrust into her hard and fast. I was enjoying taking this girl without her knowledge, and could feel my orgasm rising.

Then I slowed my thrusts. If I came inside Shelly now, after time resumed, she'd have a load of baby juice dripping down her legs and would probably scream. I would have to pull out. Disappointed, I thrust into her again, feeling my orgasm rise once more, and just as I was about to cum, I pulled out and blasted her vulva with my load. Breathing heavily, I sat on the bench next to her to examine the mess. "Shit!" I exclaimed. In normal time, a woman's vaginal lips would have closed up as I pulled out, but because time was suspended, her pussy gaped open lewdly, and my attempt to not inseminate her had partially failed, as I could see that several spurts had gone right up inside her. Fuck, why did I even bother pulling out, then? I went and grabbed some toilet paper to sop up as much as I could from her splayed pussy and then tossed the sodden mess into the toilet. However, when I pressed the toilet's plunger, nothing happened.

Oh, of course...without time, the water wouldn't fall from the tank into the bowl, which would then wash the whole thing away. Since the lever was already pressed, though, I realized that it would flush instantly once time resumed.

I pulled Shelly's bra and shirt back into place and then perused the rest of the girls. Turning the corner of a row of lockers, I found...oh, what was her name? Parvati? She was a pretty East Indian girl sitting on a bench, about to pull her gym shorts on, which meant that her legs were spread and up in the air, her shorts dangling from one dainty ankle as she reached forward.

Perfect. I could feel my cock hardening again as I looked at her cute periwinkle colored panties. I moved her arms and legs wide so that I could settle between them, pushed the gusset of her panties aside (where they stayed due to timestop physics), and shoved my tongue up her surprisingly hairy little puss. After getting it all lubricated, I pushed my reinvigorated cock inside the slim senior student.

Parvati was really tight, and I had some trouble getting it inside her. I pushed hard, and something seemed to give as my whole shaft rushed in. Probably if time was running that would have hurt her, but in timestop world, the only person feeling anything was me, and I was feeling good. I pushed up her t-shirt and surprisingly large bra, and gasped at the sizable breasts the slim girl had on her, with large, purplish areolas and pencil eraser-sized nipples. I took one into my mouth as I thrust into her.

I moved my mouth to her other nipple, really enjoying her tightness as I continued to thrust. I tried kissing her, but that was just too weird due to her lack of response as she stared into space. Finally, I grabbed her slim hips and thrust into her hard and fast, heading swiftly toward my second release of the day.

At the last moment, I pulled out and shot my load onto her slim tummy. I noted the contrast of the white semen against her brown skin and felt that this moment was missing something. I dipped the head of my dwindling cock into that pool of semen, moved lower, and thrust back inside her one last time. There! A few drops of my cum would stay deep inside the oblivious girl, though not so much that it would later drip out and cause problems. Yes, that was satisfying...like writing 'Wade was here!' on the walls of her vagina; nobody would know. I pulled back out, confirming that the cum was no longer on my cock.

Then I frowned and considered what I had just done. If the pretty dark-skinned young woman was ovulating right now, I could have just made it so that she'd get pregnant after time resumed. My stepmother Rayanne had urged me to cum inside her twice the previous night in order to knock her up. Cumming inside a woman felt incredible...since I was being forced to pull out in this scenario so as to not make a mess that could get me in trouble once time resumed, I figured that pushing a little of my sperm inside Parvati was me petulantly compensating for that.

I pulled the girl's bra and shirt back down, repositioned her as best I could so that she wouldn't notice anything had happened when time resumed, and then walked about the change room again. Despite the smorgasbord of teenage flesh, my cock wasn't recovering after those two back-to-back orgasms. So many girls, so little...

...time. Hm...I would need time to recharge, but while time was suspended, I had all the time in the world! That was presuming that I had to snap my fingers to start it back up. I left the girls' change room and headed to the teacher's lounge. Along the way I had to pee, so I went into the boys' washroom to take care of that, but then it turned into #2. I marvelled that I could pee and shit in this dream, and hoped that I wasn't actually making a mess in my own bed while I slept. With all the sex I was having, there was no way that I was going to try to wake myself up; I was going to stay asleep in this porno dream for as long as I could!

When I was done, I pressed the plunger on the toilet and then facepalmed myself; right, no flushing during timestop.

I went and took a nap on the teachers' lounge couch. I wasn't done with this scenario.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)