Pay Attention Now

Natalie and I have always fought like cats and dogs. That's what Mom says anyway. All I know is that we have never been able to get along. It's like she always finds something to argue about. It got even worse after she turned twelve, about six months before. Most of the time, I either avoided her all together, or I ignored her. That didn't always work though.

The family room is in the basement. I often go down there and play video games. So as not to disturb Her Majesty, I bought some muff type ear phones so she couldn't hear the sounds of the games. That was ok until that night. She came down, picked up the remote, then changed the channel. Then she flopped down on the couch.

"What the hell did you do that for?" I asked her, as I took the head phones off. "I was finally winning that game."

"So?"

I reached for the remote, but she pulled it away. When I tried for it again, she sat on it, shoving it between her legs.

"And you think that will stop me?"

"I don't think Mom would think you were doing the right thing."

"She's at work. I'll tell her that you lied."

"You don't have the balls to go after it now." She pulled her feet up, then pulled what she could of her nightgown over the tops of her knees.

I have to admit that it takes a lot to get me into action. There are two things that will get me going though. One: You do not insult, hurt, or otherwise harm my family. Two: You do NOT insult my manhood. I may have been just thirteen, but I did, and still do, have my pride. (I also don't generally turn down a dare, and that sounded like a dare to me.) 

I put the headphones on the coffee table, then stood up. I could see that she pulled her knees up tighter to her chest and tightened her arms around them.

"What...? What are you doing, Bret?" I didn't say anything as I turned toward her end of the couch. I took two steps, then turned again. I was now standing right in front her. "Bret...?"

Without a word, I dropped to my knees, then shoved my hand under her ass. That's about all I touched too. She had on a very small thong that had no seat. I didn't feel the remote, so I fished around for it. She tried to get up, but I grabbed the front of her nightgown and forced her to sit. 

"Bret...that's enough. You can have the damn thing."

I guess I had a point to make. I kept moving my hand around under her. She tried to get away again, and I pulled harder on her nightgown. It ripped enough that her little titties were completely bare. 

"What are you doing, Bret? You ripped my nightgown."

I guess, maybe, that's when I really lost it. I let go of her nightgown, slid my hand down, then grabbed the waistband of her thong. At the same time, I turned my other hand over and grabbed it back there. I pulled on both until it was at her knees. Then I ripped it off of her.

"You're in some big trouble now," she said, as she tried to cover herself.

With one hand, I was able to grab both of her hands and push them into her chest. With the other, and my head, I managed to open her legs enough that I could get my mouth on her pussy. She squealed, then tried to back her ass up. That didn't work. I let go of her hands, then pulled on her legs to get her ass right on the edge of the seat. I went back to what I was doing.

I knew enough to go for her clit. When my tongue hit it, she squealed. Her hands were on my head, but she wasn't pushing like I thought she would. I took my hands and pushed her legs into her chest, then apart as far as I could. It didn't take as long as I thought it would, but she finally climaxed with a scream.

"What...? I...didn't... When...?"

I had a feeling that I would have to act fast for what I did next. I got my hands around the outside of her legs and grabbed her wrists. I pulled them down so they were on the seat, then went back at her pussy. You have to remember that I was preoccupied, and didn't count how many climaxes she had. 

I do know that she was all over the place. At times, she was pulling on my head. Other times, it was like she was trying to push me away. Still others, she was trying to climb over my body, or push my head into her pussy.

She was screaming my name, as well as making statements like, "YES! YES!" "Lick that pussy, baby." "I want to cum on your face.", as well as others. She did a lot of moaning and groaning too.

When she got as limp as a wet wash rag (another one of Mom's sayings), I finally stopped, straightened up, then looked down at her. I reached down and slid my sleep pants down, exposing my very hard dick. I grabbed it and lay it on her mound, then leaned into her.

"Pay attention now, and tell me what I don't have the balls to do." I didn't raise my voice, or say it in a mean way. What I did do was slide my dick down and pushed forward. That woke her up. She didn't say a word, but just looked at me, with her eyes and mouth wide open. 

I was told, by the older boys, that a woman could not cum with just your dick, so I found her clit with my thumb. She jerked forward, which pushed me in farther. I held it there for a minute, then started. I wasn't gentle either. I pulled out slowly, but slammed my dick back into her. Her head went back and she gasped. I also saw the telltale signs of a smile.

I didn't let up. I was like a jackhammer, pounding down into my sister. Her eyes would open once in a while, and so would her mouth, but she never said a thing. I had forgotten about messing with her clit by then, but that didn't seem to matter. It wasn't long before she climaxed. I was still at it a few minutes later when I shot into her. Rope after rope of pure cum filled her newly unvirgined pussy.

"You should have... I could be..."

"And that means what?" I said, as I shoved into her as far as I could go. 

She groaned. She groaned some more when I started again. Her hands came up and I pinned them to the seat. I started slamming into her again, then she started going wild under me. I thought I was being the aggressive one. Compared to her, I was the calm one. She was going nuts. She had three more climaxes before I had my second one.

I didn't have a choice after that. She was the one that started the third round. I just went along for the ride. And a ride it was. She had us bouncing all over that couch. She had three more climaxes before I finally dumped my third load into her. I sort of lay on top of her as we settled down.

"Would it help if I say I'm sorry for insulting your manhood?" she asked. I looked up at her, then we started laughing. That's when we heard the clapping. Mom was sitting on the stairs.

"That is the first time I have ever heard you apologize for anything, Natalie. Maybe your brother has to fuck you more often."

We didn't move as Mom came the rest of the way down the stairs and sat next to us. I did straighten up though, and my dick slid out of her.

"Damn," Mom said. "You're almost as big now as your father was." She looked at my sister. "Is he any good with it?" Natalie just smiled really big. "Is this why you've been a real bitch to him all this time?"

"No. I don't know why I've acted that way toward him," Natalie said. She put her hand on my stomach. "I know he's changed that tonight. The problem is that I may be pregnant now. I started my periods last month."

"I...don't think so," Mom said. She looked at me. "You can...teach her how to respect you...anytime you want to." She looked back at Natalie. "Those vitamins I've been giving you are not vitamins. At least not all of them. One of them is a little pill that will let you do anything you want to with your brother. I had a feeling this might happen, so I had your doctor write a prescription for you. She wasn't happy because of your age, but she did anyway. I told her that I was afraid of you getting raped."

"So, we can act like we're married?"

"If you want to. I suppose that means you'll be down to one bed then, right?"

"If we can," Natalie said. "I want to see if he can do the same thing every night."

"And if I can't? You'll probably go back..."

"No I won't. I guess the biggest reason for my attitude is that I have been in love with you and I didn't see any way to tell you, or how to deal with it."

"Ok. That settles that," Mom said. "Right now, I think you two need a shower. Figure out what you're going to do after that."

--------------------

I guess the 'bitch thing' runs in the family. Natalie did get pregnant just before she graduated high school. We had a boy, Bret Jr., and a year later, a girl, Tammy. Two years later, she gave me another daughter, Sarah. Both girls were little bitches to their brother.

One night, we heard a noise coming from down the hallway. We got up to investigate. It was coming from the girls' room. Natalie slowly opened the door and we saw Bret, on his back, with his face buried in Sarah's pussy. Tammy was sitting at the head of the bed with her legs open and her sister's face buried in her pussy. I turned to Natalie.

"Are they taking their vitamins yet?"

"For three months. Quiet now and pay attention."