Reesham was 6 months pregnant. Her husband was an over the road truck
driver and was usually gone 6 daysa week. Reesham's hormones were in
overdrive. She was so horny, and she really needed to get laid.
So,theday she watched her son Sunny as he climbed out of the bath
room didn't help her much. It was an accident. She was just going to
take a pee in the toilet. Both bath and toilet were in same room of
their small flat. As she entered the bathroom, her son Sunny had just
climbed out of the shower. She tried not to look, but her eyes caught
a glimpse of his large semi erect lund as he was drying his hair.Her
swollen pregnant chooth tingled as she watched her son's large lund
bounce as he dried his hair with a towel. Reesham couldn't take her
eyes off of his magnificent lund.

Sunny noticed his mother looking at his young naked body. It made him
uncomfortable at first, but the look of wild lust in his pregnant
mother's eyes, soon turned him on. His lund began to grow as he
looked at his horny pregnant mother. She gasped as she watched his
large lund become even larger. "My God, he is huge!" she thought to
herself. Her pregnant chooth was now dripping as she stared at his
erect 9 inch lund.Reesham knew she should leave the bathroom and
forget all about the lustful thoughts in her head,but herhorny chooth
now controlled her mind. Sunny walked towards his mother, he was
stroking his large lund. "Do you like what you see, mommie?" he asked
her. "Oh, yes Sunny you are quite a man now, aren't you?" she stated.
Sunny grabbed his mother's hand and placed it on his throbbing lund.
Reesham could feel herchooth quiver as she gripped his huge
erection. Sunny slid his hand inside of his mother's loose fitting
night gown and began to stroke her swollen tits. Reesham moaned. She
was furiously stroking her son's hard lund with her soft hand. Sunny
moaned, and Reesham slowly knelt to the floor.She took the head of
her son's lund into her warm, wet mouth. "Oh, Mom, that feels
incredible" he said. He held her by her pretty blonde hair as she
sucked him."Oh God, mom, you suck so good" he moaned. "Sunny, let's
go to the bedroom, it would be much more comfortable for me" she told
her son."Sure mom, whatever you want" he said. She led him by his
large hard-on towards her bedroom.

Sunny beganunbuttoning his mother's night gown top.Her breasts were
40 in size and swollen. He unbuttoned her bra, and tossed it to the
floor. "God, you have excellent choonjees" he told her. Sunny cupped
each of the huge swollen white globes into his hands. He stared at
the large puffy dark colored nipples. Sunny began to suck on his
mother's swollen nipples. He tasted her sweet mother's milk as it
leaked from her erect brown nips. Reesham moaned and held her son as
he suckled her breasts. His hand slid down over her huge pregnant
belly. His young lund throbbed with excitement as his hand slid
beneath her tummy. He slid his hand lower, until he felt her hairy
mound. His finger quickly found his mother's swollen clit. She was so
wet, that he easily slipped a finger inside of her. "Oh, God, you are
making me feel so good, bettaa" she told her son.Sunny's lund was
pulsating wildly as his finger-fucked her pregnant chooth. "Mmm, yes
baaaby!!!" she grunted. She began to jerk her son's large lund with
both of her hands, as he fingered her. He watched as her pregnant
belly jiggled as she thrust against his hand. He pulled her home made
panties off. He began kissing below her large breasts, and she felt
his tongue as it slowly licked across her swollen belly. "Oh, God"
she moaned.

He licked her pregnant belly softly kissing every inch as he worked
his way between her spread legs.Reesham almost fainted when her son's
tongue touched her wet clit. "Oh, yes baby" she moaned. Sunny thrust
his tongue deep inside of her hot, wet chooth. Reesham held her son's
head firmly, grinding her chooth against his face. "Mmmm, yes oh yes"
she yelled. Reesham's orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks.Shethrashed
wildly as her sweet chooth juices gushed into her son's mouth. "Oh,
eat me baby, you're making mommie cum" she yelled. Sunny hungrily
lapped up his mom's sweet chooth juices, fingering her deeply ashe
licked her swollen clit.Reesham pushed her son away from her aching
chooth. "You have to put your big lund in me, fuck me baby" she
grunted. She got on her hands and knees, and raised her ass high in
the air. "Put it in me, .chodo chodo" she screamed.Sunny pressed
his large lund head against his mom's swollen pregnant chooth lips.
Reesham quivered as she felt him slowly slide inside of her. "Oh, yes
deeper, give mommie all of it" she yelled. Sunny thrust and deeply
penetrated his mom's gharam chooth. She screamed and climaxed ashis
large lund embedded all the way inside of her."God, it feels so
tight, mom" Sunny moaned as he fucked his mom's hot chooth.

He began slamming his lund with great force inside of her hot tight
chooth. Suddenly the bedroom door opened and there stood his sister
Afsheen. "What the fuck?" Afsheen asked in a startled voice. "Mom,
Sunny, what are you doing?" she continued. As Afsheen watched her
brother's long thick lund slide in and out of her mother's chooth,she
felt her own young chooth become quite wet."Come here, Afsheen, come
to Mommie" Reesham moaned. Afsheen was still wearing her school
uniform. Afsheen climbed onto the bed. Reesham raised the blue skirt
above her daughter's hips and began rubbing her chooth through her
cotton chaddy. "Oh, are you that wet from watching your brother fuck
your mom's hot pregnant chooth?" she asked."Uh, yes" Afsheen softly
moaned. Reesham slid her daughter's white cotton chaddy to her
knees.Afsheen moaned as her mother pressed her face between her
thighs and began to kiss her wet chooth. "Oh, mom, that feels good!!"
she grunted. Sunny was furiously pounding away at his mom's hot
chooth from behind. He watched as his mom spread his sister's hot
young chooth lips apart with her fingers. His sister had a beautiful
chooth. He had always wondered what it looked like. Reesham slid her
tongue between her daughter's wet pink chooth lips and began to lick
her lovingly. Afsheen moaned and held her mom's long dark hair.

"God, lick me Mom" she moaned. Sunny's excitement was intensified as
he watched his mom eat his sister's chooth. As his sister moaned and
wiggled her little hips, he lost it. "God, I'm gonna cum"he
yelled."Yes, shoot it for me bettle" she moaned. Sunny's cum erupted
inside of her like a cannon. She could feel his hot lava like cum as
it splashed against her tight chooth. "Oh, yes baby" she yelled as
she came. Sunny continued squirting his hot cum deep into his mom's
tight chooth. She hungrily sucked her daughter's young, swollen clit
as she came. "God yes, mom I'm cumming" Afsheen moaned. Reesham
tasted her daughter's sweet chooth cum as it gushed into her mouth.
All 3 were climaxing together.Sunny withdrew his still rock hard lund
from his mom's pregnant chooth. He wanted to fuck his sister really
bad. Reesham could see the look in his young eyes as he stared at his
sister's hot chooth. "Why don't you show your sister how good your
big lund feels" she said. Sunny wasted no time. He mounted hissister
and slammed his lund deeply inside of her tight chooth with one
thrust. "Mmm, yes" Afsheen screamed as she felt her brother's large
lund buried all the way inside of her. "I want to taste you mom"
Afsheen said. Reesham straddled her daughter's pretty face and
lowered her wet chooth against her open mouth. Afsheen began licking
her brother's hot cum from her mom's chooth. "Mmm, you taste pretty
good bede bai" she seductively stated. Afsheen licked her mom's
swollen clit as she rubbed a finger up and down her very wetslit. Her
mom's chooth quivered as she hungrily nibbled at the clit. Sunny was
fucking the hell out of his sister. His large lund was embedded in
the tightest chooth he had ever felt.He moved his large lund in and
out of his sister's hot chooth,while he watched her eat his mom's
chooth. Sunny leaned forward and took one of his mom's large choonji
into his mouth. She ground her chooth against her daughter's
face. "Yes, suck my clit bettee.." she moaned. Afsheen's chooth
gripped her brother's large lund tightly. "Fuck, I'm cumming" Afsheen
moaned. Sunny felt her chooth tighten around his large lund. It
firmly squeezed him as if begging him to shoot his load. "Shit, sis,
you are so tight, I'm gonna cummm, he grunted.

His cum exploded into his sister's young chooth."Oh, yes" she moaned.
Sunny's cum began squirting inside of her hot chooth. She climaxed,
and began to eat her mom faster. Reesham grunted and climaxed. Her
chooth juices were flowing across her daughter's pretty young face.
Afsheen noisily slurped up her mom's hot chooth juices. All 3 once
again came together.Sunny continued pumping his sister until the last
of his cum erupted into her sweet chooth. Reesham continued riding
her daughter's face, and exploded with another intense climax.
Afsheen's young face was glistening with her mother's chooth juices.
Sunny withdrew his lund from his sister, and rolled away from
her.Reesham slowly climbed from her daughter's face, and lay beside
her. Afsheen took her mother's large nipple into her mouth and
eagerly sucked on it. She tasted the sweet milk as the small stream
squirted into her mouth. "Oh, mom" Afsheen moaned. Sunny sucked the
other nipple and was also rewarded with a stream of mother's milk.
Reesham moaned as her son and daughter sucked her breasts. Her chooth
tingled asshe felt them suckle from her large breasts. She slid her
hand between her legs and stroked her swollen clit. "Yes, suck them
good for me" she told them. Her fingers quickly worked her chooth to
another incredible orgasm.Sunny and Afsheen both sucked her large
pregnant breasts for quite a long time.

Then they both ate her together to one more incredible orgasm. On the
nights that their father is gone, all 3 sleep in the samebed. Well,
they don't sleep much, but...they 