The Green Door Part Five

   By JimBob 
Copyright 2011

Holly meets Harry and finds out that in a man, looks are not that
important, it is performance that counts.  Harry's performance impresses
Holly as much as her looks and body impress him.  Daddy gets a peek
tonight.

Before you start the story, please accept my humble and heartfelt thanks
to all who took the time to comment on these stories.  A special thanks to
you anonymous commenters.

Mg, inc, fond, oral, ped, cons



   On Thursday, Holly woke up with no memory of going to bed.  She was
pretty sure she hadn't brushed her teeth from the way her mouth tasted, and
she needed a shower, so she hurried to take one and still be able to help
her sisters get some breakfast before school.  She gave the other girls
lunch money to save time there.  As she walked her sisters to school, she
told them the chores that they needed to do before she got home from her
job.

   "I wish I had a job," Patty said.  "I don't like house work."

   "Me either," said Mindy.

   "You guys are too young to get a job." As she said that, Holly realized
she had seen girls as young as Patty with the men at the show, and she
wondered about that.

   "I don't care.  We're tired of housework.  We never have any time to
play anymore."

   "Yeah!"

   "Tell me about it," said Holly.  "I've been doing it for a few years
now. You guys haven't even done it for a whole week!"

   That shut the two girls up.  They got to school just as the bell rang.

   That afternoon after school, Holly headed out for the theater munching
on a doughnut.  She needed more energy if she was going to have all those
orgasms in a day.  She wondered what today would bring her.  When she got
there she was sent to the waiting room to sit until her client showed up.
She only had to wait a few minutes when Jamal came in.

   "Hi Holly, You waiting for your man?"

   "Yes.  What are you doing today?"

   "Oh, I got a rich lady coming in."

   "Women come to this place too?"

   "Sure.  Don't you think women like fucking too?"

   "Yeah, but I thought they could get guys all they want..."

   "Not fine looking young studs like me!" Jamal put his thumbs in the vest
he was wearing and strutted around in a circle while Holly laughed.

   "I'll bet."

   "Hey!" Jamal said.  "This lady likes little girls too.  I'll put in a
good word for you.  That ole' gal got a clit like you might be able to get
it down your throat." He held his fingers apart about four inches.

   Just then the phone rang out by the door and Jamal was called by his
father.  Holly sat and thought about doing sex stuff with a woman.  The
thought scared her a little.  What would that be like?

   Then the phone rang again, and William called her out and gave her a
room number.  Holly checked her outfit, and made her way up to the room. 
At her knock, the door opened, and Holly was face to face with one of the
ugliest men she had ever seen.

   "Hello!  You must be Holly, come in!  I'm Harry." He had a kind voice,
and he stuck a hand out to shake.  It was the hairiest hand Holly had ever
seen.  He had thick black hair on his head, and on the back of his hand and
down the backs of his fingers.

   'Hi...  Hairy." Holly looked him over.  He was not a big man, but not a
skinny man either He just seemed to have black hair sticking out all over.
He had his shirt unbuttoned, and Holly could see black hair sticking out
over the neck of his T shirt.  Holly was kind of surprised at the name
Hairy.  In fact, Holly thought it was spelled Hairy.  He must have noticed
her expression, because he laughed.

   "Yes, Harry is my real name.  Now do you think it would do any good for
me to use a fake name?  All you have to do is say he was the ugliest man in
the world with lots of dark hair, and they would know it was me right
away."

   Holly blushed and stammered , because that was exactly what she had been
thinking.

   Harry put an arm around her back and led her to the couch, where he sat
her down.  "How about a little drink while we get acquainted?"

   "Yes, please.  Could I have Pepsi?"

   "Coming right up.  How old are you, Holly?"

   "I'm ten."

   "Ten, huh?  Ah, a most delicious age!"

   Holly didn't know how to reply to that, so she left it alone.

   "Here you are, Holly." Harry handed her a glass with ice and pop.

   "Thank you." Holly regarded him over the rim of her glass as he took a
sip too.  He had a long, slightly humped nose, and an extremely large mouth
with thick lips.  He had a long tongue too, she saw as he licked at a drop
of soda that was running down his chin.  Wow!  What was this going to be
like, she wondered.

   He asked her lots of questions about her family, school, and what she
thought of her job so far.  Holly answered his questions truthfully,
because she was a truthful girl, and no one had told her not to answer
questions.

   They finished their drinks together, and when he came back from taking
the glasses away, he sat right next to Holly.  He took her in his arms,
turned her so she was lying on in his arms facing him, and leaned down and
kissed her lightly as he ran his free hand over her small breast nubs in
her thin dress.  Holly moaned, because she knew he would be expecting it.

   Her breasts were swollen, and they itched when they rubbed her dress,
especially when there were rough seams that rubbed over them.  His touch
was gentle and soothing, but the little nubs were not much of a source of
sexual arousal to Holly as yet.  The rubbing felt good though.

   Harry wanted to feel more of her bare skin, so he kissed her again, with
a more insistent tongue on her lips.  Holly tried to open her lips just a
little as she usually did, but his tongue just slipped past hers, and the
long thing probed her whole mouth before she could even draw her tongue
back.

   Holly opened her mouth wider to catch her breath, and felt his huge lips
close over her whole mouth.  She stuck her tongue our to try to engage his,
but it was sucked into his mouth and sucked on like a nipple.  Holly had
never had her mouth worked over like this.  She felt a little dizzy and
disoriented.  When he finally broke the kiss, Holly was surprised to feel
his hand on her leg, almost up to her panties.  She had never felt him
shift his attention to her legs.

   In only another moment, his hand was rubbing her pussy lips through her
panties.  This was more like it, Holly thought.  The thrust her hips up at
his hand.  It promptly went up to the waistband and started pulling them
down.

   When Harry had the front down as far as they would go, he flipped the
little girl over onto her hands and knees, and got his hand on the back
waist band, and stripped them down to her knees.  He threw her skirt up
over her back, and bent over her, and she felt his tongue slide up her
crack in back, and lick into her little rosebud back there.



   Oh gosh, Holly thought, I hope I'm clean!  But if she wasn't, it didn't
seem to bother Harry.  He deposited quite a wad of saliva in there with his
lips and tongue, and then Holly felt a slippery finger make its way up into
her poo hole.  The first thing that had been up there since Holly had sent
an exploratory finger into it when she was six, then decided it was too
nasty.

   The finger went way up into Holly and felt around as far as it could
reach, then pulled almost all the way out, then in again.  It started a
steady finger fucking motion, but it was in the wrong hole.  Holly wondered
if she should tell him.  But it felt kind of good, didn't hurt, so she
decided to play it cool for a while.

   The next thing she knew, he had wrapped his other arm around in front of
her thigh, and had rubbed it down her belly and over her mound and had
found her clit with a wet slippery finger.  He immediately began to rub her
clit in rhythm with the finger in her poo hole.  Holy cow, did that feel
good!  Holly moaned, and there was nothing fake about this one.  It was the
moan of a little girl on her way to an orgasm.  Holly put her face into a
throw pillow, and stuck her back end up in the air.

   Harry smiled at the little girls back side, and stepped up the motion in
both hands.  The hand at her anus became a blur of motion, and the girl's
body was vibrating in tune to the clitoral massage.  Little mewling cries
escaped her lips, muffled by the pillow.  Holly didn't even know she was
vocalizing her excitement at her approaching climax.  A shrill series of
cries signaled her crisis was upon her, Harry stepped up his efforts for a
few seconds and then pulled his hands away as she collapsed forward and
sprawled on the couch.  Harry went into the bath to wash his hands.

   When Holly became aware of where she was again, her panties had been
stripped off, along with her shoes and socks, and her dress was open down
the back.  As she rolled over on her back and sat up, she looked wide eyed
at a naked Harry.  As Holly had never met a man named Harry, she thought he
was referring to himself by what she saw.  A quite hairy body, with his
penis shaft and head standing out as the only part not covered with his
black rug.  She almost flinched away as his pale palms flashed as he
reached to help her stand.  When she did, he helped her peel the dress off.

   Hand in hand they headed for the bedroom.  Holly hung back a little, she
wanted to see his back.  Yes, he had quite a lot of hair back there too,
mostly on the shoulders and upper back.  His ass cheeks were almost bare
and shone stark white.  Holly noticed his semi erect penis had quite a
upward curve in it, about one third of the way down the shaft.  It also was
the first circumcised cock she had seen, though she was not aware of that
just yet.  She had no idea anyone would cut a piece of that precious tool
off on purpose.

   When they got to the bed, he sat Holly on the edge, then pushed her so
she was lying on her back with legs dangling over the side.  Then he got
over her and gave her one of those sloppy French kisses again.  Those big
wet lips descended on her again, and this time, she just opened her mouth
and stuck her tongue out a little.  That long tongue explored the depths of
her mouth and then came back to play with her tongue briefly.  Then it
moved down to her breasts.  Holly's breasts had put on a growth spurt with
all the recent sexual activity, and they were swollen and sore.  She was
afraid he was going to suck them in and really hurt her, but he was very
gentle with them.

   Harry didn't spend much time on her little breasts.  He liked little
girls, and it was what was between their legs that excited him the most. 
He liked to see the stage that holly's breasts were in now, but he could
take them or leave them.  His face slipped down between her legs, and he
opened them and pushed them up by her head as his big lips closed over her
lower lips and mound.

   "Oh!" Was all Holly could say as his wet mouth closed over her private
place, and his tongue started to work its way down into her slit.  First it
did more to her clit in half a minute than anyone else had ever done, then
it went exploring down, into her vagina.  Deep inside it went, pliant tip
exploring as it went.  A gasp from Holly as it caressed her "G" spot.  She
closed her eyes to see all the stars and streaks of color behind her lids
as the small climax rocked her.

   Without warning, the tongue, and face were removed and just as suddenly,
replaced by the man's penis.  It slid through her slit twice, picking up a
load of lube, and then was slipped smoothly into her gaping vaginal
opening. It slid smoothly into her, despite the pronounced upward curve. 
In fact, the curve caused a most delicious tickle going in and out, which
it was now doing with vigor.  As harry was bending over her, he again had
his lips locked to her mouth, which he was probing with his tongue as
vigorously as he had her other hole.  Just as Holly was settling into the
rapid tempo of his cock fucking into her, and his tongue inside, they were
gone.  "Oh." She moaned again, a disappointed moan this time.

   A second later, his lips were fixed on her pussy again, and the tongue
was back.  Holly's head was starting to whirl.  After only a couple of
moments, the lips were back on her lips and the cock was deep in her again.
This went on until Holly suddenly came violently with a loud cry and a
double arm hold around his neck, to keep his mouth on her lips and his cock
deep in her body.  As Holly's body writhed in her climax, Harry made a
valiant effort, but the tight little pussy milking his erection was too
much for him, and he lost it.  He pulled her legs up around him and pushed
into her deep and hard while he squirted gobs of semen deep into her
receptive body, bringing on another little climax on top of the bone
crusher Holly had just experienced.  After grunting out his climax, he
started to laugh.

   "You know Honey, that is one battle I never mind losing." He kissed
Holly's lips once more, and pulled off her small body.  His dark pubic hair
was dotted with semen, so he went into the bathroom and cleaned up, and
brought Holly a damp rag back.  Done cleaning her up, he picked her up and
laid her up on the pillows, and flopped down on the bed beside her.

   Holly regarded him with won in her eyes.  "How did you learn to do all
that?"

   "All what?"

   "All that kissing stuff.  Nobody ever did it like that before."

   Yeah, like you have had so much experience, Harry thought.  "They
didn't?"

   "No.  Well, They kissed and stuff, but not like you do.  You make it
feel so much...  Um..." Here Holly was at a loss for words to describe the
feelings.

   "Sexier?"

   "Yes!" Holly blushed and hid her face in the pillow.  After all, she was
still just a little girl, not used to talking about feelings.  Then she
thought of something and popped back up again.  "Why did you say that about
the battle?"

   "Well, Holly, doing that with you was so special that I wanted to save
myself and have another go before we got done today.  Now I don't know if I
can get it up again."

   "I'll bet I can get it hard!" Holly scooted down until her head was
resting on his hip and regarded the shrunken member.  "The bend is gone,"
she said softly.  She toyed with it with one hand.  Then, "Hey!  What
happened to the loose skin?" She sat up so she could turn and twist it at
all angles to look at it.  The bend was gone, but the tip tilted up, kind
of like a pug nose.

   "I was circumcised as a baby." Harry told her.

   "Cir from sized?  What's that mean?"

   "Cir-cum-cised.  Circumcised.  It means they cut off the foreskin."

   "What's a foreskin?"

   "The piece of skin that usually covers this part." Here Harry indicated
the head with a pointing finger.

   "OUCH!  That's a lot!  Did it hurt real bad?  Why did they do that?"
Holly was now holding the shaft very gingerly and being much more gentle
than she had been.

   "I was only a day old, so I don't know.  And they do it for several
reasons.  I think the doctor told my mom it would be easier to keep clean."

   "Oh." said Holly like she saw, but she didn't see at all.  Why would
somebody let someone cut a piece off such a wonderful tool?  Hairy's mama
must have been a really mean woman to do that to her baby boy, but she
didn't say what she thought.  Instead, in a feeling of compassion, she
gently took the soft little organ in her mouth and caressed the bare head
with her tongue, very gently.

   Harry's gasp was quite loud.

   With that sign that her lips and tongue were appreciated, Holly
redoubled her efforts to make him hard.

   After a couple of minutes, Harry had recovered enough to reach for
Holly's hip and leg to pull her around and up on him so her pussy was over
the top of his chest, spread open.  He only had to lift his head and bend
down a little to get his long tongue working on her pussy lips and clit
again.  It was Holly's turn to raise her head and gasp.

   When she lowered her lips to take him in again, she saw and felt
definite signs that his hard on was coming back.  She was able to slide her
body back wards on his silky hair a whole inch, putting that much more of
her body in reach of his tongue.

   Harry promptly used the gained advantage she willingly gave him to
explore inside of her vagina again.  He also had a hand on each tender
little ass cheek and was kneading the little globes, and a finger found her
little anal opening again, but only caressed the outer rim this time.

   Now that Harry was fully erect again, Holly noticed the bend was back,
which made it easy to suck, because it bent right into her mouth from this
angle.  She tried a couple of deep throat moves, and the curved shaft slid
right over her tongue and down her throat.  But after only a couple of
these, Harry pulled her off him, and turned her so she was facing him, and
sitting on his lower chest.

   "I can only take so much of that sweetie, and I want to last a while. 
Slide on back and sit on that thing you got hard for me."

   "Sure." Holly knew how to do that.  She squatted over his cock, and held
it with one hand as she slowly lowered herself onto it.  Harry helped to
steady her.  "Oh, Yesss!" The bend in his cock was just the right angle,
the head rubbed right over her "G" spot.  "Aaaah!" She sighed.

   Poor Harry!  His wants and desires would have been completely neglected
if they hadn't happened to match Holly's wants and desires exactly.  That
normally sweet and considerate little girl just forgot all about Harry,
except of course, for the part of him that was causing her to feel so good
down there.  She just made sure it didn't slip out, and she kept that head
right on her "sweet spot.  Old Harry wasn't complaining that much though;
because he was getting one of his best fucks ever, and he was hardly doing
anything.  And now that he had cum once, he was good to go for quite a long
while.

   So Harry was content to lie back and watch Holly bring herself to a
shuddering orgasm on his stiff dick, and then hold her as she drooped down
across his hairy chest.  Harry took it upon himself to bring Holly back,
with some gentle, for him, kisses.  Of course he had to scour her mouth
with his long tongue.

   When Holly came around, she pulled her head back and gave Harry a long
and searching look.  "I love you." She said.  And that was Holly's first
epiphany.  He was an ugly man, but he was kind, and gentle, and he knew how
to satisfy a woman.  Holly knew she could be happy with this guy for the
rest of her life.  At the same time she knew it couldn't be.  "Will you
come see me again?" she asked him as she looked in his eyes.

   "You bet!  You are the loveliest little girl I've been with.  I'll
always want to see you." And Harry really meant it.

   They lay there and cuddled for a while, and then Holly, noting he was
still sporting his erection asked him if there were other positions besides
the missionary and the riding the pony ones she had tried so far.  So they
spent a long time trying out different positions, before Harry finally got
Holly in the missionary position again.

   This position gave Holly almost as much stimulation as the riding one
did, and she liked it better, because by really bending his body, Harry
could kiss her on the lips while his cock was working in side of her pussy.
She liked the feeling of his hairy body against her belly and chest too,
and she hugged him tightly with arms and legs when she had her cum.  It was
only a moment or so later that Harry had his cum with his cock pumping away
deep in her, and his tongue deep in her mouth.

   After their recovery from this last mating, they got cleaned up and
dressed.

   Harry gave Holly his tip wrapped around a card.  "If you ever have
trouble Holly, you call me, you hear?"

   Holly said she would.  They walked down to Mr.  Brown's office together.
Harry made an appointment for the next week.  As Holly wended her way home,
she skipped every few feet.  When she put the money away, she looked at the
card for the first time.  Harry Lucas.  Holly looked at the name.  "Harry?
Is that a name?" She muttered to herself.

   Patty heard her.  "Harry?  Sure that is a boy's name.  I've got a Harry
in my class this year."

   "OH gosh!  And here I thought..." Here Holly paused.

   "What did you think?"

   That he was just a hairy...  Um, never mind." Patty gave her a look like
she thought her sister had lost it.

   "Go set the table." Holly told her.  Holly put the money and the card in
her secret stash.  She was glad she hadn't made a fool of herself and maybe
insulted Harry.  "Whew!" She breathed a big sigh of relief.

   That night as they were having their cuddle in the recliner chair, Holly
toyed with a tuft of her daddy's chest hair that was sticking out of a hole
in his T shirt.  She twined it around her fingers.  That reminded her.

   "Daddy, Why do men have a lot of hair on their bodies, and women don't?"

   "Well, Hon, I 'm not sure, but I think a lot of body hair is caused by
male hormones.  I guess we are just hairier than women."

   "Why do some guys have more hair than others?"

   "More hormones, I guess."

   "Would that make him sexier?"

   "Sexier?  What do you mean by sexier?" Her Daddy was not looking at the
TV, but at her now.

   Holly saw her mistake.  But she was remembering Harry, and feeling kind
of hot.  "You know Daddy, Sexier!  Like you!  You have lots of hair, and I
think you are real sexy!" She hugged him tightly.

   "Holly..."

   "Besides, I like the way you smell after you worked all day." Holly
sniffed in her Daddy's slightly sweaty, slightly musky aroma.

   "Holly!" But her Daddy hugged her tight too.  "Holly, you are too young
to be thinking about sexy men."

   She sat up on his lap.  I'm growing up Daddy.  I know more, and guess
what!"

   "What?"

   "I'm getting some hair down here." She indicated the place with a
pointing finger.  "Wanna' see?" Without waiting for an answer, she pulled
her skirt hem up and her panties down in front, and turned and thrust her
bare mound up at him.  There in the start of the cleft, and in the cleft
lips were four scraggly darker blonde hairs, in addition to the light
blonde, almost white fan of fine hair over the top of her mound.

   Daddy drew in his breath in a gasp, and he felt a stirring in his loins.
Holly had become concerned with her privacy at about age eight and a half,
as Patty was starting now, and he had not seen that part of her for a long
time.  He tried to be casual.  "My, you are growing up.  I guess we will
have to have the growing up talk soon."

   "Oh, Daddy, if you mean periods and boys and babies, and all that, I've
had that stuff in sex ed.  at school.  I even know about boys things." Here
she gave a meaningful glance down at his somewhat lumpy fly as she pulled
up her panties, and down her skirt.  Then she leaned over and gave him a
somewhat sloppy wet goodnight kiss, pulled on the tuft of hair as she sat
up and slipped off his lap and headed for bed.  "Goodnight, Daddy!"

   "Goodnight Holly." He said, somewhat wistfully, as he still stared at
the spot where his daughter's bare pudenda had just been so casually
displayed.  He sighed again, adjusted himself in his pants, and went back
to his news.

   That night in bed, before they went to sleep, Both Holly and her Daddy
played that scene over in their heads as they sought their relief.

The end, Part Five

This story is pure fantasy, all people, places, and events are figments
of my imagination.  Don't try this at home.


   




   
