Del helps Nancy after her fall.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 11 (MF, nc, impreg?, F-solo, M-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Once Del had his privacy, he dropped his jeans and started to stroke his cock. Pretty soon he was approaching orgasm, and he grabbed the tissue box.

THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP! "OWW!"

Del turned. Nancy was sprawled at the bottom of the basement stairs, holding one ankle and grimacing.

He quickly pulled up his pants and rushed over to her. "Are you alright?"

"I hurt my ankle! Owiee!" Tears were rolling down her cheeks.

"Don't move!" he advised her. "Just your ankle, not your head or other...parts?" He noticed that her tights were around her ankles. "Did you trip on your tights?"

She flushed red. "Not exactly."

He looked up the stairwell. "What were you doing at the top of my stairs?"

She turned even redder. "Don't make me say it."

Then it hit him. "Oh." He was flabbergasted...she was...peeping at him and playing with herself?

He picked her up under her knees and shoulders, making her squeak, and placed her gently onto his bed.

"Del?"

"Pull your tights off, please. I'll have a look at your ankle." She awkwardly did so, wincing as they slid off of her injured ankle, and he bent down to examine it. "Can you move it at all?"

"Umm...erk." She was able to move it a bit, but not all the way around.

"Can you flex your toes?" She could. He stood up. "It's just a light sprain...I've had one before. No point in going to the hospital. They'll charge you a few hundred dollars just to wrap it in a tensor bandage, one of which I have in my medical kit." He went and got it, and then wrapped the bandage firmly around her ankle. "If the swelling gets really big, though, we will have to go to the hospital."

She looked at him, impressed. "You have a medical kit."

"Yeah...it helps to be prepared for anything. Worked out in this case, right?"

Nancy felt her cheeks redden again. Del was so thoughtful, taking care of her after her stupid, embarrassing accident.

"You should sleep down here," he informed her.

"Um, what?"

He looked at the stairs. "I could help you upstairs, but you really shouldn't move until you've healed a bit overnight. Plus, if you need to go to the bathroom, it's right there." He pointed to the door in the corner of his suite.

"I don't know..."

"I'll sleep on the floor." He grabbed a pillow and walked over to his linen closet.

"The floor's hardwood tile...I put it in myself," she told him. "You're not sleeping on it, or you won't be rested enough for school tomorrow. C'mon..." She scooted to one side of the bed and patted the other. "I'll sleep on top of the covers," she said as she saw his concerned look, "okay?"

Del brushed his teeth and slipped under the covers, keeping only his boxers on. "G'nite," he said to her again.

"Sweet dreams."

Nancy had tried putting her tights back on while Del was in the bathroom, but she couldn't get them over the tensor bandage without hurting her ankle. Wearing only her long t-shirt and panties, after sleeping for a bit, she woke up cold. Well, he seems to be asleep, she considered, so it'll be safe for me to get under the covers now. She awkwardly contorted her body to do so, and instantly felt warmer. "Ahh..." she sighed, falling back into slumber.

---

That evening, the temperature dropped; Autumn had finally arrived in full force. As they slept, Del's and Nancy's bodies, feeling the creeping chill, naturally gravitated toward the nearest source of heat: each other's bodies.

Nancy woke to the feeling of something hard pressing into her lower back, and a hand on one of her boobs, over her t-shirt. Del's palm couldn't fully encompass her D-cup breast, but it was holding the underside, just below her erect nipple. "Del?" she called out softly.

He didn't answer, or even move.

She put her own hand over his. This was such a thrillingly intimate situation, and she had been starved for affection, not to mention jealous of Trista. She pressed Del's hand into her breast and moaned. She knew that was Del's large erection pressing into her lower back. A few hours ago she had been masturbating as she watched Del whacking off again, and then she slipped and had tumbled down into his suite...so embarrassing! And yet Del had immediately taken charge, tending to her injury. She rather liked how assertive and decisive he had become in the moment. She tried flexing her ankle, but it was held fast by the tensor bandage...probably for the best, she thought. Del was such a good boy -- good man, she amended. That was definitely a man's cock digging into her back.

Her masturbation had been aborted by her tumble down the stairs, and now that she was no longer in pain, her body demanded release. She slithered upward and felt Del's cock slide down her spine until it slipped between her buttcheeks. "Hmm..." she moaned, but she could feel that his erection was still constrained by his underwear. Moving her hand from his, she arched her back so that she could slip it between them. Yes, there was his cock, pressing resolutely at the fabric of his boxers. Her fingers found the front hole, unfastened the button, and then adjusted the fabric so that...

Del's cock sprang out and smacked right into her puffy, panty-covered pussy lips, making her start. "Eep!"

"Mm..." Del murmured.

Nancy froze. If Del woke up now, things would be hard to explain. Hard...she could feel the tip of his hard cock pressing into her panties. Had he moved his hips a bit? It felt good. She adjusted her own hips and felt his cock head slip between her vaginal lips, the fabric of her panties the only thing protecting her from breaking her marriage vows. "Mmm..." she moaned as she moved her hand inside the front of her panties to manipulate her clit. She felt that she could cum like this, and then she'd go back to sleep, with Del none the wiser.

As she frigged her clit, she also rolled her hips, causing the tip of Del's cock to slide back and forth along her pussy lips. Her vaginal flower bloomed, her vulva opening to welcome his manhood, though it was still constrained by that single layer of stretchy cotton. She both loved and hated her panties at that moment.

As she got closer to her release, her thighs instinctively closed on his cock, shallowly stroking it as she moved her hips. She was close, very close. She moved her other hand to tweak one of her hard nipples and started to cum. A couple of things happened at once:

Her hips pushed down toward Del's cock, her body instinctively trying to achieve penetration. Del, still sleeping but overstimulated from his own incomplete masturbation earlier, pushed his cock forward due to the same instinct.

"NNGH!" Nancy bit her lip to stifle her orgasmic cry as the head of Del's cock stretched the fabric of her panties enough so that it dipped into her very wet pussy just as they both came. The sperm-filled semen of his orgasm, delayed for hours, gushed into the thin layer of fabric, soaking it, and when that potent deluge finally exceeded the cotton's absorbency limit, began to drip through into Nancy's vulnerable, orgasming vagina.

Feeling the warmth of Del's excess cum running down her buttcheek, Nancy came again at the forbidden thrill of making the young man cum in his sleep while they were so intimately entwined.

Del grunted as spurt after spurt of his dangerous cum was only momentarily stopped by Nancy's underwear before it dripped through the sopping wet material into her wanton body. Lost in her own orgasm, she was unaware that her makeshift birth control had failed.

Finally, she calmed down from her overwhelming orgasm and relaxed her thighs. Del rolled onto his back and sighed.

She froze again. "Del?" Again there was no answer. She reached over, tucked his dwindling cock back into his boxers, and went back to sleep, relaxed and sated. Unknown to her, the drops of Del's sperm that had soaked through her panties and slipped into her vagina swam deeper inside her receptive body.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)