Ain't seen you for a while, Mister Holmes." The owner, Mike, a nondescript blonde of indeterminate gender (not indeterminate biological sex, to Sherlock, but what did that matter) chatted away idly as Sherlock settled into his usual booth. "Anything I can get you, then?"

"Tea will be fine, thank you."

Mike nodded, knowing Sherlock's habits. It felt infinitely comfortable being around someone who did. He was in no mood for explanations.

The cafe was a small one, somewhere between mid- and upper price range, offering organic vegetarian versions of traditional pub food alongside fair trade teas and coffees. No alcohol; no tobacco even before the stricter smoking laws had set in. Lights were low, music was nonexistent, and whatever you needed that was not on the menu could be obtained by the back door for a reasonable price. Sherlock was not here for that tonight, though.

He was here to think.

Fishing out his phone, he scrolled through incoming e-mails. Two more since he left Baker Street, each showing another flat for sale; one in Kensington, one in Richmond. No traceable address - none that his usual hacker contacts could trace, at any rate - and no messages of any kind attached. Sherlock scanned the ads again, huffing in frustration. There was nothing; no hidden ciphers, no subtle watermarks, no careful arrangement of furniture in meaningful patterns.

Mike brought him his tea, and Sherlock sipped it, gratefully. Why hadn't they come? If these adds were a message for him; a warning to stay away, as they surely were, him having left the flat should have spurned them into action. Mrs. Hastings's flat had been put on the market three days ago when he and John-

Sherlock bit his fist. No. That was not useful. Think in general terms. Three days ago when things had been set in motion. Who was Mrs. Hastings? Middle-aged, single, disliked pets, avid letter writer; complained loudly of all night violin-recitals, tenure at the University of Westminster though she rarely seemed to leave the house; dressed colorfully to draw attention away from her natural lack of color and plain features, voted Conservative, had flowers delivered once a month; carnations, if possible... He set the cup down with a frustrated, unsatisfying 'plink'. No good, this flimsy cookery.

He blinked, staring at the cup, a bright, annoying orange on a deliberately mismatched red saucer. On its own. Mismatched.

Cursing through gritted teeth, he threw a few notes on the table, hurrying out the door.

John jerked awake with a start. Dull grey light stained the sky outside, and his back screamed at him for sleeping upright, braced on his arms. He pulled himself to his feet, walked over to the wall, and leaned his head against it with a heartfelt groan.

What a complete, utter tit he was. Good god. What had he been thinking, telling Sherlock something like that? How did he expect the man to react - with delight and gratitude? Sherlock would welcome emotional attachment with all the joy he would welcome herpes.

John finally pulled himself together. There was nothing more for him to do here, so he left the flat and crossed back over to 221B. Sherlock's door was shut tight; John had brought on another one of the man's Moods, apparently. He picked up some clean clothes and had a quick shower, then took off for the clinic. Sherlock would hear that he hd returned, and choose to come out - or not.

He hadn't chosen to come out later that evening, when John went for his run, or when he slept with extreme discomfort on the bare box spring (his mattress still at the other apartment, and he wasn't going to sleep on the couch, right outside of Sherlock's bedroom door), or even the next morning.

It was sometime later that morning that Mrs. Hudson came in.

"I'm so sorry to bother you, dear, but Sherlock hasn't yet given me the rent for this month - I know how moody he can get..."

John looked over at Sherlock's door, shut tight and sullenly silent. He looked over at Mrs. Hudson in silent apology - just as his phone rang.

The voice on the line was the estate agent they had seen the previous day, sounding a great deal less friendly than she had at that point. The thrust of her call was to ask why Mr. Harms had not returned the key, and what were all of these belongings doing at the flat? She was aware that Mr. Westin was not the one to address these issues, but could he please let Mr. Harms know to contact them...?

John hung up his mobile, tightlipped, and walked to Sherlock's bedroom door. Yes, Sherlock would not appreciate being disturbed, but he had left too much hanging to just retreat. John banged on the door with his fist. "Sherlock, enough - you have things to deal with out here."

No sound, no movement, no sign of life came from the room. A number of distressing scenarios started to come to John's mind. He jiggled the door, but it was securely bolted.

John turned to look at Mrs. Hudson, an apologetic expression on his face. She shrugged, waving her hands in a 'just go ahead' manner.

John took a step back and kicked the door open. A chill settled over him as he looked at the empty, disused room. Sherlock did not come home last night, he was certain.

Did he make it anywhere else? "Don't get kidnapped," Sherlock had said. He was typically not a man to worry about, but he had been rather distraught last night, hadn't he? And that had been thanks to one John Watson.

This unpleasant line of thought was interrupted by Mrs. Hudson peeking over John's shoulder. "Oh, dear..."

"Mrs. Hudson, can we speak about the rent later? I have a few other things to deal with..." He hustled her out of the flat, pulling out his mobile. The conversation was one he was not terribly proud of, but it did the job. Mr. Westin was terribly upset, as after an argument, Mr. Harms had, well, gone his own way, and they couldn't take the place. He was very sorry, but he would remove the belongings from the flat and make sure the agent got the key back. He hung up, feeling an utter twat, and started to fetch their shite from the flat across the street.

As he was carrying what he estimated to be the penultimate load back, his phone rang. He ignored it. If it were important, they could leave a message. He dropped his armload of accoutrement in Sherlock's room, on top of the rest.

His phone rang again as he was walking back to fetch the last load. The number was Unavailable, but he answered anyway. Perhaps it was Sherlock... "Hello."

The voice on the other line was familiar, smooth, cultured, and not the Holmes that John had been hoping to hear from. "Oh. How disappointing. I was hoping you would know." Mycroft sounded mildly let down.

"You don't know either," John replied. It was more a statement than a question; Mycroft would not bother contacting him unless he had already exhausted his rather extensive surveillance network.

"I'm afraid not." Mycroft sighed gently. "I wouldn't worry, of course, but his phone is turned off."

He spoke as if this small fact were sufficient explanation - but, John pondered, wasn't it? Sherlock was happy to ignore his phone, but he never did not want to know who was trying to contact him. He had never, in all of the time John had known him, turned it off. It was practically part of his body.

"Any suggestions of where to start?" John was startled by his own brusqueness, but Mycroft's attitude and the situation seemed to demand it. Sherlock was missing. Sherlock might be in trouble. Ergo, Sherlock must be found.

If it were possible for Mycroft to be friendly, John considered, his voice would soften into the register it just softened into. "I appreciate the sentiment, John, but if he were in trouble, he would either have gotten out of it himself, or contacted me. He has ways of doing that, you know. That leaves us with two... other alternatives. Either he does not want to be found - and believe you me; if Sherlock doesn't want to be found, he won't be, or..." Mycroft paused, delicately.

John swallowed. Some part of him knew the answer, but did not want to say it. "Or?"

Mycroft spoke even more gently. "Or it is too late for him to be found."

John leaned against the outside of the building, his legs suddenly feeling quite weak. "So I wait?"

"I'm afraid so." Mycroft paused. "And John?"

"Yes."

"Try to forgive him. He doesn't deal well with emotions. He never has. That doesn't mean he doesn't have them."

"You're good." John was not sure if it was Mycroft's powers of deduction or of surveillance that he was complimenting. He wasn't sure he wanted to know, either.

Mycroft's voice had a hint of a laugh. "Not quite good enough. You'll let me know if you hear anything, won't you?"

"Yes, although I imagine you'll know before I do."

"We shall see. Goodbye, John."

John put his mobile in his pocket. The world was... a little grey, a little blurry. He rested his head against the building, closing his eyes. Kidnapped, he had thought earlier - now, possibly, dead? It didn't make any sense. There was no reality without Sherlock anymore...

His phone rang again. He didn't open his eyes as he answered it. "Hello."

"Hi, John." Lestrade sounded painfully awkward. "Erm... I'm not sure how to ask you this, but would Sherlock have had any reason to," he coughed, incredulity trying to peek through, "fake his death?"

John opened his eyes, instantly alert. "Why are you asking?"

Lestrade's voice was atypically quiet. "We've found his phone."

John's heart sank. "I want to come by."

Lestrade put on his best brusque professional voice. "Yes, perhaps you'd better."

John's heart settled back into a slightly lower spot than it normally occupied. It had leapt high at the thought that Lestrade had evidence that Sherlock was faking his death - but all he had was more evidence that he wasn't actually faking it.

He hit his head against the wall, gently, and pulled himself together. He had only one more load of crap to take away from the apartment; he should finish with that before heading to see Lestrade. One fewer thing to worry about.

John trotted up the stairs, and opened the door to the room. Three men looked up, in surprise. All three were tall, ill-shaven, and broad-shouldered; one had a shaved head, one had a ponytail, and all had ripped jeans and copious tattoos.

As the shaven-headed one reached into his jacket, a figure jumped out in front of him, and a very familiar voice said, "No. It's me you want."

"Sherlock!" John hissed. He had instincts for when armed unfriendlies were about, but they had just been tanked by Sherlock's appearance.

One of the thugs stood aside to reveal a man in a wheelchair, who glared at them both. The thug lowered his weapon - using his right hand, Sherlock noted, rather than the left, despite clearly being left handed. Unlike John though, this man had not been army trained to do so; he was instead compensating for the damage done to his favored left arm some time ago. All in all, not a stable-looking character; there was no telling if the order would hold. Sherlock held his arm up to shield John, almost instinctively.

"Who's this," the man huffed, "your lapdog?"

John felt naked, unarmed in front of the goons. "Who the fuck are you, wheelie-bin?" he barked, in no mood.

The man ignored him, keeping his attention on Sherlock. "You were a fool to reveal yourself. I would have been out of here in half an hour, and you could have gone home safely to your boyfriend." He clearly meant the term as an insult, and Sherlock bristled.

"What makes you think I would have let you get away?"

The man made a bizarre picture; taller than Sherlock, as evident by his posture, dressed in sweatpants, sweatshirt, socks and sandals in the kind of weather that made sensible people consider seasonal migration. Hollow cheeks and lean frame left him rather gaunt-looking, with white, short-cropped hair and huge glasses completing the ghoul-like image. He snorted. "If I had a sense of humor, I'd find that funny." Not that Sherlock was any judge, but he looked almost sad. "You're an exceptional man; I'm sorry it had to come to this." He narrowed his eyes. "I honestly don't understand why you had to meddle in my affairs. I did no harm."

"You killed people," Sherlock said, grimly. "Five people. Just so you could get a better price for their flats." Elderly, single people, not fitting in. No family, no friends; the flat they'd been living in for years the one thing they held onto, the one thing that was 'home.' Cups without matching saucers. With no relatives to inherit, the flats would sell for cheap, to people like this. People like this man, only known as The Landlord. He was shaking his head now.

"What use did they have of them? They were old people, invalids! They were better off that way. Most of them would have died of natural causes soon anyway..." The Landlord shrugged.

Sherlock took a step closer, surprised to find himself shaking. "I had something to live for."

"Ah, but you weren't really dead, were you?" The man waved to one of his thugs. "This is boring me; take care of them."

John felt oddly relieved to have something this straightforward to deal with. As the man with the shaved head raised his gun, John jumped to tackle him.

A surge of pure adrenaline flavored with something else hit Sherlock, seeing John move. He barely had time to shout a warning before a shot sounded, the window behind them shattering as the thug fell. Then - a screeching yell of anger - the man in the wheelchair shot forward, heading straight for John's legs.

As the thug fell to the floor, John reached for the gun; he noted that the thug had been shot through the head, which made it much easier to wrest the gun out of his hands.

Swinging around, Sherlock grabbed the wheelchair, pushing it, man and all, towards the goon with a ponytail; the third was reaching for his gun, Sherlock noted, but there Sherlock would never reach him in time. He glanced towards the window, then remembered, resisting the urge to smile. Ah, yes. John..

John fired for the shoulder of the third thug. It was not a familiar gun, and he was in a rather bad position - sprawled over the head of the now-deceased man - but it was very short range, and his shot was true. The thug fell with a yell - just as another shot shattered another window. Sherlock dove for the gun. John rolled towards the wall that held the shattered windows to get out of the line of sight of the outside shooter. The enemy of an enemy was not always a friend, or even a cordial acquaintance.

In an instant, Sherlock had the gun trailed on the wheelchair, if not the man in it; he quickly adjusted his aim. Secure. He did not have to glance around; he knew. "Clear! We're clear," he yelled, pulse racing deliciously. He lived for this rush. The rush, and the knowledge the case was solved, by him. He stumbled back, straightening the gun, listening to the sound of running feet (and one pair walking, with a cane - no, umbrella). When the police entered followed by Mycroft, unconcernedly brushing snow off his lapels, Sherlock had almost managed to breathe normally again.

John clambered to his feet. Now that the action had settled down, he had time to be thoroughly bemused about the situation. Sherlock alive? Some strange old man killing tenants? Mycroft?

Mycroft surveyed scene with mild curiosity. Sherlock glared at him, annoyed by the fact that he could only guess what his brother was thinking. Well, one aspect was ever-present - mild disapproval of Sherlock. "You do like to leave things to the last minute, don't you," Mycroft purred. Was there is hidden affection in the crooked smile he gave? No matter. With Mycroft, everything had an agenda.

Sherlock handed the gun to a passing officer, carefully not looking at anyone in particular. "Mycroft. Punctual, as usual."

John needed to get out. The air was too close, the thoughts thudding in his head too aggressively. He sidled towards the door in the guise of getting out of the way of the police. Fortunately, none of them seemed to recognize him. He slipped the gun under his jacket, made his way out of the building, crossed over to 221B, made his way up to his room, and closed the door, grateful to finally have some quiet at hand.

Some vague, mumbled statements were enough to mollify the officers; these were not Lestrade's people. Mycroft did not have his own personal police force, but none of the men and women he brought were familiar to Sherlock - expected, but no less disturbing. His brother, however - Sherlock knew he would not be so easily dismissed. Sherlock was not really in the mood for a chat, but as always, there was no need for words between them.

Rather silly of you, said the twitch of Mycroft's lips, not unfriendly.

Sherlock shrugged, the curve of his shoulder denoting I don't want to talk about this.

Mycroft smiled fully, the tilt of his head asking don't you know better, really?

When Sherlock turned abruptly, walking away, his back spoke volumes.

It was no good, John thought, angrily. Too many thoughts in his head, colliding, gelling with the last bits of souring adrenaline still flowing through his system. He pulled off his jacket, tossed it on the bed, and flopped atop it, rubbing eyes and mumbling fuck to himself.

This completely failed to clear his head, and something was very hard and uncomfortable at his back. Oh, of course - it was the semiautomatic he had taken from the shaven-headed goon, the one whose blood - and a bit of brain, it seemed - was soaking into his trousers. He pulled the gun out, looking at it absent-mindedly. It was filthy and uncared-for, and for some reason, that bothered him greatly.

John hauled himself out of bed and walked to his desk. He removed the magazine, ejected the chambered rounds, and pulled out his gun-cleaning kit.

The motions were easy, natural - almost instinctive. His hands were at one with their labor, and the soothing rhythm gave his brain a chance to slow down, to stop spinning.

Sherlock was disgusted, Sherlock was dead, Sherlock was alive. It had been some kind of trap, and John had been run around to serve unwittingly in the middle of it.

His brain was still rattled from the adrenaline of what had just taken place. From the misery that arose from the horrified look on Sherlock's face when he had left the night before. From the frightening dead place that had grown in his viscera when he thought Sherlock dead. From the massive relief he felt when he saw that Sherlock was indeed alive. Yes, there was now absolutely no question that he did love the man - and no question that the man was horribly offended by the very idea.

John paused, brush in hand, and cocked his head. He thought he had heard - no, it must have been Mrs. Hudson on the stairs below.

It was an ordinary door, all things considered. Easily broken down, like any of the doors in the flat - Sherlock had made sure of that before moving in. He knew he had not been heard mounting the stairs; they were well cared for despite their appearance, and Sherlock had spent a lot of time walking up to people without being noticed. And here, then, was the door. Sherlock pressed his head against it, closing his eyes.

For a moment he just stood there, not making a sound, running one hand over the darkened wood. Noises that were unmistakably John filtered through. Sherlock bit his lip until he placed them - metal against metal, clever hands working. The gun, yes. He smiled, a little, exhaling quietly; he had been holding his breath. Odd, that. The door was smooth and solid and there. Sherlock ran his hands over it a few times more before pushing himself a little bit away.

Exhale, again. He had time to think now, and his head sagged with the burden of it. What John had given him. What Sherlock had forced him - would force him - to take away.

He could not quite muster the energy to walk away entirely.

John glanced up again, frowning at the door. He had definitely heard something outside. He put down his brush and walked to the door. But he paused before opening it - Sherlock might be outside. And the very last thing he was prepared to deal with was Sherlock.

John shook his head. If the flat were on fire, he'd surely hear from Mrs. Hudson. Otherwise, he'd rather stay in his room, alone with his thoughts. That was plenty of company. He returned to his desk - and his cleaning - with renewed vigor.

Eventually, the sound of the shower indicated that Sherlock was indeed back, increasing John's resolve to stay in his room. He finished cleaning and reassembling the thug's gun, and, for lack of anything else to do with it, dropped it in the drawer next to his own. He vaguely wondered what in Christ he would do with two of them. He had a brief and amusing visual of running into some situation shooting a gun in each hand like a video game action man - no chance of aiming at anything, generally making a mess, and he had to smile at the idea.

His body was telling him that a shower at this point would be brilliant, but he still could not face Sherlock. He shed his messy trousers, then sat back in bed with a book. He wasn't sure if it was even right-side-up; neither direction seemed to make any sense. He dropped the open book on his face with a sigh.

Sherlock let himself relax, finally feeling the full force of sleepless nights spent outdoors; the stakeout, the gunfight; what came after...

He snapped to with a jolt of adrenaline; he had nearly fallen asleep in the stream of tepid water. Relaxing, yes, but he was there to get clean. Basic needs; hygiene, sleep, possibly food. One thing at a time. What ever attempt he made at cleaning himself was half-hearted, however, and by the time he stumbled out, he more zombie than human.

The shower door closed behind him - more or less - there was no energy left in him to give a proper slam, and so it remained slightly open. No matter; John would be using the bath soon enough. Sherlock paid it no heed, heading, instead, directly to his bedroom, where he collapsed on the bed. Wet and naked, dripping slightly, there was no real comfort to be had, but his brain was screaming for sleep, and knowing from experience that it had to take whatever it could get, promptly shut down.

The last conscious thought in Sherlock's mind was not words or sights or anything concrete; just a feeling, a mood, lingering even when he woke, hours later.

Miserable.

John heard the water shut off, and listened hard for the noise of Sherlock's door shutting. He desperately needed a shower.

He waited, listening to the deafening silence, until he couldn't wait any more. He peeked out cautiously; as it seemed that Sherlock was indeed in his room, John grabbed a fresh set of clothes and hopped into the shower.

The hot stream of water relaxed John, perhaps a little too much; water from his eyes found its way into the stream of water flowing down the drain.

He emerged from the shower with the need for a long walk. He always thought better with a little physical activity, and this was no exception. The pounding of feet on the pavement, and the view of London, lit magnificently after dark, relaxed him, and allowed his thoughts to flow freely. Flow they did, and when he returned, later that evening, he knew what he had to do.

Morning.

Yes, definitely morning, or some such. Sherlock's brain could perfectly accurately deduce the time of day, but his body was another matter; screaming and yelling all sorts of inconvenient things at him, like 'food' and 'rest' and... well, there was another part of that equation that it would simply have to learn to do without.

Sherlock got up, and for want of anything better to do, took another shower.

Feeling no better afterwards, he stared at himself in the mirror. Pale, gaunt and hollow-looking at the best of times - he knew people found him attractive, but people found a great many things attractive - now, the sharp angles of his face merely served to underline that sinking, empty feeling in his chest.

Granted, he told his mirror image, that could be hunger. Did they - he - have any food? The idea was too complicated to contemplate right now; with resignation, Sherlock dragged himself back to bed.

Hours later, he woke with a start, the thought of food igniting something fierce and primal in him. Now, his body seemed to tell him, no time to argue. There was no time for the usual care Sherlock liked to taken in dressing, but the importance of clothes had faded, in his mind. His socks ended up mismatched (two clearly different shades of charcoal). He did not bother with shoes, stumbling into the kitchen, looking through fridge and cupboards like ancient man foraging.

There was hardly anything to find, but Sherlock ravenously threw himself at what there was, and when the worst was over and he sat there, fingers smeared with foodstuffs, lips and tongue numb with the frenzy of activity; only then did the full reality of the situation hit him.

No John.

At the clinic, of course, physically, right now. But that was not the issue, and as Sherlock slowly shuffled back to his room, sitting down at the edge of the bed, one thing was completely clear: it was he who was lost.