Working Late (M/F)
By Pauley

When I was in my late teens I worked at a sub and pizza place, working with a great group of people.  This one girl who was a couple of years older than me was always teasing me.  She had a boyfriend, but they seemed to always be fighting, and she was a free spirit and loved flirting.  We had great talks while we were working, about all kinds of subjects, and she wasn't shy about talking about sex.  She told me once she had been working late and had seen a guy outside one of the side windows, in a dark part of the parking lot, masturbating.  She just stood and watched, and while it freaked her out a little bit it also made her quite horny and as soon as she got home she said she 'took care of it'.  She wouldn't elaborate, but she essentially told me she had masturbated too.  I found that quite exciting.

Another time we were working late together and we'd been joking around all night with a little bit of sexual tension between us as usual.  I remember at several points in the night when we were doing food prep for the morning shift we stood very close together and touched hips and arms a few times and shared a few winks and looks.  It was quite exciting for me.  After we closed she went into the staff room to get changed, and being the gentleman I am I waited outside while she did, as usual.  This time, though, after a few minutes she came out, saying she'd forgotten her backpack in the office, which was a few doors down the hall.  It seemed, though, that she had started to get changed before she realized that she didn't have her backpack and she came out with no pants on.  Her shirt covered her panties and there wasn't much to see except her gorgeous legs, but I loved it.  Feeling a little cheeky I dared her to go out into the dining room like that.  We were closed so there was no one in there, but there were large windows to the street outside and if anyone looked in they would see her, especially since it was dark outside and the dining room lights were still on.  I think it was about midnight by this time, so there weren't many people around, anyway.

She got a shocked look on her face, but after a little bit of consideration she made a sly smile and said "OK."  Watching to see my reaction she turned and strode straight out, did a circuit around the tables, and finally back out of sight of the public to where I was standing.  I was pretty shocked, I didn't think she'd actually do it, but was pretty impressed with her balls.  Of course she had to have the last laugh and said "now I dare YOU to."  Normally I probably wouldn't have done it, but since she just had I thought "what the heck?".  I took off my shoes and socks, dropped my pants and followed her path out into the arena.  I looked out the windows and as far as I could tell there was no one out there, but it was still a thrill.  My heart was beating a mile a minute.  As I finished my lap I saw Heather watching from the hallway, still with her sly smile, but also a bit impressed that I'd done it.  She didn't think I'd do it.

We both stood in the hallway looking at each other, both quite excited by what we'd done.  I wondered how far she'd go, and since she wasn't making any move to go back to the changing room I said "I dare you to go out there without the shirt."  She thought for a second then said "No way."  I was now quite excited about the thought of seeing her in her bra and panties, so I said "what if I turn off the dining room lights?"  That would make it less like a lit stage, and even if someone came by they probably wouldn't see what was going on in there.  There were still lights on in the back, though, so she would still be silhouetted.  Again she thought for a few seconds then reached up and started undoing the buttons on her shirt.  I couldn't take my eyes off her hands as they worked and she watched me watching her.  When they were all undone she turned her back to me and walked towards the dining room.  Looking over her shoulder she told me to get the lights, so I hit the switches.  She was still lit but the lights in the hallway, though, and I watched as she pulled her shirt open and dropped it on the floor.  I couldn't take my eyes off her gorgeous ass in her little white panties.  Then she strode around the corner and I ran over to watch her go.

It was quite dark for most of her walk but if someone outside really looked they would probably see that she was just in her underwear.   And she took her time, wandering around looking at the tables to see if they had been wiped down etc.  She was really enjoying it.  Then she walked back towards me, now her front lit by the hall lights and I could see her lacy bra and low-cut panties. She had a slightly strange shape to her, kinda pear shaped.  Her hips were a little on the wide side and her breasts were a little on the small side.  Aside from that, though, she had a fantastic 21 or 22 year old body.  Nice flat tummy and long legs.  I just stared as she came towards me and she smiled enjoying the whole thing.  As soon as she was around the corner, though, she let out a big breath of air, I guess she'd been holding her breath.  She had a big smile, though, and her eyes were twinkling.  She made no move to put her shirt back on so I just admired the view.

After a minute or so of that she said "Now it's your turn."  I hadn't even thought of that, but since she did it I figured I could too.  I unbuttoned and dropped my shirt, let her have a look at me now in just my underwear, and strode out into the dining room again.  I didn't take as much time as she did, I was really hoping that someone wouldn't come by and look in, although the thought of someone watching was rather exciting.  Finally I returned to where she was standing, her eyes still looking me up and down.  That was really exciting, too.  I think I was shaking with the excitement, and was probably a little bit hard, giving her something else to look at.  I suddenly occurred to me that we weren't quite even.

"I went out topless," I said.  "Now it's your turn."

She shrugged a little, turned her back to me again and reached back to undo her bra clasp.  She shrugged it down her arms and tossed it over her shoulder as she walked away from me into the big room again, and I didn't get a good look at her breasts until she was walking towards me again on her return.  Her breasts looked great!  Probably a small B cup, and her areolas were small and pink, but her nipples were quite erect, sticking out beautifully.  She let me look for a few seconds before saying "I dare you to go out there naked."   I thought for a little while, and was rather nervous about her seeing me because by now I was hard as a rock, but she'd just shown me her beautiful breasts and I thought "what the fuck?"  I pushed my underwear down and walked straight out there.  This time I took my time a little, partly because there didn't seem to have been any reaction outside to our previous circuits, I was quite excited with the thought that someone might see me naked there, and because I was a little nervous about showing her my bouncing penis as I walked towards her in the light.  Anyway, finally I couldn't stay out there any longer and walked back to her.  My cock is about average sized and I was a little nervous that she'd laugh, but as I walked towards her her eyes were locked on it and she seemed to be enjoying it, no sign of mirth.  When I got back to her and stopped her eyes went up and down me again a few times, then without a word she pushed her panties to the floor and strode out there, wandering around and dancing a little between the tables.  She looked so free and happy, it was really beautiful.  I went out and joined her, following her around the room and dancing behind her until she danced back to the lit hallway.

As soon as we were around the corner she pressed herself against me, threw her arms around my neck and pressed her lips against mine.  I kissed her back, mirroring her movements as her tongue pushed between my lips, my hands running up and down her back and caressing her soft bum.  She pushed me back against a chest freezer that was behind me in the hallway, pushing me up onto it so that I lay down.  Quickly she climbed up onto me, reaching down and impaling herself on my hard cock.  I remember realizing that she was really wet, I heard the sloshing as I slid very easily into her.  She bounced on me like a maniac and I'm sure I didn't last very long, but I'm pretty sure she came too a few seconds after me as she continued to bounce calling out her pleasure.  Finally she stopped, both of us sweaty and breathing hard, me hugging her tightly from below.  We lay like that for a few minutes catching our breath before she slowly pulled herself off me.  I remember that I was still mostly hard and it occurred to me that we could go again, but she quickly picked up her bra and panties and put them back on, heading back to the change room.  I grabbed my clothes, too, following her thinking that we didn't really need to be modest anymore.  We both got dressed, shooting each other smiling glances as we did.

We locked up and left, both heading off in the same direction.  When we came to her street I turned to her to give her a kiss, but she grabbed my hand and dragged me down the road to her place.  That was one of the greatest nights of my life.  We got together several more times during the time we worked together.  She stayed with her boyfriend, although they didn't seem to be getting along any better, but the nights that we worked together we would fool around getting each other really excited all night, then head back to her place to finish off or sometimes just do it in the back of the shop, or on the boss' desk. She was really quite adventurous and fun to be with.

------------

Let me know if you enjoyed this story, I'd very much like to hear from you:
pauleyf@gmail.com
