Dear friends welcome to all the readers of indian sexstories
including pakistan and bangladesh and all pakis and indian setteled
abroadAND bangla deshi also this is abdul hasan 50 years and manager
in a national bank of repute in punjab pakistan. i want to share mi
story with u and all like minded persons share good fucking
experiences with the readers of indian sexstories. mi life was
through the horns when i become horny.

mi father idying at mi tender age 16 and mother getting job in the
place of mi deseased father. but how she got the job is tragic story
and story of mi becoming sexyman. when mi father died of heartstroke
she was merely 35 and mi mother being 32 and i 15 and mi little
sister being just 13. the treatment which was required by mi father
nearly emptied mi house and we were on the streets but thanks to
some officers of bank who came to our rescue and requested mi mother
to apply for job. mi mother applied for the job and first hurdle
came in the way was the regional manager of the bank.one of the
close friend of mi father was highly placed he came to our house and
advised mi mother to use the technique or otherwise u r family will
be on streets. let me tell about mi mother she was 32. young enough
to be called a sex bomb it self her figure measuring 38 26 38 nicely
curved body and exclusive outlook .

cleavage in shirt showing and doing the rest of job. fathers friend
told she can use her body for earlying everything. mi mother went to
regional manager and invited him for dinner at home. all special
things were prepared as of ed celebrations. he was happy to have
wine dinner and followed by woman and was too much pleased with this
forwardeed the application with his recoomendatiions to headoffice
for early appointment of mrs hasan in place of mr hasan died. first
hurdle was over and we were invited by the higher ups in lahore for
completion of certain formalities for early issuance of appointment
letter. we were in lahore stayed in c class hotel and met the higher
ups . the AGM AND DGM AND GM all visited us in the hotel and all the
formalities were completed in the hotel itself. though mi mother
went to guest house of the bank to complete thre formalities and
came back after three to four hours for exactly 3 days (one day
reserved exclusively for one officer) and on jumma we were told that
letter to this effect will be issued by monday till then please
wait. we were now put in guest house of bank all officer sharing
rupees one thousand each for our pleasure for three days we have to
stay.

on friday night mi mother started crying .......fuck me hard fuck me
hard..... no dont play with mi mouth.....please in the right place
only....dont fuck mi ass.........like that. it was mi time to
console her and i kept mi hand on her evergrowing boobs and tried to
know her reaction she opened her eyes seeing me merely smiled and
said all have fucked me badly why mi son sud not enjoy me. this was
an open invitation for me i opened her up and while i looked at her
body it was thrilling experience for me to be with her. mi dick
erected fully like iron rod and body was shivering with excitement
of fucking experience that too with mi own mom.

actually she became habitual in these three days and wanted more and
more. i placed mi dick in her and asked her to suck it hard. she
obidiently followed mi instructions and started sucking it with her
doing in out i was thrilled since it was mi first experience. it
took time and i cum in her mouth.she sucked and drank all mi cum and
kept smiling as ever. taking some rest mi dick again erected and it
was mine time for licking sucking and fucking . first i opened the
holy place from where i was born and saluted it and licked and
sucked it in nice way . her heavy and fast breathing was making me
mad to fuck her hard and give her and good blow job. she was eagerly
waiting for it but i was not in hurry i was enjoying her body
fully . after fifteen years i again sucked mi mom boobs it was a
nice experience.

she was getting wetter then ever and started requesting me dont
waste time and give her a strongblow. i obeyed mi moms instruction
and placed mi hard dick on the pussy and made a big stroke and
partially it was inside mi mom. i withdrew it and again tried for
full excitement and placed it on pussy and gave hard stroke it was
inside the pussy of mom. now in and out was making our journey more
pleasurious than ever. with every stroke i made mi mom creid and
moaned ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh noooooooooooooo mi son be good to me
every stroike was giving her more and more pleasure and we continued
it for one and half hour. and after that we cum both together i
unloaded mi load in mummy pussy and i licked her cumming too.
thereafter we slept for four hours keeping our bare bodies together
it was in the morning that mi mom wanted to piss and took mi hand
from her body and said please i am coming i have to piss. i told her
to be in mi mouth. she readily agreed and pissed her inside mi
mouth. and similarly i had to agree to her intention of pissing in
her mouth. we became two bodies and one soul and as we were awaken
we fucked again and again till monday when mi mother got an
appointment letter and in the guest house we enjoyed bi inviting all
the officers who helped us in doing this job but with one
precondition they all with fuck mi mom together . all the three
holes were used for that and i too celebrated this as jasn.

we came back home where mi nanny use to stay with mi little sister
and the joyous face of our told the entire story minus the fucking
portion. mi nanny went to her house and we three were left in the
house. now it was a problem for usa how to fuck as little sister use
to sleep with mom and i in next room. one day mi mom came to mi room
and asked for a fuck i agreed but the fear came true and mi little
sister not finding mother there came and saw all ther nazara. she
was shocked the only alternative left was to fuck he rin presence of
mi mother. i was fully naked when i went to her and asked her to
join the game. she unknowingly became our prey and when i opened her
i was fully excited that i am fucking mi mom as well as mi sister
together. mom promised her of better treat ment and better clothes
on ed and made her ready for fuck.

she was small girl and penetrating her pussy was no much easy but
her raw body and small boob nice small bits were impressive. her
hole was opened by me though she cried and mom consoled her and some
time mom will took mine dick in her hand and pushing it in her own
pussy and showing her that it is not so much painful only after u
can enjoy it . firstly it will pain but after that u will be hungry
of that. mi sister accomaodated me and took mi dick inside her pussy
though painful it was we three enjoyed the night like ed
celebrations. the bedsheet which covered the blood stains of mi
sister is still with me a memorable of fucking her and i kiss it now
and often. there after i became a practice of fucking together all
precautions were made that nobody sud get pregnent. the fuckings of
mom changed our house struacture and we were in new house with all
the facilities in the house i became officer in the same bank only
due to mothers gesture of offering everything to bank officers. mi
sister got married to a bank officer and me too got married but
whenever we are together we see the situation and fuck and session
continued........... i am now married with own grown up daughter and
fuck her regularly but how inb next part of programme. till then bye








