Felicity's Horny Holiday
by ken philips©


Please note that this is a work of fiction, and no resemblance to any person 
living or dead is intended.

Hi! My name is Felicity, but my friends call me Fi. I live in Sydney, Australia, 
and am 22 years of age. 

I am like a Kylie Minogue copy in many ways. I am only about 5 feet 2, and am a 
Size 8. My boobs are about 34c, & and my bottom is also about 34 – so I pack a 
fair bit of shape into my little frame. I have my left boob pierced – boy that 
hurt at the time, but I like it a lot now. I could pass for only 18 or 19 – I 
often get asked for my ID at clubs. 

I work for this really nice man, Ken, who is a prominent Finance Sector 
Executive in Sydney. Ken reckons he's the luckiest Exec in Sydney because he has 
the most gorgeous EA around. He's a happily married man though of some 20 years 
(his wife is also gorgeous), so although we tease each other a lot, & he tries 
to make our very busy job as much fun as possible, we never get it on. I would 
probably love him to get inside my panties one day, but as I say not to be. 

I have done some modelling & hostessing over the years, which I have really 
enjoyed. I like to think I am pretty good at it – I look great in a skimpy 
bikini. My aim is to get into some of the Men's magazines one day like FHM or 
Zoo Weekly. Once or twice I have done stuff a bit on the naughty side (like the 
time I was a hostess at the Australian Grand Prix car race), but not often. I do 
like to tell Ken about it though as a tease – it definitely turns him on.

Anyway, I want to tell you about my recent round the world holiday. Let's just 
say things went beyond a bit naughty this time, & as a special treat to Ken, I 
wanted to put it down for you all to read about.

I was planning on "getting it on" as part of the trip, as I have had two very 
disappointing relationships in the past two years with two services guys (a 
policeman & a firie), who both turned out to be deadshits. I really felt that I 
needed to let go, & rediscover some young guys as nice as my boss.

The first part of my trip was to catch up with my cousin, Sharon, who lives in 
London. We spent just over a fortnight together, including a weekend in Paris 
(we caught the Chunnel Train there Friday arvo & came back Sunday night). She 
took me to lots of places, & we did a fair bit of night clubbing both in London 
& Paris.

We met a number of cute guys in the clubs, and a bit happened – but the real 
story is yet to come. 

There was one nice dark guy I met - Jerome. He was big – about 185 cms but quite 
gentle, especially given he had the biggest dick I had seen in my life at about 
10 inches or so. He was quite romantic, & we had a great night together in 
Paris. We met in a nightclub, and with Sharon's blessing, we went off to have 
dinner together in the Hotel Restaurant & then back up to my room for some fun. 
He fucked me slowly, but deep. He didn't hurt me, though, he worked his big dick 
into me gently & carefully – a real lover!! We must have fucked about 4 times 
through the night. He slipped away in the early hours of the morning, before I 
could get a decent contact for him. Ah well, at least the memory will last! He 
was the first black guy I had been with - might have a bit more of that.

Anyway, he was the only guy I went with in London & Paris. I met and danced with 
several others in the night clubs, but none caught my eye enough (even with 
several drinks in me) to want to grab them to fuck me back at my Hotel or at the 
room I had at Sharon's apartment in St. John's Wood.

The bigger problem I had though with being with Sharon, & with London & Paris, 
was the money situation. We did quite a bit of clothes shopping, and eating out 
and stuff. My money rapidly disappeared, and I still had nearly two weeks to go 
in Copenhagen & Los Angeles (I had a round the world ticket for the month-long 
trip which meant I had to come back via the USA to Australia).

Why did I pick Copenhagen you ask? Especially given I would be visiting these 
two cities for about a week each on my own. I don't know, but looking back, 
maybe it was always in my mind that I would want to go to Copenhagen to check 
out its famous "after dark" delights, its jazz clubs & night clubs, & the 
world-renowned relaxed Danish attitude to sex. 

Maybe, secretly, with the bit of modelling & hostessing I had done back at home, 
there was a desire in me to try something more daring in a place far away from 
home where there would be no one who knows me to see me. 

As I said, the most daring I had previously got was a hostessing job I did in 
Melbourne a couple of years ago with one of my best friends (Amy, she's nearly 6 
foot tall & built like a goddess) at the Australian Grand Prix car race. Through 
an agency that Amy sometimes worked for (I knew she had did more naughty things 
previously than me), we agreed to a nude hostessing job in one of the Hotel 
Suites overlooking the race track to help pay for the trip to the race. The 
Suite had been booked out by some concrete company.

There were about 8 guys, and they were pretty drunk. We were booked for 3 hours 
to serve drinks and food for them wearing nothing but high heel boots and a cap. 
There was a big bodyguard from the Agency with us. It didn't involve any sex 
officially, but let's just say we got our boobs, bums and pussies well and truly 
worked over by all the groping hands all afternoon. I was a little bit shocked 
at first (looking back, I was a bit naïve to think otherwise), but it got to be 
quite a lot of fun which I ended up enjoying. 

I actually ended up getting quite horny and very wet down there as the afternoon 
wore on. So did Amy. As a big thank you to the boys for not going "over the 
line" with us, towards the end we let the boys finger our sopping wet pussies, 
and we also put on a little lesbian show of some kissing, boob sucking & mutual 
pussy fingering. It turned out to be a fun day that paid well. While it 
flickered a little flame down in my loins, until this trip I had never 
contemplated going back down that path.

I also have been quite comfy & loved playing with other pretty girls.

I arrived in Copenhagen fairly short of cash – certainly not enough to get me 
through Copenhagen & L.A. without calling on some help from mum and dad. I did 
have the Citywide pass which got you to about 40 places plus I had heard of a 
website called "Copenhagen After Dark". I originally planned to use it to find 
some nightclubs to dance in. I hadn't looked at it previously, so when I did I 
soon realised it was not what I thought it was – instead, it was full of 
contacts for nightclubs which were topless and nude strip clubs, escorts, gay 
and lesbian clubs, saunas which read like glorified brothels, and so on.

The first day in Copenhagen I did the usual tourist-y things. That night, 
though, I surfed the "After Dark" site, and a new idea came over me. I thought 
that perhaps I could work for a few days in Copenhagen on the sly, and get 
together some cash to pay for the rest of the trip. No one would know me, & I 
could be a bit naughty.

I dressed in some of my slutty Nightclub gear – a short shift "bubble" dress 
that shows off my cleavage really well and also only just covers my bum. I put 
on stockings and a little g-string brief underneath together with knee high 
boots to finish. I skipped my bra, and let my boobs sit freely in the dress. 

Ready to thrill, I called in early that evening to a place called the Doll House 
Night Club which I had identified from the website, and asked to see the 
Manager. Thankfully, Sven spoke good English, because my Danish was very 
limited. I explained my situation, and that I was looking for just 3 or 4 days 
work to rebuild my cash reserves.

He took me into his back office behind the bar. We were alone – I guess I knew 
what was coming next as I had faced the same in Australia with some of the 
modelling work I have done. He asked me to do a short strip for him in the 
Office, making sure to take off all my clothes so he could inspect me for any 
flaws, piercings, tattoos, etc – the usual drill. He had no problem with my 
pierced left boob.

I am a very good dancer, & I made the strip as sensuous as I could. I had 
decided I really wanted to do it, so I got a bit more daring once I had removed 
my bubble dress & g-string. I gradually began to rub myself up, getting very 
horny. Before I knew it, in front of this stranger, I had lowered myself onto 
the floor with my legs wide open – and three of my fingers shoved up inside my 
sopping wet pussy working my clit and insides as hard as I could go. I was in 
ecstacy. 

Sven pulled out his engorged cock – it was about a solid 7", and was openly 
wanking himself watching me. I was clearly making a good impression. To finish 
off and score the job, as well as score myself a much needed good fucking, I 
quickly grabbed the opportunity. I got up off the floor and lowered myself onto 
his big cock as he sat in his chair. I rode him hard and vigorously. It didn't 
take long at all, and he burst his cum into me just as I was having an enormous 
second orgasm myself. It was a real good "quickie".

Needless to say I got the job. At the Doll House, I would earn about 1,000 Euros 
or more per night depending on how many private lap dances I did. That sounded 
real good. But then he went on. 

He was also associated with a private members only club, "The Red Club", which 
was much more daring, but where I could make serious money over 3 or 4 nights. 
When he said it, I knew it meant being a prostitute. I thought about it for only 
a few seconds. Again, it's the other side of the world, I was feeling up for 
naughty things, so why not? I said it sounded interesting, "what did it 
involve?"

Sven said it was like an upmarket strip club, except all the girls not only 
stripped and did lap shows – they fucked the clients in the club, both onstage 
and in the private booths. To work in the club you had to be beautiful model 
material – he said I definitely made it on that score and that he knew the 
moment I jumped on his cock that I was up to working in the private club. He 
said I could expect to make 2,500-3,000 Euro per night, and even more if I was 
prepared to do some very naughty, dirty things! My pussy tingled at the thought.

He said he would drive me over to start tonight, and introduce me to the 
Manageress, Anna-Freid, who was herself a former dancer who still occasionally, 
in her late 30s, kept her hand in for special clients.

The Red Club was in a quiet part of the city, down a small alley in one of the 
older buildings with only a small single door to mark the entrance. It only took 
a few minutes to get there. I am pretty good with my street awareness, and 
worked out it was only about 10-15 minutes brisk walk from my hotel.

He called ahead and spoke to Anna-Freid on the handsfree mobile (which meant I 
heard the conversation). Although it was in Danish, I worked out that he had 
told her I was cute and very hot, but only here for a few days and out to make 
some good money fast. Anna-Freid replied they were down a couple of girls at 
present with flu, and my presence would fill the gap very well. She would give 
me a go.

Anna-Freid was a stunning, voluptuous woman. Her boobs must have been 37D's, 
probably enhanced as they seemed very firm for a lady in her late 30s. She 
clearly did a lot of gym work or exercise, as she had great muscle tone all 
over. She would have weighted perhaps 60 kg, and towered over me at about 180 
cms. Like me, she had platinum blonde hair. She had a great tight, but 
businesswoman-like, suit on.

Sven left me with Anna-Freid after a short introductory conversation. She took 
me to the change room for the girls, which was to the side of the stage towards 
the back of the club which was surprisingly roomy for a venue in old building. 
It was already about 7.30 pm by then, and there were about 8 girls – all 
beautiful and stunning, getting dressed, doing hair and make-up, putting on 
pumps, etc.

Anna-Freid introduced me to them – there was Carmen, Milla, Cilla, Anastacia, 
Sophie, Claudia, Martine, and Johanne. She said as it was Tuesday night, it 
shouldn't be hugely busy, and that she would only call in any more girls if an 
unexpectedly large group came in. She indicated the club had an arrangement with 
one of the city's escort services – Escorts Hollywood – to provide quality girls 
at short notice if there was a rush.

I immediately noticed that the club certainly was more daring than your usual 
strip club when I looked around the room at the girls' "outfits". They seemed to 
be all wearing outfits that left very little to the imagination. A couple of 
girls were in very small "Wicked Weasel" g-string bikinis with tiny tops 
(clearly they were shaved or trimmed, or you would have seen pubic hair bursting 
out everywhere), and a couple were in leather corset outfits with little 
g-strings that had cutouts where your boobs went – that's right, they had their 
titties already on full display. The other two were in one-piece swimmers that 
were just a string at the back, and had to be carefully manoeuvred at the front 
to just cover the nipples leaving most of their boobs on display. Again, you 
have to shave or trim to wear them.

Anna-Freid asked if I had a preference as she went over to the wardrobe – I went 
for the Wicked Weasels. She pulled out a pretty green pair with the tiniest 
g-string bikini pants shaped in a "V". It really complemented my blonde hair and 
suntanned skin (I regularly go to a tanning centre back home, and have an ALL 
OVER tan as I do it in the nude – it really turned Ken on the day I told him; he 
was shocked girls stripped naked in those tanning centres. Guys are sometimes 
very innocent).

I slipped the bikini on, Anna-Freid said to keep the knee high boots on as they 
went well with it. She noticed that even though I have a trimmed "runway", some 
pussy hairs were peeking out over the top and to the side of the bikini bottom. 
She said they would have to go. She got out a set of mini, battery powered 
clippers, sat me down on the dressing table, and got to work. She got me to pull 
the bikini pants down a little first while she trimmed the top of my runway, 
then she got me to pull it across exposing my slit both ways, while she trimmed 
the sides. Anna-Freid could clearly see that my pussy was already wet – she 
gently touched it with her fingers after finishing the shaving, giving me a real 
tingle. "Just checking for any stray hairs", she said. "Sure thing", I thought, 
hoping she would go further and slip in a finger into my wet fuckhole. She 
didn't though, she was only teasing (or was it testing?) me.

As the other girls filed out of the change room to start work for the evening, 
Anna-Freid then asked me to wait back for a bit while she went on to explain 
more about "the Red Club" to me.

The club was open 7 nights per week from around 7.30 pm till the last member 
left which was usually 1-2 am during the week, but as late as 5 am on weekends. 
It was not open to the public though. You have to either be a member, be 
accompanied by a member (a member can bring up to 3 friends with them at a 
time), or be on the nomination list to become a member (can't bring a friend if 
a nominee). 

You can only join on the majority vote of the other members, but she added they 
only had knocked back about 3 or 4 applications over the years from people with 
jail records or other unsavoury characters.

Membership was not cheap – equivalent to about 10,000 Euro per year, so all the 
members tended to be businessmen, finance sector types, top bureaucrats, judges, 
politicians, etc. Members were expected to visit the club at least once a month 
(you could have your membership cancelled if you didn't use it enough – that had 
happened a few times), and all accounts were settled at the end of each month. 
It seemed to me that in how the place operated, it was not unlike the old-style 
"Gentleman's Clubs".

The club included a full restaurant service which Anna-Freid advised me the 
girls provided the table service for. The restaurant tables were arranged around 
the stage in the centre of the room, and the bar at the back. Anna-Freid showed 
me the private booths to the left of the entrance the opposite side of the 
restaurant section and stage. All the booths were quite small, but large enough 
to hold a queen size bed, a little side table and enough floor space to do a 
private show. Finally, down the corridor were bathroom facilities, showers, 
etc., for the members to use after they had been "serviced".

She said the club was just like Sven had said – like an upmarket strip club in 
how it operated except it was a "full service" club as she put it. She indicated 
all the members were gentlemen, and respected any girls who had a limit. That 
bit worried me a little at first – "what do you mean by that?"

Anna-Freid said, "In here, honey, as in Denmark generally, nothing is taboo. It 
is entirely a matter for the members and the girl or girls. We work on trust for 
the member and girl to agree on the services formally provided, and that is 
charged to the members' monthly account. The girls receive half of the fee – we 
take the rest for managing the club. Of course, if the girl is happy to provide 
some personal "extras" for the member, she can arrange directly with him and 
take the cash on the night". 

She gave me a schedule of service fees – it started with a 30 minute stripper 
service and progressed through full kissing, hand jobs, oral sex (both ways), 
full sex, anal sex, 2 girls, and "specials".

The two that jumped out at me were anal sex and "specials". I had taken cocks a 
few times before in my life up my bum, each time enjoying it more as I got more 
experienced, but still it was a bit of a shock to see it set out so explicitly 
on the schedule of services. "What were Specials?" I asked.

Anna-Freid said "This was a "catch-all" to cover things like hot wax candle 
shows, fruit and vege shows, pissing, nipple clamps and other consensual BDSM 
type games, and other daring things girls might agree to if requested". She 
added the specials area was where some girls made really serious money as the 
house took a standard fee for this, but the final price for such services was 
always a direct negotiation between the member and the girl. After the list she 
said, I pondered what else could she be talking about when she said "other 
daring things"?

Anna-Freid then went on to explain that I would be asked to go on stage each 
night at least twice. The other girls all did likewise. Each stage show was to 
take about 15-20 minutes, with the aim of 3 per hour. On a Friday night through 
to 5 am, that could mean up to 27 or so stage shows. She then dropped a clanger 
to me I wasn't expecting – "you have to pick a guy each time to fuck on stage in 
that 15 or so minutes, unless I have asked you to do a lesbian show in which 
case we require the full thing – not fake".

She added members weren't charged for this – the stage shows were about 
"shopping our talents for the members to see and help them then choose their 
partner or partners for the evening".

"Okay", she said. "Are you still ready and willing to do it? We will pay a base 
rate of $2,000 Euro per night at a minimum. If you see enough members, and are 
willing enough, you could make much more."

"Oh! Yes", I replied. "This place sounds just wild, and will enable to be 
naughty and make money at the same time. I knew Copenhagen was out there, but 
wow this is something else".

"Excellent!" said Anna-Freid. "You can be first on stage tonight – in 15 minutes 
at 8 pm. Our DJ, Horst, will introduce you. You better pop over for a minute 
with him and make sure you have some familiar songs to dance to. Sven tells me 
you are quite a dancer! After that, I suggest you do a little table waiting with 
the restaurant tables so you can get an idea of who is here tonight and pick out 
a nice guy to fuck on stage in front of all of us. Oh, I almost forgot – the 
condoms are in a box to the left just before you step out on stage. Always play 
safe and use them. That's our policy here".

My head was spinning and my pussy burning and getting wet. What had I got myself 
into?

To be continued...




