From "Revenge is Best Served Cold" - inspired by this statement by Grissom:

"Well ... poker's not a game of interaction. It's a game of observation. I used to study people. And then I guess I, uh ... got bored. Now I study evidence." 

#

I couldn't believe what I saw when it happened. I just plastered on my own game face, made sure all my tells were well hidden, and continued the conversation.

But Grissom had just lied to me. Instead of looking straight at me when he told me that he used to study people--until he got bored--his gaze slid to the left. A tell as bright as the ever-opening blossom of the Flamingo that he was lying.

He hadn't gotten bored with studying people.

He'd been hurt.

And I was going to find out by whom.

#

I hadn't meant to tell Nick.

He'd just been going on and fucking on about some cousin of his whose life had gone from shitty to worse and who'd started swearing that she was never going to trust men again and Nick saying that of course she would, cause if she didn't she was awfully stupid.

It felt to me like he was calling Grissom stupid. Now, the man may be socially inept on occasion, hell, even clueless, but he was far from stupid.

So I tore into Nick, telling him that maybe sometimes you got hurt so bad you couldn't come out of your shell. Liked shocked in the balls with a cattle prod bad. So bad that you couldn't feel safe, couldn't ever trust again.

And Nick kept talking shit about how that was just stupid, how you had to just give people another chance. He's the eternal optimist, you know? So I told him it wasn't always an option and he demanded an example.

I don't know why I told him about Grissom--might have been because we'd switched from beer to whisky a while earlier. Might have been because sometimes that boy needed some growing up. But I told him about Grissom's lie, and how I'd started watching and the things I'd noticed, other indications that it wasn't always Grissom lacking social graces as much as he locked down his emotions tighter than a nervous virgin's ass.

Of course, the first thing Nick did was put the old white hat on. Saying that we had to help him. That we owed it to him.

I'd already planned on helping Gris, on finding out who had done this to him. Maybe enacting a little revenge--I still knew plenty of people who owed me.

Nick was all over that. I mean, I know from vicious, but mix it with an overactive, good ol' boy imagination who'd spent a few years hazing plebs at a frat house, and damn. Fucking lethal.

He wanted to do something more though. Help Gris out of his shell. Set him up or something.

I told him that a pity fuck wouldn't help. Would probably hurt. He just got quiet, then started talking about this other cousin and his bum knee and how Nick had proved that a tincture that his great-grand something or another had invented was actually helping it by relieving the endemic swelling.

I knew he hadn't forgotten. Wouldn't forget. But I wasn't sure where he'd go with the information.

#

I was seated at the table in the break room, not looking at the scores of the games from the weekend, when Nick came in for fresh coffee. No one else was there, so he walked over, leaned against the table next to me, and asked in a low voice, "How's the search going?"

Didn't take a brain surgeon to know what Nick was talking about.

"Still looking." And I was. Trying to find out who Gil had been hustling. Where he'd played. What back rooms still remembered him.

At first, it had felt like I was invading Gil's privacy. Somewhere along the line, though, it had changed. I was looking out for him, watching his back, whether he knew it or not.

Along about that time I stopped calling him Grissom in my head.

Nick checked in on my progress every two or three days. I don't know why it didn't piss me off, but it didn't. It was like a case where I was lead investigator. He wasn't checking up on me--it was obvious that he trusted me to do the job. And for once, he wasn't competing with me. He was, I don't know, supporting me maybe.

"So, are you thinking it was a he? Or a she?"

There was no way in hell that a white boy from Texas was asking me that kind of question. Or that he was going to get a straight, or even slightly bent, answer. I'd learned that Gil played both sides of the field, could be a goddamn predator when he felt like it. But there were also times when Gil could miss a pass by thirty yards, even if the person was standing right in front of him, while Nick generally walked around as if he had fucking blinders on, as well as special glasses that only let him see what ever the hell he wanted to see.

"It's Grissom, man. What do you think?" I told him.

"Just keeping an open mind."

"What the hell does that mean?"

"The man isn't asexual. He looks. A lot."

Uh-uh. This was not going where ever Nick thought it was going.

"Why, you seen him checking you out?"

Nick leaned right down into my personal space then. Got as close as he could and still have skin not touching skin. Close enough to feel his breath, a slow wash of warmth pooling on my neck, cooling, then pooling again. I didn't know what his game was, but I stayed still while the heat spread across my skin, down to my gut, and up my dick.

"Not just me, dude."

Though the words were whispered, they still vibrated against my skin, sending ripples down my chest. My fucking nipples even peaked up.

"You interested?" I whispered back.

I didn't know if I was asking for Grissom--or myself.

"Are you?" was all the reply I got.

There was no way in hell that I was going to answer that either.

Then he licked me. Just a touch of his tongue, barely a taste, just below the ear. So fast I could probably have talked myself into believing that I'd imagined it.

But Nick's smug expression as he slid off the table and slinked toward the door, well, I couldn't just ignore that.

"What the fuck you doing?"

Nick just raised his coffee cup to me, smirked, and said in a challenging tone, "Game on, bro." Then he walked out.

"Game on" my ass.

While I was no longer a betting man, I wasn't about to back down from a challenge. And from where I was sitting, the echo of a gauntlet hitting the floor was still ringing, loud and clear.

#

So we began. I didn't let myself think about where it was going. Where Nick wanted to take this. And what the hell it had to do with Grissom.

Knew it was my turn next. Kept it cool. Didn't want him to know when I was making my move. Kept is simple as well. Didn't crowd him. Didn't say anything. Just waited until we were alone, then turned a simple pat on the back into a nice handful of ass.

Took two days for him to come back. He was handing me a file, stopped with his one hand raised, then brought the other up. He ran his palm all the way across my chest, from collarbone, across pecs and nipples, to my side, then trailed his fingers down the bare inside of my forearm, before bringing up my hand and gently placing the folder in it. My breathing shouldn't have hitched up from such a touch, but it did.

I waited for retaliation until our next staff meeting. Sat across the table from him and just stared. Gave him a good eye-fucking. Let my gaze heat up and wander from his lips to his eyes to his chest where I thought I saw his nipples already standing at attention and back again. Never seen a boy blush so. He wouldn't look at me afterward, and I'd wondered if I'd scared his white Texas ass off, if I'd pushed too hard, done too much in too public a place.

He found me the next day in the locker room. While I was taking my T-shirt off, and my arms were tangled up in the sleeves over my head, he came up behind me. Full body press, the sudden heat sending chills all over my skin. He brought his other hand around quickly, slipped it across my stomach. I couldn't help it. I gasped. After a slow caress, he raised his hand up and tweaked my left nipple.

Then he was gone, whistling as he walked out, air replacing where all that lovely skin had been, my dick harder than it had any right to be, practically aching after such little contact.

We spent almost a month at this, furtive touches and standing too close and hot breath on skin and looks that should have set off the smoke alarms. Nick played like a master though, turning the game on and off like it was some kind of goddamn switch. There were a hell of a lot of times when we were together just as friends, colleagues, like before. We went out a few times for food, both with and without the others, without touching, without the game. It took me a while to realize that we had this insulating layer already built up, a buffer between us and the sex that was going to happen soon if I had my say, and that the game wasn't going to melt it. That we could do this, have something outside of work, something more, without killing everything else.

It got me thinking that maybe Nick was a little bit smarter than he looked. Not that I'd ever tell him that.

He finally invited me over on a Saturday for football and some beer--a casual thing, no one listening to us would have guessed that anything other than the usual was going on. But I knew. We were going to run the game to completion.

About fucking time.

Nick didn't even pretend when I got there. Grabbed the six-pack I handed him and dropped in on a table just inside the front door. Grabbed my shirt with his other hand and started searching for my tonsils with his tongue. Shoved me back against the door and covered me from head to toe in hot, bucking Texan.

It was just about the best way ever to be welcomed into someone's home, you know?

I finally had my hands full of that sweet ass of his, pulling him closer, pushing up against him as well. I'd imagined this, beaten off to it, more than once. The pair of us, up against a wall, or laying together on a couch, or under a hot shower, or maybe even making it to a bed, just rubbing up against one another, finding that groove and figuring out how we fit together, learning once again how much better it could be with two dicks instead of one.

The reality was just as hot as my dreams, with Nick moaning through his kisses and all that muscle pressed up against me, even though there wasn't enough friction through these damn clothes. I wanted to say something, but I couldn't pull back enough to separate--there was no place for me to go. Nick wasn't pulling back either. He kept diving down after me, lips demanding and teeth clicking and that good burn along my jaw from his stubble. His hands gripped my hips and ran down my flanks and back again, fingers searing a trail through my jeans.

Nick seemed to finally catch the same idea I had--less clothes equaled more skin equaled an even better time. He pinned my hips with his hands and pushed himself back, staring at me with eyes grown black with lust and need.

"Bed. Now," he growled at me.

While I tend to top whoever I'm with, my dick seemed to like caveman-Nicky. A lot.

Didn't mean I wasn't going to give it up that easily though. It was time for some payback.

I grabbed the bottom of his shirt and tugged it up, waiting until his arms were above his head and tangled in it, then I latched onto a nipple and started pushing us backwards. Nick struggled to shuck off his shirt but still walked with me as I got us both aimed in the direction of a nice, comfortable, horizontal surface.

When Nick got his hands free and reached down to pull my face back up toward his, I let my hands drift up as well, purposefully trying for the lightest touch possible. I grinned when he squeaked and pulled away from me.

He was ticklish. And he was going down.

My shirt landed on the floor before he could start any kind of retaliation. Then we both landed on the bed, half naked and laughing, Nick calling me a bastard and me just telling him that he loved it.

And I think he did. That we were running the gambit, from friend to competitor to lover and back through all the stages in between in the time it took to walk a few steps.

Truth be told--I loved it too.

It took some more wrestling before I managed to get to the full monty. And while I have nothing to be ashamed of in the equipment department, neither does Nick. I just lay there on my side in the dry coolness of the afternoon, the covers pushed off onto the floor and the quiet ticking of a clock over his tallboy dresser when Nick finally stood up to shuck off his pants. Then he turned back towards me, lightly stroking himself, and all I could think of was how beautiful he was.

Course that moment only lasted about two seconds. Then it was time to get back to business.

He dove back onto the bed but I was ready for him, got my legs around his and rolled us so I was on top. He only struggled for a short while--I employed every dirty trick I knew, pressing down on him, rubbing against him, tweaking his nipples with one hand while holding his head still with the other and kissing the brains out of him. Eventually he got with the program, grabbed my ass, pulled, and we started moving against each other.

Frottage is the fancy French word for it--but that's not what we were doing. We were rutting. Hard and fast.

Nick came first. I'd thought he was beautiful before, but damn. He threw his head back and squeezed his eyes tight and his fingers dug into my butt and all the muscles in his chest seized up and he uttered something between a shout and a groan as a slick warmth coated my stomach. It only took me a few more thrusts against that overheated and slippery surface before I followed him over the edge, my vision going white, then black, then muzzy and dim.

I hadn't realized I'd collapsed on Nick until I came back up to the surface and found him pressing soft kisses along my jaw line.

I nearly groaned when I pushed myself up. There had been far too many short nights and not nearly enough play recently. "Too heavy for you?"

"Naw. I'm a big boy. I can handle it," he said with a lazy smile and a slight tug. I collapsed again, this time purposefully hard, pleased with the whoosh of air I forced him.

"On second thought . . . "

"You having second thoughts?" It was a stupid question, worthy of a teenage kid, not a grown man. I should know better than to open my mouth after I come. Whatever filter generally lies between my mouth and my brain seems to disintegrate during sex. At least I managed to keep my tone light, trying to be cool with whatever answer Nick gave. I pushed myself back up so I could see him, look again at his dark eyes this close, hoping it wasn't for the last time.

Nick gave me a huge grin, the kind that always seemed to light up whatever room he was in. "Not one. Glad you're here. You?"

"Oh yeah. Even if it appears I'm sleeping in the wet spot right now," I replied, grinning myself as a great relief loosened my chest. I rolled my hips once for emphasis. It was too soon for either of us to be too interested, but I also knew it wouldn't take that long. Again, too many nights with only one-handed relief.

"Hey--you're sleeping on the wet spot right now. Which appears to be me."

I chuckled and rolled to the side, bringing Nick with me. With one hand I stroked his cheek. I grabbed his hand with the other, tangled our fingers together.

"So . . . " I started. What the hell did I say now? What did we do from here?

But Nick was already right there, ready for me. "Think the game's started?"

"Maybe the pre-game."

"Come on," he said, sitting up but still holding my hand. "Let's get cleaned up and go see."

Cleaning up was a little different with Nick there to wash my back. Wouldn't let him touch the hair though. Did let him push me against the wall, wrap a slick hand around both our cocks, and jerk us both off, slowly, while exchanging hot kisses and hotter looks under the cooling water. I knew that the next time he was showering at the lab I was going to remind him of this.

The game was still on, no longer pre-season, but the real show.

#

It was a couple of weeks before Nick put all the pieces together for me. I still think he was kind of hoping I'd work it out for myself, because Nick and I didn't do that much talking. I mean, we're guys, you know?

The afternoon had started well--Nick and I, watching the game, goofing around and giving each other shit and pushing at each other until I ended up jerking Nick off and Nick blew me.

Of course, then I had to open my big mouth.

"Nice end game, Nicky."

I didn't expect him to go completely cold. I don't know where that Texas boy learned to freeze a body with just a glance, but he had a glare that could put even my Grams to shame.

Now, I like talking about relationship shit as much as the next guy, which is, not at all. But I had to fix this, if I could. After another hour or so of the original iceman sitting next to me, I finally had to ask, "What the hell's the matter with you?"

Smooth move Brown. All that earned me was another glare, and if possible, the temperature dropped another ten degrees.

I think I held out for another five minutes, max. "What the fuck did I say?" I asked after I couldn't stand it any more. "Look man, I'm sorry, for what ever it was. I didn't mean to fuck up the game."

That finally got me a response.

"Is that all this is to you? A game?"

"What the hell am I supposed to think it is, Nick?" Now I was getting pissed off. It wasn't as if we'd ever talked about it.

"You know me, man. You know I don't fuck around."

That brought me up short.

Nick, like me, was a champion first-dater. We'd never compared scores, but I'm sure, that like me, his number of first dates would have reached the hundreds. Maybe even the thousands.

But, unlike me, a first date with him didn't equal sex. Nor did a second. Nick was very choosey about who he slept with, particularly after that hooker. He was a true ladies' man, a man who appreciated the female form, went out a lot, and treated women with respect.

Yet here we were, sleeping together on a regular basis--at least as regularly as our schedules allowed. Which meant that this was more than a game to Nick. This was something serious.

Did I want something serious with Nick? With exclusivity and all the binding ties that went with that kind of thing?

I guess I was too quiet for too long, because Nick got up off the couch with a quiet, "Just forget about it." He started clearing beer bottles off the low table in front of the couch.

"Hang on here, man."

That got me a look, but Nick didn't stop picking up bottles, then carrying them out to the trash in the kitchen.

"Would you just come out here and sit down a minute?"

Nick came back out and with a huff, sat down on the far end of the couch, landing as far away from me as he could. Drama queen I thought, though I didn't say it out loud.

"Look, I'm sorry. I just didn't think things through, you know?"

"And now that you have, you don't want it. Fine." Nick made as if to get up again.

I didn't know I could move so quickly, but I managed to shoot across the couch and grab Nick's arm before he could escape.

"I didn't say that. Just give me a chance, will you? It's a lot to think about."

Nick was trembling. I pulled him toward me, hooked an arm around him, got him to put his head on my shoulder. He wasn't resisting me, but he moved stiffly, as if all that ice he'd been showing before hadn't yet melted.

"Nick . . . " I sighed. Started again. "I'm not good with relationships. They always seem to, I don't know, burn out. Lose that spark. You know?"

To my surprise, Nick nodded, and placed his hand on my thigh, fingers tracing the inside seam. "I know. But that's why, ah shit." Nick started chuckling quietly.

"That's why what?" I asked, suddenly happy as Nick relaxed more and swung one leg over mine. We didn't cuddle much--Nick liked to more than I did. But right now, holding him, knowing that I hadn't completely fucked us up, was like winning the biggest jackpot known to Vegas.

"I don't know why I thought I was so good at this relationship stuff. Cause while I have plans, and I've thought all this through, I don't think I ever bothered to share any of it."

After another quiet, self-deprecating chuckle, Nick looked up and kissed me, soft and so sweet it was like condensed honey pouring through my soul.

"How did all this start?" he asked, his hand waving between me and him.

"With Gil. And Ted." I'd finally found out who'd hurt Gil so much, who had taken the heart freely given to him then shred it, stomped on it, kicked it around some more before finally burning it.

Fortunately for him, he was already dead. But he'd used Gil in every way possible, not just his body but his mind, using Gil's knowledge to obscure evidence at his crime scenes. The man had been brilliant, Gil's intellectual equal. So Gil hadn't seen it, hadn't known about any of Ted's extracurricular activities, until too late.

"And what happened next?"

"You started this," I said, using the same waving motion between us that he had. I still didn't know what to call it, this thing between us. We were still going to need to talk about it.

"Why?"

"Hell if I know man." Before he could object I drew his lips back to mine for another syrup-slow kiss. "I'm just glad you did," I said as I pulled back.

Nick seemed stuck for words for a moment. I made to kiss him again, but he put a hand on my chest and pushed back before I could.

"Warrick--you like Gil, right?"

I nodded. "Yeap. He's a good man. Gave me a chance when everyone else had turned their back on me. Hell, gave me more than one chance."

"And a regular relationship, between two people, has never been enough for you either, right?"

"You got it." Sooner or later, I'd always start looking. I figured it was part of the gambler's high, always searching for the next big score. Just how I was wired.

"So, you like Gil, I like Gil, and we both agree that he needs to be in some kind of a relationship, and since the two of us probably aren't going to be enough for each other . . . "

He trailed off. And I didn't have a damn thing to say.

Nick. Gil. And me.

"You're serious."

"As a heart attack."

"Damn. Nicholas Stokes, you are one kinky bastard." He let me kiss him again then, encouraged the heat to come back in. While I knew Nick would let me make up my own mind, I also knew he wasn't above trying to influence my decision with more blow jobs.

"Think about it," he said, his voice whisky smooth and sex rough. "Always a variety. Sometimes me, sometimes Gil, sometimes both. Two men sandwiching you in, exploring . . . " He kissed along my neck, suckling skin, his hands starting to map out my chest, grazing nipples and ribs. "Me behind you, fucking that fine ass of yours while Gil sucks you off, using all that skill he's sure to have . . . "

I groaned, the images filling my head. Nick on his hands and knees, taking it from both of us. Being manhandled by two men, wrestling for control and being forced to give in, in the best possible way. Serious arguments about everything from the perfect starting lineup to the latest baseball strike to whether fat-free milk was actually milk or just white water. Spending time with Gil, alone, over chess or talking music. Still shooting the shit with Nick.

When Nick let go of my mouth long enough for me to talk again, I asked, "So how do you plan on bringing him into this?" I still didn't know what to call it, but I was starting to think I could get behind something long term.

"What, you doubting my skills?"

"I'm just saying, Gil's going to be a tough nut to crack open. He was hurt so badly, used."

Nick just grinned. "Just you wait."

Then he went about convincing me that if Gil would let Nick demonstrate that talented mouth of his just once, Gil would be in, hook, line and sinker.

#

The next few weeks were, well, interesting. As in the Chinese curse form of the word. I knew Nick was interested in me, that Nick was willing to go for broke when it came to us. But it was hard at first to see him working on Gil. To see Gil not notice, or outright reject him, then have Nick turn to me all desperate and shaking with need and then not to feel used. We had some fights then, some real doozies. But it kind of cleared the air, forced us to talk, to declare that we had feelings for each other without sounding like some cheap romance novel.

And the makeup sex was pretty phenomenal.

It took a while for Gil to start coming around. Nick was playing the game like before, like he had with me, hot and cold around Gil, letting him see that there was both, that he could have both, have it all. I played a little too, but I don't think Gil saw. He was so fixated on Nick. And yeah, that's what some of the arguments came down to, that Gil only wanted Nick and not me as well.

Nick accused me of being insecure and blind, then spent the next three days pointing out every time Gil looked at me like that.

It became the catch phrase between us--"Like that."

Nick pouring Gil's coffee for him, then asking in that sex-twang voice of his, "Sugar? Cream?" No one should be able to put that much innuendo into two words, but he could. Standing too close to Gil at a crime scene, looking over his shoulder at the note pad he held, hands hidden and surely busy. Ants in amber honey appearing in the break room, the sly smile that Gil indulged in when he saw them and didn't realize anyone was looking. Nick insisting on feeding one of the golden treats to Gil, then sucking at and licking his fingers afterwards.

Yeah. Like that.

We both spent more time outside of work with Gil, the pair of us going to hear trios that I liked while Nick and Gil went to some spring-training camp games.

The end came sooner than either Nick or I were planning.

We'd invited Gil over to watch a game. It hadn't taken too much snooping to find Gil's preferred brand of scotch. Nick had also discovered some sipping tequila that he liked. We hadn't planned on getting so drunk together, it just seemed to happen, Gil in the middle, me on the left, Nick on the right. Sometime during the second half, we'd started a drinking game, that by the end of the game had degenerated into some kind of twisted relationship "Truth-or-Dare"--except that we were always taking truth.

Nick had told of losing a bet and having to strip while standing on the bar at Oil Can Harry's, one of the gay bars in town. I'd talked about my disastrous run with the male flight attendant who'd had a foot-fetish and how cranberry-orange was not a color a black man should wear on his toes. Gil had admitted to a pretty scandalous three way with a set of twins, only slipping on the pronouns once toward the end of the story, which let us know that they hadn't both been women. Now, it was Nick's turn again.

"Come on Gil, ask me about anything," Nick had challenged. "Anything at all."

Gil turned to him and said, "That wouldn't be wise."

"You know you want to," I added, challenging.

Gil nodded for a second, quiet. Then he asked in a mild and deceptively calm voice, "Why are you making passes at me when you're already involved with Warrick?"

Damn, but that man could cut through the bullshit sometimes. And how had he known? We'd kept it quiet at work, even with the game and all.

"We're interested in you," Nick replied, just as honest, turning now to face Gil, stretching out his arm and letting his hand rest along the back of the couch. If he moved just a little, he could touch Gil. I know he wanted to, was itching to, just as I was. Wanted to grasp and hold and stroke and taste--Nick had pointed out to me how Gil always smelled of himself, something warm and tangy, like oranges plucked fresh from a tree. I'd longed for a taste, any kind of taste, since then.

"Why? Am I some kind of project?" Gil asked, a rasp of anger rising.

"Do you think we're interested in a pity fuck?" Nick shot back. I wasn't sure if that was the right tactic--I didn't want to make Gil any more pissed off than he already sounded. Yet, we'd both learned it was the only way to handle Gil. You had to stand up for yourself, or he'd bulldoze over you.

"But . . . why?" And now Gil sounded lost, probably looked lost, too, if the sad expression on Nick's face was anything to go by. But Nick kept his tone light and replied, "You know the sexiest part of a body is the brain, right?"

I scooted up a little closer to Gil's back, not close enough to touch, but close enough that he'd know I was there too.

"And you're super endowed in that department," I added, using a rough whisper, bending toward his ear.

Gil put a hand on my leg, stopping me from coming closer. That he'd touched me at all surprised me, because he was still facing Nick, watching Nick.

"While I appreciate the offer, I have preferences, peculiarities, that you might find distasteful."

I'd learned about some of Gil's preferences while I'd been searching for Ted. I'd told Nick about them, a bit worried. When he'd asked to be tied up the next morning, I'd thought he was joking. We didn't end up using anything, just self-restraint. I made Nick hold his arms above his head, didn't let him touch me when I went at him, knees up to his ears while I pounded into him and his eyes just about ate me alive, kiln-hot desire reshaping my bones. It was a bigger turn on than I'd wanted to admit, having that much power, that much control.

Then when we'd turned it around, when I learned that I did trust Nick that much, well, there was no going back after that.

"Games are good and fine, Gil. Role playing's always fun." Inch by inch Nick moved his hand from the back of the couch toward Gil, touching down with a fingertip, then two, sweeping the softest circles on Gil's shoulder.

"I don't want just an inning," Gil stated, finally turning to look at me, blue eyes gazing at me intently.

"Long haul, man," I replied.

"All the way," Nick affirmed.

Gil searched my face for another moment. I suddenly figured out why he'd been watching Nick during this--that boy couldn't bluff to save his skin. And while Gil probably knew all my tells, he'd needed to be certain.

With a little nod, he said, "Okay."

"Okay?" Nick asked, a little incredulous.

I couldn't reply, as Gil had suddenly closed on me, kissing me with a firmness and power I hadn't expected. I mean, I knew that the man had some experience, but not recently. Guess he hadn't forgotten anything though, the way his mouth possessed mine, the way his tongue demanded entrance, the way my insides just seemed to melt and my bones liquefied.

There were three hands on me, one on my hip stroking along the top of my thigh, another holding my head still, locking me in place, and a third just gripping my bicep, grounding me and holding me together as the onslaught of Gil Grissom with his heat on washed over me.

I was panting like I'd just been chasing the scent dogs for a mile before he finally pulled back.

With a cryptic, "Yes," Gil turned away from me and applied the same treatment to Nick. Now, I've never been much of a voyeur, always preferred to get my own shit on, but those two looked hot together. I grabbed one of Nick's hands and admired Gil's skill. I mean, he managed, with only a kiss and some mild groping, to make Nick start that low groaning which meant he had better be getting his end away soon or else.

Nick had a definite dazed look in his eye when Gil pulled away. I wasn't going to give him shit about it though--I imagined I'd probably had the same look just a few moments before. But Nick still had more coordination than I gave him credit for. He wrenched off his shirt and pulled Gil down to his chest, gasping when Gil attached himself to a nipple, then pulled at me until we were kissing.

It was--weird. Tasting Gil on Nick's lips, that warm tang that so well complimented Nick's own inherent sweetness. But I wasn't about to stop and complain, particularly when whatever Gil was doing to Nick was making him desperate, needy--just opening all the way up, moaning while I tongue-fucked his mouth.

When I pulled back I found that Gil had already unbuttoned and unzipped Nick and was stroking his cock with long, slow strokes. Nick was moaning just about non-stop now.

"You like this, don't you," I purred in Nick's ear. I moved around until I was on my knees next to Nick's head, giving Gil more access as he started laying a blazing trail of kisses down Nick's chest. Besides, this put me in the best position to watch.

And I really wanted to see Gil going down on Nick for the first time.

"All laid out like a treat," I said, nuzzling Nick's neck, but still looking down, my breath catching like Nick's did when Gil paused and traced ab muscles with his tongue. "Both of us eating at you, tasting you, wanting you." I nibbled on his shoulder, licking at the sweat already beading up. "Making you wait."

Gil chuckled at that and looked up, his pupils dilated and his gaze hot. "God you're beautiful," he said. "Both of you."

Man deserved a reward for that, so I pulled Nick in for a kiss that was more teeth and tongue than lips. Nick was just too turned on for gentle.

And I got a reward for that as well--a genuine groan from Mr. Gil Grissom. I pulled back from Nick and settled in to watch, my hands playing with Nick's nipples while I kept at his neck.

Gil gave us another Cheshire-catlike smile, then he licked the head of Nick's cock. Nick bucked up, and Gil just laughed, an evil chuckling sound.

"Am I going to need to restrain you?" he asked, his voice dangerous and low.

I suddenly saw myself agreeing to all kinds of things, hell, practically anything that voice asked of me. Nick just gasped and shook his head. I could see the muscles in his stomach trembling as he worked to keep himself from not moving as Gil took him in again, his eyes fluttering and closing and his head falling back as Gil did something particularly wicked with his tongue.

It didn't take long, particularly between the pair of us, for Nick to find his release. He shouted as he came, his whole body seizing up. After Gil let Nick slip from his mouth he reached up for me and dragged me to him, kissing me long and deep, sharing Nick and himself equally. I was feeling kind of dazed afterwards, but I woke up quickly enough at the predatory look Gil gave me.

"Your turn," he said.

There was no way in hell I was going to survive this encounter, not with any semblance of cool. I backed up without thinking about it, only to run into the octopus also known as Nick Stokes, all hands and tongue.

"Relax baby," Nick said, drawing up my shirt, exposing me to the heat of Gil's gaze. Gil took off his own shirt, then undid his pants while Nick unbuttoned and unzipped me. I didn't seem to be able to move of my own volition anymore. I was caught, melted and sticky, shifting only when Nick poked at me, lifting my hips as Nick pushed down on my jeans and Gil pulled them off. Then Nick settled in behind me so my back was nestled against his chest, with him supporting me as well as teasing me with his hot breath along my neck.

"Gorgeous," Gil said as he looked at me. Nick grabbed my thighs and forced me to spread them, opened me more for Gil's devouring look.

I forced myself to look down along Gil's body. It was more muscled than I'd expected, with a peppering of silver and black hair spread across his chest. While his dick wasn't as long as either Nick's or mine, he was probably fatter than either of us.

And he was about to use that equipment on me.

I think I must have whimpered at that point, which got me a flurry of kisses from Nick as well as my very own Gil blanket, draped over me and warming me up, branding my skin with kisses of his own.

Nick kept working on my neck while he started massaging my shoulders, thumbs digging in to muscles that soon started to relax. Gil worked at getting me back into that space again, where I was floating on need and just wanting more without being able to think about it. He figured out pretty quickly that I liked it rougher than Nick did, and he added bites to his licks and kisses, sucking hard enough to leave marks on my side, just below my ribs, as well as in that crease between hip and thigh.

Then he moved further down, and I had personal experience with the wickedness of his tongue. I was babbling at that point, because both Gil and Nick had purposefully avoided my dick, and instead, Gil had moved down to start licking at my ass. I wanted, needed him to do something, anything.

I'd lost my cool big time, and I didn't fucking care.

When Gil speared me with his tongue, shoved into me after licking and teasing for what seemed like hours, I just shouted. Then shuddered. Then I lost what few brain cells that had still been functioning while he tongue fucked me and Nick twisted my nipples and attacked my neck and breathed heavily, sending goose bumps across my shoulders. I felt Nick hardening again against my back. I wanted to push against him, but I was too lost.

I have no idea where Gil got a condom and lube from. Had he been carrying them? Had Nick the octopus managed to grab some earlier? Were they both just being a bit hopeful?

Didn't matter. Particularly not when Gil was right the fuck there, pressing into me, telling me to breathe and bear down and how gorgeous I looked, strung out on need and wanting it so badly.

I was far beyond coherent at that point. I think I might have managed to groan meaningfully, but that was about it.

Instead, I breathed. I bore down. And slowly, so fucking slowly, I was filled.

Gil paused for a moment. I could feel him trembling as well. He was beautiful, eyes wide and wild, sweat dappling his skin and hair curling out of control. I surged up to kiss him, to tell him with lips and tongue and taste and touch that it was okay, that this was okay, that this was what I really wanted, needed. Then I turned and sloppily kissed Nick, pushed back against him.

And Gil started to move.

It took him maybe three thrusts before he found my prostrate, scraping across it with a skill and precision that I'd never known before. Fireworks kept going off behind my eyes. I tried to keep my hands on Gil, tried to find someway of grounding myself, fingers exploring that strong chest and twining in soft hair. I wasn't too successful, but I did manage to draw out a few groans from him.

Then Nick reached around, wrapped his fingers along my cock, and started jerking me off. I almost pushed his hands away. It was going to all be over too quickly.

But that was okay. Gil was at his limit as well.

"You going to come for me 'Rick?" he growled as he speeded up, ramming into me harder.

I grunted, then moaned, as Nick added that twist to his strokes, pressing hard against the bundle of nerves just beneath the rim of my cock.

"Let me see you. Let me watch. Please," Gil added.

That just about did it. I reached up and pulled him down again, kissing him as hard as I could, sharing breath and sweat and taste. Gil reached up and twisted a nipple, hard, and that tossed me right off the cliff. I could still feel Gil pounding into me, could still feel the faint pain from my teat radiating across my chest, could feel how hard Nick was, behind me, how little it would take for him to get off as well, could still hear Gil's little grunts and puffs, but it was all outside the long white ride I was taking, dazzled and shaken to my core.

I came back up just as Gil started his own ride, face open and vulnerable, tongue sticking out of the corner of his mouth like he was solving some intricate puzzle.

I think I fell in love with him a little, seeing that.

Then Nick pulled away a little from me. I felt the knuckles of his hand rubbing up and down my back as he jerked himself off, spraying my skin with his warm and sticky come after just a short while.

It didn't take much to get Gil to lay his head down on my chest, to get Nick to squish himself back up against me, to gather sleepy, sated kisses from both of them, to tangle arms and legs and mingle happy, contented sighs.

I knew it wasn't always going to be like this, all fire and need. I knew there were going to be some fights ahead, major, nasty and deadly. But a tripod is the most stable form. We were in this, now, together, committed. It would work out, we would work out. Like the lilies of the field, we had no worries about anything else, long as we had each other.

(end)