Small Bathing Suits
byDoYouLoveMe©

Out of the blue, we got a call from a relative in Europe. He would be staying a couple of days in our city as a stopover to someplace in South America, and he wanted to see us and maybe we could take him to one of our fabled Caribbean beaches.

We picked him up at the airport and took him out to dinner. Sonja found him attractive but shy and they hit it off fine right away and she flirted with him all night. We left him at his hotel so he could rest away some of his jet-lag, and told him we would pick him up next day early in the afternoon to go to a nearby beach. Sonia teased him that she would be wearing a sexy little bikini.

We planned to take him to a beach that was frequented during the week-ends, but on week days, when we were going, few people went there and it was actually a make-out place. Our car was one of those big old land yachts, with a huge front bench seat where three persons could do a lot more than just be comfortable. There wasn't much that Sonja wouldn't or couldn't do there.

As I've described her in previous stories, Sonja was a knockout, some five feet and a couple of inches high and around 110 pounds, with soft, voluptuous, mouth-watering breasts, a shapely ass just the right size for two hands, and sexy thighs filled out just enough so there wasn't much space between them at the crotch. She was a natural tease and a flirt even before we got into heavy sex. By now she was a practiced exhibitionist and saw herself as a sex toy, willing to please and be pleased when she wanted. I loved watching her put the make on other guys and doing them.

For the beach outing, she decided on a tiny black bikini that she had not dared wear before because it was it was a couple of sizes too small and she thought it was way too slutty. Her bikinis were all scandalous, but this one was out of league. The top covered her nipples and very little else of her soft, glorious breasts, leaving them almost naked, with a lot of their tops, sides, and bottoms exposed. The nipples were clearly seen straining against the thin fabric, and sooner or later, when they were looked at and ogled, they would harden and protrude deliciously, and draw even more attention to themselves. The bikini bottom covered her mound only because she just had it trimmed, and the back wasn't a thong, but it was small and sexy, covering very little of her tantalizing, adorable ass, another of her best features. Everything was held together by thin delicate strings and frilly knots, and her breasts, oh those luscious, succulent breasts of hers, moved loosely and freely, completely unrestrained, constantly trying to escape out of the minuscule bikini top. To accentuate her near nakedness, she wore a sexy little see-through wraparound beach skirt, which nicely framed the V where her delicious thighs met. Like she said, she was way too slutty!

He was waiting for us in a side street near the hotel, and I told Sonja to get out of the car to greet him so he could have a good look at her, since she was, for all practical purposes, naked. She asked him if he was wearing a bathing suit under his shorts, and when he said he did, she told him that to get in the car he had to be in his bathing suit, like us. To emphasize, she playfully tugged at his shorts. He humored her and took off his shorts right there, next to the car door, and it turned out he was wearing one of those small and revealing European swim suits, with a nice bulge in it. I saw Sonja's jaw drop and I'm pretty sure she actually salivated. She told him to sit up front with us, and she crawled in first on all fours so he could have a good look at her delectable ass. She was all bright and smiling and mouthed B-I-G and wet her lips, and I knew we would be having a fun afternoon.

Up front, I asked her to help him out with the seat belts, and he was surprised by her hands fumbling all over his lap and small swim suit. As we drove off, she placed each arm behind our backs, impudently thrusting her breasts out, and making it easy for her to nudge a breast against my arm or his, and, knowing her, it was going to be his. She talked softly to him, flirted, joked, tousled his hair and kept her breast against his arm. I tried to get her to mind me too, but she was too busy with him. I knew by now he had to have a hard-on, because she was using her sexy, throaty voice, which usually meant there was a hard cock someplace close to her and she wanted it. As she told me later, she was tempted by his terrific hard-on, and she kept her breast bumping and nudging up and down his arm trying to get the nipple to slip loose. She really knew how to be slutty-naughty.

The trip to the beach was real short, and I parked the car overlooking the sea. There were several other cars parked close by, all with couples inside, all having the sex that is done in a car, hiding nothing from view. People were there to make out, and you could feel the strong sexual atmosphere. Sonja reached over to help him again with the seat belt, and this time it took her longer to undo the "troublesome" buckle, her fingers fudging around ever so long between the belt and his swim suit. She then scrambled over him to get out of the car, pressing and touching him as much as she could. She wiggled her ass out of the tiny beach skirt and ran to the water. We both ran after her, I mean, we ran after that fabulous perfect ass of hers, right into the water. 

We splashed, laughed, tickled, and of course grabbed her everywhere, waist, arms, legs, ass, and specially those fabulous breasts. Our cavorting attracted the envious attention of nearby couples, and one guy sat up from massaging his girl just to look at Sonja, at her overexposed breasts swaying delightfully this way and that. Those overactive, voluptuous breasts were a pleasure to watch, and having appreciating couples looking on emboldened her. To everybody's delight, in the pulling and the pushing there were two or three nipple slips which she didn't hurry to correct, and which made everybody at the beach stop what they were doing to look. Let's face it, a stacked girl grinning and mischievously adjusting her bikini top to cover a dripping wet nipple is about as sexy as you can get. Eventually we settled down to more sedate frolicking, but they still kept so close together that you could tell they were feeling each other out underwater. Picture this, they both had the smallest bathing suits imaginable, and they just couldn't keep their hands off of each other! 

When they finally calmed down, I pulled her into my lap, and cupped the naked undersides of those soft, wet breasts. This was a prelude to what we would be doing when we got back to the car; there was going to be more than just feeling her up in the water. The way she smiled and flirted with him while I fondled her, she was letting him know what was coming. Our intentions were obvious and our neighbors glanced with appreciation at us. I knew they would be keeping an eye on us in the car later on.

We saw a raincloud rapidly approaching, so we went back to the car. She brazenly eyed his hard-on and laughed while she dried off, and when she gave him the towel, she playfully pushed it into his lap. She got in the car first, again crawling over the seat so she could wiggle her sexy ass at him. It started to rain as I got in the driver's side, and I moved the front seat all the way back to make more room for us, and lowered the windows for our audience. Sonja threw on a loose tank top with a plunging neckline and open sides, and then proceeded to tantalize us by arching her breasts out while she untied the back of the bikini top and pulled it off. The translucent little t-shirt was short and loose, and it just covered her jutting nipples - sometimes - and not much else. She then got some oil and very suggestively massaged her sumptuous breasts under the t-shirt, all the time talking and flirting and taunting. Our friend's eyes popped out and he stammered and went speechless. While she pointedly massaged one nipple, the other one would poke out the side or the front of her top, with the breast jiggling in tune with her massaging. I knew she was getting her nipples ready for him, and she was driving him crazy.

She was driving me crazy too. I had a terrific hard-on and kept thinking about how good her pussy would taste, deliciously sweet and salty after the swim. 

Sonja threw an arm over his back, again pressing her breast into his arm, and continued to massage the other one, giving him her coy mouth-open fuck-me look, until finally, at last, he took his cue and asked her if she needed any help with the oiling. But she was loving the teasing and flirting and the outrageously provocative exhibitionism, and she wasn't through yet. She leaned over the seat to get something from the back and her perfect ass, barely covered by the small, sexy bikini bottom, rested right between us at eye level. I looked at her mouthwatering ass cheeks, licked my lips, and slid a hand up her thighs all the way to the sweet spot, the thin piece of fabric that covered her pussy, and squeezed. Of course she was wet. He didn't seem too sure of what he should or could do, but he did place a hand pretty high up her thigh. We were both drooling by now. As she returned to the seat she wiggled that kissable ass of hers, as if to shake us off, and pushed my hand away, but not his. She was obviously all hot and hungry for him after all the touching and feeling and teasing and their being nearly naked and so close together and all. I knew she wouldn't hold out much more, and then she kissed him, a long, really long open mouth tongue kiss, and gently took his hand and tucked it under her t-shirt. He was now fondling the bottoms of her breasts, and I knew how those breasts felt after a swim: they would have a satiny, delightful texture when touched and would be slightly salty when licked. After many long, wet kisses, she thrust-out her breasts and brought his face down to them so he could nuzzle on them. His mouth found its way under the skimpy t-shirt and he enthusiastically bit and licked them, and mouthed and suckled those delicious nipples of hers. I knew how much he was enjoying them! And she was loving it!

I was a bit hot too, but all afternoon she had been more interested in our friend than in me. And that was how our sex adventures usually played out: I would watch her get off first with whoever lucky guy we were with, because I loved watching her naked and making out - she was like my favorite porn star - and after that she would take care of me. 

She was now fondling his big hard-on through the thin swim suit, while he was busy with her delicious breasts, and she tugged on his swim suit and the head of his enormous cock popped out. She fondled it while he alternated between her breasts and her mouth. As he raised his lap to slide the swim suit off, her mouth went straight to his big, hard cock. I could hear her contented throaty grunts and loud slurps, and that just made me all the more hard, and I got my fingers under her bikini and into her very wet and very slippery pussy. She raised her ass to accommodate me, and went back to kissing and sucking his cock; her lips went from his mouth to his cock, back and forth, and I imagined by now he was close to coming. I pulled off her bikini bottom and thrust my tongue into her thighs were they met at her sweet pussy, and right away she started to squirm. Her pussy always tasted good, and even more so after a salt water swim! She loved making guys cum in her mouth, and she slobbered his cock and slurped noisily, building him up, and all the while his hands groped and caressed her soft luscious breasts. 

She was so hot with my mouth on her pussy and her mouth on his cock, that her orgasm started with his first spurt, and they both started to come at the same time, in long moaning spasms. His coming was so intense that he desperately raised his lap up to thrust his whole big cock into her mouth, which she loved, and she kept coming even as she gagged. I still had my mouth on her writhing pussy, while she stayed on his cock throughout his extended spurting. He came for so long that it looked like he hadn't had sex in a while! That and her magic mouth! She coaxed and swallowed and milked all the cum out of him, and kept her mouth on his cock as she got her breath back. 

When she regained her composure, it was my turn, and she leaned over to me to blow me. She loved sucking cock, and she was so good at it! She slurped with that hot, electric mouth of hers, and I pulled and tugged on her sumptuous breasts and nipples, while our friend had his fingers in her pussy. She made me come almost right away, which was her trademark, as she was so skilled that I never could hold back with her. She opened her mouth while I spurted and my come spilled down to my balls, and when she pulled up, her lips shiny and dripping come, I kissed her, tonguing and tasting the come. I loved to taste her lips coated with come, and this time it was two cocks come!

When we came back to our senses, we saw the couples in the other cars watching us and making out. One couple was out of their car looking on and gave us a thumbs up. 

She continued to show off for her audience, mouthing his thick semi-hard cock lovingly several times while she helped him get his swim suit back on. He still couldn't keep his hands off those breasts of hers. They just couldn't not touch each other! I imagined the couples watching us were just as hot.

During the drive back she not only kept on with the breast against his arm, but also kept a hand in his swim suit and all over it, fondling his cock and balls with affection. Later she bragged that he was hard all the way to the hotel.

When we got the hotel, he asked us up to his room for a drink and some rest, but I'll write about that some other time...

