The Summer That Changed My Life
Karen
Sat Apr 5, 2008 18:3670.105.46.150

School was over and I had graduated, mom and dad had done as they promised and brought me a new car and had agreed that me and three of my friends could 
spend the summer at the cabin at the lake.

Megan, Gail and Liz had been making plans for this for months but none of us 
knew the changes that were to come.

Megan, the oldest of us, she's every guy's wet dream but is a open lesbian and 
was the head of the schools gay and lesbian program.

Gail was the cheerleader and Lis was the geek, the smartest of us all.

Me, my name is Karen, I'm the one who can't resist a dare or a challenge and 
that's where this all started.

The four of us had been friends it seemed for ever and had all grown up with 
in a block of each other. We were in my bed room making our final plans when 
dumb ass me made the statement that I wanted to spend the week totally naked 
the whole time. They all laughed at me saying talk was cheap, but none of them 
believed I had the nerve to do it, that's when Megan issued the dare. What was 
I to do, me the one who never turned down a dare so I told them I would spend 
the entire week we were gone naked.

The question was raised about how I would be able to get out of the house 
naked and Liz, the smart one had the answer for that, she allowed that I would 
leave fully dressed but as soon as we got out of our neighbourhood I would 
have to get undressed and stay that way for the rest of the trip.

The cabin and the lake was about a three hour drive from my house, but most of 
it was interstate all but the last thirty or forty miles. The car was fueled 
and ready to go the morning we left and after all of us put our things in the 
car and the folk's gave me the be careful speech off we went.

Being as it was early we decided to stop at McDonald's for a biscuit and drink 
before hitting the highway. After we got our order and just as I was putting 
the car in gear Gail spoke up saying, Karen aren't you forgetting something. I 
laughed and said I guess you mean it's time for me to get naked and laughed as 
I started to remove my tube top and handed it to Liz, next came my shorts , 
they also went to Liz who told me to open the trunk so she could put them in 
it.

The next three hours we spent laughing and talking about the fun we were going 
to have at the lake. When we got to the cabin that's when it hit us, we hadn't 
packed any food for the week so a trip to the store was the first thing that 
needed to be done and about that time reality hit me, the folks who owned the 
store were friends of my parents, what was I going to do about that. All of 
them laughed saying that was my problem , but that I was staying naked till we 
got back home.



The Summer That Changed My Life 2

Here it was the trip less than five hours old and already my first big 
challenge. I racked my mind about the Paul's , the family who owned the store,

Mr Paul was the normal dirty old man who hit on all the young women who 
shopped there, leering over the half naked bodies in swim suits and shorts 
making lewd comments when his wife wasn't around and sometimes when she was. 
Mrs Paul was the campground gossip but everyone loved her, heck she even baby 
sat for some of the family's some times. I remembered mom saying she had even 
baby sat me when they first brought the cabin just after I was born.

Lucky for me when we got down to the store it was empty except for Mrs Paul 
who after she stopped laughing at my nudity ask if I forgot something 
referring to my lack of clothing. Megan spoke up saying I had accepted a dare 
and was going to spend the week naked. Mrs Paul said that George was going to 
be sorry he missed seeing me but she was sure he would see me before the week 
was out, she suggested we get our shopping done before more people showed up.

Shopping completed we headed back to our cabin, them in there shorts and tops 
and me naked as the day I was born all that is but my flip flops . Putting 
away the food didn't take long and soon everyone was in there swim suits, that 
is everyone but me and down to the lake we went.

It really didn't bother me being naked in front of my friends, heck we had all 
seen each other that way before but having Mrs Paul see me that way had been 
much more embarrassing and here I was going out to the lake naked were more 
people would see me that way. How daring I thought, but also how humiliating 
it was. I started to worry about running into people with kids till I 
remembered that the way things were set up here was that small children where 
restricted to the far end of the lake where the water was shallower and they 
had a life guard but where we were was going to be mostly older folks and 
teenagers.

Once we found a spot we liked we put our towels down and our radio on and had 
a good time playing in the water like anyone else. The looks I got from people 
around us ranged from smiles to frowns of disaproveale but no one said much 
about it.

That is but for the four guys who showed up just before we were going to head 
back to the cabin for dinner. Four guys who had just started college and who 
were looking to have some fun. They started chatting us up at once and soon it 
seemed like we had known each other for years. Even Megan was flirting with 
them not that any of them had a chance with her.

The guys all ended up coming back to the cabin with us for a cook out and 
while we were getting things set up they went to get beer for them and wine 
coolers for us. After we had all finished eating and as we sat around talking 
who came up to check on us, George of course, his wife had told him about our 
visit and he had to see for himself. I felt his eye's wandering all over me , 
staring at my naked breast, making my nipples harden up like little rocks and 
lower at , well you know what at and he got a good look too as it is shaved 
making me look much younger than I am. He didn't stay long but did tell us to 
stop by the store anytime if we needed something and reminded us that Friday 
night they were having a big blow out down by the lake and that several bands 
would be there.

After everyone had left and we girls had cleaned up, Gail and Liz started 
kidding me about how when the guys had been there how my nipples had harden up and how my kitty was showing signs of arousal so much that my little man in a 
boat had shown himself almost the whole time. We all laughed about it but deep 
down inside me I was burning up with the need to get myself off and couldn't 
wait till we went to bed to get off.

When we did get to bed I wasted no time in letting my fingers walk south and 
find the comfort I needed, when I woke up the next morning my fingers were 
still where I left them inside me.


 
The Summer That Changed My Life 3

Waking up like that brought back memories of the night before and soon my 
fingers were back at work inside me bringing me yet another wonderful climax. 
I was so deep into my feelings I didn't notice or hear my door open or see my 
three friends standing there until they started clapping for me, god 
humiliation washed over me as I quickly pulled my fingers from my wet pussy.

Megan was the first to speak telling me to relax, we all do that sometime and 
after spending the last twenty four hours naked they all could understand 
needing some relief.

Gail was the next to speak up saying that we all needed to get a move on if we 
were to be ready when the guys got there, the guys, I had forgotten we all 
agreed to rent bikes from the store and spend the day riding them out on the 
trails through the woods. God, that meant another trip down to the store naked 
and god only knows how many more people seeing me naked.

Liz said we should all jump in the shower together to save time and hot water 
so that's just what we did. Now the shower was big but it wasn't made for four 
people so you can just imagine how packed we were in there, and washing each 
other's more private parts had us all feeling more than a little horny before 
we finished.

While the other's dried there hair and got dressed I went and made coffee and 
toast for all of us. We had just finished when the guys showed up. You can 
just picture four guys and three girls dressed in shorts and tops and one girl 
wearing only flip flops walking down to the store and renting bikes, boy I 
wonder what went through the minds of people that saw us, I know what was 
going through mine and that was how am I going to survive this week.

Mr Paul handled the bike rental his eye's never leaving my naked exposed body 
and when it was done his hand on my butt as he help me with my bike. The funny 
thing was I got something else to wear, a helmet.

Liz took the lead and off we rode , Liz first then me then the rest of our 
group. At first the ride was pretty easy but soon it started up some easy 
hills and I had to almost stand up and pedal when it dawned on me that doing 
so was opening all of me up for the ones behind to see some things most people 
try to keep covered. We all worked up a sweat and I know for sure some of the 
moisture between my legs wasn't sweat but sure signs of my arousal. I felt my 
nipples hardening again but pushed on.

We stopped for a break later and the guys by then had removed there shirts to 
take advantage of the sun and to cool off to I guess. 

When we got ready to start off again imagine my shock and surprise when the 
other girls took there tops off including Megan, now it was four guys topless 
in shorts three girls dressed the same way and one totally naked girl. I also 
noticed as did the guys I'm sure the other girls nipples were as hard as mine. 
I wondered if they were as wet down below as I was?

Later we found the stream that feed the lake and someone suggested we take a 
dip and cool off. Gail brought up the point that we hadn't brought our swim 
suits with us but Liz bless her heart said why bother lets just skinny dip. In 
no time all eight of us were naked and in the water. We played and after 
swimming some then climbed out and lay on the rocks for the sun to dry us off. 
That was the first time we girls had a chance to really check the guys out if 
you get my drift. They all had nice equipment hanging there and the rest of 
them wasn't shabby either.

It seemed almost magical the way we soon paired off and I noticed even Megan 
was showing some interest in her guys package. Maybe Megan wasn't just a 
lesbian but was bi also. That proved to be the fact later that night.

When we returned the bikes the guys went back to the cabin with us and even 
helped fix dinner for us, and if you can believe it they even did the dish's 
afterwards.

When it started getting late again as if by magic we all split back up into 
the pairings we had earlier and off we went to our rooms. It was a wild night 
let me tell you, I'm not much into one night stands but Chuck the guy I was 
with rang my bell several times and from what I heard through the night my 
bell wasn't the only one being rang. I even heard Megan crying out harder 
deeper a couple of times. 


The Summer That Changed My Life 4

I woke the next morning still wrapped in Chucks arms and tried to get out of 
bed without waking him. That didn't happen, he kissed me say that he hoped I 
enjoyed last night as much as he did. I did and told him , but I told him we 
needed to talk.

I explained to him I wasn't sure how last night had came about other than the 
pressure of being naked for so long and the burning arousal that it had awaken 
in me. I told him I wasn't into one night stands, to my surprise neither was 
he. 

When we joined the others all of us were kind of quite and subdued but we all 
knew something had changed with all of us. We agreed that maybe today we would 
hike around to the far side of the lake and have a picnic, that meant another 
trip down to the store to pick up some extra bread and sandwich meat and of 
course wine coolers and beer.

Mrs Paul greeted us as we came in with a smile and a hug for me as she leaned 
closer to my ear and whispered that she was glad I was still holding up. We 
got what we needed and left to head back to the cabin to fix our picnic lunch.

About twenty minuets into the hike the other girls surprised me by taking 
there tops off and hiking topless the rest of the way. Once we got to the 
other side of the lake and found a spot to stop the guys suggested a swim to 
cool off. Today there was no talk bout not having swim suits they all just 
peeled off the clothes they had on and jumped into the lake.

Two hours later we were sitting on a blanket eating our lunch. We talked about 
what we where going to be doing after this week, we knew they guys were going 
back to college but the four of us girls even knowing each other as well as we 
did hadn't talked about our plans yet.

It turned out that all of us had already applied and been accepted to schools, 
Liz had a full scholarship to UVA based on her grades, told you she was a 
geek. Gail was going to go to NC State and as it turned out both Megan and I 
were going to VA Tech.

The subject next turned to Friday nights party at the lake and the bands that 
would be there. As we talked I noticed just how relaxed we all were and 
noticed that the other girl's were as turned on as I was. All of our nipples 
were hard and while I was the only one completely shaved I could see that they 
were in the same state as me, horny!

When we left to return the guys left us when they neared there cabin and we 
girls headed to ours alone after making arrangements to meet again Friday for 
the party.

Friday came and the others all dressed for the party and I started worrying 
about going being as I was naked and we all knew that there would be people 
from town there not just campers. Megan told me to relax and just enjoy it, 
saying they and the guys would keep me safe.

We met the guys and headed down to the lake, even before we got there we could 
tell that the place was packed. Even with the others looking out for me I was 
groped by dozens of guys and even a few girls took the time to play with my 
butt or my breast and needless to say all that had just ratchet up my state of 
arousal. Once we got to where the bandstand was it was just a crush of bodies, 
I felt hands all over me someone was even fingering my ass and there was no 
way for me to move or even see who it was.

My knee's were weak and I was fast getting to a point where I was going to 
orgasm soon and I knew it. The thought of having a orgasm in public with 
people all around me was driving me crazy. I knew that the ones close to me 
could hear my moans of pleasure, then I felt something different, it wasn't a 
finger now but a hard cock was pressing into me. I felt it pass my outer lips 
and plunge into my hot wet slippery pussy, by then I didn't care who it was I 
just wanted to cum and cum I did, then the cock was gone.



The Summer That Changed MY Life 5
Tue Apr 15, 2008 09:5870.105.46.150

Twice more before the bands quit playing I felt myself being invaded and twice 
more I climaxed in public. My mind reeled with mixed feelings about what had 
happened. On one hand I was totally humiliated that three times in less than 
four hours I had been taken sexually by person or persons unknown to me, but 
on the other hand I was totally excited by it.

On the way back to the cabin it dawned on me that tonight was the last night 
we would be staying here and that tomorrow we would be heading home. After 
turning in for the night my mind replayed the week I had spent naked so far 
and all that had happened. All the people that saw me naked, meeting Chuck and 
the other guys, even the Paul's who had known my family for years. I wondered 
if my parents would find out about this and if they did how would they react 
to it. Then it hit me, I loved the feeling of it all the freedom of being 
naked and deep inside I knew I wanted to continue with it.

The next thing I knew I was being woke up by Megan , telling me to get my 
sleepy ass up and help clean up before we left. Two hours later we had the 
cabin cleaned and everything packed in the car and were ready to leave. We 
stopped at the store to get some munchies for the trip home and to say good 
bye to the Paul's. As we were leaving I spotted someone else I knew Mrs Thomas 
and her husband and to make it worse they saw me. They walked up to me saying 
that they hadn't known I was up here and that they were shocked to see so much 
of me. Mrs Thomas ask what was I thinking running around naked for the world 
to see and what would my folks think of all this? Mrs Paul came to my defence 
, laughing saying that kids these days just want to have fun like the rest of 
us, and told Mrs Thomas , we all have our little secrets giving her a look 
that left little unsaid. We left after that. The trip home was pretty 
uneventful other than me having to fill the cars gas tank just before we hit 
the interstate and go inside to pay for it.

Once we got back home I was given my clothes back and allowed to dress before 
being dropped of at home. Mom and dad ask if we had fun and if we had 
remembered to clean the cabin before we left. Yes we had a ball and yes the 
cabin was cleaned before we left. All went fine for the next three days, then 
all hell broke loose. 

I was just getting home from shopping with Gail and Megan and when I got 
inside dad met me at the door and I could tell he wasn't happy about 
something. He told me to put my stuff away and then come down as mom and he 
wanted to talk to me. When I came back down dad said he had gotten a call from 
Mrs Thomas and she had told him about seeing me up at the lake and ask me if I 
wanted to explain myself. Mom on the other hand wasn't interested in hearing 
any explanation, she was pissed. So you like to run around naked do you she 
said, well in that case I'm going to help you out, standing up she walked 
toward me and told me to strip. Shocked but not willing to believe my ears I 
stood there blinking back tears till she told me she wasn't going to tell me 
twice. I started to remove my clothes. Once my shorts and top were off I 
looked at her and she told me to hurry up and get the rest off. It had been 
years since my dad had seen me naked and I didn't want him to see me that way 
now but mom was having none of it, finally I removed my bra and my thong and 
faced them both naked. Mom then dropped the other shoe telling me that I 
wouldn't be wearing clothes again till I went to college. I started to cry and 
begged her to reconsider but it did no good, her mind was made up. Then I 
tried dad but I knew that was almost useless because when mom was this mad he 
wasn't going to cross her himself.

Then it hit me, this weekend was the weekend of our family reunion and all of 
my family would be there and so would many of my friends, I pleaded to be 
allowed clothes for that but mom said no! 


 The Summer That Changed My Life 6
Tue Apr 15, 2008 16:2570.105.46.150

Shortly after my being made to strip in front of my folks dad left saying he 
had somethings to take care of but would be back in time for supper. Mom sent 
me to the kitchen for a bow of trash bags and told me to meet her in my room. 
When I got mom had started pulling clothes from my closet and had me bag them 
up. Next she went to my dresser and started emptying that then to my laundry 
hamper and emptied that into a separate bag, after she finished she had me 
take them out to the garage and put them in the storeroom there.

As we were fixing dinner I ask again about having something to wear while the 
family was all in town and mom again refused saying if I was willing to run 
around naked in front of strangers family should be easy. When I brought up my 
friends that would be there she told me I had been naked in front of them so 
the answer was still no. Mom did make a couple of exceptions, one was church 
on Sunday and the other was if she needed me to go someplace for her she would 
give me something then and only then.

When dad got home as we were eating dinner he told me that he had visited with 
the other girls families and told them what had happened at the lake and that 
they also would be punished in some way. That was just to much and I told them 
it was all my fault as I was the one who brought it up and they just went 
along with it. They shouldn't be made to pay for my mistakes. Dad told me he 
was proud I was willing to accept the blame but still what was done was done, 
it would be up to there parents what they did. After cleaning up the kitchen 
and washing the dishes and putting them away I went to my room.

Megan was the first to call and told me she was sorry that I was in such hot 
water with my folks and that she had already talked to Gail and Liz and it 
seemed that they had gotten off easy, we talked about how that now it really 
didn't seem that it was working out fair for me at all. I told her not to 
worry I would get by okay and that besides it gave me a chance to stay naked 
longer. I was getting use to it now.

The next morning mom told me she had some errands for me to run later but 
first had to get me something to wear while doing them, I smiled thinking to 
myself clothes at last. Later when mom brought the things for me to wear to my 
room I saw she was still going to be making her point. I was given a skirt 
that was shorter than most strippers would wear, it barely covered any of my 
important parts and the top was just as bad, a tube top that was at least two 
sizes to small for me and was so tight it looked like it would bust apart at 
any time, she was making me look like a little slut.

The first stop of the day was the dry cleaners to pick up dads suit and some 
of her stuff, then the bank to make my car payment. Next was a trip to the 
grocery store that seemed to take forever and was so totally humiliating, 
every time I had to reach up the bottoms of my breast were on display and 
bending or squatting was a whole different thing , both my ass and my puss 
were on full display. I know I must have turned forty different shades of red 
before I got out of there. When I got home mom made me strip again before she 
had me start putting away the groceries. 

While I was doing that the doorbell rang and mom got that, the next thing I 
knew she and one of the neighbour women came into the kitchen where mom fixed 
them coffee as she told her friend what was going on, I never felt more 
embarrassed in my life than then. Later that night after dinner I heard mom on 
the phone calling all the relatives that were coming telling them what to 
expect and why. It hit me then even the ones that might not come would know 
about this how was I ever going to look them in the eye again. 








The Summer That Changed My Life 7
Thu Apr 17, 2008 10:4470.105.46.150

Thoughts of facing my extended family naked for the weekend ran through my 
head and my level of humiliation continued to rise. I mentally ran through who 
normally came and who didn't then added to that the ones I thought might come 
just because they knew I was going to be naked, the numbers staggered me. I 
knew that only a few would be staying here with us but I would have to face 
the rest when we all gathered at the park, oh god !I had forgot about the 
park. That meant even more people might see me, what was I going to do.

Friday morning just as I was getting out of the shower dad called me down 
stairs. I toweled off and went to see what he wanted. Dad told me that my 
grandparents on moms side of the family were flying in this morning and that I 
was to meet them at the airport and bring them back here. He handed me the 
outfit mom had me wear to run my errands in and told me that was what I was to 
wear. I ask dad if it was possible I might pick them up wearing something that 
covered more the answer was no, he said I had put myself in this mess so I 
would have to live with it.

Getting to the airport wasn't a problem they didn't start till after I was 
there. The plane was late so I had to wait as people pointed and stared at me, 
I could hear some of them calling me a slut or worse a whore and a few of the 
men even tried hitting on me. Finally their plane arrived and when they saw me 
I noticed that they didn't look pleased. I guess it was because of how I was 
dressed, not that I blamed them. Waiting till they claimed there bags before I 
went to pull the car up out front to take them home. The ride home was quite.

After we got home and got them settled mom called me down to help with getting 
lunch ready and noticed I was still wearing the outfit dad had given me that 
morning, Karen she all but shouted, you know that your not supposed to be 
wearing that unless your going out so take it off right now. Both my 
grandparents were standing there as I was made to undress again. I noticed 
that my grandfather didn't look away at all, in fact he paid very close 
attention to me. Lunch was filled with talk about what everyone had been doing 
and then grandmother Reid looked toward me and ask how my trip to the cabin 
had been. I really didn't want to talk about it but I really didn't have a 
choice. I gave them the high points leaving out a lot but gave them enough to 
satisfy them. Much to my surprise grandmother related a story about mom in her 
youth on the farm they lived on where she had caught naked several times and 
how she had all but refused to wear clothes in her early years. I glanced over 
to mom and saw she was turning red with the memories of it.

Several more of the family dropped by during the day and none missed the 
chance to study my body. 


The Summer That Changed My Life 8
Fri Apr 18, 2008 09:4970.105.46.150

Later that night after the last of our visiting family had left and everyone 
was getting ready for bed mom came into my room and said we needed to clear 
some things up between us.

Mom took a deep breath and started telling me her side of the story 
grandmother had told earlier. Yes it was true, she told me that as a child she 
did hate to wear clothes and that every chance she had she went without them. 
Even later in her late teens she still hated to wear clothes but gave in to 
parental and peer pressure and stopped going without them when she had the 
chance . That was why she was doing to me what she was now, making sure I had 
the chance to be myself and make my own choices. She told me she was proud of 
me for taking the chance's she never took herself. Dad she told me was also 
very proud of me but didn't fully understand my feelings or need to do so, but 
that he supported me fully. Then just before leaving she told me that if I 
wanted she would allow me to go get my clothes back and attend the gathering 
tomorrow fully dressed, then she walked out leaving me to my thoughts.

Sleep didn't come easy as all she told me ran through my head, that plus all 
the other things that had happened.

The next morning I woke early before anyone else and went down and started 
breakfast, ever now and then glancing at the garage door. Soon with coffee 
brewing mom and grandmother joined me in the kitchen both seeing me wearing 
only mom's apron to protect against grease splatters from the frying bacon. 
Once the meal was close to being ready I took the apron off and went to get 
dad and my grandfather.

After the meal was over and the dishes done I helped my folks load there van 
with all the food we were taking to the park walking naked from the house to 
the van and back several times mindful of the fact I was outside fully naked 
exposed to the view of all our neighbours and passing cars.
Then once all was packed I ask if I could drive my car over and mom said yes 
as she handed me the clothes I was allowed to wear. I looked at them then at 
her and dad and said if they didn't mind I would go as I was. I was rewarded 
with a smile and a nod from both. Soon we were off and on our way to the park.

When we got to the park and pulled into the parking lot it hit me again just 
what I was about to do, walk naked in a public place for all to see then I got 
out of my car and walked to there van to help unload it. We had reserved a 
large shelter and as I approached it I saw our family all gathered there 
watching my naked arrival.

I spent the day pitching horse shoes and playing volley ball with the others 
fully aware of my breast bouncing around and the other parts of my body I was 
showing to everyone. I knew that the men were paying close attention to me and 
the younger boys, family members all were seeing me as they had never seen me 
before and that they nor me would ever forget this day.

When we reached the close of the day we cleaned the shelter and repacked the 
van and came home along with several of the family members in tow. Two of my 
female cousins and one of the male ones rode home with me. They wanted to know 
how it felt to be naked like I was and out in public, did it embarrass me or 
humiliate me? No I told them , it did at first but not now. I knew I had a 
good body and I wasn't ashamed of it at all. We even stopped by McDonald's for 
a trip thou the drive thou for milkshakes that surprised no only them but the 
guy at the service window.

That summer changed my life, I continued to go naked at home even when mom or 
dad ask for help in the yard, my neighbours grew used to seeing me mowing 
grass or helping mom pulling weeds in the flower beds naked and no one every 
complained. 

Soon the summer was over and it was time for me to start college at UVA, with 
Megan as my room mate, would my life stay the same or change, that's for a 
different story. 

 




