The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 50

Bert's Last Message

"I have a message from Bert.  Andy is to hear it with you," Mary said quietly in the unique voice
of a trance, as she knelt in front of me.  Andy sat down by me, but Lisa, who had never been
present when a trance message was given, started to leave.  I pulled her down by me, telling her to
stay with us because she was very much a part of this family. She hugged me gratefully as she
curled up against me.

In a moment, Mary began.

"Hello, son.  It is me again.  I knew you would get this message one day, but I had no idea of the
timing.  The only way it could be accessed is if either Mary or Andy or both were pregnant.  You
lucky guy!  Remember what I said about telling my grandchildren about me.  

Davy, Mary has a secret, a secret only she and I knew.  Because it made her very distraught, I
programmed her not to remember it.  When I began making plans to give her to you, I decided to
reveal the secret. You will have to handle it, but it is better handled than left buried.  Sorry.  It is
not something I could correct in my lifetime.

Approximately ten seconds after this message is over, Mary will remember everything.  Be
prepared, Davy.

Kiss the kittens on their sweet little pussies for me, son. I love all of you very much. Goodbye
again."

Mary was quiet and still as I counted off the seconds. None of us moved for what seemed an
eternity. Her eyes opened, but they did not see us.  She burst into tears as her hands flew to her
face.

"Oh, my God! My baby! My baby!" she screamed.  

Repeating "my baby, my baby," she sobbed and rocked back and forth, arms around her middle,
tears flowing in rivers.  She was hysterical. 

It frightened me.  It frightened all of us.  I had never seen Mary like this, out of control, her agony
so severe it wrenched out her heart with every breath she took.  When she realized Andy was
beside her, she wrapped her arms around her tightly, digging her nails in.  Andy was gasping for
breath she was being held so tightly, her own face showing her fear and distress at her mother's
desolation.

"Oh, God!  My baby, my baby!" 

She ignored any attempt to placate her.  Immediately, I thought of programming her to stop, but
something told me to let her cry out whatever demon was in her. I had no idea it would be almost
twenty minutes of gut wrenching sorrow before she began to calm down. 

Have you ever seen a loved one with a devastating loss, an inconsolable sorrow?  Remember how
it hurts you to see them hurt so much?  We were like that for Mary.

I thought her sorrow must be about Andy and the baby, my baby Andy was carrying.  All sorts of
horrible thoughts crossed my mind: diseases, genetic abnormalities, any thing you could imagine
being wrong.  

Mary was spent, but her body was still wracked by sobs, when she finally released Andy and sat
back, wobbling she was so exhausted.  We all three had been crying with her.  She was in such
pain, seeing her was painful for us.  Andy and Lisa had both been near hysteria themselves, but as
Mary began to quieten, so did they.

"Why didn't you program me not to hurt?" she said accusingly, her eyes red and swollen as she
stared at me. 

"You needed to cry it out."

"Please, promise me you will program me to make the pain go away," she pleaded.

"If you want that, I will do it," I said, holding her for comfort. "But, what is it?"

"Could I have some tea, please?" was her response. 

Resisting the urge to order her to tell me, I sent Lisa to make herbal tea. The tea helped sooth all of
us, but I could stand it no longer. 

"Is something wrong with Andy's baby?  My baby?"

"Oh, no! It is nothing like that.  Oh, God."  

Sobbing, she pulled Andy back into her arms which made Andy and Lisa start crying again.   

"Mary! Calm yourself and talk to us! Tell us what is wrong!"

She nodded and took a series of deep breaths.  Then, she began.

"Andy, I told you your father was abusive.  He was a cruel man, a very cruel man.  When I
became pregnant by him, he told me he was going to take you away from me and I would never
see you again. He had abused me mentally and physically, so when he threatened me legally, I was
very afraid of him."

"Mother, I would never let that happen."

"Honey, you were a fetus.  You were not going to prevent anything.  Oh, Andy, you do not know
what it is like to be with a cruel man.  It is absolute hell for a woman.  You have only known Bert
and Davy, both of whom are wonderful, dear, men.  That is the reason Matt frightened me so
much.  He was cruel, like your father."

Mary sipped at her tea, still restoring herself to equanimity.  The rest of us were speechless.

"Then, we found out something which changed everything.  I was pregnant with twins. Twins,
Andy.  I made an agreement with your father when we determined both the babies were girls.  I
would keep the first born, name her Andrea and give her my surname.  That is you.  Andrea
Mathews.  He would take the second born and name her Angela.  He would give her his surname. 
Anderson.  Angela Anderson.  She is your twin sister, borne eleven minutes after you."

The room was deathly quiet, our collective breathing the only sound.  We all were in shock!  

Andy had a twin sister, a sister none of us knew about until that moment.  My mind was reeling.

"I don't understand," Andy said mechanically.  "Do you mean that you gave birth to two babies
and I am one of them?"

"Yes, honey.  I gave birth to twins.  You are one.  Angela Anderson is the other."

"Go ahead! Finish the story," I said.  

Andy looked at me with disbelief, not comprehending what she had heard.

"Part of our arrangement was neither of us would ever try to contact the other's child.  He has
kept that bargain and so have I.  I never saw her.  I do not know if she is an identical or a fraternal
twin. I do not even know if she is alive."

Mary started to cry again and I held her to me.

"Oh, Davy, Bert saw how much I was hurting. He offered to find her and bring her to me.  He
said he would program Donald to be a eunuch missionary in deepest Africa so he could not harm
us, but I was still afraid.  I was so terrified I would not let Bert help me. So, he programmed me
not to remember."

"Donald is my father?" Andy asked, still in shock over the news.

"Yes, Andy.  Donald Anderson.  He was from Chicago. All I know about his family is he had an
older sister who was married to a lawyer.  Her name was Patricia."

"You mean besides a father and sister, I have cousins?"

"You might.  Oh, Andy, let's not get our hopes up!  I could not stand another disappointment like
that. We don't even know if Angela is alive.  If she is alive, she might not want to see us."

Andy pounced on me with an intensity which equaled her mother's hysteria of minutes ago.  She
grabbed my shoulders and shook me as she spoke.

"Find her! Find her now, Davy!  You must do it!"

"I will, sweetheart.  I will."

"No.  I mean now!  Get up and do it now!"

"Andy.  Settle down."

"Damn you! Now!" she screamed as she hit my chest with her fist.

While, as you know, I love Andy with all my heart and would do anything for her, I had enough
female hysteria for the moment. Her hysteria was not helping address the problem, in any event.

"Kitten Andy. Programming adjustment. You will be calm about your sister.  You will not worry
about finding her, trusting me to handle the situation. Kitten Andy.  Programming terminated."

Andy wobbled and fell against me, wrapping her arms around me for support.  I held her until she
pushed back to look up at me.

"It is wonderful you will handle this for us so I don't have to worry about it.  Thank you, Davy.  I
know you will do what is right."

It was said sweetly and lovingly.  There was not an ounce of tension or anxiety in her voice or
body.  She brought her lips to mine in a gentle kiss.

"Program me the same way, please, Davy," Mary said softly.

"Me, too," Lisa added.

One of the disadvantages of being the tom cat instead of the kitten is no one programmed me to
relax while someone else worried about it. Once again, I silently thanked Uncle Bert for having
Andy program me to think deeply, clearly and calmly which she did that first day I met her.  

After programming Mary and Lisa, I took some deep breaths and concentrated on the problem. 
By dinner, my attorney in Denver had located a private investigator in Chicago.  When I talked to
him, I offered double his regular rate and he started immediately. 

Our whole world had changed. 

Suddenly, there was a new woman in our lives.  This would not be a kitten I could fuck and forget,
not unless I reprogrammed Mary, Andy and Lisa to forget what they had only just learned. While
the idea of another Andy was tremendously appealing, another kitten in the household did change
our relational equilibrium.

I lay awake in bed that night, Andy to my left, Mary to my right, with Lisa to her right. I felt
Andy's hand steal across my chest.

"I can't sleep," she whispered.

"Me either.  Let's get up."  

As we tried to slip out of bed, Mary and Lisa announced they were still awake.  Soon, all four of
us were in the living room with a large bowl of popcorn between us, talking about what was
happening.

The programming to be calm and let me worry about finding Angela, the natural sweet happiness
of my kittens, the knowledge a detective was at work, and the passage of some time, had restored
us all to the positive well being we normally enjoyed. 

Once again, we laughed together.  By now you know, the laughter we shared is as important, or
more important, than the sex we shared.  Laughter is the music of love.

Of course, as always, Andy was an imp.

"You know, sweetheart.  I am a twin.  You have twin sisters.  I could be carrying twins right now
and we would not know it yet," Andy said, stuffing popcorn in her mouth. "And, Mom gave birth
to twins, so when she gets pregnant, they could be another set of twins. Then, if Angela gets
pregnant by you, well.  Think, Davy.  Three sets of twins at one time.  Lisa's baby would make
seven, or eight, if she has twins.  Eight newborns.  What about that?"

Suddenly, I was horrified that all of them were unprotected and liable to get pregnant.  I never
thought about eight babies at once.  

Andy laughed at my expression and patted my cheek with a soft hand greasy with popcorn butter.



"I wonder what she is like?" Mary said half to herself.

We all wondered that and the conversation quickly became speculation about Angela. 

Think about it!  

Was Angela an identical twin? Or, a fraternal twin, looking no more like Andy than any sister born
at a separate time? Was I going to find a new Andy or someone entirely different? Was she
married or engaged or what?  What would be the differences between Andy and Angie? What
impact had living with her father had on her?  

The happy mood of the evening was contagious.  Soon, we all were giggling. And, when we
giggle, we touch.  Then, Andy started talking about her own pregnancy again. She bit off the end
of the pickle she was eating and set up, cupping her breasts in her hands and staring down at them.

"Mom, did your boobs grow when you had me? I mean, had us?"

"Yes.  They were gigantic.  You know, Andy, you have to dispose of all that milk regularly.  One
baby probably cannot take it all."

"Oh, I bet I know someone who will help with that," she said, leering at me. She leaned over to
dangle a nipple in my face.

"Want to practice suckling my tits?" she asked, pushing her nipple against my mouth. 

I wanted to and I did.  She moaned and pushed her breast harder against me.

"Mom?  Is he doing it right?" Andy asked breathlessly.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I am getting horny from this.  Does that happen?"

"Not with all women.  It did with me.  I wanted to be fucked after most feedings."

"I thought maybe the way he was sucking might make me horny but not make my milk flow."

"There is a right way and a wrong way to do it.  He would have to suckle my breast for me to be
sure."

"Well, let him," Andy retorted.

Mary moved to let her breast dangle over my mouth.  I suckled.  Then, Lisa wanted to know what
it felt like. So, we ended the evening with me suckling breasts,  "just for practice" as Andy said. 
No, we really ended in the bedroom as we always did, but you guessed that, didn't you?  

I wondered if there was a way to keep one or all of them in milk forever.  I have heard mother's
milk is very healthy. 

I closed my eyes and tried to imagine Andy's D-cup breasts twice as big, with so much heavy and
rich milk it oozed from her nipple. I fantasized her leaning over me, her huge breast dangling
above my face, as I leisurely sucked. She was moaning in sexual need as her sweet, hot milk
flowed into me.  Ummm.  Nice fantasy.  I was looking forward to making it a reality.

It took a week for the PI report to come in.  When he called about nine in the morning, I
immediately called Mary at the store.  She made me promise not to say anything to the others until
she got home.  When she arrived, the four of us sat at the kitchen table as I gave them the report.

"Donald Anderson died four years ago.  He was married once. His wife died in childbirth leaving
him a baby girl to raise ('Bastard,' Mary muttered). Angela Anderson, his only child ('I am his
child', Andy interrupted) lives with Patricia Anderson Caldwell, Donald's sister, and George
Caldwell, her husband, in Grosse Pointe, Michigan.  George Caldwell is an attorney.  His wife,
Angela's aunt, is Angela's legal guardian.  Angela has just completed her freshman year at the
University of Michigan. The Caldwells have two natural children, Elizabeth, who is nineteen and
George, Jr., twenty-one.  Both are students at Michigan. No picture or description of Angela was
given."

"What now, Davy?" Mary asked.

"I could not get a charter on such short notice, but I made reservations on a commercial flight.  Go
pack."

On the way to the plane, I adjusted their programming to allow them to enjoy the excitement of
finding Angela, even if it meant they were harder to handle.  Is that love, or stupidity, or what? 
Whatever it was, it was greatly appreciated by all three of them.  I never lose when they are
grateful.  Believe me.

We flew first class, the four of us occupying the first row.  After the seat belt sign was
extinguished, they huddled on one side, gossiping and giggling.  The three of them chattered like
birds all the way there. I tried to nap, but, I could hear them. Does she look like me?  Is her hair
long?  Is she sweet? Pregnant? Married? Smart? On and on, questions never ceasing.  By now,
they had thought of every possible question about her, but they liked to discuss them over and
over.

The flight arrived at Wayne County Airport, which serves the greater Detroit area, about five.  We
rented a Cadillac and drove the interstate past downtown Detroit into The Pointes.  The Caldwells
lived in a lovely home near Lake St. Claire.  It was six thirty when I rang their bell.

A tall, distinguished looking man with greying hair answered. He was wearing a white shirt, tie and
suit pants, indicating he had not changed since he came home from the office.  His eyes scanned
us, stopping when he came to Andy.

"What is the matter, Angie?  Forget your key?" he said.  

All three of my kittens gasped at George's misidentification. His color paled.  His eyes scanned us
again, slower and harder this time, stopping a long time to study Mary. Then, he focused on Andy
again.

"You are not Angie, are you?"

"No, sir.  I am Andy, her twin sister.  May I call you Uncle George?"

The man looked as shocked as we had been when we first heard the news.  It seemed an hour, but,
actually he recovered fairly quickly, and a warm smile covered his face.

"Yes, Andy, you can.  You better come in," he said as he opened the screen door for us. 

He hugged each of the women as they entered, holding on to Andy a long time, which I presumed
was an uncle's love and not because her delicious body was pressed hard against him.  Excusing
himself, he asked us to wait.

As we stood in the living room, the three kittens were holding hands, excited and anxious
expressions on their faces.  I told myself to be calm.  In a moment, George returned with a tall,
thin and elegant woman whom he introduced as Patty, his wife.  Without speaking, she stared
open mouthed at Andy.  Tears forming in her eyes, she took Andy in her arms and hugged her.

For the next hour or so, we talked to George and Patty. It was clear they were two kind, decent
people who loved Angela and had her best interests at heart. They were as surprised to find Angie
had a sister and a mother as we were to find out about Angie. 

"Don told us Angie's mother died giving birth," Patty said during the conversation.  "Obviously,
that is not true."

"No. It is not,"  Mary replied.  She told them of the arrangement to separate the girls. And, she
told Patty of her brother's cruelty.  Patty looked very pained.   

"I knew my brother had a mean streak, but I never guessed he would do something like this. 
Mary, I am so sorry."

Patty was being sincere.  It seemed nature had played a mean trick on the Anderson children,
giving Patty most of the good and Donald most of the bad. That happens sometimes.

Finally, Patty asked.  "What do you want of Angela?"

"I want her to come live with me, with us, I mean," Mary replied.  "I want my daughter."

"Let me ask a question, if I may?" George said, in his best lawyer's tone.   His face turned a bit
red. "I am not criticizing, you understand.  You are lovely people, but, your life style.  We are
conservative sociologically and I see . . . "

None of us helped him out.  We waited for him.

"I see three very sensual women"

"George!" Patty interjected.

"They are, Patty. I see three very sensual women who live with one man.  Those women have
identical necklaces with kittens charms, and rings on their thumbs.  We only want the best for
Angie. I mean, could you tell us, well, how she would benefit from being with you?"

"Look at us!  Don't we look unbelievably happy?  Don't we look healthy and well loved and cared
for? Don't we appear to be a wonderful, tight-knit family?"

"You do, Lisa.  By the way, exactly how do you fit in?"

"She is my sister,"  Andy said defiantly, holding Lisa's hand.

"Your child, Mary?"

"No.  But, she and Andy are just like sisters. Lisa will be a sister to Angie, too."

"And, you?" George said looking at me.

"I am not Andy's sister," I replied flippantly.
 
He gave me a dirty look.

"Look!  We have a legal responsibility to Angie.  And, we love her as if she were our own."

How was I to answer the question?  I could program them to not worry about Angie or to forget
she even existed. I was ready to do just that, but an idea struck me. Guessing from George's age
that he would remember the communes which were popular a while back, I gave him this answer. 

"We are a commune, except we bathe and cut our hair," I said with a smile.  I was not sure they
were going to like that answer, but George grinned for a moment before continuing.  

"I remember the communes.  Free sex and all that.  I do not think Angie would like that kind of
arrangement."

"Oh, we don't have free sex.  Davy is the only man who fucks us," Andy said with a bounce in her
voice.  Then, she blushed and squirmed in her seat. 

"She probably will not want to go," George continued. "She is very happy here.  She has made
many friends. And, never forget, she will be very shocked, and quite possibly hurt, by the
existence of a mother and a twin sister."

Andy's face fell. A tear rolled down her cheek as she pleaded with him.

"Please, Uncle George!  Let me talk to her!"

I could see George relent a little.  Andy gave him that sick puppy look and batted those big, blue
eyes at him. All you men know that look.  And, all you women use it whenever you think it will
help.

"Uncle George, when can I meet my sister?" she said in a plaintive tone.

George lovingly stroked her head. 

"They called this afternoon. Angie and my son and daughter are driving in from Mackinaw Island. 
They should be here in another hour or so."

"Can we wait?"

"Let us talk to her when she gets in.  She needs some time with this, Andy.  She will be horribly
shocked.  Why don't you come back for breakfast?  Say, nine in the morning?"

George could not be persuaded to let us stay to meet Angie.  I grudgingly admired how he
maintained his resolve in the face of three pleading and very determined women who used every
female trick to break him down. I finally had to order the three of them to leave, which they did
with tears and grumbling. We drove down Jefferson Street and checked into the Westin Hotel in
the Renaissance Center, taking a two-room suite with a king-sized bed.  We ordered seafood salads
with pie for dessert from room service.

The four of us talked for hours, letting our excitement run down in the process.

Our speculation on what Angela was like had been modified since we now knew she looked
exactly like Andy.  George had mistaken Andy for Angie when we first arrived. But, the repetitive
speculation continued.

"The important question," I said, "is whether she will want to go back to Colorado with us."

"How much formula do you have with you?" Andy asked.

"Enough for five people."

"If we have to program everyone in the family, she is coming home with us."

Andy's strident voice and determined jaw faded.  She looked a little embarrassed as she crawled
into my lap and pressed herself against me.

"Am I being too pushy?"

"No.  You are not."

"You know how much I love you.  You know I would walk away now and never mention her
again if you wanted me to, even without you changing my programming."

"Yes, Andy.  I know."

She smiled very lovingly at me. Her eyes were soft and wet. Then, she got that gleam in her eye,
the one saying she had the winning hand and knows it.  

"I know you love me, love the three of us, so much you will make sure she comes with us whether
she wants to or not.  And, I know you will not program us to forget her."  

"Yes, Andy, my precious kitten.  I love all of you that much."

She kissed me, softly at first, but with increasing ardor.

"If you love us that much, why don't you take us to bed and prove it." 


To be continued . . . 

Please!  Give me your comments.  

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com

