TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c April 25, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story Title: For Mother's Day:  A Trilogy of Tales Where 
Dominant and Cunning Matriarchs Influence Male Relatives 
Into Cuckoldry

TALE #1: A Mother's Advice
Author: C.D.E.


CAST:
Husband-Vern
Wife-Marsha

CHAPTER 1: MOTHERLY GUIDANCE

	"It's to the point that every time we make love now, 
it's only after she's been with him or his buddies.  I-I've 
pretty much resigned myself to the fact that the only way 
I'll have her to myself is after she's been used and full 
of some black man's cum in her.  She even has the smell of 
semen and their cocks on her breath.  I tried to get her to 
at least clean up some before we get together, but she is 
quick to tell me that's the way they want her to be.  She 
tells me my choices are their way or no way.  T-This is all 
so hard on me mother."
	"I know it is son.  However, like we've discussed in 
the past, you're in a very poor bargaining position.  You 
love her, and she's assured me she loves you.  But we both 
know she needs their big cocks."
	"By the way, can you believe she lied on you?"
	"She did?  How son?"
	"I meant to tell you this the other day, but you 
weren't home.  She said you encouraged her to forget about 
my suggestion of leaving her black lover and his friends, 
but to instead build our marriage around them.  Can you 
believe that?"
	"Vern Dear, I know this may be hard for you to accept 
now, but she didn't lie.  I told her that."
	"W-What!  H-How could you mother?"
	"I thought you might be a bit upset, but my reasoning 
is that now that she's been exposed to not only bigger 
cocks -  much bigger than yours I might add - but also the 
stamina and excitement of big black dicks, the only way I 
see for your marriage to achieve stability is for her to 
continue being the slut she is for them.  You on the other 
hand, have to also accept the situation of her being their 
woman, and adjust accordingly."
	"Mother?"
	"Son, it's obvious you and her love each other.  But, 
you just can't give it to her with your small prick and 
your tongue, no matter how hard you try.  You can't help 
that.  Those are physical things beyond your and her 
control.  Let her lovers take care of those things.  You, 
on the other hand need to concentrate on the deep love you 
too feel for each other.  That's really the only way you'll 
be happy, and she'll be happy.  You see son, if you push 
her to make a decision, I'm afraid you'll lose out, even 
though she loves you."
	Mother and I talked further and the logic of what she 
said was so logical even if I didn't like what I was 
hearing.
	"I-I understand where you're coming from, but I-I 
guess I'm having a hard time understanding her seeming to 
like humiliating me with their sexual prowess.  It-it 
really hurts when she compares me to them.  I-I just know 
she does it to hurt me."
	"I won't rule that out, but son you have to accept her 
doing that to you because, after a woman has been sexed by 
better men, it may cause her to be that way from time to 
time.  Her actions may be conscious or subconscious.  
Either way, it may give her a cheap thrill to see your 
reaction.  The pleasure of such a thrill may be so 
pleasurable to her sadistic streak - which everyone has in 
them - that it's unavoidable that she won't taunt you in 
some way, even though she loves you and even feels sorry 
for you.  Dear, the bottom line is that she is crying out 
for you to show your love when she does things like you 
say."
	"S-She is?"
	"Yes. And it's up to you to rise above petty self-
esteem selfishness on your part.  Admit or agree with her 
that you not as good as her black lovers.  It's the truth.  
So say so."
	"S-So by doing so, it s-sort of takes the wind out of 
her sail so to speak?"
	"Yes, that the attitude sweetie.  And in regard to her 
coming to you used and smelling of their spent sperm, both 
in her, and on her in dried splattered splotches in her 
hair, on her tits, her clothes, and so forth, you must 
accept and deal with it, and show her your love as a 
loving, faithful, husband."
	"H-How?  Give her a bath?"
	"Yes dear, but with your tongue."
	"W-What!  You're saying..."
	"Yes son, I'm advocating it's best for you to overcome 
your reluctance to lick and eat her lovers sperm they've 
left in and on her.  Show her your love.  An emotional as 
well as physical love, only you can give her at such 
moments when she opens her bra to let you suck on a cum 
coated tit, or parts her legs and presents you with her 
fuck bruised sloppy slimy cunt leaking their abundant spent 
loads."
	"E-Emotional... physical love?"
	"Yes son, emotional because you're there for her and 
accept her as the way she is.  The way her men want you to 
have your wife.  The way she wants you to have her.  In her 
eyes dear, you're her pussy whipped wimpy husband dear.  
She wants you to show her you are.  You do so by showing 
your physical love.  Passionately French kiss her.  
Overlook her blowjob breath and that she's swallowed 
several heavy wads of fresh hot jism, or that her tongue 
and lips have lapped and kissed their big black cocks and 
hairy balls.  Savoir the kiss and consider the taste and 
seminal fragrance as an exotic attribute.  Next move to her 
breast and also love her as you normally would.  Don't 
dwell on the dried cum drops and dregs on her tits and 
tummy.  Just lap them up and keep on your journey to the 
heart of the matter."
	"Journey? H-Heart of the matter?"
	"Her pussy, silly boy.  And when you kneel before her 
parted legs and staring right into her well fucked oozing 
twat and messy sperm soaked bush, don't be uneasy or 
reluctant in the least about going down on her.  Dive into 
it with gusto. Look upon this as your realm of love making, 
where you're the master.  Mouth, tongue, suck and eat your 
wife out like there's no tomorrow.  Think of what the 
others have done before you as only foreplay to prepare her 
for you, for this moment of love.  You'll find she'll have 
an orgasm second to none.  If you do all I've told you, 
you'll never have to worry about her leaving you or some 
other man taking her away from you."
	"I-I see.  Y-you think I-I could really keep her 
by..."
	"Of course you can sweetie.  Don't fight being what 
you are in this situation.  You're her wimp husband.  You 
love her.  She loves you and wants your love as only a 
wimpy husband can do so.  That's your secret and your 
strength to her dear.  Now go save your marriage and keep 
your wife from possibly from leaving you."
	I kissed mom and thanked her for her advice before I 
left for home.  On the way home I thought over every word 
of her advice and accepted her logic.  I knew that the only 
way to execute her plan was indeed to check my macho pride 
and self esteem at the door and do what she said.

CHAPTER 2  Using Mother's Advice

	Mother's advice worked to the tee.  Now Marsha and I 
are so much closer.  It's been two months since I started 
following mother's counsel.
	I've pretty much gotten acclimated to the taste of and 
consuming other's men's sperm from my wife.  My tongue 
spends far more time in her cunt than my five-inch prick.
	A typical scenario is for her to come in from a date 
and I give her `mouth love' for as long as an hour.  She 
relishes straddling my face and rubbing her cunt all over 
it as I suck out the draining spermy dregs her lovers have 
shot deep up her pussy.  Sometimes she'll get on the phone 
and talk to her lover or a girl friend as she's grinding 
her oozing cunt on my upturned face.  She often let them 
know what was going on, especially if she gets breathless 
and got off as she's talking.
I at first was surprised to find out she'd let her 
girlfriends and lovers know of me eating up fuck fluids 
from her.  However, she seemed so proud of me for "eating 
her cream pie", I didn't stay angry for long after she told 
me she'd told all her lovers I ate their "dick cream."  She 
also let me know that they didn't disrespect or think bad 
of me for doing that.
	"They all tell me they see it as rather natural for 
you doing that.  I see it as being really romantic of you 
darling and I just love you being my pussy sucking stud."
	Marsha has a way with words.  I wasn't sure if others 
might take what she said as a compliment, but I did.
Just as mother said, my wife really did need for me to 
just be myself.
	I've found that by basically not doing anything, or 
more descriptively, being a doormat and being more of a 
wimp, my marriage and relationship with my wife, and her 
lovers has gotten so much better.  There is hardly any  
tension between them and me and her.  She's recently 
started inviting them over to our house and our bedroom 
while I'm there.
	Marsha and I have a very stable marriage now.  Six 
months ago, I never thought this possible.  She has three 
steady lovers - all black studs - and they are a fixture in 
our marriage.
	Marsha has repeatedly let me know that she won't 
tolerate me being unfaithful to her.  I have accepted that 
and have accepted that the marriage is only open in regard 
to her, and her dating and sexing other men.
	I have pretty much accepted my hubandly role.  I get a 
bit jealous occasionally, especially when I watch or help 
her get ready for her dates with her lovers. 
	I'm pretty much a house spouse when it comes to social 
activities and going out.  I don't seem to really have the 
time anyway, with all the housework that has to be done. 
You see, even though my wife doesn't work, her lovers 
come by many times during the day while I'm working and tie 
up her with getting all the cum from their black poles.  As 
a result, she just doesn't have the time to get everything 
done.  Additionally, they also want her to go out with them 
in the evenings also, so that means that I have to fill in 
around the house.
"Vern?."
"yes Marsha dear."  I replied to my wife's call as she 
was walking in the door with two shopping bags one evening.
"Which one of these do you like best?"  She asked 
holding up what looked like two long blouses.  One was a 
blue floral print, the other a pink floral print.
"They both will look pretty on you, since you have 
blue eyes."  I paused before asking  "But aren't they a bit 
big for you?"
"They're maternity tops darling, the matching skirts 
are here in the bag."
"M-Maternity tops!  Y-You're..."
"Yes darling, we're going to have a baby."  Marsha 
smiled and embraced me as I sat.  She next sat on my lap 
and told me all about her visit to the OBGY and revealed 
that she was almost six weeks pregnant.
As she talked, my mind reminded me we hadn't had 
regular intercourse in two months.  She'd been jacking and 
sucking me off	during that time.
"B-But M-Marsha it, uh, the b-baby c-can't be..."
"Can't be yours?  No it's not darling. It has to be 
either Ted, or Lane, or Rufus.  One of them is the real 
father.  But you're going to be baby's legal daddy. Aren't 
you excited?"
"B-B-But Marsha, t-the baby will be b-black."
"Only half darling, but that won't matter.  It will be 
ours."

ANOTHER TALK WITH MOTHER

	"Yes Vern I know she's going to have a baby.  You 
should be proud that they've selected you to be the daddy 
of their baby."
	"But mother, h-how can I feel pride in being not only 
truly cuckolded in such a b-brazen manner, but be made a 
fool of.  I-I'll be humiliated beyond belief."  I replied 
with a tone of anguish. 
Copyright c April 25, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	"Now, now.  You not only can feel pride, but also 
should show pride at your wife having another man's baby.  
It doesn't matter that the man is black and the baby also.  
What's important is the love between you two.  The formula 
is simple.  You want her and she wants his baby.  Therefore 
if you want her, you want her and the baby since it's a 
package deal."
	Once again, I heeded mother's advice.  Eight months 
later, my wife and I were the new parents of Lane's baby 
son.  He looked just like his biological father.
	Mother adores her new grandson and has lectured me 
repeatedly about not treating the baby as less than my own 
son. She has made me promise so several times, including at 
least three times in Lane's presence.
	Knowing that the child is innocent and legally mine, I 
wouldn't do otherwise, and especially so since `our' son is 
also part of the woman I love so dearly. 
	
EPILOGUE

Five years later, Vern and Marsha's family includes 
four children, including a set of fraternal twins from 
Rufus and a daughter by Ted. Vern is the dutiful father, 
who is the primary babysitter for his young family, as his 
wife still frequently dates and entertains their children's 
real fathers and their friends.
Vern understands and accepts that his wife will 
continue to be a slut for black cocks and that he will only 
get whatever loving is left over after her lovers have 
enjoyed her charms.
Vern still credits his mom with helping him save his 
marriage and keeping it on a solid footing.

----END OF TALE#1----
    Go to Tale #2

Like these type fictional stories? Send comments or future story ideas 
to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com
	
