Jane's Mishaps With Teleportation
by Col-El 

Chapter One:

Jane Archer is an inventor, dedicated to impress the scientific community with her latest groundbreaking inventions with various degrees of success. She was at an american expo for fellow inventors, where people from around the world could come one stage to demonstrate their latest scientific achievement; and Jane's latest creation was bound to impress her peers that night. The young lady was dressed in her smartest pants suit, the polyester hugs her smooth, hourglass like figure as she enters the auditorium. With her long dark hair neatly tied into a bun, she was ready to walk on stage and present herself to over two hundred different inventors and people willing to fiance the best device on display. As the bright stage lights shine in her eyes, a nervous bid of sweat slowly slides down the dark skin of her pretty face. "Ladies and gentlemen, fellow scientist and inventors." She boldly said, addressing the audience. "Today i present the latest break through in teleportation!" She unveils a podium where a small device sits on top: it was roughly the size of a mug.

Jane explains: "This device will allow the user to teleport themselves anywhere they would like to go." The audience was sceptical of Jane's pie in the sky claims, but were interested in seeing where she was going with this. She continues to show of the silver, cylindrical teleport device. The buttons and switches were sprawled across the body, Jane demonstrated that this machine could be worn like a bulky watch, she puts it on her wrist, it fits her like a metal bracelet. But what really caught the audiences attention was the bright screen that covered most of the devices body. Jane explains that the screen worked like the average smart phone, as she showed of the devices digital keyboard. "All you need to do is type in the exact coordinates and or address of where you'd like to go and it'll break down the bodies molecules and send them to your destination." The lady had their attention, but now they needed proof that her machine could do the things she said it could.

And so Jane decided to do just that, as she typed some coordinates into the white touch pad; her plan was to teleport from one end of the building to the other, seems simple, right? As Jane gets ready a million thoughts start running through her head. On the one hand the device she had spent nearly a year designing, building and experimenting with had successfully worked during its initial testing, so she was confident it would work now. But with over a hundred people watching this cannot go wrong now, the device needed to work now, otherwise the work she put her heart and soul into would've been for nothing; and that thought worried Jane the most. After typing the coordinates in, Jane presses a large red button, the device started to glow brighter than it was earlier; a bright white light engulfed her body. And with a flash, Jane finds herself somewhere she doesn't recognise; she was far from where she wanted to be.

Jane was conflicted about the current situation: Yes, she proved to the audience that her device could teleport her elsewhere, but Jane had no idea where it sent her to. She looked around to see the trees that surround her. "Where am i?" The woman asked herself. The contraption on her wrist brought her to this luscious jungle; where the bright sun shines down through the tree tops, this confused Jane; as it was eight o'clock in the evening when she gave her presentation. "What is this place?" Jane ask herself whilst slowly making her way through the trees. It was quiet, she flinched as twigs and sticks can heard breaking underneath her bare feet. Then she realises something: her high heeled shoes have vanished. But that's not all, as she looks further down to see that all of her clothes have completely vanished. The woman screamed in shock and terror as she tries to cover her naked body. "Where are my clothes!?" Jane shouted in desperation, wearing nothing but the device on her wrist. Even the hair band that was keeping her hair up had vanished as well; as her dark hair had already dropped down, barely reaching her tender nipples. With one hand covers her unshaven bush, while the other is sprawled across her soft boobs; Jane rushes to a thick tree to hide her slim thick physique, pressing her exposed body against the tree to cover herself. 

Jane was embarrassed. "What am i going to do with no clothes?" She says to herself, tears forming around her eye. She started thinking to herself, wondering what went wrong? The teleportation jump must've either left her clothes back at the expo stage, or disintegrated them completely due to them being non-organic. She continues to worry: "Oh my god. Where am i? What if somebody sees me?" She spends a while peaking her head around each corner, she didn't want anyone she her plump booty out on display like that. How embarrassing would that be? Jane made herself paranoid by checking if it was clear to move out into the open. Wherever this contraption sent her, Jane knew she couldn't stay here without any clothes; and so the naked lady bit her tongue in order to teleport once again. She was hoping this jump would take her back to the expo. After typing on the keyboard, Jane crosses her fingers and teleports away with a flash of light; unsure if she end up at the place she wanted to go to.


Chapter Two:

A young Asian couple were getting married in the middle of a church, their friends and family watches as the priest pronounce the happy couple the two as husband and wife; however the room is suddenly filled with a brief but blindingly bright light, as everyone watches a random black lady appear from out of nowhere, her naked body on display in front of everyone. Jane was standing with the couple at the alter. The crowd gasp at the sight of her nude figure, none of them knew where she came from, and Jane was just as confused about where she was. As soon as Jane realised that she's in front of crowd of people, she reactivity covers her voluptuous body, her thick thighs were crossed in order cover her pussy. The bride was furious. Jane didn't understand what the Japanese lady was saying, but from the her aggressively confrontational tone of voice; the English speaking Jane could tell she'd unknowingly ruined her big day. "Listen, i'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt anything." Jane was apologetic to the woman continued shouting at her; all the while the groom tried to avoid looking at the attractive naked woman being shouted at by his newly wed wife.

Jane noticed that the church was decorated with multiple bouquets of white flowers, she grabs the nearest one in order to cover her large juicy boobs. "I hope you don't mind if i borrow this." She awkwardly ask, too nervous to look at anyone directly . This inspires anger from the bride and her father; who at this point are angrily ordering this naked gate crasher to leave. Jane continues to anxiously apologise for everything; but due to the language barriers, neither party can understand what the other is telling them. Nevertheless, Jane, utterly humiliated, rushes down the aisle and towards the door; tears rolling down her cheeks. The wedding guest watches Jane streak by, her ass jiggles with each step she took. Without looking back, Jane runs out of the church, the chill outdoor breeze washes over Jane's smooth looking skin as she wanders out into a crowded street. 

People were going by their day stumbled upon the site of a upset woman with nothing on but a bunch of flowers to cover herself. As the people walked past looking at her weirdly, Jane began to take in her surroundings, whilst holding the bouquet tightly in-between her cleavage, propped up with one arm sprawled over her tender nipples. That's when she noticed the street signs, the local shops and billboards; all written in Japanese. Jane was dumbfounded. "Oh my god, no!" Jane shouted in distress. The naked lady was so far from home, with nothing but muddy feet and a dodgy teleporter. "How is this possible? Why won't it work!?" She shouted at the teleport device on her wrist; she didn't ask it to take her to Tokyo, and well here she is. The strangers continue passing by, as they watch this random naked lady get on her knees in order repeatably yell that what appears to be her wrist watch.

After a short while Jane hears the sound of foots steps rapidly approaching; she turns to see two Japanese police officers running across the road, their making their way closer, yelling at her to stay where she is. That's when she panicked: "Oh no!" Jane said, standing up. She started running down the street, not wanting to be arrested for anything, let alone public nudity; that would kill her scientific career. So she ran faster and faster; pushing her way past the fully clothed crowd of people. The officers were still in pursuit, ordering her to stop; but she wouldn't stop. Jane knew that no one would believe her story about the teleporter device; and so she continued to sprint away from the officers. Flowers fall from he bouquet the further she went. Her heart was pounding harder with each beat; as she tries harder to out run the pursing officers.


