TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  FEBRURARY 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, MF, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

I call myself the Collector.  I live in Phantomville.  You readers know of this little town through the author C.D.E.

And in this very interesting city, I find out things.  I listen for information.  I capture and collect facts and tidbits of knowledge of all sorts.

I have been a cable guy, a pool guy, a home repairman, you name it, I've been all those things.  That's how I've gotten into many homes and businesses. It really has helped me with my information voyeurism collection.

What you are about to read is a story I've acquired through through less than legal means.  Even though I use various electronic devices to eavesdrop, I also have been known to do some breaking and entering.  This is how I obtained the following story from a Relationship Counselor's files. The names have been changed to protect all parties.  

And even I must admit it is a very interesting account of the type things that occur here in my fair city of Phantomville.

I have enlisted the aid of C.D.E. to put the final touches on this intriguing expose and to bring it to your attention.  For I wish to remain in the background and do what I do best.  That is, to remain anonymous so as to feed my little voyeuristic hobby.  Who knows what future narratives might be forthcoming, from me, the Collector.


Title:  Phantomville VOL 2: A Husband's Saga
Author: C.D.E. & The Phantomville Collector

CAST:
Wayne - Husband
Julie - Wayne's wife
Ted - Wayne's wife's boss and the family stud
Dr. Johnson  Relationship Counselor



Dear Dr. Johnson,

As you requested me to do as part of my therapy, I have written a story about the events in my marriage.  And just as you said, writing about them does ease the stress I have endured as a cuckolded husband who has an unassuming and submissive personality, but with a beautiful wife  Julie - who is a cock magnet for well endowed aggressive men.

As I began to outline how and what I was going to write, I really didn't have a clue where to start, so I just wrote about a few recent events I've had to deal with.  My story is at the end of this letter and I hope you find it readable. Also, I will be bringing the story topics to you for discussion at our next session.  However, I suspect that I will have to go along with Julie's boss's program - again.  However, as I said, we'll talk about that later.

However, as I'm writing this letter, which is sort of a preface to my story, I have to thank you for the countless time, for your sincere and caring counsel.  I don't think I could have endured all that I've been through without your professional guidance and advice. 

As you know, I didn't discover Julie was untrue to me until she became pregnant by her boss  Ted  5 months before our wedding in June of 19XX.

As you know now, I was so upset and devastated to learn of her infidelity.  And in addition, I was further anguished and overwhelmed with humiliation when I learned that the tasty creamy gooey-ness I often enjoyed when sucking Julie's delectable pussy, was that way in great part from the ejaculatory spend from the cocks of her many past lovers, and recently at that time, quite a lot of the ejaculations from her now primary stud and boss  Ted.

Sure her pussy had a seminal and gamy smell, but I found it erotic and tantalizing, and well tasty.  Plus it was such a wonderful feeling being so close and intimate with her, as she held my head in the grotto of her hot moist hairy crotch.  And with me being so trusting and inexperienced, I simply never thought Julie would have me feasting on other men's spent spunk.  

As you know, I discovered that I'd consumed a lot of it though. 

As you also know, when I came to you for counseling, I was still extremely naive and very inexperienced about sex.  As you also know, I was very experienced at masturbation, as mother stressed that is what I should do to relieve my sexual lust, and save my virginity for marriage. 

That is what I did through my teens and through college.  I was 23 when I met Julie.  All those years, mother monitored and questioned me frequently to ensure that my virginity was intact. She could easily tell if I was lying to her, so I didn't.

I lived at home all those years and she often had me masturbate as she looked on to ensure I did a proper job of fluid release to relieve my sexual pressure.  She was so proud of my continued virginity, and as a result since it pleased her, so was I even though I longed for sexual intercourse with a woman.

As we discussed in our sessions, once Julie learned I was a virgin, she insisted I remain so until we were married.  She made me swear a commitment to her, to do so.

I was a bit disappointed at her demand, but yet respected and admired her since her thinking was so akin to that of mother. 

To relieve our mutual sexual tensions which were inevitable, she taught me to perform oral sex upon her and had me jerk off for her afterwards.  This was how we had sex many, many times.   I found the taste of delightful and delicious.  And she seemed so pleased to see me beat my meat and come all over my hands.  She always had the biggest smile as as she watched me and had endless praise at how well I could masturbate and jack off my little prick - her words.  

I of course was a bit self-conscious of my small size, but Julie reassured me many times and emphatically, that my size was of no consequence to her, and the love she had for me was deep and pure.  She told me she had been looking for such a sweet, well mannered, gentleman like me for a long time.  And for me to be a virgin was extra special for her.

Julie admitted that she was not a virgin, but that she would remain abstinent along with me until we got married.  That is except for the special sex we two were having.  She and I didn't start our special sex until we were engaged. 

I was enthralled with her.  I felt we were true soul mates.  We were engaged only a month after our first date.  Mother liked her a lot too.  I think it was because was witty and decisive and a bit bossy like mom was.

You may remember from our sessions that Julie and I first met when I changed a flat tire for her.  

As you know, after her unfaithfulness was out in the open, Julie still expressed her still deep love for me despite how she had tricked and manipulated me in such an abject degrading way.

Julie readily confessed to cheating on me with many men, and having numerous one night stands, as well as turning some tricks when her money was short, during the earlier part of our engagement.

In the later part of our engagement, she got an office job working for Ted. Being very handsome and assertive and well endowed, he basically captivated her and made her, for all practical purposes his concubine.  Some might say his slut and whore.  He let her know he was not the marrying type, but that she and he could still be lovers while she remained with me.

I was pleased to learn later that she admitted to him, that she had a special love for me, despite that she lusted for him with a special passionate love.

Julie admitted that it was naughty and wicked to have tricked and treated me the way she did before meeting Ted, and of course afterwards with Ted, but that it gave her the greatest erotic thrill pleasure to know that she was sexually degrading me.  

And knowing you were so innocent, inexperienced, easy going, and naive just made it that more intense and special to me. That is the love I experienced with you Wayne.  A kind of love I have never experienced with any other guy.  Were Julie's words to me.  She spoke with such genuine sincerity, I couldn't help but believe her and  still want her to be mine, despite all that had happened and how I had been abused.

Wayne darling, I really love you, and I know you love me.  We have something special, but I care for Ted too and want to have his baby.  It will be our baby. He's not going to make any paternal claims.  He wants us to think of it as a wedding gift from him to get our marriage off to a good start.

Julie's words stunned me.  I was even more speechless when she added that she would still work for Ted as well as be his woman, while married to me.  

It took me a few moments to rebound from my flustered state of being dumbfounded by all she'd said.  However, after some involved thinking, I came to the conclusion that if I wanted Julie, I would probably have to have to accept her boss's gift to us.  She said abortion was out of the question.  But as I also concluded there was no reason I had to accept him as part of the package.

Julie had told me a lot about Ted, including how witty, persuasive and charismatic he was, and then went into more sordid aspects I really didn't want to hear about. Such as, how  good he was in bed, how big his penis was, and his stamina and prowess in using it.

I quickly concluded that her boss had brainwashed her and held some type of hypnotic sway over her to be able to have her to come to me and admit she was pregnant by him; tell me how she'd degraded me through our special sex activities; and still want me to marry her; and for her to remain his woman.

I was never so angered.  I'm not a confrontational man, but I just knew I had to go give her Boss a piece of my mind as well as get her another job.  I had made up my mind she had to leave this Rasputin.

Well Dr. Johnson, you know the outcome.  Despite Julie not wanting me to confront Ted, I did.  When I met him for the first time, the reality of his physical 6'1" height and massive muscular build, as compared to my 5'6" height and slender build, was a reality slap in the face

However, my anger drove me on. I was determined to let him know of my extreme displeasure with the gall he had shown in sending my fiancee to me not only pregnant, but sending me a message that she was still going to be his woman, even though she was soon to be my wife.

He let me vent for about 30 seconds, then with an obvious smirk on his face, he looked at me and asked Wayne, how did you like eating my cum out of Julie's pussy?

Those few words were worse than if he had knocked me to the floor. 

He knew he had my attention then. I became speechless. He next went into explaining his understanding why I should be angry at what he had done, and apologized, but then indicated that Julie ws to blame for being so weak with him.  He then moved on to Julie's sluttish background as well as her beauty, and then into her being a dick magnet.  He then went on to explain how there was no way I could fuck and satisfy her as he could, and that eating her used cum filled pussy was the best way for me to fulfill her kinky, or mental sexual satisfaction.  

He then indicated that he was doing me a favor in fucking her.  He also said that by intentionally knocking her up and letting her know he had no intentions of marrying her, the result was that she needed me more than ever - that is to be the daddy of her baby and to have the opportunity to humiliate me even more - which increased her kinky satisfaction.

"Wayne, I know you love her deeply. If you want her to be your loving wife, you'll accept the humiliation she's dumping on you now, and adapt to in the future. She'll be yours forever. You won't ever have to worry about losing her no matter how many different men fuck her, or knock her up, and cause her to bring their babies home to you."

Ted went on to tell me that from what she's told him of me and from what he's assessed of me just from meeting me, he said, "You should do well being put upon, feeling insignificant and and stripped of your self-esteem as a man."

He went on to add "Sharing her with a real man, who will give her reason to stay with you, is better than having no wife at all."

That stuck with me as a very profound statement, despite all the other derogatory comments and innuendos that had been literally poured on me in the discussion.

I was still speechless and silent the whole while he was talking.

You're not saying much Wayne. Cat got your tongue?  I know you have a lot on your mind.  here I want to show you something that may help bring home some of the points I've mentioned."

Saying that, he pressed the buttons on a TV remote on his desk and a wall mounted big screen TV, of his well adorned office suite, came to life with a video showing Ted and Julie finishing up a rousing a bout of sexual intercourse. She really came as he poured the meat to her.  As they settled down, he pulled his sizable cock from her very wet and messy looking cunt.  There was a long slimy fuck string briefly connected to his softened, but still sizable glistening cock, which had a large, well shaped dick head.

I could hear Julie thinking him for Fucking her so wonderfully - her words. There were quite a bit of conversation that took place in the 3 or so minutes of that part of the video, but the essence of it was that Julie was late meeting me and that Ted urged her to make sure I enjoyed eating his cum out of her well fucked pussy.

Oh Ted darling, you know I always do.  It makes me feel so good to have him eat your stuff and to hear and feel him slurping up your creamy jism.  It does me good to hear him sounding like a dog lapping up water.  Plus he really likes the taste of my cream pie.  He's a natural cum sucker.  I love him so much even though I can't help myself for wanting to treat him this way.  Spoke Julie as I see her on the video stuffing a handkerchief in her wet gash to keep Ted's cum from leaking.

I recalled her pulling a  handkerchief from her juicy muff many times before guiding my face to her moist and erotic gamy smelling hairy muff for our "special sex" sessions.

I sat speechless as Ted directed me to watch the time date information at the bottom of the TV screen.  The following scene showed Julie arriving at her place and soon after entering her apartment, where I was waiting on her, she began to undress and shortly thereafter, straddle my face and I was slurping loudly on the heavy deposit that less than 40 minutes earlier had been ejaculated in her by her Boss.

And very clearly recorded in bright color and in clear sound, was me feasting on his jism and extolling how tasty my fiancee's cunt was after it was obviously fucked by her boss.

To make matters worse, afterwards, while exposing her cunt and tits to me, I could be seen masturbating my cock while Julie was teasing and urging me to me look upon and see what was being denied to me now, but what awaited me on my wedding  night, as she rubbed her well sucked hairy muff and kneaded her ample tits.

Compared to Ted's magnificent member, I looked pathetic and even more so in the action of beating my meat.  And even more so as I shot my cum all over my hands and was moaning in pleasure of my welcomed release.

Mercifully, Ted clicked the video off.  Ejected the DVD and threw it at me.

You can have this one, I have plenty more, and of different dates.

I was so enervated I could barely move, even though I wanted to run out of that place so badly.  But before I could get up enough energy to move, Ted had some words for me.

Listen Wayne, some parting words. Julie is quite a catch for you. Sure, she's a slut and a whore, but so what.  You know you love her, and as you heard and as she's told you, she has a special love for you.  No real man could give her what she expects from you, but then I don't see you as much of a real man the way you like to eat her cum filled cunt.

He went on tell me a lot of what Julie had already confessed to me.  One of those revelations was as best she could recollect, up until that point in time, she had fed me the semen of at least 100 different men that had fucked her.  He basically told of things that validated she was an outright slut, and a part time whore.

He wasn't bashful as he added that he would get a kick out her being my wife and his slut. He went on.

And so you see Wayne, if I hadn't started fucking her and got her wrapped up, some other big dick guy would have.  I care for her in my own way too, but not near enough to want to marry her.  I'm glad she understands that.  But she's basically a good kid and I want to keep her around.  She does good work here.  And you might as well know this, I'm gonna have her occasionally put out for some of my clients, so you'll have to get use to that, and of course me fucking her too.

I couldn't believe it, but I did feebly respond to his outstretched hand.  His strong grip caused me to wince, which added to my feeling of being vanquished and so inferior to him.

I walked away in a fog of befuddlement and amazement. I couldn't help but hate the smooth talking Ted, but at the same time I couldn't help but be in awe of him also. For you see, I had to respect the wisdom of many of the things he'd said.

It was clear he had control over Julie and that I would have to accept that if I wanted her.  I also would have to accept his child in her too.  As I thought, I would also have to accept the humiliation she would dump on me, as she found me being humiliated her strongest attraction to me. 

As you know now Dr. Johnson, I was a totally beaten, and well, berated man when I left his office. 

I almost knew I would find it hard to walk away from Julie, but didn't want to admit it.

I didn't know what to do, so I went to mother - my rock - for advice. 

 

((((((WAYNE HAS A TALK WITH HIS MOTHER)))))))

"Son, just because Julie is a slut and whore, and is carrying another man's baby, and loves you because she can humiliate you easily, is not a solid reason to give up on a loving relationship that can be had between you two.

I looked at mother wild eyed.

Son I can see that you're a bit bewildered at my words, but the truth of the matter is that you're a nice well mannered boy, but you're still a wimp with a small dick and a weakling.  You should know by now, from all you've told me, you can't satisfy Julie without help from a real man that's well endowed and has the sexual stamina to please her.

Son, she needs both you and Ted.  He can satisfy her cunt as well as demand her respect and control her with his strengths, which you can't.  She needs that from him.  She also needs to dominate and put down a lesser male that knows he's not as superior as her real man. That's where you come in. In addition, she's let me know she's crazy about the way you You can give her wet, jism filled, well dicked, used pussy, a great tonguing.

Speechless still, I could only listen and wonder if this is the same person that I knew to be my mom.

Yes son, I like Julie.  I sort of suspected she wasn't as upfront and as pure as she originally pretended.  But I still like her spirit. She's also called me and told me a few things, since her confession to you. I think she's so right about you. She loves you, and she knows you love her. She really is sincere dear.

Finally able to speak, I asked mother if she supported Julie humiliating me as she had.

Son, as your mother, I want you to have happiness.  You know you love her deeply. You now find it humiliating that you were happy eating Julie's sloppy hairy cream pie for several months.  It was delicious to you.  Now that you know it was her lover's cum rather than her juices, should it matter?

My face turned red as I opened my mouth to reply, but was cut off.

The fact is, you were happy to do that for her and she was happy to have you do it. And yes, it would be humiliating for a real man to do that, but sweetie, a real man wouldn't like eating a cum filled hair pie anyway.  But remember son, you can be a good husband to Julie and not have to worry about being her real man. Okay?"

I cringed in silence at my own mother's words.

That's okay baby, you don't have to say a word. It's obvious what you have to do to have her as your wife.  And my vote is that you do it."

She then hugged me and I hugged her.

In a soft spoken matronly tone, mother let me know that she thought I would handle being humiliated very well.

	Wayne dearest, as your mother, I believe you have the stamina and will do very well being constantly humbled and reminded of your place by Julie, as well as Ted.  And a plus for you is that you're acclimated and love the taste of his cum being in her wet used drippy pussy."

"SIGH!  I-I am not a confrontational person a-and I-I try to get along with everybody."

"I know you do sweetie.  I know you'll get along very well with the two of them, no matter that you'll have to endure a some indignities and put-down from both of them.  But you'll adapt and soon find it second nature.  Your easy going nature is so well suited for this."


"SIGH! O-Okay, if-if you say so."

Mother also added that Julie's family had contacted her and that she agreed with them that Julie and I should begin visiting a Relationship Counselor 
you Dr. Johnson. 

Mother revealed at that time that you were an expert in helping couples where the secret to marital happiness is the husband being a cuckold. She was definitely right about that.

Well anyway, mother and I continued to talk.  We were still embracing as we did so.  She then brought up again my taste for Julie's cum drenched hair pie.

"B-But it-it is so embarrassing t-that I-I love the creamy taste of her after h-he's used her."

"Son, just focus on your enjoyment and doing a good job of pleasing her in the process of vacuuming all that creamy fuck gunk out out of her pussy." Was her advice.

Mother went on to tell me that my being a good cunt eater was one of my strong points.  Julie had told me the same thing.

Mother also told me that it would mean a  lot to Ted too, since that was a a sure sign of my respect to him, as well as a sincere gesture that he was the better man. 

"And son, as  her tummy swells with his baby, you'll get over that she's carrying his child. Sure you'll be a bit embarrassed that others will know it's not yours and that you're a virgin and have had to beat yourself off all the time Ted and other men were fucking her.  But you're very good at jacking off, and nobody can accuse you of not doing a good job of jerking off.  Can they baby?

I was embarrassed, but I meekly answered N-No they can't mother.  You taught me well how to jack off... a-and good too.  I replied while still embracing her tightly with my head on her shoulder.

Mother and I talked of my performing oral sex on Julie and told me of some techniques.  As a way of consoling me, she offered me her pussy to suck and practice on right then and there.  She also admitted that all our talking had gotten her heated and horny.

I know it was incest and probably immoral, but going down on mother and putting my mouth on her hot hairy pussy and licking and tonguing her muff was so thrilling. The white expanse of her parted fleshy thighs and the shape of the v they formed leading to her luxurious bush, was such an erotic enticing view.	

After my oral treatment on her, mother gave me a glorious hand job.  The release was so good and I guess that since it was mother's soft hands, that it all that much better.

All the while stroking me, mother told me what a good son I was and that it was important to save for myself for my bride, no matter that she was a slut and pregnant by her lover.

For some reason, mother's words, which were basically a validation of my humiliation, caused me to reach the point of no return and soon I was erupting all over mother's soft hands. I came really good.

In my sexual afterglow, mother kissed me and said Sweetie, that was good for both of us.  You really do suck pussy good.  I'm proud of you. We'll have to do this again. Okay?

Still a bit ashamed of having sexual activity with my mother, I silently nodded in the affirmative.

Good boy.  And Wayne, I have to say this, Julie is really an ideal mate for you. Spoke mother as she went on to explain that my new bride to be had accommodated my under endowment by getting me help I didn't know about in the form of other men and her Boss  Ted.  Mother also praised Julie for her getting me more skilled in the two things I do well at  namely sucking pussy and supervised masturbation.

I had to admit to mother that jacking off under Julie's observation was a pleasant reminiscent of me beating off while she watched me.

Wayne, even though Julie, cheated on and tricked you, that is by fucking other men and having you suck their cum from her cunt, it was for your own good.  It has resulted in you being acclimated and coming to see that you love eating her hairy cream pies.  And most importantly, realizing that it's a good thing for you to do. Not only as a most satisfying and effective way to please your wife-to-be, but for you to see that while it's not something a real man would do, it's okay for you as her husband-to-be to do.

I-I see.  Was all I could say as I replied softly.

And with Ted helping you two to get off on a good start with your family, it's really not as depressing a situation as you perceive it to be son.

When I left mother, I have to admit I was in a better frame of mind concerning my situation.  And she was right, I things didn't look a negative as I had perceived them to be.

Dr. Johnson, as you now know, Julie and I made up.  And with your counseling, I rather quickly adapted to sharing her with Ted, and other men, became increasingly at ease being a cunt sucking, second fiddle that remained in the background of our relationship.

By the time June came around, Julie was almost 5 months and very much showing.  She wanted a June wedding and the only way was for her to wear a maternity bride's gown.

The wedding was uneventful, except for Julie insisting that Ted be our best man.  I knew it was useless to object, as by that time, Ted had gotten to know both our families and won both over with his charisma. There was no doubt they thought he was the best man.

Julie's dad even told me I should be thankful that he even shares her with me the way he does.  He and most others knew that I was sucking Ted's cum from Julie's used twat and had readily assessed me as so much lower than a man.

Mother even chided me for even discussing it with her, in confidence.  She was amazed at why I could even fathom why I should in any way be embarrassed at him being in that role.

Wayne, dear, I thought by now you'd gotten over your silly pride and be more accepting of losing self-esteem and being put upon.  And you've been doing so well too with your therapy with Dr. Johnson.

However, she did indicate that from time to time, may need some strong encouragement to remind you of your lesser status.  She mentioned to me that you occasionally could probably use a good whipping to drive that point home.

I cringed and quickly begged mother's pardon for even bringing up the subject.  You see, I knew mother didn't mind giving me a good whipping.  I had experienced numerous ones from her, with the last being just 6 months before meeting Julie.

Mother was very pleased with the turn around in my attitude.

Dr. Johnson, after Julie had two additional babies from Ted, I pretty much had settled down into being the quintessential submissive cuckold husband.

I was a loving and caring daddy to our kids.  It wasn't in me to be otherwise. Both Ted, Julie, and our families and even my friends praised me for that.

I frequently did the babysitting while Ted and Julie go out on dates or out of town.  She and I seldom go out as a couple.  In fact I have gone out with she and Ted more often than she and I. I am basically their chauffeur on most of these occasions.

Our children all have strong facial resemblance to Ted and call him  'Uncle Ted'.

Well Dr. Johnson, I didn't intend to write this much as a preface to my story, but at least it has chronologically brought me to time frame of where my story below begins.

And as I mentioned earlier, writing seems to have given me another venue to relieve the residual stresses of having to accept my cuckoldry and daily humiliations.

I have to admit overall, it's not all that bad.  You and mother were pretty much correct, I do accept humiliation very well.  After all, Julie and I have been married 9 years, have Ted's 3 kids, and we are still getting along fabulously, with Ted being the real man in our marriage.

Julie is a fun person, a good wife, and a great mother to our kids.  She also sees me as a friend and helpmate, even if she dominates me and treats me in a servile and lowly manner a great deal of the time.

I still love her deeply and work hard to be the kind of good husband she desires me to be.  I know now that those are the important things.  And as you have repeatedly advised me, not any false pride or my self-worth or my dignity as a man.
 
Dr. Johnson, before moving on to my story, I have to admit, your little creed below, which you have me repeat before each of our session, has indeed given me the strength to push on.

"The best role for me is to stay pussy whipped, suck her used pussy joyfully and treat it as a gift, and beat my little dick and stay out of the way of her real man or men."

Here's my story: 

(((((((((((((((((MY STORY BEGINS))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))

	I was once again on my knees nosily sucking and slurping up the wet drippy cummy mess from between my wife's legs as she gyrated and ground her hairy crotch in my face.  As was her custom, she tightly pressed the back of my head to her rotating bush and gash.

	Finally she got her third orgasm and let go of my head, which was the signal to me to stop mouth vacuuming and licking her well fucked hairy gash.

	I had already gotten the last of her boss's heavy seminal deposit, but as always, she likes to get off a few times in the process of me having to humiliate myself of cleaning up the very sloppy slimy mess he routinely makes in her cunt.

	"That was so good.  You really know how to make love with your mouth.  You think you sucked all his cum out dear?"

	"I-I did the best I could Julie."

	"Well, that'll have to do.  Well anyway, if you didn't it'll just be another tax deduction for us from him."

	"SIGH!  How well I know.  We already have three from him now.  But Julie, I-I have to tell you something.  A-And you have to do something about it."

	"What is it honey?"

	"Y-Your boss  T-Ted, he-he's really crossed the line.  H-He called me to come over this afternoon a-and, er, he-he made me take his c-cock in my mouth.

	He did?  I think it's good for you to enjoy his dick too.  Did you get him off?

 	What!  Y-Yes, h-he made me suck on it until he ejaculated. H-He shot so much cum.  I-I almost choked, b-but I managed to swallow it all like he told me.  His cum was so thick, and s-so hot and slimy."

	"He's a heavy cummer all right. Well I'm glad you got it all down and didn't choke darling.  Anyway, he's called you over before to suck his jism out after he's fucked me.  The taste wasn't that much different was it?"

	"It-It w-was much stronger.

	"Well that's understandable, with you getting it straight and pure from his dick.  Hee! Hee!"

 	"Oh Julie t-that's not funny. B-But Julie, m-more importantly,  I-I can't be h-his cocksucker w-whenever he snaps his finger.  P-Please!  Talk to him.  T-There are somethings t-that just have a limit.  I-I would try to get him to stop, if-if I thought it would do any good.  B-But you know I-I'm not strong enough to-to change his mind."

	"I know you're not baby, as your mother, my mother, and myself have warned you, you just don't have it in you.  You did the right to not fight it, but to give in and go down on him as he desired.  That's what's best for you to do.  Did he really snap his finger darling?"

	"Y-Yes, before he intimidated me into doing it for him.  H-he was horny a-and told me you weren't around."

	Yes darling, he sent me across town to be with another important client.  Well actually, two of them.  They really gave my pussy a good work out.  That's whose jism you were eating out earlier.

	"I-I see.

	Well Wayne darling, I guess since he's had you do it once, you might as well accept that you'll just have to get use to doing him again when he gets the urge for you to suck him off."

	"SIGH! I-I guess you're right.  I-I wish I-I was strong e-enough to stand up to him."

	"But you're not honey, so just put the thought out of your mind.  He's a real man, and you're just a wimp.  Sure, you're also my husband and I love you very much.  But I don't want you to get yourself punished like he did once before when he whipped you with that extension cord.  Remember?"

	"H-How could I forget.  H-He did it right in front of you.  The nerve of him.  Just because I resisted sucking your wet used drippy muff the first time he had me come by to watch him have sex with you.  It was bad enough he had forced me into sitting and suffering watching him have hot juicy intercourse with you - the man is simply immoral a-and depraved.  But then to literally rub my face in it afterwards, was beyond belief."

	"Wayne darling, that was a long time ago, before our second child.  And I thought it was beneficial for you to watch what a real man does with his tool. You got use to to doing that and have watched and cleaned up after him orally countless times since then. I know you learned a lot from seeing a real man in action, didn't you?

	SIGH!  Y-Yes. I-I did.


	And honey, even though you did cry and jump around a lot as he was whipping you with that cord, you took your beating very well and I remembered that afterwards you really gave my pussy a great sucking even though you were still whimpering and sobbing."

	"I-I couldn't help jumping and screaming.  My bottom was still stinging and burning.  He really blistered me.  A-And to make matters worse, he made me pay for the lamp he ripped the cord from.  It cost over $200."

	That's right, I remember.  That's the lamp in the den isn't it?

	Y-Yes that's the one.

	"But Wayne honey, back to my point. I don't want to see you get hurt again.  Who knows, he might beat on you with his fists this time."

	"Y-You think h-he might do that?"

	"He's quite strong and much bigger than you honey."

  	"I-I guess y-you're right.  W-Well I-I don't want that t-to happen."

	"And neither do I. That's why it's best for you to just go ahead and do what he demands of you.  I think you'll do okay sucking his cock and drinking his jism after all we've been through."
	
	"SIGH! O-Okay.  Y-You do have a point there.  He has put us through a lot 
a-and I have been able to adjust to his antics, even though they have been so outlandish a-and downright despicable."

	"He's not really that bad, but anyway you have the right attitude now. That's being a good boy.  Now honey, the next time you do him, be sure and lick his balls real good.  I do that for him all the time when I go down on him. And it wouldn't hurt that after you take his load, slowly milk his dick.  And to show further appreciation for his cum, to kiss his ass cheek and thank him for allowing you to suck his dick."

	"What! D-Do I-I have to?"

	"Yes darling, you have to.  Do it for me honey.  Okay?"

	"SIGH! O-Okay dear.  Speaking of that, Julie, y-you think you could give me head sometime, p-please?  It-It's bad enough I-I have to wear a rubber the few times when we make love, and I get to put it in.  It-t would feel so good to have your soft warm wet flesh around my prick sometime.  Y-You do it for him, so it wouldn't be that much trouble for ..."

	"Wayne!  I'm surprised at you!  Just because he makes me degrade myself in such a shameless manner, that is no reason for you to demand the same thing of me.  I ought to tell your mother on you."

	"N-No!  Please don't do that. I-I'm sorry dear. P-Please forget I-I asked you.  Mother would get upset a-and may want to spank me.  S-She doesn't think I-I'm to old to get one."

	"She right, you're not, and your apology accepted darling.  Just remember that Ted or the men he passes me around to will be the only ones that I will do such a despicable lewd thing for."  Julie said to me as she stood defiantly with both hands on her hips and a very serious angry look in her eyes.

	"SIGH! I-I'll remember dear.  I-I replied sheepishly.

	That's better.  Be sure you do.  But Wayne, I really see this as a plus. Ted has always complained that when I was pregnant in my late term, how he missed being able to have sex with me and had to fuck other women.  Well now with you becoming his cocksucker, you can be an even better helpmate than before.

	Ted does want me to have more kids and there is no reason why you can't at least be able to offer your mouth to him as a surrogate to my pussy.  No dear, I think it would be so great having you take his semen in my place.

	K-Knowing him, I-I bet that's what he's also got in mind too.  H-He mentioned a few days ago about it being time for us to have another baby.  I-I know if-if he's set his mind to it, there's not much I can do about it except get on my knees do what he says to do.

	That's the attitude I like to see you show Wayne honey, one of full cooperation and harmony.

	With him being being so-so lascivious and lewd, it wouldn't surprise me if next he wouldn't stoop so low and tell me he wants to fuck me in my ass."

	"Oh Wayne darling, why that's a wonderful idea.  It would be so wonderful of you to get yourself ready to be penetrated and offer yourself to him.  That would really please him.  It would show him that you really respect him as the real man.  And for such a delightful gesture of admiration of his manhood, it can't help but earn you greater respect from him for the good husband you are, as well as signaling to him that you know your place."

	"I-I was just kidding Julie.  N-No way! I-I'm not going...  I-I just couldn't take his big thing up my ass."

	"I bet you could honey.  You just need to be stretched a bit.  I bet our counselor, Dr. Johnson could help you out.  And like I said, he would respect you even more as a good husband. Anyway, you've already had his big thing in your mouth, it can't be that much worse than him fucking you up your rear.  Plus, I think you would look so cute getting shagged."

	"I-I don't think I would feel cute having his big rod stuffed up my rear.  B-But I do wish he would s-show me more respect.  B-But p-please Julie d-don't give him a-any ideas.  P-Please!"


(((A TALK WITH DR. Johnson)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))

	"Why Wayne, I think that's a great idea."  Said Dr. Johnson.  "Making yourself fuckable for your wife's boss, who's the real man in your marriage, will cause him to think of you in a totally different light.  I think you'll find it fun to be able to offer your ass-pussy to him, as well as to other men if you wish to."

	"SIGH!  N-No!  P-Please Dr. Johnson, I-I've already humiliated myself s-so much already.  I-I just can't see d-digging myself into a-a deeper hole of abject shame."

	"Wayne, humiliation, self-abasement, and degrading yourself for a good cause is not something you should be ashamed of.  It's something you should be proud of.  You've done the things you've done for the love of your lovely wife, and to hold your family together.  And as we've discussed before, the 3 kids your wife has had by her boss are innocent in the matter and therefore are deserving of the love and doting care you bestow on them as their daddy."

	"SIGH!  Y-You're correct of course Dr. Johnson.  Y-You know I do love our children as if they were mine.  It-It's not in me to do otherwise.  A-And thank you for saying what you did.  I-I needed to hear that.  Y-You have such a way with words.  You really know how to console and uplift me."

	"I'm glad they comfort you Wayne.  Now Wayne, in reference to your improving your rapport with Ted.  And especially so, since he is the biological father of your three children.  I think your wife is right.  That is, of you preparing yourself for his penetration of you, and then offering yourself to him for that purpose."

	"I-I don't know Dr. Johnson.  I was just making a joke with Julie about that subject when she got all serious about it.  Now she's got her mom, a-and my mother supporting her too.  O-Once my wife, or they, get an idea in their heads, it-it's almost no stopping them from making me do it for them.  I-I was hoping you could deter them from insisting that I go though with it.  That's the only reason I'm discussing the issue with you."

	"Wayne, the women are right to make you be serious about this matter.  After all, you weren't expecting Ted to have you suck his penis and swallow his semen, were you?"

	"SIGH! N-No, I-I wasn't."

	"And by not being trained or accustomed to sucking on an ejaculating and such a large spurting cock, by your own admission, you almost choked.  Right?"

	"SIGH! Y-Yes."

	"Well, by following this prescription I'm going to give you, and the stretching regime with the dildos that'll be in the kit, you'll be prepared to give Ted a real nice ass-pussy so you can earn the level of respect you seek from him as a good husband. He'll rave about what a good piece of ass you are.  And most importantly, your chance of being injured will have been eliminated."

	Dr. Johnson and I talked for a while longer.  She assured me that from the data that Julie and I had given her about the dimensions of Ted's dick, I would easily be able to accommodate him ramming me and using me like a woman.

	"Wayne, just like you became a skilled cocksucker for Ted from his using your mouth repeatedly, the same will happen from your having repeated bouts of intercourse with him.  By the way, having sucked his cock as many times as you have so far, don't you feel closer, or maybe I should say, more bonded to him?"

	"SIGH!  I-I guess so."

	"And do you feel more positive about him than before, say when he first started imposing himself on your wife and you?"

	"I-I guess so.  H-He's not really that bad a guy, it-it's just him almost enslaving us to his will.  H-He's taken advantage of us because h-he's so persuasive a-and assertive.  He's really a take charge type guy.  My wife Julie, can't stand up to him.  A-And I-I thought I could, b-but found o-out I-I couldn't either."

	"That's nothing to be ashamed of Wayne.  He's just a better man in bed with your wife, than you are.  He's also smarter and has a natural gift to take charge.  You should look at the bright side of things.  You and Julie have really benefited from being under his sexual supervision and marital control.  Besides having a very sexually satisfied wife, you and her have three beautiful children, even if they are all three red heads, as Ted is, and all have Ted's strong facial resemblance.  Where other couples may have been considering divorce after 9 years of marriage due to some type of perceived incompatibilities, you and your wife have stayed the course primarily because of your unassuming personality and devotion to her, and of course her devotion to Ted."

	"I-I guess you have a point there.  As an example, I-I really tried to get Julie to stay on the pill, but no, she was afraid to not do as he ordered her to do.. that is leave herself open and unprotected to being inseminated by him."

	"Wayne, this is no time to worry about water that has gone down river.  I know you did what you could to keep your wife's affection from her boss, but you have to face the fact that he was just more charming, sexier, controlling, and most of all better endowed than your little 4 inches.  You did what you could and were lucky that she even stayed with you.  He could have possibly caused her to leave you.  So you really have him to thank for keeping your marriage intact."

	All I could do was cringe and blush deep red at Dr. Johnson's words, which I knew to be true.  I was beat out by Ted, but yet he didn't take my wife, even if I  had to accept the babies he put in her. I also had to admit that while Julie was undeniably his woman, she still stayed and remained an excellent wife to me, and was concerned about my welfare.  For that I was indeed grateful.

	I replied to Dr. Johnson and told her about my thoughts.

	She replied back.

	"You are so right about your wife being concerned about you, despite that she was Ted's woman, or some might say his slut and whore - whatever name you choose.  However, it's that same devoted concern for you that she has in attempting to persuade you to be a fuckable wussy bitch for her boss.  The bottom line, Wayne, she wants you to have a better rapport with Ted and to delight in enjoying his handsome dick, the same as she does."

	Dr. Johnson then bluntly asked me if sucking Ted's big dick and drinking down his cum was really an unpleasant thing.  She demanded the truth and a straight forward answer.	I was intimidated by her tone and directness.  I knew she would disprove of me waffling or lying.

	"I-It's not t-that unpleasant.  I-I a-am just still e-embarrassed t-that I d-don't have the strength or will power to refuse him."  I softly responded hanging my head.

	"You really don't have to feel that way Wayne. After all, you should see that it's good for you to have a real man in your marriage and for you to be comfortable being humbled the way you have been.  Actually, I see the humiliations you have experienced as being very good for you.  Not many husbands have the courage to endure such indignities and degradation as well as you have.  For that I have to praise you. And, I have to again compliment you on the  exceptional job you have done of accepting and adapting to your submissive cuckold role.  Even your mom feels that it has been good for you to have a real man in your marriage and for you to be a willing and wimpy helpmate husband to your wife.

	"And it's no secret that she is extremely proud of you for how you have held up and persevered with all that you have been through.  And you know how she feels about Ted.  She thinks he's a wonderful person, and adores his manliness, despite how you perceive him. And of course, you're very much aware that she thinks that it is very proper for you to suck his dick and swallow his cum."

	How could I forget hearing my own mother tell me that because I was a wimp and married to a beautiful woman, that I needed a real man to help me keep her satisfied, and that is the only way I could hold onto her.  Mother thought that my marriage, where Ted was our stud, and the real man in the relationship, was a perfect arrangement for me.  So she considered it only proper for me to pay some sort of intimate, and sincere homage to him - the alpha male.  She sees such homage as naturally evolving to and including me being impaled upon his "nice manly dick" - her very words. Hence, her very strong words of encouragement to offer my self to  him as his pussy boy.  I didn't know my mother knew such words.

	Mother is always reminding me that I'm a nice mannered mama's boy and that I don't have what it takes to stand up to a man like Ted.

	Even though I know she's right, doesn't mean I have to like it.  However, I know I have to be realistic too.  I also have to admit, I can't help but admire Ted for his strength, good looks, assertiveness and sexual prowess, even if he does severely humiliate, puts me down, keeps me underfoot, and treats me like a doormat.

	I left Dr. Johnson's office with a renewed sense of who and what I was.

	After taking an assessment of my situation, I had to conclude that my wife is a beautiful woman and she apparently loves me a great deal, despite I'm her pussy whipped wimp husband. 

	 We have three wonderful and beautiful kids, thanks to Ted.  And also thanks to him, none of them look like me.  Mother thinks that's a plus.

	However, as Dr. Johnson reminded me, my marriage is intact, and unlike a lot of couples, Julie and I have a very harmonious 9 year marriage, in spite of, or maybe because of us being under the subjugation  and control of Ted.

	Well, as far as things go for me, it looks like I'll have to continue to be an accepting and adapting cuckold, that will be sucking up the leavings of Ted and other men he loans my wife out to, as well being his cocksucker and fuckable pussy boy, as well as the daddy of his kids. 

	Julie has hinted that Ted isn't through with her having babies yet.  And she has even mentioned on several occasions that Ted will help me find a second or part time job to take care of the extra mouths he'll be putting in our family.

	And since my wife is usually so busy taking care of Ted's needs, I'll have to continue beating my meat when she doesn't have time for me, which is most of the time.




EPILOGUE BY THE PHANTOMVILLE COLLECTOR:

I acquired more of Dr. Johnson's notes on her patient who wrote the story above. They were from recent sessions some years after the time frame of his story.

From those notes I was able to determine that:

-His wife  Julie - had delivered 3 more babies by Ted  her boss, which brought she and Wayne's family to a total of 6 kids.

-It also appeared that Wayne had not only became a frequent oral recipient of Ted's dick and jism, but also became Ted's fuckable pussy boy when Julie was late in term with babies #4, #5 & #6.  As a result of all this oral and anal sex with Ted, the two became even closer, and Wayne ultimately came to accept Ted as his 'real man' too.

-Wayne revealed to Dr. Johnson that he eventually became thrilled to be summoned to service Ted's large rigid throbbing dick, as well as to receive generous loads of his hot sticky creamy cum.

-Ted, just as he does with Julie, also loans and rents Wayne out to certain business clients who desire a submissive pantywaist for sexual companionship. Wayne confessed to Dr. Johnson that he doesn't mind being used by the men to appease their lusty hard dicks.

-Julie is simply thrilled at how well Ted and Wayne are getting along.

#END#
	

