

I am a flirt. Nothing wrong with that. I like watching how tough guys soften
when I play with them. I like watching how their dicks harden and how they try
to rearrange their package without me noticing. It's an amazing sense of power
- much stronger than any drug.  I've been in a serious relationship for a few
years now. I thought having a boyfriend would make me less flirtatious. Boy,
was I wrong. Having a serious boyfriend taught me a lot of things about guys.
It only made me better at torturing these poor helpless creatures.

I am 31 years old. I am the only sales-woman working for a medium-size car
gadget company in the States. We make and sell expensive high-end gadgets for
sports cars.  Most women don't care for these. That's why all my fellow sales
people are guys. With the economy as lousy as it is these days, we have to
travel to many trade shows and work hard to sell our expensive products. In the
past year, I've been on the road almost every other week. It's not fun. We have
to work hard all day and entertain important customers over long dinners. The
only free time we have starts after dinner and ends when we go to sleep.  I
usually hang out with my trade-show team in hotel bars. I know these guys for
many years and I like spending time with them.

The following events happened in a trade show in Norway a few months ago. We
finished our day around 11PM and four of us headed for the hotel bar. As usual,
I was the only girl. The guys this time were Rob, Guy and Jeff - all my
long-time buddies. I always flirt with all of them, especially with Jeff.  I've
known Jeff since our college days. I think he always had a crush on me. Years
ago I found out that Jeff loves it when I wear skirts. He loves watching my
skirt riding up my thighs, and completely loses his train of thought when it
happens. The first time was completely by mistake, but now it's almost a
sport:  When Jeff starts explaining a complex idea, I let my skirt ride up. As
soon as he sees my thighs exposed, he blushes and stops making any sense. I'm
quite sure he doesn't know about my little game.

February isn't a fun month in Norway. It was freezing outside. Luckily, our
hotel had very intense heating and we could wear light clothes at the bar. I
wore my favorite skirt, and a blouse. The bar wasn't a very proper bar. About
a half of the bar looked more like a clubhouse. It had coffee tables with
leather couches around them. We took over one such coffee table. I picked one
of the couches. Jeff sat on the couch facing me and Rob and Guy shared the
couch to my right. It was just perfect. I could play all my skirt tricks on
Jeff because Rob and Guy couldn't see up my skirt.

We ordered drinks and started chatting. My couch was very comfortable and I was
shifting casually in it. Every time I changed my position, I saw Jeff's eyes
move to my legs and steal a quick glimpse of my thighs.  It felt very nice and
harmless so I let him have his little fun. I even tried to sit with my knees
slightly parted and give him a better peek at my thighs. After the third drink,
I could feel the alcohol making me very playful. When I changed position in my
couch, I made sure my thighs parted for as long as I could. I watched Jeff's
eyes climb up my thighs and rest on my crotch. I think he could see my panties
now. I felt very safe playing this game because these guys were my friends.
Unintentionally, my little game was making me very horny.

A few position changes later, I stared at Jeff as he was looking up my skirt
and suddenly, his eyes met mine. He finally caught me. Jeff kept looking at me
with a faint smile. His hand moved to his own thigh and made a slight massaging
motion. If Rob or Guy noticed his hand, they must have thought that he was just
scratching his thigh. I knew better than that. I was drunk enough to decide
that stroking my thighs in front of Jeff was a very cool idea.

I shifted my position again, placing my right foot on the coffee table and
leaving my left foot on the carpet. This way, my skirt hid my thighs from Rob
and Guy but Jeff could see all the way up to my panties. I slowly guided my
left hand onto my thigh, making sure to hide it from Rob and Guy.  My hand
started massaging my thigh - and Jeff was staring at it intensely.

I checked Rob and Guy and they both seemed unaware of my little game with
Jeff.  They were buried deep in a discussion about the customers we met for
dinner.  I felt brave and let my hand climb higher on my thigh. My skirt was
loose enough and I could touch myself very high without risking Rob and Guy
noticing.  I was getting more and more horny every minute. I never played such
a risky game with anyone.

The bar closed at 1AM, but they let us sit and chat for as long as we wanted.
We were the only people at the bar when my wandering hand has finally reached
my crotch. I watched Jeff's eyes widen as my hand touched my panties.  His hand
moved to his crotch - trying to arrange his hardon more comfortably in his
pants. Knowing that I gave him this unexpected hardon made me feel very nice. I
started playing with my pussy from outside my panties. I was very wet.  I knew
I could easily rub my clit and have an orgasm right there, in front of Jeff.

I stared at Jeff while rubbing my clit. His hands moved to his hips and made a
strange motion downwards. It took me a while to understand what he was trying
to tell me. His motion wasn't very clear because he tried to look casual. A few
minutes later I finally got it: He was asking me to take my panties off. I
wasn't quite ready for this. I made a serious face, looked towards Rob and Guy,
and then looked back at Jeff. I guess I was trying to say `What if they
notice?'. Jeff's shrugged his shoulders signaling something like: `I don't
know'.

On a normal day, I'd probably ignore Jeff's request. That day I was drunk
enough, it was very late and I felt very, very horny ... Five minutes later I
excused myself and headed for the women's bathroom. I took my panties off and
hid them under the sink. My pussy was soaking wet. I could just stand there and
masturbate myself to an orgasm but I wanted more. I wanted to see Jeff's
expression when I get back. I tried to look as casual an I could and headed
back to our table.

As soon as I sat down I saw Jeff's questioning eyes. I kept my feet on the
carpet for a few minutes, not quite sure I want to give Jeff the full view.  I
took another sip from my drink and lifted my right foot to the table again.
Jeff's jaw dropped to the floor. I guess he didn't really expect me to take my
panties off. I loved the way his eyes swallowed the view of my exposed pussy.
I was more scared than before. It wasn't a casual peek up my skirt any more. I
was actively teasing Jeff. If Rob or Guy figured out what was going on I would
simply die. Luckily, they were still deep inside one of their standard car
arguments:  `Is Porsche really a threat to Ferrari?'.

It took me a few more minutes to collect enough courage and move my hand
towards my pussy. Jeff's eyes were glued to my pussy. He looked very tense.  As
my hand started moving towards my pussy, he shifted his weight and leaned
forward for a closer look. He really wanted to see me touch myself. A minute
later my fingers found my exposed clit. I felt a pleasant combination of
horniness, embarrassment and fear. I started rubbing my clit, and
finger-fucking myself. I kept constant eye contact with Jeff. His hand wandered
to his upper thighs and I think he was stroking his hardon lightly. I heard Rob
or Guy arguing as my hand moved faster and faster.

It didn't take me a whole lot of time. I had almost two hours of mental
foreplay with Jeff and I was quite ready. I felt the orgasm climbing. My hand
moved faster ... faster ... almost ...... I was suddenly aware of the silence.
I knew it wasn't a good sign, but it took me a few seconds to understand what
it meant. Rob and Guy stopped talking. I looked in their direction and met
their eyes.  They were looking at me. I looked at my right leg. It was still on
the coffee table but my skirt rode up and it was no longer hiding my crotch
from them. I was so close to an orgasm that I couldn't even bring myself to
cover my pussy from them.

I closed my eyes in embarrassment. Suddenly, I felt Guy's hand on my thigh. It
felt like an electric shock. I was in that impossible stage of almost-orgasm. I
had to cum, no matter what.  As soon as Guy realized that I wasn't objecting
his touch, his hand slid up my thigh and hit my pussy. I felt other hands touch
my thighs, rubbing my pussy and my ass.  I looked up and saw all three guys
leaning over me. I felt fingers sliding up my thighs and entering my wet
pussy.  I always liked to be touched and now I had six hands rubbing my ass,
squeezing into my pussy, and roaming all over me. I closed my eyes again. I was
too embarrassed to face the guys and too horny to stop them. I felt hands
removing my blouse, my bra and my skirt. I was naked and six hands kept
touching my body.

The guys lifted my body and placed me on the couch on all four. My butt facing
up. I tried to hide my face in the couch cushion. I don't know who went first
but I felt a dick plunging deep into my pussy.  He started fucking me with fast
deep strokes. I felt hands playing with my tits, pinching my nipples. I felt
fingers sticking into my mouth and playing with my tongue. I felt fingers
pushing into my asshole... Many fingers... I couldn't even tell how many. They
were stretching my asshole and fucking it hard. I felt the guy in my pussy moan
as he came. He took his dick out, and another dick took its place - fucking me
harder and deeper.

The constant attention was just too much for me. My body started shaking as the
orgasm finally hit. I was moaning and yelling completely out of control,
thrusting my butt against the dick inside me. I don't know how long my orgasm
lasted. I never had such an intense and weird orgasm before. The dick inside my
pussy was still fucking me long and hard, banging his balls against my clit as
he plunged himself in me. My body was covered with probing hands. I don't know
how long it took but my body started responding again. I wanted more.

A few minutes later, the dick inside me came. I heard Jeff moan and mumble
something as he started cumming. That's how I knew it was him. After he came,
he took his dick out and another hard dick dived deep into me. I was so
embarrassed about my feelings. I simply loved that non-stop fucking action. My
pussy was always full and it felt great. The third dick fucked me for a few
minutes, and as soon as it came, another dick was hard and ready to take its
place.

I think I heard some voices that I didn't recognize. I tried to ignore them and
enjoy the fucking. Although the bar wasn't serving drinks any more, anyone
could walk in and see us fucking. I think someone did, but I was too horny to
think about it.  I felt more comfortable pretending that my three friends took
turns on my pussy and managed to get hard every time again. Four dicks later, I
felt a second orgasm climb up. It was a strong one. I never had so much
friction inside my pussy for such a long time. My boyfriend could last for
quite a while but it was nothing compared to all these guys.

As the orgasm hit, my back arched and I lifted my face from the cushion. I was
still embarrassed to look at the guys so I kept my eyes closed.  As soon as I
exposed my mouth, I felt a dick trying to enter it. I didn't care who's dick it
was. I just needed to feel more dirty, and sucking a dick did the job.  With
one dick deep in my pussy and another fucking my mouth my body was moving
uncontrollably forwards and backwards to the rhythm of the two dicks. The dick
in my mouth smelled like my pussy. I never tasted my own juices before. On an
average day, I might hate the taste, but that day wasn't average.  I was hungry
for cum. I never liked swallowing cum but that day I was eager for the dick in
my mouth to cum. The guy fucking my mouth had another idea in mind. After a few
minutes of sucking, he suddenly pulled his dick out and sprayed my face with
cum. A whole lot of hot cum. No one has ever done this to me. My brain was
telling me that this was humiliating, and that I should object, but my pussy
was telling me that cum on my face was kinky and dirty, and I wanted to get as
kinky and as dirty as I could. I wanted them all to spray their cum on my
face.

I wasn't really in control of myself. Some other guy took his place in my mouth
and another one took his place on my pussy. The one in my pussy lubricated his
dick inside me and then stuck it in my asshole. He was very large and I felt my
asshole muscles expand to meet his dick.  It felt very nice but I had to have a
dick in my pussy. I looked around and pulled the nearest hand I saw towards
me.  It was Rob's hand. I made him sit on the couch under me, impaled myself on
his dick and started bouncing up and down.  It was an amazing feeling - three
dicks fucking me at the same time. All my holes completely full. The rhythm was
getting me crazy. They were all fucking me with deep fast strokes. I felt my
body rock back and forth, up and down as the dicks moved inside me. Another
orgasm was on its way, climbing up from my pussy to my head. I couldn't even
scream because my mouth was plugged with a dick. I came hard. My knees felt
weak and I felt myself losing my balance. Luckily, I was mounted on Rob's dick
so I just sat down on his lap and made his dick disappear in my pussy.

The guys didn't let me rest. The dick in my mouth started pumping me faster and
faster until it shot a big load into my throat. I was way beyond shame and I
swallowed his cum with pleasure. I even sucked his softening dick and got a few
extra drops of cum.

Just as before, for every dick that came, another one quickly took its place.
All my holes were busy. I had cum dripping down my thighs, and down my cheeks.
I don't think I looked very good, but I felt awesome.

At some point I lost track of how many times I felt a new dick in one of my
holes and of how many times I came. It was a long continuous stream of
pleasure.  All I remember is that I never came so many times in one night.

When none of the guys could get a hardon any more, Jeff helped me get my stuff
and find the elevator to my room. When I looked at the clock, the time was
5:30AM. The best fucking session in my life lasted over 4 hours.  I took a long
shower and went to bed. My ass and pussy felt very sore but I felt very relaxed
and happy.



