Legolas leaned back in the chair, still nude after his bath, and closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of the soft brush against his damp hair. Lily was very conscientious when she readied his hair for visitors. It was one of her favorite duties and she performed it with reverence and delight.

Haldir had found Lily in a tavern on Osgiliath on one of his trips back from Mordor for his increasingly popular fire water. Barely having passed her majority, her pretty face still held a sweet innocence despite having worked as a serving wench and whore for her master. But it was her long red hair that had attracted the Elf, along with her milk-white velvet skin under all the grime.

The 'Lorien Elf needed a personal servant back home, but, Haldir being Haldir, he wanted a beautiful one and would settle for nothing less. So in his practical fashion, he took her to his bed that night and discovered something even more valuable than maid service: she loved to be spanked. And even more importantly, her skin reddened on contact with the loveliest dusky rose color. Haldir immediately went to the tavern owner the next morning and bought her contract out with ten bottles of wodka, and Lily said goodbye to her former life of poverty and abuse.

Haldir and Legolas treated her like the precious jewel she was and she in turn, worshipped them and followed their every instruction as if were a mandate from Eru. They trained her in manners as befitting a lady of high birth, even sending her to Eowyn for a time. They then trained her well in the arts of seduction and submission. She soon became a favorite among the clientele; her passion and complete surrender to their ministrations seduced them all.

Legolas smiled at the memories. Lily had gotten many proposals of marriage in the last year – a few from Gondorian nobles – which she had rejected out of hand. She would never leave her Elf Lords, and they would never abandon her.

“My lord? How would you wish me to braid your hair tonight?” Lily asked quietly, running her fingers through the golden silk curtain of his hair.

“I will have it left unbound, my love. My visitor prefers it that way.”

Lily curtseyed deeply. “My lord.” She placed the brush on the vanity table and went to his wardrobe.

“The blue tunic, my lord? Or the grey?”

“Mmm. I have a special one that my visitor brought to me.” He went to his bed and from a wrapping of butter-soft lambskin he pulled an undertunic of a material so fine, it was almost transparent, yet it gleamed with the light of Ithil.

Lily sighed. “Such loveliness! Is it silk?”

Legolas chuckled. “It is silk, but not from the moth. It comes from the bodies of my former adversaries, the spiders of Mirkwood. Apparently, someone has discovered how to harvest their silk without being eaten.”

“Oh! It must be so expensive!”

“No doubt. But my visitor can afford it, I expect.”

Lily helped him put it on, stroking his body through the silk of the undertunic. He pulled on new black leather trousers and tied the laces loosely, knowing they would be feeling tight soon enough. Lily helped with the shiny black thigh-high boots, smoothing the leather against his long shapely calves with loving hands.

He stood up and faced her. “How do I look?” he asked, knowing full well the answer.

“My lord, your beauty would make the Valar weep.”

Legolas grinned. “I am only interested in making one Man weep tonight.”

“I have no doubt you will make him weep many tears.”

“No doubt. I suppose I’ve made him wait long enough.” He held out his arm to Lily and she wrapped her own around it. “Come, my love. He has someone with him that is waiting to meet you as well.”

Legolas and Lily walked arm in arm down the corridor to the private waiting room for clients who wanted to maintain their anonymity. He entered first and saw Haldir sitting at Arwen’s feet. He had that silly look of adoration on his face as she toyed with a lock of his golden hair. Aragorn looked up, a small smile on his face from a jest made between the three of them. His face froze at the sight of Legolas standing in the doorway. The Elf bowed his head to his King, bringing up his hand to his heart and then his forehead in deference.

Aragorn stood up and went to him. “There is no need to stand in propriety with me here, Archer,” he whispered, his hand coming up to caress the soft skin of his cheek. There was silence for long minutes as they gazed into each other’s eyes.

Legolas was the first to break the gaze. He bowed to Arwen. “My lady. Well met.”

“Legolas, I am so glad to see you! It’s been too long. You are looking magnificent--isn’t he Estel?” Aragorn said nothing but his eyes spoke volumes. She embraced Legolas and offered her mouth for a kiss. She opened up under his lips and invited him further, which he could not but follow. Haldir, Aragorn and even Lily watched avidly as they deepened the kiss. Both Arwen and Legolas knew it was only to torment Aragorn, though they both enjoyed it, knowing there would be fulfillment later on.

Arwen finally pulled away, smiling that beguiling smile at him. She drew him along with her to the couch. “Come sit, my darling.”

“My lady, I have a gift for you this night,” Legolas told her, gently resisting her pull. She arched a delicate brow and looked at Lily.

“Yes,” Legolas replied to her unspoken inquiry. He beckoned to Lily. “This is our sweet flower, Lily. She is beautiful, is she not?”

“Very beautiful, yes.” Arwen pulled Lily closer and caressed her cheek and Aragorn had done to Legolas.

“She is amazingly-–submissive,” Haldir added.

“Oh?”

Haldir got up from the floor and sat on an armless chair. He beckoned to Lily. She went to him with alacrity and he bent her over his knees. “Behold,” he announced and pulled her robes up over her waist and caressed her bare buttocks for a moment. A resounding smack echoed in the room and Lily jumped and squeaked. A lovely pink hand print appeared against the pure white of her skin. Similar pink spots appeared on Arwen’s cheeks as she watched.

Haldir smacked Lily again and she writhed on his lap. He spread her legs a bit and ran his fingers along her sex. She moaned and wriggled her hips sensuously. He brought his fingers up for Arwen’s inspection. “She is aroused already.”

Arwen nodded once and Haldir pulled down Lily’s robes and bid her stand. Lily went to Arwen and knelt before her, head bowed.

“My Lady,” she whispered, her body shivering with anticipation. Arwen pulled her up and they both turned to the door. The Elf turned back to Legolas with a raised brow. “You will summon me when he’s ready?”

Legolas smiled. “Of course, my lady.” He bowed to her as they left and then turned to Haldir. “The room is ready?”

“It is, my Prince.”

“Estel, what is your desire this night?”

Aragorn licked his lips, eyes roving from one Elf to the other. “Everything.”

Haldir chuckled. “Everything, Estel? Are you sure?”

“It has been much too long since my last visit. I am–-eager for you both.”

“Very well.” Haldir stepped to Legolas and without preamble took his face in his hands and kissed him roughly. The Elves could hear Aragorn’s breathing become harsher and they deepened the kiss, letting him see their tongues dueling in each other’s mouths.

Soon Aragorn could not resist and he went to them. “Legolas,” he panted, reaching out to touch the Prince.

Haldir pulled away from the kiss and struck Aragorn a blow across the cheek with his open hand, making the King of Gondor's head snap back.

“Kneel before us, little Man,” he told him harshly. “You will not touch us unless commanded to.”

Trembling, Aragorn knelt at their feet. He looked up at them and they continued their kiss. Haldir’s hands soon roved down Legolas’ body to clutch at his leather-clad buttocks. He pulled the Prince’s hips against his own and gyrated them slowly. Aragorn moaned, but didn’t touch.

The two Elves separated, both well aroused, obvious to anyone who cared to look, and Aragorn did. Legolas walked to the large dresser against the wall and from one of the drawers, pulled a tool abhorrent to Elves: a riding crop. It was Haldir and Legolas’ supreme pleasure to use it against Men in their humiliation. Haldir took up a leather mask and strolled over to Aragorn and pulled it over his head, effectively hiding all his features, leaving holes only for eyes, nose and mouth. Legolas, with smart sharp cracks of the thin leather-bound willow branch against the King’s thighs and buttocks, made Aragorn crawl on his hands and knees down the corridor to the room appointed for their use.