SALVATION

A dark and sadistic tale set in Victorian England

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped, mc, spank voy and bdsm   

Chapter 11, Amy Jennings

Greta Foulds fell in love with Amy the moment she set eyes on her and she 
just knew that she had to spend some time alone with her. Greta had 
developed a real passion for abusing and punishing little girls in her 
position as governess and Amy Jennings was now about to find out just how 
much. 

She had mentioned this to Alice a while ago, but it wasn't until now that 
Alice decided the time was right. Still angry that Amy had interrupted 
her much-needed orgasm, she arranged for Miss Foulds to spend the 
afternoon with the girl in one of the private dungeons, prior to Betty 
bringing her to the special punishment room later that evening.

Apart from Amy being at that awkward age, the time when her body was 
growing so quickly she was always fumbling and tripping over things, she 
had a look of real cuteness about her and that excited Greta's passions. 

She had waited, dreaming of the child. She had visited St Saviour's and 
watched her, asking the staff about her so she became more than just a 
faceless victim, like so many of the children there. No, Amy Jennings was 
different. She had come to St Saviours orphanage through its association 
with the Navy after her parents died in a boating accident two years ago, 
when she was just 8 years old.

Greta smiled at the girl whenever they met or passed each other. She 
stroked her hair and complemented her on how fine and silken it was, 
growing excited when the child blushed. Weeks after meeting her, she told 
the girl to lift her kilt and watched excitedly as the little girl 
obeyed, such a pretty little blush on her cute face as she did so, the 
training she'd received preparing her perfectly for her new mistress's 
demands.

Such meekness and obedience brought out the dominant streak in Greta and 
she had to inhale and control herself against ordering the girl to be 
tied down then and there and spread for her pleasure, her little cunt 
held apart by the tendons of her slender thighs and her little nipples 
brought hard by the rough and repeated handling of her mistresses 
fingers.

Greta had waited, but the waiting was worthwhile because, as she entered 
one of the private dungeons Amy Jennings was waiting for her, struggling 
not to cry as she stood in front of the woman she'd had been told to call 
Mistress. All around them the screams of other children who had been 
brought there to pleasure their sadistic masters and mistresses, echoed 
throughout the dungeons.

Matron had brought Amy to the dungeon, drugged with her skin already 
sensitised by rough massage, though this wasn't immediately noticeable to 
Greta as Amy was wearing her uniform. 

Amy knew what mistresses did; they hurt you before giving you pleasure. 
Miss Marchant did that, making her friends weep and sob, then making them 
scream with delight so they adored her afterwards, willing to go through 
the pain time and time again, if only for the overwhelming pleasure she 
gave them afterwards.

Miss Foulds had waited for this unique opportunity and nothing was going 
to stop from enjoying herself now. Looking around the small dungeon she 
was pleased to see that all the equipment she had requested was in place.

Greta approached Amy with a smile, stroking her tear stained face and 
making her turn with her back to her. Slowly, but with conviction Greta 
lifted the child's kilt to stare at her pretty bottom and thighs, before 
turning her around again to gaze for a few long moments at the child's 
delicious little cunt. 

"You are a very pretty little girl," Greta told her.

"Thank you Miss," Amy replied, her blushes betraying her nervousness.

Greta was on fire; her cunt was starting to moisten as she stared at the 
child's delicious little body, safe in the knowledge that whatever she 
did, nobody would interrupt her.

"Are you ready to please your mistress?" Greta asked. 

"Yes Miss," Amy replied without hesitation. 

Looking directly into Amy's large dark eyes, she released her kilt and 
led her to the couch that was placed for the adult's comfort. 

"Take your uniform off, NOW!" Greta shouted.

Amy obeyed without hesitation and in a matter of seconds her sailor 
uniform was discarded and Greta was able to see just how pretty Amy was 
by the light of the braziers.

"We feed you, we clothe you, we keep you warm and safe. The least you can 
do is obey us in return!" Matron had often told them, often when leading 
them to the whipping horse, sitting them astride it and then selecting 
one of the punishment instruments hanging on the wall.  

Amy had a strange fascination for watching other children being whipped, 
whether it was a girl or a boy. Their punished bottoms were often enough 
to catch her eye and wondered if it was the same for all of them, but 
watching them struggle when the whip fell, the lines rise and brighten; 
there was the real fascination. 

Undressed, Amy took the usual step forward, her thighs parted enough so 
the eye could slide between them and gauge the breadth of her cunt. In 
her case it was quite broad, lips rounded and full towards the front. 
Doctor Stevens had always complemented that she had a pretty little cunt.  

He had spread her with his fingers and licked her, nodding his head then, 
as if the taste of her had said something to him. His fingers had gone 
everywhere and the memory of them still brought a tingle to her flesh. 

She liked Dr Stevens, although some had come back from him crying and 
telling of terrible devices that had been pushed into them, or attached 
that had brought aches and cramps. New children often cried when first 
going there, but like her, they grew used to the attention he always gave 
to their privates.

"Over my knee," Greta demanded.

Amy was familiar with the position. She had been spanked many times and 
knowing what was to come, she meekly obeyed, unaware of how exciting she 
looked, sliding her pale naked body over the thick cotton of her 
mistresses skirts. Greta felt excitement like a rush of opium, sweeping 
through her. 

Her hands slid over Amy's small and slender waist and came to lie on her 
sweet young bottom, nicely round and firm, so much more alluring when it 
was presented to her to spank in private.

Her heart thudding with pleasure, Greta began to spank the girl, spanking 
her cruelly in her eagerness to hear the young child scream. Soon Amy was 
writhing, screaming and kicking her legs wide apart after each slap, her 
lily-white bottom taking on a whole new glow and parting erotically. 

Greta's hand grew sore and she stopped. She drew Amy erect and smiled 
into her tear-wet face, crooning lovingly to the poor girl while she 
rubbed and pinched her sore bottom. Comforting Amy gave Greta the chance 
to stroke her smooth young skin, to feel her little curves, her budding 
breasts, her smoothly shaven pubis and her seductive anal crease.

"Can I go now please Miss," Amy asked hopefully.

"Oh dear no!" Greta gasped.  

"It was very rude of you to interrupt Miss Marchant," Greta told her 
standing up so she could pull the child towards the whipping horse, the 
stout frame ready to hold her tight for a cruel punishment, the type of 
punishment Greta Foulds had always dreamt about administering. Amy began 
to cry and struggled, not quite stopping herself from being pulled 
towards the horse, but she did try to resist. 

Greta loved the sheer nerve of the girl and forced her stand at the side 
of the horse ready to mount. Soon her widely parted bottom would be well 
presented for the martinet, the instrument she planned to use on Amy's 
already sensitive skin. 

The punishment tools were arranged on the wall, all sorts of instruments 
made of leather, wood and bamboo, to open her, mark and hurt her. The 
sheer choice took Greta's breath from her. Each one brought dark and 
wonderful new visions in her mind, things she'd never considered 
possible, now available for her exclusive entertainment.

"If you want me to go easy on you, then you will masturbate for me before 
your whipping," Greta breathed.

Still weeping, Amy shuffled her thighs apart and pushed her hand under 
herself, her little nail bitten fingers curving to push into her puffy 
cunt and work the fleshy folds back and forth the way she sometimes did 
when no one was watching.

"Oh yes," Greta gasped, a new rush of excitement sweeping over her. 

"Go on, push those fingers in further," she panted, breathless with 
desire. 

Amy did as she was told, anything to ward off the whip that her mistress 
had taken down from the wall. She winced as she scored her tender flesh, 
pushing a finger inwards before she'd moistened enough.  

"Place your thighs further apart!" Greta screamed.

Amy flexed her legs and whimpered as her thigh muscles complained. She 
panted with the effort of trying to do both things at the same time, 
whimpering with the threat of a whipping hanging over her. Struggling, 
Amy lost her balance and ended up in a heap on the floor. 

"You just don't listen, do you?" Greta said, calming herself, pushing 
down the heat in her loins and denying it the release it craved. 

"Now mount the horse!" Greta shouted.

Helping Amy to mount the horse, Greta left her wrists unattached so she 
could continue to masturbate and placed her feet in the stirrups.
 
Satisfied that the child was suitably mounted, Greta walked around the 
little rider, enjoying the view now presented between Amy's widely parted 
bottom and hardly listening to herself, took a firmer grip on the leather 
martinet whip she had selected.

"Masturbate yourself!" Greta shouted.

Sweeping the martinet down in a long arc that was brought up short by the 
impact on Amy's pert little bottom, Greta inhaled as the child wailed, 
her eyes bright as she squirmed on the horse, fingers unknowingly 
flattened to frantically rub her little pink cunt, flattening her rounded 
vulva as she fought to minimize the soaring pain sweeping through her 
bottom.

Licking her dry lips, Greta swung the whip again, listening and watching 
the girl scream and cry, jerk and squirm, she swung it again, and then 
again. After every sharp landing, she admired the new bright lines it had 
made, and how much brighter the flesh was where the lines crossed, and 
how urgently Amy was rubbing herself, even as she cried and sobbed and 
squirmed in pain.
 
"Like it, don't you?" she asked breathlessly, spitefully aiming to cross 
as many previous whip marks as possible to then feel the surge of 
pleasure as the child bounced on the horse, squealing and rubbing herself 
madly as she tried absorbing the lancing pain.

"Yes, you're loving it," Greta murmured, her corset now hurting her as 
she tried to breathe past its constraint. 

"Obviously you need something harder," she said, her hand shaking as she 
drew down the studded paddle and admired the craftsmanship of it.

No larger than her hand, the supple leather had been riveted with little 
metal spikes, none looking exceptionally wicked in themselves, but as a 
whole, a tool that was going to land with some force against flesh 
already made tender, it would bite in, score and mark. It would be 
deliciously painful.

Amy looked particularly lovely, looking back over her shoulder to stare 
at the punishment tool that had been selected for her. Her expression 
told Greta she knew what the innocuous little paddle could do to her, how 
the supple leather could even be brought up between her legs, scoring her 
thighs or even her full lipped cunt.

With a feral grin, Greta raised the paddle and swung it down to land 
painfully on one of her little bottom cheeks and the young girl squealed 
and thrashed, tossing too and fro as the hot pain lanced deep into her 
withers.

Before she'd had a chance to settle, the second one had landed, 
distorting Amy's little bottom and leaving puncture marks that swelled 
with points of blood. Amy screamed through her tears and frantically 
lifted herself in the stirrups. Her fingers pulled madly on the apex of 
her smooth cleft, violently stimulating her clitoris in an effort to 
escape the fire shooting deep into her bottom.

Greta stopped to stroke the child's bottom, her breath shortening as she 
felt the little indents left by the rivets and drew the blood into little 
smears across the tight curve of the girl's rear. She put down the paddle 
and pulled Amy's cheeks apart, sobbing with delight as she spread the 
pink and tender flesh that protected her little anus and cunt. 

Both little holes exposed, one quickly clenched and knotted in worry 
while the other pouted and gleamed, burning hot when they were touched.

"So, you like it then?" Greta breathed. She was wetting herself with 
excitement, shaking on her legs as she suffered one orgasm after another.

"No, no, no!" Amy screamed, thrashing about in an attempt to evade 
whatever punishment her mistress had dreamt of next.

Greta found the restraints hanging from each of the wooden legs and took 
the time to fasten and tighten them, her breath quickening as she used 
them to pull Amy's slender thighs wide apart.
 
She also took her time to stroke the crying girl's little body, 
delighting in the dampness of her skin, in the way it trembled and shook, 
tensing the closer she got to stroking her privates.

"Please, I'll be good, I promise," Amy wept as her hand was drawn from 
between her legs and fastened so her little body was pulled further over 
the crown of the horse's back. Greta hummed as she placed her face closer 
to the child's pretty cunt, inhaling her special fragrance and devouring 
the pretty little folds with her eyes. 

"You've been a very naughty little girl," she whispered, her eyes and 
fingers rising to her bottom again, drinking in the savage indented 
holes, the coloured stripes and the small, slender cheeks.

There was only one way to teach girls like Amy Jennings, Greta reflected, 
rising to stretch for the highest of the instruments hanging on the wall; 
a willow rod some three feet long and only a quarter of an inch thick. It 
would raise and cut the flesh of anyone's bottom, scoring it for days to 
come. 

Yet Miss Foulds didn't intend to use it on Amy's bottom. Amy had shown 
herself very capable of taking punishment on her bottom. No, Greta was 
going to use it where the girl would feel it most, on her cunt.

Greta strode to the dungeon door, checked the bolt then turned and stared 
at the weeping girl again, so beautifully presented astride the horse for 
a whipping. 

She fed on the sight as she undid her dress and climbed out of it. She 
rapidly undid her corset as she thought of what she was about to do, 
released from it, gripped her breasts and pulled on her nipples, 
squeezing her legs together as fresh excitement spiralled inwards to the 
core of her being.

"Right!" she gasped.  

The willow branch in her hand, Greta measured it to land along the crease 
of the child's bottom and then bend downward to whip into her tender 
clitoris. Greta grinned through her quick breaths. Amy shook her head and 
wept, begging her mistress not to hurt her any more while tears dripped 
freely from her face onto the stone floor.

"Please, please!" she wept, her voice rising as she felt the cold touch 
of the slender rod against the crease of her bottom.

Greta waited until the child's voice had risen to its peek of pleading, 
then brought the slender rod downwards, making a keen whistle as it sped 
through the air to whip along Amy's anal crease. The resulting scream 
thrilled Greta to her core.  

She shook with her pleasure, drinking in the sight of the child thrashing 
in her bonds, rocking to her screams and wailing as the one stroke sped 
into her and filled her with its mighty flavour. There was the mark to 
prove it, slightly off of the centre of her bottom crease, bisecting one 
plump labia and lifting an angry welt that gleamed so perfectly.

Greta then approached the still screaming girl and knelt behind her, 
lifting her face to lick the welt and croon into that soft flesh that had 
accepted it. She put her fingers between her legs and spread the slippery 
wetness seeping from her, anointing herself in her pleasure while licking 
the sweet wetness of the child. The girl's efforts to escape died and she 
lay there, accepting the tongue into her crevice where she was sweetest, 
her crying slowly ebbing.

"Just two more," Greta murmured into Amy's firm lipped cunt.

"Oh, please no, please Miss," Amy, begged, her trembling and crying 
returning as the dread of the next stroke seeped into her.
"Two more," Greta vowed, rising and positioning herself, her sex gaping 
between her legs as she held the rod out and tapped the crease of Amy's 
little bottom.

Amy began to squeal well before she was struck and her body was already 
taut, fighting her bonds as the rod rose into the air. When it struck, 
when it slid between her legs to mark her other labia, her voice reached 
a new crescendo, echoing around the small dungeon.

Greta didn't feel the pain of her knees striking the cold stone floor. 
She was flooding into her hands, spilling her delight before her mouth 
had reached Amy's plump little sex. When it did, she felt the swollen 
line the rod had created, she sobbed ecstatically yet again, her cunt 
mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water, searching for a cock 
to fill it.

Once again Greta licked the new welt running so lovingly along Amy's 
labia. Her sex was swollen now, gleaming dully with beaten tenderness and 
Greta's tongue was urging the lips apart, spreading them so the child's 
cunt was revealed along with the rest of all her precious little sex.

Amy was panting, delirious with pain and pleasure.

"No, please don't, please mistress," mumbling tearfully, weeping 
uncontrollably while swivelling her hips to the mix of pleasure and pain 
that was diving deep into her body. The licking left her and she cried 
louder, knowing what was to follow. The cold tip of the rod was oddly 
pleasant, until she recalled what it meant, then her mumbled words fell 
over each other in the torrent to get them out in time.

Greta's strike was perfectly aimed, the rod slicing down between Amy's 
bottom cheeks, between her thighs, between her cunt. Her body tried to 
bow. Her scream filled the dungeon. Pee spurt uncontrollably from her 
bruised urethra and Greta stepped into its golden arc, crying out with 
delight as the burning hot water slid down into her pubic hair, then her 
crotch to be massaged into her cunt by her busy fingers.

Satisfied at last, she called for an assistant to take Amy to the 
infirmary. She knew that Amy's was to visit the special punishment room 
later, but that was no concern that hers. Greta had enjoyed every moment.

Rebecca Bolton the matron was there to receive Amy Jennings when she 
returned to the infirmary. No worse than any other child that returned 
from the dungeon she set about preparing Amy for Betty to collect her. 
More drugs and the massaging of special oils into her little body soon 
had the child ready again.

As Alice entered the Special Punishment room, she was pleased to see that 
Betty Parker was already there with a refreshed Amy Jennings weeping at 
her feet, nude but for straps that circled her upper and lower arms, her 
neck, forehead, waist and thighs. 

The straps were ringed to allow restraint, a useful device if a long 
whipping was necessary. The girl's whimpering could have got on her 
nerves, but Betty remained still, waiting obediently with an air of 
excitement and nervousness.

Smiling at Amy, Alice walked around both girls, her eyes making Betty 
Parker uncomfortable. 

"You were remiss in not controlling this child, weren't you?" Alice asked 
softly. Betty swallowed, her body beginning to tremble. 

"Yes Miss," she murmured with a rising dread. 

"Had I been with any patrons, you would have shamed this whole orphanage 
and everyone in it," Alice told her. Betty whimpered, her legs willing 
her to slide down to her knees and beg Miss Marchant's forgiveness.

"Perhaps I should punish both of you," Alice suggested. It would be 
pleasant to have the teenager as well as the child. It had been a while 
since Alice had the opportunity to torture a pair of well-formed breasts, 
to fill her hand and dig her nails into the firm tender flesh. 

"Take off your uniform!" she spat.

Betty panted as she obeyed, her mind growing numb as she prepared herself 
for her punishment. So far, she'd escaped any serious punishment and only 
suffered the paddle, strap and tawse as men and women from other 
orphanages had ensured her docility prior to abusing her. She'd had 
suffered this willingly; because the pleasure the adults gave her 
afterwards, more than made up for the pain.

Kicking her uniform away she hurriedly stood, automatically taking up the 
pose she normally demanded of others, her back straight and her hands 
behind her head while her thighs were planted well apart for ease of 
examination.

And yet Alice didn't touch her, but continued her slow pace around both 
girls, one shaking with worry, the other still softly crying, begging for 
forgiveness. 

She admired without the need to touch, her eyes doing her caressing, the 
force of her presence causing Betty's little nipples to grow erect, her 
skin begin to glow and her sex fill with moisture.

"Put the middle harness on," Alice told her, her mind made up.

Licking her lips, Betty moved to where the three harnesses lay and picked 
up the middle one, the one that had a four inch rubber cock sticking out 
from the cod piece while, inside the harness, a thick but smaller cock 
protruded inwards, ready to be pushed into her own cunt and stretch her 
sex apart.  

She stepped into it, aware that her Mistress was watching her and drew it 
up her thighs to wriggle it into place, the thick smaller cock making her 
breath catch as it spread her apart and filled her tight entrance.

Alice watched without expression, none the less feeling aroused by the 
girl's obvious difficulty in pushing the cock all the way into herself. 
Betty panting with the effort, her legs weak as Alice grinned and took 
hold of the rigid cock, wriggling it about, knowing what the reaction 
would be to its young wearer. 

Betty gasped, her face flooding with colour as her excitement soared.

"Fuck her!" Astrid breathed.  

"Fuck her hard, because if you don't I'll whip your pretty bottom 
whenever you ease off!" Alice whispered, lifting a crop to show Betty 
what she'd get if she didn't obey.

An innocuous looking couch waited for them; plush leather to lie on, with 
many restraining straps artfully disguised in the corners. Each step 
caused Betty uncontrollably pleasure, as she dragged little Amy over to 
it and fastened her down, several times having to stop for breath as the 
cock holding her cunt open threatened to bring her off. 

When Miss Marchant sensed Betty was close to orgasm, she lashed out with 
the crop, wielding it cruelly on the teenager's bottom and thighs in 
order to keep her sane.

At last, Betty pushed herself between Amy's slender legs and pushed the 
rubber cock downwards, fitting it to the child's slit before bearing down 
on it. Amy screamed, her little cunt was still painful from her afternoon 
with Miss Foulds, and then a blinding hot pain lanced her, as the cock 
stretched her cunt to its limit.

Standing over them, Alice breathed in, loving the look of anguish and 
pain Amy was giving her, loving the sight of Betty's bottom as she pushed 
aggressively into the child's cunt beneath her. The older girl's pelvis 
dropped to the crotch of the younger girl beneath her, burying the cock 
inside the little girl, then she rose to thrust down once more.  

Unhappy with the speed, Alice flicked the crop out next time Betty's pale 
little bottom rose and she grinned as it had its affect, forcing the girl 
to screech and push downwards, quickening her panting pace while Amy wept 
beneath her. She watched for a while longer, walking around the two 
girls, and then went into the adjoining room.

Alice removed her dress, then her tightly fitting corset. For a moment 
she stood and stretched, glad of the release from her confining clothes. 
She inhaled and stroked her body, rubbing her waist before sliding her 
hands up to capture her full breasts and pinching the already stiff 
nipples. She was already wet between her legs, flowing with excitement 
that was sustained by the sounds of weeping and Betty's breathless 
grunting that came from the punishment room next door.

There was a viewing port here, a slit large enough to easily see within 
without the occupants knowing who it was who watched them, or what they 
did. In front of it was a reclining seat to let the secret occupant sit 
in comfort.

Alice first went to a shelf and took down one of several rubber phalluses 
that stood there, each riveted tightly to a flat base. Taking it to the 
chair, Alice positioned it, then settled herself upon it, sighing with 
pleasure as its tip threatened to enter her womb. Rocking forward 
increased the threat and pressed the base to her clitoris. Leaning back 
was a relief that almost immediately had her pushing forward again, 
tempting her with total impalement.

To one side of her was the viewing port into the other room where Betty 
panted and continued to push her pelvis up and down between Amy's 
trembling thighs.

"Enough!" she called, rocking back and forth, watching Betty rise and Amy 
reach between her thighs to cup her swollen sex, nursing it with her 
fingers while she continued to weep.

"Queen her!" Alice called.

Betty pulled the harness from about her hips, sighing with some relief as 
she carefully drew the fat cock from her dripping cunt and sat astride 
the weeping child, grinning down at her gleaming wet face before bringing 
her bottom fully down upon it.  

She squirmed, her head flung back as pleasure swept up her loins. She 
reached back to help part her teenage bottom and rubbed herself on the 
little mouth and nose she could feel beneath her, waiting a whole minute 
before rising slightly to let the child breathe again.

Amy fought for her breath, her eyes wide with fright, certain she was 
going to die between the thighs of the older girl.

"Pull her nipples while you do it," Alice called out in an excited voice.

Betty pushed her bottom back down and grinned excitedly as she felt the 
little mouth working, trying to find some way to breathe and yet only 
achieving it by sending thrills up Betty's body. 

Then, conscious of her waiting mistress, Betty took Amy's tiny nipples 
between her fingers and thumbs, pinching them, pulling them upwards and 
then dragging the flesh away until the child's screams could be heard, 
even from under Betty's bottom. Her fingers slid off and the child's 
flesh returned to shape, now bright and tender.

"Harder, much harder!" Alice demanded, her voice sounding breathless.

Betty licked her lips and let Amy catch her breath, then settled on her 
again, relaxing her anus as she put her whole weight on the girl's face. 
Then she took hold of the pubescent nipples again and cruelly twisted 
them before she savagely pulled them upward. Amy erupted in agony, 
arching and twisting, screaming loudly into Betty's widely parted anal 
crease.

"Now suspend her and whip her with the strap," Alice panted. She pinched 
and twisted her own nipples, and then pulled a breast up so she could 
bite on her teat, sobbing as the electrifying sensations soared through 
her.  

"Quickly!" she gasped, rocking too and fro on the rubber cock embedded 
deep in her own cunt.

Betty did as she was ordered and suspended Amy from the hook in the 
middle of the room, a block and tackle helping her draw the young child 
to her full height leaving just her toes curled into the carpet at her 
feet.

Leaving her turning there, Betty retrieved the leather strap from the 
wall and sucked in a deep breath while her heart pounded. She'd never had 
an opportunity to punish someone as strongly as this, and it made her 
cunt wet with excitement, so wet it dampened her upper thighs and made 
them slide along each other with every step she took.

"Do it!" Alice called, and Betty dismissed her own thoughts to attend to 
those of her mistress, drawing her slender arm back to give the strap a 
full sweep before landing and curling half round Amy's slender little 
waist. Amy arched and squealed, then panted loudly as she stared at her 
tormentor. Betty grinned and delivered another, aiming high to decorate 
the child's flat chest with a broad line from its landing.

Amy hollered and screamed, twisted and turned and despite it all Betty 
decorated her body with the broad red stripes of the strap's landing, 
each strike causing a new wave of pain to push into the child. When the 
child thought she could hurt no worse, Betty proved her wrong, shortening 
the length she held to concentrate on the child's prominent pubis, making 
it glow a vivid, bright pink before she heard Miss Marchant call to her 
to stop.

Almost unable to speak, Alice caught enough breath to ask Betty to come 
towards the viewing port and the child obeyed. Rocking back and forth 
without conscious effort now, a number of pleasant orgasms behind her, 
but the magical one still above her, still outside her reach. It tempted 
her and called her, and laughed at her attempts to obtain it.

"Come closer," Alice panted. 

There was a small hatch below the viewing port, large enough to allow her 
hand to pass through into the other room.  

Betty licked her lips, a nervousness dampening her arousal as she looked 
towards the hatch. Little spikes protruded from the wooden partition and 
also the floor in front of it placed there to deter the children from 
trying to see who was spying on them.  

Yet, she inched nearer to the edge of the spikes, her breath shortening 
as she guessed her mistress would require more. She did. "Put your 
breasts through the viewing gap so I can suck them," she panted.

Betty whimpered and stepped onto the little spikes, crying out and 
twisting her feet as she tried to find a place of least pain. She got to 
the oblong hole in the wall and carefully arched her chest to present her 
nipples to her mistress, every muscle taut as she placed herself within 
less than an inch of the spike filled wall.

Alice groaned as she looked at the pretty little nipples that were 
presented to her. She leant forward to take one into her mouth, nibbling 
it slightly to hear Betty's breath catch and a groan escape her. And 
while she did that, her hands went through the lower gap, one between the 
child's thighs to find her soaking with passion, the other around her 
tiny waist. There, her hand stroked the smooth skin of the girl's bottom 
and Alice exalted in its youthful smoothness.  

As Betty groaned with the pleasure her mistress was giving her, Alice 
tightened her arm and pulled her tightly to the wall.

Betty screamed. Alice's thumb and finger invading her cunt and bottom 
were as nothing compared to the many punctures her body received as she 
was pushed into the wall. Among it all she felt her nipples being bitten, 
the sharp agonising pleasure of skin being broken and her mistress 
eagerly sucking on them.  

Similarly, as the spikes tore her shaking body, she wondered how deeply 
the thumb had entered her cunt and with the index finger in her anus, the 
finger and thumb rubbed against each other, pulling and tugging at both 
her sensitive holes.  

The agony of being torn by the spikes seemed subdued as she wondered at 
the sensations spiralling inwards from her crotch and breasts, meeting in 
the middle to confuse her, causing her to push harder towards her 
mistress, twisting for her, even though it tore her flesh apart. Alice 
reached forward for the other little nipple and with her teeth closing 
over it, punctured the flesh for the sweet blood it contained. 

Its flavour filled her mouth and she felt herself explode with the 
pleasure she had sought after all day, the marvellous crescendo, the all-
consuming delight, the total abandonment to her body's pleasures. Her 
cunt was felt to spasm around the deeply embedded cock. Her fingers 
tightened inside the girl just to hear her cry out one more time, then 
the pleasure was draining away and she was still and calm.

"You've have earned yourself a blue badge," Alice sighed and rose slowly 
from the rubber cock and sighed as it left her empty. She would have to 
dress first, before getting the girls to the infirmary for medical 
attention. 

Amy Jennings joined Alice's little harem and soon earned the converted 
"badge of honour" like Sally Mildrew.
