Mindy -The Mailbox

Mindy woke up at 8AM on Tuesday morning. This was the day. She looked over at the clock and realized that in about 24 minutes, she would be living out one of her fantasies. She had been enthralled with the idea of "accidentally" losing her clothes in a public situation for a while now. It had happened to her once last summer, at the store. She had on a long wrap around skirt that had come undone in the produce section as she was walking behind her shopping cart. By the time she had realized what was happening, the skirt had fallen to the floor, and she had walked 3 or 4 steps in only her sandals, cropped t-shirt, and tiny white cotton panties. Only one woman had seen her that day, and Mindy was immediatly embarrassed, but she was also instantly aroused at being suddenly exposed in a public setting.

Today, she planned to kick it up a notch. Since it is impossible to know when an accidental exposure will happen, she decided to make it look like an accidental exposure. She had an old Victoria's Secret silk robe that she used to wear around the house. Yesterday, she removed all of the stitching that held the two halves of the robe together. She replaced only a few stiches in a few key spots... enough to hold the robe together when worn, but not enough to withstand any stress or pulling. 

Mindy lived in a 4 story brownstone apartment building in the city. Her street was only semi-busy during the day, (it was only one lane and one way), but on Tuesdays at about 8:25AM, the garbage truck came down from the intersection and stopped at each dumpster. There was a good 2 minutes where there would be no traffic passing by her building. 

There was a mailbox in front of her building as well. What Mindy planned to do was walk outside in her robe, down to the mailbox to mail a letter. She was going to let the robe catch on the latch on the front of the box and then walk away. The robe will come apart... etc. Eventually, she'd pick up the robe and "cover" herself, running back to her building.

She got out of bed and picked the robe up off the chair she had laid it on last night. It was a thigh length dark blue silk robe with a belt tie. She looked over the stitching one last time and decided it was ready for a "field test". She took a deep breath and pulled her nightshirt off over her head. She stood now in only a pair of red silk string bikini panties. She glanced at herself in the mirror. Her full 36D (very natural) breasts still had tanline evidence of her bikini top from that summer (It was now late September). She had her long dark brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. She smiled at her reflection, then cast a quick glance at the clock. 8:17. A nervous wave swept through her belly. 

She attached her keychain to the left string side of her panties, so that she would not have to carry them. The keychain had only her apartment key on it. She put her robe on and tied it loosely around her waist. It fit tightly across her breasts, and actually showed a lot of cleavage when worn with no top underneath. She put on her sneakers. Her hands trembled a little as she laced them up. Looking at the clock again, she realized that she had forgotten her contac lenses! She definatly wanted to be able to see, but there was no time to put them in.

She ran out into the livingroom of her one bedroom apartment and grabbed her glasses from the coffee table. She put them on. She grabbed the mail from the table and headed towards the door. She looked out into her hallway. It was empty. She did two dry runs earlier in the week, and never saw anyone either time. She walked down the two flights to the small lobby. It was also empty. She walked to the front door of the building and took a deep breath.

"OK Mindy, you can do this... You so want to do this..." she said. Her heart was pounding in her well-endowed chest, and she was breathing quite heavily. She opened the door and stepped out onto the stoop. It was a slightly cloudy morning, but still really bright outside. It was 65 degrees, which felt a little chilly to her in her current state of dress. She looked towards the mailbox. It was about 100 feet down the sidewalk from her building. It had never looked so far away before today. She looked up the street. The garbage guys weren't there yet, but they would be. She started to walk down the steps towards the sidewalk. She turned and walked up towards the box. Her breasts, unencombered by a bra, bounced around under the thin silk. She held the robe closed in front with her free hand as she walked. It took her about 20 seconds to get there. 


Part 2

She felt really exposed being out here in her robe, but knowing what she'd have on in about a minute, she didn't feel so exposed after all. She walked up to the box and glanced around. With the exception of the occasional car that passed by her street through the intersection about 300 feet away. She was, though, in plain view of any of the windows in the front of her building and the one across the street. She crouched down and quickly looped the fabric of the bottom of her robe around the latch on the mailbox. She glanced up the road quickly again. A car was now slowly driving towards her. She felt a slight wave of panic, and for a second, considered scrapping the whole idea. But the car passed her by without incedent. 

She slowly stood up. The material on the robe pulled tight as she stood, but not tight enough to rip the stitching. She noticed up the street that a garbage truck appeared to be turning down her street. She took a deep breath.

"OK girl, this is it!" she said aloud. She opened the mail box and dropped her letters in, then she turned to walk away. Sure enough, her robe pulled tight for a second. There was a quick series of rips on her first step away, and then she felt a blast of cool air on her nearly naked body as the robe tore in two pieces and dropped to the sidewalk. She gasped and acted surprised for anyone who might be watching. Her right hand went up to her mouth and she put on her best "shocked" look. She took a few steps away and turned to look at the robe, but it was gone! For the first time, she noticed the storm drainage grate directly under the mailbox. The robe had dropped off her body, then slid down the grate! She gasped loudly. 

Just then, the front door of the building across the street opened and 2 women in nice suits walked out. They spotted Mindy immediatly. 

"Oh my.." said one. The other just stared in awe. 
"Ohmygosh!" Mindy said aloud, realizing that her "planned" exposure was now getting out of her control. She quickly tried to cover her bare breasts with her hands and started to run up the sidewalk towards her building. She could hear the two women laughing behind her. The garbage truck that she had seen, had apparently not turned down her street. She was thankful for that, but only for a minute. With about 100 feet to go, a taxicab turned down her street and raced towards her. As it passed, the drived honked, and Mindy noticed the male driver gawking at her. He appeared to be saying something, but his window was closed. 

As Mindy got closer to her building, she realized that she'd need her key to get inside. She used her left arm to cover her breasts (somewhat unsuccessfully) and grabbed the key with her right hand. She tried for a second to unclasp the keychain, but it was stuck closed. She stopped running, and stood in the middle of the sidewalk, about 50 feet from the front steps. She yanked a few times, pulling her panties away from her skin as she did, but she still couldn't free the keychain. She would definatley need to use both hands. She took a quick look around. There was alot of traffic through the intersection about 200 feet away. Anyone looking in her direction would see her, but she had to get inside. She uncovered her breasts, and quickly tried to free the key with both hands. Just then, the cab drove by, the driver and the two women from earlier all watching her. She decided not to cover herself, and kept working on the key chain. 

Another car started down her street, and slowed as it approached. She didn't see it until it was right next to her. The driver, a highschool aged guy, and his 2 16 yearold female passengers started to hoot and holler at her as they passed. 

"Oh my goodness... I am so naked out here!" Mindy said aloud, and started to walk towards her building as she worked on freeing the key with both hands. Her breasts bounced all around with each step as she neared her building. She got to the front steps, and still couldn't free the key. Just then, a city bus turned down her street. Mindy gasped. She would only have seconds to get inside before she was exposed to potentially dozens of people. She made a snap decision, she would have to take the panties off to use the key. She yanked her panties down to her ankles and went to step out of them. Because she had sneakers on, it took a little longer to get them off over her feet, she got one foot out, but the other was caught. She stood, hopping on one foot, trying to pull her panties off her foot with both hands, facing the oncoming bus. The bus driver saw her first, and was so shocked at seeing a beautiful, naked, very well-endowed brunette, wearing only her sneakers and glasses, hopping on the sidewalk, he slowed down to get a better look. This in turn, allowed the 45 passengers to get a better look. 

The panties came free all at once. Mindy turned and ran up the stairs, covering nothing. The bus came to a complete stop in front of her building. She could practicaly feel all the eyes on her bare fanny as she ran up the steps. She got to the door. Her hands were trembling so badly that it took her several seconds to get the key into the lock. 


Part 3

She cast a quick nervous glance over her shoulder. That was her first mistake. She gasped out loud when she saw just how many people were on that bus watching her. Her whole body felt flush with embarrassment. She went to turn the key and push the door open in the same motion, but the key would not turn. She started to frantically jiggle the key in the lock, but to little avail. She kciked the door a few times but it would not budge. She looked over her shoulder again. The bus was still there. Since she had run up the steps, only about 10 or 15 seconds has passed, but to her, it seemed like that bus had been there for hours.

She then decided in a panic to at least get her panties back on and retain a little modesty. She yanked on the key a few times, but it was not coming out. Her hands were starting to perspire, like the rest of her nervous, naked body, and couldn't get a good grip on the small key. She grabbed the panties and yanked them free from the keychain, shredding them in the process. 

"Oh no!" she said, looking at the torn remains of silk in her hand. She had to get out of there, and back inside, but how? She suddenly remembered the fire-escape ladder. She took a deep nervous breath and turned to face the bus. She used the remains of her panties to cover herself between her legs as best she could, and draped her other arm over her bare breasts to hide what she could, and started down the steps. She glanced up at the bus. All of the passengers were trying to get some window space to get a look at her. Most were succeeding. Mindy's heart was pounding in her ears at about 500 beats per minute. She reached the sidewalk again and walked quickly towards the fire-escape ladder at the corner of the building. As she approached it, she looked up at it in horror, realizing that she would never be able to reach it from the ground. She had to find some cover! She looked around frantically and then decided to run down the alley between her building and the one next door. It took her a few seconds to get there, but she was finally out of view of the bus, which pulled away and drove off.

She ran down the alley and noticed an open door in the building next door. She had never been inside this building, but knew that there were a few offices and some apartments, among other things. She decided that she had little choice. She pulled the door open and ran inside.

She found herself in a dark hallway, lit at the far end. She slowly walked, covering nothing now, down the hall towards the light. She went about 25 feet when she heard something behind her. Without turning to look, she ran and went through the first door she saw. Another mistake.

Mindy suddenly found herself in an office, an insurance agency, actually. 6 office workers, all women, turned to look at the door as she entered, and all gasped or screamed simultaneously. Mindy screamed herself, but instead of going back out the door, she covered herself again, and started to run through the office. She passed about 5 cubicles, then saw the reception area. She went through the door, past a very surprised receptionist, and out the main door of the office. She was now in the main lobby of the building. It was empty of people. She looked around quickly, but not quickly enough, just then, the elevator door opened, and 6 men in suits walked out, spotting her instantly. Mindy froze for a few seconds, then ran for the front door (or what she perceived to be the front door).

She ran outside, expecting to find herself on her street, but actually found herself on 4th Ave, the street that runs behind her building, and is a lot busier than hers! After walking a few steps out, and hearing the door shut behind her, she realized her latest mistake in judgement. Several cars drove by on the street in front of her. She turned and walked back to the door, but it was locked. 

"Oh my goodness!" she said. "What now?!" She quickly looked around. Some drivers began to notice her and honked as they passed. There were also several people walking on the sidewalk across the street, who began to take notice of this beautiful 27 year old woman, standing in broad daylight on the front stairs of a 6 story building, wearing only sneakers and glasses. Mindy, again, covered herself with her hands as best as she could. She went down the few steps onto the sidewalk. She ran towards the back of her building, and noticed the back door was open. She bolted inside.

She ran up to her apartment and went inside. Luckily, she had forgotten to lock the door.
She lay back down on her bed and caught her breath, then started to think about how many people had seen her naked this morning. She couldn't beleive how out of her control things had gotten.

"I will absolutely be more careful next time." She said aloud.

We'll see...

