He was an asshole. Actually, he was worse than an asshole.

Three days. It had been three days since Wesley had told him that Guinan knew about their relationship. Three days since Will had told Wesley that it wouldn’t affect their relationship in any way. Except, he’d been avoiding being alone with Wesley during the day, and Wesley hadn’t been to see him at night.

Wesley wasn’t an idiot. He knew that Will was avoiding him, knew that Will wasn’t actually that busy, so, he hadn’t sneaked into Will’s quarters. He had seen the hurt look in Wesley’s eyes, too. He hated that look. He hated it even more knowing he was the one that had put it there.

He wasn’t bad at relationships, yet he was managing to screw up the best one he’d ever had. Oh. Could he really be screwing up the relationship because the fact that it was his best one scared the hell out of him?

He needed to fix this. He got up and walked over to Wesley, placing a hand on the back of his chair and leaning down to whisper in Wesley’s ear.

“Wes, can you meet me in my quarters in about twenty minutes?” Wesley just sat there, pretending he hadn’t heard Will.

“Please Wes.”

“Fine.”

It was a start at least. He headed off the bridge to his quarters. He had a lot to prepare in twenty minutes.

*******

Will was finishing up the last of the preparations when Wesley knocked. It made him smile that Wesley was still using his knock during the day. This was fixable.

“Come in.” Wesley walked into the room looking like he was absolutely forced to be there.

“So, what’s this about?”

“This is an apology.”

“Okay…” Wesley was looking at him like he was crazy, and perhaps he was. This was something he had wanted to do with Wesley further along in their relationship, but he figured now would be a good time for them. They needed this.

He’d actually always wanted to do this, but had never gotten around to it. He had a feeling it wouldn’t be the first new exploration with Wesley.

“Okay, this is probably not what you want to hear right now, and if it were later in the day, I would start this with clothes on, but I don’t want you to get anything on your clothes since you have to go back to the bridge. So, if you could take your clothes off and go sit on the bed. Please.”

Wesley was definitely looking at him like he was a crazy person, but thankfully, he took of this his clothes and went to sit on the bed.

Will picked up the tray and headed over to Wesley, setting the tray on the bed and taking off his clothes and sitting next to Wes. He wanted Wes on his lap, facing him, but the look on the kid’s face told him he should wait.

He took one of Wesley’s hands in his and placed a kiss to each of the fingertips and then looked Wesley in the eye.

“I really am sorry.”

“Is this why we’re doing this in the middle of the day?”

“Yeah. I thought you’d appreciate it.” Will offered Wesley a shy smile, and finally Will was rewarded with one of his own, so that Will couldn’t help but kiss him.

“So Will. Why are we naked on your bed in the middle of the day with a tray of food?”

Will didn’t answer, he just picked up a fat juicy strawberry and held it up to Wesley’s lips. He watched Wesley open his mouth to take a bite, his teeth sinking in and dripping juice down his chin. Will quickly moved in to lick the juice from Wesley’s chin. He heard the sharp intake of breath and allowed himself a smile. Wesley knew what the food was for now.

He held the strawberry up to Wesley’s lips again and happened to catch a gleam in his eyes before he closed them and slowly helped Will slide the strawberry between his lips. It was completely obscene and incredibly hot and it made his mouth water.

He was there at Wesley’s chin again to lick away the drops of juice that Wesley had let dribble out of his mouth. He waited until Wesley had finished chewing before feeding him the last of the strawberry.

Will was about to pull his hand away when Wesley’s shot out and grabbed his wrist. He sucked Will’s pointer finger into his mouth, slowly licking around the whole finger, making sure to get every lingering drop of juice. He repeated the actions on Will’s thumb, keeping eye contact with Will the entire time.

Will could only stare at him, jaw dropped and mind blank. Wesley sat there and smiled at him, waiting to see what Will would do next.

Will didn’t think he’d be able to get everything done that he wanted to, and honestly he didn’t really care. He was actually kind of glad that he hadn’t done this with anyone before. Nobody would have been able to pull it off the way Wesley was.

Will leaned back against the headboard and pulled Wesley onto his lap. They both groaned when their cocks brushed together. This was going better than he had expected.

He picked up a strawberry and held part of it in his mouth, offering the other half to Wesley. Wesley leaned in and bit down on the strawberry, juice running between them and lips brushing together. Wesley licked at Will’s lips before pulling away, smiling.

Will would be pissed if he wasn’t so surprised. The kid was a goddamned tease, and from the smile on Wesley’s face, he knew it. He growled and pulled Wesley in for a kiss. He laughed delightedly into the kiss, so Will deepened it, making it rougher and more demanding, and Wesley responded enthusiastically.

He broke the kiss and put another strawberry partway in his mouth. This time, when Wesley leaned in to bite the strawberry, Will held him firmly in place, licking his way inside Wesley’s mouth, the taste of Wesley and strawberries bursting to life on his tongue. It was delicious.

He growled again, low in his throat and felt the resounding shiver in Wesley. He pulled away, but before he could reach for another strawberry, Wesley had dipped a finger into the warmed chocolate, and was holding it up for Will. Will greedily sucked the finger into his mouth, making sure to lick off every last bit of chocolate.

When he had licked off every last drop, he dumped Wesley onto his back without any finesse and picked up the bowl of chocolate, slowly drizzling some along Wesley’s chest and stomach, making sure there was some around each of his nipples.

He put the chocolate back onto the table, and picked up the bowl of whipped cream, spooning some onto each of Wesley’s nipples before dipping a finger in and offering it up to Wesley. He watched as Wesley licked it off, a languorous quality to his actions and his features. He had never seen Wesley more turned on, and he wasn’t even close to finishing.

He started on one whipped cream and chocolate covered nipple, licking it clean and making sure it was nice and hard, before moving onto the next. Wesley was positively writhing beneath him by the time he started licking along the chocolate trail he had made, his hands gripping Will’s hair, sometimes painfully.

After licking the last drop of chocolate off of Wesley, the kid finally uttered something that was more than just a sound.

“Will.” The word was broken and desperate and it made Will’s toes curl. Wesley needed to come right now. He moved back up Wesley’s body to whisper in his ear.

“Almost baby. I promise.”

He picked up the bowl of chocolate again and drizzled it on Wesley’s cock. He had planned on spending more time figuring out what Wesley liked, but he didn’t want to torture Wesley too much this time. That could wait for another day. Besides, the way Wesley had moaned his name, Will would have given him anything he asked for, and he knew he would do anything to hear it again.

The first touch of Will’s tongue brought out a muttered “shit” from Wesley, along with a whimper. He made quick work of the chocolate and swallowed Wesley down as far as he could take him. Will slid his mouth along the length of Wesley a few more times listening to Wesley’s babble turn into a steady litany of “yesyesyes” and then coming with a shout.

Will made sure to suck every last drop out of Wesley before moving back up his body to place a quick kiss to Wesley’s lips and then collapsing beside him. Will took himself into his hand, stroking gently, waiting for Wesley but needing to ease some of the ache.

Finally, Wesley rolled on top of him and kissed him thoroughly. When Wesley pulled back, he look at Will intently, a smile slowly forming. Will raised his eyebrows questioningly, but then Wesley was moving down his body. Oh! He tried to say something, but his brain and his mouth didn’t seem to want to connect, and then Wesley’s mouth was on him.

“Oh fuck!” It definitely wasn’t his most eloquent, but Wesley was surprisingly good for his first time. He’d only had the two blowjobs from Will, and they hadn’t exactly been his best work, and now all of a sudden the kid was sucking cock like a pro. If he weren’t on the receiving end, then he might be a little upset by that.

He was running hot because of what he had done to Wes, so it didn’t take him long.

“Wes. Gonna come,” he tried to warn, but Wesley just hummed happily around his cock, and that was all it took to push him over the edge, coming in Wesley’s mouth with a shout, and damned if the kid didn’t even gag.

He was vaguely aware of Wes moving up his body and leaning over him, watching him recover. When Will could focus again, he saw Wesley smiling down at him, looking smug.

“So, I suck cock like a pro?” Will had the decency to blush.

“I said that out loud, did I?”

“Yeah.”

“Ah. Well, I suppose you do. Brat.” Wesley chuckled and lay down next to Will, laying his head on Will’s shoulder.

“I do not want to go back to the bridge.”

“Me neither.”

“I accept your apology, by the way.”

“Wes, you know I wasn’t actually trying to apologize with-“

“Yeah, I know.”

Wesley groaned and dragged himself out of the bed and got dressed. Will helped him smooth down his hair and the pulled him in for a kiss, hugging him tight. Wesley hugged him back, and Will wished he didn’t have to let Wesley go. Still, the time they had just spent together had been worth the risk of doing it during the day.

He let go of Wesley and watched him walk out of his quarters, a constriction in his chest that he had never felt with such intensity before. He wasn’t ready to tell Wesley, but he could no longer deny the feeling himself.

He had absolutely no idea how it happened, especially so soon, but he was in love with Wesley Crusher.