Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.

CHAPTER TEN

	Mark's loving mouth moistened Mom's pussy for Daddy's thick hard cock. Mom was down on her hands and knees, her fat brown nipples stiff at the tips of her heavy dangling breasts. Her buttocks wiggled as she shook her behind invitingly an invitation which her husband was about to take her up on.

	Mom's hands and knees sank deep into the mattress on which she knelt. The roaring fire in the hearth, the sole source of illumination in the living room, made her flesh glow with warm red highlights which shone like neon. Her pussy lips, warm and quivering, were saturated with a dripping coat of Mark's saliva. The incestuous mother was equally wet inside her slit.

	Daddy stood on his knees behind his wife. Her rear was white and rounded, her pussy wet and quivering. He guided his stiff cock between her legs. Just as his wife had been wettened by the oral services of her son, Daddy's cock was wet and tingling from the sucking Jane had given it. Daddy rubbed his cock head against Mom's quivering pussy. She moaned, moving her hips up and down as his cock head rolled glidingly over her sex. He pressed the tip of the cock against the pussy lips and sank it inside her.

	Her labia were spread by his cock head. Mom grunted, then sighed with rising lust as the rigid red shaft penetrated her. Holding tight to her wide warm hips, Daddy sank his cock deep in her pussy. He began to thrust, his buttocks hard and tight. As her husband fucked her pussy from behind, Mom reached for Linda, who stood the closest to her. She pulled Linda to her.

	Linda got down on her hands and knees, assuming the position which Mom suggested. Linda's lush buttocks jiggled as she crawled to her place in front of Mom. The teen's ripely rounded buttocks were inches from Mom's face. Mom rubbed her face against the smooth soft hairless globes of Linda's behind. The buttocks rippled as the hot face glided over them. Mom licked Linda's behind. She darted her pink tongue out from her ripe red lips, then rolled the broad flat part of it over Linda's ass.

	Linda moved her hips in response to the tonguing, resting her forearms on the mattress, while her stiff-nippled breasts grazed the mattress. Mom's mouth, sighing from the slow steady and deep fucking which her husband was giving her, moved down from Linda's bottom to her pussy.

	Feeling the mouth against her sex, Linda moved her knees farther apart, opening her thighs and delivering up her pussy to Mom's mouth of fire. Mom fastened her red lips to Linda's pussy lips, which glowed warmly. Linda shuddered from excitement as Mom's tongue followed the folds of her quivering pussy. Mom's hands fastened on Linda's hips, her palms sweaty, her fingers sinking into soft flesh. She urged Linda to move more to the side.

	Now Mark moved into position. Linda, sighing with excitement, fondled his smooth inner thighs, his bottom, his hard stiff penis. Taking his position in the group, Mark lay down on his back in front of Linda's head. His body was turned at an angle, so that it curved back toward his parents.

	On his back, Mark stretched his legs on either side of Linda's kneeling form. Her head was held over his cock and balls. His balls tingled and his cock jumped and jerked when the soft tips of her hair brushed his genitals. Her warm soft breath excited him more. Linda took hold of the rod of his cock a rod which Mom had not brought to orgasm when Mark had gone down on her pussy and took it inside her mouth.

	Mark whimpered with heated lust as his stiff red cock was enveloped by his sister's wet, warm, sucking mouth. His mouth was open and moaning from the pleasure of having his hard cock sucked. His mouth was just ready for his sister Jane. Jane completed the group. Smiling widely, she straddled her brother's head, so that her ripe cupcake buttocks rested on his chest.

	Her soft smooth thighs pressed his sides. like Mark, like Linda, Jane too took her position at an angle, rather than a straight line. Jane sat on Mark's face. She leaned forward, rubbing her thinly bushed pussy against Mark's mouth. His lips fastened to her sex. Jane now faced Daddy's back. The family unit was in the form of a circle, a line which curved back on itself and closed the circle of flesh.

	Daddy's back was sweating, the muscles flexing and rippling, his buttocks hard and tightly clenched as he thrust his cock in and out of Mom's pussy. Leaning forward, Jane nuzzled Daddy's sweating buttocks, rubbing her hot face against it. Daddy's cock jerked when Jane kissed his rear. Jane pressed her white even teeth on a fold of his taut bottom and nibbled it.

	Lust seethed and smoked in the circle of incestuous lovers. Each family member was plugged into another, forming a chain of flesh. Daddy fucked his wife's wet pussy, Mom tongued Linda's pussy, Linda sucked her brother's cock, Mark mouthed Jane's thin-lipped sex, and Jane kissed and licked her father's ass. The circle was closed. Daddy's cock pumped in and out of Mom's pussy, each stroke over her membranes caressing his flesh, heating it to new fevered peaks.

	His excitement only doubled when his daughter Jane's tongue rolled over his ass. His sensitive bottom flesh tingled under her sweet warm breath. Linda's juices were smeared on Mom's licking, sucking face. Wet sounds came from between Linda's thighs, where Mom mouthed her pussy. Mom's tongue caressed heat and fiery excitement into Linda's sex. Her clitoris glowed red and hot, sizzling when a tongue crossed it. Linda's head bobbed up and down, the tips of her hair flailing Mark's hips, cock and balls. She circled the base of his shaft with her thumb and forefinger.

	She held his cock straight up, while she massaged it with her sucking mouth. The cock quivered and jerked as it was fondled by her velvet tongue. Linda sucked Mark wetly and noisily. Saliva drooled from the corners of her stretched mouth, spilling on her chin and his swollen balls. Moaning Mark rocked his hips, moving them in time to the thrusts of Linda's mouth up and down the flaming red pole of his penis.

	His moans were muffled by Jane's pussy, which pressed his mouth. Her thighs pressed his sides with their soft smooth warm flesh. The weight of her was firm and yet not unpleasant. Her squirming buttocks pressed the top of his chest, while she ground her pussy against his mouth. The thin lips of her pussy burned with erotic heat. Between the lips, inside, the membranes seethed with even greater heat.

	Mark's tongue thrust in and out of her pussy, lapping her juices. He paused only long enough to swallow them, then continued the tonguing. Jane moved so that the top of her slit pressed his puckered lips. The little pink pearl of her clitoris throbbed against the wet insides of his lips. She rubbed her clit against his puckered lips. His tongue darted, flicking over the node of flesh, stroking sizzling heat into it.

	Jane leaned way far forward, thrusting her oozing pussy even harder and tighter against her brother's mouth. She wedged her face against Daddy's wet sweaty buttocks, forcing her narrow face between his ass cheeks, where it was warm and sticky. Jane kissed his puckered hole, licking the wrinkled folds of it.

	Daddy reached his peak arousal. His hips pumped with frenzy, so that his cock was a stiff red blur plowing the pussy of his wife. Her plump buttocks jiggled under the steady impact of his hips when he shoved deep into her. He held her hips as he penetrated her to the pit. His cock head bumped the mouth of her womb. His rod of flesh was holstered in her silken sizzling pussy. His erection twitched, then orgasmed. Semen, thick and gushing, was pumped from his swollen balls, up the column of stiff red flesh which was his cock, and into his wife's pussy.

	Mom whimpered when her man came inside her. Her whimperings were buzzing vibrations which rippled through Linda's pulsing membranes. Squeals and sighs were forced from Linda. Mom's tongue whipped the girl's clitoris, flashing over it in a heated frenzy. Linda took her brother deep into the back of her golden throat. When she knew that he was going to come, she clutched his erection in her mouth.

	Her lips held the base of his cock. In her mouth, Mark's penis swelled as he came, the rod twitching and jerking on Linda's tongue. The cock head was wedged deep. Semen jetted from it, gushing thickly. Linda slurped, sucked, and swallowed. Thick come slid down her gullet.

	Jane had to stop licking her father's ass. She was too feverish to do anything but sit up straight on her brother's face and ride his mouth to orgasm. That orgasm was not long in coming. Mark's tongue and licking lips, working relentlessly on her pussy, brought Jane to her climax. Jane's thighs squeezed his sides, pressing her pussy harder against his face. She tossed her head back and shook it from side to side.

	Mark's mouth felt the convulsions of her pussy as she came. The slippery membranes pulsed and quivered where they pressed his lips. Sighs, sobs, gasps, and moans sounded around the circle of flesh, as the various participants reached their own shattering orgasms.

	Flesh was joined to family flesh. Jane and Linda were sleek and lithe and glowing from the climaxes which had left them dazed and breathless. Blinking the sweat from his eyes, his cock still stiff and throbbing inside his wife, Daddy looked around at his family and beamed with pride. 

THE END

I hope you enjoyed this story. I would appreciate comments good and bad.  Your comments help keep the juice flowing so I and other authors continue to give you the work you so enjoy.  PJ
