Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 29: The Game

“Tee-tee, now that you’ve calmed down, we’re going to play a game? Isn’t that great?”

Tia had stopped moving much, though she still sat astride the toy, her body still thrumming with the aftershocks of her g-spot induced orgasm.

“Umm, yeah?”

‘Hmm, you seem unsure, maybe that cum you just had was too much? Too different?”

“No, it was ... good”

‘No shit, we could tell. I mean, look at you!”

Tia didn’t say anything, just sat there being looked at, feeling more and more like some sort of toy for Katie’s amusement.

“So, since you are being such a chicken, Mom helped me figure out a way to make it fair.”

“I’m not a chicken!”

“Yeah, whatever. Anyway, I’m setting a timer. Every time it goes off, you’ve got 4 minutes to make that little cunt of yours cum. If you do, then you can lower the number of people that are going to see you naked at Rhea’s party.”

“And if I don’t the number will go up?”

‘Of course, otherwise, what’s the point? We’ll start at, um, 22? Yeah, 22”. Katie sounded rather excited, though Tia was still a bit unsure about all of this. Especially the thought of all those people at the party. On the one hand, fuck yes. On the other hand, Oh god!

Tia had lost track of the number of times Katie’s phone had gone off. The whole afternoon and early evening had been an odd combination of markedly normal behavior, interrupted with intensely erotic interludes. Each announcement of her next timed trial would send her into a nervous frenzy, eager to get herself off quickly, no matter what they had been doing a moment before. Time after time she kept failing to meet the time limit, though she was sure she had made it at least a couple of times. Maybe three. After so many hours and tries, it was hard to remember exactly. Even now, as she rocked herself atop the chair-mounted dildo yet again, she heard the timer going off and Katie’s voice almost sadly announcing that she had lost again.

“God, Tia, maybe this is just too hard. I know you are trying, but at this rate, the whole school will be at the party!”

Tia shuddered, still fucking herself slowly, no longer trying to cum quickly, but unable to just stop moving.

“I know. I’ll give you a choice. Either try and get off in four minutes like we have been doing, or put that mouth of yours to work on me. Make me cum instead, and since you might think I’d fight you, no time limit!” Katie came and stood before her and looked at her with her head tilted a little to the side. “That work for you?”

Tia shrugged. She did not really care much at this point. She had begun to feel like she had little control over what was going to happen at the party now, and had begun to resign herself to a larger and larger audience every time she had missed the four-minute mark. Getting to move the number back down would definitely be better in the long run, she thought, and it was not like she was opposed to playing with Katie’s body. It was just different now, she sensed. In the past, she had almost always been tied up and Katie would straddle her. She did not think Katie was planning on tying her up every time the timer went off.

Tia nodded, “Um, sure, I mean, I’d like it to be just a few people, not a hundred!”

Katie smiled, almost giddy with excitement. “Great, well, I’ll give you a free chance now, even though you just failed, if you want. Or we can just wait for the next time the timer goes off!” She turned to leave, pausing when Tia called after her.

“No, wait, I mean, now is ok,” she said, feeling suddenly nervous as she blatantly told her friend she was willing to make her cum. It had never really been said before, it just sort of ‘happened’.

Tia pulled herself from the dildo attached chair, feeling her dampness slide easily up and off of the fake prick. She ran a hand nervously down her body, brushing against her clit as she tried to calm her body a little. She moved across the tile to Katie, looking at her and asking “Um, where?”

“Oh, silly, here. Wherever the timer goes off is the rule, right? So, um, best hurry before mom comes by if you are serious!”

Katie was not making it easy for Tia as Tia stood in front of Katie naked and uncertain. She looked at Katie and then out the door towards the rest of the house where Carol was doing whatever it was that older people did in the afternoons. “I ... um, ok ... it’s just” Tia stumbled over her words before taking a deep breath and reaching for Katie’s shorts. She began to lower them, dragging her best friend’s panties along with their shorts as she slowly kneeled, her hands sliding lower and lower, denuding her friend’s lower body.

Placing her hands on Katie’s round hips, she could feel her friend’s nervousness twitching through her skin, and as she pulled the full buttocks towards her, she opened her mouth and breathed heavily into Katie’s bundled pubic hair. She felt Katie awkwardly move her feet apart, and as she knelt lower with her bare bottom coming to rest on her heels, she slowly mouthed the whole plane of her best friend’s sex. She was sliding deep into her submissive mindset now, her mind no longer thinking much about what she might look like, or what she needed to do next. Her job was to get Katie off, and she began to lick and tease Katie’s wet sex with an eagerness she could not hide.

“Oh god, you really are so good at that” she heard Katie murmur as she grasped harder onto Katie’s bare bottom and pulled her friend’s lower body hard against her mouth. Kneeling, tilting her head back a bit, she began to lick and suck directly over Katie’s wet opening, and when she felt her friend’s hands on the back of her head, she felt a shiver of obedient pleasure slide down her body. Openly mouthing and licking Katie’s wet cunny, she felt a bit dizzy as the powerful scent of her friend’s eagerness washed over her.

Tia was lost in the smell of her friend. Over and over she licked and sucked, enjoying the way Katie’s body rocked against her mouth, her sex sliding up and down and coating her nose and chin with her liberally flowing juices. When Katie began to speed up, her fingers clenching Tia’s dark hair, she drove her tongue deep inside of Katie’s cunt and grabbed hard onto her buttocks. The sound of her friend cumming was as thrilling as anything, and as she sucked and licked Katie dry, she felt her own body thrumming with arousal and excitement. She was only vaguely aware of Katie cumming while standing over her, but as her friend pulled away, softly stroking Tia’s hair, Tia flushed, realizing she had satisfied her aroused friend.

“Good girl, yes!” Katie said, stepping away and grabbing her discarded shorts and underwear. “Wait there, I think you’ve had enough ‘free’ time”. With those ominous-sounding words, Katie left Tia kneeling in the middle of the living room, Katie’s juices slowly drying on Tia’s cheeks and chin. “Just getting some rope” she heard Katie say to her mother as she took the stairs quickly. The heavier tread of Carol was obvious as Katie’s mom came down to the main floor, passing Katie heading up to her room.

Tia could hear Carol’s footsteps stop just outside the living room, and as she continued to kneel, obediently waiting for Katie, she felt that naughty little extra pleasure she got anytime someone saw her naked. Even with no ropes.

“So, are you winning or losing?” she heard Carol ask. Turning to look at the other woman stepping just inside the room, she flushed as she glanced down at her bare body.

“Losing a lot, I think, though...” she paused, unsure if she wanted to admit that there was a new way to win or not.

“Hmmm, maybe you want to have the entire party see you, hmm?” she heard Carol say, though Katie’s mom’s voice sounded like she was teasing.

“No ... no...” Tia protested, though her face felt warm and flushed.

“No, what?” she heard Katie say, looking up and seeing her friend approach with some of the white rope she had used in the bedroom in her hands. She had changed clothes as well, discarding her top along with the shorts Tia had removed, and was dressed as if for bed in her faded Tinkerbell sleep shirt.

“No, I don’t want the entire class, the entire party to see...” Tia said, casting her eyes down as they both moved into the room. Carol seemed to be able to innately sense what would embarrass Tia in front of Katie (and vice versa she thought as she looked quickly at Katie slapping the rope in her hands) and it was clear that they were both well aware how much she enjoyed all of these games, embarrassing as they might be.

“Hmmm, well, you sure need to work harder then. I think we were up to 40 before you finally knocked the number down to 38 or so.”

“She did? I thought for sure...” Carol seemed surprised, turning to look at Katie and ignoring the nude kneeling girl.

“Oh, yeah, well, I gave her a second chance, and she did well, so, there’s hope for her yet!”

“Oh, mmm, good girl then!”

“Yes, exactly what I told her, good girl!”. Katie paused before adding, “now, be a good girl, arms behind your back, grab your opposite elbows!”

Tia had her arms behind her back almost before she could register what she was doing, stretching to grab a hold of her elbows. Her breasts thrust forward, small though they were, and her nipples seemed to stand out, begging to be touched. They were so hard; she knew if she had dared pinch them, she’d practically cum just from that touch alone. She ventured a look up at Carol and caught the older woman watching her with as much interest as Katie and her friends ever gave her.

As Katie bound her wrists to her forearms behind her back, Tia pulled experimentally against the soft rope. She thought Katie must have done a bit of web searching during her long absence as this new way of being tied up seemed quite firm. A couple of strands of rope encircled her chest, one above and one below her breasts, and they tied into her strapped arms behind her, effectively binding her topside while allowing the rest of her body free movement. Midway through the rather elaborate binding, Katie’s mom had taken her leave, reminding them that dinner would be ready soon. “You really should let your toy eat before you bind to them like that, you know,” she had said to her daughter before leaving the two of them alone again.

Katie smiled at her as soon as her mom left, teasing, “She doesn’t know you just had a snack, hmmm? Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you get some proper food too, can’t have you starving or anything. I just love having you at my beck and call though...” She ran her hands over the lengths of rope running around Tia’s body before pulling up on Tia’s elbow, helping her to stand. “Come, let’s see if mom needs any help.”

Tia had been following in Katie’s wake for the last hour or so. Walking along, or sitting down, her arms bound behind her, she felt constantly exposed, even more than normal. The ropes around her body seemed to highlight her inability to cover up, forcing her breasts to keep in the open, making her unable to even inadvertently cover her pubic area. They had checked in with Carol, who apparently did not need any help, though she did smile at her daughter and Tia’s ongoing game. Left at loose ends until dinner, they had eventually gone to watch some television until it was time to eat. At least Katie did. Tia was made to stand next to the couch, facing away from the screen so that Katie could ‘keep an eye on her pet’. Nude, bound, Tia had stood there, obedient, listening to the program on the television. It had not surprised her when Katie had reached out with one hand to lightly trace her bare thigh. At a push from her friend’s hand, she had parted her feet and made room between her thighs for Katie’s hand. The rest of the program was a bit more entertaining as Tia stood as best she could while Katie’s fingers continually toyed with Tia’s wet sex, bringing her to the edge, over and over, though never quite giving her release. By the time Carol called out that it was time to eat, Tia was a quivering mess.

“There, that should make it easy for your next test, hmm? Aren’t I nice?” Katie said as they went to join her mother.

“I assumed you’d be feeding her, at least until you decide to untie her?” Carol said as they entered the kitchen. Tia glanced at the table, seeing two places set with what looked like chicken caesar while the third had a hotdog on a bun.

“Oh yeah, I guess, I mean I could untie her now, but I still had something I wanted to see her try, so, um, yeah, I will help her eat.” Katie moved Tia’s plate over next to hers. When she went to grab Tia’s chair, still festooned with the g-spot dildo, she was stopped by her mother.

“As much as I’m sure we’d enjoy her show, without her hands she really can’t push up and down very long - and she’d get tired and likely hurt herself so...”

“Oh, I really had not thought ... I’m glad you had though.” Katie stood and looked at her mother, the two of them exchanging looks that seemed to speak to far more than what had been said out loud. Tia’s anticipation of sitting upon the dildo while eating was thwarted, though she had to admit she had not considered anything besides sitting down - obviously getting up or even sitting carefully would have been impossible without the use of her hands.

It was awkward and embarrassing to sit down on the chair Katie retrieved, waiting while the two of them took a couple of bits of salad before Katie turned to her and offered her the end of the hotdog. Being fed was an odd experience, and Tia was not sure this was part of something she wanted to repeat. She did not say anything, though. It was not as if it was ‘bad’ or anything, but she made a mental note to discuss things later with Katie.

After only a couple of minutes, an alarm went off on Katie’s phone and her friend turned to her with a predatory smile. “Hope you enjoyed your break, but unless you want 50 people seeing you naked and cumming like the horny slut you are, it’s time for you to get that number down!”

Tia looked at Katie with obvious confusion when she made no move to untie her. “But ... I’m tied up still!” She said, trying to understand how she could possibly do what Katie’s test demanded. Unless. “You mean...?” she looked at Katie’s waist before darting to look over at Carol who continued to eat her salad.

“Oh? If you really want to, sure, but I thought you’d at least consider the options. I mean, if you can’t use your hands maybe you can just, you know, become friends with something like, hmm, the corner of the table looks about right - you know, like the edge of the desk at school. Don’t tell me you never idly stood next to it and let it press — right there — hmm?”

Tia flushed, her mind going from confusion to nervous fear that Katie had wanted her to lick her to uncertainty over just how Katie expected her to get off from pushing against the table. She knew what her friend was talking about, of course, it was no secret that certain things gave her a private little pleasure even in public places like school. She just had never imagined trying to actually go all the way that way. Or if it would even work. Still, judging by Katie’s look, she knew she was going to have to try. And doing it in front of Carol was likely just more of the game. Not that she minded. Far from it, but it was ... interesting.

Getting up from her seat, Tia moved to the corner of the wooden dining table and looked at the edge for a moment before looking back at Katie to confirm this is really what she expected. She caught the two of them just looking at her, a slight smile on Carol’s face.

“Come now, I should have started the timer already, but you’ve been having such trouble winning I’m being nice!”

Katie’s prodding broke Tia out of her indecision, and she pressed forward against the smooth wooden corner of the table, moving and sliding herself a little from side to side. The height was not quite right, and she pushed up on her toes a little to get the corner to press against her clit. As soon as she felt it pressing firmly against her, she pushed steadily, moving from side to side and up and down just a bit, making the pleasure begin to wash through her. Looking up, she saw they were both watching her, acting like an obedient little slut for them, and she felt an answering tingle inside of her cunt. “Oh ... mmmm” she gasped a little when she felt a particularly effective press against her.

“Such a good pet you’ve become,” Katie teased, taking another bite of her salad while the two of them watched Tia writhe against the table for a moment. “But, you are too far away. Come use this corner,” she said, patting the table between her and her mother.

Moving in between the two seated family members, Tia felt just a tiny bit more naked. They were both so close to her as she stood rather obscenely rubbing herself against the edge of the table, masturbating against the wooden corner while they ostentatiously tried to enjoy their dinner. Awkwardly pressing against the table, unable to really control herself very well without the use of her hands, Tia looked down and saw the wood pressing in and against her, her lips spreading and peeking out beneath her tightly wound black curls.

She jumped when she felt a hand on her buttock, and she turned to see Katie smirking up at her. “Best hurry up, only two minutes left and you don’t look all that close!” Katie’s hand clenched her buttock and urged her against the corner of the table.

Tia grunted a little, then groaned as she ground herself against the corner of the table, her calves quivering as she stood up a bit to get the pressure just right. Groaning a little, she pressed forward and slid downwards, feeling the smooth wood slide through her sex, sliding upwards to press against her erect clit before sliding on past. Over and over, Tia repeated her actions, jumping a bit when she felt a second hand on her other buttock. Realizing both Katie and Carol were feeling her body react to the table masturbation, she began to shiver and shake between the pleasure of their hands and the teasing pleasure of the table.

Tia could feel herself getting closer and closer, and she clenched her buttocks as she drove herself hard against the table. She felt flushed, her nipples aroused and aching, and just as she felt like she was going to crest the top of the hill of her arousal, she heard Katie’s phone chime. Katie’s light slap on her bottom and tsking voice told her she had yet again missed the time limit.

“Oh, so close. And such a pleasant view you were giving us. Even mom is impressed I can tell!” she heard Katie say, in a voice that sounded like she was not that upset Tia had missed the time limit.

Tia groaned, pressing against the table again in her need, though she settled down onto her heels in defeat. She was going to be so exposed in front of so many people now.

“So, mmm, 55 people now. I’m going to have to get Rhea to invite a few more, maybe from a younger grade. I’m sure they would love seeing you all naked and even more.”

Tia groaned, turning a pleading eye towards Katie.

“Unless ... of course...” Katie said, glancing down her own body before smirking back at Tia. She turned a little away from her mother, but it was clear what she was insinuating.

“Katie!” Tia hissed, glancing at Katie’s mom before glaring back at her friend.

“Hmmph, up to you! You are the one that’s going to be showing off to the entire school pretty soon. Maybe we should just strip you in the hallway next week, to heck with the party!”

“Katie!” Tia repeated, her face flaming and her eyes darting between Carol and her friend. Katie’s mom seemed to not have a clue what they were talking about. The one time Carol looked back at Tia, she seemed to just be smiling like she always did. She couldn’t have any idea what Katie was telling Tia to do, could she?

Katie again drew Tia’s attention, turning a little and putting her feet a little bit further apart. It was clear, like always, that Katie was intent on pushing things. Pushing things until someone got upset or someone - Tia - got in trouble! “Come on, you know you want to...”

“Hmmmm?” Carol said, putting her fork down and taking a sip of her wine.

“Oh, just offering Tia another snack but I don’t think she wants it.” Katie answered, continuing the tease and giving Tia a look that said she would be rather disappointed if Tia did not take the offered ‘snack’.

Knowing her friend like she did, Tia realized that even if she demurred this time, Katie would not stop pushing things in front of her mother. For some reason, she wanted Tia to do even ‘that’ in front of her mom. Katie always wanted to push things, even more than Tia had imagined, though, to be honest, she ended up enjoying everything immensely. From the exposure in the hallway in front of the door to the escalation of their games at the sleepover, Katie had kept Tia aroused and eager to play, even if it was in ways she had not initiated herself.

Glancing again at Katie’s mom, Tia stood, torn with indecision. A small part of her was as intrigued with pushing the limits as Katie was, though the fear of upsetting Carol or ruining things was filling her with doubt. She could feel her heart racing as she worried back and forth, uncertain and unsure. She kept looking at Katie’s expectant face, and the way she was subtly displaying her lap. With her blood pounding in her ears, it was almost like she was in a tunnel or something, and all she could see was Katie waiting and feeling her own nervousness and arousal warring within her. The rest of the room seemed to fade away into a sort of gray fuzziness until all she was seeing was Katie’s lap and feeling herself slowly dropping to her hands and knees and knee walking the two steps to reach Katie’s chair. The world became even smaller, nothing above Katie’s waist seemed to even exist, and as she ran her nose up her friend’s bare legs and pushed her long Tinkerbell-themed sleep-shirt upwards until she could see Katie’s aroused sex peeking out, devoid of any covering. The naughty minx had kept her panties off when she had changed clothes! Keeping her eyes on Katie’s soft pinkness and ignoring the rest of the world, Tia leaned in to kiss and nibble on Katie’s thighs as she pressed her head from side to side, sliding closer to the center of her universe. She could feel Katie wriggling, aiding her as she quickly moved in to kiss and inhale her friend’s scent as she pushed forward, bending a bit awkwardly with her arms still bound behind her.

Tia felt the world closing in around her until all she could think about was Katie’s sex, how it felt, how it tasted, how it moved underneath her lips, cheek, and mouth. Licking her friend from one end to the other, she ached to grab hold of Katie’s more rounded bottom and pulled her against her face. She could feel Katie sliding down in her chair a bit, and when Katie’s legs spread further, she drove her tongue deep inside the increasingly wet cunt her friend was pushing into her face. She tasted so good, like a sort of syrup, but not quite that sweet. And so wet. Katie was soaked and Tia made her tongue explore and lick and find every drop of wetness she could find. And more wetness just kept on coming.

The world continued to be little more than Katie’s sex and her mouth, even the sounds were more like a soft roaring of waves in her ears. After a time, though, Katie had slid a bit further down in her chair and Tia used her head to push one of Katie’s knees up and out, letting Katie put her foot on the chair next to her now bare bottom. Tia’s face was covered in Katie’s juices, and she kept her lips and mouth moving over the sweet-tasting pink flesh, reveling in how she was making her friend squirm. The roaring in her ears began to lessen, and she could hear some sounds of Katie enjoying herself. She also began to hear Katie and her mom’s voices, talking above her, and she groaned as she thought how she must look. She dove back in, ignoring the sounds above her, other than Katie’s pleasure-induced moans, and tried to bring her friend to her peak - though why she wanted to do that in front of her mother made her a little on edge. It wasn’t like with Tia and her brothers. That was different. Or was it? Realizing she didn’t really care all that much, mostly she just did not want things to get weird, she pressed her bare shoulders against Katie’s spread thighs, and pushed her chin hard against her opening while she licked and sucked on her friend’s turgid clit. If her friend wanted to cum like a horny little thing in front of her mother, who was she to complain.

Katie’s wails of pleasure made clear what was happening. After a short while, the shrieks faded from the room. Katie pushed Tia away and stood up, her whole body shaking while Tia looked up from her kneeling position, her face and cheeks soaked with Katie’s juices.

“I ... I gotta, um, I gotta pee,” Katie said, quickly fleeing the room, leaving Tia on her knees and her mom still sitting at the table, idly poking her fork into various pieces of lettuce.

An awkward silence descended while Tia knelt there, unsure what she was supposed to do. The longer Katie was gone, the more awkward it felt until Tia decided she should just get up and see if maybe Carol would either untie her or give her another couple of bites. She was hungry. And thirsty, she thought, licking her lips and tasting the remnants of Katie’s spend. Awkwardly rising, she finally dared to look over at Katie’s mom, standing silent as she watched Carol look her over with a smile curling the corners of her mouth.

“I, uh,” she said, stumbling to a stop as she could not find the words for the situation she found herself in.

“Oh, sheesh, don’t worry. It’s not like I did not know what you guys have been up to. I’m sure Katie told you we are very close.”

Tia thought about how Katie had told her that her mom had actually helped her buy a couple of toys to use on her, and she flushed, nodding in a bit of understanding.

“Yeah, but, um ... it’s not weird?”

“Weird? Maybe a little. Mostly makes me envious. I told you I had a friend like you two a long time ago. Makes me feel both young and old at the same time. Besides, I figure you can’t get her pregnant, hmm? Unlike say ... your brothers?”

Tia looked up. Startled. Did Carol know about her and her brothers? Was that what she was hinting about? Or did she just think they might want to be with Katie and there’s a lot more danger there? She suddenly felt bad about how reckless she had been with her brothers, and realized that her mom catching her had actually been a good thing, at least in the long run. The last thing she wanted to do was get pregnant before she wanted to start a family - and that was a long time from now, for sure.

“Yeah, um, that’s for sure,” she answered, still blushing at the awkward intimate conversation they were having. “I just, you know, my mom would not let me do this, I don’t think.”

“Well, Katie and I are closer than normal, I guess. We had a lot of talks while you were grounded and unable to come over and hang out. I know just how much she enjoys being with you.”

“And playing your games,” she added with a smile.

Tia blushed, remembering Katie telling her that her mother had actually helped pick out the toy they had been using. And possibly more - it had sounded like there was more than one, even though she’d only seen the one.

Katie finally returned, her face still looking a bit flushed, and she seemed to have a hard time looking at her mother.

“Katie!”

“Wha?”

“Look at me. It’s ok. Really. I thought it was rather beautiful.”

“God. I just felt, after you know...”

“Mmmhmmm, the heat of the moment was one thing, but after...”

“Yeah...”

“Well, let’s get your pet free so she can finish eating maybe? Unless you want to have to feed her. And she’s gonna have to pee sometime!”

“Oh, yeah. True!” Katie said, her voice sounding better and her face returning to normal. As Katie untied the ropes behind her back, and Carol helped unwind them, Tia slowly stretched her arms and rubbed her wrists, feeling the tingles as blood and her nerves returned to normalcy.

“We still have more stuff for salad if you want that instead of the hotdog,” Carol said when Tia sat down and picked up the simple fare.

“Oh, god, no, I love hot dogs. I have not had one in a while and for some reason, it’s just hitting the spot!”

Katie giggled a little, and Carol smiled, shaking her head at Tia’s almost childlike enthusiasm. After a moment, Carol again spoke up.

“Like I was asking before, what exactly are you guys planning at that party? I mean, Tia will get recognized, won’t she?”

“Yeah, I thought I told you. Rhea likes to Cosplay a character from one of her robot space anime shows and has a really cool shimmery white/purple wig that will easily cover Tia’s black hair. And I thought maybe some face paint or even a simple mask - it would go with the whole mystique thing, right?” Katie sounded confident, explaining her plans to her mother.

“Mmm, yes. That is good. But, well, she is going to be naked by the end, right?”

“Of course. And maybe more if everyone behaves!” Katie smirked a little, replying quickly.

“Mmm, yes, well. They will know she’s from your school?”

“Um, probably, yeah!”

“And they will know who was at the party.” Carol kept asking questions, and it became clear to Tia that she had something on her mind.

“Of course”

“So, they will know it’s someone not at the party and that is about so tall and has black hair”

“Well, sorta, they won’t know about the hair with Rhea’s wig on”

Carol looked down at Tia’s lap. “I don’t think your costume covers that? Does it?”

“Oh, um, no, you think we should cover it too?”

“Well, not exactly. A lot of women, and girls too, I should think, shave down there. If she did that, no one would even know if she was a blond or a brunette or what she might look like. You see?”

“Shave it off? Really? I mean...” Katie seemed both shocked and a little intrigued. Tia thought it was rather presumptuous that neither of them even asked her what she thought. She did not relish the idea of being made to look like a little girl, though the thought that it might make her harder to recognize did make a little sense to her. A little.

Nothing more was said about it, for the time being, Tina was even successful at the next timed masturbation, eagerly riding the dildo on the kitchen chair to a powerful orgasm while Katie watched with a smile. As she came down from her orgasm, she pulled herself up and off of the chair-mounted toy, but stopped when Katie held up her hand.

“God, that just looks so good,” Katie said, coming over and running her hand down Tia’s sweat-dampened skin, brushing past her breast to slide over Tia’s stomach. Her fingers kept up their journey, sliding lower and lower until they were playing with the top part of Tia’s damp curls, teasingly parting them to press against Tia’s clit - still throbbing from her orgasm - still stretched tight by the fake cock in her pussy.

Tina shook, her cunt spasming every time Katie’s finger rubbed across her swollen clit. “Oh god” was all she could get out, her body clamping around the toy while she stayed, straddled and exposed.

“I think maybe mom was right though. If we shave this off” Katie said, pausing to rub her hand boldly over all of Tia’s pubic hair, “no one would suspect such a dark-haired little kitty cat, hmm?” Katie’s fingers continued to torture Tina’s aroused sex, smiling as Tia groaned and ground herself against Katie’s hand and the toy buried inside of her. After a moment, Katie paused, letting Tia calm down a bit before wiping the wetness on her fingers off on Tia’s upper thigh.


Chapter 30: The Shave

“Let’s take a shower then figure out how to shave you, hmm?” Katie said, sounding like she was not really asking a question. She moved off a bit before standing and waiting for Tia to join her.

Which she did. The wetness on her thighs increased a little as she pulled herself up and off of the toy, looking up when she heard Carol come in. She paused briefly, her hips raised above the blue dildo, then mentally shrugged and kept on moving, lifting her leg and getting herself removed from the chair/dildo combination.

“Oh, hi mom, gonna take a shower and then shave her smooth like you said. Will have to touch it up next weekend, but don’t want to wait to do it for the first time then, ya know?”

Again, it was clear Tia was not being asked, though she did not really complain. If she truly did not want to do this, she knew she could complain, but she was torn between the pleasure of the game and her own nervousness about it, deciding to simply let Katie, and her mom, have their way.

Tia stood in the master suite, the bright lights illuminating her naked body and watched as Katie turned on the water in her mother’s large tile-lined shower. She had been a bit surprised when they had passed the public bathroom and went into her mom’s room, but when she saw how nice the shower was, how much bigger it was, she understood.

She was startled out of her musings by her friend’s voice. “Go on, get in. It’s big enough for two!”. Katie was reaching down for the hem of her Tinkerbell sleep shirt as she spoke, pausing while she waited for Tia to get into the shower enclosure. Tia stepped quickly into the rapidly warming shower, her skin going all over goosebumps as the water hit her shoulder and back. She turned from side to side, sighing in pleasure before stepping out of the way as her newly naked friend stepped in beside her. She had seen Katie naked before, or mostly so, but never like this, and she felt unsure where to look as her round hipped friend got under the water.

Katie caught her awkward glance and paused her twisting back and forth under the water. “What? It’s not like you’ve never seen a girl before, right? I mean, I’ve seen you looking at me when we change and stuff.”

‘No, I mean, yeah, just...”

“Well if you are going to gawk, you might as well get me clean. Be a good pet and all that. No funny business though, I’m not all over-sexed like you!” With that said Katie held out the soft loofah she had just gotten wet and pointed to the shower gel on the small shelf.

Tia shook her head, chasing her odd thoughts away, and took the proffered loofah. While Katie turned around to face the water, she took some of the shower gel and got a good bit of suds going on the bath sponge. Satisfied, she washed Katie’s back, running the sponge up and down her friend’s fleshy back, noting how different her friend was shaped compared to her own lean, almost colt-like body. Where Tia was all lines and small subtle mounds and curves, Katie was nothing if not lushly round, her hips, her belly, especially her breasts, round and lush. At least compared to Tia’s rather boyish frame. Tia ran the soapy sponge all over Katie’s back and down over her full hips and buttocks. She did not shy away from Katie’s hips or stomach, and when Katie turned to put her back to the water, she continued washing, running her soapy sponge all over Katie’s chest, breasts and stomach.

Katie was watching her as she washed the front of her friend, smiling and nodding when Tia paused just under Katie’s breasts, waiting patiently until Tia washed Katie’s breasts a second time, spending a bit more time on them. She had never touched Katie like this, so openly, her hands going everywhere. In fact, other than with Jasmine she had not really touched another girl. They had simply touched her. Or pushed their wet pussies into her face. Flushing as she remembered the slumber party, and all the time she had spent physically pleasing her friends, Tia became distracted, her hands moving as if on their own until she was lightly playing with Katie’s nipples.

“Hey, I said none of that. I’m not, you know, an eager little slut pet. Just wash the rest of me now, you made me into a mess earlier after all!”

Blushing at the correction, Tia quickly pulled her hands away, a bit shocked at how she had acted without really thinking about it. Katie had moved so her legs were about a foot apart, obviously waiting, and Tia quickly took the loofah, got it sudsy again, and washed her friend down her stomach and between her legs. Katie turned, silently commanding her to keep washing, and Tia slowly, methodically, washed Katie’s bottom, not shying away from between her cheeks, getting her friend clean all over.

“Such a good kitty pet you are, Tee-Tee. I swear I could get used to this!” Katie said, turning again and rinsing all the soap from her body.

“Now, finish yourself up so we can see what we have to work with,” Katie said, nodding at Tia’s body. Tia began to quickly wash her own body, enjoying the rough/soft combination of the soapy loofah against her skin. She self consciously washed herself between her thighs, Katie’s eyes never leaving her as she washed her sex, her hips unconsciously twitching whenever her hand or the sponge brushed against her aroused clit.

A minute later, the loofah rinsed and back hanging from the showerhead, Tia stood in the damp shower and held still while Katie ‘inspected’ her.

“I’m not really sure the best way to do this,” she heard her friend say, Katie’s fingers trailing through Tia’s damp curls, idly brushing against her sex as if by accident. “Wait right here,” she said abruptly, opening the glass door and grabbing a large white towel. Tia could see her move towards the door, the towel wrapping around her. Quick as a thought, she heard the door open and Katie call out “Mom! Mom! Can you give us a hand?”

Tia didn’t hear any response, but it looked like Katie did since her friend stepped away from the door and came back to stand in the open door of the shower, looking at Tia standing in the spray of water.

A few moments later, Carol entered the ensuite and moved next to Katie, the two of them looking at her. Katie pulled on her towel, adjusting it, before speaking up. “I, well, we’ve never done what you said, and I was going to start, but I’m not sure the best way to do it. You know, without hurting her or anything.”

“Oh, I see. Well. First thing. You can’t do the first time in a shower. Later, you can probably do the touchups in the shower if you want, but first, you need to get out and pat yourself dry - but don’t go crazy and rub yourself completely dry. Damp and warm is good”

Tia turned off the water and got out, taking the towel Katie handed her and patted herself dry. The bathroom was very spacious and well-appointed, but with three of them in there it was a little crowded, and they had to maneuver around a bit to give Tia room to dry off while Carol was getting something from one of the lower drawers.

“Good, good. Now sit down, yes, on the commode” Carol said, turning to Tia. She took the towel from her and handed it to Katie before stopping Tia’s descent. “No. Open it up. Going to start with a trim and if you straddle the toilet, the hair will just drop into the bowl - no cleanup!”

Blushing as if she had done something wrong, though in reality she just had not understood, Tia quickly popped the lid up and sat down on the toilet, feeling a little awkward to be sitting like this with two others so nearby.

“There. Now, sweetie, part your knees. I can’t really trim anything if you are hiding it all away!”

Again Tia flushed, feeling awkward, like she was totally messing things up. She quickly parted her knees as far as she could until her left knee was pressed up against the side of the cabinetry. She watched while Carol laid out a small towel, a razor, before placing a can of shaving gel next to the towel. Katie’s mom had what looked like a small trimmer in her hand, and the soft buzz that emanated from it when she turned it on experimentally sounded loud in the tile-covered bathroom.

“Ok, just relax and try to not move. We’ll get the big curls off first, but don’t worry I won’t get too close with these, but it’s best to not move if you can help it.”

Tia nodded, her eyes wide as she watched Carol bring the clippers down to the level of her lap and turn it on. As soon as she felt the first tiny tugs on her pubic hair, she tensed and forced her legs and hips to stay as still as possible. She watched as patches of stubble became exposed, large bundles of black curls falling between her legs into the toilet bowl.

“Wow, that’s, um, wow” she heard Katie say, and she turned to look up at her friend as she stood next to the cabinet, watching from the side as her mother trimmed Tia’s pubic hair. Her towel was coming loose around her breasts and she kept fiddling with it to keep it tucked in while gazing steadily at what was happening between Tia’s legs.

Far more quickly than she would have thought, Tia watched Carol remove all the hair from between her legs, pressing each leg out and holding it while she ran the clippers carefully down each side one final time. The buzzing vibration of the hair trimmer had been startling at first, but by the time Carol was finished, Tia had begun to enjoy it, the vibrations sending naughty little tingles straight to her clit.

Even with Carol going slow and being careful, using the trimmer part of the operation didn’t take very long. In a few minutes Tia’s previously covered pussy, was now left with stubble on it, so bare that her arousal was obvious and she was sure Carol and Katie could see the build-up of her dew clinging to her labia, “Let’s see, I just need to make sure I haven’t nicked you at all, let me just take a look at you.” They all knew that there was no real reason to check, but it was so much fun to let Carol run her fingers over her engorged sex. She was puffy with excitement, and Katie’s mom took her time “inspecting” her for injury, to the point that she even spread her open, pinning her folds back, exposing the pink wetness inside.

“Okay, I think that’s good. Now, I know you are nice and limber. Hop up on the counter and sit on the towel”.

Carol was matter of fact, patting the towel she had laid out and backing out of the way, pushing against Katie who seemed to not be paying too much attention to where her mom was moving, her eyes constantly on Tia and the changes between her legs.

Tia was flushed all the way up her chest now, and as she got up on the counter, she spread herself even more lewdly - up and exposed, so to speak. She could feel them touching her, looking at her, and it was driving her nuts. Katie was watching avidly, her towel again falling off of her breasts, though she did not seem to notice. She could feel her nipples aching, and if Katie asked her to, she knew what she’d be doing to them, as well as other places on her body.

Working the gel into a watery lather, Carol spread the shaving cream all the way from above Tia’s pussy, right down through the crack of her ass. Once the cream covered everything, Carol took Tia’s left leg and pushed it up. Up until her foot was on the edge of the counter. “Can you hold it there?” she heard the older woman ask. Nodding slowly, adjusting her seat a little, she found her balance, only to be knocked off it when Carol grabbed her other leg and repeated the motion. As her other foot hit the tile countertop she could feel herself stretching wide open, and if it was not for the shaving cream, she was sure they would be able to see right up inside of her.

Putting the gel aside Carol washed her hands off and picked up the new razor, taking off the guard, tossing that in the trash. Turning around with the razor Carol knelt down, carefully pressing against Tia’s skin, and began the careful process of shaving the stubble from her sex.

“Hold still,” Carol said softly to Tia as she edged in on the area of her clit. She wasn’t touching it yet, but Tia was already having trouble staying still. She was squirming, and she was afraid they might cut her. “If you don’t hold still, I will get Katie to tie you down on the bed or on the couch!”

Tia gripped her knees and worked hard to not move, though every touch Carol made was making her squirm with increasing arousal. Her fingers kept getting closer and closer to her clit, and she had to stifle another gasp. When she pulled the skin tight on one side, and slid the razor just down along her clit, she shuddered with both fear and excitement. As she held still, waiting for Carol to continue, she felt a finger slide inside of her and Carol’s thumb pressing against the side of her swollen clit.

“You gotta stop moving so much. Maybe this will help...”

Tia felt so naughty now, spread wide and letting Katie’s mom touch her while she shaved her most intimate area. When Carol moved to the other side, again pulling her skin taut, Tia felt the woman’s finger slide along her clit and she jumped in startled pleasure.

“S-sorry!” she said as she stopped moving for a second, looking at her as if she was doing something wrong. She blushed and nodded, but as soon as Carol’s finger slid against her clit again, she moaned and gritted her teeth. “K ... K ... just ... go,” she said, feeling the razor slide down the other side, leaving her more and more bare.

As Carol again spoke to her, she could feel her slide a finger down towards her opening. “We gotta get further down now, so sorta lean back more and pull back on your knees and I have to hold you like this to get each side down here.”

Taking the time to refresh some of the shaving cream, Carol lined up and started taking small amounts at a time, edging ever closer to her anus and her vagina. To steady her, Carol had cupped her bottom on the other side, her thumb pressing and sliding in towards her wetness. As the older woman studiously worked, Tia could feel the thumb sliding closer and closer until it slipped inside of her.

“She’s dripping wet,” Carol observed to her daughter, teasing Tia a bit, holding her firmly as Tia jerked away a little at the intrusion.

Tia looked down at Carol’s face as she concentrated on her task, gasping again as she felt Carol’s thumb moving inside of her - ostensibly to hold her in place. She glanced at Katie and saw her friend’s own flushed face, Katie’s towel having once again come untied and her breasts exposed.

Tia could feel the scrape of the razor as they shaved her, and when Carol’s thumb pulled out of her only to be replaced with the older woman’s other thumb when her hand cupped Tia’s other buttock, she was not surprised. Carol continued to slowly probe her with her thumb, and she felt the scrapes of the razor removing the last bits of her hair.

Tia looked down between her legs, seeing her bare skin exposed, and watched as Carol slowly patted the area dry with her free hand, her thumb continuing to slowly fuck Tia’s cunny as if it was the most normal thing to do. And perhaps it was, Tia thought, her muscles spasming a little as she felt Carol’s thumb rub against her most sensitive spots.

“Look at that now,” Carol said in something just above a whisper, both her and Katie watching Carol slowly fuck Tia with her hand, Tia’s legs quivering as she held them up above the counter. Like some sort of bizarre examination, Tia watched as Carol slowly moved her thumb in and out of her before pulling free and using her right hand to carefully part her labia, folding them back like a pink flower, leaving her completely shaven and exposed.

“God, that’s ... sexy...” Katie breathed before gasping in shock when Carol leaned in and licked Tia from stem to stern. Once. And then a second time before sitting back quickly and pulling her hands away.

“Sorry, but it was so beautiful I just ... had to.”

Tia had been stunned, shocked a little at Carol’s tongue, but her immediate reaction was to groan and press forward, her arousal peaking as she continued to be spread and exposed. Wet and wanting, she looked at her friend and her mother, almost unable to voice her need.

“Please...”

Katie moved closer and grabbed Tia’s upright knee, keeping her spread open. Her towel had fallen completely away, and she stood there as naked as Tia was - albeit not shaven and spread wide.

“God, Tee-tee, you are such a slut! Begging for it!”

Tia clamped her mouth shut and moaned, her hips rocking against the countertop, on edge and feeling completely at their mercy. “Yes ... can you ... please?”

“That’s now how it works. You are the slut, not us. But I guess if Mom doesn’t mind, she can help you. You’ve been teasing her forever. She should see just how much of a kinky little slut you are, I guess.”

Carol’s fingers once again went between Tia’s legs, and as she turned her hand palm up, Tia felt two fingers slide inside of her while Carol’s thumb found her clit. As the older woman slowly worked her fingers and thumb like a small vise, she began to fuck back against their hand eagerly.

“Oh god, yes...”

“Fuck Tia, you just love having your wet little cunt played with, don’t you?” Katie said, no actual anger or sounds of upset evident in her voice. In fact, when Tia glanced away from Carol to her daughter, she could see her friend lightly running her hand over her stomach and lower, toying with the curls of her pubic hair.

Tia just moaned while Carol continued to finger fuck her, her thumb sending jolts of pleasure through her clit. Over and over Carol’s fingers moved until Tia was gasping out her pleasure, the sounds making clear her orgasm was close. She turned and stared at Katie while Carol was touching her, and she watched as Katie slowly played with herself while she watched the two of them. While she watched her mom make Tia cum.

Tia felt a warm wetness and her clit exploded, causing her to orgasm. Looking down, she could see Carol once again licking her, the woman’s mouth wide open and sucking on the whole of Tia’s sex while Tia’s hips bucked hard against Carol’s face.

“Fucking ‘ey, guess Tina’s not the only freak around here!” Katie said, her voice husky with her own arousal as she boldly played with herself while watching them. “I’ll let the two of you finish, but you get your ass to the living room as soon as she’s done with you, Tee-Tee. I will wait a few minutes before I start the timer again”

Tina could not believe what had just happened. She held still, her body still recovering from her orgasm, and watched Carol continue to kiss and lick every bare inch of skin between her legs. Katie had left them alone, and she was not sure if her friend was upset or just a little uncomfortable seeing her mother doing what she was doing. Tia was shocked, of course, but the pleasure had been undeniable, and the way Carol was lovingly licking and cleaning her up made her feel all warm and fuzzy in the afterglow of her orgasm.

Finally, Carol stopped and sat back on her heels. The older woman looked up at her a bit sheepishly and apologized. “Sorry, I just couldn’t help it, it is so ... pretty”

Tia flushed and smiled. “Oh. It’s ok ... mmm. Very. It was nice. I sure don’t mind.”

“I’ll bet!” Carol said, smiling as she helped Tia straighten her legs, holding her hand as she stepped down from the countertop. Naked as a nymph, Tia turned to smile back at Carol before heading towards the door “I better, um, go find Katie.”

“Yes, best get going, otherwise you will never get that number down, hmm? Though now they will have even less of a clue as to who you are!”

Tia went down the hall to Katie’s room, looking in for a moment before realizing Katie wasn’t there. Padding down the stairs, comfortable and a bit proud of her naked freedom, she heard the television on and went to where it was and spotted Katie still wrapped in her towel, watching a show and waiting for her.

Katie looked up, spotting Tia coming into the room, and motioned her over to the couch, having her stand next to her, but not blocking the screen. “Let me see!” Tina moved over to where Katie motioned and stood while her friend ran her hand up her thigh and across her newly shaven, baby smooth vulva.

“God Tee-Tee, that looks so good. And feels so soft. Gimme a little room here,” Katie said, patting the inside of Tia’s thigh before sliding in between her legs and pushing the side of her hand against Tia’s damp slit. Katie turned back to look at the television screen while her hand slowly explored Tia’s bare body, sliding all over her newly shaven areas and reaching around cupping her bare bottom, even slipping a single finger in between Tia’s labia.

“Good girl. Tee-tee - why don’t you go make us all some popcorn. LIke two bags. They are in the pantry by the cereal.” Katie said, removing her fingers and patting Tia’s bottom. As Tia walked towards the kitchen, she heard Katie’s mom come down and the two of them began to talk about something that she could not quite make out. It did not take her too long to find the popcorn, and while she waited on the first one to pop in the microwave, she opened a few cabinets until she found the popcorn bowl they’d used in the past. She took it, and another similarly large plastic bowl, and waited only a minute for the first bag to get done. Popping the second bag in, she carefully opened the finished, fully popped bag and poured it into the bowl. She could tell the other bag would be a minute before it would be done so she took the first bowl out and handed it to Katie. The two of them stopped talking as soon as she entered, though Katie was effusive in her praise.

“Mmmm, smells delicious Tee-Tee, such a good girl you are, hmm mom?”

Tia flushed, hearing them compliment her for being little more than a servant, though she hurried back to the kitchen in time to get the second bag as it finished. Returning to the other room, she paused briefly, waiting for instructions. Receiving none, she sat down on the couch near Katie and ate a little popcorn while trying to figure out what they had started watching. She soon figured out it was one of those procedural dramas her folks liked - and apparently Carol and Katie as well. Not that interested in the show, though it was not bad or anything - just not her thing - she got a little more comfortable on the couch and enjoyed the popcorn even though she knew the games were not done for the night. Katie had mentioned she was putting the timer back on, so Tia was sure there would be more naughty fun before the night was over.

Sure enough, a few minutes later the timer went off, and Katie paused their show and turned to Tia. “Time, Tee-tee! Four minutes, let’s see if you can get rid of a few people, hmm?” Katie adjusted her towel around her while she waited, and Tia could see Carol watching them both, though she did not say a word - just watched.

Quite familiar with this test, and how hard it was to reach her peak quickly, even if she was constantly aroused, Tia did not hesitate. She slid her hand down between her legs and slid two fingers up and down the length of her slit, coating them with her juices. She could feel her membranes pulsing as they awoke more completely, and her hips rocked of their own volition as soon as her slick fingertips found her clit and began that oh-so-familiar circular motion.

“Hmm, wait a second. Mom can’t see very well. That’s rather rude, no? I’ll give you another minute for the interruption, but go lay down on the carpet there and continue.” Katie told her, tapping away on her phone, no doubt adjusting the timer. Tia was well aroused already and did not really think much about giving Carol a better view. It wasn’t like they both had not seen her cum before. She rather quickly got down on the floor, pointing her feet at a point between Carol and Katie before pulling up her knees and parting her legs, her hand going back between her thighs immediately. She could feel the lips of her sex opening and closing a little with every circle she made of her clit, and she alternated long slides of her fingers down her slit with more rapid circles of her throbbing clit.

Tia closed her eyes and concentrated on the way her body felt, her knees rocking back and forth a bit and her hips bucking slowly against her hand. Over and over she touched her damp cunt, her hard clit, and she could feel herself building towards another orgasm. There had been so many today she had lost count. But she was not ready to stop. She loved the game. Loved the randomness of it all. The raw sexuality of it all. She was in another world when she was like this. Whether it was at home with her brothers, or here with Katie, she felt free.

“Time, so sorry!” Katie called out, interrupting her rapid rise towards orgasm. Groaning, clasping a hand to herself in frustration, Tia stopped trying to beat the timer and laid back on the carpet. “God, so close,” she sighed, her chest rising and falling with her heavy breathing.

“I know, poor thing, at least come get a snack and get your number down before you have the entire school there!”

Tia looked up and saw Katie smiling at her as Tia lay on the floor unsatiated. Glancing over at Carol, who seemed to be studiously watching the television, she got up on her elbows and looked at Katie, silently asking if she was serious.

“Mmmm, come now, you know you want to,” Katie said as she undid the top of her towel and spread it wide open against the couch, exposing her naked body.

Tia looked again at Carol, who continued to ignore the two of them and then got up on her hands and knees and began to move towards Katie. It was clear that Katie wanted to be as bold and exposed as possible, and after what had happened at the dining table (and even more so during the shaving experience) Tia figured that there was no way they were going to be in trouble. Far from it.

Katie scooted her bottom near the edge of the couch, slouching back as she parted her legs to give Tia enough room. As soon as Tia got to the right spot and knelt back on her heels, she could see how wet and ready her friend was. Even before she touched her, the soft petals of her sex had split wide and her pink center looked wet and inviting. With another glance at Carol, who had now turned her head to look at them, Tia leaned in and licked at the inviting wetness, closing her eyes as she tasted her friend and heard Katie’s small moans of pleasure.


