Im lying in my bed, wishing you were here.. my air conditioner is struggling.. its so hot.. I took a cold shower and Im sprawled out under my fan.. trying to breathe... 

Ive just been laying here daydreaming.. I imagine you coming thru my door right now, already pulling your shirt over your head and loosening your belt.. then you crawl onto the bed with me, up between my legs and plant a passionate kiss on my sweet lil happy pussy.. sigh.

Then youre nibbling my thighs.. your hands reaching up to cup my boobs gently.. looking up, smiling, devilishly.. as you circle my clit with your thumb until Im squirming beneath your touch.. sorry, I cant help myself.

Climbing up, kissing my belly as you ascend.. until your eyes are locked to mine.. then they close.. our mouths open and we kiss deeply.. slowly.. sweetly.. trying to savor the moment.. our hearts happy but our bodies hungry for each other.. impatient.. lol.

I reach my hand down to slide your pants further down.. and Im stroking your hard cock.. I love how hard I make you.. and how wet you make me.. we're perfect together, dont you think? sigh..


Placing your hand behind my neck, you lift up onto your knees, bringing me up with you.. you slide your pants off and take my face in your hands.. looking deep into my eyes.. not saying a word, but saying everything.

I reposition myself, my legs folded beneath me, and lower my head down to your beautiful cock.. kissing it gently, stroking you with a long, slow, full rhythm.. then I close my wet warm mouth over you and follow my hand up and down, with a slightly quicker pace.. my soft tongue dancing along your shaft.. throat relaxed.. taking you in completely.. to the hilt.. then releasing you from my mouth with a loud, obscene slurp.. then back in.. over and over..

Delighting in the way your breath changes.. and the way your fingers wrap thru my hair.. sigh. Youre turned sideways, watching me devour you.. cupping your balls in my hand, occasionally pausing to suckle them softly into my mouth and roll them on my tongue.. my nails digging into your ass.

Pushing you further into my mouth.. hitting the back of my throat..
I love your cock in my mouth, baby.. ..I fucking love it.

I reach down and plunge a finger into my wet lil pussy and bring it to your lips.. you suck my finger clean.. and whisper, in that gorgeous accent, that youre gonna eat my pussy until I BEG you to be inside me.

Pushing me gently down, spreading my knees, and lowering your mouth to my aching pussy.. your tongue glides up and down each side of my inner thighs.. not touching the sensitive places.. just teasing me.. its amazing.. youre amazing!

Then you cover my entire pussy with your open mouth and breathe deeply, warmly, onto it.. omg! nibbling my hard lil clit gently.. then lapping at it like a hungry naughty kitten.. parting my pussy lips with both thumbs and forefingers.. revealing pink glistening inner petals.

You begin quick, soft lil lashings with your tongue.. I struggle to maintain my composure.. struggle not to cum on your glorious tongue then and there.

You sense it and you look sternly at me, "Dont you dare cum, Mel." then your tongue is still.. softly, stationary as your entire head moves up and down my pussy.. and side to side.

I close my eyes, delirious.. overwhelmed with pleasure.. "Please fuck me!" I whisper.. you sigh deeply.. and make your way back up to face me again.. your mouth wet with my want for you.

I giggle a little and you quiet me with a deep, wet kiss.. I love the way I taste in your mouth.. you shift your weight and I feel you take hold of your throbbing cock.. and guide it to my waiting flower.

With a slow, deliberate thrust, you thrust your way inside me.. all the way to the hilt.. in one long deep thrust.. i whimper.. we begin moving together.. taking it slowly.. quietly.. your face buried in my hair.. my toes curling.. sigh.. I want you so badly.. as if we we're made for each other.

I feel you pushing deeply inside me.. then pulling back out.. almost completely.. and you feel my wet pussy hugging your cock shaft tightly.. beautifully.

I dare say Ive never wanted anyone the way I want you.. you inspire every fantasy I have now.. every erotic one of them.. I want you! 

Now quickening your pace.. breathing deeply, my fingers digging into your lower back, urging you to take me hard.. as my hips push upward meeting yours.. thrusting back at you with such precision.. again, again and again.

Were made for each other.. made to do this wildly.. to be one like this! 

You lift up on your toes for leverage and begin moving in and out a bit slower.. putting pressure on that sensitive upper wall.. so often overlooked.. my pussy instantly tightens around you.. so close to cumming.. I dig my ass into the bed beneath you, pushing my hips up a bit to give you better access to that sweet spot.

My eyes rolled into my head.. breathing heavily.. blushing softly.. you make me feel AMAZING, motherfucker!! omg.. I fear Im cumming too soon, baby (as Im using a delightful toy at the moment).. so I push your chest gently to gesture that you sit up.

I roll over onto my hands and knees.. my beautiful ass and my glistening pussy on display for you.. 

You wrap your arms around my waist.. push your cock slowly inside my soaking wet pussy.. then bury it in my tight little ass.. youre still.. just enjoying the feel of my asshole hugging your cock.

Kissing my shoulders... moving my hair from my face as I look back at you and smile.. then I begin pushing back onto you.. taking you as you remain still.. faster and faster.. wanting you to tell me just before you cum.. so that I can cum with you.

The room is permeated with the smell of our sex and the sounds of my ass slapping against your thighs.. and our ragged breath.. occasional gasps.. I bite my lip as I look back at you.. so in lust.. I arch my back and close my eyes and cum warmly all over your cock..just as you explode inside me; and i collapse on your chest; breathless. blushing.. thanking you.

