First Felatio: Master's Little Pet by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: Mg11, oral

Summary: Another entry in Chris Hailey's 'First Fellatio' franchise: Eleven-year-old Bea is very scared when she hooks up with her online Master in "real life." And she's very excited, too.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

===============



 Bea was scared. And excited. Soooo excited! But even more scared.

The man hadn't said a word since he had parked the car. He just sat there staring at her as she pulled french fries from her McDonald's bag and munched them. In fact, he hadn't said much at all since they'd left the drive-through. Maybe he was nervous, like she was. Gosh she was soooo nervous! She was sitting in a deserted parking lot with a man she'd never met before, at least not in "real life," and she knew what he wanted to do, she knew what he was planning to do, and that made her so scared! And very nervous.

She looked at him and smiled, french fries literally sticking out of her mouth--despite being so nervous, or maybe because of it, she was trying to act very silly. She didn't want the man to think she was scared of him. And besides, she's only eleven. Eleven-year-old girls are supposed to act silly, right? He always told her he liked it when she was acting silly. So she smiled at him with her mouth full of French fries.

He grinned at her, and she giggled. Then she grabbed what was left of the fries in the bag and stuffed them in her mouth, too.

"Let's go for a walk," the man said, now that she was finished with her McDonald's.

When he said that, her heart jumped a mile in the air. Then it twisted around and pirouetted into a big knot. She knew she shouldn't go for a walk with him in the woods. He could do anything he wanted, once he got her all alone out in the woods. He could beat her up and rape her. He could choke her and kill her. She'd already thought all these thoughts, when he first told her he wanted to "hook up" with her in real life. And she'd thought them all over again in the last couple of days when she was trying to decide if she really was going to go to the library, where he said he would be waiting for her. She'd thought all about the horrible things he could do to her, if he wanted to, and it made her very scared. She didn't really know him at all. She didn't even know his real name.

But she really wanted to hook up with him, anyway. Even though she was scared, she still wanted to. She knew he liked her, he told her a million times when they were chatting online, and that made her feel excited, knowing that a man likes her. A grown up man!

And she liked him, too. He seemed like a nice guy. Maybe she really did trust him, even though she knew she shouldn't? Or maybe it was the just the thrill of it all that made her excited? She did like the idea of doing something that she knew she shouldn't do, something that would make her mom and dad so mad at her. She didn't care what they thought. They didn't understand.

And maybe, also, she liked being scared a little? She'd always liked being scared, like, reading a scary book or watching a scary movie. It made her feel excited. Maybe she's one of those girls that wants to be raped? She'd heard about that. She'd read about it on the internet, girls who want to be controlled and overpowered by men. Maybe she was like that? She definitely liked how he told her to call him "Master" when they chatted online, and how he always called her "his little pet." She liked how he made her do all kinds of dirty things while the chatted. And she always did them when he told her, it made her very excited to do them. She even sent him pictures of her when he told her to. Even dirty pictures. Even now, he'd told her to wear a miniskirt when they hooked up today, and no panties underneath. And that's exactly what she did. And it made her feel very excited.

So now she was sitting in the passenger seat of his car, in a deserted parking lot at a nature reserve, her pussy bare underneath her skirt and getting very wet while her heart pounded in her chest. She knew what he wanted to do to her, when he got her alone in the woods. She knew what he was going to do. And she was terrified.

Her knees were wobbly when she got out of his car. He put a hand right on her ass as he led her to the walking path. His hand felt very big compared to her little butt, and very warm. It thrilled her to be touched by him. It was the first time he'd touched her in real life. In fact, it was the first time she'd ever been touched like this by a man, or even a boy. She felt his fingers squeeze her butt. Her breath got short.

In the woods, all alone now, he told her to stand in front of him and lift her skirt. She was so scared she could hardly move, but she did it. He took out his phone and took a picture of her, standing there with her skirt pulled up to her&#8203; waist, showing him her bare pussy. Then he told her to get down on her knees.

He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. She knew what his cock looked like. He'd sent her pictures of it. She knew it was big and thick and long. She liked the pictures he sent her, sometimes she looked at them she was playing with herself and wondered what it would be like if he put that huge thing in her. And here it was now, sticking out of his pants and pointing right at her, and when he put his hands on the back of her head and pulled her toward him, she knew what he wanted her to do. She knew what to do. She opened her mouth.

Bea had never given a blowjob in real life. She'd never even seen a cock in real life, not like this, not big and hard and grown up like this. She'd given her Master lots of blowjobs when they played online, but this was totally different. This was his real cock! It was so big that she had to open her mouth as wide as she could, and it still didn't fit. And now she tasted it, too. The taste was something she hadn't expected. It tasted musty, and sweaty. She didn't really like the taste of it, but even so, she could feel that it made her get a little wetter down underneath her skirt.

She lifted a hand and wrapped her fingers around his cock. It's true she'd never sucked a cock, or even touched one, but she'd done this so much online with him that she sort of knew what to do. His cock felt very warm in her hand, and so hard!

She started rubbing it, like he always told her to do. The man stroked her hair and whispered nice things to her while she did it. "That's a good girl," he said. "You're a good girl. You're my good little pet."

She liked hearing him say nice things to her. She liked being a good girl for him, and having him call her his "good little pet."

"You're a naughty girl," he whispered. "Look up at me, naughty girl." She raised her eyes to his face. "That's right, always look up at your Master when you suck his cock, little pet."

She looked up at him and nodded, even though his cockhead was in her mouth. She&#8203; felt her mouth start to salivate from the taste of him, and she remembered that he told her when they played online that she was suppose to use lots of spit so that his cock got really wet. So she tried to make even more spit. And right then he began to move his hips, so that his head started sliding in and out of her lips, and spit started flowing out of her mouth and down his cock and her hand started slipping along his wettening shaft.

He was moaning now, and saying all kinds of nice things to her, about how good she was, and how nice she was, and how beautiful she was. He was still petting her hair with one hand, but he reached into his pocket with his other hand and took out his phone again and started taking pictures of her with his cock in her mouth.

She was scared to have him taking pictures like this of her. She didn't want this kind of picture of her on the internet. She'd been pretty scared even back when she first sent him dirty pictures, even though he promised her he wouldn't post them on the internet. She wasn't sure she believed him, but she sent them anyway. It made her feel excited to do it.

So this time, when he said, "Look at the camera, little pet," she did what he said. He was her Master and she had to do what he said, right? Besides, she kind of liked it that he wanted pictures of her. So she looked right at the camera while he took the pictures.

He put his phone back in his pocket and he reached down. He brushed her hand away from his cock and started rubbing it himself. "Oh little pet!" he moaned. He pushed his hips forward and his cock went deeper into her mouth than it had before, and she remembered what he told her about her teeth so opened her mouth just as wide as she could and his whole head went inside her! She tasted something new now, something sweet and salty, and he was stroking his cock furiously, and moaning, "Oh my little pet! My naughty little pet!"

Then he groaned and said a naughty word, and little pet, little eleven year old Bea, suddenly felt her mouth get full of something very nasty. And she knew that her Master was cumming in her mouth.

She tried really hard to get it all, but she really couldn't. There was just so much of it! A lot spilled out, down her chin and onto her shirt. But she still had some of it in her mouth when he was done, and she knew she had to swallow it. She was scared to swallow it, it was so strange, so thick and salty, but she knew he expected her to swallow it. So she closed her mouth, and her eyes, and gulped it down.

He petted her hair as he stuffed his cock back in his pants, and said lots of nice things to her, about how good she was, and how proud he was of her. That made her feel proud, and special, and she smiled up and him as she lifted her shirt and used the bottom of it to wipe his cum off of her chin.

As he led her back to his car, he put his hand on the back of her neck. His hand felt so warm and so solid! He held her tight like this, not painful, just tight. Like he owned her. She liked that a lot.

In his car, he smiled at her and told her that he was really happy that she had done such a good job. She said she was happy, too. He put a warm hand on her knee, and leaned over and kissed her on the mouth.

"My sweet little pet," he said.

"My Master," she said back.

"Let me see that little pussy again," he said. She was a little scared when she pulled her skirt up, knowing that they were all alone in his car in a deserted parking lot. And when he said "Spread your legs open, little pet," she just knew he was going to make her have sex with him now.

But he didn't. He just started driving out of the parking lot.

She felt a little disappointed when he kissed her again as he dropped her off at the library. Sure, she was scared of having sex with him, but she was sure he was going to do it. And she was a little disappointed that he didn't even try.



Author's note: For the second part of Bea's story, see MastersLittlePet_BeaGetsCollared_Mg11-oral.txt.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
