Simon gets Corinne's help again.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Simon, Chapter 2 (MF, blackmail, cheat, cons, inc, oral, reluc, F-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Simon? Where have you been?"

The boy had tried closing the front door quietly, but winced as he heard his Mom call out. "Around the neighborhood, Mom."

His mother, Bonnie von Trocken, came around the corner, a tall and imposing brunette in her late thirties wearing slacks and a button-up shirt that strained to hold in her D-cup breasts. "You'd better not have been hanging around any kids..."

He held his hands out in a warding gesture. "No, Mom! You told me...I remember."

The woman gave him a measuring look. "Well, good. Are you hungry?"

"Yeah!"

After a ham and cheese sandwich and some chicken noodle soup, Simon pushed back from the table and winced.

His mother noticed. "What's with your hand?"

"I slipped and fell on my wrist...my happy wrist, Mom."

She sighed. "Well, can't you use your other arm?"

He looked at her hopefully. "I'm no good with that hand. I'm not ambi...ambi..."

"Ambidextrous?"

"Yeah!" he smiled. "Wait...isn't that a type of sugar?"

She got up and sat next to him, noting the bulge in his jeans. "That's dextrose. How do you remember that, but not ambidextrous?"

He shrugged. "So you'll help?"

She reached over and unzipped him to fish out his hard member. She took it in hand and started stroking. "Have you found someone else to help you with this yet? My new job will keep me out of the house during the day, remember."

"Yeah, I remember. I think maybe?" he moaned as his mother masturbated him. Mrs. Davison had said not to tell anyone what happened, but as long as he didn't mention her name, he figured it was okay.

"Maybe? And it's someone older than you, right?" Her arms moved in practiced, steady up and down motions.

"Yeah."

Bonnie felt her nipples getting hard. While she did her best to keep things clinical when she had to help her son, as he could only make himself ejaculate so many times in a day, there was still a very large, very warm cock in her hand, and her body was getting to the age where it was filling with hormones, demanding sex in order to make the most of her remaining viable eggs. She felt her mouth water as she continued masturbating her son's sizable member. "Are you getting close?" she asked him.

"Umm...not yet."

"Is there a problem?" She continued stroking.

Simon thought back to Mrs. Davison's breasts as they peeked out through her robe. "Could you...take your shirt off?"

His mother stopped moving. "Simon Beauregard von Trocken!"

He reddened. "I'm sorry, Mom! Your...um...boobs look really nice, and I think seeing them would help me get there faster."

Bonnie thought for a moment, though she did resume stroking her son. "Did your new friend show you hers? I'm assuming it's a woman."

He nodded.

She suddenly felt something wash over but couldn't identify it. Well, whatever it was, it helped make her mind up. She let go of his dick and unfastened her blouse, pausing a moment to consider the line she was crossing before she pulled the fabric from her shoulders.

Simon gasped as his mother's large, torpedo-like breasts were revealed, valiantly restrained by a satiny beige brassiere. He admired the pale flesh of her shoulders and chest, and the deep cleavage revealed between those delicious-looking knockers, and half-closed his eyes in pleasure.

Bonnie had been getting good at knowing when her son was close. She dropped her head forward and took the tip of his cock between her lips. She had learned the hard way that her boy ejaculated a LOT, and without a ready towel, her mouth was the next best thing.

"UhhhooOOHH!" Simon cried out, and Bonnie felt his hot cum roar into her mouth, burst after burst of sperm-laden semen filling it. She gulped in preparation for the rest of it, barely able to keep it all contained. She gulped again...there was so much! Finally, the last dregs dribbled out, and she gave the tip a small suck to pull those last drops out. "Uhhmmm..." Simon droned beatifically.

She gulped the rest of it down. Her son's cum was somehow always so tasty. Well, I don't need lunch now, she remarked to herself. "I'll be out on a date tonight, Simon, so you'll have to fend for yourself for dinner."

---

Corinne Davison was lying on a lounge chair in her backyard, next to the pool, her eyes closed. She had put on her 'stars & stripes' bikini, which made her feel like Wonder Woman...well, if the superhero wore a bikini, anyway. She sighed as her body absorbed the afternoon rays.

"Hi."

She sat up quickly. That boy was standing off to the side, his eyes drinking her in. Her gaze reflexively shifted down to his crotch...sure enough, he was hard again. "Simon! I told you..."

"I didn't tell anyone!" He smiled at her.

She paused. What did he mean by that?

"I was hoping you could help me again?" His eyes glanced down, drawing her own eyes back to that intriguing bulge.

Now she understood. He was saying that he wouldn't tell anyone if she did as he wanted. Blackmail! Why, oh why had she spanked him?

"Then you'll go away?" she asked.

He cocked his head to the side. "Yeah, sure."

She picked up her phone and checked the time. "Oh, my husband will be home soon..."

Then it buzzed...she swiped and read: *Hey babe going out w guys from work. C u late (kiss emoji)*.

"Oh...okay, I guess we do have time then." She wasn't worried about neighbors seeing the two of them together, as her backyard was surrounded by high fences and a tree line.

"Cool!" Simon unzipped his jeans and his dong sprang out. Corinne took a quick breath...the size of his member was always so surprising compared to the rest of his skinny 5'9" self. She turned, putting her feet down onto the patio tile, took his length into her grip, and started to stroke.

"That feels really good, Mrs. Davison."

She felt a strange sense of pride that she was making this young man, 12 years her junior, feel good, and moved her hand a little faster up and down his shaft.

"Can I see your boobs again, Mrs. Davison?"

She slowed her stroking. "I don't know..."

"Please? I'll cum quicker, and then I'll go."

She wanted this to be over so she let go, unfastened her bikini top, and let it fall to the patio tiles. Simon gazed at her C-cup breasts in wonder and she blushed. His cock was right in front of her face...all she had to do was open her mouth and slide it in...

She shook her head and took a hold of his stiffy again. Now that her breasts were out in the open, she could feel her nipples crinkling up in the breeze that had picked up as the sun began to lower in the West. Noticing that Simon's eyes were now entirely focused on her rack as she masturbated him, she surreptitiously moved her other hand down inside her bikini bottoms to rub her clit and pussy lips. She found that she was actually very wet down there, and her clit was already out of its hood. She took it between her thumb and forefinger as she pushed her middle finger between her pussy lips. She kept her mouth shut, not wanting to make any sounds that would let Simon know what she was doing.

As she got close to cumming on her own fingers, Simon grunted, "Uhuhh! OHH!" and his first blast of cum splashed across her breasts.

The sensation of the hot, forbidden liquid hitting her hard nipples set her own orgasm off. "Mmh! HHGH!" The hand that was stroking Simon went wild, and his next blast hit her right in the eyes. Blinded, she let go of his shooting cock and felt his next blast hit her low, just above her bikini bottoms. Another hit the hand that was between her legs, and she was still cumming. "Ohh! Uhuhhuhh!" She let go of Simon's cock and fell back onto her lounge chair as she thrust her fingers inside her, wringing the most of that extended orgasm from her vagina, not realizing that she was pushing some of his sperm-filled semen inside her as she did so.

*Click!*

She quickly moved her hands up to wipe at her eyes. "Simon? Did you just take a picture of me? Fuck, this shit burns..." She wiped furiously, and finally blinked through the discomfort to see the fence door swing closed. The boy had left, as he said he would.

But now he had a picture of her, topless and covered in his cum! That was so much worse than his word against hers about the spanking! Frowning, Corinne went back into the house for another shower.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)