Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Daughters Chapter Seven: Enjoying the Reverend's Naughty Wife
Summary: A reverend's wife gets naughty in church
Keyword: MF FF mc inc oral anal a2m wife cheat cuck exhib voy public

Derrick Carpenter

Mr. Carpenter's about to show up for a meeting with you. You're going to agree to everything he says.

That was the comment that Chaz typed on the official Instagram Post for Hot Adult Times Videos owned by a Mr. Greg Rosenburg. Of course, I was Chaz. My alter-ego on Instagram controlled people. Not my normal profile. That one didn't work. I had done a few... discrete experiments.

It was just Chaz that was special, and I had no idea why. But I was beyond caring. I just enjoyed the power that it gave me. The ability to right wrongs and punish the wicked. And to fuck my four daughters with my wife's consent.

I climbed out of my car. I was at the small warehouse that housed Hot Adult Times Videos. It was a large lot that rented commercial spaces to many different businesses. There was a wine-making business, custom glassware, and porn all by each other.

I strode to the door, dressed in business casual. Khakis and a polo. I had my leather-bound briefcase in my left hand. It was a nice day. I opened the door to Hot Adult Time Videos, eager to right another wrong. This was the studio that had lured my oldest daughter into porn and distributed her videos.

That had to stop.

Inside was a small reception area. It looked like any other office, but the walls were covered in beautiful, naked women in various smiling poses. Often, there was a greasy, short man with hairy arms holding them to him, a lecherous grin on his face. 

A mousy girl who didn't look up to the porn standards, looked up from the computer. She was clicking on it, working, but her gaze drove to me. She had half her hair dyed purple and the other half orange for a garish combination that made me grimace.

I'm here to see Mr. Rosenburg, I said. Tell him it's Derrick Carpenter.

Sure, sure, she said and typed something on her screen. A moment later, I heard a ding like from a chat. Just go on in! She thumbed to a door behind her desk.

I walked past her desk, noticing she was editing a porn movie. She was deciding on shots or something, her attention focused on it. Frozen on the screen was a still of a woman with big tits that were in the middle of heaving as she was fucked from behind. 

I opened the door to Mr. Rosenburg's office. 

It had even more pictures of naked women in far more explicit poses. Bent over showing off their pussies, some even pulling apart their labia to show their pink depths. Others were women dripping in cum with smiles on their jizz-smeared lips. Often, there were two naked women kissing and groping each other. One was even of a blonde smiling as a Black woman went down on her.

Mr. Carpenter, the greasy man from the pictures outside said. He rose from behind his desk, wearing a white leisure suit with the sleeves rolled up. He had his shirt half-unbuttoned to show off his hairy chest draped in gold chains. So glad that you could make it. Like my collection. All my favorite girls that came in here. 

He pointed to one woman dripping in cum and smiling.

Daphne Delicious, he said. Mmm, that's my jizz on her. She made a fortune on barely legal stuff. Now she's aged up to the MILF stuff. She's been having a blast. Got a few good years left in her, and the tit job she's got now. Damn, I love sliding my cock through it.

I'm here to discuss my daughter, Ann-Katherine Carpenter, I said. She stared in a few of your... movies.

Oh, yes, just love new fresh faces, he said. She looked so adorable the first time she took a load on her... The creep trailed off. Well, what do you want to talk about your daughter? I thought this was a business meeting. That you were looking to invest?

Oh, I am, I said. But first, you're going to remove all her videos from the internet and stop selling any DVDs or Blu-rays or whatever that have any of her scenes in them. File any DMCA claims you need to get her stuff taken off pirate sites or get me the owners' Social Media info, and I'll get them to take it down.

Of course, he said, nodding. That's more than reasonable. I have a daughter. I wouldn't want her pussy dripping in cum all across the internet. He typed something on his computer. Okay, I got Chase on it. They're my assistant.

The girl out there? I asked.

He rolled his eyes. Don't call her a girl. She'll flip out. She's 'non-binary' though she looks like a chick and uses the lady's room. But I don't need a lawsuit. She's a good editor, though, so I put up with her nonsense.

Well, now for the business part, I said. I'm not here to invest but to buy it. I opened up the briefcase and pulled out a group of papers. I tossed them on the desk. Here is a contract to sell me the company. You'll stay on as the operating manager for a salary of 100k a year. I know you'll be happy to do it. You'll work hard for me, right? Chaz said you would.

Absolutely, he said. I'm thrilled to sell you my company for... He glanced down. A dollar.
Oh, right. I pulled out my wallet. Huh, only got a five. You have change?

Sure.

I handed over a five, he gave me back four ones. We both signed on the dotted lines and initialed in a bunch of spots. My lawyer had all of it marked with these florescent sticky arrows. He was such a good guy. Chaz hooked him up with his daughter, so he made the contract up for me for free.
I loved my powers.

Okay, said Mr. Rosenburg, you are now the proud owner of Hot Adult Time Videos.

Thanks, I said. Now, I have a woman coming by this afternoon, a college professor, Margret Reyns. She's very eager to star in gangbang videos. She'll supply her own college students to fuck her, but we need this professionally produced. I think it's going to be a real hit.

Sounds like it, Rosenburg said. I'll get my crew in and we'll get it filmed. I have some great sets backstage.

I was in a good mood as I rose from the chair. I still earned a salary at a job I know longer did any work for, and now I would have another source of passive income. Making porn. It was the perfect place to funnel naughty women.

I had an itch in my cock as I left the office. Maybe I would fuck Janet Kitchens, the neighborhood's free-use slut. I was looking forward for her husband's remarriage to his sister. I wondered if they would bring Janet to the reception so their guests could have some free pussy to enjoy.

After all, a good wedding had free drinks and entertainment. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Karin Carpenter

I was so relieved that all the porn videos of Ann-Katherine had been taken down. They weren't up on PornHub nor where the DVDs and Blu-rays for sale anywhere on the internet. It was strange knowing that we owned a porn company. 

It was Sunday, and that meant our weekly visit to church. The girls all found excuses to get out of it. Ann had to study, the twins weren't feeling well, and Bell just sucked her daddy's cock until he let her skip it.

The youngest really knew how to manipulate my husband.

It was so delicious coming to church with a man as powerful as my husband. He could expose all the hypocrisy in the world. Like he had with Janet Kitchens. Exposed her for the cheating slut that she was. I knew a few other good women that had stepped out on their husbands.

Or I had suspected they had.

I wore a cute, white dress with pink flowers on it that fit me snugly in the waist. It had a modest neckline, of course. This was church, but it also did fit tightly to show off the big boobs my husband had given me. I loved my fake tits. He was such a good man.

As we headed in, Talia Reynolds, the preacher's wife, smiled at us. Oh, it's good to see you.

Sorry we missed a few, I said. Life.

And your girls? asked Talia as I hugged her.

Oh, you know, they're all budding adults now, I said as I broke the hug with her. Spreading their wings and into trying to be all  independent.

She giggled. Mmm, I know. She glanced at my husband. How're things going at your job, Derrick?

His eyes fell on her in her pastel-blue dress. My husband smiled a bit. Talia had lovely, red hair and a nice set of natural tits. Her dress was as modest as mine and yet fit as tightly in the bust. Her skirt fell to her ankles covered in white nylons that went well with her white heels. 

Working from home, he said, his eyes definitely drinking in her. Did he fancy her? Was he thinking about using Chaz to have his way with her? Or would he chicken out? 

A rush of heat washed through me.

Oh, is he underfoot all day? Talia asked. My husband can be like that. He works in his home office, but he often putters out of his office looking for snacks.

Oh, it's nice having him around, I said. Mmm, his noon breaks make my afternoons such a delight.

Talia smiled. I see, I see. Mmm, nooners can be nice.

I nodded to her as my husband led us up. Do you want to fuck her?
My husband shot me a shocked look. What? I mean... Is this a trap?

It's okay if you want to fuck her, I purred. She's a gorgeous MILF. That red hair of hers is very sexy. She's got lips that just were meant for sucking on certain things.

Jes...ez, she's the preacher's wife. She's a married woman. A good wife. I'm not going to use Chaz to mess with her like that. Chaz is there to correct problems and punish the wicked.

Is she a good and faithful wife? I casually asked.

My husband snapped a sharp gaze at me, his brow tightening. What do you know?

I shrugged, a mysterious smile gracing my lips. I loved the confusion on his. He glanced back at Talia then at me. I hummed, wondering how this would play out. My husband had such a delicious power with Chaz. It deserved to be used. 

Was I turning into a complete pervert? Was it so wrong if I was?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

I sank down into the pew, my wife beside me, my mind racing. Karin wasn't telling me. I could just comment with Chaz to get her to open up, but I really didn't like using Chaz on my wife and daughter. I had messed with them enough.

I had made them into the perfect family. A perverted one, but I hadn't meant to go that far. I was just weak. But there was always another way to check. It hit me as I sweated on the pew beside my wife during the opening prayer.

Reverend Reynolds was up there, wearing his black suit with his starched collar. A man of the cloth. He was a good man, and I would hate to think that his wife had... cheated on him. I swallowed, my heart beating fast.

I found Talia's Instagram account. She had a post about the flowers she had arranged for the church. It gives me such joy to brighten up my husband's church.

I swallowed. Nothing would happen. Karin was just fucking with me. I started typing Chaz's comment on the post. If you've ever cheated on your husband, stand, take off your panties, and give them to Derrick Carpenter. Do whatever he wants to you if you have cheated because women who betray their husbands always have to listen to Derrick Carpenter. It's okay to fuck him or anyone he wants you to fuck. No one will judge you.

I tapped the post button.

Immediately, a woman I didn't know commented beneath mine, Amen, Chaz. You're a good man spreading such good truths.

Those sorts of replies were very common whenever Chaz posted. Everyone agreed with him, often calling him Good Guy Chaz. I looked up to see Talia standing. My jaw dropped as she slid up her pastel-blue skirt.

No way, I whispered.

My wife looked up. Hmm? She glanced at Talia. Oh, my, what is she doing? Is she pulling off her panties? My, my, she's cheated on the reverend before. That's just awful.

When? I demanded as I watched Talia reach beneath her skirt and start to work down her panties. She must be wearing thigh-highs if she was able to get those off without taking off her stockings.

She slipped up a few years ago, said Karin. When she and her husband were having problems. She was vulnerable and an old boyfriend reached out to her. She regretted it at once.

I swallowed and stared at my wife. Our marriage wasn't perfect. None was. There were hard days. Had my wife ever... My stomach squirmed just thinking that. I didn't want to know. I realized that right away. I did not want to know if my wife had... Nope. Not at all. There were things I didn't want to know. Karin wouldn't cheat on me. She was a good wife. She wouldn't make that mistake.

Talia moved down the aisle to our row. My cock was so hard as she handed me her white panties. I squeezed down on them, my cock so hard. My wife pulled out her phone and sent a quick message. I wondered what that was about.

She closed her phone and winked at me.z

Do you... want me to do something? Talia asked. 

Okay, what a blessed day it is, her husband said as he finished

 the opening prayer. I'm so glad you're all her today. We're gonna have some fine music from our band.

Does your husband know you cheated on him? I asked Talia, gripping her panties.

She swallowed and nodded. 

He'll know again, I said. I couldn't believe the preacher's wife had cheated on him. Karin had this smug look on her face. She enjoyed that I learned this about the reverend's wife. Karin was no doubt as offended as I felt.

That she shouldn't have made this mistake, but she did. I felt any restraint lapse. I had satisfied my conscious, my dick so hard. She was a beautiful woman. Everyone should see how great her body looked. 

Strip, I ordered her. 

Her cheeks blushed as she nodded. She straightened as the band began playing a hymn, the electric guitar strumming and the tambourine shaking. Talia turned around so my wife could unzip the back of her dress. My wife drew it down, revealing creamy skin and a white band.

The preacher's wife was my little toy to enjoy. I wouldn't make her into a free-use whore like Janet Kitchens. Talia had confessed and regretted it. She wasn't in the midst of her tawdry affair while claiming to be perfect.

That would be the line I drew. 

She pulled off her dress, drawing notice. Her husband looked back at her, but no one stopped her. Good Guy Chaz's work. They all understood what it meant. The knew she had cheated on her husband, though if my wife knew it probably was an open secret amid all the wives.

The dress dropped off Talia's body, exposing her supple back curving down to her naked ass. Her fiery bush peeked out between her thighs. She was in great shape. Reverend Reynolds preached that Christians should take care of their bodies. Stay fit.

It was a holy temple, after all.

Talia turned around as she undid her bra. She slipped that off and exposed her big breast. They were soft and all natural. They swayed back and forth. I smiled at the sight of them. A knew delight for me to play with.

My wife had such a wicked smile on her lips. She was so into this. Was it the power? Or had I turned her into a bisexual slut that craved sharing women with me? I didn't know, but I also didn't care. Talia was delicious. Fat nipples made to suckle on, plump lips I wanted wrapped around my cock.

I cupped her breasts and pulled her down, bringing a nipple to my mouth. She braced herself on my shoulders as she bent over, her ass thrusting out over the next pew. I suckled on her nipple as the hymnal played.

This was power. No one had this but me. If I wanted to, the things I could do. My dick throbbed with ideas while I loved that nipple in my mouth. I squeezed those lush mounds. I kneaded them, enjoying how they felt in my hands.

Derrick, the reverend's wife moaned just loud enough for me to hear over the music.

Mmm, you like that, cheating slut? my wife asked.

Thalia nodded.

God, this was perfect. I kneaded her tits. They felt delicious. Just wonderful. I was so glad to play with them like this. I kneaded them, enjoying having them filling up my hands. I squeezed them, reveling in this hot delight.
I was so hard. My dick ach
ed. I needed more than just playing with her nipples. I needed her to satiate me. Right here, right now. I popped my mouth off her nipple and grinned up at her. She stared down at me, her eyes expectant.

Blow me, I growled.

Mmm, okay, Derrick, she said and sank to her knees. She knelt before me, her big boobs swaying back and forth. She unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. A look of shock rippled across her face. She glanced at my wife.

Yep. My wife had a big grin.

So I was bigger than the reverend, huh? Nice. I would be reaming his wife out soon. 

Mrs. Talia Reynolds opened her mouth wide. I groaned as the reverend's wife's hot lips slid over the crown of my cock and sealed around my dick. She gripped me with that hot mouth off her. I groaned as she nursed on me. She suckled with such passion. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight at how great she felt.

Her tongue stroked around my dick. I loved how she suckled on me. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. She moaned around my cock, her red hair swaying. The band finished their first song while I savored getting blown by the reverend's wife.

She cuckolded him in the middle of the church thanks to this Instagram profile. My dick throbbed in her mouth as I glanced to the reverend. He was sitting up front, enjoying the music while I enjoyed his wife's mouth. She swirled her tongue around my dick.

It was a fabulous moment. She was making church into a such an exciting place. I loved how hard she suckled on me. I savored the way she suckled on me with that hot mouth of hers. I groaned, the pressure building and building in my nuts. I would have such a huge eruption of cum.

Just pump her mouth full of all my spunk. It would be amazing. I groaned, savoring the strength of her passion. She created such powerful suction as she worked to make me erupt. I loved every last second of it.

This was a treat.

A real delight to enjoy.

I smiled as she kept loving me. She suckled with all her might on me. That was such a passionate moment. I groaned, savoring the heat of her mouth. The passion of her suckling. She drove me wild. It was spectacular to have her blowing me.

Damn, I groaned. 

No swearing in church, my wife said. No matter how amazing the reverend's wife is at sucking your big dick.

Amazing, I groaned as Talia bobbed her head. She suckled hard on me. My hand slid through her red hair as I enjoyed this wonderful delight. Damn.

I didn't care if I swore in church. Not with that hot mouth suckling on me. It was the perfect moment to enjoy. It was just a fantastic rush. I loved every last second of this hot mouth sucking on my dick. The pressure rose and rose toward that big burst of pleasure.

I would have a mighty orgasm. Just shower her mouth full of my cum. I groaned as she brought me closer and closer to erupting with that naughty mouth off hers. I couldn't hold much back. I was so ready to burst. Just so ready to explode and flood her mouth with all that cum. It would be a fantastic delight.

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled so hard on me. She worked her mouth up and down me with such lust. I loved it. I loved every last second of it. I shuddered, hurtling toward that moment of erupting. That moment of climaxing.

Goddamn, I groaned. Get ready!

Swallow every drop, my wife said. Such a naughty, naughty reverend's wife!

Amen, I growled and erupted.

My cum flooded that naughty wife's mouth. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her. The pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned with the music as the reverend's wife swallowed my cum.

I gripped a fistful of her red hair. I held her tight as I pumped more and more of my cum into her mouth. It was such a spectacular rush. I savored every last second of it. This was the joy a man needed to feel. 

Yes, I groaned, staring up at the heavens. Thank God for Chaz!

I erupted one last time as I heard footsteps rushing up the aisle. I turned my head, the reverend's wife sucking at my dick to work out every drop, to witness my daughter Bell rushing up. My youngest looked in a hurry, wearing a pink dress, her dyed-purple hair flowing behind her.
My wife's text.


Daddy, Bell said and smiled. Ooh, Mrs. Reynolds is a cheating wife. That's so naughty.

I thought Bell would benefit from church since she didn't have a real excuse to not go, Karin said, giving our youngest daughter, who was barely eighteen, a hard look.

Bell giggled. Daddy said I didn't have to, but if this is what church is like! She sat down between me and her mother, wiggling into place. I need to come more often.

It will be like this, I said, still being suckled on by the reverend's wife. Bend that ass over the pew. I want to fuck your ass. You're a cheating slut-wife, I bet you've done it up the ass.

Talia slid her mouth off and gasped, I only cheated once. I've been with two men in my life. Well, three, I suppose. I've never done anal.

Won't be able to say that for much longer, Bell said. Fuck her up the ass, Daddy!

My wife nodded and winked at me. She was such a wicked thing. 

My cock throbbed with excitement, though. I was so hard. So ready to do just that. I wanted to fuck this naughty wife up the ass. Talia was already turning, her plump rump facing me. She bent over, her red bush dripping with her excitement now.

I rose, my cock thrusting out of my gray slacks. I pressed it into her butt-crack as the reverend took the stage again. It was time for communion. I slid my cock down Talia's crevice and found her anal ring. Her puckered hole was so ready for me to enter.

And Christ said, this is my body, said the reverend as I drilled against his wife's asshole. Whoever shall eat of me shall have eternal life.

And cheating wives get my husband's big dick in their ass, Karin said. That should be in the bible somewhere, too.

Amen, I groaned as I pushed and pushed on the hot wife's resisting asshole. She moaned as her anal ring widened and widened. Then she gasped as her sphincter popped open.

My dick sank into her bowels. I groaned at the wonderful heat of her asshole devouring my cock. I took the reverend's wife's anal cherry in the middle of church. This was a fantastic delight. I loved every inch my cock sank into her asshole. I pushed deeper and deeper into her.

Oh, oh oh, the reverend's wife moaned. She squeezed her bowels down around my cock, her head lowered between the couple sitting in the next row before us. Your cock, Derrick. Oh, wow, your cock is stretching me out. I can't believe it!

And it feels good, doesn't it, slut? asked my daughter.

Yes, whimpered the reverend's wife.

I loved the grip she had on my dick when I drew back. It was a fantastic one. I pulled back and back, reveling in that tight hod on my dick. It was perfect. Just what I wanted. Needed. I groaned through my clenched teeth as I enjoyed every inch of this asshole around my dick.

I slammed forward, burying my cock to the hilt in her anal sheath. I loved the way her bowels gripped me. She held me tight. She gripped me with that wonderful embrace. I loved every second of fucking away at her bowels. I pounded her anal sheath.

Her butt-cheeks rippled. Her red hair tossed as she trembled beneath my hard thrusts. I buggered the reverend's wife with my big dick and loved every last second of her anal sheath squeezing down on me. The friction was outstanding.

This was a perfect delight to enjoy. I reveled in it as I fucked to the hilt in her bowels again and again. I hammered her anal sheath, loving the feel of her tight bowels squeezing around me. I groaned, thrusting deep and hard into her bowels again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned.

Go, Dad, my daughter cooed as the communion plates were being passed around. 

Talia grabbed her piece of unleavened bread from the tray as it went by and ate it even as I drilled in and out of her asshole. I fucked her bowels hard, savoring that wonderful anal sheath gripping my dick. Was this a sin?

Then why did God let me have this power?

I grinned at that thought, my hands sliding up to grip the hot wife's breasts. I squeezed those big, lush mounds. Those were motherly tits. A MILF's soft boobs. I loved them in my hand as I fucked her asshole hard and fast.

The pressure in my nuts grew with each thrust into her bowels. She had such a tight asshole. Just a fantastic anal sheath. She squeezed around me, massaging me with that delicious sheath. I groaned, pumping away hard at her.

Oh, yes, she moaned. I can't believe how good this is! I can't! Ooh, ooh, that's so good! Oh, that's just wondrous!

Yes, it is, I groaned, squeezing her tits. I kneaded those lush boobs as I buried to the hilt in her bowels. My nuts slapped into her taint. I groaned as she squeezed her bowels down around me. She held me tight with my every thrust into her anal sheath. Damn!

The pressure in my balls swelled and swelled toward that bursting point. The reverend's wife had such a tight ass. A fantastic ass to fuck. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels. She squeezed down on me, driving me wild with that tight grip.

It was perfect to enjoy. I thrust into her again and again. It was a fantastic rush to bury my cock into her anal depths over and over again. She arched her back as she enjoyed what I did. She loved it so much as her husband started the second part of communion.

Amen! his wife moaned as her husband finished his prayer. This cock. This amazing cock! Yes, yes! Derrick!

Are you going to cum like a slutty wife on my daddy's big dick? Bell cooed.

I am! gasped the reverend's wife. Yes!

I buried into her as her asshole convulsed around my dick. She spasmed, going wild around my cock as she climaxed. It felt amazing having her bowels spasming around my dick. I groaned at the pressure building at the tip.

She gasped and moaned as I fucked into her bowels again and again, her writhing flesh bringing me closer and closer to cumming. It was just a wonderful heat. I loved this so much. I groaned and buried to the hilt in her asshole.

Shit! I groaned and erupted.

I pumped my cum into her asshole. I flooded her bowels with blast after blast of my cum. I filled her up with such bliss. It was a fantastic rush to fill her up. Her asshole spasmed around me, working out my cum.

Goddamn, yes! I growled as erupted into her anal sheath. 

Derrick, the naughty wife moaned as her anal sheath suckled out my cum. It was a hot thrill to feel her bowels spasming around my dick. It was a fantastic rush. Oh, Derrick, that's so good!

I groaned with each eruption of cum into her bowels. I loved that amazing heat. It was fantastic to have all this bliss sweeping through me. I groaned with each blast of cum. I filled her bowels up with my cum, grunting with each blast of jizz. 

She milked me dry with that hot asshole of hers. Her flesh writhed around me. It felt fantastic to have her nursing at me. I squeezed her boobs as my dick erupted that final time into her. I basted her bowels with my cum.

Yes, she moaned and grabbed herself a little cup of grape juice. She downed that. Oh, that's wonderful.

Yes, it is, said Bell. But now I have to clean my daddy's dick of your asshole.

I glanced at my daughter and saw the hungry gleam in her eyes. I needed that, too. You ever gone down on a woman, Talia?

No, she gasped as I pulled out of her. I would never do that.

Go down on my wife. I know she's got a wet pussy.

Okay, Talia said as my dick popped out of her backdoor. Whatever you say, Derrick.

Talia swallowed as she turned around. I smiled as she dropped to her knees before my wife and pushed up her skirt. My wife winked at me. She didn't wear any panties to church, did she? Karin was hoping something would happen.

I sank down on the pew and watched as Talia's head vanished between my wife's thighs and nuzzled into her pussy. My wife groaned in delight. She shuddered as she enjoyed having her pussy eaten out by the reverend's wife.

Bell slipped off the pew and licked at my dirty dick. She stroked her tongue up from the base to the tip. She flicked her tongue across the crown. I groaned at how great that felt. A wave of heat rushed through me at her stroking touch.

Mmm, Daddy, I'll get you nice and clean so you can enjoy Mrs. Reynolds's pussy, Bell said.
Such a good daughter, Karin groaned. And Talia, really get that tongue in me. Lick me. Yes, yes, you're going to be drinking my pussy cream. Mmm, you love that taste, don't you? I can tell. You don't have to be shy.

Listen to my wife, I groaned as my daughter licked at my dick again.

Um, your pussy is... better than I thought. I mean... I guess it's... kinda good.

My wife grinned from ear to ear as she leaned back and enjoyed having her pussy licked by the reverend's wife. I bet she was having just such a good time. It sure sounded like she was. I was glad for her. My dick felt amazing as my daughter licked the tip.

With a purr of delight, Bell swallowed my dirty dick. She suckled me clean with hunger. I groaned as my cock throbbed in my daughter's sweet mouth. I was in heaven as Bell loved me. I slid my hand through her purple hair as the band started playing again.

I gripped a fistful of her hair, loving every last second of her sucking on me. She blew me with passion. She knew what she was doing. I loved it so much. I savored that hot mouth working up and down my cock.. She nursed on me with hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Damn, just like that. Keep sucking!

She moaned around my cock. she nursed on me with such hunger. I groaned as she suckled with such passion on me. She bobbed her head, nursing on me with her sweet love. It was amazing to feel how much my youngest cared for me.

Bell's affection was just so delicious. She bobbed her head with passion, working her mouth up and down my cock. Her tongue danced and swirled, giving me dick all the pleasure I could want I enjoyed every last moment of it.

And so did my wife. She enjoyed receiving head from the preacher's wife. Fuck, Talia.

Language in church, I told my wife.

I'm getting my pussy eaten out by the reverend's wife, Karin moaned, her blonde hair swaying around her face. I can say a naughty word or three because... Fuck, she has her tongue wiggling around in my pussy. She's great.

I took my wife's hand and squeezed it. She clutched back as we both enjoyed our treats. Bell suckled so hard on my cock. She nursed one with that delicious mouth. She suckled on me with all that she had. I loved how wonderful it felt. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my cock.

Bell swirled her tongue around my dick. She nursed on me in such a delicious sway. It was a rush to have her doing that. My nuts tightened again. I knew I would flood my daughter's mouth with all the cum that she could crave.

My wife squeezed and relaxed her grip on my hand. She squirmed in her seat. Her other hand grabbed the back of the reverend's wife's head through the skirt. My wife pushed Talia tight against that delicious pussy. The reverend's wife moaned, wiggling her naked ass back and forth.

She must be dripping with pussy cream.

Don't hesitate to drown her, I told my wife. When she's riding my dick, I am going to kiss her. I want to taste you on her.

That's sweet, purred my wife. Mmm, and fill our daughter's mouth up with all your cum so she can kiss me and share it with me.

I leaned over and kissed my wife. I meant it as a quick peck, but her lips were hot. I thrust my tongue into her pussy as the band stopped playing. It was time for the reverend to begin his sermon. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in my daughter's mouth.

I was so glad Chaz had commented that no one cared if I fucked my daughters.

Bell brought me closer and closer to cumming. My wife squeezed down hard on my hand. She broke the kiss and arched her back, her big boobs pressing against her white bodice, just aching to bust out. 

That's it, Talia, my wife moaned. Oh, you're going to drown in pussy cream.

Yes, Talia moaned. 

My wife clenched down on my hand and bucked through her orgasm. She tossed her head as she climaxed on the reverend's wife. That was such a hot sight to watch. I loved it. My dick throbbed. I hurtled closer and closer to erupting.

My cock throbbed and pulsed as my wife drowned the reverend's wife. My daughter suckled hard on my dick. Bell worked her mouth up and down my cock. She danced her tongue around the tip of my dick. I swelled toward that eruption.

Yes, I groaned and pumped my cum into my daughter's cunt.

Bell gulped down my jizz, her blue eyes squeezing shut. She swallowed down all that wonderful jizz that fired out of my cock. I basted her mouth. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. It was an awesome moment. 

She swallowed it all while my wife shuddered beside me. Karin squeezed down hard on my hand. She held me tight as she quivered through her passion. She was having such a good climax, wasn't she? I loved it.

Damn, I groaned, spurting that last time.

Mmm, my wife purred. Ooh, that was good. And, Bell, do you have a treat for me?

My daughter slid her mouth off my cock and nodded, her cheeks bulging. She had drool and some of my cum dripping down her chin. She sidled past Talia. The reverend's wife emerged from beneath my wife's skirt and stared at my throbbing cock.

Without a word, Talia climbed onto my lap as my daughter straddled my wife's. They met in a kiss, Bell thrusting her tongue coated in my jizz into her mother's mouth. Karin groaned as she shared that delight with Bell.

Talia straddled me and grabbed my cock. She pressed me up into her red bush. Her husband gave his sermon behind her as she rubbed the crown of my clean cock into the curls of her bush. Pussy cream dripped down her chin.

You said you wanted to taste your wife's pussy on my lips as I rode you, Talia moaned and impaled her cunt down my cock.

Yes, I groaned as she sank down my dick. Goddamn, you have a tight pussy.

Because you're huge, Derrick, she said and kissed me.

I groaned, her lips hot and plump and smeared in my wife's tart pussy. I groaned at that wonderful flavor. I grabbed Talia's rump. I squeezed the reverend's wife as her pussy gripped my dick. She held me tight as she slid her cunt up my cock. 

I loved her doing that. I savored her pussy sliding up my dick. She felt fantastic gripping me like that. Just an outstanding delight to have her cunt holding me tight like that. I groaned into her lips, loving the feel of her mouth on mine. 

Mmm, she's really riding Daddy's cock, Bell cooed.

She's finally feeling a real dick in her, my wife purred. 

Lucky her.

Talia moaned into my lips as she kissed me hard. My tongue thrust into her mouth. I danced it around, my fingers squeezing down on her butt-cheeks. Her hips wiggled from side to side. She stirred around me with that hot snatch. It was a fantastic delight to have her silky cunt massaging me.

She rode me with at delightful twat. I was in heaven feeling her married pussy massaging me. She squeezed her snatch around my big cock. I loved every last second of her riding me. It was an amazing rush to have her gripping me like that.

Damn, I groaned as she rode me. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good!

It is, she moaned, staring into my eyes. Oh, you feel so amazing in me! I've never felt this good. Oh, oh, yes!

She squeezed her pussy down around my cock as she rode me. She gripped me with that hot pussy, driving me wild. My wife and daughter watched me enjoying the reverend's wife. It was a fantastic delight to have her pussy working up and down my cock. I shuddered, hurtling toward that moment when I would just flood her twat.

She squeezed her cunt down on me. As she slid up me, massaging me with her silky flesh. She moaned, her face twisting in delight. Her boobs rubbed at my chest through my dress shirt. I felt her hard nipples.

This cock, she moaned. Oh, Lord, thank you for bringing Derrick to our church!

Amen, I groaned, so glad that I had this power. What if God gave it to me?

I didn't have any better explanations.

I savored that delight. It was a beautiful moment to have her cunt working up and down me. She held me tight with that delicious pussy. I enjoyed every last moment of this pleasure. It was the perfect passion to enjoy.

The reverend's wife rode me faster and faster. My fingers dug into her rump. My daughter had such a big grin on her face as she watched the reverend's wife loving my cock. I savored every last moment of this thrill.

Damn, I groaned.
Yes, yes, yes, Talia whimpered.

Show God how much you love my husband's cock by cumming on him, Karin said.

Yes! The reverend's wife impaled her cunt down my cock and gasped, Amen!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick.

I groaned, squeezing her butt-cheeks. I kneaded her rump. I gripped her ass, loving the feel of her twat spasming around me. She suckled at me with that amazing pussy. I loved every last second of her nursing on me. I groaned as the pleasure swept through me. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring hat hot cunt rippling around me. She suckled with such passion. Talia! Beg me to cum in you!

Cum in me, Derrick! she moaned, her married twat suckling at me.

Such a slut wife, Bell said. Wanting another man to cum in you!

I am! gasped the reverend's wife as her pussy rippled around me. 

That hot snatch suckled at me. I groaned as the pressure burst at the tip of my cock. My cum spurted into her cunt. It was fantastic to have all that pleasure surging through me. I loved it so much. I grunted, my fingers digging into her rump.

She rubbed her big boobs into my chest. I felt them through my dress shirt as I pumped load after load of cum into her snatch. I loved how great she felt. She had an awesome twat. Just a fantastic cunt that milked my dick.

I basted her twat with blast after blast of my cum. I enjoyed every last second of spilling in her. It was an incredible delight. I groaned as she convulsed around my cock. She nursed at me with such a delicious twat.

Damn, damn, damn, I groaned.

Oh, Derrick, she moaned and kissed me, her husband's sermon filling the church.

I felt so good thanks to my power. It was a fantastic one. I enjoyed her pussy. I made sure to tell the reverend that after service was over. I shook his hand, looked him in the eye, and said, Your wife has one tight twat.

Glad you enjoyed it, he said. She has her sins, but none of us are perfect.

Her pussy was, I said and chuckled. Damn, I loved this power. 

To be continued...

