Iruka slammed his door shut, grateful to finally be out of the hospital and away from Tsunade’s anger and the well-meaning visitors.

And now that he was home…

“I think we should order out.” Kakashi kicked off his sandals and nudged them into a semblance of order. “I doubt that anything that you—”

He was promptly cut off by Iruka launching himself at him and kissing him hard.

“You’re…a fuckin’…tease!” Iruka snarled out between sharp mashing of their mouths. “You…keep...starting things…and never…following through!”

Kakashi pinned Iruka to the wall near the door. “Not…my fault…that hag was always there.” He bit Iruka’s lower lip, stopping just before he drew blood.

“You…could have not groped me…at every possible chance!” Iruka threw his leg over Kakashi hip and urgently pressed forwards. He groaned when Kakashi rolled his groin into Iruka’s roughly.

“Can’t help it…” The jounin grunted, moving his mouth to the newly healed throat in front of him and threw his gloves into a corner somewhere. “Too hot to resist…” He grabbed Iruka’s ass and lifted him up so Iruka could wrap both legs around him.

Iruka clawed Kakashi’s shirt and vest off, hands having waited too long for the expanse of skin. Kakashi kissed him sloppily when he pinched the pale man’s nipple. “You’re just horny!”

“And…you’re not.” Kakashi agreed as he started working his hands into Iruka’s pants. “Completely…in control of…yourself.” He sucked demandingly at the neck in front of him, leaving another red mark. “Which is why…you initiate half…of these things.”

Iruka let out a low cry when Kakashi’s long finger began to trace his entrance. He dug his fingers into the strong shoulders holding him up. “Get my pants off…now!”

“Hope you have some lube,” the jounin mumbled as he forced the chunin’s legs up as he yanked the pants off only far enough so he had complete access, not having the patience to pull them off entirely, causing Iruka’s legs to be forced from their spot on Kakashi’s waist up to the side of the jounin’s rib cage. “’Cause you threw mine when you tossed my vest.”

“Check my…check my vest pockets,” Iruka gasped out, having troubles getting his brain away from the blinding pleasure. The other man kept groping his ass and letting his fingers skate between the two cheeks.

Kakashi seemed to have troubles getting the lubricant out and opened, but it could have more to do with the fact that he had an incredibly aroused chunin clinging to him hungrily and trying to hump his stomach frantically than actual clumsiness.

Iruka threw his head back and smacked it hard against the wall behind him when a long finger finally worked its way inside. “More!” He bit out.

“Shit, Iruka!” Kakashi mutter, sounding strained. “It’s been a while for you, hasn’t it? You’re almost as tight as a virgin!” He swiftly slicked up another finger and slid it in.

“Better control then virgins…” The chunin shut his eyes and concentrated on loosing up his greedy muscles.

Kakashi made another wanton noise and shoved a third finger in. He slammed his mouth down on the chunin’s and used his body weight to press the other more firmly against the wall.

Iruka wailed when Kakashi finally got his sorry act together and replaced his fingers with something much better. “Fuck me, you lazy moron!”

The silver-haired man twitched slightly, then he yanked back and let Iruka’s weight slam him back down on his cock. Both howled and Iruka clawed the other man’s back and shoulders in an attempt to get more friction, a better grip, anything so he could get Kakashi to thrust harder and faster.

Kakashi grabbed one of the tan legs in front of him and tossed it over his shoulder so he could grab Iruka’s butt again. “Fuck,” he snarled and tried to press in deeper. He jammed his tongue back into the tan man’s throat.

Iruka lost all semblance of control when Kakashi slammed his prostate up into his stomach. He hadn’t had a lover who was so willing to make him completely and mindlessly incoherent in far too long and Kakashi seemed determined on making sure that he set the bar ridiculously high for anyone in the future.

Sweet gods above, Kakashi was efficiently killing every brain function that Iruka might have even dreamed of having.

It was fuckin’ fantastic.

The windows in Iruka’s apartment rattle when he came harder than he had in absolutely ages.

His brain exploded a moment later when Kakashi buried his teeth into Iruka’s throat to stop himself from following Iruka’s noisy example, only allowing a pained snarl to escape as he flooded Iruka’s body with his semen.

Panting, Kakashi let his forehead fall against Iruka’s shoulder. “Damn Iruka, that was…fuck. Fuckin’ incredible.”

Iruka made an out-of-breath noise of agreement. “You can stay.”

The Copy Ninja pulled back and scowled slightly. “I give you the fucking of your life and all you can say is that I can stay?”

“Mm,” Iruka looped his arms around Kakashi’s strong neck. “You have a lot to make up for.” He lightly kissed the frowning mouth. “Five weeks of things to make up for.”

Kakashi glared at him, but the corner of his lip twitched. “How much did that make up for?”

“Not nearly enough.” Iruka muttered as he pulled the mouth back.

“I’d better get to work then, shouldn’t I? Particularly since I have such a huge…debt to pay back.” Kakashi murmured across Iruka’s lips.

“Damn straight.” Iruka gasped out as Kakashi began slowly grinding against him.

“No time like the present.” The jounin grinned darkly and then transported them to the bedroom.

Iruka got the distinct feeling he wasn’t going to be walking straight for months.