Story Codes - MF bd bondage cons Mdom nosex rom snuff teen 

Andrea stood in the middle of the patio, stark naked, slightly chilled by the night air so that small goosebumps rose all over her arms and legs.  She had been standing there, perfectly still, her arms at her sides and her feet pushed tightly together, for two hours while her Master enjoyed dinner with his new girlfriend.  She had been able to catch glimpses of them inside through the glass patio doors whenever they walked past to venture into the kitchen and back, but neither of them spared her a glance.  

Andrea hadn't really expected them to do so, since she knew that she was simply Master's property, and had been for almost a year now.  It had been a wonderful year too, Andrea had to admit to herself.  It was filled with amazing highs and incredible degradations, all bundled up with intensive training to make Andrea the most pleasing property she could be for Master.  She was his only girl, and that meant that she got to spend all his free time with him, something she was very grateful for, even now.

Andrea had met Master for the first time on the day she turned nineteen.  The teenager had grown up on a small farm in an isolated area, far away from prying eyes, that kept and bred human slaves.  The offspring of these matings had much better lives than their parents, who were treated lower than the livestock that shared the pens where they slept.  In contrast, their progeny lived in the expansive plantation villa located on the other side of the farm, and there they were taught to be intelligent, creative and obedient students.  On their nineteenth birthdays the students would graduate and be sold to prospective buyers across the country.  

On Andrea's own nineteenth birthday her clothing was removed and sent away for washing.  It would be distributed to the other students, since she would not need it anymore.  She was bathed and her skin was cleansed with scented oils.  All of the hair on her body beneath her neck was completely and permanently removed through electrolysis, a process which took several hours in and of itself, and she was given a simple bar-code tattoo across the nape of her neck.  This marked her permanently as property, and it also served as a record that could be scanned by the right equipment to identify her provenance and current owner.  

That night, when all of the preparations were complete, Andrea was led behind the villa where an auction stand stood for use in conducting these sorts of transactions.  Gathered in front of the stand were a number of men and women who were looking to begin or add to their collection of property, and as Andrea was led past these people a tall, muscular man caught her eye while most of the other customers were busy examining the rest of her.  Throughout the process of the sale, as Andrea was stood upon the auction stand and displayed, and as bids came in from the assembly, that man's gaze never left hers, and she couldn't take her eyes off of him either, though she knew it was rude to ignore the other shoppers.  

Andrea was not surprised that the man went on to win the auction, but she was pleased.  She didn't know why, but she immediately felt a connection with this man, an overwhelming desire to kneel at his feet and learn how to please him.  When the transaction had been completed, the man fixed a slender leather collar around Andrea's throat and led her by a metal leash back to his truck.  He instructed her to climb into the bed and lay down, and that is where she stayed during the three and one half hour drive back to her new Master's home.  When they arrived, her Master helped her out of the truck and brought her inside, leading her directly to the bathroom with instructions to bathe again.  Andrea was grateful, because the ride had left her rather dusty as well as slightly bruised, and she did not want to be dirty during her first night with him.  

When Andrea finished cleaning the dirt from her sore body she rejoined her Master in the living room, where he was sitting on an overstuffed lounge chair.  She knelt immediately beside him, keeping her eyes upon the floor as she waited for him to address her.  It took a while, as first her Master finished the drink he'd poured for himself while she showered, and while he leafed through a stack of letters that sat piled upon the end table on the other side of his seat.  When her Master did finally acknowledge her, it was with a command to rise to her feet so that he could appreciate her now that she was clean again.  

She turned in place for him, feeling his eyes travel all over her naked body, then returned to her knees at a gesture of his hand.  Then he reached out to Andrea, sliding his thick fingers through the hair that fell across the side of her face.  The touch surprised her with its gentleness, though the fingers were the rough, calloused digits of a man who had obviously worked hard over the course of his life.  She felt her Master slide those fingers down the side of her cheek and beneath her chin.  He lifted her face toward his own, then leaned closer to her.  For a moment Andrea thought he might kiss her, but her Master simply smiled, then released her from his grasp.  There was something in that smile that was better than a hundred kisses, a communication of the fact that her Master was pleased.

Over the following days and weeks, Andrea had little time to rest, as her Master kept her very busy training, teaching her everything she needed to know in order to best serve him.  She learned about her Master's favorite drinks and meals, and how exactly he liked them to be prepared and served.  She learned about how her Master liked his house to be kept.  She learned about what books  her Master enjoyed and read them so that she could engage with him in conversation if he wished.  She learned about everything her Master was willing to reveal about himself, and she internalized every detail, making him a part of herself.

Andrea also learned a fact which at first unsettled her.  While she was the only slave that her Master currently possessed, he'd had several before her, ten over the previous decade in fact.  This alone did not disturb Andrea, of course.  She was actually surprised that she was the only property that her Master owned at the time.  What did surprise her was that he only ever had one girl at a time, and they were always the same age.  He purchased them on their nineteenth birthdays, and he was finished with them before they turned twenty.  Her Master told her that he believed a slave lost something when she passed her twentieth year, and he chose to pick a fresh girl for his home rather than keep what he described as "a wilting flower".  

Because of this, Andrea always knew her time with her Master was limited, but she tried never to focus on this fact or let it get in the way of her constant efforts to please him.  During the following year she did please him too, or at least she believed she did.  He never expressed disappointment with her, never disciplined her beyond the occasional spanking for a trivial mistake.  During that time Andrea experienced things she never imagined back at the farm.  Her Master wasn't just strong and firm.  He was intelligent, creative, and playful with her, constantly finding interesting, inventive and often humiliating ways to put her to use that inevitably ended with her begging him for release.  Every day was a fresh and thrilling experience with her Master, and every night she spent cuddled in his arms.  

That was all coming to an end now, Andrea knew.  She was just a week from turning twenty, and she was expecting her Master to find a new owner for her any day now.  She knew that a well trained slave was a very expensive commodity, but there were certainly men and women who would be interested in a slightly used twenty year old model.  She probably wouldn't fetch the same price she had as a nineteen year old virgin fresh off the farm, but she hoped she would recoup at least most of her Master's investment.

That was what was running through Andrea's mind when she saw her Master appear at the patio door and pull it open.  He crossed the tiled ground to where she was still standing straight, eyes facing forward, just as he had left her hours before.  He gave her another one of his wonderful smiles.  "Andrea, dear, you are ever the obedient pet."  Andrea glowed inside whenever her Master called her `dear' or `pet', and he knew it.  

Andrea's Master slid his hand around her waist and drew her to his side, and as he began to walk across the yard, he led her gently beside him.  "You know, Andrea, that our time together is almost at an end."  It wasn't a question, but Andrea nodded quietly anyway.  She expected her Master to tell her that he'd found a buyer for her, that she'd be leaving him tomorrow, or the next day.  That did not turn out to be the case, however.

" You've made me very happy over the last year, Andrea, so I want to make this special for you."  Her Master was unfastening his belt with his free hand as he led her along, slowly working it open and pulling it from his waist.  She wondered suddenly if he intended to spank her.  Though her Master knew that she enjoyed being casually punished, he usually saved floggings with a belt for when she'd actually misbehaved.  

They reached the edge of the large pool that took up the corner of her Master's yard, and there he stopped.  He turned Andrea with those strong hands, facing her away from him and toward the water, as he gently but insistently pulled wrists together against the small of her back.  She didn't resist, of course.  She was always instantly submissive to her Master's silent commands.  Using the leather belt her Master secured her wrists firmly together, then turned her back around to face him once again.

"Andrea, these are our final moments together, and I know you will do exactly as I say, just as you always have."  Andrea nodded once again, looking suddenly nervous but still desperate to please him.  Her Master smiled again, then stroked the roundness of her hip, as if he wanted to feel her one last time before...what?

"Time to go, Andrea," her Master said in a voice that was kind, but not without finality.  Andrea felt it, and it made the butterflies that had suddenly appeared in her tummy flutter twice as fast.  He gestured toward the steps that descended into the warm water, and that's when Andrea knew what was about to happen.  There wasn't going to be any buyer.  Her Master wasn't going to sell her.  He was going to finish her, end her short life right here and now.  She was understandably terrified, but at the same time, she felt like she somehow always knew this was coming, that her life with her Master had been so special that it could not continue properly without him.

Wordlessly, Andrea stepped into the water and began to descend the stairs, feeling the water slowly rise around her calves, her thighs, her waist.  Eventually it came up to her chest as she reached the bottom of the pool, and she looked up at her Master, who knelt beside the edge of the water.  He reached for her shoulders, pulling her closer, and then he did what she'd expected him to do almost a year previously.  He pressed his lips against hers and kissed her.  

Andrea had been so wrong.  As wonderful as her Master's smile was, his kiss was a thousand times more so, and the touch of his lips filled her with such emotion that she thought she might burst.  Before she got the chance, however, her Master broke the kiss, and then he straightened up on his knees.  "Goodbye, Andrea," he said to her as he laid one of his strong, wonderful hands on each of her shoulders and began to push her slowly but irresistibly beneath the water.  

Andrea went down without resisting, as she always had done, and within a few seconds her head was beneath the blue surface.  It was suddenly so quiet, even quieter than in her Master's quiet yard, and her eyes immediately stung, so she closed them against the chlorinated water.  This left her with only her sense of touch, and that was dominated by the feel of her Master's firm grip upon her shoulders.  He wasn't pushing her down anymore, just holding her in place.  At first it was a comforting feeling, and Andrea tried to focus entirely upon that.

It was almost a minute before she began to lose control.  In spite of her best attempts to remain calm in her final moments, her overwhelming desire to please her Master even now, her body was rebelling against her.  It needed air, and there wasn't any to be had.  There wouldn't be any. Ever.  That thought sank in now like it hadn't before, and Andrea's mind began to go the way of her body, rebelling against its training, giving into its baser instincts.  She began to jerk and thrash about, and her legs left the floor to kick wildly beneath her.  Bubbles began to rush out of her mouth, and water started taking their place.  She felt the deathly liquid as it crept down her throat and first touched her lungs.  She coughed and spasmed, and that made it all the easier for the water to get inside.  

Throughout her struggle, she could still feel her Master's firm hands upon her shoulders, keeping her in place just beneath the surface of the water, and as her spasms began to weaken and strength to resist left her body, that was really all she could feel anymore.  A calmness crept over her from the back of her brain, slipping itself around toward the front.  Her last thoughts were of her Master's wonderful hands, the way they felt against her skin.  Then, feeling that loving grip, she let herself give up and slip away into blackness, and there was nothing left of Andrea but her beautiful corpse, which slowly floated to the surface as her Master released her for the final time.

email me at andreadarling@outlook.com

thanks for reading :)




