I'm warm. Swimming up from sleep, the fur covers brush against me as I stretch against his chest. He breathes evenly in his sleep, and I breathe with him. His arms are wrapped around me, and his legs push up against my feet. I am surrounded.

I lie still in the darkness of the Henneth Annun cave. We've been here now for three nights. Two of his men keep watch of the surrounding area, but they stay out of sight and we feel completely alone. That's what he said he wanted--to get me away from everyone. It's what I wanted, too.

He grew impatient during the long evenings at the Field of Cormallen when I would be surrounded by the fellowship. There was so much to talk about, I was overwhelmed by it all. I would look across the table to where he sat quietly watching me and waiting until he could have me alone in our tent. He tried to hide his impatience, but it pulled me to him in slow waves.

He smells of clean sweat from our lovemaking mixed with wood smoke and fragrant Ithilien herbs. His scent goes to my head like red wine cool on my tongue that warms as it slips down my throat.

The wanting rises in me--never really stops any more, just rests beneath the surface before waking again. It kindles in my belly and spreads outward until it curls my fingers around his wrist. Twisting around, I rub my face against his neck.

Waking, he laughs softly. "Again? So soon? I thought I'd wear you out, not the other way round. I had not heard hobbits were so demanding."

I catch his lower lip in my mouth and tug lightly with my teeth.

"It bites, does it?"

I kiss him full on the mouth and slide my lips smoothly against his. My tongue stroking the soft insides of his cheeks makes him gasp as the wanting rises up in him.

It surprised me at first that I had the power to make him shake with desire, that my body did that to him. I love to watch him when he arches high above me and spreads my thighs wide to bury himself deep inside me. His gray eyes darken until it's too much and they close tight.

Clasping my hands behind his neck, I try to pull him on top of me, but he'll have none of it. Instead, I find myself lying on top of him. His hands roughly slide up and down my back, stopping to squeeze my buttocks. I never tire of his hands on me. Sometimes they are gentle as though he's afraid of bruising me. Now they press hard and make my skin flush where they have touched me.

He pushes himself up and leans against the wall. I lay back against his raised knees, nipples tingling from his circling palms. Falling against his chest, I suckle his wound. If he feels the poison in him again, I will draw it out and take it into myself.

He reaches for the little flask of oil. I didn't know what it was for when he took it out the first night we spent in his tent.

"You're too small though you don't complain. The oil will make it easier for you."

"I don't need it, I'm fine without it."

"No, you're not. It hurts you, I know it does."

"Just a little at first. It passes quickly."

"Hush. Turn over."

He was right, it did help. There was nothing but the pleasure of him stretching me open when he entered me, little pinpricks that turned to a quick pulsing as I closed round the long shaft and held him fast.

He strokes my buttocks lightly and runs his fingers between them, parting my cheeks and tipping the flask so that the oil drips on to me. I shiver as he massages it into me, moan when fingers push deep.

Sliding against the ridge of his stiff cock, I rock back and forth, savoring his length spreading my oil-slick cheeks until the tip of him strains at my opening. I brace myself for the thick invasion, but he doesn't move.

"Please ... please ..."

"You do it."

I push a little, and the head disappears into me. Quickly, I pull away, and he groans. Another push--a little harder--and he's in me again. He holds tightly to my buttocks to stop me from withdrawing again. I press down until he fills me completely with a long smooth slide that reaches every fiber of my body. Laying still, I am faint with the fullness of him in me this new way, tight ring of muscle fluttering around him. Our testicles press together, a soft cushioning that shoots sparks up my spine and makes me squirm.

"Move."

I can't move, not yet, want to hold the taut fullness a little longer. It feels different this way. I like it.

"Frodo ... please ..."

Hands move restlessly over my back and neck, grip my hair. He sighs and lays still, acquiescent to my mood but with body tensed.

I draw myself from my reverie and begin to move. Hands push at my chest, suspending me above him. This control is new to me. Always before, he's been the one in control of our movement, whether he's spread me on my back or taken me from behind.

I slide up and down slowly, his cock clinging to my flesh. Someone moans--it's me. His fingers stroke where we are joined. I move faster, wanting ... more. He is molten metal inside me, a hot knife through butter. Holding my buttocks, he twists me round him. Sensation exploding from the twisting friction, I cry out and fall on to his chest, thrusting hard and fast. My own erection is near to bursting and drips liquid.

"Faramir! Please ... touch me ... please ..."

His hand is between us, stroking and squeezing. Knees trembling, I try to hold back a little longer, want it to go on. No good. Hand around me and cock inside me, my seed spurts in a milky pool on his belly.

Restraint abandoned, his hips raise off the bed as he pumps into me.

"Come ... come now ..."

One last thrust and he comes screaming my name, arms like iron bands around me stopping my breath. His cock jerks inside me, and his semen floods me.

Reaching his head to mine, he covers my face and neck with kisses as we float in the warm bath of our release.

All is quiet again in the warm darkness of our bed. He draws the soft fur around us, and we sink back into our sleep. He is mine, my own, and I'll not be without him again.