Sarah's Actions Causes Trouble
by ibsarahh©
My last adventure left me with more questions than answers, but somehow I knew I had to keep trying. Trying what, I wasn't sure. Was I becoming a slut, whore or whatever it's called? I don't think so, I'm not a nympho, I mean I go a long time between sex with men, it's not constant. I knew pleasuring myself, although fun, wasn't satisfying my deepest needs, and wasn't hitting the high that I sought. I had to find out more about this world of sex and what it had to offer me. I didn't know when or where or what was next but I was sure I wanted to find out.

I had to go to a cousin's home town about three hours from mine for her bridal shower one weekend in October. It was her second wedding as it was for her fiance, so it wasn't a real big blow out. 

She and her friends suggested we go out drinking and dancing as sort of her bachelorette party. I thought it was a great idea and went along. This town is very quaint and only about 1,200 or so people so most of them know each other or of each other. I was staying in a hotel about a half an hour away.

I was wearing the same blue jean skirt with the buttons in the front that I wore to the mall last summer, but with a thin light blue blouse and navy blue satin undies and sort of half bra. My blue jean jacket covered my blouse just fine so it wasn't revealing anything at all.

At about 8:30 we went to a bar that had a wide variety of dance music and a nice size dance floor. They played everything from country to 50's to hip hop. We ordered up drinks and just kind of hung around the bar until a table opened up to sit at, it did take long. We visited and danced and drank! A few times guys would ask one of us to dance but were usually turned down, specially the strange looking ones. A couple times one of her friend's would go with a cute guy and I did once too with a gentleman about 50 I'd say.

He was ruggedly handsome and very polite. He introduced himself as Bill and I told him my name. Not the smoothest dancer but not bad. My cousin told me he was the town Sheriff. That made me feel a little safer, not that I thought about it much. He was strong and fit, about 6'3" tall. 

After the dance he politely said "Thank you Sarah" and left a short time later.

At about 11:00 I had just gotten another drink for myself, and my cousin's friends said they were getting tired and were heading home. I asked my cousin if she wanted to stay for a while and I'd take her home but she said she was tired too. I told them to be safe and would see them sometime the next day. 

The place wasn't too busy so I stayed at the table sipping my drink and swaying to the music. A couple guys that had entered about 15 minutes before were looking around and started looking back at me a little more frequently. They were drinking their beer and kind of chatting to each other. I noticed one would look my way then would say something to the other, kind of back and forth. I thought I'd give them a cheap thrill and slowly uncrossed my legs leaving them open for a second or two then crossing the other way, making sure not to look right at them while I did. Finally they walked over to my table and asked if they could join me. I slightly smiled and said sure.

One was named Roy and the other Willie. Roy was about 5'11" and thin. Willie was maybe 5'8" and kind of heavy set, not too big but must like his beer more by the size of his belly. They looked to be in their early 30's. Both had deep blue eyes and sandy brown hair. They told me they were brothers and live in a neighboring town and only get in here about once a month to whip it up. 

I said "Everyone needs to let it loose once in a while!"

They laughed and said "I like your attitude!"

Roy offered to buy me a drink and asked if I liked beer. I assured him I did and he went to the bar to get us all one. Willie asked me to dance, so I did. It was a slower dance and he held me fairly tight. At one point he let his hand slip under my jacket and I could tell it seemed like he was trying to feel if I had a bra on. I just spun out of it and made no mention of it or inclination that I knew what I thought he was up to. After the dance Roy took his turn dancing with me. He let his hand slip down and let it stay on my butt for a few seconds. I pulled it up to my waist but said nothing.

We sat and drank our beer for the next song and Willie said "We should go to the other spot and see what's up there."

Roy said "I'm up for it but what about Sarah here?"

Willie said "Want to come with us? It's just around the corner. They got dancing there too! You'll like it"

I said "Ok by me it's too early to stop having fun anyway." I was thinking maybe we'd have a few drinks there and one, or both of the guys and myself would go have a little adventure.

With that we left and went outside. Roy said "It's right around here" and took one of my arms.

Willie walked on the other side like two protectors guiding me in the right direction. We went around the corner and there was a dimly lit sign of the bar called 'The Spot'. It seemed like a regular bar except the blinds were closed where the other bars you could see in. 

Roy opened the door and we went in. You had to step up a couple steps to get in and there was a bouncer right at the top of the steps.

He said "Hi Roy, Willie. That will be $3 each, ladies are free." And let us in.

I thought it odd to pay a cover charge for a bar but maybe they had a live band or DJ. Boy was I wrong! There was a girl on the stage dancing in a bikini! 

I said "I've never been to a go-go joint before!"

Roy laughed and said "First time for everything Sarah!"

I just kind of followed them to a table and there were some of their friends there. 

One of the guys, I found out later was named Tony said "Damn Roy, I didn't think you would actually do it. I'll pay you tomorrow."

I said "Do what"

Roy said "He bet me I couldn't get a woman to come in here with me. It was for $25. But I get $50 because you're good looking to boot. If it were a dog it would just be $25."

"Well" I said "I should get some of that then!" and laughed.

Willie said "You'll get some" and smiled but didn't elaborate.

There were about 10 to 12 people there besides us five at the table. There were two other women with their guys/husbands at one table and the rest guys. Three or four were sitting at the edge of the stage.

We watched the girl dance and drank a beer Willie bought. Much to my surprise just after she started the second song she took her top off. I was thinking it was just a bikini place but was I wrong. As she danced around the stage some guys offered her dollar bills. She'd bend down and let them slide it under her bottom strap. One guy put his dollar in his mouth and she took it by squeezing her tits on his face and ended up with the bill between her breasts. Another guy tried this but as she got closer he reached out to touch her. 

The bouncer took a step forward and the bar tender said "No touching my dancers!"

The guy backed off laughing and saying "sorry". You could tell he was drunk.

When she finished her dance he left and another girl came up to start. I felt a hand on my leg, it was Roy's, but it wasn't moving so I just placed my hand near it so if he tried to go up I could stop him.

This girl was much bigger chested and jiggled a lot when moving around. She was a bit bigger in the butt too! During the middle of her second dance her top came off as well. She had much bigger areolas but when she played with her nipples they got really long, which the guys seemed to like a lot. Roy, Willie, Tony and Rob (the other guy at the table) each got their faces squeezed by this girl's tits as they gave her dollars. 

They encouraged me to try it so I got up to slide a dollar in her pants but she had me put it in my mouth too then rubbed her tits around my face as she took it from me. Another first for me, having some woman's boobs on my face or anywhere on me for that matter. They did smell good. She must have had nice cologne on them. She took two of the bills and ripped a hole in the middle, and then she placed each one on her nipples, pulling them through the holes. She walked around jiggling them making the bills dance up and down and back and forth. The guys really seemed to enjoy this and she made more money.

One guy then placed a $5.00 bill on his nose and lay back along the edge of the dance floor facing up. The guys at our table laughed and told me to watch. Much to my surprise the dancer sauntered over to him, backed up with each leg at both sides of his head and squatted down rubbing her cunt on his nose and came up with the bill stuck between her legs. She still had her panties on but I was impressed that she did it and so well.

Willie said "You do that Sarah!"

I said "oh my god no, I could never."

Then Roy, Tony and Rob said "yeah! Go on, you can do it!"

Roy said "Remember, there's a first time for everything!"

I took a big gulp of my beer and said "Ok, what the hell!"

I took a $5 out of my purse and slowly walked over to the stage again. I folded it the long way and turned to lean back on the edge of the dance floor and lay the bill on my nose, just like the other guy. 

I heard one of the guys at our table say "Hey look, you can see right up her skirt!"

I realized I was leaning back with my legs open pretty wide for balance and closed them up a bit at the knees.

Another voice said "Good going dufuss!" and heard much laughter.

The dancer made her way over to me and smiled. She put both legs on each side of my head and squatted down. This time she held herself a few inches above my head and swayed back and forth a bit. Then she went lower and rubbed her twat on my nose and face. She seemed to enjoy this as she went on for a bit not bothering to lift, then she went up a bit pulled her panty aside and came back down. I could smell her juices a bit as she rubbed bare twat on my money covered nose. Then as she stood up pulling the money away and replacing her panties as she turned and bent over jiggling her tits in my face and gave me an upside down kiss before returning to the center of the stage.

Everyone was clapping and whistling. I got a bit red but enjoyed giving a little show, or at least being part of it.

The bartender shouted "Last call!" and said "one more dance for Rita then closing time."

Tony went and bought us all another beer as Rita danced around getting more money in her panties. While the song was ending I got up to go to the bathroom. While in there I figured we were about to leave and have some fun so I undid the bottom three buttons on my skirt leaving three in place. I also undid a button on my blouse to show some cleavage and to let either Willie or Roy that I was ready to go and have some fun. I took my jacket off and slung it over my shoulder. When I came out the lights were a little brighter and I noticed fewer people. One table that had four guys was empty. There were still three guys sitting by the stage just looking around, and at me, and one by him self at a table. Another table still had the two couples, but they were standing up to leave.

The bar tender said "No more dancers, unless someone wants to volunteer?"

The two couples left as I reached our table.

Rob said "Why don't you dance Sarah?"

I said "Nooo, not me. I'm no dancer."

Willie said "Sure you are, I danced with you and you'd do fine!"

I said "No, I couldn't. I don't know how, not in front of all these people."

Roy stood up and said "Anyone want to see Sarah here dance?"

All the guys shouted and whistled for encouragement.

I said "Thanks but I think it's time to go, I don't care to dance, sorry."

Willie and Roy stood and each took an arm and said "Awe shucks"

I thought we were leaving so I got up to go with them. We took a couple steps then they turned toward the stage and lifted me up onto it.

I said "No, come on, let's go." and started to get nervous.

They got up too and Willie said "It's ok, we'll help"

I got scared as they slipped my jacket off my shoulder and tossed it near the steps. The music started and they took turns taking my hand and twirling me around slowly. I thought this wasn't going to be too bad just dancing with them up on the stage but then things changed for the worse. They walked me in front of the pole on stage and took my arms up over my head and around the pole. Roy held them while Willie came around the front. He put his hands at my thighs and slid them up each side pulling slightly on my skirt then up to my arms and then came down the front and unbuttoned my blouse pulled it opened showing my bra. I struggled but Roy had my hands tight.

I said 'No please!" and tried to pull away.

But Willie said "Relax, you'll enjoy it and you know it."

I heard hooting and whistling. 

He came around behind me and took my hands from Roy. Roy came around and looked me over smiling. The other guys hooted and hollered again for more. He put his hands on my waist and then slid them down and unbuttoned the rest of my skirt and let it drop exposing my panties. I was scared and nervous but felt warmth hitting my deep areas. Roy grabbed my ass from in front of me and made movements like he was humping me, then he took one hand and Willie the other as they guided me around the stage like they were showing me off. As they turned me away from the guys they slid my blouse off of me, not letting go of my arms and walked me over to one guy at the edge of the stage. He held up a dollar and they stopped to let him slide it in the side of my panties.

Willie said "See you can do this!" and laughed.

Roy said "Let's see if she can do it on her own?" and let go of one hand.

Willie walked me to the next guy to put a dollar in my panties. Just as he was reaching up Roy unsnapped my bra and it flipped forward half way down one arm exposing my tits to everyone. I tried to catch it but Willie pulled it off of me.

Then he let go of me saying "Go for it girl, give us a show." He went to the side by the steps and watched.

I covered up my tits and just stood there for a minute, I felt like crying.

Roy went down and got a dollar to give me. I nervously went by him to get it he put it in his mouth for me to take with my tits like the other dancers. I didn't want to but felt I was stuck, had no way out, Willie was blocking my only way off the stage, so I did it. I rubbed his cheeks with my tits and took his dollar. Four other guys lined up for the same. The last one reached to squeeze my tits and pinch my nipples but hesitated for a second and looked at the bartender.

He just said, "Hey she's not one of my dancers!'

The guy groped me for a few seconds. Tony and Rob get the idea to put their money on their noses and lay back on the stage like I did with Rita.

I said "No. I'm not doing that!"

Then Willie and Roy took me by the arms and led me to them. First Rob and had me squat down on his face. I slipped and kind of sat on it. Tears started to run down my cheeks, I didn't like the way this was going. Everyone laughed and clapped. I felt Rob's hand on the right side of my hip and a tug on my panty. When the guys helped me up my panties felt looser but I couldn't see them from the tears. They took me to Tony and had me squat on his dollar covered nose as well. I felt his hand on my left side and a tug on that side of my panties. When Willie and Roy helped me up this time my panties fell to the floor. 

There I stood, naked in front of 8 guys and the bar tender on the stage of some bar I've never been in before. I was shaking and trying not to cry but my eyes were so blurry my make up was running down my cheeks. Rob and Tony came up on stage and took my arms as Willie and Roy went down and put $5 bills on their noses and lay back on the edge of the stage too.

I said shaking and sobbing, "Please, no, just let me go!"

Tony said "Hell girl, you're gonna have the time of your life, enjoy it."

He and Rob walked me over to Willie first and backed me up to squat on his face.

As I got close Willie said "Great view from here!" and everyone laughed.

I lost my balance again and sat harder than I wanted to but he didn't say anything, he just rubbed his face up and down a bit. When I lifted up a bit to take some of the weight off he pulled off the $5 and began licking and tonguing my pussy. I tried to get up but Tony and Rob held me down for a couple minutes. Clapping was coming from all around as I looked up to see most of the guys gather around closer.

They finally helped me up and took me to Roy for the same. This time Roy got most of his body on stage and the guys turned me around to face the front. I had to spread my legs wider to get around his shoulders this time which all the guys seemed to like but I couldn't stop sobbing and shaking. Roy didn't even let me get too close to him before he threw his money aside and started plunging away with his tongue. Even though I could feel my juices getting warmer I was still feeling that this is all wrong. I don't want to be forced to do this. 

Someone grabbed my hair in the back and turned my head to the side. They had their cock out and pointing in my face.

I said "Please no, let me go" with tears running down.

He stuck his thumb in my mouth and held it open while sticking his cock in it and moving my head with his hand holding my hair. I figured at this point if I resisted too much I could get hurt. I reached up with my hand and stroked his cock and started sucking it, more out of fear than desire. 

I heard shouts of joy. Guys saying, "that's it, get into it, fuck her man."

Roy slid out from underneath me as I felt someone take my other hand and put their cock into it. The hand at the back of my head released and another took my hair pulling me around to his cock and putting in my mouth. After a minute or so of sucking him I was lifted up off my knees and my feet and handed to two guys on the floor. They had put two tables together and lay me on it with my knees hanging over the edge. One guy spread my legs open and started fingering me while another had his cock out at my face rubbing it on me until I opened my mouth for him to enter. I felt someone on the left side put their cock in my hand and move my arm in a stroking motion. There were two hands feeling my tits and pinching my nipples.

I heard Willie say, "Fuck man either stick your dick in her or get out of the way!"

I felt the finger slide out of me and Willie took his spot. He slid me down the table toward him and lifted my legs up. I was crying and choking on a cock when I felt Willie enter me. It felt thick and long as he worked his way in. It felt like hands were all over my body. Another cock ended up in my right hand. I felt one tapping me on my forehead. I don't know if it was Willie or someone else but I felt my ass being slapped on each side as Willie was picking up the pace.

Before long the cock in my mouth began to twitch and he held my head as he shoved it in deeper and came into my throat. As he pulled back some dribbled out and onto my cheek mixing with my tears. I coughed and more spewed out. 

I heard shouts of "YEAH!" and "My turn, my turn."

The guy in my left hand turned my head towards his cock. It was Roy. His cock was thicker than the last one but not as long and he shoved it in before I could say anything. Willie was banging so hard at one point Roy's dick came out of my mouth and I thought the tables were going to buckle. Then I felt heat deep in my cunt as Willie shot the first part of his load in me. He pulled out and stroked the rest on my lower belly and pussy.

Roy said, "Damn Willie you been saving up too long!" Everyone laughed.

I tried to close my legs but Tony stepped in right away and just plunged in. He said "I ain't too proud for sloppy seconds but I'd hate to be next." Then laughing started pounding away.
Just as Roy was starting to cum in my mouth the guy in my right hand leaned up and took my hand stroking his cum on my right tit and belly. Roy's cum was runny and tasted sour. He held his cock in my mouth until it was done but a lot of it ran out the side and I felt it running into my ear.

Someone shouted "Next!" and turned my head to the other side. 

When my head turned I could feel Roy's jizz going in my ear and down my neck. This guy had a thin short dick like a hot dog. He slid it in slowly like he was afraid to at first but started to work it in and out. I heard Tony grunting as he started ramming my cunt hard. He pulled out fast and jerked his cum all over my body. I felt some hit up between my tits and then down my belly and on my pussy and he got to the end.

Another guy came up on my left side where Roy was and jerked onto my left tit. I felt it run down that side and onto my arm. My body was shaking from fear and the orgasm that came over me. Thy guy in my mouth after a couple minutes pulled out and came all over my face. My forehead, eyes, nose were all covered. I couldn't see anymore, I didn't want to. 

I thought to myself, maybe it all over, maybe they'll leave me go now. 

Then I heard Rob say, "This pig is filthy. Turn her over, I don't want to see all that cum on that slut." 

I felt two guys help me off the table, they turned me around and lay me on the table facing forward with my feet still on the ground. The table felt slimy with all the cum on my body and I could feel cum dripping down my legs.

My hands were held above my head as Rob entered my pussy from behind. I felt slapping on my ass as Rob started screwing me. I knew Rob's hands were holding my hips so I don't know who was slapping me. Then the slapping stopped but two guys lifted my legs up and spread them. I'm not the most flexible person and it hurt a lot. I screamed out but they held me firm. Rob pounded harder and I felt his balls slapping the top of my pussy. 

This sent me over the edge and I came big time! I screamed out and convulsed in a way I had never done before. I felt a good squirt come out as I shook from the orgasm. It was almost as I was coming down I felt Rob tense up and shoot his load deep in my aching, sopping cunt. He pulled out as he started to shrink and stroked the last drops on my ass. I felt some trickle down to my ass hole and beyond. 

My hands were released and my legs put down. I couldn't move. I just lay there for a couple minutes and the guys applauded. 

Willie said "See I told you, you could do it." 

Then I felt a few guys pass bye and pat my ass as they said "Good job!" almost like a football player congratulating a team mate.

When they all left the bartender came over with a towel for me to clean up. I recovered enough to stand but had no dignity left to even try to cover up. 

I said "I suppose you want something too." kind of sarcastically.

He said "Yeah, clean up the table too, I ain't touching that stuff." then handed me the money that was from the stage.

I said "This was rape you know, and you didn't do anything to help me."

He said "You know that guy in the corner watching the whole thing was the Sheriff. He told the guys where to find you. With the money you got and the way you came on to him at the bar he'd back these guys in a heartbeat. Say you were a hooker. You got paid. You were out looking for it."

I was confused, hurt, upset. I didn't know what to do or think. I cleaned up myself and the table then got dressed. My panties were cut through the sides and my bra was missing. I left.

I walked around the corner to my car and as I got to the door the Sheriff pulled up next to me.

He said "Drive safely now and welcome back any time." Then smiled and drove away. 

I had nothing left. I felt so empty inside. I decided to just drive home. I'll never go back to that town.
