At home for the summer and with the few close friends from high school off and gone I wasn't so worried about my secret getting out.
I'd been spending most of my time with mom since my sister was still away at school, but after the first two weeks everything was back to normal. With me and my sister away mom had been spending her time with friends and even had a date every soften.
I was pretty good the first weeks but soon those sissy urges had to be taken care of and I knew just the place. There was a county park of the old highway that was rumored to be meeting place for special friends when the sun went down.
I drove out there in the afternoon just to have a look around. There were two parking lots one with a bathroom, the other a few hundred yards away, both by the nature trails.
Walking the trails I noticed the small paths into the bushes, every so often a bench to the side, even several picnic tables sitting back off the path that were barely visible. I knew where I'd be tonight.
After dinner I went to the park, having no idea of what could happen I only wore pantyhose under my sweats so at least I felt a little fem.
The park was quiet, seeing two or three cars in each lot I pulled into the smaller and parked in the shadows. It wasn't long before another car pulled in and the driver went down the nature trail, a minute later another came from the woods and drove away.
Getting out of the car I was nervous and excited not knowing what to expect since this was my first time here, adjusting my hoodie and cap I started down the dimly lit trails.
At first it seemed I was alone but just ahead the trail widened, it was the path from this afternoon. My nervousness now gone all I wanted was to satisfy the horny little cock slut that I'd become.
Seeing a figure ahead slowly walking towards me it was natural for my walk to became more feminine as he passed he gave me a quick nod.
Ahead I saw two silhouettes duck into the bushes, as I passed the sound of pleasure made me want a cock even more now.
Walking a little farther there was that picnic table hidden back off in the bushes, going to the table I moved the bushes so you could barely see it, perfect for tonight.
I'd pause on the side and casually glance around when a figure appeared on the trail, as they got closer I'd quickly check them out and think yes or no.
I was looking for the closet husband, the one who snuck out with a standby excurse when he needed what his wife couldn't give him. I knew they were the horniest and how excited an aroused they'd get for an 18yo sissy like me.
When he saw me he paused and quickly glanced around before continuing slowly towards me, he was early 50's about 5'11, 180, the average suburban husband.
I gave him a smile and a hello, when he answered I could see he was nervous as he stopped and again looked around and seemed to relax a little.
His eyes ran quickly over me and I saw the surprise on his face when he saw mine before asking, ''Nice night isn't it,'' there was a quiver in his voice as if he was unsure of what to say next, that's when helped him along.
''It is nice, the woods at night always seems so special,'' letting him see me glance at his nice bulge, ''you can relax and enjoy it, the quiet moonlight.'' Looking at the growing bulge in his pants I licked my lips going to the picnic table with him following behind.
Turning to face him and unzipping the hoodie I let him see my age in the dim light of the bushes, he never expected a 19yo and just stared not knowing what to say.
Then the rush of sexual arousal and excitement ran through me, that one only a sissy slut knows, the urges and hunger for a cock and the sweet taste of cum.
With out saying a word I rubbed his growing bulge and began undoing his pants, smiling I wet my lips before going to my knees.
He was so excited it was a matter of minutes until he tensed and gasped as his cock throbbed and pulsed spurts of warm sweet cream into my open mouth.
I'd barely wiped the cum from my chin and he was on his way home before the wife wondered where he'd been.
As I came from the bushes there was another anon just yards away, he'd seen my friend leave and stopped, he was the mid 40's husband an dad type. It wasn't until he was closer that I recognized him.
His name was Don a neighbor of moms, the family moved in right after I'd left for school so I've never met them except for a minute or so on a weekend home for a holiday. I'd been watching as he worked in the back yard one Saturday, there was something about married matures, a sissy habit hard to break.
He had know idea of who I was but it was obvious he wanted to find out a little more about me.
''I saw your friend leave,'' rubbing his bulge, ''I was hoping you might want to stay.''
''I'm not going anywhere daddy.''
Turning back into the bushes I felt so slutty, knowing his wife and finding him here needing to satisfy his real sexual urges, a secret I now knew.
Standing by him I slowly began rubbing his cock through the tight jeans as it began growing down his thigh to a hard seven inches. As he put his arm around me I leaned against him and whispered femininely.
''Is this what you want,'' lightly squeezing, ''would you like me to suck it for you.''
Giving his ear a quick kiss I stepped back to the table and took off my hoodie showing my face and slim 19yo upper body. He still had no idea who I was all he saw was a horny young sissy wanting his cock.
Softly nibbling on his cock through the jeans I slowly began unzipping and taking them down. As I teased him with my tongue he began to relax and forget about everything but me and satisfying the sexual lusts his wife couldn't.
I took my time sucking his cock wanting him so horny that he let go and use me like the fuck boy he's always fantasized about. When he was close I'd pull back before he could cum, I watched his cock jump and pulse it was so close to cuming his legs were quivering.
''Your so hard,'' teasing his tight balls, ''umm all this sweet cum just for me,'' taking him deep into my throat then sitting back, ''do you want to fuck my pussy daddy.''
Standing I let my sweats fall revealing the crotch less pantyhose I was wearing, slowly turning and leaning over the picnic table as he move up behind.
I'd gotten Don so excited it only took a minute or two before he gasped and drove deep inside me as his throbbing cock exploded pumping spurt after spurt of warm cum into my spasming tight boy pussy. He stood there pressed against my cheeks as his soft spent cock slipped out me he watched his cum run over my balls and down my soft clit.
''No ones ever made me cum like that,'' zipping up, '' can we meet again, I mean,'' knowing what he wanted to say I stopped him.
''Don't worry daddy we'll see each other again, I promise.''
As he headed back to his wife I laid there on the picnic table in the moon light and finished myself off, already thinking about the next time I see Don.
I'd managed to stay out of Don's sight the rest of the week, going out when he was at work and staying in when he was home, I was waiting for the weekend. Saturday mom and his wife Jen were taking his daughters for the day and he'd be home alone working on his lawn, it was the perfect time to introduce myself.
That morning I'd gone down to the kitchen as mom and the girls were getting ready to leave, after saying my hellos I and finding out there plans we said bye. The whole time looking at Jen and thinking, '' if she only knew what I was planning for her husband.''
It was only 9am and they wouldn't be back until evening, I went upstairs to get ready for Don. After tacking a shower and shaving myself smooth I looked for something to wear that was fem but not obvious to anyone else that might see me.
With my sister away I went through her room and found an old pair of cutoffs, cotton bikini panties and a short tank top exposing my slim waist. With my knee highs and sneakers I looked so fem this was going to be fun watching his reaction.
I watched from my window as he began mowing the front anxiously waiting for him to start the backyard, with all the hedges I was sure Don would be the only one watching.
Sitting there thinking about what was going to happen I was getting so horny that special tingle ran through my soft clit. I've always fantasized about being fucked by a closet husband in his and his wife's bed, it seemed so taboo I had to do it.
Waiting until he was almost done I walked out back knowing he'd see me I used the ball cap to hide my face and slowly crossed the yard stopping a few feet away.
Don looked at me and froze when he realized who I was, ''Hi daddy, don't worry I wont tell.'' I could see he was nervous he so I told him about myself just coming home from school and he began to relax.
''Your really Pegs son, does she know, I mean.''
''No only you Don,'' moving closer, '' does Jen know your secret.'' He didn't have to say a word, the way he was looking around I knew she didn't.
I couldn't believe that this was really happening, I was in my backyard dressed like a fem boy trying to seduce my neighbor, I was thinking about the park and how excited he'd gotten fucking me, a closet husband with his first sissy, I knew he couldn't say no to me.
''Would you like me to go in before someone sees me with you,'' brushing passed, ''I'll wait for you, Jen wont be home for hours.''
As I went inside his he followed closing the garage door behind us.
I've never felt as sexy or slutty as I did right now, my clit tingling and feeling that special tickle in my boy pussy, there was no way I was stopping, this was it.
Going through the laundry and into the family room I turned facing him, ''Were alone daddy and I'm really horny,'' gently fondling his bulge, ''is this me.''
I could feel his cock growing and hanging heavy, slipping my hand up the leg of the shorts I softly squeezed his seven plus inches as it pulsed in my hand.
It was easy to see Don was nervous and unsure about being here in the house but he couldn't hide the excitement of being alone with me, the little sissy he fantasized about.
''Lets go to the bedroom daddy, where all alone you can fuck me again, I know how much you want it.''
Walking up the stairs his hands were all over my ass, when I started to the master bedroom Don stopped me, ''Not there in here, go in I'll be right there.'' As I opened the door he went to his bedroom.
Seeing it was his daughter room the rush of sexual arousal gave me goose bumps, when Don came in and locked the door behind us I knew this was special for him.
Alone at home without the fear of being caught he could finely
satisfy his forbidden an taboo urges for that fresh 18yo femboi he's lusted for.
For me it would be pure pleasure, I was going to be a sissy slut satisfying his cock until he finished with me, we had hours before anyone came home.
It was Kim's bedroom, like every teen girl discovering boys, there were magazines and posters of teen boy bands throughout the room.
As I walked around the room Don stripped and went to the bed and watched me fix myself in the dresser mirror, using Kim's perfume and lip gloss I turned blowing a kiss.
Don was leaning against the headboard fondling his heavy cook as it hung over his tight balls, that's when I noticed the cock ring and poppers on the nightstand.
''Let daddy have a look at you,'' he used a popper and held his cock, ''that's it Kimmy come to daddy.'' I was excited he called me by his daughters name.
At the side of the bed Don sat facing me as he ran his hands up an my legs and side and over the tight cutoffs holding my soft ass cheeks firm and parted. Reaching down I took his hands in mine and guided them over my body, he was in his own world of sexual arousal from the rush of poppers and taboo lusts.
''Is this what you want daddy,'' brushing my soft clit, ''your little girl.''
I held the popper to my nose then to his, I stepped back as the euphoric rush took me to my own world of forbidden pleasures and a raw sexual hunger only Don could satisfy.
As he sat there fondling himself I began teasing. The way I felt it was easy to be feminine, my movements, voice, mannerisms, I became Kimmy his sissy daughter.
Running my hands over my slim fem body I turned letting him have a look at my tight ass in the cutoffs before letting them drop and turning to Don. In my short tank top and pink cotton panties I pranced to the bed and stood between his open legs.
''My god your so,'' his quivering hands moved up my thighs, ''look at you such a pretty girl,'' he brushed my clit and leaned back. Fondling himself and taking long popper hits Don was horny and only thinking about me and his heavy hanging cock.
Kneeling I slowly began teasing his full semi hard cock it's balls held tight in a ring, it was perfect.
''Such a nice cock daddy,'' he held the popper to my nose as I began gently working his growing cock.
The rush of a popper and the feel of a cock getting hard in my mouth always brought the slut in me out but Don was making me more then horny. This was different I couldn't stop thinking about how he brought me to his daughters room, calling me by her name when he did a popper, it was time to be his forbidden pleasure.
Taking my time with his cock I teased him but always stopped when he'd get close, giving him time to calm and think about being alone here with me.
Kissing the mushroom head of his throbbing cock I looked up, ''Am I doing it right, I want to make you happy daddy,'' taking him deep a few times, ''tell me how.''
The look on his face said everything, he wanted a sissy like me for a son not his 18yo teen daughter. I was going to satisfy Dons taboo lust and be his femboy now that he was out of the closet.
After stripping I slowly sild along his body as I gently pressed my hips against his, letting my soft clit brush his cock as I nibbled on Dons ear and whispered.
''Maybe you should make sure the doors are all locked daddy, while I use the girls room.'' Softly kissing his lips I stood and helped him off the bed.
While he was down stairs I went through Kim's drawers, putting on a sexy leopard print padded bra with panties, knee highs and her school uniform I sat on the bed waiting.
Hearing him coming up the stairs sent a rush of excitement through me, it was like dressing first for my special friend. The nervousness an sexual arousal, the tingle in my clit brought out the sissy cum slut in me, I was hungry for Dons cock.
He froze in the doorway seeing me dressed as his daughter, uncrossing my legs giving him a peak at my panties, as I held out a popper he took off the robe.
Standing between my legs as he inhaled I could see his cock beginning to firm an grow heavy, Don looked at me grinning as he held the popper to my nose. He was only thinking about me and finely satisfying his forbidden sexual lust for the pleasures that he's forbid himself for to long.
For the next few hours we were both lost in our own taboo worlds, with inhibitions gone the urges and need for raw sexual gratification was all we cared about.
I pranced around the house dressed as Kimmy, teasing him like the sexy fem son I knew he wanted. When I wasn't sucking his cock or giving him my boy pussy we played until he was ready to use me again.
It was just past three and time to end our little party. I gave Dons limp cock a kiss and stood by the bed. Seeing him laying there drained and exhausted, knowing I satisfied sexual needs in ways his wife Jen never could felt nicer then cuming.
Still wearing Kim's bra and cum soaked panties under my cutoffs and top while I helped him clean up an hide what we'd been up to from his wife and daughters.
Walking across the backyard I already was thinking about what happens the next time we find ourselves alone, it would be the perfect summer for this sissy boy.