It was an unseasonably warm morning in upstate New York. The University was always quiet on Sunday mornings as most students were still fast asleep from long nights of partying. The dorms were quiet; hallways empty except for a handful of students that were not particularly interested in long drinking binges.
Aaron lie awake in his bed, half asleep, half still drunk. His roommate had gone home for the weekend as he normally does. He rolled over and eyed the large digital clock sitting on his desk. It was 11:13. "Wow," he thought. "Half the day is almost over."
Last night was another frat party that seemed like half the campus attended. If you were in search of a big party, with plenty of alcohol and beautiful girls, frat parties were the best bet. Aaron knew that and had found himself there with his circle of friends more often than not. Last night being no exception, Aaron had met an attractive sophomore brunette named Andrea from New Hampshire. They spent most of the night talking, flirting, and enjoying each other's company. They decided to go back to Andrea's apartment together and see where the night went. Aaron was happy with the way the night turned out... for the most part.
Aaron could still smell Andrea's perfume on his body as he smiled and slowly climbed out of bed. He stopped to look at himself in the mirror. He liked to sleep naked when he had the room to himself. At eighteen years old and standing tall at 6'2", Aaron had always had a muscular frame. With barely an ounce of fat on his body and boyish good looks, Aaron never had any issues with the opposite sex. Having just woke up, he sported a half-erection. "Another good one for us last night, buddy" Aaron thought as he admired his large penis. Dangling almost to his knees, it was a sight to be had. Aaron gave it a quick squeeze then decided to get dressed and see what others in the dorm building were up to.

Jessica and Kristen met each other at freshman orientation over the summer. They were both from New York City attending the University on different athletic scholarships. They hit it off immediately sharing a love for sports and outgoing personalities. It made the most sense to live together as they looked to acclimate to life away from home.
Jessica was 19 years old, stood about 5'5" with dirty blonde hair hanging down below her shoulders. She was in excellent shape due to her soccer playing and it showed. Her slim tummy and clearly defined abs were as if she was a bikini model. Her breasts were something that got her a lot of attention from the boys; plump and large, yet perky.
Kristen, age 19, was also in great shape and about the same height as Jessica. She almost always wore her dark brown hair in a pony-tail. Her freckled, Irish face was so adorable that just seeing her smile would make anyone melt. Her breasts, although not as large as Jessica's were ripe and lively. It was Kristen's ass, however, that was really her claim to fame. Being fully aware of this, Kristen was almost always in yoga pants to show off her god-like curves.
Jessica and Kristen's room was in the shape of a "z" and while the design of the room suggested each side be used for each roommates living quarters, it was a popular decision to cram the beds and desks on one side so the other can be entirely living space. Being social butterflies, the girls opted for the second design.
Kristen was already awake and sitting in the living room side munching on some grapes watching TV. She was wearing yoga pants and a loosely fitting white tank top. Sports bra underneath. Both girls had gone to the same frat party last night and didn't get home until 3AM.
Jessica sauntered into the living space wearing short shorts and a purple tank top. Her golden hair hanging down her shoulders.
"What happened last night again?" she asked with a big smile on her face.
"You look like hot death," Kristen observed as she held out her cup of grapes offering them to Jessica.
"How about bacon" suggested Jessica as she walked by and plopped down on the couch.
"So like.." started Kristen "Who was that guy last night that would not stop talking to us?"
"Oh my God. I have NO idea. But he was relentless."
"Yeah," Kristen agreed. "I kind of wish Aaron wasn't so hung up on that girl because he could have saved us."
Jessica nodded, now eating a bagel she had saved from yesterday. "He literally disappeared" she laughed. "We all walked in and GONE."
Kristen laughed "Were you surprised? He's a little hottie."
Just then there was a knock on the door. Kristen got up and walked to the door, her yoga pants leaving nothing to the imagination as she sexily walked towards the door.
"Speak of the devil. We thought you died!"
Standing at the door was Aaron holding a coffee tray with three coffees. Wearing basketball shorts, a tank top, and sandals he was in no better shape than the girls as hangovers started to sink in.
"Coffee?" he asked as he held up the tray.
Kristen took one as she turned and walked back to the living area. Aaron followed behind her admiring the view.
The three of them had developed a great friendship and acted as the nucleus of their extended friend group. Having rooms right across from each other, it was easy to spend a lot of time together. It was not uncommon for them to pre-game before heading out on Friday and Saturday nights. But once they were out, the disappearing act seemed to occur a lot.
"You were plucked immediately, Aaron." Jessica said as she stood up to give him a hug.
"What are you talking about?" Aaron grinned as he knew exactly what she said was true. He sat down on the couch to drink his coffee while Jessica sat down in the chair. Kristen fetched her phone from the other room before sitting next to Aaron on the couch.
"OK..." Kristen slapped her thigh "We want to know. First and foremost... what was her name?"
Aaron let out a big smile and put his hands on his head leaning back. "I honestly don't know" he gave up, forgetting Andrea's name.
Jessica couldn't help but laugh. "Her name is Andrea! She is on my team Aaron."
"Yes! You're right. She was a great girl."
She shook her head smiling. "Well, how did things end up with Andrea?"
"Yes. Details now young man." added Kristen.
"Well we left at like 2? I want to say?... We went back to her apartment off campus. I didn't stay the night." Aaron trailed off, sipping his coffee.
"And?" asked Jessica unsatisfied with the details. "What did you guys do up there?"
Aaron laughed, sensing there was no way out of this without full disclosure. "We did hook up guys, if you must know."
Both girls smiled at one another as they made progress in prying out the story. "Wow, look at you two! And how was the sex, Mr. Romeo?" asked Kristen, starving for more details.
Jessica sat, legs folded neatly beneath her, patiently waiting to hear the story.
"If you must know," started Aaron "We didn't have sex." He casually sipped his coffee again.
Surprised, the girls looked at each other wide eyed. "What happened? Don't tell me you passed out."
"No, no, no, nothing like that" Aaron shook his head. "We tried. We tried many different ways. It was just not going to happen so we settled with... um... other stuff. So it's all good! She's a great girl."
"Wait," started Jessica. Closing her eyes and shaking her head "I'm confused. What do you mean you tried?"
Kristen looked intently at Aaron also awaiting an explanation.
"I mean we tried a bunch of different positions, lube and stuff. But she like... I don't know. She... couldn't... accomodate? I guess is the word."
"Accommodate... you? Like... down there?" asked Jessica.
Aaron, straight faced and looking at Jessica nodded. "Yes. Down there."
Jessica leaned back in her chair. She looked at Kristen. As an Irish girl with fair skin, she couldn't help but blush as the conversation took an interesting turn.
Jessica didn't stop prying. "Is this a normal occurrence with you?" she laughed.
"Kind of." Aaron now laughed and looked down, embarrassed. "Was not the first time."
Kristen felt a tingle. She was getting turned on more than she would have expected by this sudden realization about their friend.
Kristen still blushing red looked at Aaron. "So... like... How big is it though? Like how is this possible?" she laughed as she looked at Jessica after the question.
"Yeah, I didn't know this about you Aaron" added Jessica.
"It's not just that it's long, I think it's cause it's wide. You know?" Aaron said.
Beaming with curiosity, Jessica could now feel her own warmth between her lags. She also crossed her arms for fear everyone could see her nipples as they quickly became erect through her purple top. "But how big?" she asked again. Still not wanting this conversation to end.
Kristen interrupted "Ok ok, Jess. I think we learned enough for one morning. This poor guy here" she said as she clutched Aaron's shoulder.
The conversation was getting so hot, Aaron could feel his erection snaking down his leg. He was bashful, guarded, and painfully embarrassed. But he liked every second of it. He wished the girls would keep asking him questions. He secretly wished they would ask him to show them his penis. He decided to keep the conversation going.
"No, no, it's fine. I don't mind" he laughed. "I honestly don't know. I have never measured it."
Both girls cracked up laughing. Kristen still red and Jessica loving every minute of this.
"I definitely don't believe you, dude." proclaimed Jessica. "Every guy measures it... I think."
"Yeah," added Kristen. "There's no way you don't know."
But it was true. Aaron had no idea. He decided to answer in a different way. "I swear I don't. But I can tell you what it's comparable to." He looked around the room for an item he was sure he'd find.
"Right there" he pointed. "It's basically as wide and a little longer than that"
The girls followed his direction and saw the item he was talking about resting on the coffee table. It was the cable TV remote.
The room filled with silence. Jessica covered her mouth with her hand. Kristen sat wide-eyed staring at the remote. They could not believe what they just heard.
"You are joking." said Kristen, more serious than she'd been all morning. "That is unbelievable."
"I kinda agree," said Jessica. She reached for the remote and held it up. "I am having a hard time imagining this."
At this point, Aaron's erection was full mast. He was doing his best to conceal it using his hands neatly folded in his lap clutching his coffee cup. But it was a task proving far too difficult. Kristen was the first to notice. She looked down at Aaron's crotch and could clearly see the outline of his cock head as it jutted down his right leg. She quickly looked up at Jessica who noticed the same thing.
They giggled as Aaron made a haphazard attempt at covering up.
"Aaron. We have to see this," Jessica demanded as she giggled.
"Yeah, there is no getting out of this one" Kristen added basically talking to Aaron's crotch area.
"You want to see my dick?" asked Aaron directly. "Like right now?"
"Why not?" asked Jessica. "You basically told us what it looks like and that apparently girls can't handle it. So the curiosity is killing me. Show us this famous dong."
All three laughed at her last comment. But as the laughter subsided the pressure remained on Aaron. He looked up at the ceiling, not sure if any of this was really happening. He pondered his next move. Plenty of girls had seen his penis, but never in such a formal exhibitionist manner before. Rather than in the heat of a passionate moment, the girls wanted him to reveal himself and let them inspect his most private of parts. He couldn't believe how turned on he had become from all this.
"Ok... umm... Sure. Why not. I'll show you guys my dick."
Jessica shouted "Yes!" and then leaped up "Wait, hold on." She ran to the door to lock it. "We don't want Courtney or Amy walking in and seeing your loch ness monster in here!" she laughed.
Jessica sat back down in the chair while Kristen stayed right next to Aaron on the couch. The moment had arrived.
Aaron looked at Kristen, then at Jessica, then moved his hands to his waistband. The girls could now see an unobstructed view of his fully erect dick tenting out under his bright red basketball shorts. It was almost comical how far up it went. Aaron intentionally paused for a moment to let the girls get a glimpse.
Kristen had the best view sitting immediately next to Aaron and she let out an audible gasp, covering her mouth in shock. "Wow" was all she could come up with at the moment. Jessica stared in equal amazement. She looked up at Aaron first, then Jessica, and immediately back to Aaron's towering erection. "Holy shit."
Aaron couldn't help but laugh as he said "Yep." He then took a deep breath, placed his thumbs under his waistband, and pulled down his shorts and boxers at once.
His enormous dick seemed relieved to be free, as it sprung up forcefully slapping against his stomach with a loud THWACK. Aaron took his member by the base and pushed it forward so his audience could see the finished product in its best position.
The room was filled with a deafening silence. Both girls stared intently at the biggest, fattest, most glorious penis they have ever laid eyes on. Standing tall, at least 9 inches in length, it pulsed and throbbed with excitement. Precum oozed from the top like a dormant, angry geyser ready to burst. Veins ran prominently throughout its length. At the base, hung two heavy, egg-shaped, engorged testicles.
Aaron continued to hold his oversized dick from the base. He was aching for release as the two beautiful girls sat in silence staring at his penis.
"Oh my god" Kristen quietly said to herself as she quickly realized that it was out loud and not in the privacy of her own head. She repositioned herself awkwardly smiling at Jessica.
"Oh my god is right. That thing... That thing is amazing. I am literally mesmerized. No wonder she couldn't have sex with you!"
The three laughed casually. Kristen remained fixated on Aaron's dick. She nonchalantly brushed her hair back behind her ear using her index finger. Jessica crossed her right leg over her left and leaned in to get a closer look. She then thought of an idea. "Kristen, grab the remote. Let's see how he compares!"
Kristen reached for the remote and then handed it towards Aaron. Aaron looked at it, then her, and asked "You want to hold it up next to it and see?"
"You mean I hold it?" she asked, surprised. Aaron nodded. "Ummm.. ok, sure. Ok, let's see here."
Kristen held the remote at first a few inches away from Aaron's dick. Realizing this was not going to yield a good result, she moved it closer until it was physically touching his throbbing cock.
"Holy shit" muttered Jessica. "Aaron you are not kidding. That thing is huge! It's literally the size of the remote. It's actually bigger. Look at that!" she said as she stood up and leaned over to get an up close and personal look.
She was right. His penis was so big that it seemingly dwarfed the TV remote in both length and girth. Aaron took note and even he was impressed with how big his dick was.
It was then that Jessica noticed Aaron's equally impressive balls hanging down between his legs. "Kristen, look! His balls are huge too! Oh my God you are insane!"
Kristen leaned forward so she could see his balls. She looked over at Jessica nodding in approval: "Very impressive."
Jessica now sat back down, legs crossed again, her cute bare foot bouncing in the air. "Well, I have to say. You are something else, Aaron. I definitely don't blame Andrea. I'm not sure I would have been able to take that."
Kristen laughed and nodded "Same! Oh my God. How can anyone even think about taking that?! No.. no way" she said as she shook her head in disbelief.
All the while as the girls chatted, Aaron mindlessly stroked his dick slowly. It was as if the girls didn't even notice he was legitimately masturbating in front of them. No one seemed to mind at all. Kristen and Jessica's eyes continued glued to Aaron's penis in fascination, amazement, and of course arousal.
Kristen was completely wet now. She knew it and her face told the story that was invisible from the others. She couldn't help but stare at Aaron stroking his dick and imagine what it would be like to hold it herself, or suck it, or even better; try and take his length inside her holiest of holies.
Jessica felt the same way. She and Kristen shared plenty of mischievous glances at one another, both thinking the same thing...
"Do you come a lot?" Jessica asked bluntly and seriously. She desperately wanted to keep this going and she knew Aaron was completely into it. "Your dick looks like it's crying for release."
Aaron laughed as he increased his stroking and simply said "I do. It does" while looking down at his own dick.
Kristen looked around the room "We don't have a towel or anything," she giggled. "Just... umm... be careful I guess?"
Aaron then placed both hands on his dick and stroked up and down, placing special focus on massaging his head each time. "Damn, this couch is so uncomfortable, my balls keep getting in the way."
Jessica looked at Kristen, then at Aaron. "Kristen, I think that's your cue. You have the better position."
Kristen couldn't believe it. She was going to get to touch him?! She shrugged and reached out her petite hand. She had just gotten a fresh manicure with bright red nail polish. Happily, she cupped his huge testicles as he feverishly stroked his pole.
"Whoa looks like you're gonna need two hands to hold them up." Jessica observed from her chair.
Obediently, Kristen held the other testicle in her other hand. "There we go" she said, satisfied.
Aaron's breathing now increased rapidly as he neared his release. His penis was so hard it felt like a stone rod. Precum oozed and oozed, creating a seemingly unlimited supply of lubricant.
"Unhh... Uh... I'm getting close, guys" was all he could say.
Jessica and Kristen watched intently. They both looked at Aaron jerking himself off with lust in their eyes, thirst for his penis, and a desire to get themselves off.
Jessica looked up at Aaron and saw it in his eyes. "Oh god, Kristen. He's gonna cum. He's definitely gonna cum right now!"
With that, Aaron suddenly stopped his stroking at his dick base. His fingers pausing over Kristen's hands. After what seemed like forever, the first burst dribbled out his cock head and down the shaft onto he and Kristen's hands. Jessica let out a gasp in anticipation.
The next burst of bright white, creamy ejaculate shot way up about 6 feet in the air. Both girls screamed in excitement. It landed right back down on Aaron's chest. Before they could react another equally copious shot went up. This one landed on the coffee table.
"Oh my god!! Aaron!" Jessica shouted out covering her mouth with her hand. "That one went all over the table!"
There was no stopping this. Aaron continued to moan as his monstrous prick unloaded yet another uninterrupted rope of semen, this one landing on Kristen's thigh and arm. She jolted back, releasing his balls, and holding her hands up as if to say "That wasn't me!"
Aaron wasn't done. He grunted like a wild animal as three, four, five more spurts came out.
"Jesus! JESUS! Aaron, does this thing stop?!" shouted Jessica as she looked around at the mess being created before her eyes.
"I have never seen anything like this in my life." said Kristen, matter-of- factly.
Aaron's mighty penis had finally relented and stopped spewing. He held it firmly in his hand still. Covered in cum, it began to slowly shrink in size.  
"I have to say," started Jessica. "I have never in my life seen a penis that big, balls that huge, and then to top it all," she inhaled deeply to catch her breath "a goddamn explosion like that!"
Kristen looked down at her own hands, covered in Aaron's seed, the coffee table, Aaron's shirt, the couch. "Look you guys! It is EVERYWHERE! It's like an all out explosion of cum!" she giggled.
Everyone laughed. Aaron sat back in the couch. His penis while completely soft, still hung lazily down his thigh. He noticed Jessica was still openly staring at it.
"Anyone hungry?" asked Aaron looking at each girl.
"Yes," said Jessica.
"Absolutely," Kristen agreed. "But seriously, you need to help us clean this up!"
Aaron reluctantly putting his dick back in his pants helped the two girls clean up the massive amount of come and they all continued to the dining hall to have lunch.
In the back of their minds, the three of them knew this was not going to be the end. And everyone was quite alright with that.