The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 18- The Company

When the Anderson’s Arrived on Saturday night, Mrs. Jenkins had encouraged Jenna to stay out of the room for a few minutes and let them explain it their guests. Then, after the explanation, she’d call Jenna to come into the room. The plan sounded good to Jenna, she figured that wouldn’t shock anyone too bad and it would give her time to gather courage.

Once again, Jenna was faced with a new experience along this journey. She would be exposing herself to people she knew, people who had known her since she was a small child, people who weren’t her peers or teachers, just friends…

No. Saying the Andersons were just friends was a misnomer. They were truly extended family. Neither of her parents had siblings, so they were and had been Aunt Beth and Uncle Jim for as long as Jenna knew them. They had been to Christmas with them more than once and had even vacationed together a few times.

These were not just friends and they were about to see Jenna naked in a social setting for the first time. This was going to be different. It was going to be difficult because it was like she was telling her parents all over again. What if they didn’t support this decision? What if they didn’t get it or approve of it? This could be a relationship altering event. …and Jenna was worried, but she finally understood that to be different from nervous. She was finally getting that some of what she was feeling was not connected to her and her state of undress, but more how that interacted with the people around her.

Like earlier in the day, she really had no problem with going outside naked. That was okay for her, but how would people react to that? At what point would it become embarrassing for her?

Her “nerves” only took over when the cop showed up…when the HOA President was there.

All the negative reactions of the people walking by weren’t a problem, there were no consequences. At that moment, she’d been seen. She could be seen by anyone now the opinions of random strangers didn’t mean much overall.

…but these people were family and there were stakes to her exploding into the room tits, ass and pussy out.

When the doorbell rang, Jenna’s heart was racing. Upstairs in her room, she could hear them come in. The muffled conversations below. Nothing sounded out of the ordinary. …but until she was called down, Jenna knew she wouldn’t have an answer.

Then, at just under 5 minutes from when they arrived, Jenna’s mother called her to join them downstairs. She rose from the bed where she had been sitting, took a look in the mirror to make sure everything was still good. The mirror, where she had taken such a naughty selfie and sent to Jacob earlier, was a place where Jenna had started to become accustomed to seeing her own naked body. That was a strange turn of events for her, but she smiled and strolled out of the room.

Her feet walked purposefully and well-paced down the carpeted hallway to the steps, where she glided down the stairs. Each step made her tingle with worry and spark with the kind of nervousness of the unknown that Jenna was starting to understand fully. Each movement bringing her closer to the room where she would be fully revealed to Aunt Beth and Uncle Jim.

…and then she was there. Naked. Completely. In front of these two people who had known her forever, and her parents who had known her longer.

As Jenna entered the room, there was applause. The Anderson’s started it and her parents joined in. It made her blush. Her first thoughts made her recoil a smidgeon, but then she embraced it. For an actress and dancer like her, this was somehow the most appropriate response.

When it subsided after a moment, the two pulled her in and hugged her. Beth Anderson was overbrimming with pride, telling Jenna how brave she was and how strong she was going to have to be. Jim was also bubbling with pride and echoing his wife’s thoughts. Adding that Jenna had become such a beautiful young woman and her parents should be proud as well.

They asked Jenna to step back so they could get a good look at her, which she found strange since they had just spent a moment looking at her and clapping.

Aunt Beth mentioned the freckles first, which always gave Jenna a warm feeling. Uncle Jim fixated on her legs, which was also a point of pride for a dancer like Jenna.

There was nothing but joy in the room. Jenna’s own parents stood to the side and smiled with happiness, love and support.

After a few moments the conversation turned towards the Fundraiser itself, the show that they were hoping to do, Jenna’s colleges and the future. By the time dinner was served, the conversation wasn’t about Jenna anymore. It was sports and work and hobbies. Barely any of them mentioned that Jenna was naked. She, herself, was barely paying much attention to it. The plan her parents had hatched to help her was definitely helping.

Apart from Uncle Jim getting a little frisky at the end of the night and squeezing her ass during the goodbye hug, everything was as it should have been. Even that Jenna didn’t mind as much as she probably should have. It could have been worse. He had been drinking some wine during the evening, so it was probably nothing. Uncle Jim had been admonished by the other adults, of course, and Aunt Beth, his wife, was likely to scold him more in the car… but in the end, it was a harmless moment.

As Jenna settled down for bed shortly after the family was alone, she was smiling from a good day that had made her happy. A quiet day that, while filled with many different emotions, didn’t drain her emotionally like the previous day.

Jenna snuggled her naked body in her blankets and pondered the past two days…and she looked towards tomorrow. Her father always had a few of his friends over to watch football. She usually wasn’t there in the room with them the whole time, but part of the time. Could she do that with a bunch of excited men and be comfortable as she was tonight with family and close friends?

Only time would tell…


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 19- The Gift

Waking up Sunday morning was about as enjoyable as waking up on Saturday morning for Jenna. She didn’t have anywhere to be right away, as her mom was still allowing her to be on “summer break” from church. Jenna was okay with that, she’s not sure the congregation was prepared for a naked girl in Church. There might have been an uptick in heart attacks if she did.

Different than Saturday, dad was the one who was out shopping when she got up. Her mom was doing some cooking for the game and gladly made Jenna some bacon and eggs for her breakfast.

As she waited for her food, Jenna popped over to the Fundraiser website and checked her email to see if there had been any changes. The website was still there, which she took as a good sign. There was an email however and Jenna became concerned…

“Dear Students, Staff, Faculty and Parents;

We have looked into the matter of the proposed “Nude Fundraiser.” It was not started or developed under the power of Mr. McGuffin, the former principal of Kentucky Central High School. The concept was brought to the former principal and the school board by Mr. Elba, the drama teacher. His background check and record show him to be an upstanding citizen and therefore believe this event was planned with the best of intentions.

The board has also done some fact checking and looked at fundraisers done by other organizations in this school and others. While this fundraiser is a step over a line that has not been crossed before specifically in this school, it has been nearly embraced by bikini carwashes, sexy calendars, and the ‘home chore-a-thon’ run by the ROTC in 2016- which was investigated for potential charges in solicitation and prostitution. Some colleges in West Virginia, Florida and Ohio have offered fundraisers akin to this one.

Another thing that has been discussed, this is a co-ed fundraiser and involves both boys and girls. It is therefore not targeting a specific gender.

Lastly, the students are not being forced to do this against their will. Only students with signed permission forms will be participating. They and their parents know what they are getting into.

The point being, we see no reason to stop this. The Fundraiser will go on as scheduled tomorrow. Your only recourse if you do not want to see the students naked for the majority of the day is to not participate in donating to the cause. If no money is donated, the kids will end up in their clothes by first period.

Having said that, we have asked the technologies class to update the website with better tracking for each individual student, so you as a parent can see how much your student is going to be wearing. At the behest of several community leaders, we will open the online donations at 7pm tonight.

We have also asked several Sexual Assault Counselors to be available for the students tomorrow and will treat any incidents with serious consequences.

We the board, look forward to a good fundraiser for the drama club. We have all decided to be at the school tomorrow for the students.”

And there it was. The fundraiser would happen. That was a jolt energy that Jenna definitely needed.

She talked excitedly with her mother while she ate. She discusses things she was excited to be doing in school while naked, like actually doing scenes in the drama class. She talked about things she really didn’t want to do while being naked, gym class was most likely going to be awkward. She brought up teachers she was worried would treat them different like Mr. Riley and Mr. Morris. Jenna mentioned teachers like Mrs. Apgar and the attendance Clerk Ms. Carol who had shown support and concern for the students.

Mrs. Jenkins was happy to see that Jenna was considering both the positive and the negative; that her daughter had sensed some red flags and knew who to watch out for. …like all mothers, she was curious about one little aspect… “So, are there any boys you are excited will get to see you naked?”

Jenna blushed. She thought about Ezra for a moment…and Mike and Dennis. None of them she was overly keen on seeing her completely naked, but all of them created some kind of flash of excitement she supposed. Ezra more than the others, if she were being entirely truthful. No words came out, Jenna just shook her somewhat flushed face in an affirmative manner.

Her mother pressed on… “any girls?”

Jenna’s eyes went wide and her embarrassment meter tripped further. She blurted out “OMG Mom!” …but in the laughter that followed she kind of settled on the answer in her head, yes.

Yes, there were girls she wanted to see her naked. She was hoping that Sarah would see her fully naked for the first time and that would give her courage. She was thinking about her friends Kenzie and Livie who had already seen her naked during a rather naughty game of truth or dare. Kenzie had been pretty complimentary of Jenna’s body, and her hands had been slightly more electric than Jenna had expected that night. In a way, she even wanted Lauren to see her in the nude, to see the power and agency she had over her own body. Jenna left the question virtually unanswered except for her initial blurt. …but her mom could see it in her eyes.

“So,” her mother ventured once more. “Are there any boys or girls you’re looking forward to seeing naked?” This ended with a full-on laugh from both.

As the laugh ended and a small bit of silence permitted Jenna to get her final bite of eggs onto her fork, she simply stated “yes.” And finished off her meal.

Jenna put her plate in the dishwasher at her mother’s request and then headed back upstairs. “I better get a little cleaned up before the guys come over.”

Mrs. Jenkins stopped her for a moment. “Honey,” she said to her daughter, “On my bed is a package for you. I got it yesterday. I don’t want you to use it all now, but if it will help, you can some of it.”

Jenna offered her thanks, gave her mother a hug, and headed upstairs to see what was in the package.

In her parent’s bedroom, Jenna easily found the gift. It was basket her mother had prepared with all kinds of beauty products for her skin, fresh razor and shaving supplies, a few bath bombs and some soothing bubble soap. Jenna was so happy at such a thoughtful and supportive gift from her mom, she turned to go downstairs and give her hug again…but when she turned her mom was already there.

“We have the bigger tub in our bathroom, honey. You can use that now if you’d like…and later tonight too, if you want.” Her mother offered.

Jenna enveloped her in a big warm and thankful hug. There were even tears. Today was turning out great.

Jenna took the basket and headed to her parent’s bathroom with the bigger tub. Since her outfit for the day was her skin, it was time to do the laundry.

As she lowered her body into the water a little while later, she was glad she had parents who supported this wild silly fundraiser. She thought for a few moments about Sarah and Carly…and some of the other theater girls. She hoped they had parents even half as supportive as hers.

Jenna’s thoughts changed slightly as she heard her dad downstairs and the doorbell rang with the first guest. She figured she could stay in the tub for a while, let a few more folks arrive before venturing downstairs into the crowd of men wearing nothing but a smile.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 20- The Touchdown

When Jenna finally emerged from the tub and the bathroom, she went downstairs wrapped in the towels from the tub. She checked with her mom. Since they had discussed and planned her entrance with the Anderson’s the previous night, she wasn’t she if there was or should be a plan this afternoon. Her mother would also know the temperament of the guys there already. If it would be best that Jenna not even appear, that wouldn’t be out of the ordinary.

Her father had the guys over most weekends during the football season…and race season before that…and sometimes for basketball. Never for baseball or hockey. If Jenna was home, she usually came down and joined the group for a while, but not always. Sports really weren’t her thing, but she did like to hang around with her dad while enjoyed the games. It helped her bond with him.

She entered the kitchen where her mom was reading a magazine and surprised her. “Jenna, I haven’t seen you this covered since Friday!” she laughed.

“Who’s out there?” Jenna asked. “Besides dad.”

“Mark Whatley, Hank Turner, and Phil Flynn. The regulars.” Her mom answered.

Whatley was married to his second wife and had a two-year-old son at home. Hank had never married and was a confirmed old bachelor at this point. He’d had plenty of girlfriends over the years, but nothing lasting more than a month or three. Phillip Flynn was Mike’s father, so he lived very close. All 4 of the guys, including Mr. Jenkins had worked at the Wiesup Insurance Company. Her father and Phil were the only two who still worked there, but that’s how they all met.

“Do you think I should go out there?” Jenna inquired. “How have the games been going?”

“Well, mostly good yelling so far… but it’s up to you if you are going to out there.” Mrs. Jenkins stated. “You probably should, just for a few minutes… but be careful Hank’s single again. He might make a pass at you.” She continued with a wink.

Jenna’s sigh was loaded with mock disgust and the two shared a giggle.

“Did dad say anything to them?” Jenna asked as she peered into the room.

“May have, I don’t know,” was her mom’s answer and it didn’t really help.

“Okay.” Jenna said and she started walking into the living room where the game was playing and 4 older men were shouting, talking and drinking beer.

“Jenna,” Mrs. Jenkins called out… “Your towels?”

The younger Jenkins looked back with a grin. “They’ll come off in a minute. Don’t worry mom, I’ll get naked for them.”

Her mother watched her go, suddenly wondering if they’d created a monster. …but also wondering where her daughter got all this courage.

Jenna appeared wrapped in her towels, one on her body and one on her hair, at the doorway to the living room.

“Who’s winning?” She asked the assembled men. They all turned to see her…and she let the body towel drop.

All 4 men were staring right at her. As the ref’s whistles could be heard emanating from the television and the commentator shouted touch down.

The sounds from the television were barely enough to pull their attention back to the game, as Jenna moved into the room fully, removing the towel from her hair and tossing her body on an open part of the couch. They still hadn’t answered her question.

“I was wondering if you’d be joining us.” Her father stated, breaking the ice. “Phil, I’m sure you’ve heard about the fundraiser at the school. Have you two?”

The other men shook their heads to denote a negative response, so Jenna leaned up to explain. All 3 listened as she talked about it, and Mr. Jenkins jumped in at the end to illuminate the reason she was naked now.

“I think I need another beer,” claimed Hank as he walked out of the room towards the kitchen.

“So, before I came in there was a game on, I think?” Jenna giggled and spoke.

“Yes, yes,” said Phil as the three turned their attention from the beautiful naked teenager to the television.

George Jenkins’ view stayed on his daughter a little longer, and he gave her a supportive smile and approving wink, before returning his gaze to the television.

Jenna spent the better part of two hours in the room with the guys. Eating some chips and dip, shouting and pumping her arms in the air at the right times, she even made a big show about leaning forward on the couch with her legs spread for a while. She was playing a role once more. She was the football loving girlfriend. The men were eating it up. She didn’t know the stats so conversation was a bust, but she knew how to move…and they loved everything she did.

She noted they really watched her more than the game and realized this was probably most like how the boys were going to act tomorrow.

At about that two-hour mark, Jenna had her fill. She had gotten from the experience about everything she needed. She knew she could do it. She knew she could stay among them if she wanted. She knew which actions she took to garner the most attention. She had gotten good information from this crowd. She didn’t need to be here anymore.

Jenna walked into the kitchen with her mother and said she was going back upstairs to watch some television, but she stayed for a few more meatballs. It was just enough time for Hank to wander into the kitchen for another beer. As Mrs. Jenkins pulled one out of the fridge for him, he put his hand on Jenna’s back.

“You’re 18 now, right Jenna?” He asked.

“I am,” she said and pointedly continued with a strength that said no, “But I’m out of your league.”

Her mother handed him his beer and smiled at her daughter. Hank’s hand left her naked body and he retreated back into the living room.

“You handled that well, honey.” Jenna’s mom exclaimed.

“Thanks.” Jenna replied. “I’m really beginning to think I’m ready for tomorrow.”

“I think so too.”

Jenna smiled and started for the stairs, she stopped… “Mom,” she cast her eyes downward…looking nervous, “Mom, could you come tuck me in tonight?”

She looked at her daughter. Given everything over the last few days and all the future planning that had been going on throughout the summer. It had been easy to forget that she was still a girl and not a woman. She still needed or wanted certain things from her mother. Mrs. Jenkins hoped with all her heart that those wants and needs never left. “Certainly, my dear.”

“Thanks Mom. I love you.” And with that Jenna went up to her room, still naked; still happy; still her mommy’s girl.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 21- The Donations Begin

Settled in her bedroom, since she was done being naked in front of the men watching football, Jenna decided to take another selfie. This one wasn’t meant for Jacob and her intention was not to make it naughty, just a simple nude…for Mike.

Jenna had started to feel a little guilty that Mike’s dad had seen her in the nude, but Mike hadn’t. It wasn’t really a crime and Mike hadn’t…well, apart from sitting with her as secret protection at the pep rally, Mike hadn’t done anything to earn anything special. Jenna decided that didn’t matter. He’d probably already looked at the website and seen the photos, it wouldn’t be anything new. …but she would make it for him, out of some strange feeling of penance.

She knew Mike had seen her dancing before, and not just in the shows. Because their fathers were friends, Mike had been to some of the ballet shows, not so much the recitals, but some of the shows. Jenna thought about that and decided to be a little cheeky. She pulled on a pair of her pointe shoes.

She tried a few moves and settled on a pose that would be very revealing, but difficult. She tossed her leg up and balanced it on the wall. She was en pointe on one foot, the other balanced against the wall, her legs spread in an obtuse angle. She thrust her arm out as far as it would go and she snapped a pic.

Jenna did this about 4 times to get the photo just right; no blur or movement. When she was satisfied, she sent it to Mike, “Just for you, because your father’s seen it. Please don’t share.”

And she thought for a second and sent another message, “You can share it with Dennis, but that’s it.” Jenna had realized she didn’t have Dennis’s number. Mike was probably going to share it with him anyway because of how close those two were, why put him in a position where he was going to break the rules?

Smiling at herself and this little exhibitionist that she thought she was becoming, she shed her pointe shoes and plopped down on her bed. Jenna ventured to the website for the fundraiser again. It was a little after 7pm now, and the ability for people to donate had begun. She was curious if there had been any activity already.

Of course, there had.

Jenna was surprised, but she really shouldn’t have been. At about 10 minutes past 7pm, the overall Fundraiser had already earned $3,470. That was big deal for such a short amount of time. She checked her individual profile and found her current level was $155. That guaranteed she’d be naked for the full day on Monday. She had to wonder why people kept donating to her after she’d hit the magic number. She checked on Carly and Sarah and Jacob and they were all over the $100 point. At least Jenna wouldn’t be alone. She kept checking friends and other kids and they were all over the magic number for nudity.

In the end only 40 kids had been listed participants…and every single one of them would spend the entire school day on Monday naked. …and that was all before 7:30, before the kids in school could donate. $7,000 when Jenna closed the website.

Its really going to happen, she thought. She had to admit it made her more excited than nervous now.

She wandered downstairs to tell her mom and get a drink… and when she got back to her room, she had two messages on her phone…

One from Mike, “You’re prettier naked than I ever imagined you. Thank You.”

And one from unknown number, “Those freckles are the bomb!” She assumed it was Dennis and made sure she saved his number.

At least she was a hit with the people she knew well. How her naked body would go over with others remained to be seen.

She started to worry a little about the Cheerleaders. Sure, she was no longer their primary target, but she had been their target. If Lauren had a chance to defend herself, Jenna may be their enemy again… She’d have to be vigilant for aggressive actions, but she wasn’t going to have to worry about whether they would expose her, her drama teacher had already assured that was happening.

Jenna looked at the time and figured she was still good to go, she made her way to her parent’s bedroom again and drew another bath. This time she was going to take the time to shave her pussy and really clean her skin, exfoliate and repair blemishes.

As the water was nearing the point where Jenna was going to get in, Mrs. Jenkins entered and offered to help, and Jenna accepted the offer.

She felt pampered and loved with each moment and task during the bath. Her mother was so gentle when it came to the shaving and Jenna felt that it was a cleaner and smoother shave than she would have done herself. The bath was so exquisite for Jenna, an almost out of body experience…

The two talked and laughed. They bonded deeper than they had in a long time. She even found herself talking about what happened with Max over the summer. …but Jenna stopped short of talking about Friday. There may be a time for that story, but it wasn’t today.

When the bath was finished, it was time for Jenna to go to bed. Her mother’s word was golden and she tucked her naked daughter into bed. She kissed her forward and wished her pleasant dreams.

…and Jenna’s dreams were pleasant. She was prepared and ready for tomorrow. There was no question it was going to happen. The only variables were the people…and people will always be the variable.

She drifted off with a smile on her face. The weekend had been good, her parents had been right and tomorrow Jenna would prove to the school that she was brave as well as talented, that she had the ability to make her dreams come true- even if the circumstances were bad. Monday would prove to her that she could be a success. …And then Tuesday, life would go back to normal.

But Monday would be special and she wasn’t going to have to wait much longer.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 22- The Morning Of...

Jenna woke up early Monday. She had intended to sleep in, but something had startled her awake and the excitement of the day kept her from falling back to sleep. Having had two baths the day before, she opted for a quick shower, and then spent some time rubbing lotion into her skin. It probably took a little longer than tugging on an outfit, but she didn’t mind at all. Somehow this act made her feel prettier, sexier than even her most risqué outfit.

She opted to skip breakfast for several different reasons, none of which her mother objected too. She did drink a cup of milk and most of a bottle of water before giving her body one more look see in the mirror.

Her mother also gave her a once over to make sure that everything was as it should be, and it was.

While she knew because of the donation level, that no clothes would be needed at school, Jenna’s mom encouraged her daughter to toss an outfit in her bag or her car just in case. Jenna agreed to that and chose something simple, leggings and a shirt.

She put on her pink pair of crocs to drive to school in. Sometimes Jenna thought having nothing on their feet was awkward and dangerous. At the very least allowing the students to wear flip flops or something like that for safety reasons felt like it might have been a good idea. …But the nude fundraiser required complete nudity.

Jenna grabbed her car keys and headed out to school a little early. She did think about riding the bus again, but she wanted to be fully in control today. The bus would have been a distraction.

Arriving at school, she sat in her car an extra minute or two. She hadn’t thought she’d need to summon the courage to go in, but now that the moment was here, she did. There was barely anyone there yet, a smattering of cars in the parking lot, a few early students milling about. The first of the buses had yet to arrive. This is what Jenna wanted. She was as ready as she was going to be and exited her car. She did leave her crocs on as she walked in, knowing she’d stash them at the appropriate time in her locker or cubby in the drama room.

As she walked across the parking lot, she could feel the eyes looking at her. There weren’t many, as she planned, but they were there and they were all looking. She felt nervous in a new way. But why? This is what she expected. She knew people would be looking. She was ready for this. She felt comfortable, but still the unknown and anonymous eyes that she felt looking at her. Some from inside the school, some from in cars, some from the sidewalks, and even some from now slowly moving passing cars were taking an interest in her every move.

She started walking a little faster, not meaning too, but she did. These first few moments weren’t going to set the tone for the day, that would come in homeroom, but Jenna still wished she was doing a little better with it.

Her hand finally reached the door of the school, and as she wrapped her fingers around it, she felt how cold it was. It sent a shiver through her naked body.

Her footfalls on the tile floor felt strange to her. She knew she was naked, her skin tingled at every sensation, the lights, the change in temperature and air flow as she walked by opened or closed classrooms, the sudden warmth as she walked by other students and people in the hallway…she knew she was naked and she stood tall, but her feet were betraying her. Perhaps wearing the shoes was a bad idea after all. It somehow changed the experience. While her mind knew she was naked, her body knew otherwise.

Jenna stopped and slid her shoes off. Without making a big deal of things and without checking her surroundings, she bent down to pick up her pink crocs. That’s when she heard the first camera.

Again…this is something she knew would happen. There was no doubt in her mind that it was going to happen, but now that it was all her resolve cracked at least slightly. She stopped feeling naked and started feeling exposed.

She turned towards the sound of the camera, and smiled at the student with his phone out. “You want a frontal shot?” Jenna asked.

“Ya…yes…” the student stammered.

Jenna had never seen this boy before. She may have seen him, but didn’t know him. Probably a freshman or a sophomore. She posed for two more photos, nothing untoward. Just standard posing. Once again, her ability to take her agency back made the photos feel less invasive.

She smiled at him as he thanked her. She took a mental picture of the tent in his pants and Jenna moved on towards the drama room.

She passed Alex in the hallway, another drama club student. He was dressed. …But she felt positive his picture had been on the website. “Waiting for your cue, Alex?” she asked.

“Yeah, I guess. Mom said to wait until the last minute.” He commented back to his naked peer.

“My mom told me to put on a show.” She said with a wink and a spin…before continuing on her way. She giggled to herself as she walked. Her mother hadn’t said anything of the sort, but it made Jenna feel good to say it.

In a way, Jenna was starting to feel that character she had started to visualize on Thursday creep in. Maybe, the actress in her needed to feel that character to make the day work? She hadn’t needed it all weekend, but now…the audience was bigger, the character needed to be bigger. It was all a way to deflect the nerves.

She entered the drama room. There were already several students inside, mostly still dressed. Jenna wasn’t, and their heads all turned to her.

She smiled at the smattering of applause. Setting down her bag, she took several exaggerated bows, changing direction with each one so that all the students got a look. She came up from her last bow to see Mr. Elba walking towards her…with Hank Turner.

The embarrassment and confusion rushed into Jenna’s face and body, she tried to cover up a little…

“Mr. Turner here is one of Sexual Abuse Counselors that are required to be here today.” Began the teacher, “I understand you know him.”

Jenna sheepishly admitted that she did.

“Good. I’m hoping you can make the other students feel more comfortable to talk to him if things get out of control today.” The director explained.

“I’m very eager to talk to any of the students who may need my special touch.” Hank Turner added.

Jenna’s face was that of a deer caught in the headlights. She had no idea that when he left Weisup Insurance he had gone into counseling. If her father knew, he’d never mentioned it. This was a truly awkward moment. Jenna wondered if he knew last night when she was there…when he was at her house, did he know then that he would be here? …She shook off the question as irrelevant. He’s here now and she wasn’t sure what to do with him.

“I’ll try.” She weakly answered and started to walk away.

Mr. Elba headed over to speak to a different student, while Mr. Turner tried to continue his conversation with Jenna.

“You know, I think today is going to be a lot of fun, but it needs to be safe too. I’m here to make people feel safe, Jenna.” He spoke as she walked away.

She turned and looked at him for a second, and then continued towards the stage itself. He certainly didn’t make her feel safe.

A small voice chirped Jenna’s name as she turned the corner onto the stage. It was Sarah. Jenna looked at her new friend, the blonde freshman with the pixie cut and the coin slot pussy. Sarah was barely dressed, just an electric bikini on her pale body and heels on her feet.

Jenna smiled at her. “Quite an outfit Sarah.”

“It comes off easy,” winked the younger girl.

“Prove it.” Jenna said and folded her arms to watch how the freshman responded.

Sarah didn’t bat an eye. One hand dropped the bottoms while the other worked on getting the top off. Within 30 seconds, Sarah was picking her bikini off the floor. Other students had seen and watched this. Sarah’s actions received applause. …and Jenna stepped in to hug the little naked girl.

“I’m so proud of you, Sarah.” Jenna stated brightly. “When I met you on Friday, I really wasn’t sure if you truly had this in you.”

“Thank You.” Said Sarah through some tiny tears.

“Let’s get your stuff in a cubby,” directed Jenna as she broke the hug and two walked towards the cubby wall.

Jacob entered the room at the other side while two girls slid their shoes and other items into their labelled spaces. He shouted to the class as he whipped off his shirt “Let’s get naked!”

His voice was loud enough to be heard in the hall where a crowd had started to gather to peer in. They cheered at his words. Some of the other students started to comply and began stripping, but not all.

Mr. Elba tried to get control of the room, Hank Turner standing by his side. “Kids, folks…” His arms raised to silence the room. “We have about 20 minutes before you have to go into your home room. You should start to undress now, if you haven’t already. Take your time and get comfortable. The dressing rooms and make-up are available for you if you need. Everyone should have a cubby. I’ll have some instructions, thoughts and information for the group in ten minutes. So…just be calm, get comfortable…and... Jacob… Please close that door!”

There was an audible groan from the kids outside the drama room as a now half-dressed Jacob closed the door.

Jenna still hadn’t fully processed how she was going to deal with Mr. Turner being there. She looked around at the kids, probably about 2/3 of the Drama Club was present. She was missing a few key people she had seen on the website last night. Carly was one of them.

Most of the kids from her drama classes were there. The freshman girl Cassie was missing and she didn’t see Garrett… but there were a lot of kids in the room already, maybe she was just missing them.

There was a flurry of activity in the room, as a few students were still arriving, and the ones already in the room were mostly undressing. A few holdouts still had their clothes on and Jenna was starting to circulate as President of the Drama Club to coax the students out of their clothes. This was never a role she thought she would be in, but it had to happen. She, more than most, knew that this fundraiser was the only way to do a musical this year. She had already seen the early numbers, last night, the donations already topping over $7000. This fundraiser was going to work…and that meant every student here needed to get naked.

Jacob started helping with the hold outs, much to Jenna’s relief and it seemed to be working. With less than 10 minutes to go, just one or two of the students were still dressed. Garrett and Carly had arrived. …and a new adult stepped in the room, a very severe looking woman whose face would never be convicted of looking like it experienced an ounce of joy.

Mr. Elba clapped his hands to get everyone’s attention. “Students…Students… This is the new Acting Principal Mrs. Ritaworth. I think she has something to say…”

“You’re damn right I do.” She shouted to the Drama director. “Look, kids. This is the stupidest most asinine fundraiser I’ve ever seen. I’d have stopped it in a heartbeat if they’d let me. But the school board, like this school, is made up of a bunch of filthy perverts who are looking to debase and defile the lot of you. You seem to be willing to let that happen…so I say ‘Fuck it.’ You’re going to get touched, photographed, called names, and lord knows what else today. You have two people you can blame for anything that happens. Your parents and your teacher Mr. Elba. So…keep that in mind, my door is closed to you today. CLOSED. Don’t bring your whiney complaints to me. Capiche?”

Jaws had dropped all over the room, even Mr. Elba was floored. There was an undercurrent of fear now…

“I’ll take your silence as understanding. Get your fucking clothes off and get to your home rooms. The Tardy system will still be in place.” The acting principal barked and exited the room, slamming the door as she went.

Jenna suddenly felt like a criminal in her own school. She hoped Mr. Elba’s words would make things better… but she’d lost fast in the man. She could hear tears from some of the students. All the confidence building she and Jacob had done was squashed. Even Sarah looked lost and confused.

There was work to be done to get things back on track…and very little time in which to do that work.


23