Conveniently, they had found that in the end there was no need for any big announcement or even really for them to publicly ‘come out’; except to the rest of the posse. Lister and Rimmer had discussed it, and decided that even if they kept it back from the rest of the village for the time being, they were going to have to tell the others what was happening between them. They’d arranged for everyone to come over one night, and had eventually invited Ethan as well; he’d rapidly become a close friend to the pair and they thought he deserved to know too. 

The Cat had found it hard enough coming to terms with the fact that Rimmer was effectively still alive and had been living as Ace for eighteen months; and he’d barely recovered from the shock of that revelation when Lister and Rimmer had dropped their bombshell. While they waited for him to regain consciousness, they’d talked things over with the others. Kryten was shocked, perhaps mildly disapproving, but he could see that they were happy and - at the end of the day – that was enough for him. He would just need time to get used to it. Kriss had also been shocked, almost angrily so; although she admitted to Lister some time later that, deep down, she had suspected something, she just hadn’t wanted to admit it. But a lot of her reaction had just been plain hurt; that they’d not told her right away what was going on but also – as Rimmer had guessed – because she was still in love with Lister. 

She hadn’t fully realised it herself until they’d arrived on Santa Ria; but when it had become clear that this war was going ahead, and she’d suddenly been faced with the fact that he might die, she’d found that she didn’t want to lose him. She hadn’t said anything because she’d known that he was preoccupied with the approaching battle, but she’d hoped that if things went well – and of course if he survived - that once the war was over that they could make a fresh start and settle down. Although she was angry at them, part of her was angry with herself too. Because she knew she should have spoken sooner. However, she had (slowly) come to terms with it and had eventually started to date other guys in the village.

Ethan had simply raised an eyebrow and looked at them with amused exasperation, “Guys,” he said patronisingly, “Did you really think I didn’t know?”

They’d asked them all to keep it a secret for just a little while longer, until they were ready to make it public knowledge, but it turned out that they needn’t have bothered. While recovering from his injury, Lister had stayed with Rimmer, which nobody had questioned; but people hadn’t failed to notice that even once he started getting better, he hadn’t shown any sign of moving back to his own hut. One night while Lister was having a drink at Ethan’s place, waiting for Rimmer’s hunting party to return, Ethan had confronted him over why they didn’t want to tell anyone yet.

“The thing is,” Lister said awkwardly, “We haven’t been here that long, you see, and well...we’re not quite sure how the rest of the village would react to...That is...How people here feel about...y’know.”

“You’re asking me if you’re going to get lynched for being together, right?” Ethan grinned. Lister smiled back, tentatively. 

“I wouldn’t go that far. But, yeah, I think we’d like to know how people will take it before we make things too public. If we’re going to be shunned I would rather know beforehand.”

“Well, you can relax, alright?” Ethan told him, obviously amused. “Believe it or not, Dave, you two are not the only gays in the whole community. People will be cool. And if anyone isn’t, well...they’ll be making things harder for themselves than for you. t won’t make them popular, that’s for certain.” He gave Lister an almost sly look, “To be honest, I think you’ll find that if anyone had a problem, you’d know about it by now.” 

Lister looked back at him in surprise. “Don’t take this the wrong way,” Ethan said affectionately, “But it wouldn’t take a genius level IQ to work out what’s going on between you two. You’ve been pretty much living together for...how long? Six months? Most people will have put two and two together by now.”

“I suppose so,” Lister was a little bit dumbstruck, “It’s just...what with all that time on the ship...we were so used to sharing. It never occurred to me that here it would seem odd to people.”

“Not odd,” Ethan smiled, “Just gay.” Lister laughed and shook his head,

“Gay...I still can’t believe it. Me. Gay. I wish someone had told me sooner. Maybe I’m bi.”

“Labels are for possessions, Dave. Not people. You’re you. End of story.”

“I know, I know.”

“Good. Now get out of here, Nancy-boy. Your boyfriend’s probably home wanting his dinner.”