CAPTAIN FLAYBUM AND THE HELPLESS GIRL

BY PENT

Part 1

This account was found in the Old Library of a Cambridge college,
between the pages of an atlas, hand-written in ink on loose
sheets of paper.

The only words changed here are those that have long fallen into
disuse, and no attempt has been made to correct the grammar or
style of the original.

When I woke up, I seemed to be captive on a sailing ship, a young
girl dressed in a grey silk crinoline, my face was to the mast,
and my hands were tied to it above my head. Mama and Nanny and
the other servants and our crew were nowhere in sight - I was the
only one there from our ship.

We were anchored and I could see land nearby. Uncouth rough men
were running about the deck and up the rigging, tying up the
sails and fastening down the hatches. I saw a tall thin ruffian
near the wheel who seemed to be giving all the orders and
swearing a lot. Back in England, Papa would have got the men from
the home farm to chase a scoundrel like that away from the estate
with pitch forks!

I never had anything to do with that sort of person at all, of
course - the servants always protected me well. Any time I went
riding Sam the groom, or Ted the stable boy, would follow behind
on a horse, along the roads and the paths across the fields. Ted
was fun - I could talk with him - he was eighteen and told me
about all sorts of things, like how calves were made. One warm
summer day behind a haystack, he showed me how he could make
babies - it was funny when his white stuff shot out! I let him
feel the place where he said it would go into me, but I would not
even touch his thing, of course!

I was brought back from my daydreams roughly - the ruffian was
standing over me, leering and laughing. "Well, and what is your
name, my little lollipop?" and he gave my cheek a nasty rough
pinch. "Bunnie" I answered, trying to sound fierce, "Who are you
and why am I here?" His laugh sounded nasty as he replied -

"People call me Captain Flaybum and, Bunnie, reason you are here
is you are the only one I wanted from your ship and I am going to
have a lot of funnnnn with yew! Crew has all gone ashore now with
their fun in kegs, so there is no one going to disturb us, shout
as loud as yer likes. Heh! Heh! Heh!".

And I saw what he said was right - there was no one else left on
the ship.

"So, let us be seeing what you looks like wout all them clothes
on!" With that he took a long evil looking knife from his belt
and sliced away my dress. I was terrified and screamed but all he
did was laugh and cut away my underclothes too - but he did not
touch anything above my waist.

Standing there, naked from the waist down and tied to the mast
with the breeze cooling my quim and my bare bottom I was so
shocked that I made no sound. I could feel my face go scarlet and
hot, then white and icy - I shook like a leaf, my knees knocking
in panic.

"By my Lady! Your skin is like ivory! Not a hair on your body
anywhere, as pretty as a peach, and just as tasty, too, I will
warrant! Now, you come over my knee, my little Bunnie", and he
untied my hands from the mast but left them still bound together.

He sat down on top of a barrel and pulled me down over his lap
and put his head straight down and sank his teeth into my right
bum. I yelled with surprise as much as pain as he shook his head
and jiggled my whole body around, then he put a hand underneath
and lifted me up with his teeth still gripping onto my bottom. I
was too terrified to even shout out with the pain.

I could feel his rough wiry beard scraping against my little
rosebud. Then he opened his jaws, and dropped me down onto his
lap again saying - "And you be tastier than any peach, my little
Bunnie!"

Then he lowered his head again and took the other half of my
bottom in his mouth and clamped his jaws on it. This time it was
his nose that pressed on my rosebud, snuffling away as he lifted
me again.

Even with the dreadful pain I began to tingle and started to get
hot down there. "Now, let us warm you up a bit, my little
Bunnie!" he chuckled. I had been beaten before, of course, when I
had disobeyed Mama or Papa, and they used willow canes - it was
agony and I had always sobbed for hours after it.

But this was different. The Captain slaps me on the bottom with
his hand which is rough and hard. As he hits my bottom it gets
hot and burning with pain and I yell out and tears pour down my
face but at the same time I feel a strange warming deep inside me
and my quim is soaking wet.

It is a mixture of stinging pain and the kind of warm pleasure
that I feel from riding at a hard trot on a horse when I bounce
up and down in the saddle. It is like a big leather hammer
banging up into my quim, and the feeling of pounding goes right
up into me.

Prince, the stallion, is the best one to do it on. He is very
powerful and gives me wonderful feelings when he trots . . . I
have become good at driving my heels into him, very hard, to get
him to go fast - it has made my long legs as strong as iron.

When Sam the groom sees me getting excited and going red in the
face with trotting on Prince, he says he knows why I like to do
that, but he says it is not good for young ladies. But a fat lot
I care what he thinks!

The spanking by the Captain is cruel, though, and nothing like my
fun with Prince. I am being terribly bruised and getting worse. I
am a mixture of shouting and sobbing. Then he says - "Now, we
will put you over the barrel and see what the rope end will do
for that chubby little bottom of yours young Bunnie!".

I can not believe his cruelty!

"No! Noooooo!!", I screamed.

But he paid no attention and picked me up under one arm and
kicked over the barrel he had been sitting on and threw me over
it. He fastened my wrists to a ring in the deck and used a rope
to tie my ankles to two other rings so I was face down over the
barrel, legs spread apart and I could not move.

I was shouting and dreaded what I thought he would do to me next
-

"Please Captain Flaybum! Please! I am only a young defenseless
girl! Papa will pay any ransom! Pleeeese have mercy on me! I will
do anything you want if you will just untie me! Pleeeese!"

"I like to hear yer holler, my sweet young Bunnie! And you will
holler a lot louder before I have finished warming your plump
little bottom with a rope end" I see him pick up a short piece of
rope with a knot at the end -he raises his arm and brings the
rope end down hard on my tender young bottom.

It feels like a red hot poker across my cheeks and I shriek with
the pain. My young skin is very tender, but he does it again and
again, and I am soon a screaming mass of pain, begging for mercy
- whenever I am able to say any words at all.

Finally he says - "Now let us see how you are coming on", and
puts his hand up between my legs. I am soaking wet by now, and he
says - "Feels like you are nice and ready for me, young Bunnie!"

"I likes an easy path in so I have got grease from the galley".

He picks up a wood bowl from beside him on the deck and scoops
his finger into it. Then he slides the finger in between my sore
cheeks and right up into my bottom. Nanny had sometimes given me
medicine that way and I like the feel when she wiggles her finger
"to make the medicine work!", but Captain Flaybum is much rougher
with his finger and he hurts me awfully.

He pushes his finger in and out of my bottom a several times then
he scoops his thumb into the grease bowl and pushes that up into
me instead of his finger and I shout even more with the awful
pain of his big thumb.

I shout and plead for him to stop hurting me but he pays no
attention and keeps ramming his huge greasy thumb in and out of
my sore bottom. Then he stands up and undoes his codpiece. His
thick stiff thing stands up in the air looking like a yam. It is
about as long as the one that Ted the stable boy showed me but
much thicker and I am terrified.

"Captain Flaybum you will kill me if you push that into me! Do
not try! You must not! It will just split me open and I will not
be any use to you dead!", and I break down in helpless shuddering
sobs at what I see he is going to do to me.

But he just throws himself down on top of me and puts his arms
down to hold himself up a bit then he lowers himself and I feel
his huge thing start to slide up inside my bottom.

In a little bit then out again . . .

In a bit more then out again . . .

Slooowly . . . further in then out again . . .

And I yell with terror as loud as my lungs will let me.

"Aaaaah! I do not remember when I last had such a tight young
girl as you my poppet! I takes it slow and I stretches your
little bottom to make me welcome inside there and you feel lovely
and warm and tight like you are sucking me inside you.

"You grips me so tight like a vice as if you trying to suck my
life right out of me.

"You just lovely young Bunnie!".

In the end his enormous thing is right up inside my bottom and he
presses himself hard against my sore cheeks and his huge stiff
thing is as far as he can push it up inside me.

It hurts a lot but it is an exciting hurt as he presses his huge
stiff thing hard up into me making my tummy bulge against the
barrel under me.

Then a story from Ted the stable boy flashed through my mind -An
Indian Rajah liked to push his thing into the bottom of a young
boy, just like Captain Flaybum was doing to me now over the
barrel, but the Raja always finished by strangling him with his
two hands while his thing was up inside the young boy. Ted said
it made the bottom of the boy grip even more on the Raja to make
his white stuff shoot out harder.

Ted said the Rajah killed a young boy like that every time he had
his fun then just had the dead boy thrown to feed the vultures.

I was sure the pirate captain was going to do the same to me then
just throw my body to the sharks.

So I almost died with relief when Captain Flaybum shouted -

"You be too exciting for me to wait longer young Bunnie. I be
comin, comin fit to die! Ooooooooh! You be so tight young
Bunnie!", and it suddenly felt like a hot clyster was being
pumped right up inside my tummy . . .

He lay a long time on top of me with his huge stiff thing up
inside my bottom while I lay over the barrel unable to move with
my wrists and ankles tied to rings on the deck. In spite of the
pain, I felt a warm glow inside me which was lovely as I felt his
huge stiff thing slowly going soft.

Then as he pushed himself up off me he jiggled his thing in and
out of me again a few times and it got all big and stiff again.
He stood up all smeared with blood from my raw and bleeding
bottom and his thing sticking right up in the air again and said
-

"Now young Bunnie that was just the beginning. Now we comes to
the real fun bit", and I saw him put grease from the galley thick
onto his stiff thing and my feeling of panic and terror came
straight back and I shook like a leaf in the wind.

"We unties you young Bunny . . . and puts you down where you
truly belongs!" and he threw me down on my back on the deck.

He stood over me there with his codpiece open and his enormous
thing sticking up like a truncheon - it is huge! Then the Captain
lifted my ankles and pulled them apart and threw himself on top
of me as I lay there on my back.

It was agonizing - I screamed with terror at the top of my voice
-the deck was all sharp splinters which jabbed into my raw and
bleeding bottom - I pushed my bottom up away from the jabby
splinters but that just impaled my poor little quim so his
slippery ramrod started going in there and with all the grease he
had on his huge stiff thing it began to slide right up into me.

I had played a bit at home with candles, but he was enormous, and
he wanted to hurt me. I felt as though he was tearing me apart
and I screamed in agony.

"Ha! Surprising what a raw bum does for a young girl when she is
lying bare-arsed on the splinters of a deck! Always comes jumping
right up to me she does! Like she just can not wait for me to
fuck her, eh! young Bunnie! And you likes that too my girl! Oh
what a lovely tight little cherry!"

I knew that Captain Flaybum was just using me to get his own
quick pleasure and I was terrified. He would not care if he
killed me in getting his fun. And he was probably going to throw
me to the sharks anyhow when he had finished.

But in a strange violent primitive way I wanted this savage
pirate captain inside me, to give me a baby. I felt agony from
the deck splinters that stabbed into my raw bum, and from his
huge thing up inside my tummy, but I kept shoving my quim up hard
to meet his thrusts all the time.

I was starting to feel a shuddering ecstasy, far deeper and
wilder than I had ever had when I trotted across the fields on
Prince. And I did what I always did with the stallion Prince to
urge him on harder - I kicked in hard with my heels, using every
bit of the strength in my long legs - and my heels hit the
Captain in the middle of his back . . .

And it suddenly seemed like I had trodden on a brittle bit of
firewood - there was a crunchy feeling under my heels . . .

The Captain gave a mighty gasp and gurgle - his face turned
deathly white and his mouth and eyes went wide open. He just
rolled off me and over onto his back on the deck.

I must have broken his spine, but I did not stop to find out.

I scrambled to my feet. Captain Flaybum was still moving weakly
and moaning - I grabbed his long sharp knife and I thought to
stab him - but decided not to become a murderer but to prolong
his agony as he deserved, so I left him to die slowly!

I ran to the anchor rope and sawed away at it with the knife
until it parted then gripped the knife between my knees and cut
the rope that bound my wrists together.

There was a strong breeze and the ship slowly drifted with it,
away from the land and out towards the open ocean.

I not only had my life but I was free again!

Young Bunnie, just able to stand, supports her weight by holding
onto a shroud and gazes out over the bow of the ship to the
distant horizon . . . her bottom is scarlet raw and looks
horribly painful. What further adventures lie ahead for her,
young Bunnie wonders?

As the narrator's voice dies away, the night-club audience goes
ballistic. She had asked them to make no noise during the acting
and narration, and they make up for it now. As the curtain falls,
they cheer Bunnie and Flaybum to the rafters. They rise to give a
standing ovation . . . and get pleased but exhausted smiles and
deep bows from the two actors.

Part 2: Daisy's Story

Tom said meet him at eight in Narrow Street outside the "Crop and
Cane". The lady's clothing shop keeps me late dressing windows
and I rushes home to put on my red dress and posh myself up with
plenty of makeup because Tom always likes me looking more like
twenty than the fifteen which I really am so we can go into pubs,
and when he takes me somewhere to eat like tonight, and it helps
that I'm tall for my age and have a nice round bum.

I'm a few minutes late when I gets there a bit out of breath. Tom
nowhere in sight - maybe he had been kept working late at the
Limehouse docks? I sticks my head in the Crop and looks inside
then goes over to the curb and looks up and down the street for
him and a taxi pulls up in the road beside me and the door opens.

A voice, sounds like a friend of Tom's, calls me to get in. The
taxi starts with a jerk and throws me back into the seat. Hands
grab me and someone says to bend me over. I feel my skirt being
yanked up and the jab of a needle in my bum - and that's the last
I knows for a bit.

******

When I wakes up my wrists are tied together above my head and me
looking at a thick wooden post. My eyes get clearer and I am on
the deck of an old square- rigged sailing ship with men who looks
like pirates. One of them plays a concertina and the rest of them
dances hornpipes.

But the whole thing is on a stage with a blaze of lights.

Coming round, I struggle a bit but a gag stops me shouting and
I'm barefoot and in a funny old fashioned dress which is not the
red one I put on at home.

Then I really comes back to life and I kicks at the post and a
man shouts an order and everyone clears off except the one who
shouted. He's a tall nice looking man and comes over towards me.

Then I hears a woman starts to read a story about Captain Flaybum
and a helpless girl. She reads with the voice of a toff and I
soon tell from the scenery of the boat's deck and the tall man
dressed like a pirate: The story is about the two of us!

I couldn't hardly see the audience beyond the footlights but they
must have told I was struggling all I could for real life to get
myself free. But I was well tied and there was no way to escape!

Just like in the story the woman is reading, Captain Flaybum
takes a long knife and cuts the skirt away from my dress and cuts
off my bloomers to leaving me standing bare arsed and I see
someone has shaved the couple of wisps of hair from round my quim
while I have been unconscious so I am as smooth as an artist's
model.

Then the captain sits himself down on top of a barrel and pulls
me down over his knee and grabs one of my bums in his mouth and
lifts with his hand underneath and shakes me all over the place
with his teeth.

It feels like a shark trying to eat my arse and me helpless to
stop it. Tom never did that to me - not yet anyhow -and it makes
me feel sexy! Then the captain grabs my other bum in his jaws and
shakes me the same way and gets me even more randy.

He drops me down onto his knee and starts to spank my bum hard so
he really hurts me - just like Tom does it - and I keep thinking
of the marks of his teeth that must be on my bum and the sexy
pain I'm feeling like I always get from Tom's spankings and I'm
soon soaking wet down there.

He gives me a proper hard spanking, then he stops and the woman
who's reading says Captain Flaybum's going to tie me over a
barrel on the deck and he kicks over the one he's sitting on and
pushes me over it and ties me down to iron rings on the stage
with my ankles wide apart and my wrists still together.

I've never felt so helpless in all my life lying spreadeagle over
that barrel with all the audience gazing at me and not able to
move with the ropes holding me down.

Just to let them enjoy the sight I think, the captain walks away
so the audience can have a good look right up my pink rosebud and
all as I am tied there waiting to be beaten and I feels myself
blushing scarlet all over with embarrassment.

Then the captain comes back and he has a piece of rope in his
hand about a foot long with a knot in the end. I can't do
anything but squeal through the gag but the woman reading the
story puts words in my mouth like begging for mercy, and I'm only
a defenseless young girl, and my father will pay any ransom if he
will untie me.

The captain just laughs in a nasty way and starts to beat my bare
bum with the rope and it hurts like hell and my noise gets as
loud as I can make it.

The pain is awful and I twists my head to see what he's doing to
me. Through my tears I see him rub my bum with the palm of his
hand and it looks like he has red dye on it so my bum is getting
to look all raw - although it's not - and I realize that he could
be beating me a lot harder with that rope's end.

I give the captain a smile as best I could with a gag in my mouth
- but he understood and smiled back. If anyone in the audience
saw it they would think he smiled because he enjoys flogging a
young girl's tender soft bottom with a rope's end -which I'm can
see he really does!

But he knows he can't overdo it - I see burly men dressed like
pirates waiting in the wings and I finds later, if the captain
gets too rough with Bunnie the story suddenly changes and the men
leap over the side 'from another ship' and knock him down.

Not that they'd have been much use, those men in the wings -
every time I looks they're all busy having themselves off with
their cocks in their hands, enjoying what's happening to me on
the stage!

The story teller woman has the captain stop beating me and use a
bowl of grease to make my arsehole slippery. He turns to face the
audience and puts his feet each side of my head and scoops his
finger in the bowl of grease. Then he bends over my body and runs
his greasy finger up and down my crack for a long time so the
audience can see what he is doing and gets them all worked up for
what he does next.

Finally he slides his finger slowly up inside my sore bum and I
hear a gasp from the audience and the captain whispers in my ear
that it is really KY on his finger.

I can tell from the way his finger slides smoothly up into me
that someone has done it to me already while I was out for the
count as it goes in so easy now and I smile again to the captain
to show I likes it.

I'm sure it looks very rough and painful to the audience though
and I'm shouting as loud as I can and when he changes to use his
thumb next and I wriggle like he is really hurting me.

But his big thumb slides up into my bum as smooth and nice as his
finger and I give him a wink to show it's OK and he is doing it
easy and slow like Tom does and wiggles his thumb around inside
me there getting me excited and I am making awful squeals and
shouts through the gag as though he is killing me.

Then he gets up again and undoes his codpiece so his stiff prick
stands up proud for them all to get a good look and I give a loud
shriek of terror as though a fifteen year old girl has never
enjoyed a man's rampant cock inside her before.

In the story I say he will kill me, while he stands putting KY on
his prick. Then he lies himself on top of me and jiggles his bum
as if he is pushing hard into me. But he is really as gentle as
Tom when he does that with me, and it slides up into me a bit at
a time until he's all the way in and it's just lovely to feel him
right up there inside of me.

I'm thirteen and not as tall as I am now, when Tom first tells me
he wants to do me in my bum, and a friend at school shows me how
to cut the end of a candle into a long point with a knife and
melt it smooth over the gas cooker.

Next day when the wax is all hard again, I use Vaseline and
slowly make the narrow end of the candle slide up into my bum, in
and out, further and further, until it goes all the way in and
out easy and I'm all ready for Tom's big cock.

I usually gets ready for Tom that way each time before I meets
him but I'm in too much of a rush tonight to stop and do it, so
some nice person at the theatre must have done it for me.

Captain Flaybum takes it real slow and his John Thomas slides up
into my bum smooth and easy. It gives me a gorgeous feeling that
goes right through me and it's like heaven when he comes, right
up there all the way inside me.

He's a lovely man!

The captain knows to go slow at the start while my excitement
grows until I'm jerking every whichway and nearly mad with
waiting, then he pushes hard a few times and comes right up there
inside my bum hot and hard which pushes me right over the edge
and I near passes out.

Not even Tom does it better. The captain buggers me just lovely
and we lies for a long time and I wiggle myself to feel him up
there inside me and his knob begins to go soft and the woman
slows down her reading it seems, to let the audience see us just
lie and enjoy each other for a bit.

While we are down there the captain asks if I am on the pill and
I tells him 'Yes'.

Then the woman goes on reading and the captain stands up and get
himself stiff again and the audience could see the red dye on him
- looking like blood from my raw bum. Then he unties me and kicks
the barrel out of the way and shoves me down on the 'deck' on my
back. That bit of the deck is covered with canvas so it's easy on
me, never mind what the story says about jabby splinters.

I gets the message though and pushes my quim up towards him to
make it look like sharp splinters are sticking into my raw bum. I
can tell someone already made my quim ready with KY too while I
was unconscious, because his weapon just slides right up into my
cunnie as smooth and lovely as could be.

We go at it hard for a bit then he whispers that I am to kick my
heels into the middle of his back as hard as I can when the woman
says it in the story.

I hear her read it and I gives him a good hard wallop with my
heels right in the middle of his back and he rolls off me onto
the deck gasping just like the story says.

I lie for a moment a bit stunned and sorry that he has stopped
fucking me. Then he whispers to get up quick and grab his knife
like the story says, and he jerks his head towards the 'anchor
rope'.

I go and saw the rope through, then I cut my wrists free and -
what's not in the script - I cut that bloody gag away from my
mouth.

Free at last!

I goes and looks out over the bow like the story says, turning my
bright red bum for the audience to see and 'just able to stand,
support my weight by holding onto a shroud' as if I was limp from
all his punishments.

But if anything's worn me out it's the wonderful sex Captain
Flaybum just gave me - better than I can remember in all of my
fifteen years!

The curtain comes down. The captain throws a cloak around me and
leads me in front to bow and smile to the audience who's all
shouting and cheering like I've never heard any audience cheer
before.

They go completely mad when I turns and throws my arms round
Captain Flaybum and kiss and hug him again and again. He shows he
likes it by he grabs my bum with his hands and pulls me to him so
all the audience can see.

He had really been very kind to a young girl of fifteen who's
tied up and gagged, bare arsed and helpless, completely in his
power to hurt any way he wants.

But instead of that, he gives me the most wonderful sex on the
stage that night. Tom never done it better with me, and that's
saying a bit!

When the manager at last tells us we've given the audience enough
he leads me back to a dressing room with a warm tub of water
ready for me and tells me that the young woman Lucy would look
after me, and he tells her to keep everyone else out, and asks
what my name is. 'Daisy' I tells him and thanks him for the tub
of water.

I soap myself clean and relax in the warm water then Lucy dries
me off with a soft towel and helps me get back into my own
clothes.

She has some makeup and I feels better after I put a bit of
lipstick back on. I asks Lucy the name of the place where we are
but she tells me the manager had said she's not to answer any
questions from me and it's as much as her job's worth to tell me
anything.

When I have my coat on ready to go she rings the bell and the
manager comes and sends Lucy away. When the door shuts he gives
me an envelope and tells me to tuck it away safely, as there's
five hundred pounds in it to say thank you for acting the part of
Bunnie on the stage that evening.

I'm over the moon: it's more than I make in a month working at
the shop and it stops Tom getting upset about tonight because
every girl, twelve and up in the East End of London likes to do a
bit of whoring on the side just to get some spending money, and
that includes Tom's young sister too. We can have a real family
party with the money, just for a start!

Then the manager asks when am I going to be sixteen and I tells
him next July third. Then he says he wants me to work here at the
night club regular every month as I make a good Bunnie, but he
says I can't do that until I'm sixteen which is why he's paying
me a bit extra today.

In fact he says I wouldn't be working there at all tonight except
the regular Bunnie for that Saturday phones and says she's got a
fever, and Len goes out to find a girl who can do the act and he
thinks I looks about twenty when I comes out of the "Crop and
Cane" in Limehouse and ready for a bit of fun!

I tells him Len could have asked - if he hadn't stuck a needle
into my bum and put me unconscious! But bygones be bygones I tell
him, and can I come and see him about working here after I turn
sixteen?

He has me write down my name and address so he can send me a
birthday card to tell me where to come to, and he copies the
address to tell the taxi driver where to take me home tonight.

He says he has to blindfold me first so I don't know where I've
been and he will walk me a little way like that, then he'll get
the taxi for me and put me in.

As I'm sitting there in the taxi on the way home I feels like a
real lady and I can't wait until the third of July so I can play
the part of Bunnie every month - without a gag in my mouth too!





