When Bobby opens the door, Sam doesn’t even give him a chance to take in who’s on his front porch before he punches the man square on the nose. Bobby gives a pained yell and falls back. Sam’s reminded, ironically, of his last confrontation with Dean.

“Jesus Christ, Sam!” Bobby shouts.

“You son of a bitch,” Sam says. His voice is low. Controlled. He’s keeping a tight reign on his emotions because he’s worried that otherwise he might shoot Bobby and he wants answers first.

Bobby’s fussing with his nose, touching it lightly with one hand and then holding his hand in front of his face so he can see the blood. Sam steps into the house and grabs the man by the front of his shirt. Hauls him up and slams him into the doorframe.

“How long have you known?” he snarls.

“Okay, I get that you’re angry, but you’ve got to calm dow—”

Sam punches him again, across the cheekbone this time, and Bobby’s head rocks back. “Don’t you tell me to calm down! Don’t you fucking dare!”

Bobby stays still, watching Sam warily. He’s squinting through his left eye, and Sam thinks he might have caught the man just right to leave him with a shiner, and all he wants to do is hit him again and again. He lied. Dean’s been alive this whole time and Bobby knew, the bastard, and Sam could just … just …

Bobby’s right, he needs to calm down before he beats the man to death.

Somehow, Sam makes the hand he has fisted in Bobby’s shirt uncurl and takes a step back. Bobby is panting, blood dripping from his nose onto his shirt, but he doesn’t move. His cap is askew on his head, and one more punch would probably knock it straight off.

Instead, Sam counts to ten—twice—and then makes himself ask, “How long?”

“Aw hell, Sam,” Bobby stalls.

“Don’t make me ask again.”

Bobby lets out a tight exhale at that and nods. “I always knew,” he admits. He doesn’t sound defensive, or ashamed, or anything but calm. It’s maddening.

“Always,” Sam repeats.

Bobby wipes his nose gingerly on his sleeve and then says, “Who the hell did you think helped him set all this up? Dean’s a resourceful guy, but he can’t work computers for shit.”

Sam hasn’t worked this through in his head enough yet to start wondering about logistics, but Bobby’s right. Someone had to have gone into the police database to change the dental records on Dean’s file. Dean can surf the web for porn and prospective jobs and play online poker and that’s about it.

The fact that his brother went behind his back with Bobby of all people—the man Sam called ‘uncle’ when he was a kid—is another painful blow coming on top of too many already. Sam’s grip on his anger slips and he has to turn away from Bobby before he loses it completely. It isn’t really Bobby he wants to hit anyway. When he gets his hands on Dean, his brother will be lucky if he doesn’t end up six feet under for real.

Sam lets his gaze roam around the room aimlessly, trying to distract himself long enough to shove the rage down again, and his eyes fall on a short stack of books on Bobby’s desk. There’s a candy bar wrapper sticking out of the top book—SNIC, he reads before the brand name is pressed thin by yellowing pages. Dad used to give Dean hell about that, and when Sam was in ninth grade he found chocolate stains all over the copy of Catcher in the Rye that he had borrowed from the school library. Although Dean looked guilty when Sam confronted him about it—‘you realize I have to return this’—nothing had ever broken him of the habit.

It’s like staring at one of those magic pictures and having the secret image pop into focus.

There are beer bottles in the trashcan, dark brown and naked without their labels: Dean has busy hands when he gets a few in him. There’s a neat, cleared off area on one side of Bobby’s rundown couch, dark stains on the lime green fabric and a bottle of Ox-Yoke’s Best Dam Gun Oil by one of the legs: Dean again, who never cleans his weapons at a table when there’s a more comfortable option available. There’s clothing strewn around the room, and as messy as Bobby is with his workspace, he always keeps his personal life neatly tucked away. It’s Dean who spreads his possessions everywhere, like he’s trying to lay claim. Sam’s seen it in a thousand shitty motel rooms: Dean’s personal disorder fighting to make those temporary way stations feel more like homes.

“He’s been living here?” Sam chokes out, and then sprints down the hall before Bobby can answer. He throws open the door to Bobby’s spare room, steps inside, and stops.

Dean is everywhere: shirts and worn jeans and a first aid kit laid out on a wooden chair. The bed hasn’t been made, and Sam thinks he can see his brother’s impression still in the mattress. Maps and notes are taped up on the walls—Dean parroting John’s habits—and a picture of Sam is stuck in the frame of the mirror over the dresser.

It’s the picture that does it. Sam was smiling when it was taken, wide and easy like he hasn’t been able to manage since Jess died. And hey, speaking of Jess, there she is, lying with her head in Sam’s lap while he leans against a tree. Sam remembers that day—him and Jess and Zach and Becky taking a day out of the study period before finals to relax on the quad. He even thinks he might remember what they were talking about that had him so amused: Zach’s decision to fulfill his final paper requirement in Intro to Philosophy by examining the Platonic ideals at work in The Matrix.

Sam takes several steps toward the dresser, moving on unsteady legs. He can’t decide if he’s pissed because Dean obviously stole this from Becky’s, or because Dean picked this specific image to pin up on the mirror like a talisman. He imagines his brother standing where he is now, spending twenty minutes to fix his hair and never once directly looking at the photograph where all his attention is really focused.

Is this how Dean imagines Sam’s days have been lately? Is he really so stupidly, willfully blind that he thinks that picture has any bearing on the reality of Sam’s life without him in it?

With a sudden, furious motion, Sam sweeps the books and spare change and stray Big Mac wrappers off the dresser and onto the floor. He yanks the rumpled sheets off the bed, he shreds the maps and papers from the walls. He’s breathing heavily now, chest too tight for him to catch any air, and he realizes that he can smell his brother. He can smell leather and old blood and the almost overpowering stench of the cheap cologne Dean wears when they’re not actively hunting anything. With that scent caught in his mouth, he grabs the wooden chair and hurls it into the mirror. Glass shatters, dropping to litter the dresser and the floor below it with glittering shards, but when the waterfall stops the photograph is still leaning drunkenly from the wooden frame.

“You just about finished wrecking my house?” Bobby asks from the doorway.

Sam leans on the dresser, holding on with both hands like he can ground himself that way. Like feeling smooth wood beneath his fingers is going to help him make sense out of the churning emotions driving him over the edge.

“Where the fuck is he?”

“If I knew that, you think I ever would have called you?”

Something too complicated to be defined as bitterness bursts out of Sam’s mouth in a harsh bray of laughter. “No,” he says, staring at his own smiling, happy face in the photograph. “I think you would’ve let me keep thinking he was dead until I—”

He cuts himself off, clenching his jaw shut hard enough that it hurts. Even now, as out of control as he feels, he refuses to talk about what he was planning on doing when the anniversary of Dean’s death rolled around again. It isn’t any of Bobby’s goddamned business.

“Until you what?” Bobby prods. His voice is far too keen for Sam’s liking, edged with the beginnings of realization.

“Got over it. Whatever.”

Sam feels like he’s channeling his brother, here in the closest thing Dean’s probably ever had to a home apart from those first four years he can barely remember. It seems unfair, that Dean finally found a place to put down some roots and left Sam with the bleak gray of purgatory in Lawrence.

It’s an oversimplification of matters, of course. Sam knows that. There’s something going on here that he can’t see; Dean is playing the magician again, focusing all of Sam’s attention on his left hand while he conjures rabbits with his right. Still, none of that changes the fact that Dean hurt him, that Dean faked his own death and left Sam alone to deal with the aftershocks. And Bobby helped.

“Sam,” Bobby starts, and Sam hears him step closer.

His hands twitch where they’re gripping the dresser and he warns, “You touch me and I won’t be responsible for what happens.”

Bobby stops. “I’m sorry,” he says, each word slow and deliberate, “That what I did hurt you. But right now I need you to pull yourself together and work with me.”

“Pull myself … You let me think my brother was dead.” Bad idea or not, Sam can’t stop himself from turning around. He advances on the man before him—on the lying Judas he used to think of as an uncle, as a friend—and feels a petty surge of gratification when Bobby gives way. “I had to identify his body, I picked up his ashes from the crematorium. Hell, I went to his goddamned grave! Do you have any idea what that felt like?”

“Dean had his reasons for—”

“Fuck Dean,” Sam snaps. “I’ll deal with him later. I’m talking to you now.”

Bobby’s back hits the wall in the hallway outside Dean’s room and he looks surprised, like he didn’t even realize he was retreating. Sam manages to bring his own advance to a halt in the doorway, but now that he’s started talking the words are coming on their own.

“I must have called you on the phone a hundred times over the last six months, half the time I couldn’t even talk because I was crying too hard and you just—Christ, did you think it was funny? Or do you just not give a shit?”

Bobby draws himself up, his eyes narrowing. When he speaks, his voice is harsh. “The only reason I went along with Dean in the first place was to protect you, boy. I’ve had second thoughts, I’ve had plenty. But all I ever had to do was look at Dean to know I was doing the right thing.”

The fact that Bobby thinks he has any right to be indignant or play the wounded party here lodges underneath Sam’s skin like loose gravel. He’s on sensory overload—has been since he dropped the phone on Missouri’s table and left in a hurry. He knows that beating Bobby to a bloody pulp isn’t going to stop the overwhelming rush of emotions, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t looking mighty tempting.

“What the fuck are you—”

“The wolf, Sam,” Bobby interrupts. “It’s all but loose.”

Ice slices through Sam, and he remembers Dean’s hospital room, remembers Dean lying there for weeks without the familiar amulet around his neck. Remembers him waking up and demanding it in a panic, holding his head and trying to block the wolf out. But Dean said he was okay. He was handling it. He would have told Sam if he wasn’t handling it, wouldn’t he?

“That’s bullshit!” Sam says, but the protest sounds weak even to him. He was quiet too long: spent too many precious seconds mulling over the possibility. He tries to shore it up, as though he can make his words true if he strings enough of them together. “Dean would never let it get that far. He would never put innocent people in danger like that.”

Bobby’s posture softens, and the look he gives Sam makes Sam feel like he’s four years old again and insisting that Santa’s bringing Mommy back for Christmas so that Daddy will stop being so sad all the time.

“Why the hell do you think he’s been staying here between hunts?” Bobby asks. “It ain’t for the homecooked meals, I’ll tell you that much.”

Sam turns his head with a slow, unwilling movement, and looks over his shoulder into Dean’s room. This time he looks through Dean’s shadow, lying thick and heavy over everything, and sees how impersonal it is. No cassette tapes lie amidst the wreckage. There aren’t any girlie mags on the table by his brother’s bed. There aren’t any posters on the walls, and the lone photograph strikes Sam as more of a shrine than a fond family momento.

So many things in there that Dean has touched, so many traces he’s left behind, and they’re no more meaningful than an animal’s den. Clothes for warmth instead of shed fur. Empty fast food wrappers instead of dried up bones. A bed instead of a convenient stretch of underbrush.

And the hunt, of course. The hunt plastered on every side like a cage of paper, urging Dean on, narrowing his focus until that’s all that’s left.

Sam understands with an abruptness that is almost like being born. Dean’s been staying at Bobby’s so that there’ll be someone to take him out if (when) things get bad enough that he can’t control himself any more. It’s at least part of the reason Dean did this, to spare Sam that, and Sam isn’t surprised because he knows his brother.

Dean’s spent his whole life making decisions for Sam: deciding what’s good for him without bothering to ask what he wants. This is … this is that taken to extremes. This is Dean not wanting to make Sam watch his final, grasping descent into feral savagery. This is Dean assuming that Sam wouldn’t want to be there for that, that he wouldn’t want every second he could get with his brother before the end.

This is what happens when Sam says ‘I need you’ and Dean hears ‘you’re only dragging me down’. This is Dean standing outside in the cold the way he always does, barefoot and shivering in winter, and not daring to bang at the door for fear of being turned away.

It’s so fucking typical that Sam wants to howl with rage.

Oh God, how the fuck can Dean think that Sam is better off believing him dead than standing by his side?

In that one moment, Sam feels something in his chest give way. He’s pretty sure it would hurt less if he was bleeding internally, the way that the demon bled Dean in the cabin, and it’s all he can do to keep standing. He’s shaking: minute trembles of his muscles that probably aren’t visible to Bobby, who picks now to say, “He told me he was worried about hurting you. Said that he wasn’t sure anymore if the wolf wanted to kill you or turn you and that he couldn’t live with himself if he did either.”

“He could have said something,” Sam whispers. “You could have said something.”

“You wouldn’t have gone. Sam, it isn’t worth dying over.”

That stings. “You mean Dean isn’t.”

“I didn’t say that.” But he hesitated.

The tiny, whispering voice that’s all that’s left of Sam’s rationality tells him that Bobby didn’t mean anything by it: that he hasn’t written Dean off as a person, hasn’t judged him and found him wanting. Bobby’s talking about the wolf, it reminds him. He’s just being practical.

Sam doesn’t want to hear it. People have been putting Dean down all Sam’s life and, God help him, mostly he’s been letting them. Pissed as he is at his brother at present, that stops here.

Sam is silent for almost a full minute, looking for the right words, and then he says, “If I ever hear you even hint that my brother is worth less than everything I can give him, I will end you.”

He can tell by the way that Bobby’s eyes widen that he believes him, which is good because he means it.

“I didn’t—Jesus, Sam, I didn’t mean anything by it. Your brother—” Something catches in Bobby’s throat and he has to clear it before he continuing, “I love your brother. He’s one of the best men I’ve ever known. You boys … you’ve been like sons to me.”

“Sure have a funny way of showing it,” Sam says. His voice doesn’t sound right in his ears, filtered through the pounding of his own heartbeat and the ever-crescendoing rush of anger.

“Damn it, boy!” Bobby barks. “You have no idea how hard this has been for me. You think this is a good position to be in, stuck between you two? Half the time I’d prefer dealing with demons than Winchesters, believe me.”

He pauses to give Sam a chance to respond, but Sam can’t find anything to say to that. He knows that he and Dean are fucked up, spinning out of control and pushing and shoving at each other and ricocheting off of anyone else in the vicinity. He can’t argue that point and doesn’t really feel much like arguing anymore anyway. His anger seems not so much to have given out as passed the threshold where he can sense it, leaving him numb and bone weary.

And achingly lonely. He misses Dean.

“These last months,” Bobby speaks into Sam’s silence, “I—having to watch him like that, all the time, watch him try and make himself into a goddamned machine instead of a man. He’s been hunting, Sam, and that’s it. He won’t even give himself a chance to finish healing up before he’s back out there after something else.”

It strikes Sam suddenly that Bobby is crying. It’s strange, looking at someone else’s grief and not feeling his own. Unsettling. Sam looks away with a nervous twitch of his jaw.

“I don’t want him dead. I didn’t want to put you through that, either: thinking he was gone. But there just aren’t any other options. I have looked for a way to get that damned thing out of him, and there’s nothing.”

“I know,” Sam says. As little as he likes to admit it, Bobby isn’t the only one who’s been searching for a way out and coming up empty-handed. Then, softly and with a longing that he can’t disguise, he asks again, “Where’s Dean?”

Bobby nods. He reaches up to adjust his cap but doesn’t bother to wipe away the tears wetting his cheeks. Maybe he doesn’t realize they’re there. “Come on, I’ll show you the tape.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The club’s name, Bobby tells him, is Powder. It’s on the outskirts of New York City, where Dean was working his last case—another berserker, of all things. According to Bobby, he’s been sticking to cities lately. Bobby thinks that all those people make Dean feel safer. More eyes on him, fewer enticements for the wolf.

The footage from the surveillance camera is in grainy black and white, and Sam can tell from the film quality that it’s dark out, although there’s plenty of illumination from the parking lot lights to see from. The front of the club lines the top of the screen: a solid black wall interrupted by a single door that is grey in the black and white feed, but which Sam suspects is a tad brighter in real life. There’s a few feet of open space below the building, and then five full banks of parked cars.

The screen is deserted except for a woman who is standing just outside the club’s door. She’s wearing a heavy parka, and there’s a pile of snow in the corner of the frame, but her legs are bare. She’s jumping in place to keep herself warm and smoking a cigarette.

Sam finds himself scanning the rows of cars for the Impala, and then remembers that the car has been with him for the past six months. Being separated from his baby must really be driving Dean nuts.

Bobby has the tape cued up almost perfectly because the club door opens a moment after he presses play and a man staggers out. Sam knows immediately that it’s Dean, even though he can’t make out his brother’s face. He recognizes the solid mass of Dean’s body and the slightly bowed lines of his legs. Dean heads away from the club without even glancing at the girl, heavy on his feet with his head down and his entire body lurching with each step.

“He’s drunk,” Sam says flatly. A flicker of anger pushes past the numb exhaustion.

But Bobby shakes his head. “He doesn’t drink when he’s out. I think he’s been drugged.”

The door to the club swings open to let a couple of guys out, but Sam doesn’t pay much attention. He’s too busy staring at his brother. Too busy trying to figure out whether he wants to feel pissed off or relieved. Too busy fighting the warm burn of want that has begun to start up again in his gut.

Sam is as surprised as Dean must have been when it happens: he’s forgotten that he’s watching this for any reason other than to look at his brother. Moving. Alive.

On the video screen, Dean loses his footing, or maybe whatever’s in his system has just given him an extra kick to the head. He starts to go down but before he can do much more than tilt to the side, two guys sweep up on either side and grab his arms. A light-colored SUV with its rear door already sliding open rolls into the frame and stops next to them. At the same moment, a flicker of motion at the top of the screen shows the girl who was smoking by the club’s entrance collapse. Sam barely notices it: he’s too focused on what’s happening to his brother.

He can tell that Dean is fighting back as he’s dragged over to the waiting SUV, but his movements are molasses slow and uncoordinated. It’s this more than anything else which convinces Sam that Bobby was right about Dean being drugged: even at his drunkest, Dean has always moved like mercury, all smooth speed.

Dean may not be doing well against his attackers, but he manages to catch the edge of the SUV’s door with one hand, halting his progress. It works for all of three seconds, which is how long it takes for a man to lean out from inside the SUV. Sam doesn’t see the needle that goes into his brother’s neck, but he can tell that Dean’s being drugged again from the way the guy forces Dean’s head to one side and sets his other hand by his throat. From the way Dean stiffens before slumping into the arms of the assholes who have their hands all over him.

The men lift Dean’s body and pass him to their partner inside of the SUV. They climb in after him and the SUV is pulling away before they finish sliding the door shut. A moment later it’s gone, taking Sam’s brother with it.

The whole thing couldn’t have taken more than a minute.

“They took him,” Sam says stupidly as Bobby pauses the tape.

“I tried tracing the car, but I could only get a partial off of the plate, and it was most likely a fake anyway. And the only witness was killed by a single shot to the head from a Black Arrow.”

It takes Sam a moment to work through the rusty catalogue of weaponry his father instilled in his head and then he says, “That’s a sniper rifle.”

“I know,” Bobby agrees, adjusting his cap. “Whoever it was who took Dean, they’re professionals. That was a well-planned out attack.”

Privately, Sam agrees with his assessment, but he has to ask: “How’d they miss the camera?”

“Because it wasn’t supposed to be there. The guy who owns the place installed it on his own last week. Apparently, he suspected that some of his employees were dealing out of his club.”

It’s at times like this that Sam feels he comes closest to understanding the whole butterfly in China thing. If not for this small, unconnected action, then Dean would have just fallen off the earth. Most likely, Bobby would have written his disappearance off as him finally succumbing to the wolf. No one would have looked for him. He would have just … vanished.

“You want to see it again?” Bobby asks.

Sam shakes his head. No, he most definitely does not want to see Dean go through that again. Not right now. As Bobby gets up to turn the TV off, he asks, “When was this?”

“Thursday night.”

“Three days ago?” Sam blurts incredulously.

Bobby’s frame goes defensively stiff. “Took me a while to get my hands on the security footage.”

“I wasn’t—” Sam swallows and then continues, “That’s quick. For you to have started looking.”

It isn’t that he thinks Bobby is lying to him about this, or that the man had something to do with Dean’s abduction, but the timeline just isn’t adding up. Even he can hear the suspicion in his voice, though, so maybe he doesn’t quite trust that Bobby’s being completely up front with him. He just can’t tell anymore: can’t separate out what’s going on inside his head.

Sharp as ever, Bobby fixes Sam with a serious look. “Dean calls me every four hours when he’s away. Once when he goes to sleep. Again when he gets up in the morning. As a precaution. When he missed his call, I knew something was wrong.”

Sam fidgets under Bobby’s gaze. Ever since he found out that Dean is alive, he’s been so focused on being the wronged party. On being dumped and left behind like an unwanted piece of luggage. Only now does he wonder what it’s been like for Dean: trapped inside his own head with the enemy, unable to trust his own thoughts and emotions. Restricting his hunts to cities because, as Bobby pointed out, cities are safer.

Where is he now? Is he hurt? Does he think that anyone is coming for him? Has he given up? Is he dead? For real this time?

“Do you think—” The words catch in Sam’s throat, and he clears his throat. “Do you think that Dean—” His throat locks up on him again, but understand flickers through Bobby’s eyes.

“He’s alive, Sam,” he says. His voice is gentle, but Sam still flinches when Bobby’s hand comes down on his shoulder. “You don’t go through all that trouble to get your hands on someone just to turn around and kill them.”

“No,” Sam agrees. “You only spend that much effort to do something worse.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sam’s anger comes back while Bobby is fixing them dinner. He immediately strides into the kitchen and starts shouting accusations—‘you should have told me’, ‘I can make my own fucking decisions’, ‘you let me think he was dead and now he’s gone because I wasn’t there to have his back’. The burgers burn unnoticed amidst the shouting, and one of the German Shepherds that Bobby bought to replace Rumsfeld runs in excited circles and snaps at the air.

Sam knows how it feels.

Finally, with his throat raw and overheated, Sam runs a hand through his hair and says, “I can’t keep hashing this out with you. I can’t—I can’t be this angry right now.”

“You got any suggestions how we’re gonna manage that?” Bobby pants back, leaning on the counter with one hand. His nose is swollen from when Sam hit him earlier, and his left cheekbone and eye are one big bruise.

Looking at Bobby’s injuries, Sam’s hands itch and he knows that he’s a long way from forgiveness. If he tries to put his head down and push through this, all of the rage that keeps bubbling over is going to explode at the wrong moment. Dean needs him too much for him to fuck around on this.

Sam lets out a slow breath and then nods. “Okay,” he rasps. “Okay, I’m gonna … leave.”

It’s the only solution that makes any sense, and Bobby doesn’t even try arguing. He just nods back and tells Sam to call when he gets to New York.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
When Sam thought his brother was dead, he saw Dean everywhere. He felt him bump his shoulder companionably, heard his low chuckle on the air. Dean whispered words into Sam’s ears: ‘I’d totally hit that’ and ‘dude, Snow Patrol? Did you grow a vagina when I wasn’t looking?’.

After he leaves Bobby’s, though, Sam can’t find Dean anywhere. There’s only that persistent ache of loneliness deep inside of him, and his own reflection staring back at him from the airport windows. It’s a face he doesn’t recognize: eyes distant, expression carefully neutral. A dreamlike haze hangs over everything, and he feels like an overexposed photograph, left too long in a solution that’s two parts adrenaline and one part need.

Once on the plane, he looks at the seat to his right where Dean should be, and thinks of another flight. He can remember Dean clutching the armrests with wide eyes but the memory melts away like mist as soon as he turns his attention to it.

Sam feels more and more like one of Dean’s masks as the flight progresses. He smiles at the stewardess who brings him his Coke and bag of pretzels, and makes small talk with the businessman sitting next to him like his world isn’t coming apart faster than he can stitch it back together. He invents a life for himself (a wife, two children and another on the way) and a job (he buys patents on promising new inventions for an Indiana-based corporation).

When they’re somewhere over Ohio, he dozes off and dreams that he’s back at Stanford. Jess is in the kitchen of their apartment, stirring a bowl of cookie batter with a wooden spoon. For some reason, the dough is red, and as she turns to look at him Sam sees why: there’s blood pouring out of her stomach, and it’s getting everywhere. He drags his eyes upward—can’t look at that horrible wound—and instead of her beautiful smile, there’s only the charred grin of a skull to greet him. It’s the same skull he identified as his brother’s.

Sam runs from her. He runs out of the apartment and onto the street where John is playing catch with a small boy dressed in oversized Salvation Army clothes. At first Sam thinks it’s Dean, but then he looks closer and recognizes himself. Boy Sam ignores the scrutiny and tosses the ball back to his (their?) father.

“Dad!” Sam shouts, sprinting to John’s side and grabbing his arm.

John looks over at him lazily, a thin line of stitching across his neck where his head came off in the accident. “Hey, son, what’s up?”

“Where’s Dean? I need—I need to find him.”

John’s brow furrows. “Dean? Who the hell are you talking about, Sammy?”

Sam tightens his grip. “Dean, your son. Your firstborn. Dean, my brother, damn it!”

“I have no son by that name,” John says coldly, turning back to his game of catch. The ball soars high through the air in a red arc and Sam realizes it isn’t a ball at all but a heart, bruised and battered from being tossed back and forth between them and that’s when he wakes up screaming and manages to startle the economy section into a minor panic.

Freud was a fucking asshole.