Embarrassed for life
by bgaius33

Part 11

the next day was awful for joana. everyone had seen or heard of her wedgie orgasm yesterday and took every opportunity to remind her of it by giving her non stop wedgies for the whole day. she got close several times, but managed to hold off on squirting all over herself again. still, having her pink flowery panties on display basically the entire day as a nightmare unto itself.

that evening was another sporting game that joana was forced to attend a basketball game between her school an a different school that haddnt had a chance to see her naked yet. josh explained that the rules were the same, no standing except for the national anthem unless she wanted another school to have a chance to ogle her nude body. she steeled herself for what was to come. this time, whenever her team scored, an image of her in a diaper would appear, while when the other team scored, they would show an image of her in only her undies. in each photo, her face was red with shame and her eyes were wide in horror, like she was a naughty child being caught and exposed in the worst way possible. each time, she burried her face in her hands to try and avoid reliving all of the humiliations that everyone else was reveling in. bent ove as she was, she was in a prime position for the boys behind her to reach over and pull her panties up hard for a wedgie. josh had made her keep wearing her pink flower panties and . it hurt each time they did it, but joana had learned from her last mistake and knew she just had to sit and take it, holding tight to the seat to not stand up as the boys exposed her pink flowers again and again. each time, she had to pray that it didnt rub her in a way to make her cum again.

while she was sitting on the bleachers, trying to ignore every wedgie that came her way, she felt something pulling at her skirt. she looked to see her sister with a pair of scissors cutting up her clothes.

"what are you doing???" asked joana, panicking.

"why, humilating you. oh, be careful to stay seated, we wouldnt want to get another penalty today, would we?"

"but...but youre cutting up my clothes! you cant do that?"

"oh I can. and I will. now you can either sit here and end up in your pretty little panties, or you can get up and get an even worse punishment. your choice"

silently fuming, joana could do nothing as her sister cut up her shirt until her perky little boobs were on display. then she snipped at the waistband of her skirt until she ripped if off completely, leaving joana in only her pink undies with rainbows on them. half of the time the jumbotron was focused on her, zooming in on her face, tits and bare legs to make sure everyone could see her perfectly. Then she felt something loop into the legholes of her panties. she looked down to see a boy had attached a bottle rocket her undies. she then felt the same thing on the other side as a second bottle rocket was looped on by another snickering boy.

"hey, what are you-" joana started to say, before both boys pulled on the strings attached to the rockets, setting them off. the bottles shot into the air and took joana's tight little panties with them, wedging them so far up her butt they nearly disappeared. the force of the wedgie lifted joana on to her toes and nearly off them as the rockets climbed higher and higher. "OWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW" she cried as her panties wedgied her painful until she heard the dreaded sound of tearing as her undies were ripped right off of her, leaving her entirely nude and with a sore butt.

"You stood up!" said josh as the boys laughed.

"Not by my choice!" whined joana

"doesnt matter, baby joey. the rules were set and you broke them. now as your extra punishment, I'm going to take you to the boys locker room for a shower". Josh and a bunch of the boys grabbed joana and lifted her up over their heads, making sure to spread her legs wide open for the jombotron to display. they threw her naked into the showers and turned on the water, making her nipples get hard instantly. It took her a few seconds to realize that the rest of the basketball team was already in the showers, waiting for her. she screamed and tried to cover up , but a quick slap to her ass made her drop her hands. "Now, you are going to beg them to help clean you up"

Feeling defeated, joana hung her head and said "please clean me-"

"Ah ah ah, say it right" chided josh

"P-please clean this baby bitch!" she yelled. with that, the boys were on her, soaping up her body and taking their time cleaning every inch of her. they rubbed her boobs with soapy water and made sure to pay extra attention to her nipples. they rubbed her sore butt all over and she felt them rubbing right in between her butt cheeks. and of course she couldnt stop them from rubbing all over her unprotected pussy. they squeezed and traced it all over with soap and more than once a finger would sliip in accidentally or would brush up and pinch her clit which left her a moaning mess during the entire thing. there was nothing she could do as she felt herself cum from the stimulation over and over again. When they were finally done with her, josh said that the last thing she had to do was to take the shower head and put on a show for the guys.

her pussy was still sore and throbbing from all the attention they had given it, but even so, joana still was feeling super horny. without even thinking, she took the shower head off and set it to the pulse setting, glad for the steam to hide her ace somewhat. she had tried this once at home, but now without any kind of bush to protect her pussy, the warm water running against her exposed sex set her mind on fire. all the boys were hooting and laughing at her and in no time, she felt a final orgasm build up more rapidly than she could have hoped to contain as her moans quickly turned to cries of lust.

"ooooh josh! josh! fuck me harder josh! fuck your little baby bitch harder! a naughty girl like me needs to get fucked" as the showerhead pulsed over her throbbing clit she couldnt help but cum loudly for all to hear. Only after she was slumped against the wall, breathing heavily while her pussy quivered did she realize what she had just said, entirely unprompted.

And to top it all off, as she was led back to the court, the jumbotron was showing slow motion replays of her time in the shower and her cumming all over herself. Her sister was waiting for her and was more than ready to give Joana another spanking. With the score being 91 to 85, Jessica had nearly 200 spanks to deliver to her sister with malicious joy after hearing everything her sister moaned.


Part 12

when joana got home that night after the basketball game, she was ready to fall asleep for the whole weekend and try to forget about this past week. she walked into her room naked as the day she was born only to find her dad was in her room, setting something up.

"what are you doing?" asked joana as she sheepishly slipped on her nighttime diapers.

"I am going away for the weekend, but your behavior the past few days has not been inspiring. So I am setting up cameras in your room so we can watch you while you sleep"

That night joana had terrible nightmares about being naked for the rest of her life as nothing but her sister's plaything and she woke up to find that the embarrassment had been too much and she had wet herself in the middle of the night. A fact that josh made sure she was aware of.

"my my, I thought after the first night we wouldnt have to do this. but after this, i think we might have to do a week in diapers for you, baby Joey". he pulled out a pack of pink and purple princess diapers and proceeded to take a long time powdering joana's still red butt before securing the diaper on her. she just wanted to die, having such an embarrassing moment prove his point about diapering her.

"There we go. now you are ready for the party later tonight."

"What party?"

"I asked your dad and he said it was ok to use your house for a party tonight. Figured it was the least he could do after all the trouble you've caused. Now get to work. Theres a lot to set up before tonight"

"Fine, whatever. where's my shirt?"

"hmm? oh, no shirt today"

"WHAT??" said joana, panic rising in her voice

"no shirt today. figure you're not going to need it since you'll be around the house all day. only reason you have the diaper is because of your accident. count yourself lucky with that I guess."

joana didnt feel lucky at all. she spent the entire day basically naked setting up tables and chairs while Josh and Jessica were going at it in their room. She was pretty sure they left the door open just enough for her to hear them while she was at work. just another way to humiliate her by telling her that despite seeing her naked and humiliated all the time, Josh still liked Jessica more and thought of her as a real woman, something little baby joey would never be. despite what she was feeling, she couldnt help but feel her pussy get wet at the thought of all of this. To make matters worse, once they were done upstairs, josh came down and handed Joana more party supplies and watched her while he made her hang up decorations outside where the neighbors could watch her. her face was beet red the entire time as her neighbors all shook their heads and laughed or turned away in disgust at the near naked baby walking around.

Eventually it was time for the party. Joana had to take her place at the front door, greeting everyone when they came in by saying "Welcome to baby joey's party. I'm a naughty baby girl who likes to get her spankings". this earned her more than a few snickers and too many slaps to her butt for her to count before the night even got started. Someone even brought their dog over and after seeing its owner give her a good spanking, it leaped up and nearly pulled her diaper down before she could push it away. As soon as she could, she found the least crowded corner of the party and huddled down, hoping no one would notice her.

A little ways into the party, Jessica got up and said "I think it's time for a game. And baby joey is going to help!"

Joana's heart sank as she was pulled from her corner and thrown into the center of the room. Jessica quickly tied her hands over her head, as she chided "Joey, what have we told you about covering up? thats an extra punishment for you tonight". She pulled Joana's diaper down to her ankles and then bent her over so her bare butt was exposed to the entire party. she pulled out a butt plug and said "who wants to play pin the tail on baby joey?"

Joana's eyes went wide as all of the hands at the party went up and cheered. they spent the next hour trying to fit the butt plug into her butt blindly. this led to to her being poked in her sore butt a lot, a few times getting it in her pussy and having it rub her clit until it was throbbing.

"Your additional penalty for today is that we are going to leave you tied here for the remainder of the party. anyone who wants can look at you or take photos and videos of you. and if they ask you to smile, then you better comply. you'll be unable to cover yourself, but thats the fun of it all"

once again feeling completely defeated, Joana couldnt even struggle out of the restraints as the lights focused in on her, ensuring everyone could see every inch of her diapered body. A line quickly formed to take pictures with her asking her do all kinds of slutty and embarrassing poses with her arms over her head and her boobs unguarded. More than a few people took a chance to get a hand in her diaper to squeeze her butt or put a hand on her boobs and squeeze them a little while they were posing. she couldnt stop her nipples from hardening until they stuck out like eraser heads from all the attention they were getting. Worse still was that she had to have a genuine smile on the entire time and pretend that she loved every second of it.

at some point, she actually managed to fall asleep in that position. in her dreams she was dressed as a disney princess with a frilly pink dress, looking for her prince charming. as she searched the castle, she became acutely aware that she wasnt wearing any panties under her dress. what a sandal that would cause if anyone knew that beautiful princess Joana forgot to put on her undies that day. she felt her pussy moisten at the thought before she turned a corner and found Josh

"Ah, Joana, my princess, I have finally found you. I must beg forgiveness for how I've treated you. your wicked sister had a spell on me and I did all sorts of awful things to you. can you forgive me?"

"oooh josh", she found herself saying, a blush rising to her cheeks.

"let me make it up to you, my princess" he said, getting onto his knees and pulling up the hem of her princess gown she gasped as she felt his tongue on her freshly shaven pussy. "it was so embarrassing and improper. what if someone were to see?"

"oooooh yes josh, more more!" she gasped as he continued to work on her she nearly screamed as he started licking her clit. "oh my god yes! more josh more! im so close! im gonna cum. make me cum josh...ooooooooooOOOOOO IM CUMMING!" she cried as she felt herself begin to squirt. but josh didnt stop. he just kept licking her pussy ravenously, prolonging her orgasmic spasms and making her cum again and again. she was in absolute bliss that not even the laughter could bring her down......the laughter?

"joana opened her eyes. she was back at the party, entirely nude and tied up there was a light on her and everyone was laughing at her while filming her.

"damn, the little baby can squirt"

"Think her favorite position is doggy style?"

"talk about being a baby bitch"

"wha? whats going oooooOOOOOON??!?" she found herself moaning as she came again. so it wasnt all a dream but then who was licking her pussy? She looked down and her eyes went wide with horror as she saw the dog between her legs, licking around her pussy. this entire time she was getting eaten out by a dog looking for treat!

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! she wailed as she felt herself cum yet again, more humiliated than ever before.


Part 13

Joana could not have dreaded going to school more than the monday after the party. All of the humiliations she had been through and would continue to go through were all she could think about to the point where her dreams were filled with herself masturbating naked at school in different humiliating poses. She woke up Monday to discover to her shame that she had wet the bed again, inviting all kinds of taunts from Josh.

"You know baby Joey, you are peeing your pants so often now, we are going to have to pick you up some more diapers soon"

She couldnt say anything and just laid back while Josh spread her legs to change her naked body.

"Oh, and put this on, for your punishment today" as he tossed her something. Joana sat up to see that Josh had just tossed her a dog leash. Images flashed through her head of the party and she felt her cheeks flush at the implication.

"Are you serious? I cant wear this!"

"Oh, I am very serious. And yes you will, unless you want to talk back to me more." he inquired, raising an eyebrow

"N-no...no sir....sorry...sir" she said, defeated once more as she slipped the leash around her neck.

"For now until you come back home today, you will only walk on all fours, like a...well, I'm sure you're familiar." he said in a mocking tone. "You can only sit in a chair during class but otherwise, I better not see you standing up normally or you'll get another punishment."

Joana grimaced as she got on her hands and knees as Josh took her leash and pulled her out of the house. She was acutely aware that in this position her skirt covered nothing, leaving her disney princess diapered butt out for all to see as they made their way to the bus stop and eventually to school.

She got off the bus to a score of gasps and half covered snickers as she crawled on all fours through the front entrance of her school, past where everyone could see her. All she could do was look down and not meet anyone's eyes as Josh pulled her leash hard. It was clear to everyone that Josh was treating her like his property and that she had no choice but to accept it. Throughout her long walk to her first class, she could feel her pussy continue to get wetter and wetter. "At least that is one good thing that comes from being forced to wear these stupid diapers" thought Joana, grateful that no one had noticed yet.

Looks like you got her trained well, Josh someone called out as she was led into her first class and allowed to sit at her desk.

Her pussy was burning as she reached her hand between her legs and started rubbing her pussy through her diaper. "What is happening to me?" thought Joana. Every taunt, every leering stare only made her feel hotter. She was actually aware of how prominent her nipples were, and it wasn't long before she found herself pinching her nipples through her shirts. It all felt so good but this wasn't her. Why was she acting so slutty? She was snapped out of her haze as she was yanked to all 4s again by the leash and dragged to her next class, walking like a dog in heat by everyone she passed.

Wow, looks like that dog really made her his bitch someone called out

Woof woof, joey. Hope you are behaving for your master

Damn did she have fun with the dog again? Her pretty princess diaper looks like it is all wet.

Each comment making her pussy burn hotter and hotter until she was at her desk. As she stood up to take her seat, her diaper brushed against the edge of her desk as she let out an involuntary moan. The comments kept coming and Joana could barely hold it back as she began to feel her hips grind against the edge of the desk, each comment degrading her and reminding her of her party humiliation fuling her pleasure.

As she was moaning she felt something slip into her mouth and she instinctively wrapped her lips around it. It tasted kind of funny and she opened her eyes to see a bright pink pacifier. her eyes went wide and she tried to spit it out but couldn't, making it look like she was sucking on it like a baby. She reached up to pull it out but it wouldn't budge, even as she pulled on it.

"Don't bother," whispered josh. "The glue I put on the edges of it won't wear off until well after the end of the day. And that weird taste in your mouth is just the same aphrodisiac I put in your diaper earlier today. It's been soaking it in for almost a week now so it should be hitting you any second now"

Joana's eyes went wide at this revelation. That explained why she had been feeling so horny all day. She tried to say something in response but the pacifier prevented anything but a slutty gagged moan from escaping. Her entire body was burning hot and tingling as she humiliated herself in front of the class. Roughly pinching and squeezing her boobs with both hands while she grinded herself on the edge of the table, the crinkling of her diaper almost louder than her moans, as she came again in her diaper. This continued in every class, grinding herself against her desk while the class ate up every moment until the very end where she lost control of her bladder and quickly filled up her diaper.

"Aww looks like baby Joey had another accident" Josh said in a mocking tone, as the rest of the class joined in. "Shouldn't be surprised given how many accidents she's been having at home". Unable to speak with the pacifier in her mouth, Joana had no choice but to accept her torment as Josh put her on top of his desk and changed her slowly in front of everyone, drawing it out as much as he could to maximize her exposure. Her pussy was still quivering and leaking cum under the intense stares of the class on it that Joana had to close her eyes and try to focus on something else to keep herself from cumming again.

"What I said about that stuff being an aphrodisiac? That was all a lie. it's just some scented oils and crap I found online. So all of those feelings you've been having? All the horniness and wetness of that pussy of yours? That's all you. You bought into that lie because deep down, you are just a horny little slut who likes everything your sister and I do to you"

Joana couldn't believe it...it had all been a lie? If what Josh was saying was true, then that meant that she had willingly masturbated in front of all of her classmates and that she had been turned on by not only being led around by the leash, but by the total domination Josh had over her life. As the bell rang for the end of class, Josh dragged her naked body through the school one more time, her gaping pussy up in the air for all to watch it drip as she felt so naked and embarrassed.


Part 14

Joana tossed and turned all night, the humiliation of that day, her horniness, and knowing that she was being watched through the camera her father had set up twisting her dream into futher erotic humiliations. Every moment of her life was turning into nothing but constant embarrassment. Things were only made worse when she woke up to another wet diaper. Josh wasted no time in taking pictures of her in her near nude and exposed state before changing her and inspecting her pussy to make sure it was free of any hair. After putting a new pink, flowery diaper on her, he dressed her with just a tight fitting purple shirt, but said that she would have to go without a skirt today. She tried to protest but quickly realized how pointless it was, unlike her nipples which were already poking noticeably through her shirt

Forced to stand at the bus stop with no way to hide her big frilly diaper, it didn't take long for a group of girls led by the bully Sarah to walk up and surround joana. "Aww, did baby joey get in trouble already? That's ok, you really do make a cute baby, little Joey"

"My name is Joana," she said, trying to be as defiant as she could be without a skirt on and her nipples poking through her shirt.

"Now now, little Joey, you shouldn't be so cranky. I've heard that the laughter of a baby is supposed to be the most beautiful thing ever" Sarah said menacingly, as her friends held Joana down while Sarah started tickling her. Joana screamed and begged for them to stop but only served to draw more attention to herself.

"Please! Please Im...Im going to pee myself if you don't stop!" Joana cried out in-between fits of laughing.

"Tell you what, we'll stop when you tell us your name"

"J-joana im-im going to pee myself!"

"we are going to keep going until you tell us the truth"

"I'm...IM LITTLE BABY JOEY" but it was too late. As soon as the words left her mouth, they were replaced by a long moan as her bladder gave out and she quickly filled her diaper. Sarah's crew let her go as they left, laughing and high fiving each other. Without a moment's break, Josh approached her shaking his head.

"Wow, you couldn't even make it to school before needing a change, baby joey. I shouldn't be surprised given that your wetting has gotten worse. I think this calls for an extra penalty.'' Josh said as he quickly stripped her of her diaper and put on an identical one. "Tell everyone what you did"

"I...I peed in my diaper" Joana said meekly to the crowd, who all laughed at the red faced little girl.

"Joey...you know what a naughty baby girl has to say here. I'll give you another punishment if I have to"

Taking a deep breath and looking down to not look the crowd in the eyes, she yelled at the top of her lungs "I WENT PEE PEE IN MY BABY DIAPER AND WAS A NAUGHTY LITTLE GIRL!"

She got the entire neighborhoods attention with that outburst and tried to hide her red face as everyone began laughing at the naughty girl across the street as Sarah and her cronies left her alone with Josh to get stripped and changed again. When she got to class, the TV's all turned on for the morning announcements. Joana kept her head down, glad people were watching that instead of her. But then she heard from the tv "and now we have a new segment today: Baby Joey's nanny cam! Thanks to Josh and Mr. Myers for giving us this exclusive footage". The screen shifted to an hd image of Joana sleeping in her bed. her sheets had fallen off, leaving just her diapered body and her small tits out for the camera to see. She had always been a heavy sleeper and tended to talk a lot in her sleep, which only made the preceding video seem like it was in slow motion as she heard herself saying "Yes daddy, I want my milky" before sticking her thumb in her mouth and started to suck it. "uh oh, I made a pee pee" she said as her diaper started to darken. All she could do was sit stunned in her seat, eyes wide in horror and face red as a tomato. She went cold as her other hand in the video darted into her diaper as she began to play with herself in the dream oh yes josh, i was a dirty little slut....oh no, not in front of the entire school, it's so big! as she continued to suck her thumb while she masturbated to completion in the depths of her sleep.

"AHAHAHAHA" the class roared at her and she felt her legs part in open arousal before someone yelled "look, baby Joey is peeing herself again". She looked down suddenly and saw indeed her diaper was soaked and a small puddle had pulled under her chair.

"You can't help but make a mess everywhere", Josh chided "Clean that up. Use your shirt as punishment."

"What did you do to me?" Joana demanded.

"Nothing. Not one thing. After a few days and nights of wetting yourself, I think you've managed to unlearn your potty training. You did this to yourself. Your humiliation has regressed you to having a baby's bladder, no control and in constant need of diapers."

Joanas mouth fell open at the implication as she quickly stripped off her own shirt and diaper and used it to wipe up her puddle. Surrounded by her classmates, bare nude to all of them wiping up proof of her immaturity and humiliation, she felt her legs part open to give everyone a good view as she cleaned for them.

Josh then grabbed her ankles and raised them over her head. "What are you doing?" she asked in a panic.

"Your second punishment is to stay in that position until you wet yourself again"

It didn't take long for her pussy to drip with excitement. She closed her eyes and tried to convince herself that Josh had put something else in her diaper to make her get turned on against her will, but he hasn't done anything. To her abject horror and shame, she could only blame herself for her horniness when she saw one of her hands rubbing against her clit while a long pornographic moan escaped her mouth.

When it finally exploded, her stream arched directly into her face. That's why Josh had forced her to do this, to make her be the one to squirt and piss in her face. With her piss and cum stained body entirely exposed to her classmates yet again, all she could do is curl into a naked ball and cry as she found her thumb in her mouth again as the camera flashes ensured that this moment would never be forgotten.



