
			DESPARATE HOUSEWIVES   CHAPTER 10
					By Black Heart
The tenth chapter in a series about broke single moms who use their sons to make porn movies.  It has been fun so far but I am running out of ideas as to what should come next, so I would appreciate any suggestions as to what should be happening.

	The boys had gotten together again to discuss their success with the women since Norman had done his handy work on the porn site.  All three of them were gathered around the computer in Norman's room to watch the latest porn video they had made.
	Norman silently basked in the praise from his two friends as they oohed and awed while watching Sandi begin her session with Tim.  They grinned at each other knowingly as Sandi sat on the sofa beside Tim and explained to him what was going to happen this time.  It was easy to see she looked awkward and hesitant as she told Tim about her decision to give him a blow job, or at least part of one.
	"This is something I really hadn't planned on doing but since our viewers are demanding it, I decided to expand our activities by giving you some oral sex," Sandi was explaining with a face growing red from embarrassment.
	"You see for the last few weeks are ratings have been going steadily down and this is an attempt to bring them back up," she added.
	"Atta go, Norm," the Ryan and Tim high fived him as they watched the porn session begin in earnest.  First there was the usual bit of making out with kisses and necking and then the clothes began to come off.  The boys whistled in admiration as they saw Sandi bare her tits and allowed Tim to tease her nipples into hardness with his hands and mouth.
	"Not a bad set of tits your mom has," Norm and Tim told Ryan.  "Not all that big but at least a mouthful or handful," they added.
	They continued to watch as Tim started taking off his clothes until he was down to his underwear and Sandi hers. Then she was totally naked.  Again the boys commented lewdly as her naked pussy and ass came on display and Norman added "I can barely wait to get some of that."
	Ryan just sat back and watched, ignoring the sexual comments from his friends because since he had already fucked both their mothers, he knew it would soon be his turn to give a running critique on their attributes.  Besides, he thought, as he watched Tim and his mother get it on, she was actually quite a looker.   Although he had never thought of his mother in a sexual way, he was quite proud of the fact that his friends considered her a MILF.
	"Quite a tent in your gaunch there Tim," both Norm and Ryan laughed as they pointed out an obvious large erection he displayed as he knelt between Sandi's wide spread legs.    
	"Oh Sandi knows what do with it," Tim replied with a laugh.                           
 	 They oohed and awed as they glimpsed the pink insides of her pussy that Tim had pulled open and then watched as he buried his fingers and then his face in her gaping cunt.  In no time, Sandi's ass was bouncing up and down on the sofa in time to her screams and moans of delight.
	"Good technique, you brought her off in no time," the boys praised Tim, "but now let's see if she makes good on her promise.  After all she has to bring up the ratings," they laughed.
	Sandi's face had a look of grim determination as Tim rose from the floor and stood before her with the huge bulge in his underwear.   She looked up at Tim who remained silent but appeared to be struggling to keep a straight face and then her gaze went back down to his crotch.
	She quickly pulled down his underwear and studied his erect cock briefly before taking it her hands and giving it a few strokes.  Then came the moment of truth as they watched Sandi pull the organ towards her mouth.  Her tongue was out and licking up and down the length of Tim's cock and then her lips opened and the cock slipped inside her hot, wet mouth.
	The boys snickered at Tim's sudden moan of delight which seemed to alarm Sandi.  She quickly pulled his cock out of her mouth and warned him.  "Don't come too soon.  I'll suck it a bit a more and then we'll fuck but I don't want you coming in my mouth or on my face."
	"But I thought your customers wanted to see you giving me a complete blow job, isn't that what you told me when we started," Tim replied with an innocent look on his face.  "You want to keep those perverts happy don't you?   Besides, Ray tells me that Lucy sucks him off and swallows everything or lets him come off all over his face.  He says Lucy calls them money shots and that her ratings go through the roof when it happens."
	There was silence between Tim and Sandi as the woman appeared to be considering what she had just heard.   Sandi knew Tim was right for this was the very thing she had discussed with Amanda and they had agreed blow jobs were something that just had to be done.  They had to do something to bring their ratings up and now it suddenly felt as if she and Amanda were in a competition with Lucy.  She was feeling a bit angry with her and wondered how much they would have to do to keep up with her sluttish behavior.  She was wishing they hadn't brought her into their group but Sandi realized there was nothing that could be done about it right now so she reluctantly turned her mind back to the task at hand.
	"That woman is spoiling everything.  She is such a slut that she'll do anything to make money," Sandi proclaimed as she vented her feelings.  
	Talking of sluts, take a look at yourself, Tim was thinking as Sandi turned her attention back to his cock which had begun to lose its erection during the interlude.   Again she began kissing and licking up and down its length while frigging it.  It was rock hard again in no time and just before Sandi took it into her mouth, she told Tim, "pull it out just before you come and we'll see what a facial does to the ratings."
	Oh, the ratings will be just fine, and so will I, Tim was thinking as Sandi began sucking him off in earnest.  He could see her head bobbing up and down as her mouth and tongue worked slavishly on his cock and it felt so good, he wanted to shove more and more of his organ into the woman's mouth but he managed to restrain himself.  Besides, he knew he wouldn't last much longer.
	Then, obeying Sandi's instructions, he grunted out, "YEAH, NOW, NOW," and quickly pulled his already exploding organ out of her mouth.  He was a bit late and some of his stuff landed inside of Sand's mouth, but most of the hot, sticky spunk ended up on her face.  It was such a copious load that Sandi felt that her cheeks, eyes and nose were covered with the stuff.  
	The boy's all laughed at the look on Sandi's face.  There was definitely a grimace of disgust as she tasted the bits of the cock juice that had ended up on her tongue.  And her face glistened with the stuff on her face.  It ran down her face and dripped off her chin in long, stringy strands and they watched her ass and tits jiggling as she suddenly made a dash to the bathroom.
	Who's a slut now, Norm was thinking as he recalled the hateful words Sandi had earlier used to describe his mother.  You're the one that started all this and brought my mother into it, but since I now have full access to your computer, maybe I can use your porn site to manipulate you into doing a lot more sluttish things than this.  And that Amanda, with her big tits and ass won't be far behind you, especially after the mean, controlling way she acts.  We'll see how she likes being controlled.  
	Norman said nothing about the true nature of his plans as Tim and Ray prepared to watch the session with Amanda.   He decided he would let them find out for themselves as things progressed, not only because they might disapprove of some of the things their mothers might be undergoing in the near future, but for another reason as well.
	Despite his apparent friendship with the pair, there was something he hadn't revealed to them and that was his distrust of them.  He had always felt that he would never be fully accepted by them or any other Whites due to his being Oriental and a nerd.  It always made him less than equal and now he was going to use this opportunity to strike back.
