Story Codes: inc Msolo panties

   NOTE THE FIRST STORY CODE.  This story series revolves around consensual sex between adult members of the same family.  If that bothers you, you should stop reading now.

Language notes: Occasionally I use Korean words here where I feel it captures the feelings better. Here are the translations for words used in this story.
Oppa: Older brother
Daebak: Bingo, sweet, score, awesome

-----------

&#8203;Minjun carried the last box up the stairs and into his apartment. Their apartment now, since his father had decided it was best to save money on rent in Seoul by putting his two children in an apartment rather than paying for two separate dorm rooms. Living with his sister was definitely going to cramp his style, he wasn't looking forward to it at all.

"Oppa, it's time for dinner. Come on, mom and dad are waiting." She poked her head around the corner and smiled. This was going to be a long year...

2 weeks later.

Minjun sat down at the desk in his room, a pile of books to his left. He picked up his English book and stared at the page. His mind wouldn't focus on the words. For the last week and a half, he'd found himself in an incredibly awkward situation. The day his parents left, they had given them each a few hundred thousand won to spend on clothes. Jieun had gone with two of her friends to Dongdaemun, the night shopping district, and spent it all. That wasn't a problem , it was what she'd bought. She hadn't bought a single shirt, only skirts and what his foreign student friends called "booty shorts." Additionally, he was pretty sure she'd bought a bunch of new underwear because the next morning, the trash can was full of plain looking nude and white colored panties. Earlier this week, he'd gotten a glimpse of what he was sure must be a new pair when she'd spread her legs a bit too wide getting up from her chair. Black with red lace. Apparently, when she'd left Gangneung, she'd found her sexuality. And that was the source of Minjun's situation. He was horny enough to begin with. Having a sexy roommate into micro-skirts and hot panties didn't help. But the fact that it was his sister made him feel like the dirtiest man alive. 

He looked from the lesson on clothes shopping to the bulge in his jeans. He'd already jacked off twice today, the second time had even been in the bathroom between classes. But here he was, hard as a rock for the 3rd time today. Setting his book aside for a minute, he unzipped his pants and slid them down to his knees with his underwear. As he began to rub his cock, he closed his eyes and saw the tiny skirt his sister had worn out of the house today. As she'd bent over to put on her shoes, her shirt had ridden up just high enough to show the blue band of her panties. A band that he was almost certain had only connected to a single triangle of fabric just above her ass. The thought of his sister wearing a blue thong almost had him cumming in his pants this morning, and it looked like it would have him cumming quickly this time too.

His pace was increasing as the thought of her underwear drove him steadily towards the climax. Suddenly he froze. As horny as he was from seeing glimpses, how horny would he be if he actually saw what she wore? If he held them in his hands? She wouldn't be home for another hour or so because she should have a study session. Given his huge erection, that would be plenty of time. He stood up and pulled his underwear back up. The top 2 inches of his dick stuck out past the band and he felt it's heat against his belly. Opening the door, he walked to the door beside his room and slowly opened it. The room was fairly tidy, though the pink sheets of the bed hadn't been made up. He crossed to her dresser and opened the top drawer. Inside, he saw a number of nicely folded shirts and the booty shorts she teased him with so often. Closing it, he opened the bottom drawer and found the prize. His cock leapt in his pants as he looked at the lacy, silky field of seductive blacks, racy blues, sexy reds, and playful pastel panties. "Daebak" he whispered as he took out a black and red lace one that he felt sure was the one he'd seen. The red lace across the back would probably look so sexy stretched across his sister's creamy cheeks. He dropped his boxers a second time and began stroking quickly as he looked through the treasure trove before him.

Very quickly, he spotted a trio of thongs and picked up the green, silky one. The broad triangle at the front came down to the crotch and then tightened to a single black band which would have run right between her ass cheeks. The thought sent him over the edge and he gasped as he felt his balls surging. Without a towel or tissue, he put the only thing he had over his cock as the first blast shot from the tip and towards the drawer full of panties: the green thong. The small patch of fabric was no match for the torrent shooting from him and soon gobs of cum were dripping from his fingertips and flowing down his balls to drip onto his boxers. 

"Fuck!" He shouted as he looked down at the soaking panties in his hand. "How can I clean these up?" He looked around desperately, then decided it'd be best to retreat to his room rather than solve his problem here. At least there he wouldn't be caught. Pushing the drawer closed, he wiped a tiny bit of jizz from near the top of the drawer with his hand and waddled with his boxers around his legs out of the room. He had been right, this was going to be a very, very long year indeed...

--------
Send feedback to siswriter@email.com