Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0

Webslut Madison Ch. 32

Madison confesses on social media.

Madison did not cum after she left the dean's office. She did not touch herself. She didn't even wear her usual slutty attire. No, she decided to save all of her desires up, build up the tension, and expose herself for complete ruin once and for all after exams were finished, after she had received her degree and was at a point where the school could not do anything to her - and a point when she would be so sexually desperate and frustrated that she would finally take it all the way.

By take it all the way, Madison intended to display herself on every social media account she owned - this way her friends, her former teachers, her old neighbors and high school classmates - and even her family - would finally see what she really was. But she was scared. She had posted asking for help, asking for someone to push her over the edge, and she got a lot of replies. Most of them weren't serious, or they seemed inexperienced, not assertive enough for what she needed.

There was one reply that really caught her attention, a 39 year old man from Milwaukee, and so she started talking with him about it.

"Hi, Madison - I saw you're looking for someone to push you into completely ruining yourself. I have actually been a fan of yours for a while wondering when you're going to go for broke and go for complete and total humiliation. I'd be happy to help - as long as you understand what you are asking for and that you're really going to be ruined. Literally everyone will know about you, know you are Webslut Madison, and that's all you'll be to most of them. They will never forget. It will be horrific for you. I know you seem to go back and forth about this, but I can tell how much you crave it watching your videos. You need it, Madison, just like I need to help you achieve your dreams. I'm only a couple hours away. I can come down and manipulate you into the most intense, dreadful, revolting exposure and assist you in your craving for endless suffering. Just pick a day - I would want most of a day - and I will come and make it happen."

As she read, there were several reasons she was drawn to this particular message. The first thing was that he had seen all of her content. That meant he would know what she was asking for, he would know how extreme the consequences would be for her. After all, she wasn't just some random slut asking for one naked picture to be posted anonymously online - no, she was asking for her entire being to be ruined, to be exposed with her real name and to be exposed to essentially all of her contacts from every source, so that everyone she knew would see her - or, at the very least, know that she chose to be an exposed Webslut.

And then - he also seemed aggressive but not so aggressive he was insane. He just seemed to get her, somehow, to understand what she needed. He seemed to understand that the sexual, deranged part of her craved doing this to herself, but her rational, thoughtful part caused her to think twice. He seemed to understand that she needed an extra push to take the plunge, to really make it as humiliating as she craved it to be.

"Hi," she messaged back. "I saw your message and I'm interested in your suggestion. I want to talk about it first, make sure we're both fully on board. And if we are, come down on the 12th at noon and have the rest of the day to expose me."

"Sure," he wrote back a couple hours later. "As far as being fully on board, what did you have in mind?"

"I guess I'm looking for someone to push me to admit on all my socials that I'm Webslut Madison and maybe post a couple of my more tame pictures so they don't get reported. Would you be interested in something like that? Like I need someone to be there and get me turned on and talk me into it, lol."

"Yeah definitely! What kind of socials are you talking about?"

"TikTok, Facebook, IG, snap, twitter, everything really. Want to text me?"

The man provided his number and introduced himself as Aaron, and the conversation went from there.

"So I take it from your videos you understand you're basically going to be fully and completely exposed, no going back, everyone will know. Just want to make sure you are sure that's what you want before I drive down there."

"Yes," she texted back. "I've been needing it for so long. Wanting, waiting. I need someone to basically talk me into it as I go and make sure I don't immediately take it down, lol."

"What reservations do you have?"

"My life would be so ruined! Will be so ruined I should say. My parents will never get it, never understand why I want or need this. It will be so humiliating, so embarrassing when everyone finally finds out."

"And what makes you want to do that to yourself? You know you'll be putting yourself through emotional hell."

"Because I get off on humiliating myself. I mean I know it's not normal to actually want to be humiliated and embarrassed like that, to want to be exposed and seen naked and degrading myself in front of everyone I know. But it gives me such a rush, the shame of it all, it makes me drip. It makes me desperate for more, to make it worse."

"So you really want this kind of embarrassment then?"

"Definitely. I love humiliating and embarrassing myself. And I love the pain and shame that comes from it."

"So if I come down, you're going to post on all your socials, letting everyone see what you are?"

"Yes, once you talk me into it and convince me I need it ;) can you do that?"

"I don't see why not ;) and will you be including links or descriptions of where to go to find your really raunchy stuff?"

"I mean...I would if you told me to. I like not having control. I want to do it partially because I was told. And I want to lose control of everything and just be ruined. Would you want me to post links?"

"If I come down there, you're posting them."

"Ok."

"And filthy captions too. Humiliating, horrible ones describing what you want and why."

"Ok :)"

"And you said you wanted to make sure you don't immediately take it down. Are you afraid you would want to?"

"I've exposed myself on socials before in the middle of the night when I was super horny and deleted it like 5 minutes later after I came lol. Just want to make sure I keep it up."

"How would you want to make sure you keep it up?"

"I mean - I've thought about how. I don't really have any great ideas. Basically either tie me up and leave me until I'm completely ruined. I could destroy my phone too, but then I could just cheat and use my computer, plus I'd risk losing my pics and videos."

"Hmm. Destroying your phone is a bad idea. And tying you up and what, just leaving you for someone else to find? And assume that you were forced into everything?"

"I know, like I said, I don't have any great ideas."

"Someone could sit with you and talk you out of it every time you try to take it down," he said, "at least for the first few hours or the first day. That should be enough to get what you want."

"Yeah. Or drive me out into the middle of nowhere and leave me with no food and no money and make me figure out how to get back to my apartment before I can take it down. And by then it will be too late."

"Wow. That's a little risky. You'd basically be helpless. What if you get kidnapped? Or you have to whore yourself out to get money for a ride or something, or trade sex for rides?"

"Ok that's kinda hot. Not the kidnapped part, but the rest of it. Like sell it for ten dollars and have to sell it to like 10 different guys just to get home. Wow. That's nuts. I'm way too horny for my own good if you can't tell!"

"Oh I can tell. I really think you'd need to just be kept on edge, not able to cum until 24 hours have passed or something."

"Yeah that would require you coming down and staying overnight or something. I don't think I would even be able to sleep."

"And turn your phone off so when your friends and family try to call you you don't even know."

"Would I be like - watching my own destruction in real time? Like monitoring my socials to see how bad it gets?"

"You could I guess. Maybe play along even, stay horny and just admit to it, answer every message, some of the comments, watch as more and more people find out, until your reputation is garbage."

"Wow! So hot." Madison was helpless, touching herself through her shorts. She knew there was no turning back.

"You could even live stream the whole thing," he suggested. "So anyone who wants can see you sitting there, naked, rubbing your throbbing cunt and seeing how much you really need it."

"OMG!!!"

"And you should definitely post on your Webslut Madison page and let everyone know to hang tight, you're going to post links to everything on your socials etc."

"Yes definitely!!!"

Madison did just that, going to the page and creating a post: "So...been thinking about going for complete ruination and posting links to this page on all my REAL socials. Telling all my IRL friends and family I'm nothing but a ruined exposed slut! Thoughts?"

She read the comments over a couple days, people telling her she was going to be ruined forever. Some begged her to do it, some begged her not to and asked why she would do that to herself, others wanted to know when. Still others wanted her to post links to her socials on her Webslut Madison page so they could find her.

"I think I'm really going to do this!!!" She replied as the week went on.

"May 12 is going to be the day," she wrote. "Stay tuned!"

This went on - both her commenting on her page and texting Aaron - for the next few days until they came up with a time to meet. Aaron would arrive at Madison's apartment two days after exams had finished, at 10:00 am. And then, they would proceed to destroy her together. Madison did not orgasm during this time, her tension building until she felt like she wanted to scream. She only occasionally rubbed her needy pussy, knowing it was not going to go anywhere.

Finally, the day arrived, and Madison greeted her new acquaintance at the door, wearing a short cropped top, exposing the majority of her stomach, and a pair of cheeky denim shorts. She had put on makeup, but had neglected to wear a bra or panties, figuring they were just going to come off anyway.

"Hi there...Aaron?" She said, greeting him at the door.

"Yeah, Madison?" He replied. "Wow. You look even better in person."

"Thank you!"

"I really can't believe you're doing this. Like - you're way too good looking to destroy yourself like this."

"Thanks. But really I'm just a desperate slut locked in a hot girl's body," Madison said with a giggle. "It's good though - honestly it wouldn't be as hot to see an ugly girl ruin herself."

"No...it wouldn't."

"You seem a little autoerotic - like, you would get off to your own naked body."

"You already know me too well. But these days it's more like my own shame and destruction."

"Yeah," that makes sense." He came in and Madison closed the door behind him.

"So you're really serious about this," he mused as he stepped through her kitchen.

"Yeah, I guess today is that day," she said nervously. Her body was already trembling at the thought, much the same way the adrenaline makes one tremble when about to try a new sexual activity for the first time.

"So, um - do you want to talk first, get something to eat, or just get set up and get right into it?"

"I - let's just go for it," she said with a laugh. "I'm super nervous and I need to be pushed all the way. But I want it. I want you to. And like - let's just do it before I can overthink it or change my mind."

"Okay," he said with a chuckle. "Let's do this. Where are we going for this?"

"My bedroom. In here," she said, leading the way.

Aaron looked around as he stepped inside. It looked like a normal college girl's bedroom, mostly neat and tidy with a few accessories lying around. "I like your room," Aaron said. He moved a little closer and stroked Madison's face. "You'd never guess this room belongs to a completely ruined, exposed Webslut who revels in her own destruction."

Madison bit her lip, looking down. She crossed her legs as she stood, so needy and desperate, before looking up at him with 'fuck me' eyes. It was precisely this moment when Aaron stopped gently caressing her cheek and slapped her. It was more of a gentle slap, testing the waters, although he knew she was into it, having watched all her videos.

"Mmmmm," Madison moaned in delight. Her pussy was already dripping wet. "Hit me again," she whispered. "Harder."

Aaron grabbed her throat, her arms instinctively grabbing his forearm, her eyes growing wide, but she did not offer any real resistance. She looked him in the eye, sensing what he was thinking, and felt a delightfully severe blow across her left cheek.

Her breath stopped for a moment when she was struck, then started again. She didn't fully understand what it was about being slapped in the face that made her react the way she did, but she instantly felt her pussy tighten and swell. "Mmmm, thank you," she said, the intensity of her arousal apparent from the pitch of her voice.

"Are you ready to be ruined, Madison? Exposed completely? Ready to announce to the world what you are?"

Madison quivered in place as he held her. He was a taller man, maybe six feet, three inches, and though he was lean, he was muscular. He was bigger and stronger than nearly every man she had been with. "I - I'm ready, th- this little slut is ready," she said, having to force the words out due to her heightened arousal.

"Okay," he said, letting go. "What did you think of live-streaming the whole thing? Or at least making a video of this so everyone can watch later?"

"Hmmm...can we do both?" She asked.

"Sure, um - just need to open up your computer. There's a site that will stream it and record it for you at the same time."

Madison walked over to the computer, trembling, and opened it up, pointing the webcam on the bed. "There, just - just let me know when you're done setting it up so I can post the link on my Webslut Madison page." Nervously, she walked over to the bed, clasping her hands while he went to work setting up the display.

"Are you going to sit on the bed, or where do you want to be? Just trying to point the camera the right way."

"Yeah, sure," she said. The shakiness but eagerness was clearly audible in her voice. "Probably for the best. I'm going to start fingering myself. I won't be able to help it, it's going to be so - just the rush," she said with a laugh.

"But remember, no cumming today. I've seen you enough to know that as soon as you orgasm, you're going to start to have second thoughts, you're going to want to take it back. And the whole point of this is that you need to be prevented from doing that."

"Yeah, I - I know," she said nervously.

"Why don't you get comfortable there," he said. "I'll be done in a minute." Madison nodded and sat down on the bed, patiently waiting.

"Okay, recording started, livestream on, you ready?"

"Ummm - I guess so," Madison said, putting her head in her right hand, covering her face, smiling anxiously.

"Okay, well - you said you wanted to post the livestream link..."

Madison was already up off the bed, and as Aaron rose from the chair, Madison took his place, copying the link and pasting it for her followers on the Webslut Madison amateur porn page as well as the kink site she had joined a while back. "Okay," she said. "I don't know how many people will end up watching, I mean - not at this time of day, but -"

"Yeah that's why we have the recording," Aaron said, laughing.

"Yeah, definitely."

"So why don't you explain what you're doing today?"

Madison took a deep breath trying to calm her nerves. "Okay," she began as she exhaled. "Ummm - so you all know about me, obviously, or you wouldn't be here." She laughed anxiously.

"Go on," Aaron said.

"So you know how much I like - want to be exposed, I guess," she said, starting to settle in. "Like - in an awful way, so everyone knows - like all my real friends, my family. Basically my whole school knows at this point but like - I want to make it worse."

"How are you doing that?" Aaron asked.

"So I'm going to basically doxx myself all over social media, if that's even a thing. Like - basically just post all over that -" Madison took a deep breath to steady her nerves. "See now much I'm shaking, I'm so nervous to do this because it's going to be so bad!"

"What are you going to post, Madison, come on. You know you need this."

"I don't know! I don't know if I can!"

"Okay. Take your top off, Madison. Take it off and give yourself five hard slaps yo the face."

Madison nodded, exhaling.

"They've all seen your tits. It's not a big deal."

"O-okay, yeah, true," she said, laughing as she finished. She raised her hand to her face and rubbed her cheek before slapping it hard, slapping herself again two more times. She looked up at the camera.

"I'm so ashamed I actually like slapping my own face," she said. "Like - nobody should want that. It makes me so like - so turned on, so - I feel so pathetic doing it, I'll just do anything..."

Madison raised her opposite hand to her face and slapped herself two more times. "Ohhhh that's good," she moaned, her teeth chattering from the arousal. "What was I supposed to do?"

"Tell everyone what you're going to post."

"Oh yeah, I'm - so I'm - going to post some pictures and videos on my socials and links like -" she inhaled and exhaled anxiously before continuing. "Exposing myself - all over social media - like mostly non-nude stuff with captions. Like awful, humiliating captions. And letting everyone know they can find me, where to find me. So my whole, like - everyone I know will know I'm an exposed slut that gets off on humiliating myself." She paused and continued slowly, the words really sinking in as she considered the reality of what she was doing to herself. "My friends, old teachers, and even - even my family, my parents."

"What will your parents think when they find out their daughter is exposed, is a slut, craves humiliation?"

"They're - like - they - it'll be so bad - they'll be devastated." She said deliberately. She took a deep breath and exhaled again. "They'll never forgive me."

"And you want this?"

Madison wiped a tear from her face. "I mean I don't want - I like - I need it, I can't - I don't want to stop it, I - I'm so desperate for it."

"You're desperate to destroy your relationship with your friends and family?"

"I'm desperate to feel the humiliation that comes from it, I guess. To like - give that up - on purpose - so, so intoxicatingly hot. Even though there's an aspect of it that's - it's going to feel like shit, but it's like a runaway train, I can't stop it."

"You could stop it."

"I've wanted to so many times."

"And here you are."

"And here I am," she said with a laugh. "Destroy meeeee!" She said in a high pitched, fun, party-girl voice.

"Take off your shorts, Madison."

"My shorts...okay," she said as she sat up on her knees. "What are you looking at?" She joked as she looked at the camera. "Come on, you've all seen my pussy and ass before."

"Yeah, but they haven't seen you intentionally destroy your reputation using social media," he said as she pulled her shorts to her knees.

"Maybe they have, if they've been paying attention and watching my socials in the wee hours of the morning!" She sat down and slid the shorts down her lower legs and off.

"This is different, isn't it? That was just risky exposure play, this is total self-destruction."

"I know! Oh my god I'm going to be so destroyed!" She knelt on the bed, her ass resting on her feet, covering her face with her hands.

"Hands away from your face, slut." Aaron commanded. "Let then all see the face that's about to be an internet sensation." She moved her hands away obediently and he slapped her hard in the face. "That's for covering it up. Every time you try to hide you're getting slapped."

Madison's pussy was dripping now as her mind entered a different state. God, she was so uncontrollably horny! He pressed his thumb into her mouth and hooked it inside her cheek, turning her to look at him. "You said you wanted to jump right in, didn't you?"

"Mmmhmm," she said without hesitation.

"Okay, then," he said as he pulled his thumb out of her mouth and stepped away. "Which social media account are we going to expose you on first?"

"Umm -" she said nervously, "let's start with my Twitter."

"Okay. Let's make this one a little tame. Work your way up. Grab your phone and find a bikini picture."

"Okay," said Madison with a nervous laugh. She flipped through her phone and soon found a picture of herself at the beach, standing next to the water, posing with one knee out and her hands on her head. "This one?" She asked.

"Sure. Now we're going to tweet this picture and follow it up with a couple more. I think it needs an explanation and a link, don't you?"

"Umm - I mean - explanation?" Madison spread her legs and started touching her pussy, wondering what he had in mind.

"I'll write the first one for you. All you have to do is click post. Then follow with a link to your Webslut Madison page and your webcam show."

"Oh my god - right there for everyone to see!"

"I know, Madison. It's going to sting. But remember, you said you wanted this, you talked about it all week."

"Mmmm, I know," she said, stroking her pussy hard. "Its going to be horrid. But it feels so fucking good! I like it when it's - it's so bad!"

"See, you know you need it. You've been fantasizing about total destruction for so long. You've done so many disgusting, humiliating things trying to get there. Isn't it time to let the cat out of the bag? Here, post the picture and hand me your phone."

"O-okay, h-here," she said, shaking with excitement, having posted the picture. It wasn't like she had never posted a bikini picture to her socials before, but usually to snap or Instagram, where it was more common.

"Alright. Just one second." He quickly typed it up and handed the phone to Madison. "Read it for your little cam show audience."

"Announcing myself as Webslut Madison Holt! See me exposed here. Spread/RT me and make me famous! Ruin me! Humiliate me, it turns me on ;)"

"Oh my god, Aaron!" She covered her face again, holding her phone, shifting position so her knees were up, out in front of her, together. "Asking everyone to retweet me?!?! What if like - you know - what if this keeps getting - what if -"

Aaron stepped forward and moved her hand and slapped her hard. "I warned you, slut. And I hope it does. I hope millions of people see your little announcement."

"Aaron - that's so - humiliating!" Aaron reached forward, rubbing her pussy briefly, sipping a finger inside. She put the phone down and laid back on the bed, her legs spread.

"Yeah, it-".

"It's brutal!"

"You asked for this, Madison. "Don't think. Just act. What does your pussy want?"

"Ohhh - my pussy - wants me to post it!"

"Then do it. Listen to that needy greedy pussy. How good will your pussy feel to know that it's on display to everyone you know and millions you don't?" He started fucking her hard with one finger.

"Ohhhh, so good, it's just - I'm never going to have a career, never going to teach -"

"Do you want to be a teacher? Or would you rather be a slut? A famous, exposed, humiliated slut?" He slipped another finger inside of her and started fucking her deep. It was too much.

"Ohhh! I'd rather just be a slut! I'll do it!Make me - make me a slut!" Her head was on another planet now, filled with arousal, filled with the most arousing sort of humiliation and shame. It didn't matter what the consequences were - or maybe it did, maybe it was the consequences of being brutally shamed that she craved. Aaron slipped his fingers out of her and stepped back.

Desperate, Madison picked up her phone and tweeted out the text as she reached for her pussy with her other hand. She almost came right there, recovering just in time to grab her phone and tweet a link to her Webslut Madison page.

"Ohhhhh goooddddd this is so bad!"

"If it's s bad why are you sitting there rubbing your filthy cunt?"

"It's so bad it's - it's so good, I want it bad, I want it all!"

"Okay, fingers away from your cunt, suck on them, relax for a minute. You can cum tomorrow morning, remember?" Madison nodded and took her fingers out and sucked on them as instructed. Meanwhile Aaron took her phone and posted a link to her livestream.

Madison laughed as she sat on the bed, calming down from her almost-orgasm. "Wow. I can't - oh my god, I can't believe I just did that. Like - everyone who follows me is going to see that!"

"You're being exposed, Madison - exposed for real. How does it feel?"

"It feels...awesome," she said with a giggle. "So reckless, I've never felt more alive. It's so, so, so humiliating. But it feels fantastic. Like I'm on a different planet!" Madison took a deep breath and exhaled.

"Are you ready for another one?"

"Ummm..." Madison looked around, laughing nervously. "Maybe?"

"You know what you're getting yourself into, don't you?" He asked.

"Yeah - I mean - I've been thinking about this - fantasizing for a long time. I don't just understand the consequences of this, it's just - I - a part of me wants it - to be as horrible, as awful as I can make it. I crave the worst of the worst, the most awful things to happen to me." Madison looked away for a moment, partially ashamed, completely aroused. "But I need you to push me, push me past the roadblocks in my head."

"I'll push you. Trust me. You need this." Madison nodded, biting her lip.

What account are you going to expose yourself on next? Remember what you said you wanted, you wanted this on every social media account you have."

Madison smiled nervously, hiding her face, turning away before turning back. She started to softly stroke her pussy. "God, Aaron, are you going to make me - make me really do them all?!"

He slapped her again. "No. But you are, because your needy desperate pussy wants you to, your desperate cunt craves it."

Madison bit her lip and nodded again, closing her eyes and opening them. She shook her head, her hair falling back behind her head. "I don't know, I might need some encouragement," she said shyly, almost flirtatiously, as if she knew she was going to do it but wanted to be told, controlled on some level.

"Madison, I can see how wet you are, even from over here. Isn't that encouragement enough? You know you need to be completely exposed forever. You don't want any way out, you want to be trapped and ruined forever by this. That's what you need. You need to ruin yourself. Do it, Madison, just accept that you need it and expose yourself for good and ruin your life. That's what you need."

Madison nodded, stroking her pussy. God, she was being so stupid, so reckless! But he was right - her cunt wanted it. She was desperate. She knew what the consequences were and she not only accepted them - she craved them! It's the whole reason she wanted this in the first place! "Okay, I - I'll - I'll do it - do my Instagram I guess."

"Okay, good, you're making progress. we need to find a picture. Here," he said, handing Madison her phone. "Something non-nude obviously. Or we could add some graphics to hide anything you can't post there, tits or whatever. Just pick a photo and we can figure out the rest. Just - make it filthy. You know you need it. How about one of those pictures where you wrote on yourself?"

Madison grabbed her phone and went through, scrolling, trying to find something. "Like - how bad should it be? Come on, push me. I need to be pushed over the edge here, to actually do this. To make it as horrible as I can."

"The worst. The most humiliating, exposing thing you have. You know the worse it is the better your little slut pussy is going to feel."

Madison, scrolling, held her phone in one hand and suddenly covered her face with another one. "Oh my god, this one - to his would be - so embarrassing, I don't know if I can do this to myself. God, it's so bad!"

"Let me see."

Madison held out her phone. It was a picture of her with "Madison Holt, Webslut Madison, Expose me, ruin my life" written on her naked body. And she was smiling like she truly did want it.

Aaron took her phone. He added some hearts over her tits and pussy, but the writing was still almost completely visible. Pulling up her account, he loaded the picture as if he was going to post it, then handed it to her. "What should the caption say?" He asked.

"Umm - here," she said as she started to type, then handed it back to him. "Finally want to be honest about what I really am. Webslut Madison. Love, comment, share, repost me, I need it! Google "Webslut Madison" to find my most humiliating content. I get off on humiliating myself"

"Oh my god," she said, covering her face, hiding a nervous but thrilled smile. "If that gets posted I'm going to be so ruined!"

"I can sense there's a part of you that wants to back out. But I know the more you do this - the more you fuck your desperate cunt, becoming absorbed by your own exposure - the more ruined you become. The more you expose yourself, the more you will close any exit on this, the more trapped you will be. And the more trapped you are - the better your little pussy will feel."

"You're serious about doing this - about actually ruining me?" She asked.

"The more you sacrifice yourself for this, the better it will feel, Madison. The only question is - how much are you willing to sacrifice?"

Madison sat on the bed, rubbing her pussy furiously, starting to moan. She knew he was right. "Okay - I'm going to - I'm going to sacrifice myself on my Instagram - I've been exposed there before but I - I'll do it again. Do it, please."

"You consent to being exposed on Instagram, with the picture you selected and the caption you typed out in your own words? Madison?"

She bit her lip, leaning back and spreading her legs, thinking of the consequences, stroking her pussy, building uo encouragement as she went. "Yes, I'll do it." She moaned finally. She rubbed her pussy hard, slipping two fingers inside.

"Done," he said, holding her phone

"Ohhhh god I'm going to be ruined!" She moaned, pushing a third finger into her pussy. She started to fuck herself furiously now, reaching the brink of orgasm, her face tightening, her cunt wet and sloppy.

"Don't you dare cum until this is done," he said. He reached for her hand, slapping it away. Madison glared at him, frustrated, desperate, needing more.

"The question is - are you serious about doing it, actually ruining your life? You're a few hard weeks of work away from taking it all back. But don't. Listen to that throbbing cunt of yours. You are desperate. What does that pussy want, Madison? Does it want to take it all back, to move on with your life? Or does it want this to get even worse?"

Madison moved her hand back to her pussy and softly stroked it. "I - it - I want it to get worse," she said. Her voice was shaky, the adrenaline and anxiety ever present as she spoke.

"You're going to be haunted by what you're doing to yourself, Madison. You know it. There have been others before you, they have moved on. But somewhere in a dark corner of the internet, they will be remembered forever, their names etched into the minds of all who witnessed their exposure. You're going to be one of those names, Madison Holt. I'm going to make sure nobody ever forgets, make sure you can't ever take it back. You want that too, don't you? Just say the word."

Madison started to slip two fingers back into her pussy. "Do my facebook next," she begged.

"You do it," he said. "I want you to make it as cruel, as extreme as you can. Make it so that when people think of websluts, they think of your name for decades. They think of your name first. Do it Madison. Your pussy needs it. You need to hit rock bottom. You need this to ruin your entire existence while you please your desperate, needy, swollen pussy, while you cum endlessly thinking of your own ruin."

"Ok - ok -" Madison said, stopping herself when she was ok the brink of orgasm again. "I - I'll do it."

He handed Madison her phone. "Do it. You do it. Make it hurt. Make it extreme. That's what your desperate count craves." Madison nodded in agreement. She eagerly took her phone and began to type.

"To all my family and friends, I need to make a public confession once and for all. Some of you may already have seen me somewhere or heard rumors. But I am posting to confess that I am really nothing more than a slut that loves to be seen naked and I want to be seen by all my family and friends and humiliated for what I am. I'm all over the internet known as Webslut Madison. I know I'm stupid for doing this to myself. I know it will absolutely ruin me, but that's what I want. It makes me feel so good, makes me cum so hard and I can't stop. I don't want to stop. I crave complete public exposure and humiliation forever.

If you really want to see me being a true slut just google "Webslut Madison" and watch the videos and see how much I love this. Share me, spread rumors about me, ruin my reputation and my life, I need it. Tell your friends. Repost so I lose all control and can't ever be forgotten. Send me a message or post and let me know what you really think of me!

Yours to expose and ruin,

Madison Holt"

Aaron took the phone and read what she had typed out. "Wow. Uhhh-"

"It's so bad. It's going to ruin me so much." Madison was touching her needy cunt again, legs spread as she sat on the bed, rubbing slowly but forcefully, her face contorted, her eyes filled with need and arousal.

"It's so nasty. Think, all your friends and family can see this as soon as you hit post...the longer it stays up, the more people see..."

"Ohhhh God, I know! It's so, so bad! But it's what my stupid slut pussy needs!" She slapped her pussy, the feeling of need only growing larger.

"Does it now?"

"Yes! I need to sacrifice myself, my career, my - ohhhhh god, sacrifice my reputation, my respect my relationships, sacrifice everything, because it makes my pussy feel so, ohhh sooo good!"

"You want to be fully exposed as a Webslut on your Facebook? Come on, Madison, listen to your little whore pussy and give her what she needs!" Aaron handed Madison the phone. Madison nodded.

"This is it," she said, her eyes filled with lust for her own destruction.

"You're giving up so much, but you know you need to. It's the sacrifice, the endless humiliation and suffering, that makes you feel so good. You're so masochistic, you know you need this to hurt, you crave the rush, the feeling of choosing to sacrifice everything, because you know you shouldn't want this, but you need to give yourself up, Madison. Come on. Hit that button. Destroy your reputation for good, so when your friends and family think of you all they see is someone they are embarrassed they even used to be associated with."

"Ohhhh that's it!" She slapped herself three times, right between her legs, hovered over the button and smashed it.

"There. Destroyed. Sacrificed. Waiting to see how bad this is going to be."

"Wow, Madison. How does it feel?"

Madison roughly rubbed her pussy as she spoke. "I feel so worthless - so stupid, so crazy, so - so exposed, ruined, humiliated - so, so turned on, it feels amazing but horrible at the same time! It's - its so amazing because it's so awful, because I'm destroying so much, because I chose this path for myself!"

"Two more. TikTok and snap. What's next. Come on, let's hurry up and get this done so you can focus on the reactions."

Madison's phone rang just then. Aaron picked it up and silenced it, giving it back to her.

"Who was that?"

"Don't worry about it. No looking at your calls until you're done. Got it?"

"But -" Madison started to protest, reaching for her phone.

"No. What do you think it is, someone wanting an interview?! You know that's not going to happen! No, it's probably someone who saw you and wants to 'help' you. They're trying to save you, Madison. Save you from yourself." He stepped closer, grabbing her by the throat, slapping her face hard.

"Do you want to be saved Madison?"

"N-no, I -"

"I'm the only one who can help you. Save you from your friends, your family. They don't understand you, what you need. I know what you need, and it's not to be saved from your own self-destructive passions." He let go and stepped back. "You're going to follow through until you're finished. Completely, utterly exposed and ruined. Humiliated beyond words. Your sloppy fucking exposed cunt needs it, needs it to be as destructive and agonizing as possible. Listen to your cunt. It knows best."

Madison nodded. She graced a finger over her pussy, needing more.

"Spread your legs wide. Let's ask her what she wants," Aaron said as he stepped closer, speaking directly to Madison's pussy, his face only a few inches away. "What do you want, you filthy cunt?" Aaron asked it. "What did she say?" He said, looking back at Madison.

"She said she - ohhhh, she said she wants to be tortured, to be - shown off, ohhhh yes! To be let out! To ruin Madison Holt in the worst way possible forever! She wants Madison to suffer, to sacrifice everything....ohhh my nasty little cunt can't take anymore! She said she wants all my friends and family and all their friends and family to see her and know that the girl she's attached to is humiliated and exposed! Ohhhh she loves it

"I will think with my cunt, sir. I'm a dumb, humiliated Webslut to expose and degrade. And I won't - ohhhh, I won't stop until it can't get any worse!" Madison rubbed her pussy as she spoke, thrusting her hips upward to meet her fingers.

"You're totally out of control, aren't you?"

"Am I? Or am I just being controlled my my filthy needy cunt?" She said with a laugh.

Suddenly Madison turned to face the camera. In her list seductive voice, she spoke directly to her viewers. "I'm Madison Kendall Holt, and I'm a dirty little exposed webslut."

"Okay - make it count, Madison. Snap or TikTok?"

"Umm-snap? I can post something nasty there. Plus - it will be quick and then I can make a video."

"Okay. Pick a picture, slut."

Madison grabbed her phone. She found a screenshot from a video where "Webslut Madison," "expose me please," and "humiliate me" we're all written on her nude body. "This one," she said. Her body shaking, she quickly posted it and tossed her phone on the bed.

"You know, the shitty thing is, you'll have to be partially clothed for TikTok."

"Yeah, I'll just have to talk really raunchy to make up for it."

Madison quickly picked her shorts up and put them back on, not bothering to button them. She picked up her tiny top and put that on also, handing her phone to Aaron to record her.

"Hi, umm - so I'm Madison Holt, and this - oh my god," she said, the thought of what she was about to do beginning to consume her. She hid her face in her hand and Aaron motioned to her to slap her own face, not wanting to be in the video.

Madison nodded and slapped herself as instructed. "Mmmph!" She went on. "I'm - I know most of you think - like, you know me as the good girl, the cute, innocent, maybe only occasionally wild girl who wants to be a teacher, but, umm - I have a confession to make." Her voice turned very sultry. "I'm not a good girl at all. I'm a very, very bad girl." She smiled at the camera before looking away, overcome with shame as she started to rub her pussy through her shorts.

"I'm here today to confess - like - you probably don't know how dirty I am, I -" she licked her lips before continuing. "I am exposed all over as a slut. A Webslut. Like - oh my god - fully nude, face. And I like - I'm begging to be spread around so everyone can see."

"But that wasn't enough, ohhhh! That wasn't enough, so today I'm - I'm like - confessing everything on all my socials - because - like -" she bit her lip and squeezed her right breast. "Because I like - want to be humiliated for it - I want everyone to know - I want to be ashamed - I know this is bad, I know I shouldn't - I know I'm ruining myself, my life and my future, but - my dirty little pussy can't take it anymore!"

"So please like - find my nasty content. My Facebook, my twitter, my snap, my IG, I've already posted confessions today. Google me, Webslut Madison, and like - repost me, everywhere - make it so I can't ever undo this. I am sacrificing myself for this. I know it and I - I don't even - I just need this soooo bad! I need to be exposed and ruined and I want all my friends, my family, everyone who knows me to know how nasty I really am!"

"So please, do this for me? Please make me nothing but a humiliated exposed slut with no future? And make it - make it awful, make it burn. I want to cry in shame and humiliation from this." She was really getting into it now, rubbing herself through her shorts, her desperate cunt controlling her, doing her thinking. Madison needed it. She craved it, and she wanted it to be even worse.

"Will you make my dirty little cunt go viral? Will you repost me? Share me with alllll your friends? Make sure everyone knows Madison Holt is just a worthless slut? Make me subject to constant humiliation? Make it so horrible, so awful, so destructive....ohhhh I want to go viral on social media for being such a fucking slut!"

"Don't save me, don't help me, it's - ohhhhh it's what I really want! Just - just - abuse me, share me, comment me and say the worst, ohhhh the most dreadful things!"

Aaron stepped closer and pulled her hand gently away. She looked at him like she hated him. "I was so fucking close!"

"I know. You're not done."

"I know - I'm so -" Aaron reached for her phone and stopped the recording.

"Yeah. You're so done. So ruined. Here, post it, slut. Before you back out."

Madison took her phone. Her whole body was shaking. She had never felt this level of excitement ever in her life. She took a deep breath, smiled, looked at Aaron, and posted the video.

"You should be ashamed of yourself, such an attractive girl, ruining your life on purpose."

"I am ashamed," she admitted. "It's like watching a time bomb tick down helplessly. I - I - ohhhhh I need this!" She was already rubbing her pussy again. "Can I please, please please cum?"

"You want to get yourself off to how brutally you've humiliated yourself, don't you?"

"Yes, yes! Ohhhh I'm such a sluuuut!"

"Not now. In the morning. You have hours and hours left. Need to let yourself get spread around like a celebrity rumor before you let go."

"I really do want to go viral. God, that would be hot!"

"Then keep going. Do it again. Post something so extreme, so satisfying, so intentional that everyone will pass it on."

Madison picked up her phone. She went back to twitter, looking at some of the tweets where people had tweeted her in response to her posts.. "Ever meet a girl who WANTED all her friends and all her family to see her as nothing but a disgusting slut? I'M THAT GIRL! please RT!"

Madison was so turned on she just kept going.

"Please everyone, RT all my most humiliating tweets I want to go viral for being a slut! Find me on TikTok, Facebook, IG, snap too!"

"Im a slut. RT and humiliate me."

"Gangbang, face slapping, humiliation, toys, dirty talk, exposure, sucking off a guy 3x my age all on Webslut Madison and I want everyone to see!"

"Fuck, have I doxxed myself enough? Can I fucking cum yet?!" She asked Aaron as she touched her desperate cunt. Her whole body shook. She was so needy. She would do anything to please her cunt. Her life was over and she knew it, now she just wanted the pleasure she deserved.

"No. Not until the morning. At this rate, by then you'll have rubbed yourself raw and the last thing you'll want to do is touch yourself."

She picked up her phone again, starting to read through the comments and replies.

"OMG Madison!!! Why are you doing this to yourself?!?! Are you crazy?! Smh". It was Sara, her former best friend from high school.

"I get so turned on by everyone knowing I'm a whore. I can't take it anymore so I'm destroying myself to feel good." she replied.

"Madison! Please don't do this!!! You're so much better than this!" Sara replied almost instantly.

"Too late. And I should be better but I'm not. Just go watch the videos and see what I'm really like inside and how much I need this."

"You are going to regret this, idk what got into you but you could do so much better!!!"

"I know. If I was already worthless it wouldn't be hot. It's the sacrifice that makes it hot, what I'm giving up for this. I want to be ruined Sara. You aren't going to talk me out of it. Nobody can. I don't want to be, I want to be nudged deeper until I'm stuck."

"You need help!!! Where are you I will come and talk!!!"

But Madison didn't reply. She didn't want to. She didn't want to talk, she didn't want to be saved, she wanted to be destroyed. She laid back on her bed, removing her shorts, spreading her legs, softly stroking her pussy, so needy and desperate. Almost having an out of body experience, she reveled in her humiliation. "I think I'm finally in heaven," she said softly.

With twenty two hours remaining until orgasm, Madison had already given up, given in, and accepted her fate. And while there would certainly be moments of doubt in the coming hours, she knew, she was done, roasted, spread and exposed for all. It was the fulfillment of her ultimate desire.


