Paki Mother -2

After that fu*k we didn't lived like mother and son but we were
living like husband and wife. Mother started to dress openly.

As Karachi is a warm city and in summers the temperature almost
reaches 40 degree so she usually wore in the house a long t-shirt and
nothing else. The t-shirt came to her thighs but when she walked the
wind would blow her shirt up and her ch**t will be in sight.

She type of clothing she only used when we were alone in the house.

Three mounts passed since the first fu*k. Now my final exams were
also over and I was free for two months.

It was the month of July and also the hottest month in Karachi. We
were having sex four times a day. The first fu*k would be in the bed
early in the morning, and then I would fu*k her at noon when he would
be busy in house chores. The third fu*k would be in afternoon after
lunch and the best fu*k would be in night before going to sleep.

It was no I was bored of fu*king but I wanted to try something
different. I had a fantasy to fu*k mother in public, in front of many
people watching us.

One day I told her my fantasy during a fu*k.

"Mother..." I said to her with my la*ra deep inside her.

"Yes my priye." she managed to say in between her heavy breaths.

"I have a fantasy."

"Ahhh.... wait a second priye, let me finish this fu*k." she said
while riding on me. In a few minutes we both came. Then she lied
beside.

"So... what have you in your mind?"

"Mother... I... I..." I paused for a motherent.

"Don't be shy priye." she said running her hand through my hairs.

"I... I... I want to fu*k you in public with hundreds of people
looking at us." I said in a single breath. I was a little afraid
because I didn't know what would be her response weather she would
like my idea or not.

"But we can't do this in this city. If anyone sees us then we would
be in great trouble." A smile came on my face as I heard her
response.

"We will go to another city." I said to her.

She thought for some motherents "Ok" she paused for a motherent and
then said "I will ask your father that Jimmi wants to go to somewhere
outing send some extra money for the air ticket and other expenses."

"So when we are going." I asked happily.

"Don't be in such a hurry." she answered laughing.

The next day mother phoned dad and told him the whole story that I
want some outing. Dad told her to send me to him but mother quickly
said that Jimmi wanted to tour his own country.

Dad agreed and told that to start packing and he will send then money
in to three days. I couldn't tell how happy I was not because I was
going for a trip but my fantasy was going to be true.

We left for Lahore in three day. Lahore in situated in the province
Punjab. It is one of the major cities of Pakistan. I had never been
to Lahore before. It was a beautiful place and the people were also
good. One thing that I like most about Lahore is the sexy girls of
this city.

We booked a five star hotel. As none of our relatives live in Lahore
so we decided to be husband and wife. We reached Lahore at 11 pm. As
we both were tired from the long flight so we fell asleep as we hit
the soft cushion of the hotel bed.

Next morning I woke up before mother and saw that her one of her stan
was out of her robe so I started sucking it.

"Ahh... that feels good. Carry on suck the other one also." she said
to me.

We had one of our best fu*king session that morning. Then we had
breakfast in the lounge of the hotel and left to see the city.

After two days of touring I reminded mother about my fantasy.

"Mother when we are going to do the real thing."

"Today evening my priye. I have an idea." she replied with a smile.

At last the evening arrived. Mother told me to get ready. We arrived
at a cinema.

"Mother I don't want to see a film. I want to fu*k you in public." I
whispered to her.

"Just wait and your wish will be fulfilled."

I was sitting on my seat with mother on my right. Our row was the
third one from the last. To my left another lady was sitting. The
film began. I was shocked to see that it was an adult movie.

The first scene started with a lady lying on a mattress in a park but
no one was around. Then two men came and sat on each side of her.
After a while they began to plat with her. One of them took of her
blouse and the other pulled down her skirt. She wasn't wearing
anything underneath.

"Look around." Mother whispered in my ear. I saw that by now my
people were kissing and fondling their ladies. Mother took my hand
and placed it on her stan and whispered in my ear "Go on... fulfill
your wish."

I cupped her stan and pinched her choochees over her clothes. She was
wearing a white skit tight shirt and faded blue jeans.

There was an arm support between two seats which could be pulled up
like the one which are in airplanes. I pulled it up such that two
seats became one. Then I moved in the centre and motioned mother to
sit on my lap facing me. The row behind us was higher than us so that
didn't have any problem in seeing the movie.

As she was settled I unbuttoned her shirt and took her big boobs from
her bra. Her 48D tits were suffocating in her bra. I punched her
boobs like I was boxing with them, it made her boobs bounce. Then I
took her choochee in my mouth and began sucking it. Being sucked by
her son in the public made her too much hot and she began aaahing
loudly.

I looked around and saw that everyone was looking at as. Around us
most of the audience was male and very few females were around us
therefore my priyeest mother was the centre of focus of all the
people around us.

I was sucking her wildly and she began to use dirty language. "Yeah
suck me... suck it hard... bite it... bite my choochee..."

"You have nice tits. I mean they are big... too big." commented the
man sitting on the right side of us. Mother said with pushing her
left stan towards him with her hand "Want to have them." He greedily
accepted the offer and brought his mouth to it and bit it really
hard. Mother let out a little scream.

I unbuttoned her jeans. She lifted up to let me pull her jeans down
but we didn't release her choochees. She took off her shirt
completely and got rid of the bra which was hanging from her
shoulders. Her pants were down till her ankles and I could feel a wet
spot on her panty. I inserted a finger to see the lubrication in her
ch**t. Her juice was flooding out of her ch**t.

I inserted the second finger, then the third and at last I was
fisting her. She came after few minutes. Then she pulled my hand out
of her ch**t and licked her love juice.

The man sitting beside had taken out her la*ra and was stroking it.
When mother saw him she told him "Let me help you sir." She knelt in
front and took his la*ra in her mouth which seemed of 10 inches.
While doing this she motioned me to take out my tool also.


I did as ordered. He came in her mouth without any warning. She was
surprised by the amount or sperm he shot. She was unable to swallow
all of it so she let it drip through and spraying the last few shots
on her stans. She licked to do that and then licking it clean. She
gave him an open mouth kiss to give him own taste.

By the time they finished I was ready. She quickly began sucking my
shaft. It didn't took me long to reach the climax but as I was about
to cum she stopped and said to me "I want you to cum inside me."

After saying this she stood up and got rid of rest of the clothes
which were on her body. Now my own mother was standing fully naked in
front of me waiting for me to fulfill my fantasy.

Nobody behind us was looking the movie because they were enjoying the
live show. Mother told me and the other man to adjust our positions.
She made us sit such that we were facing each other and one of our
legs were on the seats. Then she brought us close to each other such
that when our la*ras came in contact with each other they made an
inverted V.

Then she sat on top of our tools such that tacking my la*ra in her
ch**t and at the same time taking his la*ra in her ass hole. When she
adjusted herself comfortable with both her holes filled with hard
rods she began to move. We both were replying her thrusts.

Some of the studs sitting behind us whistled. When mother found out
that the whole public was watching her fu*k she became extremely hot.
She began yelling dirty words like,

"Yeah fu*k this bitch... Ahhhhhhhh...... Ch*d* mujhe zor zor se.... I
am yours... Ohhhhhhh...... Fu*k Fu*k."

She raised herself until our la*ras were nearly out of her holes an
then she let it go. She fell freely on our la*ras taking us deep
inside her so deep that I felt his la*ra touching mine.

All of us didn't last long. But what a coincidence that all of us
came at the same time. I shot my first load of the day in her...
deeeeeep inside her so deep that no one had ever gone. She came so
hard that her ch**t released a flood of her juice.

She stood picked up her clothes and went to the washroom for a clean
up. Everyone sitting behind us clapped as mother left for the
washroom. She bent forward to thank them for watching with so
interest.

In the mean time we also got dressed. When she returned she was all
cleaned up. Fifteen minutes of the movie were still left. So we
watched the rest of the movie without any more activity. The last
scene was the same as I and the other gentleman fu*ked my bitch
mother.

As the movie ended I bent towards her and whispered in her
ear "Thanks... thanks mother... thank you very very much." She gave
me motherly smile.


