Holding one of her hands, he nimbly hops over the shimmering moat and then guides her own jump over the threshold. Surprisingly enough, he arrives in the breezeway again, where his hat and coat still await his collection of them and his boots still hold their place under the bench. As Alice has neither coat nor hat to be taken, he gestures for her to have a seat on the bench, which she does and absently fumbles with her very uncomfortable-looking shoes. 

“My Room doesn ’t have a feature like this... that I noticed,” she observes. 

“I would suggest adding one,” he replies. “You must take care with Hearts. Especially your own. It won’t enjoy being tread on, especially by boots such as those. Would you like some assistance?” he asks, noting the tangle of laces she cannot see over the voluminous skirt of her dress. 

“Bloody... yes, please. I’m never wearing these wretched things again.” 

He giggles. “You mustn’t blame the boots for how they were made. Perhaps if you had a word with them about being more accommodating, you might suit each other better.” 

“Perhaps,” she agrees, smiling as he quickly unties the knotted bows and slides the heeled boots from first one foot and then the other. He does not proceed as quickly as he should; he rather enjoys the feeling of her ankle resting in the palm of his hand and against his fingers. For a moment, he imagines sliding his hand up her calf to the soft juncture behind her knee... 

But no. No! They are still courting and if he touches her like that now, he does not think he will be able to stop. He does not think he would be forcing himself on her, though, and a quick glance at her face confirms this. She is watching him as he tends to her, as he lingers kneeling opposite her knees... and there is no protest anywhere in her expression or manner. 

A soft, cool breeze wafts through the breezeway and she shivers. Tarrant stands, at once relieved and mournful that the moment had passed. “Come inside,” he invites, holding out his hand. 

She takes it and he turns toward the door to his Room – the one he had entered from the breezeway before – and opens it for her. 

“It’s so warm!” she exclaims. “And bright! How...? Oh...!” 

Tarrant follows her gaze up to the crystal chandelier. 

“Why does this all seem so familiar?” she marvels, meandering through the twelve-sided room, musing over the scenes on the floor coverings and the well-used and equally well-loved furniture. She does not seem to notice the sheet-covered dress form – her gaze slides past it without even the tiniest pause – for which he is very thankful. 

Turning, she smiles at him, shaking her head in awe. “I feel as if I’ve been here before, but that must be wrong. We both know I’ve never seen this place. I haven’t even seen your room in the castle!” 

He watches as she trails her fingers over a chaise that he had been particularly fond of and which had once resided in his grandparent s’ house when he had been a lad on the brink of adulthood. He remembers all the daydreams that had found him there, each quite lovely and fine, although not nearly so lovely nor as fine as the woman who touches it now. 

“Perhaps this all seems so very... homey to you,” he muses, watching her move on to caress the back of a threadbare wingback chair that his father had often dozed off in while waiting for the kettle to boil, “because you have been a resident here for... sometime now.” 

“A resident?” she asks. “But that’s impossible.” 

“Not if I had welcomed you into my heart previous to to-day ’s excursion ,” he argues quietly. 

For some reason, this suggestion makes her blush. “I’m sorry...” And apologize. 

He feels his brows arc at that. “Why-ever would you say that, Alice?” He asks, but he thinks of the dimly lit room she had left and the fire she had mentioned starting in the hearth and he believes he can guess what has upset her. 

“Well, my Room...” she begins awkwardly. “I would invite you over for a visit but it’s not really fit for visitors at the moment, so...” 

“Alice,” he interjects. “I do not doubt that you will extend an invitation when you are ready. I am happy to wait until that time.” 

She releases a long breath and smiles. “Thank you.” 

“It is—” 

“— my pleasure? ” she chimes in with him and he giggles. 

“Yes. Exactly,” he assures her. “Actually, I should be apologizing as I did extend an invitation to you and yet I don’t believe I have any refreshments to offer!” 

She smiles wryly. “Neither do I... in my Room, I mean. Perhaps we ought to bring a picnic basket next time.” 

He considers that even as he tries not to think about the last picnic they had enjoyed together. No, now is not a good time for him to think about how she had crawled onto his lap, had licked his lips, had sucked the juices from his tongue... 

He shudders, shakes his head and rasps, “We shall see.” 

She remembers, too. He can see her eyelids droop just the smallest bit. The tip of her tongue pokes out between her lips and runs along the seam of her mouth. Her teeth scrape over her lower lip and Tarrant has to turn away lest his mind wander along with that tongue and those teeth and he find himself shoving her out of his Room and releasing the portcullis to lock himself away from her. 

“Have you found the way out?” she asks softly. 

He nods, grateful for the diversion. “Yes, yes. Down the hall, to the left, we’ll find the door back to the Queen’s castle.” 

“And to the right?” 

“I am... not entirely sure,” he admits, glancing over his shoulder at her and then extending his hand. “Would you like to investigate it to-day or return to-morrow?” Either way, he’d rather they left his Room for now. He is not quite ready to explain the origins of these woven memories or the history of each bit of furniture... not when his reunion with them is still so fresh. 

Alice laughs. “Whatever gave you the idea that I could possibly turn my back on a magical door and leave it unopened?” 

“I beg your pardon,” he replies as she takes his hand. “That was a monumentally foolish question, wasn’t it?” 

“Not foolish,” she argues. “Perhaps one day I’ll surprise you by answering contrarily.” 

“A contrary Alice. A riddle for the finest of minds to puzzle over.” 

“You’ll solve it first,” she assures him and he feels his heart warm and his chest swell with pride at the evidence of her respect for him and her generous estimation of his acumen. “Now, what’s this right-side doorway, then?” 

Giggling at the sheer tenacity of Alice’s Curiosity, he relents, and when he opens the door for her, they find the breezeway again where they put on their shoes (again, he assists Alice with hers) and she straightens his jacket lapels after he shrugs the garment on and then she places his hat on his head, ducking under it for a quick peck on his cheek. 

“Some day,” she says in a tone that is Thought itself, “I shall have to tell you that I think... some part of me – my subconscious maybe – wanted to kiss you the first time I assisted you with your hat.” 

Tarrant leans forward, draws his fingers over her cheek and whispers, “And on that day, Alice, I shall tell you how very much I think I must have wanted you to.” 

She smiles and he grins and then he reaches out and opens the door. The portcullis is still suspended above their heads and the cobblestone corridor remains but now there is a modest and unpainted wooden bridge. And not even one of the drawbridge variety. It seems, Tarrant notes with raised brows, he has no intention of closing his heart to Alice now that she has found her way into it. 

“This wasn’t here a few moments ago,” she points out. 

“I noticed that as well,” he concedes. “Perhaps I’ve had a Change of Heart.” 

“A good one,” she amends. 

“Yes. I believe it is.” He is tempted to kiss her, here, in the middle of the bridge spanning the shimmering moat, but no. No, they have things to tend to... “Onward, then! To the right.” 

And to the right they go. Alice often gazes up at the ceiling – which resembles and arbor... and also a cloudy day... and sometimes a starry night, depending on the direction in which one tilts one’s chin and squints – and she marvels (just as Tarrant had predicted!) at the walls of the corridor: 

“How can your Room have windows that let in so much sunlight if this corridor is blocking and throwing shadows on so many of them?” 

“Why would you think this wall would behave in such a manner?” 

“Well, it’s here, isn’t it?” 

“And what makes you think my Room shares the same space as this corridor? Is this Above logic?” 

“... I suppose it is.” 

“If you don’t mind my saying so, Alice, I can see why you prefer things in Underland. Much more sensible.” 

She snorts softly but doesn’t disagree. The ivy-covered iron gate at the end of the hall becomes larger and larger as they approach it until it is a right proper normal size and Tarrant reaches out with his free hand (the one that is not still grasping Alice’s) and pushes it open. What it reveals is breath-taking... and far more than Tarrant had ever expected. 

It seems that marrying a Champion with the blessing of the Queen, herself, has its advantages. 

“What’s all this?” Alice wheezes. 

He begins inventorying from the greenest out: “Grass, trees, soil, sky...” 

“Yes, thank you. I can see that ,” she interjects, gazing out over the wildflower-crowded meadow, a shimmering pond in the distance and very greenly canopied forest beyond. “But what’s it doing here? And where is the castle?” Tarrant watches as Alice steps outside, still clutching his hand like a climber’s rope, and turns, looking back at whatever must be on either side of the gate. “There’s just an old stone wall on either side,” she reports. “Where has the castle gone?” 

“The castle is where the castle was and has always been, Alice. It is we who have moved.” 

“And where have we moved to?” 

“Here.” Obviously. 

“Wherever Here is,” she mutters. 

“Here,” Tarrant replies, “is Our Place.” 

Alice turns back toward him from surveying the meadow. “Ours?” 

“Yes. Yours and mine.” 

“But... How can that be? I haven’t asked the Queen for any land or bought any...” 

Tarrant stares at her for a long moment and then realizes... things are very different Above. Very different. Perhaps monarchs do not give land (in addition to the land that one inherits upon one’s birth, that is) to those in their service who have served... well. And Alice had served the White Queen very well, indeed. In fact, now that he thinks about it, perhaps some of this is for him , for his service to the Resistance and for completing his task of sending Alice on to Marmoreal safe and sound and carrying the Vorpal Sword! 

“Tarrant?” 

He shakes his head. Yes, yes! Alice is still waiting for his response. “There’s a Place for everyone in Underland,” he says simply. 

“And this is Ours?” 

He nods. “We’re courting so Your Place and My Place have come together to make Our Place.” 

“That’s awfully... thoughtful of them.” 

“Home is where the Heart is,” he concludes. He simply hadn’t expected Alice’s Place to suit itself so perfectly to his. Or perhaps his had suited itself to hers. It hardly matters now. Their Places are Together, and Tarrant doesn’t know if he’s ever seen such a pretty stretch of land before in all of Underland. 

“So... we’ll live here, then. Someday?” 

“If you like.” He tries to say this as neutrally as possible. Some other day – not to-day – he will show Alice His Place, or rather what His Place had been before the war. Some day he will confide in her the plans he had once made for it. Made... and abandoned. But not to-day. 

“So...” Alice begins again. “What are we to do with all this in the meantime?” 

“Ah, an excellent question, Alice. One I believe I have the answer to.” 

“Yes?” 

“Well, if you would like to move forward with the Courting... there is one other instruction aside from Speaking From The Bottom Of One’s Heart and Uncover One’s Secrets: we must also Reap what we have Sown. Before we can reap we must sow... You know what that means, don’t you?” 

“Um... Would planting a garden make too much sense?” 

He bends and presses a very quick kiss to the point of her chin in his delight. “No,” he confirms. “Planting a garden makes just the right amount of sense. And that’s just what we’re going to do!” 

“Start making sense? I should like to see that,” she teases. 

Tarrant snorts. “Silly Alice. We always make sense. And now, we’ll also make a garden!”