Hi, This is big gun (name changed) and I am a regular reader of HumanDigest. Let me share my experience right away with you without wasting any time. About myself: Age: 26...I am 6 ' 1 inches, tall and heavy guy with decent looks

and personalities and with a tool size of around 6 inches in height with 3 inches in width. About my aunt: Age: 36...She is 5 ' 6 inches tall, very fair with figure of 38-30-36. The best asset in her body are full round boobs.

This happened on a rainy day in mumbai when the rain gods were on full song and I was at work. All the offices were asked to close and while returning my mother asked me to pay a visit to my aunt's place since she was alone at home and uncle was on his business trip.

Though my aunt and uncle are married for the last 10 years, they haven't got the happiness of a child. Anyways, coming back to that day, I was driving towards my aunt's place when suddeny my bike skitted down and I fell with minor bruises.

By the time I reached at my aunts place, I was totally drenched and blood was oozing out of my hands. My aunt was not at home and she returned within 5 minutes completely drenched herself after some shopping.

Worry was ritten right on her face seing me in that condition and she opened the door in a flash. She changed her clothes in the bedroom and gave me a towel to clean myself and uncle's lungi to wear.

She called up my home and informed that I am hurt and she will not allow me leave since it was getting dark and the rain would also not stop. My uncle called up to inform that he will be staying back in Gujarat (since he was on a business trip to Gujarat)

and would return back after 2 - 3 days. My aunt immdiately prepared some tea and we were both sipping in when at that moment I realized how beautiful she is when she was wipping her hairs with a towel.

We finished tea and started conversation on the rains and other stuff. Suddenly the light went off and it was thick darkness in the house. She went to get a candle from the kitchen and came back to the hall making some kind of light available.

As I stretched my self because of the stiffness, she too lied down next to me and immediately placed her head on my lap. My junior was very ready and it was much closer to her ears. I know she was in mood and is not able to control her emotions.

I immediately adjusted my self and placed my hand on her head as we were talking casually. I noticed to motion of her breast while she was breathing and that made me aroused too much. She withdrew my hand from the head and kept it close to her neck area.

I was almost embracing her with 1 hand. Suddenly she made some movements to adjust and my hand touched the outer area of her breast. She was too excited to be controlled and lifted herself to ask me whether

I could help her that night by giving all pleasures that her husband couldnt give and hugged me for a response. Now since a long time, I too was not able to control my feelings and being a virgin till the age og 26 is not a joke.

Suddenly, I raised her head and planted a kiss on her lips. She too reciprocated by giving me her tongue in my mouth. I sucked her tongue thoroughly and then started exploring each and every inch of her body.

I immediately dived towards her breast and tore open the kameez she was wearing. There was a black coloured bra holding the 2 melons and I unzipped her bra ASAP and started sucking those love mounds and licked he nipples....

she started to enjoy and began crying with pain.... hhhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmm aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh were the sighs coming from her mouth. Then I proceeded downwards and undressed her completely and started exploring the thigh area.

She had just shaved her pussy and it was neat and clean. I clicked the clitoris and there were huge moans from her mouth...mmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaa uuuuuuuunnnnnnnnn ooooooooooooo..she was enjoying it thoroughly by pulling my hair with strength.

I too got into mood and removed my lungi to give her the fortune of seing my biggest asset. She took it deep in her mouth and I cummed inside her. Then again I started to lick her pussy and I could see some liquid flowing from her vagina.

I understood that she is enjoying it and it was her first orgasm which she must have been deprived off since a long time. I was new to sex and did face the initial problem of insertion to which she helped me out and I placed my big gun and started firing the first shot...

She couldn't control and hugged me tightly even kissing my shoulders with her legs crossed over my back. I started pressing again and again and got some momentum...I could easily hear her sighs....of passion and pain.. hhhmmmmmmmm aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fuck me...com'mon fuck me harder........ ummmmmm. I was too wild at that time and like a cheetah I felt like pouncing on a kill. I unloaded all my cum inside her cunt and was fully drenched.

This was the first time I have had sex and enjoyed it to the fullest. We laid there in each others arm for about 30 minutes and then I got up to pee. We had sex for the next 3 days as the rain Gods are always impressed on the city of Mumbai.

We tried different positions and everywhere in the house from hall to bathroom to bedroom. After 3 fulfilling days I went back home and came to know after some time that she was pregnant. Everybody praised uncle but it was me and her who knew the actual truth.

