Beyond the Blue, part 7		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and
male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.


Linda sat at the kitchen table sipping a cup of coffee when the
phone rang.  She answered it coolly.  Jim was on the other end
apologizing for being out all night and not calling her.  He
explained that he got drunk celebrating his fifth anniversary
with Al and his police buddies.  She was decidedly not happy, she
never was.  No amount of Jim's apologizing was going to make her
any less miserable.   His ass was cooked and he knew it.   She
was going to meet Bo's wife and spend the day shopping.  It seems
Bo was out all night drinking also.  They expected to be taken to
dinner at 7:00.  He better, they both better, be back and ready
for a big dinner out.  She hung up the receiver with a slam and
picked up her purse.

Jim sat on the edge of Al's bed and sighed deeply.  He knew he
was in deep shit and the charge card bills would show it later. 
Boy would they. He leaned forward, elbows on knees, and
contemplated his fate.  It was one night out drinking with the
guys.  It wasn't like he did it all the time; in fact he never
did it.  The latest he ever stayed out with one of the guys was
10 PM.  He was pissed that she reacted this way but knew he would
pay for it a long time.  His pounding head took over.  Good
grief, how much did he drink?

"By the way those shoulders are slumping, I would say your ass is
grass."  Al bounced on the bed and flopped out behind him.  His
body bumped against Jim's butt.  Jim's head was not the only
thing pounding, so was his dick.  It was still rock hard and
sticking straight out.  Where the fuck was his underwear?

"Linda is really pissed, really, really pissed.  She sounded like
I committed murder.  So, she is going shopping with Bo's wife.  I
can only imagine the bills for this little shopping trip next
month.  And where did Bo go?  He didn't go home last night
either.  You have aspirin?"

"Yeah, in the bathroom, help yourself.  Bo left about nine to
give Steve a ride home.  He was in pretty good shape then.  Maybe
they stopped somewhere else for a drink or two."

"Well, our wives are not only out shopping together but we have
to take them to dinner at 7.  God, I hope my head quits pounding
by then." Jim got up and walked to the bathroom. He kept his back
to Al to hide his erection.  He looked at his reflection in the
mirror and thought about the living dead.  Romero would love this look. 
Gulping down a handful of aspirin should help.  And peeing.  He pissed 
what had to be the equivalent of a pitcher of beer.  He yelled at Al.  
"How much did we drink?"

"A lot buddy.  I don't feel that great either, but I tend to
drink a bit more and more often than you.  How 'bout some
coffee?"

"That sounds great, you don't have to grind the stuff and make
noise do you?"  Al laughed at the thought and stretched out on
the bed.  Jim came shuffling back into the bedroom.  His big dick
flopped from side to side.  Al felt his dick responding.  Jim
glanced at Al spread out on his back on the bed.  His big nuts
hung from the leg opening of his briefs.  Jim looked away to keep
his dick from stiffening again.  He walked over to his clothes. 
"Geez, they're still damp. Was it raining?"

"Ooh, buddy, a lot.  We got soaked.  We can put them in the
dryer. Come on."  Al walked toward the kitchen and pointed Jim
toward the dryer.  Jim threw his stuff into the dryer and set the
timer.  He felt a bit uncomfortable still being naked.  He turned
around and found his buddy standing at the kitchen counter making
coffee, completely naked. "Didn't want you to feel uncomfortable,
we're both big, er, grown men, we can handle being naked, right?"

"Uh sure.  I think I ate my socks."  Jim made loud sucking sounds
to describe the taste of his mouth.  He looked at Al's big muscle
butt and thought he saw hints of bruising.  The butt was round
and hard.  Full and furry. The small of Al's back was like a
shelf of muscle as the butt flared out.  His back flared into a
wide broad V-taper up to deeply etched back muscles along the
shoulders.  Jim felt a whimper go through his body.  He was
enjoying the view when Al turned around.  The big, furry pecs
thrust forward and hung over a sharply defined furry six pack
that tapered to a thick bush and a fat, thick cock.  A cock that
was nearly erect and hanging in an arch over a huge set of low
hangers.  Jim was too hungover for this.  He slouched into a
kitchen chair and scratched his nuts.

"You want some cereal or eggs?"  Al motioned toward the
cupboards.  Jim thought several seconds about food.  He didn't go
running for the bathroom.  That was a good sign.

"Cereal would be great, whatever you have?"  Al opened a door and
pointed at about six different kinds.  Jim pointed at the first
one and Al put it on the table.  But not without shaking it
first.  Jim looked at him through tiny slits for eyes.  He got
them bowls, spoons, milk and sugar.  Jim watched the big legs
flex and the long cock flopping with each step.  It was becoming
more and more difficult to ignore the hot man.  Al was perfectly
natural being nude in his home.  Nothing he did hinted in the
least of sexual suggestion.  Or so he wanted it to look that way.

Jim slowly ate his cereal and sipped coffee.  "If we're still
partners in another five years, don't let me drink so much."

Al smiled.  "Sure buddy.  Look, blame it all on me.  You know
Linda thinks I'm a bad influence on you anyway, so let her
continue to think that."

"But you weren't holding my hand, making me drink all night."

"Doesn't matter, that's what she'll think no matter what.  Don't
keep yourself in the doghouse if you don't have to right? 
Especially if she is pregnant."  Jim's face went white.  "What's
wrong?"

"Al, I don't know if I really want to have kids.  I mean, I want
kids but I don't know if I want them with Linda.  I'm having
doubts."

"About the marriage?  Well, maybe you should not practice the big
nasty if you don't think there's a future here."

"Oh, it's more than that, I don't know where I stand anymore with
the whole thing, men, women, sex, kids.  It's too complicated
right now.  My head hurts enough."  He sat at the table
whimpering holding his forehead being overly dramatic.

"But man, if you don't think you can make a life with Linda, you
need to figure that out before a baby comes along.  I know you
buddy, you'll stay married if there's kids, cause that's what you
think will be best for them.  It isn't always.  And what happens
if you stay married and you have three or four kids but are
really miserable with Linda.  I don't want to ride in a car with
you everyday when you're that miserable."

Jim looked pitiful, even more so than for being hung over.  "It
goes beyond Linda to any woman, I just don't know where I fit
right now.  I need to figure that out real soon."

"Yeah, I guess you do.  Look, you need someone to yap at, I'm
here."  Al got up to put his bowl in the dishwasher and his
nearly erect dick jogged out in front of him."

"Thanks. Anymore coffee?"  Jim walked over to hand his bowl to Al
just as the man turned around.  Jim came within a fraction of an
inch of touching Al's big dick.  Al took the bowl then poured
them both another cup of coffee.

"You want to grab a shower?"  Jim nodded yes and Al handed him
a towel.  He stood under the hot spray praying it would suck the
remaining alcohol out of his system.  Just being near Al was
causing his sexual confusion to go into overdrive.  His heart was 
racing, his palms were sweaty and his dick was just a tad away 
from being fully erect and embarrassing him.  He toweled off and 
walked into the bedroom.  Al brought in his dry clothes.  Where 
the hell was his underwear?  Al jumped into the shower as Jim lay 
back across the bed.  He was asleep when Al came out of the 
bathroom.  Al laughed softly, set the alarm for an hour and 
climbed into bed with him.

They awoke an hour later spooned together.  Al's arm was up over
Jim's shoulder.  His hard dick was pressing against Jim's beefy
butt.

Jim lay awake hoping Al would hear the alarm and move.  "Uh,
honey?  Turn off the clock, please.  And please remove your
umbrella from my butt, please."  Al woke up with a quick start,
realized what he was doing and rolled away from Jim only to fall
off the bed.  Jim lay on the bed laughing until he was red in the
face.  Al poked his head up over the edge of the bed.

"I am so sorry Jim, really."  His face was bright red.  He looked
totally crushed at having been humping against his partner in his
sleep.

"Al, I'm OK, really.  Nothing to worry about."  Jim sat up on the
edge of the bed.  "I mean after all, it's not like I am going to
get pregnant or anything.  I won't will I?"  Al threw a big arm
over the bed and laughed.  He stood up, a big throbbing hardon
pointing at his partner.  "Well, if you're going to point at me
and accuse me of this being my fault, I'm going home."  Jim
walked over to his clothes, but kept his back to Al.  His own
dick was throbbing and wasn't about to go down.  He got dressed.
Al pulled on jeans and walked him to the door.

"I hope things aren't too bad with Linda.  Blame me."  Jim stood
at the door and turned to face him.

"I can't do that.  I wanted to be here with you.  Thanks for five
years, good years buddy."  He hugged Al and left.  The doorbell
rang.  "I didn't drive.  I need a ride."  Al just snickered at
him.
*****

Bo sat next to Jim at dinner as their wives chattered on
incessantly.  His thigh brushed against Jim's and stayed next to
the hot meaty quad.  The heat from Jim's leg went straight to
Bo's dick.  He spent most of the night fidgeting as his dick
fought for space.  Their wives finally wandered off to the ladies
room together.

"So, where the fuck did you end up last night that you didn't
make it home either?  I mean, at least Al and I had an excuse to
be out partying.  You left early."  Jim smacked Bo's thigh under
the table.

"I dropped Steve off and stopped somewhere else for a drink and
ran into Kenny from the motor pool.  Well, one thing led to
another and I didn't get home.  By the way, you look like shit. 
How does Al look?"

"Much better than me.  I'm not used to all this drinking and
partying. Where did you and Kenny go?"

"Some neighbourhood place, then back to his place.  Bad judgment
on my part, I am soooooooo in the doghouse."

"So am I.  I'll be paying for this one night out for a long time.
Way long.  Shhh, here they come.  So, do you really think the
Cubs have any chance this year?"

Linda shot Jim a look.  "Is that all you think about, sports?  I
swear, anything involving balls."  Bo and Jim shot looks at each
other.  They didn't know they were doing it for the same reason 
for the same reason.  The wives began droning on about home 
improvement projects and Bo's mind began to wander.

The night before Bo left the guys at the restaurant and dropped
Steve off at his home.  On his way home he found himself on
Sussex Street and heading for the Garage.  It was still
relatively early and the bar had few patrons for that hour on a
Friday night.  He stood to one side of the bar watching the men
mill about.  There were several who caught his eye but no one he
wished to approach.  He was contemplating leaving when Bill
arrived and immediately came over, bought him a beer and grabbed
a handful of pec.  The attention was all Bo needed in the way of
persuasion to stay.  What Bo wasn't prepared for was the arrival
of a well-built beefy buddy of Bill's - Kenny.  Kenny and Bo
immediately recognized each other.  Bo was about to panic when
Kenny picked up on his nerves and told him to relax.

Kenny was the chief mechanic of the police department motor pool.
Bo spoke with him on many occasions about the police cruisers. 
He also spent time chatting with him about lifting and admired
Kenny for his perfect tight symmetrical build.  Kenny was a hot
blue-collar man who got Bo's juices flowing.  Kenny put Bo at
ease right away.  He was a rugged, very dark Italian man who
reeked of macho sex.

"Hey, big guy, I'm here because I want to be here.  I'm gay; I
sleep with men and am perfectly satisfied with who I am.  I also
just happen to work in a pretty non-gay stereotype job.  But I
get to be around big hot men like you all day.  Well, except for
Earl."

Bo took a deep breath and tried to relax.  His heart was racing
at being outed to someone from work, but Kenny seemed like an
all-right guy and wouldn't blab to everyone.  Besides which, he
was wearing a tight tank top to show off the super hot pecs and
jeans that couldn't contain what had to be a big thick piece of
meat.  The three men stood around bs'ing and getting forward with
each other.  Bo was more than a bit sloshed and enjoying the feel
of the two muscle men's hands on his body.  He made no attempt to
hide his erection and enjoyed being free with two such hot men. 
Bill was working his shelf of pec muscle and Kenny had his hand
down the back of Bo's jeans.

"Man, I always thought you had an awesome butt.  This hard ass is
super."  Kenny's fingers were working their way toward Bo's
hungry hole.  A hot finger slid in just as Bill gave one of Bo's
nips a good solid twist.  Bo thought for sure he had dropped his
load but his dick only seemed to get harder.  The fingers working
his butthole were making him sweat.  Bill pulled Bo's shirttail
loose and slid his hands under the tight material to the hard
tits.  Bo threw his head back and groaned.

"I think the officer needs some training, don't you?"  Bill
looked at Kenny who was two seconds away from pulling down Bo's
jeans and burying his tongue in the big cop butt.  "Want to go
back to my place and play?"  Kenny jumped at the chance and Bo
had to admit later, he never thought about his wife.  Only the
two men working his body and getting naked with them.  They
sucked down their beers and headed out the door.  The three men
followed each other to Bill's place.  Bo managed to get out of
his shirt in the truck and arrive shirtless with his jeans half
undone.  Kenny immediately pulled them down and began licking
Bo's muscle butt.  Bill and Bo spent several minutes sucking
tongue before Bill asked Bo what he needed.  Bo's only response -
dick.

He dropped to his knees and waited while Bill and Kenny stripped.
The beefy bodybuilder fed the big hunk of cop his dick and
watched Bo swallow it like it would be his last.  Kenny was
slurping at Bo's ebony ass and pulling back and down on the big
cop cock.  Bo was lost sucking Bill's hard prick while Bill
worked his nips into sore nubs.  Bo didn't think his chest could
feel so good.  He knew how much he liked sucking his wife's tits
but she never sucked his.  Never sucked his dick for that matter.
Kenny had the big rod bent back and was sucking on it while
finger fucking the hot ass.  Bo's muscles were taunt and flexing
at each move of his body.

Bill pulled his dick away from Bo to the loud moans of protest. 
He pointed toward the bedroom.  Bo had to pry his dick from
Kenny's mouth.  It was the first time he had seen Kenny's gym
built body.  It was lean and tight and cut as Bo imagined.  What
surprised Bo was the horse cock flopping from thigh to thigh.  He
had glimpsed what he thought was a healthy basket from time to
time but this was a big surprise.  Bill flopped back on his bed
and waved his dick at Bo who spread out on his stomach and sucked
down the offered shaft.  Bill tossed Kenny a condom and lube and
lay back to enjoy the view of the big muscle man sucking his
dick whose ass was about to be horse fucked.  He looked down at
the broad expanse of back glistening with a light coat of sweat.
Bo's black skin shone like black marble in the light.  The
perfectly sculpted muscle butt appeared as two half rounds with
an inviting cleft between.  Bo's shaved head bobbed up and down
on the dick in front of him.  Bill pushed Bo's smooth head down
on his dick, which only made the big cop moan more.

Kenny raised Bo's butt up a bit and pushed.  Bo felt what seemed
like an endless mass of cock split his butt.  Bill held his head
on the dick in his mouth so all he could do was grunt and groan.
Kenny pushed his entire dick up Bo's ass and held it there to
allow the beefy cop to adjust to it then slowly began pulling
out.  All the way.  Bo whined as if to say no but felt the blunt
mushroom head pushing against his asshole again.  Kenny pushed in
faster this time then began slowly fucking the hard muscle butt.
Each push sent Bill's dick deeper into Bo's sucking throat.  Both
Bill and Kenny were manhandling Bo's nips.

"Oh man, you don't know how long I dreamed about reaming your hot
uniformed ass.  This is one prime beefy man."  Bo struggled to
keep Bill's dick in his mouth as Kenny picked up the intensity of
his fucking.  He could feel drops of sweat dripping from the lean
man's body and visualized his ass being pummeled by the sexy
mechanic.  He felt his big fat nuts start to churn and a few
seconds later his load splattered onto Bill's thick thigh.

"Oh oh, he's been a bad cop and shot his load, guess I'll have to
punish him a bit.  Bill pulled his dick out of the begging mouth
and slapped it against the man's face.  Bo felt the hard flesh
and couldn't believe how good it felt smacking against him. 
Kenny pulled out and switched places with Bill.  He pulled the
condom off his donkey dick and resumed slapping Bo's face.  Bill
lubed his dick and began his own assault on the cop ass.  The two
men kept it up for over an hour, neither of them cumming.  Bo
managed to hold off dropping another load but the two men had him
on his knees begging them to shoot on his huge pecs.  His chest
expanded to unbelievable proportions as he gasped for breath. 
The big square pecs hung over tightly cut, deep abs. His smooth
skin made the cuts look even deeper. He got what he wished for as
two fucking huge loads of hot cum hit him with stinging force.

Bo ran his hands through the slippery mess over the hairless skin
and used both his hands to stroke his meat.  Bill pushed his
hands off the big black fuck pole and told him he wasn't
finished.  Kenny bent over and spread his ass cheeks for Bo.  The
horny cop didn't have to think twice to bury his bone to the
balls.  He held the man by his hard round delts and fucked him
like he was in the rodeo.  Bill slid his cock down Kenny's throat
and skewered the grunting man from both ends.  Bo returned the
favour by tugging downward on Kenny's nips.  The man began
bucking to get more dick and more titplay.  He wrapped his arms
around Bill's waist to keep the big dick all the way down his
throat.  Bill had to brace himself and push forward from the hit
he was taking from the cocksucking madman and the ass crazy cop.
Bo threw his head back and began panting.  His dick slipped out
of Kenny's ass.  The pulled the condom off and sent cum shooting
over Kenny's back onto Bill's chest.

Bill's screamed. "Oh yeah, fuck."  Kenny swallowed Bill's next
load and collapsed on the floor.  Under Bo.  The three sweaty men
rubbed each other's wet cum covered bodies, rested about 20
minutes and started again.  Bo finally realized after getting
fucked for the fourth time that it was four AM and he was in deep
shit.  He took a quick shower, grabbed his jeans, hugged and
kissed Bill and bearhugged Kenny.

"The motor pool ain't never gonna be the same, you assfucker." 
He bent the man backwards with a heavy kiss and rushed out the
door.  Kenny and Bill curled up in bed and theorized how much
trouble Bo was in with his wife.  They were glad they liked dick.

Bo felt his wife tense as he crawled into bed.  All he heard was
a deep sigh.  If she said anything after that, he didn't hear it
as he zonked out and woke up with a load of cum in his underwear
from his dreams.

"You paying any attention Bo?"  Bo's head snapped left as his
wife's voice broke through his hot mental images.  The restaurant
noise crept back into reality.

"Sorry, honey, guess I wasn't."

She snorted and announced she and Linda were heading to the
ladies room again.  Bo took a deep breath and muttered under his
breath.

"You didn't miss much.  About 45 minutes of blah-blah,
yadda-yadda-yadda, blah.  You only pissed her off cause you got
that faraway look in your eyes.  I got a feeling we'll both be
sleeping alone for about a week."

"Humph.  Might as well sleep alone all the time.  She hasn't
given me any sex for a month."  Bo leaned back in his chair and
stretched.  The knit pullover stretched tightly over the big pecs
and swollen nipples. Unfortunately, he forgot about his daydreams
and his pants were showing off a major erection.

Jim's eyes opened wide and he shook his head.  "Well, she must be
really pissed to pass on that."  Bo dropped his chair back to the
floor and looked around.

"I am so tired from last night but I am also so fucking horny. 
My nuts will explode before she lets me near her."

"Ditto.  Plus, we had sex a few days ago and Linda swears she is
pregnant, so there goes sex for a long time.  I'll match your
exploding nuts for six months."

"Nine."

"Oh fuck, yeah, nine."  Whine.

The women came back and announced they were having dessert and
then wanted to be taken home.  They gave their dessert orders and
Bo said he and Jim were going to the men's room.

"Don't be sneaking out to the bar for a drink.  I don't want to
smell alcohol and tomorrow is church."  The two men groaned
silently.  They were about to enter the men's room when Bo
grabbed Jim by the jacket and pulled him out a side door into a
back alley.

"Uh, buddy, I wasn't too happy about going to the men's room with
you but what are you doing?"

"This?"  Bo whipped out his big dick stroked it hard and began
beating off.  "Come on.  Jerk off man.  It's the only sex you're
going to get tonight."  Jim couldn't believe his eyes but also
couldn't pass the chance.  He pulled out his dick and joined Bo.
They hid behind a dumpster, leaning against each other's
shoulders and jacked off.  Within seconds of each other, they
sent cum shooting against the dirty brick.  Bo shook his dick dry
and stuffed it back into his pants.  Jim slowly put himself back
together.  They got back to the table as their wives finished
dessert.

"You weren't drinking were you?"

"No dear."  Cops in unison.  They parted company in the parking
lot with slaps on each other's backs.  Jim changed into sweats
and got comfortable to watch TV, alone.  His wife had gone to bed
but not before handing him a blanket and his pillows.  He threw
them on the sofa in the spare room and sat down at the computer.


"You've got mail."  Jim jumped as he hurried to turn down the
volume on the computer.  He received a hot picture and letter
from a big, musclebear in Phoenix.  The man was not shy and
gladly told Jim what he could do for him and how good a fuck he
was.  Jim freed his cock from his sweats, stopped, then walked
over to the door and locked it.  There was another email from his
buddy in Chicago.

"Hey guy, hope all is well.  Was thinking about you and got hard.
Had to tell you what happened last night.
Had the little party with co-workers to celebrate my partner's
and my fifth anniversary. We got just a bit drunk.  OK, we got a
lot drunk.  My partner didn't drive and I was too drunk to drive
him home so we went back to my place.  He could hardly get up the
steps so I half carried him. He fell across the bed and went cold
out to sleep.  I couldn't let him just sleep in his soaking wet
clothes, so I undressed him.  After all, he was sharing my bed. 
Yeah, I know he could have slept on my couch, or I could have,
but that thing is really uncomfortable.

So, I peeled off his clothes as he lay there.  Gotta admit I
wanted to just take his big dick in my mouth and suck it down but
I didn't.  I did play with his nuts though.  He has these really
big hefty low hangers, the kind you know are just full of hot
cum."

Jim fondled his nuts and squeezed the fat bag.

"I held them in my hand and felt their weight.  Man, they were
nice and heavy and fat.  I love to suck on balls like that and
wanted to so much, but between the late hour and the several
pitchers of beer, I let him sleep.

He doesn't seem to remember any of it.  I did cup those big furry
pecs a couple of times and just lightly pinched his nipples.  I
don't know what he would have done if he had woken up and found
me playing with his chest.  Later, after we had some breakfast
and got showers, he fell asleep on the bed again.  I took the
opportunity to get a small nap myself and curled up next to him.
I'm hoping he thinks it was just an accident to wake up with my
arm around him, but it was on purpose.  Although, he did catch me
off guard.  It felt so good to lay there with my arm around this
big guy.

I have to do something about this soon.  I don't know if I can
continue to work this closely with someone I am beginning to
think I love and not be able to act on it.  Maybe request a
transfer to another partner but that seems so cruel.  Didn't mean
to unburden myself on you but in a weird way I got to sleep with
the man I love and he doesn't know.  But I did keep his
underwear.

Keep the pump buddy"

Jim saved the message and signed off the system.  He carried the
blanket over to his big over stuffed recliner that his wife hated
and curled up.  His dick was throbbing but he ignored it.  He
stared across the dark room and felt, what?  He wasn't sure.

To be continued, comments - suggestions?		
lennoxbear@gmail.com 
Beyond the Blue (c)2000
