Title: Harem Spies by Alexander Sunshine

MMF MF MM MMMF

Blurb:  This story is about a young female soldier named Lilac in the fantasy country of Lasanland.  This is the story of she ends up in a threesome relationship with two of her fellow soldiers.

********************************

Lilac walked into the auditorium, where the air buzzed and echoed with the casual conversation of her fellow soldiers.  She scanned the crowd for a familiar face among the sea of green uniforms but one was not found.  All of the military had the same uniform for occasions such as these, whether they were marksmen, swordsman, white magicians, or black magicians like herself.  She walked up the stairs a picked a row to sit in.  She chose a seat with a good view and casually observed the scene.  She looked for her good friend Reiny, who should have been easy to spot.  Besides herself Reiny, and a handful of others, all of the soldiers were male.

In front, on stage, some commanders she recognized were taking turns shaking hands with a young man about her own age.  He was a tall, strong-looking, and even handsome young man.  He wore a soldier's uniform, and had long, thick, wavy brown hair that was tied back, and hung to the hemline of his pants.  He had a strange palor however, reminiscent of rich folk who spent all of their time shut up inside of their mansions.  Nevermind that a rich man would never join the forces, everything else about his appearance suggested a rugged, battle-hardened soul.

The auditorium continued to fill up, and soon a loud group of young recruits sat directly behind her.  She could hear every word of their conversation:

"Hey, look at that guy on stage." said a young man's voice.  That guy looks just like Viktor Urkutes."

"Yeah, it does look a lot like him." said a different voice.

"I think it is him," said a third voice.

There was a stunned silence.  "How can that be him?  He's in prison, they wouldn't let a maniac like that out, would they?"

Lilac wondered who this Urkutes guy was, the named sounded slightly familiar to her, but she could not connect a face nor a circumstance to it.

"Hello everybody!" said a man on stage.  "Let's settle down.  We are ready to begin."  The chatter in the auditorium quickly died down.  "Welcome everyone.  I hope you all had a relaxing vacation.  I'm not going to lie, there is some hard work ahead of us, all of us.  Next month will be the 10th anniversary of the day we won the war against the Sun Republic, but as we all know, the underlying conflict goes on.  It is clear that the Sun Republic still is a threat to our existence, they still scheme to take away our land, and maliciously slaughter and enslave us.  It is a great evil we face, a country that represents hate, greed, and spiritual bankruptcy.  They are not going away, not anytime soon, and so we must fight.  I have confidence in all of you, in your courage, strength, and skill.  Each one of you is a hero, and one day in the future, our people will think of their ancestors, of us, and be grateful that we risked our lives, so that they could be free.  Thank you."

The crowd applauded as the speaker sat down, and another one stood up.  The applause died down as he began to speak.

"I'm pleased to introduce our newest recruit, Viktor Urkutes."  He stretched his arm towards the young man Lilac had observed before.  As he continued to speak, the auditorium seemed eerily silent. "Let us all give a warm welcome to our newest member.  His great skills and courage will be a great asset for our new undertakings, as we defend our country from the nefarious Sun Republic."

There was some light applause, as it died down, Lilac could hear the kids behind her speaking again:

"I heard he cut a guy's foot off for accidently stepping on his.  Or maybe it was he sliced off his leg at knee, I forget."

"That's not true.  What happened was, he cut off a guy's finger's for accidently taking his drink in a bar."

"They wouldn't let a guy that crazy out of prison, would they?  He was in prison only for murder, if he had done those other things he would have convicted of those too."

"'Only for murder' he says."

"Well, it was supposedly in self-defense."

Lilac studied Viktor as well as she could from that distance.  She thought he did look like a merciless man.  Even though he was sitting down, he subtley showed the swaggering pride of an unrepentant criminal.  She had an epiphany right then.  That strange palor Viktor had, it was because he had been locked up in prison before now.  But why would he be released now, and even let into the military?  She frowned, even if the things they were saying about him were not true, she could sense he was a man of repulsive character.

The speaker continued to speak: "Now, I will explain how things are going to work here for a while.  Some of the neighboring buildings have been converted to barracks, and you will all be staying in them, so that we can make use of you on a moment's notice.  We will divide up the males and females.  Since there are so few of the latter, the ladies will stay in the same area.  Once I let you all go, you should sign into a barracks and reserve a room for yourself.  Each room will house two soldiers.  After that, sign up for training wherever your barracks is.  Okay, thank you very much for coming, dismissed."

The auditorium  became loud as crowd dispersed.  "Lilac!  Lilac!  Over here!"  A voice said amongst the din.  She turned around and saw her best friend Reiny smiling and waving.  "I haven't seen you in too long!" she continued.  Lilac gave her a hug.

"I looked for you but I couldn't find you."

"Oh well, we're found now.  Let's go sign up for dorm rooms.  Wanna be roomies?"

"Sure!"

"Did you notice that Viktor guy?"

"Yeah, he's scary looking.  I think he just got out of prison."

"He's so sexy and dangerous."

"I guess."

The next day Lilac and Reiny woke up at dawn to go to the daily training.  As they walked across the training field to where the others were congregating, the rising sun colored the sky orange and purple.  The air was moist, cool and fresh.

Reiny slapped her dorm-mate's shoulder.

"Ow!" said Lilac.  "What's wrong with you?"

"Look, it's Viktor, he's right there!  Oooh!"

"Relax." said Lilac.  She saw him among the crowd, talking to some other guy.  Their eyes met and he imediately excused himself from his friend's company and strutted towards the two young women.

"He's coming this way, he's coming this way!" said Reiny.

"Shut. Up.  You are so embarassing."  Lilac did her best not to yell.

"Hey ladies." he said when he arrived.  "Nobody told me that such beautiful women would be in the military!"

"Awww..." said Reiny.

Lilac remained silent.

"What are your names?"

"I'm Reiny, and this is my best friend Lilac."

"Hello," Lilac said.

"What a beautiful name, 'Lilac', very fitting.  My name is Viktor."

"We already knew your name," said Reiny, blushing.  "Everyone knows who you are, you reputation precedes you."

"Oh, well, let me show you how to tell whether the rumors you've heard about me are true or not.  If it's bad, it's all exaggerated.  If it's good things you have heard, it's definitely not exaggerated, and all true."

Reiny giggled and Lilac managed a smile.

They all heard a whistle blow.  The sergeant motioned them all to get into formation.

"Well, it was nice meeting you lovely ladies.  Unfortunately, now I must bid you my leave.  Bye."

Lilac watched him walk away.  She grabbed Reiny and they walked to their positions.  "Why are you acting so silly around him?"

"He's hot, that's why."

"He's good-looking, but so what?  There are other good-looking guys around, ones that aren't low-life criminals like him."

"Oh, I forgot, you like the good guys like <i>Paaaris</i>."

"Shut up!  You're so loud!"

Reiny laughed.

The drill sergeant blew a whistle again.  "Sorry to interrupt your social hour ladies!" he said, not sounding sorry at all.  "Get to your places!"

They found themselves close to Viktor again.  Reiny smiled and blushed.  Lilac did her best to ignore him.

"It's so warm out here!"  Viktor said loudly.  Lilac turned to look at him in spite of herself.  "Ahh!  That's better", he said as he took off his shirt.  He looked over in Lilac's direction and gave her a wink.

"Oh brother!"  She quickly looked away, barely glimpsing his impressive physique.

"He thinks you're playing hard-to-get.  I should of tried that!"  Reiny sighed.

The sergeant glared in her direction, and that was the end of the conversation.

Later at dinner time, the the two girlfriends went to the cafeteria together and saw Viktor again.

"Let's go sit over there, with Viktor!" said Reiny.

"Please, no."

"Oh c'mon, he won't bite you.  Paaaris is sitting with him!  Look, they are talking to each other."

"Really?"  Lilac looked and saw that that was indeed the situation.  She thought it was strange someone like Paris would associate with someone like Viktor.

"Come on!"  she said, pulling Lilac's arm.

"It looks like I don't have a choice."  She could that the male pair was looking at them and so she quit resisting.

"Hey!" said Viktor enthusiastically.  "There's plenty of room here, sit right down!"

Lilac watched Paris as he turned his face down to spoon up some of the food.  She admired how that pose accentuated his long pale eyelashes.  Soon she noticed Viktor regarding her unabashedly, and so she looked down at her own food quickly.

Lilac stayed quiet throughout the dinner while Reiny chatted up Viktor in her usual perky fashion.  Lilac wanted to talk to Paris, but Reiny and Viktor and dominated the conversation.  By the time they were all done with their food Lilac just wanted to go back to her room and throw her covers over her head.  She could not stand being so close to beautiful Paris, yet not be able to reach out to him.

She even left Reiny behind as she threw her leftovers away and left the cafeteria.  As she walked through the hallway she heard her name called behind her.  Lilac turned around and could see Viktor approaching her.  She turned the other way but he hurried up to her.

"Hey," he said.

"What do you want now?" She said with a sigh.

"Don't be mean to me, it hurts my feelings." he said, resting his hand dramatically over his heart.

"I'm sure it does."  She tried to walk away.

"Don't go.  I want to talk to you about something."

She continued on.

"It's about Paris!" he said.

She stopped, hesitated.  She could not resist.  "What is it?"

"I know why you rebuff me so much, it's because you only have eyes for Paris.  I see the way you look at him."

"I don't-"

"Wait, let me finish." he said, putting a finger to her lips.  "I have a little proposition for you.  An arrangement that would benefit us all."

"A proposition?"

"First, let me tell a secret about your lover boy.  I happen to be well-acquainted with his current lover, and from his current choice, I can tell you that you don't know him as well as you think you do."

"His current lover?"  Lilac felt her heart sink to her knees.

"Don't feel bad, there his hope for you and him.  You see, this lover I speak of... is me."

"You!  You and Paris?"  She was stunned, she did not know how to feel.

Viktor laughed.  "Yes, the two of us have spent a few very pleasant nights together."

"Well then, I suppose I'm not his type."

"Oh no, don't make that assumption.  Allow me to get to my proposition.  Well, first, here is the situation laid plain: the situation is that you want Paris, and I want you, but I have Paris."

"That's a coarse way of putting it."

"Nevertheless, I'm a generous man, I don't mind sharing sometimes."

"You don't mind sharing?  What are you talking about?" she asked, exhasperated.

"Well, I'll try to put this delicately.  Paris and I are going to be sharing a dorm room.  What if tonight... you happened to come by and pay us a visit?"

"A visit for what?"

"Oh anything, a variety of things.  I think the three of us could have great fun together.  I'm sure Paris would agree."

"The three of us?  Together?"

Viktor laughed.  "That's what I said."

Lilac stayed silent, her heart raced as she pondered the surrealism of the situation.

Viktor laughed again.  "It's okay.  You don't have to answer now.  I'll let you think about it.  Our room is in the Hutchinson building, room 30A.  If my proposition interests you, come by any time after curfew.  I hope to see you there.  Bye."  

"Wait a second..." Lilac barely managed.

"Sorry, gotta go!"  He spoke and walked away quickly, not giving her an opportunity to possibly say anything else.  Lilac leaned against a wall, in shock of what he had just proposed.  She could be with Paris, tonight.  But Viktor would be there.

That night, when Lilac lay down in bed she could not sleep.  She felt an excitement that was like fear: her heart pounded so hard she thought it would wake Reiny.  "I could go there, but I won't." she thought.  She couldn't.  She did not want to be like those other naive girls, those other notches on Viktor's bedpost.  But she could imagine going.  As she lay restless through the night, she could imagine the entire scene:

She would wait until noisy Reiny's snoring began, and quietly slip out of the room, wearing her robe and nothing underneath.  She would walk barefoot, the cold tile stinging her feet as she made her way to their room.  When she arrived at the door, she'd wonder whether she should knock, or just try to turn the knob, perhaps they left the door unlocked for her.  She would try the knob first, since it would be quieter, and find that the door was indeed unlocked.

Inside the room the two handsome boys would already have started.  In the dim, flickering light of the lamps at both sides of the bed she would see Viktor on top of Paris, his long dark hair loose and streaming down his muscular back.  They separate from each other's arms to look at her, pleased that she had finally arrived.  They each moved to opposite ends of the bed, beckoning her, making room for her right between them.

Standing at the door looking at them for a moment, she quickly took her place between them.  The bed would feel so warm and soft in contrast to the cold hallway.  The young men would put their strong arms around her and commence kissing her.  First, Viktor, the more eager one, would draw her lips to his and take her breath away as he hungrily partaked in the mouth that had spoken such blunt rebuffs against his advances.  Meanwhile she would feel Paris's gentle hands stroking her belly and neck, while Viktor kneaded a breast with a hand and drove into her crotch with the other.  This would continue as she moved to kissing Paris.  She would run her hands up and down his body, wherever she could reach, she would want to know how each part of his body felt.  Viktor would run his tongue along her neck as she continued to make out with Paris.  That would bring her desire to a new level, and so she would reach out for their throbbing staves, stroking each one softly at first, up and down, and then as her passion grew she would squeeze and pull them haphazardly.  Lost in the waves of pleasure, she would not notice at first as they pulled away from her and changed position.  Almost asking why they stopped, instead she would watch as Paris positioned himself between her legs.  He would bend down and put his tongue to work at her most sensitive regions.  Viktor would stay at the head of the bed, and continue stroking her breasts.  He would give her another long, hot kiss on her lips, and make a moist trail down to her breasts.  First he would gently run his soft lips around her breasts, eager to feel the skin of his face against them.  Then he would gently finger her nipples as he pushed her breasts together and licked at her cleavage.  Paris would still be rhythmically lapping away at her crotch as she sat up the little she could to look at him.  He would look very handsome with his face downturned, and eyes closed, emphasizing his long eyelashes.  Lilac would almost cry out as Viktor began to suck at her nipples hungrily, one and then the other.  

She would feel herself getting close to all she could take, but then they would stop again.  Viktor would guide her to turn over and get on her hands and knees.  He would roughly take her by the chin and guide his dick into her mouth.  It took her off guard as she simultaneously felt Paris enter her from the other end.  They would pull her in conflicting directions as they thrust in and out, but soon their rhythms would synch up.  Slowly but firmly, Viktor would thrust his penis into and out of her mouth.  She gagged at first but, tried to relax and became more acclimated to depth.  Viktor would moan, his deep voice wavering.  "Yeah, suck my cock." he repeated.  "You suck it good."  Paris would be relatively quiet, as he thrust in and out she would hear his raspy breathing.  Led by Paris, the rhythm would slowly get faster as he neared climax.  "Oh..." he'd say suddenly.  Realizing that he would come soon, the idea of it brought Lilac to a new plateau.  His excitement would feed her own and soon they were both moaning and panting as they both climaxed.

He stopped and got off of the bed, while Viktor still continued his work.  "Oh, now it's my turn."  He moved away from Lilac.  She tried to sit up, but soon Viktor moved behind her and forced her back down.  "I'm going to fuck you good," he said, practically to himself.  Lilac moaned in anticipation, but at first he only teased her, rubbing his stiff member, still slick with her saliva, against her thighs, and then around her entrance.  She moved forward and propped herself up with the top of the headboard such that she was almost standing on her knees on the bed.  Paris came into view again and got back onto the bed.  He put his hands to her breasts and fondled them curiously, as if he had never felt such things before.  He lifted and moved them, admiring their quality.

Viktor finally began to thrust into her.  He went slow for only a moment to get his bearings, but then he went faster and faster.  Lilac could both feel and hear the crack of his flesh hitting hers.  He grunted loudly, making sounds more like and animal than a man.  As he violently worked away, Paris, in contrast, continued to gently caress and knead at her breasts, while continuing to let his tongue mingle with hers.  Soon, she felt Viktor pull away from her, but he continued to moan.  "Ah, yeah..." he said as he came on her back.  "Don't move, he said.  "I don't want to wet the sheets."

"What do you want me to do then?" she asked.

"Paris," said Viktor, "come here and clean up."

He obediently moved behind Lilac, and soon she could feel his tongue moving up and down her back, and into her crack where some of Viktor's mess had dripped.

"Make sure you get it all," Viktor said casually as he watched.

Once he was satisfied, Lilac would get up to leave.

"You're leaving us?  Won't you stay and rest with us?"

But Lilac would refusee, the offer would be attractive, she would not want to get caught in their room in the morning.

As she completed her fantasy she thought, "why didn't I go?  It probably would not have gone so well anyway.  Maybe Viktor lied, and Paris would not be there at all.  Oh well, it's too late now."  On the ceiling she could see some rays of light from the sunrise, streaming in from the window already.

*******************

The next morning the two friends went to training again.  They were just in time yet there were only a few people there.

"What's going on?" said Lilac.

"No training today!"  A young male recruit said.  "We have to go to an assembly.  Follow me everyone!"

The group followed him to one of the academic buildings, and into a classroom.  The room was so packed there was barely room to even stand.  At the front of the classroom was Major Chang.

"All right everybody, quiet down." he said.  "I know this is short notice, but we must dispatch a select group of you immediately.  I will read the list of names.  When I am finished, those of you whom I have not called will leave.  All right, here are the names..."

The major called out around 20 names.  Lilac was weary and excited as he proceeded to call out her own name, Reiny's, Paris's and Viktors among the list.

"We are being dispatched.  I can't wait to see some action!" said Reiny as most of the other soldiers streamed out of the cramped room.  "I'm so glad we are both going together.  Gimme five!"

Lilac raised her hand up and Reiny slapped it enthusiastically.  She looked around at the people left and her eyes met Viktor's.  He smiled and continued his conversation with Paris.

"All right," said the Major.  "The rest of you here are being sent off immediately to the capital of the Sun Republic for a special mission."

"The capital of the Sun Republic!" said Reiny.

"That's right.  We have received intelligence that Emperor Zortach is looking for some fresh meat for his harem.  Tonight he will be choosing from a selection of men and women chosen arranged by one of our deep cover agents.  We will place some of you in the group in the hopes he will pick at least one of you."

"You want us to join his harem?" said a woman.

"Yes.  I know this is unusual, but the position would give you all special access to his private quarters in his palace.  According to intelligence, only there can we find the documents outlining his potential plans to attack our fair country.  Your mission is to get chosen to join his harem, get the documents as soon as possible, and immediately escape.  Before you find the documents, it will probably be necessary for you to fulfill requirements of your job.  Again, I realize this is an unusual assignment, but I hope I can rely on all of you to act the part, and do whatever is necessary to act the part, even if you find his desires distasteful."  The major looked at his watch.  "It's getting late.  We must leave immediately if we are to arrive there in time, it is a long journey.  We are riding in on a caravan.  I will come along.  If any of you have any questions you may ask on the way.  Let's go, men and women."

"Whoa, this is weird." said Reiny to Lilac.

"Yeah..." said Lilac.

"We'll probably just get to do some sight-seeing.  I heard that Emperor Zortach likes men.  We probably won't get picked."

"Oh, that's a relief."

"Don't you kind of want to be picked?  I mean, what if he picks you and Paris.  Maybe he'd want to watch you two together..."

Lilac blushed.  "You have such a dirty mind.  You're already imagining what might happen in detail!"

The major led them to a carriage.  They got in and rode to a shipping station where the caravan was waiting.  The caravan consisted of a dozen or so long carts connected together.  In the front, six elephants grunted and trumpeted, waiting to start driving through the coarse.  The group of them walked past carts full of boxes of vegetables to the back.

They all got in and soon the caravan was stirring up clouds of dust as it trekked through the desert.  Lilac and Reiny sat together, quiet as they drowsily gazed off at the rolling desert.

"I can't believe we're going there on a caravan.  We'll be driving all day.  I'm going to take nap." said Lilac.

"Good idea," said Reiny.

When Lilac woke up Reiny was gone.  She yawned and wondered where she was.

After a moment she could hear Reiny talking to Viktor in the covered cart behind them.  In spite of herself she climbed back there.

She saw them in each others arms, kissing hungrily.  Something about the sight sickened her a bit.

"Do it to me Viktor, right now, quick, before anyone finds us."

"Mmmm, I can't resist following orders of a lady."

"Would you eat me out first?  That way I'm sure to come."

"Well, aren't we direct.  You tell me exactly what you want... I like that."

Reiny pulled down her panties and hopped onto a box and lay back.

"Oh, you've got me so worked up, let me do you first, and then afterwards I'll eat you out, okay?"

"I guess that would work too," she said, giggling.

The box was a little tall and so she got back onto the ground.  Viktor grabbed her and pushed a hand up her skirt.  "Ohh, you're all sticky for me."  He turned her around and then loosened his pants.  He slid them down to his knees and then entered her slowly.  Lilac flinched at the sight of his shapely but pale rear end.  Reiny let out a high moan and grasped the box in front of her stiffly.  He quickly started thrusting into her.  Lilac thought he moved just like she imagined he should, fast and aggressively.  He slapped one of her thighs and then started thrusting even faster.  They were both quiet though, neither of them moaning, but both gasping for air.  Soon Viktor let out a long gasp and slowed down.

"Thanks for the ride babe."  He said as he pulled his pants back up.  He started walking past her to leave.

"Hey, you said you'd go down on me."

"Oh yeah, whatever.  Some other time."

Lilac giggled in spite of herself.  What a jerk!  She felt glad at that moment she had not visited him the other night.  Fortunately no one heard her.  She quickly climbed back into the other cart.  She waited there, pretending to still be asleep, to give Reiny an opportunity to sneak back.  Soon she realized she had fallen asleep again.  She wondered how many hours had passed.  She heard someone climbing in and turned around.  "Reiny?"

"No, it's me."  said Viktor, smiling fiendishly.  "Hey Lilac, I just gave your friend Reiny a good ride, do you want a turn?"

Lilac folded her arms across her chest, flabbergasted.  "Don't you have any shame?  Isn't there anything you won't say?"

"Well, it seems you are a bit blunt-edged yourself.  Come on Lilac, why do you dislike me so much?  When the time comes that we have to work together, don't tell you wouldn't enjoy it."

"If the time comes, I will simply will do my job."  Lilac turned away from him, annoyed.  There were a few silent moments.  She glanced at Viktor, wondering why he had not left yet.  In spite of herself, she was curious to aske him something:  "Aren't you supposed to be in prison?  How did you manage to manipulate yourself out?"

"Oh it was easy, I just made friends with Commander Rosetta, and did some... favors... for her."

"Yuck!  I'm sorry I asked!"

Viktor laughed.  "The ladies can't resist the Viktor Er-cute-man!"

"You must be using magic to get them out of their minds!  I'm a magician myself, so it won't work on me!"

He laughed again.  "We'll see..."  he said quietly.  Finally, he waved goodbye and climbed out of the cart.

A few hours after the sun had set, the caravan finally arrived at its destination.  At the station they met with the deep cover agent.  The group of them were led by uniformed men into the palace.  

The palace was a monument to the best of the Sun Republic's architecture.  The tall rooms were completely lined with the rare orange stone of the desert that was flecked with gold.  Finely woven tapestries of green, gold, and blue hung from the walls.  They were led up a tall, spiralling staircase and down a hall and into storage room.

"The Emperor will meet you all very soon.  Before you do, put on one of these garments.  The ones in the pile on the left are for the men, and the ones on the right are for the women.  Go on now, put them on."

The garments were all made of thin, gauzy white material.  The ones for the men consisted simply of a loin clothe that was loose and flowed to mid thigh.  The garments for the women consisted of a thong brief, and a luxurious translucent robe that fastened at the very top, muting the view of the breasts but leaving the rest of the front naked.

All of the participants found a garment and put them on as they chatted amongst themselves.  

"Here Lilac, this one is a little too small for me, it should fit you perfectly." said Reiny.  "Hey, look, Viktor is watching you."

She looked across the room and saw that he was.  He smiled as he pulled down his pants.

Lilac sighed but then Paris got her attention.  He faced the other way and so she shamelessly gawked at him.  It was so unreal, that she had the opportunity to watch him naked.  She admired his muscular arms and back as he picked up a loincloth to put on.

She did not forget she was here for serious business, however.  And so she hastily snapped out of it and put on her uniform.  When she was done she looked down at her body.  The material was very cool, soft and pleasant, like nothing she had ever felt before.  She was proud knowing that she must look quite nice in it.  Viktor caught her eye.  He quickly gave her a thumbs up, and licked his lips salaciously.

The leader clapped his hands.  "I see everyone has found a fitting uniform, now I will lead you to the emperor's chambers."

Instead of leading them back out the door, they went through a different door, and found that their room was adjoining to where the emperor was.  It was a throne room.  He sat on the opposite end of the huge, long room.  The path to the throne was lined with ornate pillars.

Lilac thought the emperor looked evil and cruel.  He was aging a bit, hard lines starting to form at his severe cheekbones and small eyes.  His hair was razored short and of a dark, but dull color.  He looked muscular but in a way that looked more cruel than handsome.

"Men, stand on this side and face this way, and women, stand on the other." said the Emperor.  He lazily took a sip from his goblet and savored the drink.  He set the drink down, stood up, and sauntered down the aisle looking at the men and glancing at the women.  "Ooh, you did a good job."

"Thank you, your highness."

"This reminds me of my 7th birthday, when my father, may his soul rest, took me downtown and told me I could pick any house I wanted for him to turn into a playhouse for me.  I wanted to have them all, but realistically, I would not have time to use them all."  He turned silent as he stared at Paris.  "Ohhh..."  He took a strand of Paris's shining silver hair in his hands and stroked it.  "Oh!"  Next he put one hand in front of him and one behind him, running his fingers along his skin gently, stopping to squeeze a few areas.  "Oh!  I'm definitely taking you!"

He turned to Viktor who was next to him and put a hand on his shoulder.  He smiled.  "You too.  Now, for the women."

He turned around and ran his eyes across the women briefly.  None of them seemed to really catch his eye.  He stopped in front of Urda, who did stand out a bit.  She was very tall and strong, almost masculine despite her long golden hair.  "You."  He said, his face very close to hers.  "I don't know... let me ask you something:  What's your name?"

"Urda, your majesty."

"Urda... that's wasn't the question.  Urda, do you like me?"

"More than that, your majesty," she spoke in an obedient, monotonous tone.  "I love and revere the emperor."

"Oh, ok."  he said disinterestedly.  He paced around but suddenly stopped in front of Lilac.  "You, do you like me?"

Lilac could barely mask her reaction to his odd question.  "Umm... yes?"

"That's not very convincing!" he said affectedly.  He laughed.  "I'll take you too."  He turned back around to the men.  He admired them, savored the sight of them silently.  After a few moments he finally spoke: "All right, I'm done.  I'd take you all but I only have so much room on my bed.  I should get a bigger one."

"The servant will lead you to your chambers.  I'd love to play tonight but I'm oh-so busy.  Tomorrow night I'll get my chance."

The three of them were led to the harem quarters.  It simply consisted of one expansive room lined with a plush carpet.  Large, simple cushions were spread about randomly.  The other harem members, male and female, lounged about, some of them sleeping, others eating, others talking, and a few having some intimate moments.

Lilac felt uncomfortable there.  Reiny was her only friend, and she was not there to talk to.  Fortunately, the other harem members were very warm and friendly.  She fell to talking with them all night.  They told the three of them all about the ins and outs of living in the palace.  Some of them spoke of how they ended up there.  Lilac lounged amongst the cushions and listened until she found her eyelids getting heavy, and fell asleep.  One of the last things she saw was Viktor making out with one of their new friends.

***************

The next morning the three of bathed and breakfasted with the rest of the harem members.  Lilac marveled at how pleasant their lives were.  All they did was have sex, eat, and frolic around the beautiful palace.  She kept them at arms length however, needing to avoid questions she could only answer with lies.

Another night came, and Lilac was beginning to forget that she was here to do a job.  So far, it was like a vacation.  She lay on a cushion listening to her peer's cheerful yet vapid conversation when suddenly, a uniformed guard came in.  He requested the three new harem members and led them out of the room.

Lilac felt nervous as the three of them were led into the Emperor's bedroom.  What if he told her to do something she was not willing to do?  Their cover would be blown.

The bedroom was expansive and highly elegant.  At one end was a broad bed, as large one of their dorm rooms back home.  There were four fireplaces, a row of couches away from the bed.  Along the walls were paintings and strange sculptures of savage mythical animals and exotic sexual positions.  The room was dimly lit by candles.

Zortach was sitting on the bed drinking wine again.  His eyes lit up as he watched them enter the room.

"Why hello... we are going to have some fun tonight, heh heh."  His spoke slowly, he seemed to be a little drunk.  "Come here onto the bed, all of you."

The three of them did as they asked.  All of a sudden, Zortch forced himself onto Paris, knocking him down onto his back.  Holding Paris's face in his hands, he voraciously kissed him over and over again.  This went on for a long time.  Lilac started to wonder if she would have to do anything sexual at all.  She looked at them and savored the unusual experience.  She was right there, watching Paris make out with the Emperor of the dreaded Sun Republic.  They continued at their kissing even more, and soon she was getting bored.

Finally Zortach lifted himself from on top of Paris and wrapped his arms around Viktor.  Paris had passively laid on the bed, but Viktor seemed eager to take a more active role.  He put his arms around Zortach and met his savage kisses with equal fire.

The emperor moved away from Viktor soon and looked at Lilac, but then back at Viktor.  He ran his hands down Viktor's torso until his hands slid into his loincloth, and he gentley slid them down.  Viktor's cock bounced out, purple and erect.  Zortach ran his fingers along the shaft briefly and then held it at the base.  "Come down here and suck his cock," he said, looking into Lilac's eyes.

She obediently reclined down, propping herself on her elbow to be at the right height.  Viktor moved closer to her while Zortach guided his penis into her mouth.  Viktor moaned as she slowly moved her head forward and backward, her lips squeezed firmly around his throbbing member.

"Now, suck his."  Lilac looked up and saw Zortach had his hands on Paris's shoulders.  She repositioned herself and took hold of Paris's dick.  This time, first she only ran her tongue up and down his shaft, while gently stroking his balls with her other hand.  "Oh yeah," Zortach said, he seemed to like the show she was giving.  He grabbed her by the hair and pushed her face closer to Paris, forcing his cock into her throat.  She gagged a little but knew to try to relax.  He pushed and pulled her head back and forth.  Paris grabbed hold of her hair too and sighed.

Lilac felt the bed move and heard Zortach's voice:  "Okay, everybody off the bed now!"  The three of them obeyed and stood next to the bed.  The emperor grabbed Lilac and led her to a desk that was by the bed.  He took her slender neck with one hand and forced her face down onto it, making her bend over.  Viktor somehow knew what to do: he immediately got onto the desk and grabbed one of her arms.

"Take her other arm!"  Paris followed his command.  Now Lilac was in an uncomfortable position.  Viktor held her arm down a little to hard, and the edge of hard desk jutted into her ribcage.  The surface of the desk was cold and hard against her face.  She felt a hand caress her backside, and it tickled.

"You've been too quiet so far," Zortach said.  She heard some rustling and moving around, as if he was rummaging in something.  She felt his hand on her back, and all of a sudden a sting.  It took her by surprise but it was not painful enough to make her cry out.  She did realize, that she should if she wanted to please him.  He hit her again, what felt like a belt, slightly harder and she did cry out.  He started whipping her faster and faster.  Lilac could not help but laugh, the sensation was so strange, a little bit painful but not unpleasantly so.

"Come back here" she heard Zortach's voice say.  She felt Viktor let go of her arm and then Paris took it and held down both.  Soon she felt his hands running up and down her slender back.  She heard some more rummaging, and then a hand rubbed some kind of oil around her buttocks, and then rubbed some into the crack.  "Oh yeah," she heard Zortach say.  "Yeah, fuck her ass." he added.

Lilac braced herself.  She had never taken anything up her ass before, and she did not expect Viktor to be gentle.  He was, however, thankfully.  He seemed to be experienced in the activity.  First he rubbed his penis against the greased up area.  "Ahh," he said as he savored the anticipation.  He felt he was winning a great victory.  Slowly, he started to enter her.  "Ugh!" Lilac yelped.  He was hurting her.  The pain was dull but it seemed to promise much greater pain.  Yet when she could feel his hair tickling her back side she knew he was in all the way, and she decided it was not so bad.  He slowly started moving in and out.  Lilac cried out non-stop.  She felt such a confusing combination of pleasure and discomfort that she had never felt before.

"Now let let him have his turn."  Paris and Viktor switched places.  Paris moaned as he started fucking her tight rear.  He seemed to get lost in pleasure as he moved faster and faster.  "Yeah, fuck her." said Zortach.  Suddenly he pulled out, and she felt his warm essence drip onto her back.  He panted, catching his breath.  "Oh, that was good," she heard Paris say breathlessly.

"Now it's my turn," said Zortach.  She felt him rub his penis around all the oil and Paris-juice on her lower back.  With so much lubrication, he easily entered her.  "You two, come over here," he said.

As Zortach slowly pumped into her, she also felt both of her comrade's tongues as they worked around her hole.  He grunted and moaned, digging his fingers in as he grasped at Lilac's waist.  Suddenly he began thrusting harder.  "Uh, agh! Agh!" he yelled all of a sudden.  And he was done.

Zortach unceremoniously wandered to his bed and fell onto it face forward.  In only a matter of seconds he fast asleep, snoring loudly.

The three of them looked at each other questioningly.  Viktor smiled and shrugged.

"Let's go look for the plan documents," Paris whispered.  

Lilac nodded.  "Let's try the desk first."

The three of them went over to the desk.  Paris slowly and quietly slid open the wide, main drawer.  In there was a thick pile of papers.  He took them out and flipped through them.  "Yes... this is it!" he whispered excitedly.

"That was easy," said Viktor.

"Let's the get out of here!" added Lilac.

**********************

The three of them made their escape from the palace and met at the planned rendevous point, where an agent was waiting for them.  They were then taken back to the shipping station, and then they took another caravan home.

On the way back Lilac sat in a cart with both Paris and Viktor.

"You must admit Lilac," you had a pretty good time with us, said Viktor.

"It was pretty good." admitted Lilac.

"I found it pretty enjoyable too." said Paris, smiling shyly.  He stood up and sat next to Lilac.  She smiled back at him and they started kissing.  Viktor hastily went to her other side and caressed her neck.  A warm, joyful feeling came to Lilac, for she could see that the three of them had many more fun experiences together ahead of them.