I feel your touch across my skin and I shiver, biting my bottom lip to hold back a bashful smile. Your arm wraps tighter around me in your sleep, my ass pressing firmly against your crotch. I can't help but clench my legs together. Your body feels so good against mine, your warmth envelopes me and the sound of your heartbeat soothes me. I start to relax, snuggling back into the pillow, my ass wriggling against you for a moment as I struggle to get completely comfortable. You only tolerate it for a moment, giving a growl before nipping against the sweet spot between my neck and shoulder, "Still.." I hear you grumble, your voice deeper than normal as you're still mostly asleep.
The nip elicited a surprised gasp like moan from my lips, a sound your body immediately responded to. I could feel your cock hardening against the back of my pussy. I bit my lip trying to stifle any sounds. I knew what was fixing to happen if I didn't relax and you became fully aroused while still asleep. The arm that had been under me came between my breasts, his large hand resting against my throat. I tried to slow my rapidly beating heart but it was no use as your other hand traveled south between my thighs cupping my dripping cunt. If this had not happened before I would swear that you were awake.
I squirm now unable to stop the quiet whimpers and mewls of pleasure as you alternate between pinching and rolling my clit. I was unable to stop my magic from dancing along his skin now. I had been holding it back this entire time knowing that if I couldn't... My thoughts were interrupted as two of your long fingers pushed inside my slick folds. You curl them to graze my g-spot and I'm about to lose my mind, bucking and squirming.
The incessant movement of my rump against your cock is more than enough for you to become fully hard. Your fingers pull from me, your hand grabbing my leg and unceremoniously throwing it over yours as you spear me with your thick length stretching me far more than your fingers alone could. You steal my breath away when you do this to me. At this angle I am always at risk of you bottoming out inside of me. I can't move no matter how much I want to though, your clawed hand holds my throat tight, your other hand splayed over my cunt as you repeatedly thrust deep inside of me.
My lips part in a strangled cry of pleasure as you repeatedly tap against my cervix. You're the only lover I've ever had to do that without trying. I start to cum, my satin walls squeezing your cock tight enough that I make it hard to thrust. I feel and hear you growl into the back of my neck in frustration, I can't help it though. With a slight snarl you roll us over, I'm on my stomach now and in a deep arch, your body hunched over mine, you dwarf me.
My magic feels like a thousand kisses and caresses all over in the most intimate ways in which we can share. The pleasured growl rumbles in your chest as you take a few deep thrusts in me again, your hips smack against my ass hard, part of me wishes it was my ass you were drilling this hard but I know better than to let you ravage that hole when you're sleeping. I can never sit down right the next day. It always amuses you.
Your body moves more over mine now, you're still and I wonder if you've fallen back asleep. I try not to move but I am unable to stop the slight quivers my cunt makes around your cock. I'm not sure if I breathed wrong or moved wrong but quicker than I could blink you let out a snarl, snapping those strong now more lupine jaws in the air next to my face before clamping down on the back of my neck
My eyes widen in fear, this has never happened before. You've never shifted when sleep fucking me. I feel the silky fur sprouting from your body, I feel the muscle building upon muscles, your bones popped as they realigned and I gasped as you grew thicker and longer inside of me. I knew better than to move though, the bite on the back of my neck was a sure enough sign that you were definitely in the mood to dominate whether you were asleep or not.
We stay like this for what feels like forever, your strong body holding me up as I tremble every so often, my cunt growing pleasurable sore. I whimpered softly and was rewarded with a gentle growl as your bite on the back of my neck lessened just slightly. Slowly you rock your hips against me now, the soft fur tickles my sensitive skin and I moan quietly. I can't stay quiet for long as your thrusts grow harder, deeper, your claws leave scratches on my hips as you press me fully into the mattress.
My fingers knot the sheets.as you drive into so hard I swear we're going to break the headboard on the wall. I begin to cum uncontrollably now, my tight walls spasming around you repeatedly making you give low approving growls of pleasure. In your excitement you pull back too far freeing your thick cock with a wet 'plop'. I groan in frustration at the empty sensation and wiggle my ass trying to entice the sleeping you to slide back in my dripping cunt.
At first you don't move, after several I growl in frustration, I should've known better. You bite down hard against pinning me completely beneath you as you slid hilt deep into my unprepared ass. I scream in a pleasured agony as my rose burns like fire after being forced to accommodate your girth. I feel so full, stuffed beyond what I can begin to describe. I feel so dirty and naughty that my cunt flows like a river. I feel the base of your cock begin to swell as you make small thrusts against my ass. There's no way you possibly think I am letting you knot me there. You rebel against my thoughts by pushing down hard against my back side until my rose opens further swallowing the ever swelling knot. I yelp cumming hard as you reach over my hips cupping my cunt. With every thrust I am forced to grind against your hand. I can't handle this. Two fingers push deep inside of me s you release my neck, growling deeply- "Keep cumming, keep fucking cumming..."
You didn't talk to me like that, your voice was never that deep, that commanding. I came on the spot, pushed to ride wave after wave of euphoria as you pump erratically against my ass. I know we are locked hard together, there was not way I was sliding off any time soon. After several moments of this brutal rhythm I feel ropes of your scalding hot cum filling the deepest places inside me. This pushed me through two more orgasms.
I don't remember falling asleep. I do remember you licking the blood from my neck before nestling into me. Every so often my body would clench milking your still hard cock buried inside me.
It wasn't until morning I felt you slipping your cock free of my greedy ass. I can tell your body has gone back to normal. It's Monday so I know you're getting up for work, though it is a bit early. I hear the shower start and check the clock. We have more than enough time.
Sneakily I creep into the bathroom and climb in behind you. We both know that you know I'm there but you do tend to entertain my silliness. Your broad shoulders lack the fur from last night, your dark hair long and wavy. I wrap my arms around your waist, my head against your back,
"You fucked me last night..."
"I did, did I?" I hear the chuckle in your voice, it's deep but not as deep as when you were sleep fucking me.
"Yes... and then you shifted and fucked me in the ass..."
I feel your body harden at my words, I don't know if this makes me believe that you were awake or asleep and just like the idea.
"You knotted my ass.." I say the words slowly, seductively with a hint of pouty.
"I don't believe I have ever done that, my precious little witch... I believe you have very lucid dreams.." We both know you're fucking with me now.
"You were awake weren't you? You woke up after the shift.." I bite the back of your shoulder only to gasp as you turn around, lift me by my throat and pin me to the shower wall with my legs around your waist,
"So what if I was, little witch? You are mine to do with what I please.. And if I want to fuck you and knot you... I will, whether I am asleep or... Awake..." That deep voice lurked just under yours, you were letting it out a little at a time. I was horny all over again, I may not have been a wolf but I was most definitely a slut puppy. You could scent my arousal, your amber eyes watching me with a predatory grin, "You're lucky I woke up early..." You thrusted deep inside of me once more, sending me reeling through yet another wave of pure ecstasy as you ravaged me without mercy.
This was one helluva way to start off the work week.