hi 2 all incest lovers.i recently dicovered tis website and iam very happy 2 share my experience..ok let me introdeuce my family...my da 48 who z working in a private company...we r above than the middle class family.....we r four in numbers, next z my gorgeous mom she z 42 yrs old...but no one will say her age age as 42..be cos still she got stiff boobs and beautiful ass....her figure z 38-34-36....and next my sister she z 22...

ok let me into 2 the stories......nothing happend until i finsih my +2 exam...in my holidays, my sister got married....every thing went well...after the day of marriage.my dad went 2 his company....he will be going as day shift r night shift.....so my mom offten miss him in nights manydays...after the marriage my dad went 2 office in morning.cos he got day shift tis month.....asusual my mom doing the house hold thiings.....an i were watching movie in our tv....we both had our lunch in after noon..an again i went on watching tv....my mom went 2 her bed room and had a small sleep as she usually have...around 3 pm she woked up nand getting ready 2 bath wich she usually have in evening....she called me 2 her bed room...

when i entered into her bed room i was really shocked 2 see her with her bra and her petticoat.....she asked me 2 help in unhooking her bra..... i never had a chance when my sister r dad in my home....this was the first time i saw her like that......i quickly unhooked her bra and went 2 hall....after that she went 2 take bath.....i was really aroused in seeing my mom like that....i cant erase that from my memory....that unhooking section was running in memory all the time.....so i was waitng for her 2 call again 2 hook her bra......after 15 mins....again i heard of calling me...... i quicly went into her room.......now she was standing in front of the mirror with her petiocoat n bra without hooked.....i can see her body with few drops of water remaining on her body....i got immediate erection..but i controled and started 2 hook her bra....by tha same time i looked in front of the mirror 2 see her front part of the body....my mom obsereved that i'm trying 2 c her front body thro mirror...she smiled observing that..i got shy and went immediate out of her room after i hooked her bra......after that evening my dad came home after 6 pm.....we had our dinner and went sleep.....but i could'nt sleep i mastrubate twice thinking of my own mother..

the next day i went 2 my close frd house and told the thing happen ysterday with my mom and me.... he and i went 2 browisng centre and showed some mom and son incest stories....i was reading all the mom n son stories for abt 3 hours .. most of the stories involed rapes.seduction,ahving sex in uncousious state and more......my inttention toward my mom incresed a lot..a went home 2 have my lunch...that time my mom was in kitchen.prearing sweets for newly married coupples......bcos after 3 days the newly married coulples will come for feast.it was a traditon we follow......my mom was busy with her work....but the smae time i noticed her pallu was center 2 her boobs.....i had clear view of her valley between her boobs.....in the chance of tasting the sweets i had a good view of her boobs......after later around 2pm we ahd our lunch and again she went 2 kitchen 2 finish the last item of sweet.....as usuall i went 2 hall for watching tv.... but iwas waitng for the time of her bath....but 2day i have a clear idea of doing some thing other than unhooking her bra.......

later after 3 pm she went 2 her room 2 tak her bath...she called me 2 her room......slowly i went 2 her room.she was showing her backside of her body inorder 2 remove her bra.....but i hesitately placed both my hands on her shoulder and gave her a gentle massage....and i told her she look very tired 2day.....she also agrred that she was tired a bit....and also she loved my massage.....she told me 2 put some oil 2 her body with the massage....i quicly went 2 kitchen and brought some oil...by that time she was lying on her bed showing her back side of her body.....slowly and gelnly put some oil on her shoulder and did massaged....by that time i unhooked her bra cos 2 put oil on her back....after the massage my mom slowly raissed her petticoat upto her knee so that i can put oil n do massage 2 her legs......

i massaged there..but my hands r moving towards her tighs i controlled my self inorder not 2 waste this golden oprtuninty..... after finishing massage in her legs...i asked her 2 turn around 2 put oil massage in fron of her body.......she hesitated a bit and she turn around.....i apllied oil 2 front side of her legs and massaging there...but my eyes r on partially coverd boobs...her bra still hangs around covering her nipples...but most of her boobs r vissible...i can see my mom was seeing me with eyes half closed...... i added more oil 2 her navel region and massaged .i can her hear her moans ahhh ahhhhhh.......after that i applied oil 2 her hands leaving her boobs region..... after finshing her hands i moved my hands 2 her neck region....that time i can c her breathing bcoms heavy and her body bcoms very hot.....even i bcom very very hot in seeing my mom with so closer......i stared 2 massage 2 her lower neck region,.....she stared 2 moan heavily.......i lost my control and threw her bra away and put my hand s on her boos and starterd massaing it........

her nipples bcome errect i put my mouth on one of the nipples and strated sucking it.....my mom stared 2 moan heavy and i took her lips with my lips...we were in french kiss for more than 10 mins......i lifted her petticoat and spread her legs and put my cock in to her pussy.....she asked me 2 do slowly and steadly so that not 2 cum fatser.....i did for 15 min a last my cum in to her pussy.......
soon we went 2 bath ..there in bathroom she stated 2 suck my cock...i got higly errected.....we had sex in doggie stlye.... after later by 5 :30 i hooked her bra...... after that day we regulraly have sex b4 her bath.......

2day iam 23 even she allow me 2 have sex twice in a week..but she allow me 2 play with her boobs anytime when there z no one at home.....
