Only once So far 
Exhibitionism Entry by a Female 
After a terrible roof leak in my apartment 3 months ago my girlfriend offered to let me stay at her house for a week. She and her husband were away for the weekend and only her oldest son was home with me. He seemed to be everywhere especially if I were in the shower and I know tried to peek in at me several times. I noticed the spare bedroom door was pushed open a few times while I was in bed. I only know for sure that he did see my breasts the one time when I only had my panties on. I was quite flattered that he was paying so much attention to me. The first day his parents were away I had a splitting headache early evening. He offered me some pills he said were his fathers and put two of them on the table for me. Only a few minutes went by before I became drousy so I went right to bed and fell asleep instantly. When I finally awoke the next morning I knew right away something wasn't right since my nightgown was up over my breasts and my panties were down further than normal. I didn't remember anything but suspected I was taken advantage of during the night or at least was looked at by her son during the night. My girlfriend and her husband were coming home the next day and again that night her son asked if I needed more pills for my headache. This time he gave me three which I never took but told him I did. I think I was curious about his intentions and to be honest was quite turned on by his demeanor and the way he talked and looked at me all the time. I didn't take those pills but did fall asleep about 11pm. It was probably about 2am when I heard him come into the bedroom. My back was to him and he began saying my name and shaking me. I knew he was doing this to see if I were concious or making sure I took those pills again. Now I was sure he was in my room the night before but still had no rememberance of it. He was quite loud and turned the lights on repeating my name over and over. I am not necessarally an exibitionist but have had many boyfriends and affairs over the years. I almost laughed a few times at how he was truly testing if I were awake or concious. He kept shaking me for awhile and touching my rear most of the time. I just continued to act as though I were passed out and he soon rolled me onto my back and pulled the covers off of me. He just stood there a moment and began pushing my nightgown up over my breasts. He just looked at me for a very short time then removed my panties. My girlfriend would be horrified if she knew what I was letting her son do but I was by this time too excited to stop him. His one hand was touching my breasts and with the other he began to finger me. Within seconds I was wet and aroused. My first orgasm came within a few minutes and he just continued to play with me. I would squint my eyes a little and could see he was naked also and had a full erection. He never tried to have intercouse with me but would touch my body in different places with his penis. He kept fingering me but would stop after I climaxed and just look at me for a long time spreading my legs apart as much as he could. I never once resisted and think I orgasmed four times over the next hour or more. At one point he left the room but was only gone a moment. When he came back in he again masturbated me and then masturbated himself. He left again and when he came back in he put my panties back on me, pulled down my nightgown somewhat and covered me up. On Sunday my girlfriend and her husband came home and my apartment was going to be ready by Tuesday. Monday I got to their house early after work and the only one home was there son. I was still fully turned on by what he did to me and when I came in he didn't see me right away. I went into the bathroom and turned the shower on and left the door open a crack. His room is next door to the bathroom so I knew he would hear it turned on. I was hoping he would come into the hallway and look in and kept glancing at the door to see if he was there. I slowly began to undress and by the time I was only in my panties could tell he was peeking in at me. I just acted like I didn't know he was there and took off my panties and got into the shower making sure I didn't close the curtain all the way. That is the first time I ever did anything like that and enjoyed every moment of it. I took my time showering and shaved my legs, pushing the shower curtain over futher, makeing sure he could see me clearly. I can't remember ever taking so long to dry off and the longer it took, knowing he was watching me, made it all the more arousing. I finally went to the bedroom knowing full well I would masturbate right away. I considered letting him watch me again but think I was to embarrassed to do that in front of him. I went back to my apartment that Tuesday and since then have been trying to think of some ways to be invited back to her house for a night or two. I see her son a few times a month and each time am excited and can't stop thinking about it. I never exposed myself to anyone like that before or let anyone take advantage of me the way he did. Sure, I have had many men friends and boyfriends over the years and most did see me naked and have sex with me. This was different and I don't know why but the thrill of it arouses me every time I think about it. I have began to have fantacies about exposing myself to other males. I never thought of doing anything like that in past years but have discovered how much I enjoyed just being looked at and admired. My girlfriends son is the only one I have ever exposed myself to. I am also suprised at myself for being so permissive with him when he came in the room that night. I guess deep down I wanted him to see me naked and when he began to touch me I couldn't help getting aroused by it. I truly tried to act like I was unconcious but a few times I could hear myself whimper with passion as he brought me to orgasm so many times. I hope he didn't detect or notice I was concious afterall and desperately want him to think I was asleep and that I didn't know he watched me shower that Monday. I never thought exibitionism could be so addictive. I think about it more than I am willing to admit and contemplate finding other ways to expose myself. 
