Doppleganger VI by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
As the two sets of footsteps echoed down the hallway, I took stock in my situation.  I was dressed in a tailored suit that would have cost more than I use to make in 2-3 months, I was living in a posh estate, and I was about to help a special fantasy come true.  The collar was a little tight around my neck, but I felt, for lack of a better term, classy.  The italian shoes and gold watch I had put on finished the image until I thought about my age.  I was twenty three years old and master of a huge mansion.  I blurred my features a little, deepening the lines of my face and put some grey in my hair.  I thought looking distinguished might lend some weight to my ability to fulfill fantasies.  Ricardo Montalban never looked or had it so good.

James opened the double doors to my study and stood to the side saying, "Ms. Talgin to see you, sir."

I stood up and walked around the side of my desk as she came into the room.  She was nicely dressed, her hair done and makeup as well.  She looked very nice, but fairly normal.  She smiled tentatively in answer to my welcome as I moved across the room, taking her hand.  "Ms Talgin, how nice to meet you.  I am Keltin Smythe, please call me Kel."  Her palm was a bit sweaty as she mumbled a nervous "H-h-hello".

"Please come sit down and relax, I promise I won't bite."  I tried turning on the charm to put her at ease.  I noticed that James hadn't moved and was eyeing me, as she sat down in the chair facing the desk.  "Excuse me a moment."  I moved to James as he walked into the hallway and bent close to my ear.  He whispered something in my ear that made my brows come up, and made a few pieces click into place.

I smiled at him, murmuring "James, you are an asset to our kind..." and walked back into the room.  Just before he closed the door, I said, "James,  ask Jasmine to join us in 15 minutes please."  He replied with a "Very good sir" as he closed the doors behind him.  I walked towards the desk, touching her shoulder briefly as I moved around to sit down in the high back leather chair.  Her eyes were darting around nervously as I said, "First things first."  I leaned forward, clasping my hands together, resting them on the blotter on the desk.  She looked at me, clutching her bag, waiting for me to continue.

"Take a deep breath please..." I said with a smile.

She giggled a little louder than I believe she intended and took an exaggeratedly long breath.  I nodded for her to take another, saying nothing.  When her smile became more relaxed, I continued.

"There is nothing to be nervous about.  I know what you must be going through, but I assure you, there is nothing to be worried about.  The more you relax, the more you will enjoy it.  All I ask is that you not ask how any of this works, and that you don't say anything afterwards to anyone, agreed?"

She smiled a little brighter, taking another deep breath.  I continued saying, "The only thing I would like you to do is to think on your greatest fantasy, keep it in your mind for a few moments as we talk."

I could smell her scent powerfully now that we were in the room together.  I asked about where she lived and several other questions that I nodded in the right places to keep her talking.  She was having difficult maintaining the image of a powerfully built black man screwing the crap out of his daughter's ass.  I kept catching glimpses of her true desires and confirmed that James was as good as he said.  He had pegged her preference just by smelling her scent.  I was noticing that I was not having to really separate threads of scent anymore, that it was more mindreading.  

I read further to see her true preferences as a scenario began to play out in my mind.  She was talking about her job and how she didn't like it and how she needed the money when we heard a knock on the door.  As I called for them to come in, the door opened and Jasmine walked in with a tray.  Her ebony black skin was stark in contrast to the mostly white french maid's costume she was wearing.  She served a drink to Jennifer and then leaned over the desk to serve me mine with a wink.  She knew exactly what she was doing as Jennifer's eyes were riveted on her panty-clad ass.  She stayed stretched over the desk for longer than was necessary, allowing for a good look at her assets.  Jennifer's eyes glazed over with lust and the fantasy came crashing through all of her mental denying.

She was ashamed that she wanted more than an incestuous relationship with a daughter figure.  She wanted to be a fully functioning hermaphrodite, using her big cock to give it to a little girl in the ass while her own pussy was fucked by a she-male.  It seemed she liked the idea of tits and a dick on one body quite a bit, but wanted it to be a woman with a penis rather than a man with tits and a wig.  I caught the features of the third player in the scenario as Jasmine finally stood up.  I told her we were fine and she left the room, smiling at Jennifer as she followed her out of the room with her eyes, her jaw slack.

I cleared my throat, regaining her attention.  "Hmmm yes..I had hoped she was what you were looking for.  Now, if you will come with me..."  I said as I stood.  She practially shot out of the chair and would have run after Jasmine if I hadn't been there.  I steered her out of the parlour and down the hall to the main staircase.  I stopped at the foot of it, turning her to face me.  She was staring longingly up the stairs after Jasmine.  I took her hand in mine and said, "Please give me your pocketbook and undo the top three buttons of your dress."  She looked at me, but after I nodded smiling, she did so.  "Up the stairs and to the left, the open door will lead you to your fantasy."  

As I spoke, I put my hand on her arm and changed her body around.  I watched as her eyes shot open and she stared at her hands.  I changed her slowly so that she could see what was happening.  Her hands became larger with longer fingers, her medium sized breasts hardened into flat slabs of muscle, her arms hardened and grew in girth as well as length.  I watched as her hair shortened to nothing, leaving her with a shining bald head.  I blurred her features slowly, making the jaw stronger, the nose flatter and wider and her brow more prominent.  As I lengthened and muscled her legs, I changed her skin.  Making it a deep brown to match Jasmine's, I pulled the dress from her shoulders and down over her hips.  She gasped as I reached for her crotch, and "ahhh"ed with wonder as a long cock grew out from where she previously had a pussy.

A strong, tall, sleek black man stood in front of me with a slowly hardening cock.  His features were chiseled and hard, the expression turning from wonder to lust as I watched his eleven inch cock spring to life.

"Your daughter has been bad Sir.  You will find her upstairs if you feel a punishment is in order."

He smiled and turned to sprint up the stairs two at a time.  I heard Jennifer's now deep voice carry down the hall, "JASMINE!  Where are you girl!"  I heard a childish whimper and the slam of the door as I walked slowly up the stairs, loosening my tie.  I walked past the door hearing his raised voice and the slap of his hand on her ass.  "Don't you lie to me girl...You KNOW what Daddy will do to you if you lie to him..."

"Oh Daddy, No!  I'm sorry, I wasn't lyin!  Honest, he didn't touch me with his thing.  I told him I was a virgin, but he kept touchin me!"

Smiling as I listened to Jasmine hamming it up, I knew she was itching to get his dick in her ass.  When I changed her body to the one she presently had, I had instilled a passion for anal sex.  She'd get it alright, and I needed to make my entrance in a few..

I went to my bedroom nextdoor and stripped quickly out of my suit and into a pair of sheer stockings as I began to change my body.  This one was difficult because it wasn't one or the other, I would be both male and female.  I changed fully to Candy, complete with a huge rack, slim hips and rounded curvy thighs.  I finished putting on garters and stocking and pulled a silky red teddy over my head.  I put on a long satin robe walked out the door to the other room.  As I elongated my pussy out, shaping it into a cock and a pair of heavy balls, I changed my body chemistry as well.  It was difficult to balance it, but I wanted to retain mostly female characteristics since that is what I caught from Jennifer's mind.

I waited outside the door, listening to the exchange, waiting for an opportune moment.  It came quickly as I heard him say, "Well you better get up on that bed and let me examine.  Daddy wants to make sure his baby is still a virgin.  If you ain't, I am gonna take it out on your ass my girl..."

"Oh no Daddy, don't touch me down there, PLEASE!!!  Oh Daddy, what are you doing?  Ohh Daddddyyyyyy, Mmmmmmm"

I opened the door a crack to see Jasmine on all fours on the edge of the bed with Jennifer kneeling naked behind her.  Her large male fingers were inside Jasmine's pussy moving in and out, "checking" for a hymen.  He jammed his fingers in all the way making Jasmine squeal with delight.  

"I told you I was gonna take it out on your ass if I didn't find nuthin, and I didn't find nuthin.  Pull your knees in and grab the bed you little slut..."

"Oh Daddy, what are you gonna do?"

He stuck his fingers in her cunt a few times, pulling them out and slicking up his cock.  I was impressed with my own work as my cock started to get hard.  I had done a good job on Jennifer's change as well as my own, because his penis was perfect.  It had a nice thick head and would satisfy Jasmine's tender ass.  He poked one finger, and then a second, sawing them in and out of her ass to get her loosened up while he stroked the head of his cock with the other.  I began to think of Jennifer as a man instead of a woman and my cock grew even harder.  I had changed my body chemistry to be sensitive to what a transsexual would feel, and I really liked what I was seeing. 

"Ohh Daddy, what you doin to my behind?  Mmmmm it sure feels GOOD Daddy.  You gonna punish me some more Daddy?"

"Yeah slut, your Daddy's gonna give you what for..." as he slipped his fingers out of her ass, he planted the head at the opening and thrust into her anus.  She grunted and clutched the bed, moaning loudly.

Even though his demeanor was rough, he didn't plough right into her.  He took his time, sliding inch by inch into her tender anus.  I saw one of her hands stray underneath, rubbing her clit furiously while she groaned, "Ohh Daddy, punish me...Punish your baby's ass.  My ass feels so good with your big hot cock in it...Mmmm yeah Daddy Yeah!"

He finally bottomed out into her, his balls resting on her pussy.  I saw her fingers brush them back and forth, sending shudders down his spine.  The time had come.  I opened the door silently, closing it most of the way behind me.

He didn't know I was there until my hands went to his hips and slowly pulled them back, pulling his cock out of her ass with it.  His head whipped around to look at me as his mouth opened in a wide O.  "Shhhhh" I said, pursing my lips and pushing his hips back into Jasmine.  They moaned deeply together as he rode down into her ass.  He was staring at me, lust in his eyes as I repeated the motion.  I did this a few times until his head came down and planted a wet kiss on my lips.  I took care of moving his hips into and out of Jasmine as he pushed the robe off my shoulders.  As it slid over my teddy barely holding in my breasts, my cock sprang into view.

"How did you know...?" he questioned.

I smiled and shook my head, kissing him deeply once more.  I lowered myself  until I was staring at his ass.  I leaned underneath him licking the space between his scrotum and his asshole.  With each lick, I changed his body.  It began as a small crack and gradually formed itself into the beautiful folds of a woman's vagina.  I could feel the skin on his balls begin to contract as I licked the folds of his pussy and slid a finger up inside him.  He shouted loudly as he came deeply in Jasmine's ass, and womanly juice spread over my lips and hand.

Before he could get soft and protest, I stood up and slid the first inch of my dick into his pussy.  I pulled off my teddy and mashed my massive chest into his back and I fucked my cock into him.  Jasmine had kept up the movements around his cock after he came and kept milking his cock, keeping it hard.  As I saw his eyes come back from inside his head he just surrendured to us fully.  I moved one of his legs up onto the bed next to Jasmine, forcing him deeper into her ass.  She cooed saying, "Daddy...I think it's your turn to be punished.  How does his cunt feel Candy?  Is it silky like my ass?"

I held onto his hips as Jasmine pulled her ass down to the head of his cock as I drew back out of his pussy.  We thrust into and onto him at the same time and then thrust off and out of him from both sides at the same time.  His breathing had become deep and hard as we took him into orbit.  Jasmine was working up a sweat thrusting her ass onto his pole as I plunged my cock into his pussy at the same time.  When we timed it differently, he starting moaning louder and louder.

"Yeah that's right Daddy.  Fuck my butthole, you know you love fucking your little girl in the ass.  Mmmm fuck me Fuck Me!  My ass needs more!!  OooooOOOOO Daaaaadeeee!!!!"

I was sending my cock up into him, I could feel his balls flailing in front of mine.  I whispered right into his ear, "I love shoving my cock into your pussy baby.  How does it feel to be fucking and be fucked at the same time?  Your pussy loved my long cock baby, doesn't it?"  He nodded moaning loudly.  I knew I was close, but I thought he would rocket any moment.  I whispered in his ear, "Pull it out and shoot all over your babygirl's titties...Mmmm white spunky come all over those chocolate tits..."

He roared, shooting his cunt back onto me, pulling his cock out of Jasmine.  She had heard me so she scrambled around onto her knees as ropes of hot white cum came exploding onto her chest, splattering everywhere.  Shot after shot came barreling out of his cock to land on her tits and face as she urged him on, "Ohh Daddy, give it to me...."

He finally finished dumping come onto Jasmine and slid off my cock to collapse onto the bed.  The woman in me saw all the come and wanted a taste.  I pushed her back onto the bed and started licking her nipples, filling my mouth with Jennifer's manly come.  My cock nestled between Jasmine's thighs naturally and slid inside her folds.  She arched her back to put a tit in my mouth as I thrust forward with my cock.  I plunged deeply into her, burying it to the hilt.  "Ohhh Candy!  I love your cock in me.  Lick the come off my tits baby, and fuck me hard!!!  Oh BABY PLEASE!!!"

I rolled us toward Jennifer so I was on my back, raising my head to lick Jasmine's sticky chest.  The come on her was litterally dripping onto me as I buried my face between her firm globes.  I began to thrust up into her as I felt the bed move.  The next thing I knew, my legs were being drawn up and out and my asshole was being probed by what could only be Jennifer's cock.  It was slick enough to slide right into my relaxed ass and ride into it slightly without pulling back.  As she pulled back some of the juice from Jasmine's pussy helped the situation. 

Jasmine shifted her legs forward so she could still fuck me, but get out of Jennifer's way.  Jennifer in the meantime was holding my legs out in a vee while she french kissed Jasmine who was slowly moving up and down on my cock.  The double action I was getting was making it impossible for me to move, so I just laid there and enjoyed it.  I could feel all of the muscles of her pussy gripping my cock as she slid up and down on it.  I played with the nipples on my big tits as Jasmine's black tits bounced faster and faster.

I could feel every vein in Jennifer's cock as she plunged it in and out of my asshole.  I could feel my orgasm building as I relaxed and let their energy flow over me.  My moans became screams as I felt their orgasm's building.  I felt the rush of Jasmine's juices wash over my cock a second before I blew my sperm all over her insides.  As I was rising up with that orgasm, Jennifer lunged a final time into my ass, shooting her semen all over my insides.  

The world went white with fire.  My whole body was ablaze with energy as I felt each individual drop of Jennifer's come light an internal fire centered around my ass.  With Jasmine, her orgasm was powerful.  With Jennifer, there were no words for it.  I felt my spirit rise out of my body as it expanded and changed the fluid.  I felt Jennifer start to pull her cock out of me, thinking she was finished.  Jasmine began to pull off me as Jennifer's hands went to her shoulders.  She slammed Jasmine back down onto my cock as she slammed her cock into my ass.  The effect sent me into another orgasm, this time causing me to black out.  

I floated for a while in the blackness, every nerve in my body alive with energy.  I opened my eyes finally to see Jasmine curled up next to me and a very concerned look on Jennifer's handsome black face.  I smiled and rolled my eyes, mouthing , "WOW".

I looked at Jennifer and thought I should change her back when she blurred before me and took on her natural form.  Jasmine shot upright saying, "HOLY SHIT!"

"Did you just change yourself Jennifer?"  Jasmine inquired quickly, scrambling off the bed.

"Yeah, I thought it was over..." she said sheepishly.

Jasmine turned to look at me.  "That was probably the most powerful fulfillment I have ever seen.  But that doesn't explain why she can change by herself!"

I shook my head and smiled.  "Nope, sure doesn't.  Jennifer, have a seat.  We need to talk."

-Geek Writer-
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/
