A surprise...and then another...and another...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 12 (MF, inc, interr, mc, nc, impreg?, F-solo, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Don't I know you?" she asked, squinting at me.

The girl that Owen had set me up on a blind date with, saying that I had a lot in common with her, was actually the second girl I'd ever had sex with, though of course she had been hypnotized at the time: the cute brown-haired nerd from high school! It looked like she had new, smaller glasses, and her previously small breasts on her slim form had obviously grown, as they now pushed out her tight t-shirt.

"Um...uh..." I realized that I was staring. "I think we graduated high school together."

She smiled. "Oh yeah! Vincent, right?"

"Victor..."

"Right! I'm Rebecca, but call me Bex."

"Okay, ready to go?" Owen had Mari on his arm as he ushered us out the door. As he came alongside me he whispered, "Nice, huh? I thought you two might have something in common."

"Both of us being nerds?"

"Well, yeah. Plus, same high school? Seems written in the stars, dude."

I knew enough about how the world worked to know that wasn't true. Still...

We went to a local taco bar for our double date. My brain was having trouble separating my memories of the hypnotized Bex, her slim body bouncing on my cock, her little boobs in my hands, from the real life young woman in front of me.

"My eyes are up here, Victor."

I hadn't realized that I was staring again, and at Bex's chest! "Sorry! In high school, you weren't so...I mean you've grown..." Then I realized what I was saying. "Um, grown more beautiful, I mean."

Owen guffawed. "Even I've seen that movie, Anakin."

My face flushed.

Bex looked down at her chest. "Yeah, I had a, um, medical condition in my last year of high school and these got a lot bigger all of a sudden. I get a lot more attention than I used to, so I'm not complaining." She gave me a smile. I wondered about what sort of medical condition could make breasts grow.

I don't know why Owen chose tacos...those fucking things were so messy! It was hard to be suave while meat was dribbling down your chin and salsa off of your fingers. I did my best, though.

"All right, we're heading back to the dorm to put a tie on the knob, Vic," Owen informed me with a wink as we left the restaurant. "You go have fun with Bex, okay?"

"Um, okay?"

She and I wandered the campus, talking about people we knew in high school and what we'd been up to since, and before we knew it we were near the auditorium. Something was bothering me, and I figured that Bex wouldn't give me the straight answers I needed, at least in her current state of mind. I pulled out my phone, confirmed that she still played the game, and sent her the basic 'do what I say' command through the Master Console.

"Hm?" She pulled out her phone, checked the push notification I had just sent her, and then I recognized the look on her face as she went into the hypnotic trance.

"In here," I directed her as I confirmed nobody was nearby and unlocked the auditorium. Once we were alone inside, I asked, "Tell me about the medical condition you had in senior year."

"I got pregnant," she replied. "No idea how, as I'd never even had sex."

I sat down on one of the auditorium's seats. "Oh shit! So you had a baby?" I'd had three children now?! (Remember, my first was with my sister, and I assumed that Lily's cheerleader friend Tabby had my second, since her family was religious.)

"No, my parents made me get an abortion, but I was four months along by that point so my boobs grew." She caressed her enhanced rack.

My mind whirled. I hadn't been keeping track of my previous sex partners, instead concentrating on my studies, but I wondered how many of them had also gotten pregnant. I was going to have to do some investigation. I also realized that I had a hard-on at the thought of my boys finding a nice warm home inside of Bex's fertile womb. I got up and ushered her toward the bed behind the stage. Once there, I sent her the 'fuck me' script and we got down to it.

First things first: I had her take her t-shirt and bra off so that I could have a look at those improved mammaries. The difference was amazing! I could see in my memory her small pale breasts with those little pink nipples, and now they were bigger, rounder, thicker, and more pronounced, with pale pink stretch marks here and there. I latched my mouth to one of her nipples and she gasped, falling back onto the bed. I pulled at her tight jeans and we couldn't get naked fast enough. Then she flipped me over, the new script's aggressiveness kicking in, before she climbed onto my lap and impaled herself onto my prong.

She was still incredibly tight, even over a year later. I wondered if she'd had sex since I knocked her up. She grimaced as she worked my length into her, and when we were joined she started moving upon me. This, in turn, caused her new boobs to bounce about. Ironically, they were almost hypnotic in their movements; I couldn't take my eyes off of them.

"Huh...huhh..." she moaned as she rode me.

I took her other pink nipple into my mouth and sucked, and was rewarded by her already tight pussy tightening up a little more. She moaned from the stimulation. I couldn't just keep laying back anymore! I rolled, taking her with me, and we ended up in the missionary position. Then I thrust into her hard and fast.

"Ohh...ohhh..." she moaned under me. "Fuck me, Victor..."

I did, grabbing behind her knees and forcing them back until she was practically bent in half, which really only worked because she was still pretty skinny, though her boobs were squished together between them.

"Oooh, you gonna cum, Victor?" she murmured into my ear. "You gonna see if you can knock me up again?"

My brain must have blown a fuse, for the next thing I realized I was howling my pleasure to the moon as I filled up Bex's possibly fertile insides with my load. "Unh! UNGH!" I was grunting as I speared myself into her again and again, doing my best to send my boys as deep into her trenches as I could.

"Hahh! HUHNN! NHN!" Bex cried out and I felt her cum hard, her orgasmic insides doing their best to assist my invasion of the deepest parts of her reproductive system.

"Fuck, so good..." she moaned as I collapsed upon her. "Maybe my boobs'll get bigger again..."

I pulled back and stared at her. "You remember? All of it?!"

"Of course I do! Who could forget their first time? And second? And now third. Mmh..."

I felt her pussy tighten a little as she had another orgasm, a little one this time. I pulled out after she was done and grabbed my phone. There was nothing new in the 'fuck me' script that would account for this, and I went over it twice.

In the meantime, Bex had re-dressed and was heading toward the auditorium exit, so it seemed that she was following the rest of the script's commands to forget and get cleaned up. She wasn't even saying goodbye, so I hoped that whatever the fuck had just happened was only a momentary thing. Then she was gone.

I smacked my forehead. Fuck! I had just had unprotected sex with Bex on our date! If she actually did get pregnant again then I would obviously be the father. I crafted some custom commands in the Master Console...she would only remember that I said bye and left her during our walk. After that...hm...she found some other guy and went and had sex with him. She definitely did not have sex with me, and...shit...I had to add a command that she wasn't interested in me at all. If I didn't and we started dating then I could be facing a paternity test in under a year.

I sent the custom script to Bex's phone and then opened up the chat. I'd have to let Trent know to put the basic scripts back.

---

"I haven't noticed anything like that," Trenton de Ruyter said over the phone. "I'm really enjoying how Meadow's practically swallowing my cock whenever she comes over."

"Who's...? Oh, your neighbor, right. Listen, Trent, this is the second time weird shit has happened after we messed with the basic scripts. Can you at least put the original script back for me, and keep the new script for yourself until you have the same issue?"

"Yeah, easy enough, I guess," Trent replied. "I'll keep you in the loop if anything strange happens. Seeya."

Trenton de Ruyter plopped his phone down on his bedside table and gazed down at the nubile form of his red-headed neighbor. "You ready, Meadow?" he asked as he disrobed.

She was playing with her very wet pussy. "Mm, yeah. I'm fertile today...you wanna play 'knock me up'?"

"Oh, hell ya," the older man said before he leapt upon her. He was shooting blanks, so there was no chance, but it was definitely going to be a fun game.

---

I stayed away from Bex and she stayed away from me, so it seemed that my custom commands worked and she had no further interest in me, which kinda sucked because I think she and I actually did have enough in common to become a couple. If only I hadn't ruined everything by using the Master Console. I didn't want to chance that weird remembering thing happening again, though, so I concentrated on 'spreading the love' to others around campus.

Whenever Owen and Mariana decided to fuck in our room while they thought I was sleeping, I made sure to hypnotically entice her over to my bed afterward so I could fill the sexy Latina up with a load of my seed while Owen snored away. Mari had caramel skin, flared hips and some nice C-cups I liked to suck on as I came inside her, and of course the 'fuck me' script made sure she orgasmed as I did so.

Then winter break arrived and we all went home for a couple weeks. I had mixed feelings about that, but Mom would have given me hell if I didn't.

My sister Gina had had her baby almost a year previous, a boy who looked a lot like me, but of course that meant that he looked like her as well, so nobody suspected who his real father was. The kid had already taught himself to walk a bit, so it seemed that he was smart like his dad. It felt weird being around him, though, a physical reminder of when my hypnotized sister had raped me at de Ruyter's bidding.

I decided to go for walks to avoid going stir crazy in the baby house. The irony was not lost on me that avoiding walks was what had caused me to try to hack de Ruyter's admin account in SpiritWalk in the first place and kicked off my new life. I checked to see if the Sandhu women were still playing, but it seemed that the family had moved away. I felt a little sad about that.

A police car passed me and I didn't give it a second thought until it performed a u-turn and then I was looking into a pair of mirrored sunglasses as it pulled alongside. "You look familiar...do I know you?" the Latina woman asked.

"No, Officer Lopez," I responded reflexively. My sexual encounter with the woman over a year ago had been brief, but during it she had trained my brain to use her name with her dominating manner...I mentally kicked myself.

"Then how do you know my name, kid?" She lowered her shades.

"It's...it's on your nametag." I pointed to it, though it had been mostly angled away from me. I hoped she would buy it.

"Hmp. Carry on." Then she sped off.

I let out the breath I'd been holding. Another memory bleed? Trent had used a custom script with the sexy police officer to make her jump me, so that matched, but he said he wasn't having any problems with the new script.

I ran back home and started researching. First Sheena the cheerleader over a year ago, then Bex, and now Officer Lopez. All had been under the influence of a custom Master Console script when I had sex with them. So who else had those been used on? I thought back...my sister, my teacher Mrs. Whittaker, Mrs. Sandhu and her daughter Prisha, Mom, Tabby, and Lily's sister Chastity. Then more recently, that Chinese girl and a few others at university, including Owen's girlfriend Mari.

I'd had sex with Sheena several times, and Bex three times, but Officer Lopez only once, so it seemed that the frequency of sex didn't matter. Mari hadn't been acting weird around me, and neither had Gina or my Mom. What was I missing?

---

In the bedroom across from where Victor was doing his research, his sister Gina was having a nap. She stretched languidly on top of her covers, her body vibrating with desire. In her mind's eye she strode across the hallway to push her stupid little brother's door open to yell at him to be quiet and saw that he was in the middle of a threesome, his cock buried in a gorgeous blonde's quim while a curvy brunette was on all fours on top of her. She froze, not believing what she was seeing. Then she looked closer...the one he was fucking was actually Gina herself, urging him to cum inside her. Victor locked eyes with her as she stood at his door and moaned as he filled her unprotected pussy up with his load...

She startled awake. What the fuck was that? As she calmed down from the nightmare, she realized that she was very horny, but she was also completely turned off from what she had just seen. What had she just seen? The images flitted about in her awareness. Her being fucked by someone? Who? Then she was left with just a general feeling of sexual desire, which she attended to by pulling down her yoga pants and moving a hand down to play with herself. No wonder she was having erotic dreams, she mused...she hadn't had sex since before the baby was born.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)