And so they had taken their place in the community. Kryten spent most of his days in the village laundry, scrubbing this and soaking that, and he was now the greatest expert on stain removal that Santa Ria had ever seen. Cat, like Rimmer, had joined up with one of the hunting parties and Kriss – to everybody’s surprise – had become a school teacher and seemed blissfully happy among her small charges. 

As the months trickled by, the years they’d spent on Red Dwarf and Starbug felt more and more like a dream. When the five of them met up for drinks in the evenings, Lister would look around them and try to remember how things had been then. He found it harder every time he tried. They’d all changed so much, in so many ways. 

Now and then, he found himself going back to Starbug. It was taken care of and kept in good repair; just in case the day would come again when it would be needed; but for the most part it was just kept covered over in the shelter of some rocks outside the village. For some reason it made Lister sad. 

He would walk around the corridors of the empty ship, his footsteps echoing loudly on the metal gantries, the sound of the engines conspicuous in their absence. Sometimes he would go and sit in his old chair in the cockpit, staring at the blank screens and unlit controls. The chair still moulded itself to his shape, like an old rejected friend trying to tell him it still loved him.

Even their old sleeping quarters felt cold and abandoned. They’d moved all of their things into their new homes in the village and all that was left here were bare mattresses. One night he’d curled up on his old bed, just to sit and think for a while, and had inevitably fallen asleep. He’d been woken several hours later by an anxious Rimmer, who’d come looking for him.

“I thought I might find you here,” he said gently. Lister rubbed his eyes and sat up, “What time is it?”

“Past midnight. I was worried,” Rimmer told him with a hint of reproach.

“Sorry.”

“Why do you keep coming back here?” Rimmer asked, taking his hand; “Do you really miss it that much? I thought Santa Ria...our life here...was everything you ever wanted.”

“It is,” Lister replied, “But we went through so much here, man. This place was our home for so long...And now it’s just empty and forgotten. And so is Red Dwarf, wherever it is. We’re never going to find it now. I keep thinking about poor Holly; just floating through space on her own forever.” 

“Lister...” Rimmer pulled him close and held him, “Holly managed alone for three million years while you were in stasis. If she could cope with that, I’m sure she could cope with anything. It makes me feel sad too, but the truth is that we needed Holly. Holly never needed us.” 

Lister started to protest but Rimmer shushed him firmly. “Lister, you’ve always clung onto the past. Whether it was getting back to Earth, or getting back with Kristine Kochanski, you’ve never been able to let go. Yes, this was our home for a long time, and nothing will ever change that. But Santa Ria is home now. Santa Ria and the village and our little house. That’s home. It’s time for you to move on and accept that.”

“When you stop holding onto things, that’s when you fall,” Lister replied, startling himself even as he realised how much fear and anxiety he’d just revealed in himself with this simple philosophy. Rimmer kissed the top of his head gently. “Then hold on to me,” he said, “And I’ll always be there to catch you.”

They walked hand-in-hand back to the village, and when they came to the clustered circle of huts and the crackling fire in the centre, they stopped for a moment to take it all in. Everything was quiet now; the people in bed, the animals in their barns. Across the way was a small hut with a loaf of bread on the table, and a warm bed waiting for them. They both sighed gently. Rimmer squeezed Lister’s hand. “No more looking back,” he said firmly.

“Right,” Lister squeezed his hand in return and they went home.