The next morning Merlin woke first, the sleeping Prince still cradled in his arms, and his morning erection pressed tight against the arse he'd enjoyed so much the previous evening. He was pleased with how well Arthur's body was adapting to his new role, obviously taking pleasure in all the training he'd been given. This may have started as a form of revenge for Uther's misdeeds, but now Merlin's main concern was ensuring that Arthur wanted to stay in his bed indefinitely. He didn't want a mindless slave controlled purely by his collar, but one who had learnt to crave being mastered.

It was time to fulfil his promise of the previous evening, and show Arthur just how good his new piercings could make him feel.

He rubbed his index fingers around Arthur's chest, surrounding his nipples and feeling them pull up into points, making the rings stand proud from his flesh. He was obviously not properly awake, but he still pushed them forward, wanting more contact with Merlin's teasing fingers. Merlin started tugging gently on the left ring, setting up a rhythm that had Arthur bucking in his arms, rubbing his arse back against the hard cock behind him.

Arthur had pushed his fingers into his mouth, trying to control the moans of pleasure that shook him.

"Good initiative, but don't take too long over it. I want your fingers inside your hole, stretching it ready for me."

Arthur showed no reluctance for this latest game. He reached behind himself and started pushing one of his wet fingers inside, where he was still fairly loose from the night before. He quickly added more and was eagerly fingering himself while Merlin continued to tease his nipple.

"That feels good, doesn't it? Not as good as my cock, but if I left you alone I bet it wouldn't be long before you were filling up your hole with those strong fingers of yours. Will I need to keep you tied to the bed to stop you from playing with yourself like the greedy slut that you are?"

Arthur groaned at the thought, obviously too far gone for shame, helplessly turned on at the idea.

"That's enough for now, on your back and reach your hands up above your head. Can you keep them there, or do I need to tie you down?"

"I'll try..." Arthur gasped, and Merlin smiled. He was such a natural at this, Merlin was very lucky to have found such a willing plaything to warm his bed.

"Spread your legs and let me in, after all, you're here because you want to serve my pleasure."

Merlin had every intention of fulfilling his promise to make Arthur come just by teasing his pierced nipples, but he'd have more time to make it really good, to completely break his control, if he came first. Besides, he'd been wanting to fuck Arthur face to face, to watch his eyes glaze as he pushed inside his welcoming body.

Arthur was eagerly tilting his hips up, exposing himself ready for Merlin's cock and soon Merlin began the long slow strokes that were designed to push Arthur even higher. He didn't tease for too long, though, this was mostly about taking the edge off his own desire, so he could concentrate better on stoking Arthur's.

Coming, Merlin collapsed on Arthur's chest, feeling his hard cock pressing against his belly. There was no doubt at all that Arthur was still getting off on this, still enjoying his own submission.

He was in just the right position to return to teasing Arthur's nipples, this time with his mouth. He pulled up onto his hands and knees, away from Arthur's cock, which he was trying to rub off against his stomach.

"Oh no, you don't. I promised you'd come from just my mouth and these...", flicking one of the rings with his tongue. "No cheating, or I'll just play for a while longer and then leave you hanging. I decide when or whether you get to come, so you had better start thinking how to ask me nicely."

He went back to sucking one of the rings into his mouth and pulling gently with his teeth, while Arthur arched and moaned underneath him.

"Please," Arthur said eventually, his voice hoarse. "Please let me come, that feels so good I think I'm going to fly apart."

Merlin smiled around the ring in his mouth and then pulled off to say, "That was almost too coherent, I'm not sure you really mean it."

"Please..." was all that Arthur could say in response.

"Very well, you have been very good this morning." He relaxed his control through the collar and Arthur came, without Merlin even touching him again.

"You really did need that," Merlin said. "Are you pleased with your new toys?"

Arthur blinked, starting to regain some of his control. He swallowed, and then said, "Yes, they feel just as good as you said they would. Thank you."

Merlin was very pleased by his ungrudging response to the question. "It's so much better when you tell me the truth about how you feel, without me having to fuck it out of you. Not that it's exactly a hardship but I won't always have time to indulge your whims."

Arthur's surrender had been more than stimulating enough for Merlin to want another chance to bury himself in his willing body. It didn't take long for Merlin to come again and this time he happily rested, enjoying Arthur's body as a pillow.

A short while later, a messenger crept his way into the tent. Merlin was instantly alert, because he knew that it must be urgent for them to have disturbed him, against his express orders. He got up, cleaning both himself and Arthur with a single thought, and asked what the news was.

"Emrys, the Lady is here and she brings great news. Uther Pendragon is dead."

Merlin had known that he was growing increasingly fond of his bedmate, but still was surprised to find that along with the sense of satisfaction that a deadly enemy of his people was no more, came a sympathy for Arthur on the death of his father. He looked over at his lover, and saw sorrow but not shock in his eyes.

He'd known? Not something that he would have wanted to tell his captors, Merlin supposed, but still he was surprisingly disappointed that he had kept it secret. He needed time to think, away from the distraction of Arthur's beautiful body. It was probably better to make sure he had some clothes, he decided, so he summoned the things Arthur had been wearing when he was captured, now cleaned and mended.

"Get up and get dressed," he said. "Your clothes are over by the table."

"Bring breakfast for our guest, Matthew," he told the messenger.

"I need to go and speak to the Lady, I will return later."