Orbital Academy II

--------------------------------------------

by MaddiroseX

(Did you love this story? Hate it? Want a sequel? Please let me
know at maddirosex@gmail.com!)

--------------------------------------------

Every night before bed, Aimee set a personal alarm for a
half-hour before her squadmates woke up. The plan was always to
enjoy a quiet hour to herself, a respite from the busy schedule
that ruled her life these days. Unfortunately for Aimee, every
morning she would sleepily cancel the alarm as soon as it went
off, so in practice she tended to be woken by the same alarm that
shrieked the other rookies out of bed. She spit a swear word as
her feet hit the cold tile of the barracks floor, and she wasn't
the only one, as the rest of her squadmates dragged themselves
from their beds and into the cold air.


Samantha, sleeping across from Aimee, broke into a run as soon as
she disentangled from her covers, still rubbing the sleep from
her eyes, yelling "First for showers! Dibs!" Aimee smiled,
pulling her blankets around her like a makeshift cloak.
"More time for us to get warm," she muttered sleepily to no one
in particular. The Academy orbital station had many luxuries that
the smaller civilian stations did not, but it didn't have the
energy to waste on extra water or heating. The barracks was kept
just warm enough to be livable, and its' two-unit shower only had
the water for nine showers of exactly fifteen minutes each.
Though the squaddies tried not to go over their time, the final
two always had less water than everyone else. Aimee looked at the
bunk next to her; Marcus still curled in a ball, and Li in the
bunk above, awake but clearly not going anywhere. She cuddled
into her blanket, confident that she wouldn't be last.


Missy was already stripping off her loose longsleeved shirt by
the time Aimee reached the shower, and she blushed and covered
her breasts with an arm as Aimee came in.
"Not looking, don't worry," Aimee smiled and resisted the urge to
roll her eyes as she turned her back on her squadmate, "but you
know...we're all gonna be on the same squad for a year. After
that, we'll probably end up on squads together on and off for the
rest of our career. I don't think there's much of a point being
shy around your squaddies. 'Specially us other girls." She tried
to put it delicately, but as she shimmied out of her own white
sleep clothes she could picture the furious blush that was
probably creeping across Missy's face.


"I...I dunno," Missy stammered, "This seems to have been working
so far." Aimee did roll her eyes at that, but kept her back to
the other girl as she stepped under the showerhead and powered it
on.
"Sure, maybe for the last week," she breathed a sigh of
contentment as the showerhead read her body signature and warmed
the water to her preferred temperature in an instant, dousing her
in water so hot it bathed her in steam. "But there's gonna come a
day in the next five years where I might not be the one showering
with you, and who knows if the other girls'll be ok with this
whole 'don't look to the left' thing. Or one of the guys," she
added slyly, for the sole purpose of the squeak of shock that
came from Missy.


"They wouldn't make us shower with one of the boys would they? Is
that even legal?" Aimee grinned at Missy's suddenly high-pitched
voice. "They so can't do that! They couldn't force us to be
that...that intimate!" Missy was starting to splutter with a mix
of indignation and panic, and she didn't seem to notice that
Aimee had turned towards the frosted glass that separated them
until she spoke.


"Missy. Look at me," Aimee tried to convey reassurance and calm,
"Nobody's going to make you do anything. You don't come from an
Academy family, so you don't 'get' it...but your squad in the
Academy, you grow so close to them that there's nothing hidden
anymore. The nine of us are going to end up closer than siblings,
closer than spouses. Maybe not this week, or even this year, but
by the time we hit our second or third planetary mission? Or our
fifth year together? There's not gonna be any secrets between any
of us."
"Really?" Missy's body language was the picture of uncertainty,
but at least she wasn't blushing as far as Aimee could tell, "I
just can't picture that amount of closeness with someone you
aren't married to."


"Are you kidding?" Aimee turned back to the shower, flipping on
the sonic cleanser and relaxing as the invisible sound waves
destroyed particles of dirt and sweat from her skin, "my dad has
this squaddie named Sara who comes around for dinner three or
four times a week. We moved to the city so they could be close,
that's how much they mean to each other. My mom knows that she's
not gonna compete with that. Not that my dad doesn't love my mom,
he'd die for her, but..." she shrugged, "it's impossible to break
that connection between squaddies, you know? It's one of the
things you accept when you marry an Academy grad. My dad might
take a bullet for my mom, but Sara actually *has* taken a bullet
for him."


Aimee could see Missy taking her words in, lost in thought, as
she flicked on her own showerhead's sonic cleanser. She took the
opportunity to give Missy a glance up and down through the
separator. She was a very pale girl, Aimee noted, her faintly
pink skin a stark contrast to Aimee's own caramel brown. Not that
that was the only difference between them. While Aimee preferred
to keep her jet black hair up in a ponytail at almost all times,
Missy's curly brown locks fell in ringlets around her face. Aimee
was taller, her shoulders more squared and her hips wide, while
Missy's figure was diminutive and petite. Missy noticed Aimee
looking at her, and covered herself up with an arm again.
"What?"
"You're just so porcelain cute it's disgusting," Aimee responded
with a grin
"What? I am not!"
"You are. You're like a fuckin' china doll. It's ok, people like
that whole girly look."


Missy opened her mouth to respond, but the sound of voices just
past the door interrupted them. Aimee glanced at the timer on the
wall as Missy quickly stepped from the shower to the evaporator;
their fifteen minutes were up. She half-sighed, half-swore under
her breath. Missy, wreathed in steam from the water droplets
instantly evaporating from her skin, managed to slip her robe
around herself before Li and Marcus came in, but Aimee stayed
under the hot stream of water. "It's so freaking cold out there
and I'm so comfortable," she managed to plead and snarl at the
same time, "I will give one of you an entire week's dessert
vouchers if you let me take your shower time."


Li was already shrugging out of his sleep gear, his eyes
travelling up and down Aimee's body as he did so. She returned
the glance unabashedly. Pre-Academy physical training had turned
the skinny boy into quite a muscular man. Aimee's eyes roved
across his olive skin, noting that it contrasted nicely with his
black hair. He was just a few inches taller than her, and when
her eyes finally met his a shiver ran down her spine.


"Eh, not a huge fan of dessert," he smiled. Marcus was giving her
an appreciative glance as well, but he seemed much more
interested in getting into the warm water himself; he slipped out
of his clothes and under the unoccupied shower in the space of a
few seconds. Missy had already left the room, wrapped in her robe
but still shivering.
"You suck, I hate you, I'm cold," Aimee complained, stepping out
of the water and instantly regretted it as goosebumps rose on her
shivering skin.
"Well I didn't say we couldn't work something out..there's no way
I'm giving up my time, but we can share," Li wiggled his eyebrows
at her with an exaggerated lewd expression, grinning as he
stepped into the recently vacated shower.
"I know you're joking, but *fuck* it's cold," Aimee wavered for
about half a second, then stepped under the warm water with him,
turning her back on his look of surprise..


"I should make stupid jokes more often," he chuckled, and he was
close enough that she could feel his warm breath on the back of
her neck. Even though she was no longer cold, the goosebumps
stayed raised.
"You can look but no touching," she said over her shoulder,
sticking her tongue out. Li shrugged agreeably, "worth a little
less space in the shower" he replied. The showerhead registered
both of their body signatures and adjusted the temperature to an
average of their preferences, raising the heat just a bit.


"Ooooh my gooood" Aimee moaned out loud, as the heat and steam
seemed to melt her strained muscles. As soon as she moaned she
felt Li's member harden and press into her rear.
"Hey there," she giggled, "I said no touching didn't I?"
"What?" Li's voice was defensive, "There's not a lot of room for
two people in here."
"Well then maybe you shouldn't be swinging that thing around,"
Aimee smiled. Though she loved giving Li a hard time, she
actually didn't mind the feeling against her bottom, warm and
firm and slick with water, "maybe you should take care of that
some time."
"I wish," Li pulled his hips away, out of the water. Aimee felt
slightly disappointed as warmth left and Li continued, "There's
never enough time."
"Ugh, tell me about it," Aimee agreed, "let alone enough privacy.
It gets freaking frustrating, I feel like there's constantly a
fire between my legs."
"...you did that on purpose," Li complained, as his member
pressed against her again, and she grinned.
"Maybe. Maybe I like the warmth."
"That's not a very nice thing to do when we've already
established I can't jerk off around the other guys."
"And the other guys appreciate that, believe me." Marcus broke
in.


"Well if we can't take care of ourselves, isn't that all the more
reason to be nice to each other?" Aimee started slowly shifting
her ass, taking advantage of the slickness to slide it up and
down his length. Li sucked in a breath, and although he didn't
say anything, she could tell from the slight trembling that he
was stopping himself from pushing forward.
"...and I can be very nice when I want to be," she added softly,
shooting a suggestive look over her shoulder to gauge his
reaction.
"Oh come on! How is that any better?" Marcus complained from the
next shower over, "I'm standing *right here*."
"Your own fault for listening," Aimee laughed, but her
conversation with Missy weighed on her. Much as it would be nice
to scratch an itch that had been plaguing her for a week, It
wasn't worth introducing tension into the squad, "it's fine,
you've got a point. No being nice for an audience then."


Li's disappointment was almost palpable, "Cockblocked by my own
squadmate!" he groaned, half-serious, and leaned back, away from
her. Stealing a glance at Marcus to make sure his back was still
turned, Aimee stepped back as well, grinding her butt into Li,
trapping his shaft between his stomach and her ass.
"So are either of you finding it as rough to adjust as I am?" She
asked, keeping the conversation going so that Marcus wouldn't
look over his shoulder and note how close they were behind the
frosted glass.
"Oh you know, same as for everyone else in the squad I guess,"
Aimee was glad Marcus answered; Li's breathing was coming out in
shallow pants as she ground against him, trapping his member
between her butt cheeks and working them up and down. "It takes a
lot of adjustment to get used to such a harsh schedule...but
there's the luxuries too, the benefits of living on a better
supplied orbital station."


"Yea, I don't miss living on a civilian orbital, that's true.
Worse food, less space, fewer amazing showers," Aimee enjoyed how
casual and level she was able to keep her voice as she began
moving her hips in circles, sliding smooth skin across Li's head
as she moved up and down, from side to side, "and I think it's
also helpful to have each other for support."
"I agree, it's good to have squaddies to lean on." Marcus
replied, then added after a moment "even the perverted ones."
Aimee turned sharply to look at the divider, but Marcus' back was
still to the glass, apparently oblivious. Li was thrusting
against her now, all attempts at subtlety forgotten as he
responded to her rubbing. The combination of friction and
slickness was turning Aimee on, but even better was Li's clear
desire for her. When he grabbed her hips, nails digging into
sensitive skin as if he couldn't help himself, Aimee almost came,
even though he hadn't yet touched her where she wanted it most.


The timers above them made a small pinging noise, and the water
cut off. Aimee bit her lip hard to keep from whimpering as the
two of them separated, both breathing heavily and nowhere near
satisfied.
"Ooh, tough luck you two," Marcus grinned, stepping out of his
shower, "gotta suck getting interrupted like that."
"Interrupted doing what?" Aimee's face grew hot, but she grinned
in spite of herself, "we were just having a conversation!"
"Yea, well, I feel bad for you," he chuckled, stepping into the
evaporator. "Any conversation that has you both panting and
gasping like that probably won't be fun to have stuck in your
heads all day." Aimee's grin slowly dropped from her face as she
was suddenly very aware of the burning hunger between her legs.
"Son of a bitch" she growled.


"Jeez Aim, if I'd known you were whoring yourself out for some
shower time, I'd've offered you mine," Preston joked as Marcus,
Li, and Aimee re-entered the barracks.
"It's funny that 15 minutes of shower time is all you think your
dick is worth" Aimee replied. For some reason Preston's
lascivious humor never seemed as cute as Marcus or Li's. Maybe
because even though his words were lighthearted, it sometimes
felt as if he weren't joking.
"She didn't whore herself, nothing happened," Li pulled on his
uniform as he spoke; Aimee was surprised at the disappointment
she felt watching his skinny but muscled chest being hidden by
its crisp grey lines, "we just shared a shower, Marcus can
testify."


"Marcus is staying completely out of this one," Marcus was
already dressed and checking the screen by his bunk for new
updates, "whatever sordid and X-rated things happened in that
shower, it's between the two of them."
"It's ok Li, you don't need to defend me," Aimee finished
dressing and rose from her bunk, "if Preston thinks I'd do
something just for a few minutes longer in the showers, nothing's
going to change his opinion of me." She layered the guilt on a
little heavily, but Preston's joke had uncharacteristically
bothered her. To his credit, Preston looked a little ashamed of
himself at her words.
"Aw I was just poking fun, I didn't actually mean it," he
muttered, a little sheepishly. Aimee made a mental note to stick
to her own allotted shower time from now on.


"Tactical III: Squad Maneuvers" was an optional class, which
meant only about a quarter of the rookies in Aimee's year had
signed up for it. Unfortunately for her and her squadmates, their
instructor Captain Appet was dedicated to holding her squad to
the highest of standards. For the four boys and five girls that
made up her squad, the class was mandatory, making them the only
rookie squad with every member signed up for the class. On the
plus side, this meant they had an entire class session to
themselves, twice a week. The rookies were seated now around the
large circular table, the wide space in the middle of the table
projecting a holographic sphere as its standby screen.


Captain Appet and Tactics Instructor Yidra sat together on the
far side of the table from the door as the squad filed in. Aimee
sat a few seats down from the pair, and smiled when Missy took
the one next to her; she was glad their conversation hadn't
frightened the shy girl off. Preston took a seat on her other
side, and after a moment Aimee turned to give him a smile as
well. No matter how much he irked her, they would be squaddies.
Love or hate him, he would eventually be closer than a brother to
her, so she might as well make an effort. Marcus sat on Preston's
other side, next to the Captain. Two other girls, Alex and Julia,
sat on Missy's other side, followed by Li directly across from
Aimee, Jackson, and Tess.


"Welcome, Rooks," Captain Appet began, and Aimee's eyes narrowed.
When the Captain was in a good enough mood to use nicknames, it
meant either she was about to go very easy or very hard on them.
"Today we're going to skip the theory and get down to the
practical; we're going to set up a ten-way virtual squadron
battle." As she spoke, Yidra had been fiddling with the virtual
keyboard in front of him. As the Captain spoke, lights began to
form above the table's surface;  holographic fleets of spheres,
in ten different colors. At the same time, a virtual keyboard
glowed in front of each of the rookies and Captain Appet, their
colors matching the spheres.


"The keyboards will send orders to the holographic drones,"
Captain Appet explained, typing a few symbols and sending a green
sphere plunging towards the table, then slowly raising up again,
"we've scaled the size down quite a bit of course, but otherwise
the holograms will respond and behave exactly the same as a real
drone on a planetary run. Yidra is going to be taking notes on
your tactics, which he'll share with all of you via the squad
forum this evening."


Aimee experimentally keyed in a few of the controls, testing the
movement, figuring out how to send orders to multiple drones at
once. From the bobbing and rotating of some of the other colors,
she could see some of the quicker squaddies had the same idea.
Captain Appet continued. "Now in real life these drones are
bloody expensive, so to simulate the pain and loss you'd feel
wasting money, the last person with drones remaining will get a
full week of dessert vouchers...taken from the first person to
lose all of their drones. Start!"


In the space of twenty seconds, Aimee learned more about her
squadmates as she had in the entire past week. Each swarm of
drones separated into their colors and began moving tactically,
and she was glad to notice that all of them moved with purpose.
She would rather have a clever squadmate when the real action
came, even if that made it harder to win this particular battle.
Fifteen drones in red, lavender, and yellow immediately swarmed
toward the middle of the table; Jackson, Preston, and Julia all
had the idea to take control of the battlefield right from the
start.


*Aggressive, reckless...but really good for them if they can pull
it off,* Aimee thought, drawing her drones back and low, keeping
them out of the way and simply watching the conflict. Most of the
others were playing it cautiously as well, spreading to give
themselves coverage but not coming within range of any of the
others until they could tell how the battle in the middle played
out. The purple drones that belonged to Marcus were cautiously
approaching the center, clearly planning to take advantage of the
fight to score shots against the occupied forces, but his
movements left his entire flank wide open to Captain Appet's
drones. With a few easy keystrokes the Captain's drones speared
forward viciously, splitting Marcus' forces in half and wiping
them out with miniature holographic explosions while only losing
a single one of her own.


"What the hell!" Marcus spluttered, the light from his keyboard
slowly going out in front of him, "I figured you'd wait until I
did a little damage to them!"
"Why wait?" Captain Appet laughed, pulling her drones back to a
safe position, "What, did you think I was going to go easy on you
Marcus?"
"No, I just..." Marcus frowned and folded his arms, trailing off.
"Well, you saved me from giving up my desserts at least," Julia
sighed, as her final yellow ship burst into holographic
fragments, "so thanks for um...trying to screw me over I guess,"
she winked.


"Yea, yea," Marcus muttered, but he half-smiled back as he
watched the rest of the battle play out. Jackson muttered a curse
under his breath as the final red drone winked out as well.
Preston's victory over the middle placed him in an advantageous
position over everyone else, but the fighting had only left him
with one drone; with no backup it was exposing its vulnerable
rear no matter which way it pointed.


"Aaah shit, I didn't think this one through," Preston chuckled,
rotating the lavender drone in circles so that whoever made the
first move would at least suffer a little damage. Aimee
considered making a move for the middle, but she knew the second
she moved that one of the remaining five would make her pay for
it. While she wavered back and forth, Missy made her move.
It happened suddenly and smoothly; the pink drones moving so
close to the surface of the table that it looked as if they were
skating on the surface itself. They were spread out far enough
and moving fast enough that none of them made a particularly good
target, and before anyone could decide on an action she had all
five skitting across the table taking shots from below at
everyone's drones. It didn't take long for the remaining drones
to raise high enough from the table to get out of her range, but
she had managed in less than a minute to destroy several, one of
Aimee's included.


"Now look at what you've done Cap," Alex joked, pulling her two
remaining drones high only to lose them both to Captain Appet's
waiting forces, "You've turned our sweet innocent Missy into a
reckless monster!" The slow-mounting pressure at the table broke
as everyone broke into chuckles, and Aimee hadn't realized how
tense her hands had been until the tension was released. Even
Missy laughed, although she stopped when the Captain's drones
swooped down, capitalizing on the pink drones' low altitude by
firing shots that nudged them down into the surface of the table,
exploding into pink light.


Aimee had been trying to play relatively defensively, keeping her
drones in a group and firing en mass to drive off any drones that
got close. It had worked well for her so far, and she was feeling
good about her three remaining drones, the same number as Captain
Appet had, until she glanced across the table. Five blue spheres
of light hovered in front of Li's face, and he was grinning at
her.


"You're not even trying!" Aimee accused, and his grin only
widened.
"I already told you, I'm not a huge fan of desserts," he said,
picking off the last of Tess' gray holographs. He shrugged,
maneuvering his drones to carefully hover just out of range of
danger, "plus it seems to be working out for me."
"Okay, okay fine, what *are* you a huge fan of?" Aimee asked
through her teeth, "Because full disclosure; I can't tell you how
much I want to wipe that dumb grin off your face right now."
Li didn't answer for a moment, carefully darting his drones back
as Captain Appet feinted forward, trying to make him attack.


"I'll tell you what," he finally said, his grin becoming a little
more sly, "if I beat you, we finish the conversation we were
having this morning."
Marcus leaned his head back and laughed, while the other
squaddies looked back and forth between the them, confused.
Aimee's eyes narrowed, an expression of grim determination
spreading on her face.
"Alright asshole," she replied, "and *when* I win, we still
finish the conversation, but I'm the only one who's allowed
to...um...'talk'".
"Deal."


"Hold on," Captain Appet looked vaguely amused...*does she know
what we're talking about?* Aimee wondered, embarrassed, "I'm
still in this fight too, what do I get if I win?" the Captain
finished, a grin on her face. *Well I guess that answers that.
The Captain wouldn't joke like that.*
Aimee and Li's eyes met across the table, and by unspoken
agreement both swarms of drones moved at almost the same time.
The Captain's drones didn't stand a chance as the two swarms
pinned them on both sides, sending a spray of white holographic
sparks as her drones were obliterated. While the Captain simply
laughed, Aimee and Li immediately tried to press the advantage
against each other, drones darting and wheeling aggressively.
Though she wished it was due to confident skill and easy
multitasking ability, Aimee had to admit as Li's final drone
exploded that it was probably due more to luck than anything. Her
squaddies cheered as Li bowed his head in acknowledgment; he was
still grinning, but somehow Aimee didn't mind it so much anymore.


"Alright, good class everyone," Captain Appet clapped her hands
together to gain their attention, "this simulation will be
available at all hours, just sign in. This is training for actual
maneuvers we'll be running as a team, so I can't stress how
important it is to get comfortable with these controls. From here
on out I'll be requiring at least five games a week from each of
you, either on your own or in groups. That said, I'm requiring a
two-to-one win ratio for each of you, so you'll have to play on
your own at least some of the time. The computer will play AI
drones if you're on your own, and it'll track your stats as well.
Okay, we wrapped that up a little early, so enjoy the free time
before breakfast. See you in the mess hall."


The rookies slowly dispersed from the room, chatting back and
forth, leaving in groups of two or three. After Ydrida jotted
down the last of his notes, he left as well, mumbling something
about "excellent battlefield control". Eventually only Aimee and
Li were left, a half smile on his face, a smug grin on hers. The
room was quiet as the chatter drifted down the hallway outside,
and the door slid closed behind them.


"I'd just like you to know," Li broke the silence, "that after
the shower this morning, you being the only one to finish now is
exceptionally cruel." He stood and slowly walked around the table
towards Aimee as he continued, "in fact I think there are some
Academy laws against torture that this bet is about to violate."
"Aaw, I didn't even think about how rough this would be for
you..." Aimee's triumphant smile gave way to a look of concern,
"now I feel bad"
"You do? Really?"
"Absolutely!" Aimee struggled, keeping the concerned look up
until the last moment, "I guess I really don't know what it feels
like to lose so so badly, it's hard for me to think of how that
must feel."


There was a pause as they stared at each other, him in stunned
silence, her with the smug grin back and plastered on her face.
"...you're a real bitch sometimes Aim, you know that?" Li asked,
but his grin was so wide it matched hers.
"Yep!" Aimee agreed cheerfully, "but I'm a bitch who's about to
have a tongue between her legs."
She leaned back and gestured downwards imperiously, clearly
enjoying herself.
Li made a face at her. Leaning over the keyboard in front of her,
he hit the sequence of buttons Captain Appet had indicated.
Aimee's eyes widened.
"Oh no!" He said in apparent shock, as holographic drones rose
from the table, "It looks like I just accidentally started a new
game for you!"
"You asshole!" Aimee shouted, lunging forward to punch at keys.


Li was kneeling at the foot of her chair, still chuckling, "Oh
dear! I hope nothing happens to distract you! It'd be a shame to
lose and have to add more simulations to your schedule..." His
hands moved to the waist of Aimee's pants and unsnapped the
fastener at her waist.
"OK..." Aimee gritted her teeth, pressing keys that arranged her
drones in a small circle while she counted the white AI drones
that circled around the table's surface. "Okay, you want to play,
Li? Fine. I think there's something you should be doing with your
tongue instead of mouthing off." Lifting her ass to let him pull
her uniform pants down, Aimee focused on the simulation.
As soon as she felt his tongue on her, Aimee knew she was in
serious trouble. He hadn't dove right in, instead simply flicking
the very tip of his tongue across her mound, running it through
the dark bush she kept neatly trimmed.


"How neat and tidy," Li murmured, and she could feel a pressure
beginning to build inside of her, "I never really appreciate the
attention to detail until I'm close enough to...well, appreciate
it." His mouth was so close to her skin, but he wasn't touching
her, just speaking, and she could feel his warm breath across
places that she ached to have touched.


"Still mouthing off, you really just don't know how to shut up,
do you?" Aimee almost didn't notice when the computer's drones
started moving, swarming forward aggressively. As it was she
almost wasn't able to dodge their very first attack. *My reflexes
are slow, damnit this isn't good.* Li could feel it too, the way
her body tensed as she tried to focus on keying in commands.
"Uh-oh," even though she couldn't see his face, Aimee could tell
that he was grinning, "I'm not taking your attention away from
anything, am I?"


"Nope, not really," Aimee responded, gritting her teeth against
the warring feelings of the warmth inside of her and the warmth
coming from the man on his knees in front of her, "as a matter of
fact, your annoying smugness is only spurring me on towards
victory." She was trying to make it true, organizing her drones
in a loose pattern that would let her stay defensive if she lost
focus for a few moments.


"Oh, is that a fact?" Li sounded like he was enjoying himself,
"well let's see how long that lasts." Aimee opened her mouth to
snap back a response, but Li suddenly *licked*, sliding the
entire length of his tongue up across her clit, and it was all
that she could manage to not make a noise. *Yep, definitely in
trouble.*


The AI drones were moving again, and belatedly Aimee moved her
own in response. As she tried with all of her might to focus on
the game in front of her, Li was showing similar focus. His
tongue moved in slow, smooth yet unpredictable motions. Just when
she thought she could follow the pattern enough to tune it out,
he changed it. One moment he would be plunging his tongue inside
of her, pausing only long enough to feel her quivering, and the
next he would be flicking it lightly across her skin, not
touching the most sensitive areas, barely making contact at all.


As amazing as his tongue felt inside and on her, Aimee was taking
deep breaths. Aside from involuntarily squirming when he happened
to hit *just* the right spot, she was surprised at how much she
could focus and calm herself. Her fingers were flying across the
keyboard to deal with the strategies the computer was throwing at
her, sending drones circling and spinning with her intuition. She
had already managed to whittle them down to half their number,
and she hadn't given Li the satisfaction of hearing her moan
*once*.


"Huh, looks like even with everything stacked against me, I'm
*still* managing to win," she commented lightly, half smiling
when Li looked up at her. His eyes, a light brown that was almost
gold, met hers as he started flicking his tongue directly against
her clit, without stopping, without mercy. Aimee almost lost both
her train of thought and control of her drones. With a conscious
effort she pulled her focus back to her taunting, "It's probably
pretty embarrassing for you, me being so good at tactics that I
can win even with you down there."


Without any warning, in one fluid motion, Li slid two fingers
inside of her, pressing her G-spot at the same time he pressed
against her clit with his tongue.


"Fuck!" Aimee gasped, her entire body tensing and twitching with
the sudden unexpected pleasure that shot from his fingers all the
way up her spine. Her hands clenched and she involuntarily
dragged them across the keyboard, sending half of her drones
crashing into the table and exploding.


"Oh I'm sorry, you were saying something?" Li looked up
innocently, while at the same time making small circles inside of
her with his fingers.
"Fuck fuck fuck," Aimee didn't know if she was swearing at him,
at the loss of her drones, or at the shocks of bliss building up
between her legs. Probably a bit of all three. She could barely
form a conscious thought in her head as he went back to licking,
now sliding his fingers in and out of her in a steady rhythm. Her
hands went back to the keyboard, and with what little focus she
could muster she looked at the lights that seemed to be spinning
on the table. Her fingers seemed to fly of their own accord,
sending the pink points of light flying in response.


"Not yet, not ye-et," she panted, trying with everything she had
to ignore how wet she was, how weak her legs were, how much she
wanted to let herself go and release the sexual pressure that was
so real she could feel it in her skin. She distracted herself
with the game, spinning the lone drone in her control across the
table, playing with a frenzy she didn't realize she had.
The last AI drone exploded, and a half second later Aimee let
herself go. Her legs had somehow gotten wrapped around Li, and
she pulled him forward as she came. His fingers were deep, deep
inside of her, and she could feel herself clamp down on them,
feel the walls of her pussy trembling and quivering. Her nails
dug into the seat of the chair, and despite how desperately she
didn't want to give him the satisfaction, she couldn't help but
let out a single, long, moan.
"FUCK" she screamed the word as she reached the peak of her
orgasm, her whole body shaking and bucking against his fingers
and tongue.


As the soft blue glow from the keyboard slowly went out, Aimee
leaned back in the chair, spent.
"You're still an asshole," she panted
"An asshole who's pretty good at that?" Li leaned back on his
heels,
Aimee didn't deny it, but couldn't resist needling him as she
hiked her uniform pants back up; "It's just too bad you're not as
good at drone tactics. Plus, I have to point out, apparently not
good enough at that to keep me from winning." She gestured
towards the single blue drone hovering near the middle of the
table. There was a moment of silence that could easily turn to
awkwardness, but she stood and offered a hand to pull Li to his
feet. "I'm thoroughly hungry now. Breakfast?"


As the two made their way from the simulation room, she pondered
aloud, "So you know we've got flight training this afternoon?
I'll bet I score higher than you."
"Are you kidding? I'll wipe the floor with your feeble efforts.
What do you want to bet?"
"Oh I'm sure we can think of something..."
