Craig paced. He took a drink from the bottle of beer, grimacing at the flat warm liquid and sat it down. Karl was full of shite. Craig paced some more and took another sip of the tepid beer. "Damn." He said and wiped his mouth. He walked to the sink to pour out the beer when the ringing of his phone distracted him.

"Yeah, hello." He answered.

"Hey. How was Auckland?"

"Viggo." Craig said and sat down. "'Bout as good as Spain." He said in a mumble.

"Sounds like," Viggo said, kicking his legs over the arm of the chair and leaning back. "As good as LA too?"

"I should issue maps. It could be the Rings version of Where's Waldo? Except we could call it where's Craig going to fuck up next?"

"You're a good looking guy, Craig. But self-pity is attractive on no one."

"Yeah, well something else I need to learn, yeah?"

"I suppose so. I could get all preachy and tell you that apologies are a lot more useful than self-pity... but that only works if you're actually sorry," Viggo said, taking a pull off of the beer in his hand.

"Wow, let me check my calendar. I didn't realize it was international call your ex-lover and mock him day." Craig made a hard sound in his throat.

"I didn't call you to mock you. Pretty sure it hasn't turned up in my tone either. If it came across that way, I'm sorry. I called to ask if you wanted to talk."

Craig leaned his head back. "Yeah, I think I'd like that."

Viggo paused for a moment waiting for the apology that he thought might follow the one he'd gave Craig, then went on, managing not to sigh. He's not there yet. Maybe sometime, but not yet. "So... you know I'm not mocking you now. You want to talk, you've got my attention."

"I went to visit Karl. He was - less than enthusiastic - about the visit." Craig said softly and huffed out a laugh.

"You and Karl aren't that close, are you?" Viggo said, keeping his voice as impartial as he could.

Craig laughed, a harsh sound. "No."

"Then why?"

"It - he," Craig was quiet for a minute. "I don't really know. It seemed like it was a good idea. I've had better ones."

"You didn't sleep with him before?"

"No, I didn't."

"And then, all of a sudden..." Viggo trailed off.

"And then all of a sudden I decide to seduce..." Craig swallowed. "What the hell's wrong with me Viggo?" He said and chuckled darkly.

"Don't know. Is that why you went to see Karl?" Viggo wriggled in the chair, reaching for his drink again.

"I hate that it was Karl that Orlando broke Marton's heart with. Fucking Karl of all people."

"Marton's heart is doing just fine, at the present. But if it was such a concern for you, then why were you going off to fuck Karl? I mean if it was such a big deal that Orlando fucked him then, how is it better if you're fucking Karl now- in terms of how Marton feels anyway?"

"I don't know!" Craig snapped out. "Fuck Viggo, I don't know."

"Well, what were you thinking when you did it? How did you decide to go anyway- just up and headed for the airport?" Viggo continued, unperturbed by Craig's outburst.

"Yeah basically. It seemed like such a good idea."

"But why, Craig. Try and sort out why."

Craig chewed on his fingernail, phone against his ear held tight in the other hand. "How was it so easy for Orlando? How did we all just fall in bed with him?"

Viggo frowned, thinking about the question. "He just... is. But I think we all reacted to him differently. He and I just hit it off, but I knew it was never going to be anything more than that."

"He is so goddamned alive. I knew it wasn't - well - I thought I knew. The funny thing is, I'm not sure if I wanted Orlando or wanted what Orlando had. How bloody pathetic is that?"

"It's not pathetic, Craig. But I don't think what you're doing is doing you any good. Whichever way it is. It's not good for you, and if you're not careful, it's going to cost you your friends," Viggo said softly.

"Has it cost me you?" Craig asked.

"If it had, I wouldn't be sitting inside talking to you instead of walking around out in the sunshine, would I?" Viggo said wryly.

Craig chuckled, his tone a little lighter. "Guess not. So let's see, counting you - that's one. Oh and David. Poor bastard even made me pancakes, said I looked like shite when I got back from visiting you."

"Not much of a statement on my hospitality, is it," Viggo said, grinning. "How is David?"

Craig laughed. "He's great. Complaining about my cooking and cleaning out my refrigerator. The usual."

"He cleaned out your refrigerator? Wow. I didn't know David was a masochist," Viggo said, deadpan.

"I think he just likes to bust my balls."

"Still, you wouldn't catch me cleaning my own fridge, let alone one you've been near," Viggo added, furrowing his brow a little. "Just out of the goodness of his heart, huh?"

Craig shrugged against the phone. "David's always been a good guy."

"He is and he cooks for you?"

"Did you know that David can cook? He made sautéed swordfish. Well he tried." Craig laughed. "There was an incident with a sauté pan and a small fire. He hasn't forgiven me completely. And he made this like fruit pie with clotted cream. Man." Craig said with a sigh.

"Sounds like you're pretty spoiled. He have you doing yard work or something to balance it out?"

"Nah. Well, I helped him last year when he re-did the back deck. I brought the beer." Craig said with a fond smile. "David's all right."

"He is a good guy," Viggo murmured, his thoughts turning over on themselves. "I never hooked up with David in New Zealand. So you're up one on me there."

"Nope, still even." Craig said. "David and I never got together, just friends."

"Oh." Viggo paused for a moment, surprised. "My mistake then. Sorry."

"Yeah it just never was our time, I guess, huh." Craig said, brow furrowed a bit.

"Well, you're probably better friends for it then, I suppose," Viggo shrugged.

"Yeah maybe so. You never - you know - with David?"

"I wasn't really around David very much. But no- I didn't," Viggo shook his head, even though Craig couldn't see the gesture.

"Hmm. Oh well." Craig said dismissively. "Thanks Viggo, for still being a friend and I'm sorry for running off the way I did, for acting like a bloody bastard."

"You were a bastard. But I think there's hope for you yet. And I have a feeling that you aren't really interested in Marton. Or Orlando, as a matter of fact."

"Can a Church of England man become a nun, you think? That might solve my problems." Craig said laughing. "Vow of chastity and all."

"Black really isn't your color, mate," Viggo said, managing to keep his voice serious before laughing as well. "But no- my point was, in this whole conversation, you've not really asked me about either of them. Which leads me towards thinking you're not all that interested after all."

"Or maybe I'm just that selfish and self involved?" Craig said with a laugh.

"Either way, it doesn't speak much of undying passion for either of them."

Craig sighed, "I guess it really doesn't, does it? So you still available?" He said and laughed.

Viggo rolled his eyes and sighed, shaking his head even though Craig couldn't see the gesture. "Why Parker, you sweep me off my feet," he drawled, taking another pull off his drink.

"It wasn't my charm you were attracted to Mortensen, let's just be honest here." Craig said with a smile, feeling better.

"True enough. So- you feeling a little bit less sorry for yourself?"

"Yeah, thanks mate." Craig said and then added, "I really do owe you an apology. I was a bastard the way I left. I'm sorry."

"You do. And you were. And I accept. Keep from doing it again, and we're fine." Viggo said.

"Shite, I'll try." Craig snorted out. "Damn, I'm just going to stay away from men. You're all bad news."

"Yep. Wicked beasts us," Viggo agreed, grinning harder as he heard the sound of someone fiddling with the door. "About time- shooting must have run late today," he muttered, getting up out of the chair. "Good luck with that celibacy thing, Craig- and feel free to call me any time now. Especially since I've just proved that the cell works even here in Spain."

"Spain? Viggo, what the fuck're you doing in Spain?" Craig asked, eyes narrowing.

"Well, in about five minutes, Jeremy Irons," Viggo quipped. "Love you, Craig- bye for now!" Viggo said, turning the phone off and tossing it onto the side table.

"What? Huh? Buh?" Craig sputtered, staring at the phone.

"Who was that?" Jeremy asked, grinning as he closed the door behind him and walked towards Viggo.

"Tell you later," Viggo said, grinning wickedly.