Webcam Exhibitionist
by TiasDreams

Divorce is hard. What started as a fight for little Tia eventually became a battle to win. A year and many thousands of dollars later, the fight between former Mr and Mrs Sunwater was just how it started – 50/50 joint custody.

Every two weeks, on the Friday after school, Tia would switch parents. She preferred it at her mom's, that's where all of her stuff was from before the divorce. Diaries, pictures, toys, her Nintendo Switch. Everything.

On the other hand, everything at her dad's was new. Mere copies or replacements of things she already owned flooded the cupboard still filled with packed up boxes. Nevertheless, she knew he was trying.

This Friday, it was dad time. She waved goodbye to her friend Sally and climbed into her dad's clunky Ford Mondeo. He looked happy to see her, she was just happy there was no more school.

"I bought you something" he said as soon as her butt was firm in her seat.

"Really? What is it?" She asked.

Her dad nudged his head backward, pointing at a bag from the local second-hand store. Tia instantly leaned back, grabbed the bag and peered inside. It was a MacBook! Almost like the one at mom's, but a year or so older.

"I know you've been bored a lot... I, well, you know how you young ones like your computers. I don't want you to feel like I can't give you what you want." He said, his head dropping.

She leaned over to her dad and kissed him on the cheek. "I love it, dad. Thank you."

————————————————————————————

After a dinner of mashed potato and chicken nuggets, Tia went to her room. The one thing she preferred at her dad's was the room. She had a lock on her door, something her mother would never allow, a balcony, a good view, and it was just roomy. Dad made sure to give her the bigger room, he never needed much space. She felt like a princess.

Tia undressed, kicking her clothes into a corner. She looked into the mirror, attempting to admire her own body. Her olive skin reflected in the moonlight, it also caught her ass, illuminating her figure. Well, what figure she had.

She moved her hands to her chest, grabbing at nothing. Her mom had large, impressive boobs, but she barely had nubs. She grabbed her long, silky black hair and pulled it over her chest. It was so long that strands were starting to make their way between her legs, tickling her most precious parts.

"I just want to be sexy." She sighed as she frowned at herself.

After her daily ritual of being upset at her lack of impressive breast tissue, Tia turned her eyes to the MacBook. Knowing dad, it probably didn't even work, but it was the thought that counted. If it was broken, she probably wouldn't tell him anyway.

Tia plugged it in and pressed the power button. Huzzah! It turns on! Huzzah! It boots! Huh? There's already a profile. "Scarlett" the screen read. Whoever sold this MacBook forgot to wipe it at all.

Tia pressed enter, no password was needed. She was in. Unlimited power to do whatever she wanted. Immediately, she moved to the Finder.

"What secrets do you hold, MacBook? Tell me all!" She giggled to herself.

Documents: just some weird tax sheets. Downloads: JPEGs and YouTube videos. Music: nothing. Videos: the motherload. The videos folder was filled to the brim. Inside videos was a collection of sub-folders: anal, pissing, public, incest, zoo, BDSM, forced, live. Oh my god, was this someone's porn folder?

Tia had only ever seen one bit of porn, once. On her 10th birthday, she walked downstairs to surprise her dad. Unbeknownst to her, Mr Sunwater was mid-wank, dick in hand while the living room TV displayed two women and one man doing acts that Tia couldn't quite remember. Ever since then, she'd been sheltered.

This was her time to explore. That time had passed and Tia wanted to know what was waiting for her in the adult world. She clicked on the Live folder which met her with a huge collection of videos with dates on them. February 21st was her birthday so she clicked the video with that date, it opened.

The video displayed a screen from a website called OhMeGirl. On the left there were two cameras, one labelled You, the other labelled Stranger. On the right there was a chat box. On the You box, there was a girl a few years older than Tia. She was white, blonde hair, glasses, just a tad bit chubby.

The video continued, the blonde girl matched with a man almost the age of Tia's dad. The text box pinged.

Hey

Hey

31m

1*f

Hot. What you looking for?

Some fun. Are you fun?

Yes baby. Call me daddy.

Yes daddy. What do you want me to do?

Daddy wants to see your body baby.

Yes daddy.

The blonde girl stood up and started to undress. She pulled off her top, exposing her breasts to the older man. Next came her bottoms which she slowly pulled down, sticking out her ass as she did.

Fuck, baby. Your body is so good.

Thank you daddy. What do you want me to do next?

Spread your pussy for daddy.

Yes sir.

The girl spread her legs open, pulling apart her hairless pussy to show the man her insides. She was wet, glistening, overflowing. The man got up and pulled out his penis, furiously rubbing it over the little whore in front of him.

The blonde girl moved her fingers to her pussy, rubbing between its lips. After a short while she dived inside, her head rolled back in pleasure.

Fuck baby. Daddy's close.

Cum for me daddy

Yes baby thank you

The man started rubbing his cock even harder, pulling the skin back until his cock bent. The girl took her second hand and moved it to her ass, pushing her finger in with the goo that dripped down from her pussy. After a few seconds, the man shot white ribbons on cum all over his camera. Shortly after, the girl rithed around, her limbs locked and an audible shriek could be heard. Then the chat disconnected.

Tia sat there, starting at the screen. She quickly clicked through a few of the other videos, all of the same girl matching with different men. Was this her laptop? One video she was with a boy Tia's age, pushing a big rubber penis into her ass. Another video showed her with a very old man, rubbing herself in her garden. Tia's favourite video saw the girl match with a couple who were already having sex. Eventually, the blonde girl's dog came to join her and she had sex with the dog!

Tia was so flustered. Her face was red and there was a massive wet patch between her legs. What was this? Is this what you do when you're older? She moved to the internet browser, went on private mode and loaded up the website the blonde girl used.

She clicked on connect and quickly pulled her blanket up to hide her body. She had a connection: a boy with glasses was laying in bed, staring at the screen.

Hey.

Tia stared back. Unable to move.

You real?

The boy waved.

Hellooooo?

Tia moved her hand and waved.

Lmao. M18.

Tia moved her hand to the keyboard.

I'm new. What does that mean?

M18 means I'm a male that's 18 lol.

Oh. F1*.

You're a bit young to be on here.

Is there an age requirement?

No. But like naughty things happen here.

Like what?

The boy pulled his blanket away, revealing an impressive rock-hard cock. Tia stared at it, almost salivating. She couldn't believe it, just like the videos she was seeing people actually expose themselves.

What do you want me to do daddy?

I thought you were new lmao. Take your clothes off slut.

Tia took off her blanket, revealing her flat chest. The boy started to stroke his cock in response.

Mmm you were waiting for that weren't you slut

No daddy

I know you were. Open your legs for me.

Yes daddy

Tia spread her legs open, revealing her pussy for the boy on the other side of the screen. She moved her hand to it and started to rub, just like the girl did in the video.

Damn. You're making daddy so hard.

The boy rubbed harder, his face screwed up. Tia was still exploring herself, but she discovered that the tippy top of her newfound pleasure zone felt incredibly good to touch. She looked at the boy, salivating as she saw his cock leak precum. Jolts of pleasure shot through her, she couldn't control her legs. Her body locked up and her mouth let out a shriek as her first orgasm arrived, flooding her hands. The boy smiled and shot his load before instantly disconnecting.

Bang bang bang. "Tia! Are you alright?" Her dad shouted from behind her door, trying to get in.

She slammed down the laptop lid and ran to the door, opening it.

"Dad, what's wrong?" She said.

"I heard you screaming! I thought something happened!" He replied, trying not to stare at his daughter's naked body.

"I, uh, thought I saw a spider!" She quickly lied.

"You poor thing!" Her dad said, picking her up for a hug.

Tia giggled as her dad picked her up, locking her legs around him. She held onto her dad; it'd been a while since she had a hug like this. Her dad placed her into bed, moved the MacBook to the floor and tucked her in.

"You sleep well, Princess." He said, pulling the covers up to her head.

"I will, dad. Thank you." She turned to her side and closed her eyes.

Her dad walked out and went to bed. He pulled off his shirt and noticed a few wet spots. "She didn't feel sweaty." He thought to himself before climbing into bed.


Webcam Exhibitionist #2 — Meeting Lucy

Tia awoke early the next day. Not from excitement of an alarm, but naturally. Her first ever orgasm had sent her to sleep so relaxed that her body was heavy as a sack of bricks. Heavy, very heavy, but calm and relaxed.

As soon as she opened her eyes, she remembered her experience on the webcam website. The spot between her legs got warm and a little sticky. She bit her lip and stared down at the laptop.

"Should I?" She thought to herself.

She checked the time: 6:00 A.M. Daddy wouldn't wake up until at least nine. That would give her a minimum of three hours to explore.

Tia grabbed her laptop and propped it up onto her lap. She loaded up OhMeGirl and investigated the home page. To her surprise, she noticed an interests bar which, last time, she'd left blank.

This time, Tia would try and find someone who liked the same things she liked. Let's see: Music? Yes. Dogs? Absolutely! Hmmm, daddy! She loved her daddy!

After filling out the interests box, Tia searched for her first partner. Covering her nakedness with a blanket, Tia was still a little nervous, but to her surprise she wasn't meet with a horny, rock-hard man, but a girl.

"Hey!" The stranger wrote before telling Tia her age, which was a few years younger than Tia.

"Hello!" Tia wrote back.

"Wow, you're so pretty!" The girl responded, this time through voice.

"T-Thank you!" She replied, speaking to a stranger through voice for the first time. "Do you come here often? Ah! Sorry! That sounds like a pickup line!"

The girl looked back at her and giggled, her face turning red. "You're funny! I come on here when mommy and daddy are sleeping! I like to talk to older boys!"

Tia understood exactly what she meant. Despite being younger than her, the girl was experienced. "I'm here for that too!" She replied.

"Oh my god! I've never met anyone like me! How many times have you done it? I'm new! I've only been here for a year!"

"A year?!" Tia exclaimed, sitting up so fast that her blanket fell from her chest, revealing her breasts to the girl in front of her. "I only just started yesterday!"

The girl looked at Tia, flustered. For a moment, Tia had no idea what caused the girl to quiet down. Then, as a breeze ran through the house, she noticed. "Ah! I'm sorry!" She screamed, pulling her blanket back up to her chest.

The girl responded by pulling away her own blanket, revealing her own tiny body. Tia looked at her in her entirety. Her long, blonde hair barely covered her budding breasts and her hairless pussy glistened with wet.

Instinctively, Tia removed her own blanket and moved her laptop further in front of her, fitting her entire body in her webcam.

"What do you think?" She asked, wanting to impress the girl at least a couple years her junior.

The girl nodded, moving her fingers down to her pussy."I like it." She spread herself open, revealing her soft, wet insides to her older friend.

Tia had never payed much attention to girls before. In school, girls can be mean to other girls — being called a lesbian would mean constant bullying. However, with this girl in front of her, Tia was feeling something. Urges. She wanted to touch her, taste her — reverse that. She wanted so much.

Tia spread her legs and joined the girl in rubbing herself, feeling the wetness leak out before rubbing it up and down her slit. The little girl put a finger inside herself, moaning softly as it slid into her vice-like hole. She followed suit, inserting her finger inside and feeling the warmth of herself.

For a few minutes, the two girls fingered themselves while looking at each other, steadily morning more and more. When the girl was getting closer, she inserted a second finger, spreading herself slightly more so Tia could see the darkness inside her. Tia bit her lip, grabbed her hair and started riding her finger.

It was close. She felt it. A rumbling deep inside her, quickly building up. Tia quickly put her spare hand in her mouth and bit down as her orgasm started to flow, masking her moan.

The girl was also close. Watching Tia cum so viscerally brought her to the edge. The girl removed her fingers from her pussy and grabbed a Sharpie. Quickly, the girl pushed the Sharpie deep inside herself, pulling it out just as quickly.

Tia was exhausted, but with half-closed eyes she watched the girl fuck herself. After a few seconds, as the Sharpie slapped deep against the back of her pussy, the girl finally reached orgasm. Her legs bucked and her pussy tightened, pushing the Sharpie out with a pop.

The two girls relaxed and caught their breath, sweaty and sticky. After a moment of relaxation, the more experienced but younger girl spoke. "I enjoyed that."

"I enjoyed that too. I'm Tia."

"I'm Lucy. We should do this again!"

"Absolutely!"

The two exchanged contact information before departing. As soon as Lucy added her on their social media of choice, Tia received a message. She opened it: it was a close up picture of Lucy's pussy, slick with her sticky juices. Without knowing how to respond, Tia took a picture of her own pussy and sent it to the girl.

