Kelly's Hazing
by TheBlushingPrincess

Part 4 Strength Training

Now, look. In my own defense, I wasn’t being mean. Truly. I was just doing what Kelly’s team captain had told me to do. Just providing a thorough initiation, heavy on embarrassment, as instructed. Can I help it if I’m a guy? No, of course not. Okay, so yes. I was really attracted to Kelly. And completely turned on. But I never did anything inappropriate. Absolutely still being a gentlemen as best as I could under the circumstances. Contrast my behavior to Brent’s. He was totally out to just make her squirm. And why wouldn’t he want to. Given the opportunity to humiliate your ex-girlfriend, albeit in a friendly way? I mean, who wouldn’t take the chance? Right? Right???

So I look at the clipboard. “Alright, Kelly. Strength training.”

Did I mention how amazing she looked, all shy and bashful and naked? So incredibly adorable and hot at the same time. I really just wanted to bundle her up and kiss her all over. But again, I was a gentleman. (Am I sounding like a broken record as I try to rationalize my behavior? If so, I apologize.)

I continued, “For your first strength-training task…”

But then Chris cut me off. “Hold on, Mike. Hold on. I didn’t really get to complete my jiggling comparison. It went by so fast.”

Kelly stood there, looking at Chris, incredulously. “It went by fast? What world are you living in?”

I have to say that for being naked in front of three guys, Kelly was still pretty feisty and put together. She was doing much better than I would have been had roles been reversed… and let’s pray that never happens!

Brent beams. “I like where you’re going, Chris.”

“Exactly!” Chris took a couple of steps toward Kelly. “Now if you would be so kind as to do just five more jumping jacks.” Then he turned to me and Brent. “Now watch her breasts carefully, and I want you to assign a jiggling factor of one through ten, with one being the lowest amount of jiggle and ten being the highest.”

Kelly was beside herself. She looked pleadingly at Brent. “Can I pleeeease have a towel while you guys discuss this?”

But Chris answered instead. “Sorry, Kelly. This will just take a minute. And if you had a towel, we wouldn’t be able to complete our jiggle comparison, would we? So if you’d please, five jumping jacks. Starting now.”

Kelly complied, part rolling her eyes and part mortified. But she did it. Up went her arms. Up went her breasts. Down came her feet. Bounce and jiggle. So absolutely intoxicating. Why oh why did they not allow video???

After five jumping jacks, Chris looked at me and Brent. “I give Kelly’s breasts a jiggle factor of seven. I would have said just six, but then I noticed how her nipples even got into the action, with an extra little bounce. So seven. Absolutely. Brent? Mike?”

I looked at Brent. Wow, was he having so much fun. He too moved a little closer to Kelly. He leaned in just inches from her chest as he offered his assessment. “I concur. Seven seems accurate to me. Although, Kelly, if you could just give one more little bounce on your toes. Just so I can verify.”

Kelly couldn’t take it. “Brent!”

“You don’t want me to tell your captain you weren’t complying, now, do you?”

Kelly took a deep breath, closed her eyes, got up on her tip toes, and bounced two or three times.

Brent was all smiles. “Yes. Confirmed. Seven. Absolutely.” He took a couple of steps back. Then he looked at me. “Mike? Your thoughts?”

I didn’t dare approach Kelly. Sure, she took it from Brent. But I didn’t know how it would go over. So I offered my assessment from a safe distance of about four or five feet. “Yes, I’d say six or seven. I mean, her breasts jiggle really nicely. Excellent bounce at the end.” Then I had a bit of an evil thought. I couldn’t resist. “Of course, my assessment doesn’t take into consideration any side-to-side motion. Kelly, if you could just rapidly turn at the waist from side to side.”

She glared at me. But I didn’t let up. It was out there already. I couldn’t go back. “Please. Just a few quick turns so I can get a feel for the side-to-side jiggling.”

Brent was quite pleased with my idea. “I second the motion, Mike. Absolutely. Kelly, let’s see a few quick side-to-side turns.”

Kelly offered a sarcastic smile. And then she did it. Four or five rapid side-to-side movements from the hip. Wow. Her breasts did not disappoint.

Brent said, “Yes, I say seven all around. Just the perfect amount of jiggling. Up-down, side-to-side. It’s really excellent. Seven.”

Chris and I nodded in agreement. Then Chris announced, “Perfect. Now to compare to the ass jiggling. Kelly, please turn away from us and give us five more jumping jacks.”

Kelly seemed all too eager to turn away from us. She commenced with five more jumping jacks. Man, did that ass jiggle perfectly.

Kelly stopped, still facing away from us.

Brent said, “Perfect, Kelly. You can turn back toward us now.”

She replied, “Oh, I can? So gracious of you. Thank you.”

Seeing her front once again, Brent looked her up and down. “You’re welcome,” he said with a playful smile.

Then Chris thoughtfully said, “I don’t think there’s much of a comparison. Her ass jiggles very nicely. Quite inviting, really. One of the best examples of ass jiggling that I’ve seen. But in terms of magnitude, Kelly’s breasts offer considerably more jiggle than her ass. Would you agree.”

Brent started to walk all around her so he could get closer looks at her breasts and her ass. As he strode in circles around her, he stroked his chin in thought. “Yes, Chris. Yes. I agree with your assessment. Her breasts certainly offer a higher level of jiggling than her ass. Mike? Your thoughts?”

I was almost too hard to speak. But I squeaked out, “Sure. That works for me.” I’m sure Kelly saw right through me.

Chris seemed satisfied. His experiment was a success. “Thank you, Mike and Brent. And Kelly as well, of course. Thank you for helping me resolve the question conclusively. This was very productive and educational.”

Chris sat back down. Still, I truly couldn’t tell what his motive was. I think he was really gathering data for some sort of physics project. But whatever. I was happy to go along for the ride.

I looked at the clipboard, then at Chris. “So, Chris, if we’re ready, can we proceed to the strength training?”

Chris nodded in the affirmative, as he sat back and nonchalantly crossed his legs at the knee, ready to continue the day’s events.

“Very good,” I said, looking at the clipboard. “Strength training. Okay guys, what do we make her do?”

Brent helpfully pulled a gym mat over to the area behind Kelly. “Alright, Kelly. Pushups. Fifteen.”

Kelly figured we were almost done. Just these exercises, and it would be over. She got down on the floor, her feet toward the wall and her head toward us. She bent her elbows to go down for the first pushup. But Brent interrupted her.

“I’m sorry, Kelly. If you could please face the other direction. Away from us. You know. Head toward the wall and feet toward us. That would be great.”

At first, Kelly didn’t figure that would make much of a difference. But as soon as she assumed the position, as it were, she realized what Brent had done. We now had an unobstructed view not only of her ass but also of her privates. Just right there. Trying to do it without us noticing, she brought her legs and thighs together and went down for the first pushup. But Brent wouldn’t have it.

“Kelly, I’m concerned about your form. Your feet should really be shoulder-width apart. Otherwise, you could injure yourself.”

From the ground, she looked over her shoulder at Brent standing above and behind her feet.

“Really?” she asked.

“Really,” he smiled.

She looked at me for help. But I did nothing. I just nodded, as if to say, “Yes, Kelly. That’s how we’ll be doing it.”

Her head slumped and she inched her feet shoulder-width apart.

Brent bent down to get a better view. “That’s good, Kelly. Maybe just a few inches wider. After all, we need good form for proper strength training.”

This was really too much. She inched her feet further apart. And there it was. Just right there in front of all three of us. Wide open for our inspection. And she hadn’t even started the up-down movements yet. I couldn’t help but glance at Chris’ shorts. Amazingly, he wasn’t hard. Those Europeans and their normalization of nudity. Then I glanced at Brent. I don’t think he was hard either. Jeez. It was just me? And surely she knew it. I was feeling so embarrassed.

And then the pushups started. The three of us crouched down right behind her. You know, to help her count. She was trying to go as fast as possible so she could get it over with. But she started to fatigue around eight or nine. They were getting slower and slower. And her back had to arch more and her muscles had to flex more just to make it up on each on.

I couldn’t resist saying, “Kelly, this is really a delightful show. Your captain will be very proud of you.”

She couldn’t make it past eleven. She collapsed on the floor.

Brent said, “Okay, Kelly. A little rest. Then four more. You can do it! All for the team!”

She just laid there, ass up, privates open. So incredible.

Then Brent said, “Hey, Kelly, while we wait for you to finish, shall I tell Mike and Chris about your feet?”

That perked her up. She turned her head at Brent. She was pissed. “Don’t you dare.”

I took the bait. “What about her feet.”

Casually, Brent informed me, “Oh, it’s nothing…”

“BRENT!!!”

“It’s just that Kelly has this think about her feet.”

“BREENNTTT!!! PLLLEEEAAASSEEE!!!”

Now I was really curious. “What about her feet?”

“She’s just really self-conscious about them. I don’t know if it’s a fetish or what. But she goes nuts when people look at the soles of her feet. It’s like they’re more private than her breasts or something.”

I was intrigued. “Really?” After all, she did have awfully cute feet. I couldn’t help but go in for a closer look.

Brent said, “Absolutely. Like if we were all to get down and just stare at her feet, like this…” we all leaned in and stared, “…she would feel like her feet were on fire.”

I asked, “Why is that?”

Brent continued to offer way too much information, which I very much appreciated. “Well, I think it’s because…”

“BRENT!!!!! NO!!!!!”

“…I think it’s because she’s so incredibly ticklish and she’s afraid that someone might tickle her feet.”

Kelly exclaimed, “But you can’t. No touching. It’s against the rules! So ha!”

Brent blew lightly on her left sole. Just the air hitting against her sweat made her jump and squeal.

“Exactly,” he said, proudly. “So, Kelly, we’ll just continue to look at your feet until you finish your pushups.”

Well that got her motivated. Up she went. One, two, three, four. They were a glorious struggle, causing her body to shake through and through, but she made it. She collapsed on the floor again. Then, as if an afterthought, she brough her legs together.

We all stood up and applauded.

“Alright, Kelly,” I announced. “Great job. You can stand back up now and face us.”

She took a moment, but she did. She stood up and faced us. She soooo wanted to cover herself with her hands, but she didn’t want to face a penalty. Things were tough enough as they were.

Kelly looked at me with her amazingly shy and pleading eyes. “So now what? Is that it? It must be it. Is that it?”

I looked at my clipboard. I nodded. “Kelly, congratulations. You have passed the warmup. You have passed the cardio. You have passed Chris’ jiggle analysis. And you have passed the strength training. Check, check, check, and check. Great job. You can hit the showers!”

The look of relief on her face was larger than life.

She looked at us. She didn’t know what to say. “Thank you. I’ll go take a shower now. So long.”

But Brent stopped her. “Wait, Kelly.” Then he looked at me. “Let me see that clipboard.” I handed it to him. He read it and thought carefully.

“Well, Kelly, yes, it does say that you need to take a shower now. But nowhere does it say you are to be alone while you take your shower.”

Kelly clearly didn’t like where this was headed. (Although I very much did.)

Brent continued, “After all, you’ve just had a big workout. We need to make sure you are thoroughly clean. So we’ll be accompanying you to the shower so we can observe and inspect, ensuring you methodically wash every inch of yourself.”

I don’t know how many times so far she had called Brent an asshole, but you can add one more to the tally.

This was going to be fun. “Alright, Kelly,” I said. Lead the way. To the shower!”

Shaking her head, she started to walk to the shower, followed first by me, then Brent, then Chris. Wow. This truly was turning into a remarkable day!


Part 5 The Shower

Well, I’m going to need to take Brent out for a beer after this as the biggest “thank you” ever. Thanks to his creativity, I was about to watch Kelly, my cute (dare I say “hot”) friend take a shower right in front of me. And my job was to just watch her. To stare at her. To leer. To ogle. (Sorry to keep saying it different ways. I just couldn’t believe my good fortune!)

So yes. If there was any ambivalence at the beginning of the hazing, it had gone completely out the window. I’m totally into this now. Just watching Kelly naked… and now I get to watch her take a shower. So please don’t judge my enthusiasm. I mean, what guy doesn’t have that fantasy. To watch your hot friend take a shower right in front of you? Come on! Just incredible.

Incredible for me, that is. I don’t know if Kelly was quite so keen on the idea. But trooper that she is, she led us over to the shower and turned on the water.

It was one of those old-school showers. Just a big open space with about eight shower heads. I was totally going to make the most of it.

I looked at Brent. “Do you mind if I give Kelly her showering instructions?”

He gave me an approving nod.

Kelly looked at me. “Showering instructions? Can’t I just take a shower???”

I looked up and down her body. I just couldn’t get enough. I know I’d been staring at her naked for a while already, but my goodness. Her body seemed so perfect. So soft and creamy. Her skin so smooth. Her breasts had just the right shape and size. Her nipples so perfectly pink. I mean, really. Just incredible.

I brazenly said, “Look, Kelly. This is your initiation. Your captain told us to go heavy on the embarrassment and not to go easy on you because you’re a girl. So I’m really just doing my job.”

“Asshole,” she muttered under her breath.

“What?” I asked, smiling.

“Let’s go,” she said, clarifying. “Why? What did you think I said?” She was something else. To be standing naked in front of us and still have that sassy attitude? I was really starting to fall pretty hard.

“Alright, Kelly. Get that water on.”

She turned to start the water. She had to bend down just a little to reach the knob. Her ass pushed out just a bit. I totally wanted to squeeze it. I know, I know. No touching. Those damned rules. Oh well. Looking was just fine. It truly was. I was, once again, and for the millionth time in the past hour, hard as a rock.

With the water flowing, I told her, “Alright, Kelly. I think we ought to start with the hair. A thorough washing.”

In an effort to bring her nightmare to a close quickly, she turned to face the water and got her hair wet. She swished her hair around under the shower, this way and that, until it was fully wet. I know she wasn’t trying to look sexy, but she just couldn’t help it. The water cascading down her smooth body. Her wet hair on her shoulders. Her arms extended up so she could shampoo. Nothing was left to the imagination. Everything moved and jiggled and bounced in perfect harmony. It’s like Brent and Chris weren’t even there. I was in heaven. Just me, watching Kelly move her incredible body as she washed her hair.

I was tempted to give more instructions, but what could I possibly add. I couldn’t imagine that any additional direction could have provided a more exciting view.

Then she just about stopped my heart. Facing the shower, with her back to me, she bent at the waist. She threw her hair over her face and started to kind of stroke the shampoo out of it as she rinsed. It was a heart-stopping moment, as I watched her perfectly round ass bent over above her athletic thighs. Her privates just fully on display with water trickling down onto her inner thigh. Oh, it was becoming increasingly difficult for me to not run over and kiss her all over. But obviously, that was not an option. I would have to be content with feasting my eyes. And trust me. That was plenty.

She finished rinsing her hair and turned back to me. To us. I’m sorry. To us. Again, I totally forgot Brent and Chris were there. You could tell that she wanted nothing more than to cover her breasts, but she was disciplined. She didn’t want to risk a penalty. So she just stood there naked, dripping wet, her back to the water.

“There. I’m done,” she asserted.

I smiled. And with a ton of teasing in my voice (and a little bit of playful sadisticness), I said, “Oh, not so fast, Kelly. Sure, you washed your hair. But what about your body? You need to wash your body. No rushing things. We need to see a thorough washing. Otherwise, you’ll need to start over.”

Brent and Chris weren’t saying anything. I think Brent was enjoying watching me torment his ex. And Chris, as far as I know, was simply concerned that she was getting a good shower.

Kelly sighed. It was a bit of a defeated sigh. The kind of sigh that says, “I can’t believe I have to shower in front of my ex, my friend, and some hot guy.” You know. That kind of sigh. But she pressed on.

She reached up to the bodywash dispenser and pumped out a couple of squirts onto her had. (Yes, I know what you’re thinking. I was thinking the same thing. We’ll just leave it at that, thank you. But okay. Yes. What I wouldn’t have given to be that bodywash dispenser.)

And then it happened. The moment I’ve fantasized about since fifth grade. There was this beautiful, naked girl in front of me and I was watching her wash her body. Incredible!!!

She started by turning her back to me, giving me once again, the perfect view of the perfect ass. She took both hands and started washing her ass. Just running her hands all around, making circles on her cheeks, over to her hips. She even bent over a bit so she could wash a little deeper into that perfect and stunning crease—that indescribable nexus where her upper thighs meet her ass. Just watching her move her hands was intoxicating. The wetness. The skin. The soap bubbles. Holy crap. I was ready to explode.

But then the legs. Good heavens. The legs! She turned her profile to me and bent over to wash her legs. Bending over, her breasts dangled so effortlessly. And her back was so flawlessly graceful as she started to wash her calves with both hands. Up and down; up and down. Lathering the soap. Her hands gliding effortlessly over her skin.

Oh, can we PPLLLEEEEEAAAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEE get rid of that damned no touching rule!!!

She moved up to her thighs. No longer bending quite as much, but still a graceful movement in her arms as she lathered up her thighs. At this point, she had completely turned toward me. I had a full frontal view of everything. Her slightly bent-over upper body causing her breasts to drift forward and bounce so entirely dreamily as she lathered. Then up to her back and belly. More soap from the dispenser. Hands on her belly. Rubbing. That tight belly with that adorable little paunch. Just a touch of it. Just a touch. So hot and so adorable at the same time. All wet and lathered and smooth and pink. I think I’m going to explode again all over just describing it!

Then up to her breasts. You would think she would have turned away from me (us, I’m sorry, us) for a little privacy. But she didn’t. She didn’t!!! She was still as shy as ever, which just added to the hotness. But I think she was so focused on getting finished that she didn’t even want to take the time to hide her body anymore. The circling. The soaping of the underboob. The soaping of her breasts. Watching the way they squished and moved in response to her firm, wet touch.

And then her face. I wouldn’t have thought that would have been as hot as it was. But my word. Her arms and hands up as she washed her face. Her wet hair dripping down over her shoulders. Her pink, wet, soapy breasts just ever so slightly bouncing with every little movement of her hands.

Could I please just stop time and watch this for ever and ever? Please.

Then something happened that absolutely stopped my heart. She looked right at me. She leaned forward just a bit. She made a pouty face. And with soapy water cascading down every inch of her smooth, pink body, she shook her breasts at me. Just gently side to side. It lasted maybe two seconds. But I guarantee you, it will live forever in my memory! I’ve got to admit, I know she was the naked one, but she completely owned me in that instant.

Then the rinse. I simply watched the soapy water glide down and off of her body. All the way down to her incredibly endearing feet. Those little toes. Damn. So damned cute. She would turn and rub, and bend and glide. Until the soap was gone. Just her perfect, glistening body. She bent over and turned off the water. She turned and faced us. Hands plainly at her sides. Still dripping wet.

“Can I please have a towel?” she asked, so timidly and sweetly.

I was a lump of jelly. I couldn’t speak. So Brent jumped in.

“Sure, Kelly. In a minute. We need to inspect to make sure you’re clean. If you could please walk over here.”

“What???”

“Yes, we just need to make sure.”

Kelly shook her head. So close to being over. She could feel it. So close and yet so far. She looked so cute. I really couldn’t take it. I wanted to touch her all over. I wanted to lick every inch of her… and I mean every inch. Kiss, lick, touch, everything. Holy fuck. I don’t think I’d ever wanted a girl this bad before. And it wasn’t just because she was wet. It wasn’t just because she was naked. It was because she was so amazing. So sweet. So sassy. So shy. So adorable. Damn. Damn. Damn.

Brent started talking again, snapping me out of my trance. “Alright, Kelly. Spread your legs and hands out to your sides. We need to inspect you for cleanliness.”

Again, she glared at Brent. “Asshole.” This had to have been the millionth time she called him an asshole today.

“Ah, ah, Kelly,” he reminded her. “It’s all for the swim team. All for the swim team.”

Brent walked all around her, inspecting every inch, ordering her as he went to make sure he could look everywhere.

“Bend to the side. Very nice. Now to the other side. Good. Touch your toes. Nice. Hold it… hold it… Great. Hands over your head. Need to check those underarms. Nice. Well done.”

Then he turned to me. “Mike? Do you want to do your own inspection?”

Did I want to do my own inspection? Are you kidding?

I stood up. I didn’t have her assume any compromising poses. I just slowly walked around her, taking my time and looking… looking… looking. I stopped right in front of her. I looked into her eyes. She looked back at me. Such sweet, kind, and trusting eyes. I completely melted. I could hardly speak. I simply turned to Brent and gave him a thumbs-up.

Then Brent asked Chris if he wanted to perform his own inspection of Kelly’s body. But he declined.

“Brent, Mike, I trust your judgment completely. From what I’ve seen, Kelly has exhibited excellent showering technique. I have no need to conduct my own inspection.”

Brent, Kelly, and I just stared at Chris for a moment.

Then Brent tossed Kelly a towel. She quickly wrapped it around herself. He winked at her, as if to say, “You made it. I knew you would.”

She smiled back at him.

Then she looked at me. Her face turned a bit. “You’re paying for this, mister. Big time.”

Then she looked at all of us. “Now get the fuck out of here and give me some damn privacy!”

----------

We left the locker room. Kelly’s captain was waiting for us outside.

“Are you done?” she asked.

We confirmed that she did great.

Then the captain said, “Excellent. Just one more thing. Come on back in the locker room with me.”

We were a bit surprised. We thought Kelly was done and it was over.

The captain led us back over to where Kelly was getting dressed. By now, she was in her jeans and bra. Just about to put on her top. She saw the four of us and stopped dead.

“What? What’s going on?” she asked, scared out of her wits.

The captain told all four of us to sit down on the bench. Then she said, “Kelly, congratulations. You have passed the first part of your initiation.”

We were all in shock. I looked at Kelly. Her eyes were wide and scared. “The first part???”

The captain continued. “Yes, that’s right. It’s Friday.” She looked at her watch. “5:45 pm. You have passed the first part of your initiation and you are now in the probationary phase of your initiation .”

“What does that mean?” she asked, not sure she wanted to hear the answer.

The captain explained, “That means that for the next week, until a week from today at 5:45 pm, any time you find yourself with Brent, Mike, and/or Chris, they have the right to order you to strip naked and you have to do whatever they tell you to do.”

“WWWWHHHHAAAATTTTTTT?????????”

You could just see the crushed look of hopelessness on her face. And me? I felt like I had just won the lottery.

Then the captain looked at us. “But boys, don’t get too carried away. The same rules apply. No photos or video. No public nudity. No touching her. And no making her touch you. But that’s it. And as before, no going easy on her because she's a girl. Your job is to give her an unforgettable welcome to the swim team!”

The captain turned and started to walk out of the locker room. Then she turned to look back at the four of us. “Enjoy your week.” She smiled, turned, and walked out.

I couldn’t contain myself. I was elated (and hard as a fucking rock). I just looked at Kelly, so lovably exposed in just her jeans and bra. Naked is good, but I’ve got to say, I missed out on her amazing cleavage. And in the bra she was wearing? Holy shit.

Brent said, “Alright, Mike. Chris. Kelly’s had enough for this afternoon. Let’s give her some alone time.”

Then Kelly looked right at me. A little bit irritated and a little bit teasingly, she glanced at the bulge in my pants and said to me, “I'll bet you could use some alone time too, Mike.” I blushed a little. Chris and Brent laughed.

The three of us headed toward the door. Then I looked back at Kelly. I couldn’t help myself. I just needed one more look for the afternoon. One more fix. An image of her in her bra. Wow. Just an image to hold me over. As I looked at her, I could see the horrified look in her eyes. A week of unending anticipation. When would she be forced to get naked again? Well, if I had anything to do with it (and I did), it would be pretty damn soon. A whole week of naked Kelly. Wow. Just wow.


