Another Airport Pickup
by Antiquate

You pick me up at an airport wearing only a men's shirt.

You know how much I love it when you engage in "risky naked behavior," and, although it has taken you some years to conquer your fear of being caught while you are nude in public, you've decided to make the thirty-mile drive to the airport to pick me up wearing only one of my dress shirts and a pair of sandals, nothing else. On the scale of risky, nude-in-public behavior, this scenario is pretty low risk as it will be dark outside, and you will be at least partially covered (with one of my dress shirts), at least on the drive to the airport. We'll have to work on driving to the airport completely naked (without any "emergency clothing" in the car) for a future scenario as your confidence continues to build. We've talked about naked driving, but you have complained that your courage just hasn't reached that point yet. Nevertheless, this evening will turn out to be special and groundbreaking for both of us.

The fact that you cooked up this somewhat risky, nude-in-public adventure on your own, without any prompting from me, is a good sign that your confidence is, indeed, progressing to a new level. But this time it is different from all the previous times. Earlier, I always talked you into all of our risky adventures, such as the times you were naked under your long, red coat or wearing only a black, snap front dress and nothing else while shopping at the mall, or once in a restaurant, or numerous times at various movie theaters (the most recent time a few months ago when you removed your red coat altogether and sat completely naked in the theater for more than five minutes with people sitting only a row in front of us; this, story for a future submission). In all, you've played "risky nude" probably more than twenty times, but always at my suggestion or prompting. My dream has always been that you would initiate a scenario like this on your own without any prompting from me.

While I know that you want to please me, I suspect that part of your motivation (although I know you don't want to admit it) is the thrill you feel while naked in a public place and the "butterflies" that take over your stomach. On tonight's drive to the airport, you fantasize about our meeting that will take place in less than an hour and the hungry look in my eyes when you reveal your naked body to me in the airport parking lot.

To place yourself "in the mood," you spend the early evening at home completely naked. You shower, shave your pussy so it is completely bald, affix makeup and compliment it with bright red, sinful lipstick. You dab on Chanel Number 5, your favorite. You stop to appraise yourself in the mirror. Your breasts are magnificent, full and bouncy. Your skin is smooth and your all-over tan glows. Your bald pussy is amazingly sexy, and your inner labia just barely protrude. Not bad for a middle-aged woman.

You select one of my dress shirts to wear. You don it only just before leaving the house and getting in the car. Because the sleeves are too long, you roll them up a bit. You make sure that you leave unbuttoned the collar button as well as the next two buttons below that. This reveals a good bit of cleavage, but it will go unseen on your drive to the airport. Considering this perhaps too modest as you begin your drive, you unbutton more of the shirt's buttons and pull it apart, so your nipples are just showing. Much better. The butterflies have returned to your stomach and your pussy is tingling.

Of course, the drive is uneventful as night has firmly fallen and it is dark outside. Only the stars are providing a small glow of light on this cloudless night. You consider that your fear of being seen naked is unfounded and, the further you drive, the more comfortable you become. Still, on the thirty-mile drive to the airport your subconscious mind suggests that the occupants of every passing car can see your naked breasts. It's a thrilling feeling which is compounded when your car's air conditioner vents blow your shirt open wider, revealing all of your breasts.

Arriving at the airport, you head for short term parking and take a ticket from the machine to enter. You find a parking spot that allows you to back in, so you are facing the terminal. You park the car to the right of the parking lot's main walkway as you face the terminal. This way, you can easily direct me by text message when I head out to find you in the short-term lot. Once you are settled into what appears to be the perfect parking spot, you open the driver's side door, get out and walk around to the passenger's side door holding the sides of your mostly unbuttoned shirt together. You open the passenger side door and get in. This is where the fun begins.

As my plane makes its final approach, I text you to let you know that I am about to arrive. Immediately upon receiving my text, you look around carefully and, not seeing anybody walking nearby, you spread open the shirt all the way. You take a quick selfie focusing on your face which wears a "naughty" smile but shows just a bit of bare skin on your chest. You send the photo to me by text message, omitting any comment.

My phone vibrates and I glance down at it as my flight sails in over the end of the runway. Is that bright red lipstick you are wearing? And, what? It looks as if you are wearing a man's dress shirt. It looks a lot like a light gray, striped one of mine. And it is clearly unbuttoned part way down, at least from what I can see in the photo you sent. What a nice surprise! You can't imagine the anticipation your texted photo has stirred in me. You are such a tease! I wonder what is in store.

As I exit the terminal for the parking lot, I text you again to let you know I will be with you very shortly. You quickly text me back the approximate location of your car parked in the short-term lot. The lot is not well lit, so I wander around a bit looking for the car. Finally, I realize I must have passed it, so I turn around and approach from the back. I spot the car and can just make out your head in the front passenger seat. Without warning, I use my key fob to open the trunk remotely, and I toss in my bag. You are looking forward, scanning for me, and my arrival from the back comes as a bit of a surprise. Nevertheless, you quickly recover.

I get in the driver's seat and close the door. As I am settling into the seat, you open up your shirt wide with a broad smile to show me your magnificent breasts. They gleam in the parking lot's overhead lights. Your areolas are prominent, as are your hard nipples. And, yes, I can also see your shaven pussy. Not a word passes between us as we kiss passionately for several seconds. You leave your shirt wide open as we drive to the booth where I will pay the parking fee. Suddenly realizing that the booth is manned, you quickly pull your shirt closed, but unbuttoned. The booth attendant glances across me, focusing on you and your hands grasping the sides of the unbuttoned shirt. You give her a guilty smile. She chuckles in some sort of recognition as she hands me my change. We drive forward and, with the booth behind us, you open up your shirt again completely.

As we reach the end of the airport access road and turn onto the highway, you remove the shirt completely and throw it into the back seat. Now you are completely naked. Your body shines in the glow of streetlights that we pass under every 100 yards or so. You can see that I am frustrated because I can only glimpse your amazing naked body for about one second every 10 seconds when we pass under a streetlight. As a remedy, you reach up and turn on the overhead cabin light in the car which frames you clearly in its glow. But, you click the light off when oncoming cars approach us on this two-lane road. Spotting my frown, you switch the light back on and leave it on as you come to realize that occupants of oncoming cars are essentially blinded by our headlights for the fraction of a second it takes to pass, allowing them to see nothing in our car.

I spot a parking lot ahead on the right. I slow down, pull into the lot, and stop. You ask what I am doing.

I reply, "You'll see."

I hop out of the car, quickly open the rear door on the driver's side and retrieve my dress shirt that you tossed onto the back seat. I move around to the trunk, open it, and toss the shirt inside. I close the trunk lid with a bang and return to the driver's seat.

In disbelief you ask, "Why did you do that?"

I reply, "Now it's for keeps. No shirt for emergencies."

Rolling your eyes, you complain, "Whatever!"

Less than five minutes after our brief stop at the parking lot, it becomes more than apparent from the dreamy look on your face that you are very turned on. You seem mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming cars as you gently rub your breasts. Without comment, you release the seat belt and use the seat power switch to lean your seat back a few degrees. You pull your left foot up onto the seat and, with the fingers of your right hand, you spread your pussy lips apart. You focus your gaze up through the moon roof onto the stars gleaming above. You begin to rub your clit, slowly at first. Your pace quickens and your breathing becomes labored, your voice making raspy moans. Your hips begin to heave. You are getting close. Your body strains as you arch your back in a wild, maddening orgasm. You collapse into the seat, panting and gasping for air, drenched in sweat.

And me? I am in shocked amazement, barely able to keep the car on the road. Throughout our many years of marriage, you have never permitted me to see you masturbate. What brought this on?

Another few minutes and your breathing recovers. Your flushed skin returns to a glowing tan. You haven't looked a me at all as you have been totally absorbed in your own pleasuring and gratification. You finally glance over at me, seemingly a little embarrassed. An impish grin assaults your face as you pull yourself onto your knees on the seat, your face directed at me and your ass pointing visibly at the passenger side window. Your pussy is literally pressed against the closed window. You reach down with both hands to unzip my pants and release my painfully hard dick. My pants are wet with pre-cum and so now are your hands.

In front of our car another car slows suddenly for a red light ahead, causing me to press hard on our brakes. This throws you gently into the dashboard, but you don't let go of my dick. We have come to a halt in a brightly lit intersection with a car close in front and another coming on quickly behind. Realizing your peril as your pussy is clearly visible through the passenger side window, you release my dick and slump down as much as possible onto the floor in front of your seat. We both laugh out loud.

You exclaim, "Boy, that was close!"

You don't have any idea how close; a fender bender at this point would have definitely ruined your night as there was no way you could protect your modesty on such short notice, especially with my dress shirt locked in the trunk. I'm not sure this even registered with you. But, if it did, you didn't seem to care.

Seconds later, the traffic light flashed green, and we were on our way again. At this point, the road widens into two lanes on each side, and I slow to let the car behind pass us on the left. You pop your head up slowly and look around carefully to appraise the situation. Finding that there are no cars near us, you struggle back onto your seat, on your knees again, with your ass pointing out the passenger side window.

You moan quietly, "Shall we continue?"

Throughout all of this, my dick has been waving in the breeze, but it has remained rock hard. Not waiting for an answer to your question, you grasp my dick again with your right hand while steadying yourself with your left. You start pumping vigorously with your hand.

"How does that feel?", you sigh with a sexy voice.

I can't answer as I am doing my best just to keep the car on the road and my jaw is clenched in ecstasy. You pump harder and, without warning, take my dick into your warm, wet mouth. You suck and lick. Every few seconds, you suck harder and then expel my dick with a "pop." Returning my dick to your mouth, you bob your head up and down, faster and faster until I cannot hold it any longer. I croak out a warning that I am about to cum. Instead of releasing my dick, you suck harder and faster. Unable to hold it any longer, I spew hot cum into your mouth in a series of thrusting spasms. When I am spent, you look up at me lovingly, your lips still wrapped around my dick as some of my cum starts to trickle out the side of your mouth. You release my dick with another "pop" and make a point of showing me that you are swallowing, ending with a gulp and a wide grin. I am in heaven. Again, I am shocked. You have never before allowed me to cum in your mouth, let alone swallow my cum. This is definitely a night of firsts!

Reaching home, I pull into the garage and remotely close the garage door before I exit the car and come around to your side to open your door. What a naked vision you are! We wrap arms around each other as I help you out of the car.

As we enter the house, I exclaim, "Let's do this again sometime."

You respond, "Yes, sometime soon."
