Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 6: Locker Room's Genie Surprise
Summary: Corey's takes a virgin on one hot date while his sex slaves get two cuties ready to join the harem!
Keywords: mf ff mff D/s BDSM bondage 1st exhi voy public oral inter

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Winning A Genie Harem
Chapter Seven: Virgin Deflowered
By mypenname3000
Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters
Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good candidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE. A goth lesbian who doesn't like Corey being at her school and is trying to get him expelled.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. 
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspects she is the Jann. She is also his sex slave.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A slutty Arab girl who waited naked in Corey's locker room eager to enjoy the only boy at school. Corey suspects she is the Si'lat.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class. Challenges Corey to a hot race. When he caught her, he claimed her.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. Wants a private study session with Corey.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A submissive, Arab Christian that is eager to learn naughty things from Corey. Suspected to be the Marid.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Suspects Corey of having sex at school. Not happy about it.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. Corey suspects she's the Ifrit after she initiates a sexual relationship with him.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.



Corey Derrickson  Tuesday, September 8th

The walk to the coffee shop Jennifer wanted to take me to was short. 

The sixteen-year-old girl had rosy cheeks on our stroll, a bright blush. She smelled sweet as she clung to my arm. Her short, brown hair fell about her face. She looked cute in her school uniform. All the girls at St. Maria Theodora did in their red-and-green tartan skirts, the plaid pattern of a Catholic schoolgirl swirling about her thighs as she walked. With it, she wore her crisp, white blouse with the school's coat of arms stitched over her heart. Her bow tie's ends dangled down across to the round swell of her breasts. My tie matched hers, but I wore gray slacks for my uniform.

I hope you like this place, Jennifer said for the dozenth time. Her nervousness was cute. She so wanted me to have a good time. She wanted to please me. Make sure I had a good date with her.

After all, she was the lucky girl that offered to take me out for coffee after school before any other girl had a chance. She had a boldness that I wanted to reward. I'd met her during my first period when she had summoned me to the headmistress's office on behalf of Sister Nova Victoria. 

She'd also caught me going down on the delicious Havva while I waited to speak with the headmistress.

The Glacial Cafe sat on Meridian in the parking lot of the Walmart. Not the Walmart by the South Hill Mall, but the one out on 168th Street. It had a great view of Mount Rainier looming on the horizon, the volcano's peak clad in glaciers, the white-blue standing out against the September afternoon sky.

They have really good coffee here, added Jennifer as we headed in. The cafe set by itself on the edge of the parking lot. It had several tables outside it, wrapping around the building, including some in the back that looked screened by the shrubs planted around it, blocking the traffic streaming down busy Meridian. 

Some of those seats were love seats. Ideas percolated in my head. Bold ones. After the day I had, the pocket of my pants bulging with panties from naughty girls I'd been having fun with all day at school, I felt like I could get away with anything.

We headed inside. It was cool, the interior cozy. We got in line and soon were ordering drinks from a perky blonde in a blue polo t-shirt that hugged about her slender figure. She had a visor on her head and a big smile on her lips. Jennifer ordered a green tea latte with coconut milk while I went with a white chocolate mocha with whipped cream. We headed down to wait for the drinks.

My hand slid down her back and found her ass. I gave her a squeeze as she gasped and glanced at me. Her cheeks went scarlet, such a cute hue on her face. Her hazel eyes sparkled as she whimpered and wiggled her hips.

She liked it.

Since I was late meeting you, I said, held up by one of the four potential genies I was searching for at our school, I want to make it up to you.

Oh, it's fine, she said. I'm sure you had a good reason.

No, it's not fine, I told her. I made a promise. I just couldn't help myself. I mean, she was naked and waiting for me in the locker room.

Oh, Jennifer said. You were... with another girl...?

And? I asked her, squeezing her rump. You know I have other girls, and yet you're still here, aren't you?

She nodded. 

But I'm sorry to make you wait, so I want to make you cum.

She swallowed. Here?

Of course here, I said. I can, discreetly, finger your pussy and make you cum, or I can be bold and eat you out.

Oh, my gosh, she gasped. That would be so obvious.

And really make you cum, I told her, massaging her ass. You saw what I did to Havva.

Jennifer bit her lip. She looked around. The place wasn't that busy, but it would still be hard to hide what we were doing. It would be a race for me to get her off before we were busted. A challenge to make her explode.

Discrete one, she whispered as the perky blonde came out to the counter.

Green tea latte with coconut milk and your white chocolate mocha with whipped cream, she said, smiling at us. Have a great day.

Oh, I think Jennifer is going to, I said, giving her ass a final squeeze before I grabbed my drink.

The employee just smiled. She had no idea what I was talking about. 

Still cupping Jennifer's ass, I guided her to a side door that led out to those tables and the padded love seats. The screening bushes and he tinted windows of the building should give us some privacy here. The drive-thru only passed two sides of the building and missed this one, so didn't even have to worry about them. I led her to the table and we sat down.

I slid my hand up her thigh. She shuddered, holding her drink clutched in both hands. She whimpered as she didn't resist. Steam rose from the little slit in her drink's lid, dancing around before her scarlet face.

You're really going to... to... Here! she moaned as my hand vanished beneath her skirt.

I think a guy should keep his word, I said. And when he fails to, he has to make it up to the girl, right?

Still, she said, looking around. Then she gasped as I reached her cotton panties. I cupped her crotch, rubbing at her hot twat through her panties. I felt the soft padding of her bush. I pushed against it to slid my digit up and down her slit. Oh, Corey. Oh, my.

Mmm, someone's wet, I said, smiling at her as I worked my finger up and down the groove of her snatch. I pressed into her folds. I massaged her labia.

Well, I mean... You're just so sexy, she groaned. You have almost every girl in school talking about you.

How many of them don't like me? I asked her, loving the way her juicy heat bled through.

A few, she said. I think they might be, you know...

Carpet munchers?

She giggled and then shuddered, her thighs clamping about my hand, trapping me between them. Maybe. Or they just aren't happy to have you disrupting things. I mean, some of them used to enjoy their popularity last year, and now they have competition. And it's not like they can do their makeup better than you, or act more generous to win more friends, or anything. They can't have the cutest socks or stockings, the best pair of panties and bra to show off in the locker room or in the dorms. They can't beat you. You're a guy.

I smiled at her. Jealousy, huh.

She nodded.

Lucky you, huh? You were bold.

I guess so, she moaned. Oh, my, this is wicked. Anyone could catch us. They could find you doing this.

Doing what? I asked her, my finger sliding up her slit to her clit. I pressed against her little bud. I felt it throbbing.

You know, she whimpered, her back arching against the padding. She stared up at the awning stretching over us. 

I don't. I pushed harder on her clit. She gasped, her thighs rubbing on my hand. 

Fingering me, she whimpered.

This isn't fingering. I massaged her bud in slow circles now. Her face twisted. I haven't even slid beneath your panties yet.

Yet?

I winked at her.

Still, she groaned. She took a sip of her green tea latte then set it on the table beside mine. This is so naughty.

So you've never done anything naughty before?

Not this naughty, she gasped. I've masturbated. I've kissed a few boys. I gave one a blowjob. She blushed. He was from my church. But, you know, I've never had a boy finger me.

Rub your clit through your panties, I said. If I was fingering you, you'd be really shuddering.

Promise? she asked, breathy.

I grinned at her. She was getting into it now. Her juices bled through her panties, soaking my finger. Her eyes sparkled as she stared at me. Her hand grabbed my forearm through my shirt, gripping me tight as I massaged her bud.

So, you like going to St. Maria Theodora's? I asked her, staring into her eyes. They had such a wicked gleam in them as she shuddered.

Yeah, she groaned. It's nice. Not like public school, I guess. It's a more focused air about it. It's all girls, normally, so it's not like there are any cute guys to distract us. She bit her lip. How about you?

I'm loving it, I said, grinning at her. There are so many new girls to meet. I'm having a blast.

I saw, she moaned. You and Havva. That was... I mean... Right there in the school office.

I'm fingering you right here where anyone could catch us. I arched an eyebrow at her. I like being bold and taking risks. It's fun.

You're not fingering me yet, she moaned, shifting on the seat. Her knee brushed mine as she squirmed. Her hand on my forearm squeezed tighter. 

You're right. Let me fix that.

My fingers shifted across her cotton panties to her leg hole. I pressed through it and slid my digits beneath. I yanked the cloth to the side, my knuckles dragging through her silky bush and brushing her hot pussy directly.

She gasped and bucked just from that. I slid my thumb down her flesh, rubbing up and down her juicy pussy lips. She whimpered and gasped as I caressed her hot flesh directly. I touched her virgin pussy, her juices coating my fingers. Her tart aroma drifted up from beneath her skirt.

There you are, I told her, shifting to turn my body more towards her and stare into her hazel eyes.

They brimmed with her glossy passion.

She made naughty sounds as I worked my digits up and down her twat. I caressed her. Loved the way she shuddered. How she moaned and gasped. The sounds echoed around us. Her back arched into the love seat.

Mmm, how's that?

Good, Corey, she moaned. Oh, that's very good. I've never had someone else touch me like this.

My thumb slid up her folds to her clit. She bucked as I pressed on the bud. I smiled at her, rubbing her in slow circles. Her little bud pulsed against me. Her legs tightened and relaxed on my hand, twitching.

So, yes, I am loving St. Maria Theodora, I told her.

Huh? she groaned. Oh, right, right, you're meeting all those girls.

Cute girls. Like you. I grinned at her. You are definitely cute. No other guy has seen this face before, have they? You're orgasm face.

She shook her head and whimpered. She trembled and moaned, her juices hot on my fingers. They felt amazing. I didn't want to stop. I wanted to make her scream her head off right here. I wanted her passion echoing through the air.

It would be such a treat to hear.

So... so... You have... other girls, she moaned. She bit her lip. How many?

Well, let's see, I said. I had a lot today. Havva.

Uh-huh, she groaned. I saw.

And there's Bettie. She's naughty. Of course, Mrs. Reid jerked me off and the headmistress summoned me to her office so I could fuck her.

Oh, my god, she gasped, her body bucking. Really? While I was out in the main office, you were fucking her hard.

Yep, I said. And there was Zahia. I taught her how to suck cock. And In'am is why I was late for our date.

I've heard about her, moaned Jennifer. She's supposed to be a slut or something. She likes guys a lot.

Definitely, I said, rubbing harder on her clit. I believed In'am to be the Si'lat, a slutty type of genie. And there was also Nadia. She bet I couldn't beat her in a race during PE. I won. I fucked her hard and she was a treat. I grinned, remembering that hot time with her. And, of course, I have my two sex slaves.

The sisters, she panted. 

Yep. Then I grinned at her. Oh, and Vanessa gave me a handjob during chemistry while Sister Anna Petra gave us her safety lecture.

Oh, my god, Jennifer moaned, her clit throbbing against my thumb. She suddenly clapped her left hand over her mouth and squealed into it.

Her hot juices bathed my thumb. The tart scent of her passion filled the air. She bucked and shuddered, her thighs squeezing tight about me. Her breasts jiggled beneath her schoolgirl blouse. She muffled her orgasmic moans.

I loved it. The seat creaked as she twitched. Her thighs crushed about my hand. She held me tight as my thumb kept massaging her. It was so cute watching her climax. Her eyes squeezed shut. My dick throbbed in my jeans.

I leaned in and whispered into her ear, It turns you on that I had all this fun, huh? That I have a harem of kinky girls all wanting to do things with me. Bettie's definitely going to be a part of it. I want Havva, but Sister Nova Victoria is such a delight, and In'am was just a pleasure to enjoy. Nadia is hot. I want her. Want you, too.

She groaned and then ripped her hand from her mouth. It's arousing, Corey! she panted. Oh, my god... I've never... This is... better than... masturbation...

Good, I groaned as I kept her orgasm alive, more of her tart cream bathing my thumb, coating my digit in her slick juices. Want me to fuck you here, or take you to my home where my new sex slave is waiting to be broken in?

That! she gasped. Your home! Oh, my gosh, Corey!

I grinned in delight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

Okay, I got this, Regina said. I think.

The cute, blonde girl sat beside me at her desk in her new bedroom. She had two chairs, letting us sit side-by-side in her room. Her window faced out at Corey's bedroom. I kept glancing up and smiling as I watched my sister strip Havva naked, the pair getting naughty. 

Aleah was readying Havva for Corey while I was seducing the panties off Regina. I wanted this cute, virginal girl gasping on my Master's cock. I wanted him to take her virginity and make her one of his girls.

I wanted Regina to be one of Corey's girls, too. Just like me.

I had come over to her house so we could work on our math homework together. Though she had the cutest pair of glasses on, it didn't mean she was bright at math. She was a smart girl in other ways, graceful and cute, but numbers weren't her best subject. Or reading maps.

Then let's see what you got, I said and shifted over my spiral notebook and my work on the algebra problem.

I'm off! Regina wailed. Her face fell. I really, really thought I got it right.

Well, let's see where you made the mistake, I said and placed my hand on the girl's thigh just above her knee. She had such warm, silky flesh. She didn't mention it to me as I leaned over and studied her work. There it is. You got your order of operation wrong. You added those two numbers together before you multiplied. That's what did it.

Right, right, Regina said. It's just... Why do they have these dumb rules?

I shrugged. White old farts figured this stuff out like hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Like the Greeks or something.

That was over two thousand years ago.

History wasn't my best subject.

I slid my hand higher up her thigh and brushed the hem of her skirt. This brought her attention. She glanced down at her lap. Then her gaze darted up to me. Her blue eyes were so wide as she met mine. Tania, what are you doing?

I think we need to make a game of this, I told her. She was just so adorable. I wanted to lick her up. Just slide my tongue over every inch of her body. Just strip off the schoolgirl uniform she wore, a match to my own, and make her cum.

Patience.

What sort of game? she asked, her voice tight.

Every time you get a problem wrong, you have to lose an article of clothing. I grinned at her. That should help to motivate you. Unless you want to end up naked.

Of course not, she gasped. She stared down at the next problem. I can do this.

All right, I said, lifting my hand from her thigh and attacked the next problem. I ran through my steps, first balancing the equation and then running through the order of operations until I got my answer. I covered it with my hand as she took longer, biting her lower lip as she worked. She punched numbers in on her calculator.

Okay, N equals 93, she said.

96, I told her.

What? she gasped. Where did I mess up this time?

You balanced your equation wrong, I told her. It's okay, that's why we're studying. But...

Regina sighed and undid her bow tie. She slid the tartan cloth through her blouse's collar. She tossed it on her bed and her face set hard. Okay, I'm going to get the next one right! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aleah Buckley

Mmm, you liked that, I purred to Havva.

She nodded, her bound body spread eagle across the bed I shared with my sister and our Master. The virgin, Arab girl was my age, seventeen and gorgeous. She had such a lovely shade of dusky-brown skin, her nipples hard. Her black bush dripped with pussy cream.

Hers and mine.

It was so hot to trib with her. To get her ready for my Master. He was going to ravish her. I loved it. Even better, she might be a genie. The Jann we were looking for. The submissive and loving type of genie, as opposed to the fiery Ifrit or the intelligent Marid. Or the slutty Si'lat. I wondered who she was.

You liked tribbing with me when you were all tied up, I groaned, my pussy on fire. I glanced out the bedroom window to see my sister sitting before a desk with Regina. Tania looked up, her black hair gathered in pigtails. She flashed me a thumbs up then glanced over at the blonde's test score. The pair of girls were so cute.

The blonde sighed and started unbuttoning her blouse. Kinky. I was glad she was seducing Regina for our Master. I glanced down at Havva. I had no idea how long Corey would be on his date. I wanted to do such naughty things to this cutie until then.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

Whoops, you used cosine and not sine here, I said after flashing my naked sister a thumbs up. Aleah looked so sexy naked and flushed, her dark-red hair gathered in pigtails. I wondered what naughty thing she'd done to Havva. Got to remove something.

What's the difference between them? lamented Regina as she worked her fingers down the buttons of her blouse.

I just grinned at her, loving the sight of her revealing her ivory flesh. Her fingers worked the buttons. A white bra came into view, so virginal and adorable. It cupped her little titties. Then she thrust it open. Her little breasts rose and fell. They looked so firm and perky. Her airy perfume tickled my nose, growing stronger.

Well, I said, leaning over to tutor her, my hand casually falling on her thigh again above her skirt. I couldn't wait to get her naked. She was so hopeless at math.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

I found the front door already unlocked. Aleah was home. I stepped into the house and smiled at the moans drifting down from above. She was getting Havva ready for me just like I'd ordered. The nubile and cute Jann would be such a treat to enjoy. I had found all the genies. How to make the choice, though?

Nubile and virginal Havva, so sweet and innocent.

Fiery Sister Nova Victoria whose nun habit set my blood ablaze with lust.

Curious Zahia wanted to learn everything about sex I could teach her.

Slutty In'am, who openly confirmed she was the Si'lat, was eager to just worship my cock.

All were delicious in their own way. All made me hard. Why did Kyle say I had to choose? I wanted them all. But one would be my genie wife, the head of my harem. Perhaps I should go with Sister Nova Victoria. She was the only one with the dominating personality to be in charge of other women. Of course, In'am would fit right it and Havva... Havva would make a wonderful slave-wife. Zahia had her own submissiveness as she wanted to learn everything I could teach her. I could mold her to be a dominant.

What's that sound, Jennifer asked as I led her through my house. Is that...?

Aleah and Havva, I said. I told you she was here. Aleah's getting her ready for my domination.

Oh, my. My date pressed closer to me. She still was flushed from her orgasm. This is all so... so...

Arousing? 

She nodded. But what do your parents think?

Mom passed away and my dad's a fireman. He works long, long hours. And he doesn't care what I do most of the rest of the time. He's in the middle of a tour. He won't be back until tomorrow evening. I slid my hand down her ass. So we have all the free time we want.

The moans grew louder upstairs, building towards a climax. They echoed around us as Jennifer and I headed up the stairs. Then the passion died down. Sounded like the pair just finished cumming. I smiled at our timing. Jennifer clung to me, rubbing her breast into my arm through her blouse and bra.

I reached my bedroom door and shoved it open. Aleah lifted her head up from between Havva's thighs. My redheaded sex slave had pussy cream smeared over her lips and face. She licked them and then sat up from her sixty-nine with the bound Havva. The genie's arms and legs were bound to the bed by pink scarfs.

She's so ready for you, Master, Aleah said, her naked breasts jiggling. She had small tits, both pierced by gold rings. She grabbed them and pulled. Sooooo ready. She just ate me to an orgasm.

How delightful, I said. How did you like it, Havva?

Her pussy tasted... good, Sir, moaned Havva. Better than I imagined.

She really got into it, Aleah reported as she climbed off the girl. And you brought your date along! That's wonderful, Master. Do you need anything, Lady Jennifer?

Lady Jennifer? my date asked, clinging to me. Her cheeks were flushed.

I was surprised by how Aleah addressed Jennifer, too. I liked it. I think we're fine. I turned to Jennifer and cupped her face with my hands, breaking her hold on my arm. I stroked her cheekbones with my thumbs. Mmm, you are just delicious. I'm going to enjoy making love to you.

Here? Jennifer whimpered. With them... I mean, Havva's tied up.

So she's not going anywhere, I told my date and kissed her soft lips with hunger.

I claimed those sweet lips. I had fingered her but hadn't kissed her. I savored the sweetness of her lips. She shuddered and trembled as I thrust my tongue into her mouth, claiming her. Aleah fell to her knees beside us, wearing only her collar and her nipple piercings. I felt her waiting for commands, eager to serve me and my date.

She was such a good sex slave.

Jennifer trembled against me. Her hands pressed on my side. She gripped me as I dueled my tongue with hers. She whimpered and shuddered against me. She was such a sweet thing. Another virgin for me to enjoy. 

I broke the kiss and loved the way she shuddered. A bead of spittle connected us together for a moment. She licked her lips and then shook her head. Her eyes blinked, looking a little dazed from the kiss.

My pride swelled through me. My kiss had her trembling.

Mmm, let's get you naked, I said. I want to see how beautiful you are, Jennifer.

She bit her lower lip and nodded. I can't believe there's an audience. They're both watching and Aleah...

She's just waiting to serve, I said as I untucked Jennifer's blouse from her skirt, tugging out the tails from the waistband. There was something attractive about a schoolgirl with her blouse untucked, the tails hanging over her plaid skirt. If you want her to do anything, like suck on your nipples or licking your pussy, she'll be more than happy to do it.

So happy, Aleah moaned, her hands behind her back. You're so cute, Lady Jennifer. I'm glad you're dating my Master.

Aren't you his girlfriend, too? asked Jennifer as I began unbuttoning her blouse.

I am, she said with pride. His lover, his girlfriend, his sex slave, and I hope to be his concubine.

Concubine? gasped Jennifer. I exposed her pale stomach as she snapped her head back to me. That's...

Hot? I grinned. I can only marry one girl. The rest will have to be concubines.

It makes me so wet thinking I'll be one of his concubines, moaned Aleah. I love him so much. I want to serve him, and it makes me wetter thinking I'll be one of his many concubines. One of his many lovers and sex slaves in his harem.

Oh, my, Jennifer said. She bit her lower lip in that cute and adorable away. My fingers finished unbuttoning her blouse. Your lifestyle is... different, Corey.

My friend Kyle inspired me. He had his own harem of hotties at our old high school. I glanced at Havva. Isn't that right?

Sir? she asked in confusion. Oh, these genies were good, creating their own backstories, blending in, making me doubt, even if for a moment, if Havva was the right one.

I shoved off Jennifer's blouse from her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. She shuddered, her breasts rising and falling in a soft-green bra. The hue was a muted shade of green trimmed with soft lace. I loved the look. 

Aleah, strip her the rest of the way, I said and stepped back, loosening my tie.

Yes, Master, Aleah purred and rose to her feet with grace, her breasts jiggling. She moved behind Jennifer, the girl looking a little concerned. Just relax, Lady Jennifer. Let's get you ready for Corey to love.

As I pulled off my tie, Aleah unhooked Jennifer's bra. The straps grew loose before Aleah slipped them off Jennifer's shoulders. In moments, those round breasts were exposed. Jennifer started to cover her breasts, her hands rising to hide those beautiful tits, but then she stopped herself. She trembled, staring at me.

I grinned and worked the buttons of my own shirt. I drank in the sight of Jennifer's trembling, virginal beauty. Havva squirmed on the bed, watching with her dark eyes. Aleah's hands stroked down Jennifer's bare hips to the skirt.

My slave reached for the fastener of the skirt, but then I smiled. No, don't take off her skirt. Just reach beneath and slide off her panties. I like that on her. And keep the socks, too. They were cute ankle socks. They make her adorable.

Yes, Master, Aleah groaned. Her hands slid down Jennifer's skirt to bare thighs. The brunette shuddered as Aleah reached up and up, so eager to obey me.

I watched as I finished unbuttoning my shirt. I ripped it off, exposing my muscular physique. Jennifer shuddered. The sixteen-year-old girl flicked her eyes up and down my body. I loved the lust stirring in her eyes. As Aleah's hands worked beneath Jennifer's skirt, I unsnapped my slacks. My zipper rasped.

I shoved those down my legs as Aleah drew down Jennifer's panties. The soft-green delights appeared, bunched up, lace flashing. Aleah pushed them down the girl's thighs to her knees. Then they dropped to bunch around Jennifer's ankles. I let go of my pants and then worked them off with my feet. Jennifer did the same with hers, swallowing. Her breasts rose and fell, her nipples hard and pink.

I pulled off my socks then moved to her. I arched my eyebrow at Jennifer. She seemed to understand. She slid her hands down my body to my boxers. My cock throbbed and ached in there, trapped and ready to get out. She shoved them down. My cock sprang out. She gasped at the sight of it.

Aleah hugged Jennifer from behind and purred, I know, Lady Jennifer. He's huge. That's going to make your pussy feel incredible. You're first?

Jennifer only nodded, her eyes locked on my cock. I must be bigger than the boy she'd blown. She grabbed me and stroked me. Pleasure rippled down my shaft to my balls. I groaned at the deliciousness of her touch. Her thumb slid up to the tip. She massaged me. Teased me. The pleasure radiated down my cock.

I glanced over at Havva. The bound Genie trembled, She watched us with envy in her eyes, but she didn't beg for my attention. She seemed to understand that I would get to her when I was ready. I smiled at her.

Her patience was delicious. 

Corey, groaned Jennifer. You're... I mean... I want this. She squeezed me. I want you to claim me.

I will, I said and leaned down. I engulfed her pink nipple in my mouth. I sucked hard on her nub.

Aleah moved around and leaned down. She nuzzled in beside me and engulfed Jennifer's other nipple. My sex slave and I suckled together. We nursed on Jennifer's nipples, bringing gasps and moans from the sexy girl.

Her hazel eyes swam with passion. Her short, brown hair danced around her flushed cheeks. She shuddered, her hand gripping my cock. She stroked me. Slowly. She worked up and down my shaft, teasing me. My balls ached.

Corey, she moaned. Oh, Corey... That's... I've never done anything with a girl, and your mouth... You both feel amazing!

I popped my lips off and grinned at her. You like Aleah sucking on your nipple.

Jennifer nodded, her hair dancing around her face.

And what about her nipples. I grabbed Aleah's dark-red pigtail and yanked her lips from Jennifer's nub. The brunette's breast stretched for a moment then there was a wet plop as the suction with Aleah's mouth broke. The tit jiggled. What about her nubs? Aren't they cute?

They're pierced, Jennifer said, staring at those pink nubs threaded with gold rings. That looks painful.

Exquisite, said Aleah. I hope Havva wears a set soon. They're sooooo amazing. Worth the pain.

Jennifer squirmed then, to my delight, darted her head down and engulfed my sex slave's nipple. Aleah gasped in delight. Her body shook. Her pigtails danced around her naked shoulders. She slid her fingers through Jennifer's brown hair.

Lady Jennifer! moaned Aleah. Ooh, that's good. Mmm, bat my nipple. My sex slave squealed. Yes, yes, just like that. That's incredible. You're making me so wet. Oh, Master, she's a naughty one. I see why you took her out on a date.

Just coffee, I said. When I saw how she reacted when she caught me going down on Havva, I just knew she was a treat. Concubine material.

Jennifer whimpered as she sucked.

Smiling, I glanced at Aleah. Go sit on my desk and spread your legs wide, slave.

Yes, Master. Aleah obeyed. 

She ripped her nipple from Jennifer's mouth, leaving the brunette blinking, her lips still puckered for a moment. Aleah sat down with grace on my desk. She slid her rump across the surface before she spread her spread wide. She leaned back, her perky tits jiggling. I glanced out the window and saw Regina standing on one foot, her skirt swirling about her thighs, as she pulled off a sock. 

Tania was doing good work over there.

Mmm, Jennifer, I want to pop your cherry, I told her. You can let me decide how I do it, or you can.

You decide, she moaned, her body trembling. Her skirt swirled around her thighs. 

Then bend over my desk and flip up your skirt, I said. I want to take you hard from behind. Really get in there deep.

She glanced at the desk. But... If I do that, won't my face be in... She trailed off, blushing. I mean...

You said for me to decide, I said. If you happen to start licking Aleah, well, that's between the two of you. I won't get jealous. I just want to fuck you bent over. And that's the best spot to do it in my room. I'm going to slam into that pussy. Your cute ass is going to jiggle. Damn, it's making me so hard.

Well... Jennifer shuddered, her skirt swirling. I did let you choose. I should have known. You're a big pervert, Corey. You know that?

I winked at her.

She marched to the desk and bent over. She pressed her breasts onto the surface. She had no choice but to nuzzle her face into my sex slave's shaved cunt. It made my dick throb hard while Aleah gave me such a loving look.

Hi, I'm Jennifer, my date said. I guess we haven't really been introduced, but since I'm about to eat your pussy.

I'm Aleah, said my sex slave. I am eager to get to know you, Lady Jennifer.

I kinda am, too, Jennifer said. Then my sex slave shuddered and I was certain the naughty brunette had taken her first lick. You taste pretty good.

Yes, she does, I said. Enjoy.

As I advanced, Jennifer reached behind her and pulled up her skirt. She unveiled the perky cheeks of her ass and the brown bush struggling to hide her pussy. Her juices soaked her hairs. They looked so inviting. They made my cock throb hard.

I moved up to her, gripping my hard cock. Aleah shuddered. Her small breasts jiggled. Her pigtails danced about her shoulders. She was such a sexy thing. She whimpered. I could hear Jennifer licking and lapping at my sex slave's pussy, giving my Aleah all the bliss she deserved.

I savored the feel of Jennifer's wet bush and hot pussy lips. I rubbed up and down her flesh until I found her hymen. I glanced over at the virginal Havva quivering, the scarfs whisking against the bedposts. She watched with those dark, feverish thighs. She squirmed on the bed, clearly horny to lose her cherry.

She would.

Through my bedroom window, I spotted Regina undoing one of her tartan ribbons keeping her blonde hair tied up in pigtails. Half her hair fell loose about her face. She had this look of concentration on her expression.

Corey, Jennifer whimpered, undulating her hips and rubbing against my cock.

He can be such a tease, Lady Jennifer, moaned Aleah. It makes the sex even better. Anticipation is a delicious aphrodisiac. It heightens everything. Gets your nerves primed. Your body ready. Then you explode.

Yes, you do, I groaned and pressed my cock against Jennifer's virginity.

Her hymen stretched and stretched. She gasped and whimpered. She squirmed on the desk, moaning into Aleah's shaved twat. I savored the feel of her maidenhead against my cock. The barrier protecting her pure depths.

Sir, deflower her and make her into your woman, whimpered Havva. 

Goddamn, she was a keeper. 

I thrust hard against the hymen. The maidenhead stretched to its limits. Jennifer's cherry popped. My cock tore through her innocence and plundered into her pure pussy's depths. She moaned loudly, her butt-cheeks clenching. 

Her silky pussy gripped my cock and teased me. The pleasure was incredible. I savored the wet sheath massaging my cock as I went deeper and deeper into her cunt. The pleasure was incredible. Her hot flesh squeezed about me.

Cherry number two, groaned Aleah. Right, Master? Or have you been fucking other girls?

Two other girls, I panted. Tell you later. But neither Nadia or In'am were virgins.

And soon it will be three. My sex slave shuddered. Havva has a cherry just waiting for you to pop. Right, slut.

Yes, Aleah! Sir, sir, I have a ripe cherry for you to... to claim. In my cunt. 

Isn't she so cute when she says cunt? moaned Aleah. I had to teach that to her.

Okay, this is all great, Jennifer whimpered, her deflowered pussy clenching about my cock, but I just need you to move in me, Corey. Please, please, you have to fuck me. I have this itch in me, and your cock isn't making it better.

Ooh, Lady Jennifer, getting assertive. Aleah trembled. And getting that tongue moving through my flesh. Oh, yes, lick me right there. That's good. Oh, that's damn good.

I let my cock marinate in Jennifer's virgin pussy for a moment longer. She wiggled her hips, stirring her once-pure flesh around my shaft. I reveled in being the first dick to ever penetrate her. The first thing to ever touch this part of her cunt. 

The pleasure was incredible, but I couldn't hold back any longer. I drew back my cock. I slid through her hot folds. She moaned and gasped. She gripped me with her tight twat. The pressure on my cock felt incredible.

She whimpered into Aleah's pussy. Her juicy pussy gripped me. A pinkish froth cluing to my cock as I emerged from her twat. The ache rippled down my shaft. I loved it. I savored the feel of her twat around me. 

I thrust back into her.

Corey! she moaned, voice muffled by hot pussy.

Mmm, Jennifer, I growled, savoring her pussy. You feel incredible. I'm going to cum so much in you.

I love that, whimpered Aleah. You're going to love that, too, Havva.

I hope to, the bound Jann groaned.

Now that I had a good taste of pumping in and out of Jennifer's cunt, there was no way I could stop now. I had to fuck her. I had to drive my dick in and out of her twat until we were both gasping and moaning in orgasmic bliss.

I drew back. The pleasure coursed down my dick. Her pussy felt incredible. My balls swelled, brimming with a load of cum I would fire into her depths. I slammed back into her pussy's tight grip over and over. I drilled into her. Hammered her.

Corey! Corey! she whimpered, her head moving from side to side. She must be rubbing her face into my sex slave's cunt.

Aleah whimpered. Her small breasts quivered, gold nipple rings flashing. I stared into her green eyes. Her auburn pigtails danced around her shoulders as she shuddered and whimpered through her own pleasure.

I pounded Jennifer now. My crotch smacked into her rump. The meaty thwacks echoed through the room, adding to the moans from both women and the creak from the bed. Havva writhed as she watched me fuck Jennifer's cunt with hard strokes.

Powerful strokes.

My dick drank in the sweet friction of Jennifer's cunt. Her twat squeezed around my shaft. She held me tight. She gripped me with her amazing cunt, bringing me closer and closer to erupting into her hot, deflowered pussy. I would flood her with all my cum. Claim her.

Damn, Jennifer! I moaned. Move those hips. She did, stirring her pussy around my cock. Her skirt, flipped over her rump, rustled and fluttered. Yes, yes, just like that! Damn, you feel amazing, Jennifer!

So do you! she whimpered. Oh, my gosh, I'm going to cum on your dick! Corey! Corey!

Don't hold back! moaned Aleah, her head tossing back and forth. Just explode on him.

Yes! squealed Jennifer.

Her pussy went wild around my cock. Her cunt convulsed and writhed. I gasped as I plowed into her orgasming twat. Her once-virgin flesh rippled and writhed at me. When I drew back, she almost sucked at me. Her pussy hungered for my cum. She wanted my jizz flooding into her.

Cum in her, Master! gasped Aleah. She bucked and shuddered. Flood her with all that spunk.

Yes! I snarled and glanced at the window. Regina was taking off her panties now, her little titties quivering, her hair falling loose about her.

She sat down quickly, covering herself. Aleah said something that had Regina shuddering and shaking. I groaned, wondering if I'd get virgin number four tonight, or if Regina would wait for another day.

Shit! I groaned, glancing back at Jennifer, her head moving as she feasted on the pussy cream gushing out of my sex slave's cunt. My dick throbbed as I pumped it in and out of Jennifer's convulsing cunt. Goddamn, your pussy, Jennifer! It's amazing!

Cum in me! the girl moaned. Her twat spasmed harder. Please, please, flood me! That sounds so hot!

I buried to the hilt in her once pure depths and utterly soiled her. My cum fired into her cunt. Hot spurts of jizz burst out of my cock and splashed into her pussy. Her twat writhed around me. Massaged me. Rapture slammed into my mind.

Stars danced across my vision as I unloaded all that spunk into her. I pumped her full of my jizz. Spurt after wonderful spurt of jizz. I groaned, her cunt milking me dry. I rode that orgasm to the pinnacle of ecstasy.

Corey! whimpered Jennifer. Oh, Corey, I love this. It's so hot. You're so sexy!

So are you! I panted and fired the last of my cum into her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

That's the wrong one, I said, glancing at the window. Corey was really fucking Jennifer hard. And my sister looked like she was in heaven. She tossed her head back and forth as Jennifer devoured her. You know what you have to do.

But... but... Regina groaned. She was down to her bra and panties. Her skirt gone. Both pair of socks. Even the ties for her hair. Her blonde locks fell loose about her face. I was so certain.

You are bad at this game, I said, stroking her thigh. I was so close to those virginal panties. So, bra or panties?

Bra, she said, cheeks scarlet. 

She bit her lip then reached behind her. She unfastened her bra with a deft grace. She shrugged out of it and exposed those firm, little titties. They were small, like Aleah's, but perky. Her pink nipples thrust hard before her. They looked so cute and suckable.

Okay, let's go, I said, my pussy on fire. My cunt itched and burned with the delight. I started on the next problem. It was a tough one. I plugged in the work, hitting the tangent button on my calculator, and wrote out my work the page below.

I worked fast, getting the right answer a full minute and a half before Regina. My pussy burned. I glanced out the window again and smiled. My Master fucked Jennifer so hard. Her cute butt-cheeks jiggled as he plowed into her. Aleah had her head thrown back as she enjoyed the brunette's licking tongue.

If I was wearing panties, they'd be soaked right now. I wasn't, so my tart pussy juices filled my nose. I squeezed my thighs tight. I rubbed them together, the ache to do naughty things building and building.

I don't think I have this one, whimpered Regina. But... but... is it 9.87.

You almost had it, I said in surprise. It's 9.37. I stared at her work. She had done it right but must have mistyped her calculator on the last step. I told her that and then said, You still got it wrong.

Oh, geez, she whimpered. She stood up, her loose hair swaying like silk curtains in a light breeze. She hooked her panties. Really?

Really, I told her. She shoved her panties down. She rolled them off her cute rump and then exposed her blonde bush. I leaned close to her and breathed in, catching a similar aroma to my own twat. Tart, too. But lighter. An airy fragrance than my earthier musk.

Delicious.

She stepped out of her panties and then sat down naked. She had a flush running down her neck towards her clavicle. She glanced at me, her eyes bright. She had her arms shoved close and her legs pressed tight.

So, you know what happens when you get the next one wrong? I asked her, my hand touching her bare thigh.

She shook her head.

I leaned in and whispered, I get to lick your pussy until I make you cum.

I loved how Regina whimpered. She would make a wonderful lover for Corey to enjoy. Maybe a sex slave. Maybe she'd be his girlfriend. Then I could call her Lady Regina and be bossed around by her. However it worked out, I just wanted her in the harem. 

One of his concubines.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

Havva, are you ready to submit? I asked as I pulled out of Jennifer's deflowered pussy. My date whimpered. She lifted her head from between Aleah's thighs, her face coated in my sex slave's pussy juices.

Yes, sir, the bound Arab girl moaned. 

She shuddered on the bed, her small tits jiggling as she pulled on the restraints. She squirmed on the bed, the mattress creaking beneath her. She looked so sexy and adorable. I hoped she was the Jann. I think I wanted her over the others. I liked submissive girls, and while I would keep fucking the other genie candidates, right now, I wanted Havva.

Are you going to lick Jennifer's pussy clean of my cum?

Oh, wow, Jennifer groaned, trembling before me, her skirt fell over her rump as she stood straighter.

I will, Sir, Havva answered.

I grabbed the side of Jennifer's skirt and undid the fastener and tugged down the zipper. The skirt dropped down her sleek legs to pile at her feet. She still wore her cute, ankle socks with the lace around them.

Enjoy her, I told Jennifer. She's a little slut eager to please us both.

Sure, Jennifer said. Oh, wow, I can't believe this is how I lost my virginity.

I smacked her naked ass and sent her over to Havva. I glanced at Aleah. She had the biggest grin on her face. She looked so pleased with herself. I cupped her chin, leaned in, and kissed her on the mouth.

When I broke it, I whispered, You did good, slave. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sister Francis Jean

My phone beeped. I glanced at it while I worked on my lesson plan for tomorrow. I was in the convent that was off the chapel which lay behind the school itself and near the student's dorm. It wasn't a big room. A bed, a dresser, a desk with my computer, a small closet, and a window. 

What more did a nun need?

I tapped on the notification and gasped at the pictures appearing on the screen, downloading from the top. There was Corey Derrickson, the male experiment, having sex with a student in the school's PE uniform. It had to be from today. The girl was pressed against a fence, getting taken from behind by the delinquent.

I knew he had soiled Bettie Black and caused them both to be late to my class. Now he was spreading it to other students. Anger boiled through me. It was so blatant. There were several of the pictures showing Corey and the girl at various stages of their coitus. 

I hope you'll do something about this, Sister, the attached message, from Asra, read.

I absolutely would.

To be continued...
