1/21/10
TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  OCTOBER 2011 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Contents:(MM, MF,MDom)
WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: AN ENTRY FROM DR. WATSON'S JOURNAL - ON ONE OF HIS MANY
EXPLOITS WITH SHERLOCK HOLMES

Authors:  C.D.E. & Es2c(Semi-retired)

AUTHORS NOTE:  This is a pastiche or take off of the Sherlock
Holmes Adventures.  Its something myself and Es2c had traded
notes on a few years ago.  With me not being successful with
other plots I was toying with, I went back and looked at this and
decided to wrap it up for a humorous posting.  PLEASE NOTE, THIS
IS NOT MY NORMAL CUCKOLD TYPE TALE.  SEE CONTENTS LINE!  DO NOT
READ IF HOMOSEXUAL ACTIVITY BOTHERS YOU!


Cast(Key players):

Sherlock Holmes
Dr. Watson
Inspector Lestrade


	I did as Holmes had asked of me.  I picked the lock and went in
the rooms where our suspects were supposed to be staying, and
started the search for evidence hes asked me to do.  The tenants
werent supposed to return so soon.  They did. I was caught.  In
addition, it turned out the old tenants, that were to be the
targets of my search, had moved out and two new tenants had moved
in.

	The two new renters held me and threatened to call the Bobbies
on me.

	They were both much taller and muscular than me and could easily
manhandle me if it came to that.

	Not wanting to draw attention to the law about the assignment
Holmes had me doing for him, I asked the men if there was
something I could do to prove that I was not there to do them
harm or rob their place.

	"Tell you what mate, you got a pretty looking mouth, why don't
you suck our cocks and we'll call it even.  We ain't got no use
for the law.  Maybe we can just settle up by you swallowing our
spunk."  One of the men said as he rubbed his crotch and then
began to unzip.

	"Yeah, that's a smashing good idea."  The other replied quickly
as he also did the same.

	Out of shock of their outrageous suggestion, I momentarily
couldn't utter a word.

	"Look bloke, we both are in need of some.  I can tell by the way
you looking at my thing this probably ain't your first time
eyeing a stiff cock.  How about it?  Its our cocks or talking to
the law about breaking and entering."  The first man spoke again
as he handled and stroked his rather large clipped penis.  I have
to say it was a handsome member and maybe I did let my eyes
wander and stare at the sight of his now stiffening big boner a
bit longer than I should have.

	To make a long narrative short, I decided it was easier to suck
the two strangers' big cocks and swallow their hot spunk than try
to explain my failed assignment to the Bobbies.

	After all, I was no stranger to cocksucking.  But I was not a
wanton cocksucker, I only did so a few times to help men who were
in a dire need and who had no immediate means of access to a
woman for sex.

	While there was a bit of extortion in this current situation, as
well as helping myself out too, I felt there was enough of a
compelling reason to let my mouth act as a surrogate vagina for
the two men's very lengthy and thick swollen erections.

	True to their word, the two men let me leave their rooms and
asked me to come around from time to time as they really enjoyed
the suck jobs I gave them.  I said nothing but hurried away to
meet Holmes and Inspector Lestrade and to tell them that there
were new tenants in the  rooms I had just departed.

	I of course had no intentions in telling them about what I had
to do to effect my escape from the two new tenants.

	But as my luck would have it, both Lestrade and Holmes were
already in the house across the street from the one Id just left
when I met up with them.  They also had been watching my acts of
cocksucking on my knees, through their binoculars.  Even though
they weren't supposed to be their until much later, they arrived
early and in time to catch me kneeling and sucking both cocks as
well as swallowing the abundant contents of both mens' bloated
balls.

	Thoroughly embarrassed and with a flushed red face, I tried to
explained my rationale for my actions.

	"No need to explain good friend Watson.  You have a tendency to
be a good Samaritan when it comes to helping out with a stiff
boner.  And he's good at it too.  Take my word for it Lestrade."
Spoke Holmes as he winked at the inspector.  I was shocked at him
doing that, virtually letting Lestrade know that I had also
sucked his cock too.

	"Well Dr. Watson, I sort of prefer my wife taking care of my
needs, but who knows, I might just look you up if I need to.  And
mind you, I don't fault a fine English Gentleman such as you if
you indulge yourself by pleasing another bloke's dick and find
his spunk tasty."  He said with a dry chuckle.

	It was then that I noticed that 4 big burly constables were in
an adjacent room and who apparently heard everything.  This added
to my embarrassment.

	As we left the house and headed for the estate of Lady Goings,
they each gave me a funny look.

	The next day, each of them, at various times when the situation
allowed, would wink at me, lift or part their Bobby coats and
grab their pricks through their trousers.  Their meaning was very
clear.

	I chose to ignore their juvenile antics.  Just because an
English gentleman sucks a few cocks here and there, is no reason
to think that my mouth is a public sperm dump for every man's
erection.

	Later in the evening about an hour or so before dinner, Sherlock
had me stay at the mansion where the case had originated, while
he returned to London once more.  I was in the servant's
quarters, when one of the 4 constables sent one of the many
servant boys on the estate to have me meet him at one of the
outlying buildings about 100 yards from the main house.

	It was sort of a general storage area that the family used to
place seasonal items.  As I reached the building, I saw the
constable by the door, and he said that he had something that I
ought to see.  Knowing that it might be a clue to this baffling
case I went in the door as he held it open for me.

	After entering the doorway, he came in behind me and I thought I
heard a distinct click, as if the lock was being secured.  By
then I realized that the 3 other constables were also in the
storage shed.  It wasn't until the Sargent spoke that I came to
see that I had walked into a trap the 4 had devised.

	"This is what we all wanted you to see."  He said holding his a
considerable penis in his hand.  It was significant in girth and
length.  His organ was thick in diameter and had to be greater
than 8 inches in length.

	As I glanced around at the other 3, they also were very well
hung, as well as had loosened their trousers to reveal their very
sizable genitals.  I was struck that all had big hanging nut
sacs.

	"S-Sergeant, if this is a joke, I-I'll report it to your
s-superiors."  I said in a somewhat meek but firm tone.

	"Oh c'mon now Dr. Watson, lets not be that way.  It's not like
you aint ever done a bloke a favor before by drawing the cream
off his balls.  Have a heart, we all been away from our ladies
for a few days and we could use a little head from your sweet
lips to tide us over till we see them again."

	It was then that the 4 circled and came in very close to me. 
Before I knew all their hands were on in some way or the other. 
Two were rubbing and groping my ass cheeks and the other four
hands were holding my hands and guiding them to 2 of the now
rigid swollen cocks on either side of the front of me.  Two
larger rough hands were rubbing my nipples through my shirt.

	I knew what the 4 were up to and there was nothing I could do,
as their sensuous massaging was having the desired effect they
sought for it to have.  Their big manly hands roamed all over me.

       What they were doing to me, as well as their forcing me to
handle their smooth thick warm rigid man meat was too much for
me.  I knew what I had to do.

	"SIGH! O-OKay, I-I guess the best way t-to get you all t-to stop
bothering m-me is to do what you want."

	They had even arranged for me to kneel on a seat cushion or
something like that.  It was comfortable to my knees, as I was
guided to my knees before the 3 constables immediately in front
of me.  I guess rank always has its privilege as it became
obvious that I was to start my oral actions on the Sergeant.

	"I guess you want me to lick your balls so I might as well start
there."  I said in tone of capitulation as I lifted his very
stiff and heated dick shaft to side and began licking and
mouthing his very warm hairy big balls.  The manly smell of his
genitals invaded my nostrils.  The feeling of a hairy nut sac on
my tongue and my nose against a patch of dense pubic hairs were
no stranger to me.

	I was very comfortable with what I was doing, and I heard
comments to that effect from the other 3 horny constables as they
observed me with glee and yet with a tone of condescension and
derision.  But it was obvious each couldn't wait for my mouth to
do the same thing to their throbbing dicks I was performing on
their Sergeant.  Who by the way was really moaning with joy as my
mouth worked from his balls up his shaft and then finally I
engulfed his very bloated pinkish and handsome cock head.

	It felt very good to have it between my lips and I closed my
eyes as I enjoyed the final stage of giving this brawny muscular
man what he so desperately needed.

	As I worked at moving my mouth back and forth over his very
swollen and stiff member, my hands had been position on two other
cocks that were on either side of my face.  The feeling of all
that hard meat was very pleasing to me.  Their cocks were all so
thick in girth that I couldn't close my soft smaller hands around
them as I handled and fondled their sizable shafts and large
hairy balls.

	It took me well over an hour, but I was able to finally collect
the very copious slimy hot loads of all four men.

	To a man, they continually used words of a condescending nature
as they talked and watched as well as experienced the warmth and
wetness of my mouth on their randy cocks.  However, at the same
time they had nothing but praise, and complimented me for giving
them the best "suck job" they ever had.

	"Ain't no chickee ever gave me such a good sucking", said one.

	"My lady aint ever sucked that good either", spoke another.

	After we were all composed, we left at different intervals and
headed back to the mansion.  The four even asked about dropping
in on me when they were up London way.  The Sergeant, said it
might be worth it to come see me once a month so I could give his
crotch a check up.

	I remained quiet through most of their jibs, but when I thought
they had gone to the excess, I told them there was no call for
their sordid comments. However, I did give each of them my card
in the event they needed medical treatment.

	I returned to an area off the kitchen and asked the head cook,
who was putting the final touches on the evening meal, what all
was to be served at dinner.

	"I hope your appetizer didn't fill you up so that you won't have
room for your dinner.  We're having lamb chops."  She said as she
smiled and poured me some hot tea.

	"Appetizer, I'm sorry ma'am, I haven't had any."  I replied in
ignorance.

	"Oh that's okay if you don't want to admit your tummy is full of
thick rich man cream.  But we girls appreciate you emptying those
blokes' balls, now maybe they won't be bothering us so as they
had been."  She replied.

	I tried to mock ignorance again, but it was obvious she knew
what had taken place in the last hour.

	She sat and enjoyed tea with me, as the others were preparing
the table in the adjoining dining room.

	"I know you're a bit shy about saying anything, but I want you
to know I don't have anything against sweet boy who helps fellows
with their stiff dicks when they need it.  In fact I like sucking
cocks too."  She said in a matter -of-fact tone.

	It was amazing, but in the short time we sat there, I warmed up
to the middle aged woman, who a bit plump, but who still had
attractive features about her.  As we sat there, we ended up
talking about size of dicks sucked, how much jism, as well as the
forcefulness of the ejaculation, and attributes such as taste and
volume too.

	"And you ought to try eating cream out of a fucked cunt.  I'm
sure you'd like it too."  She said as she was getting up to
leave.  Before she did, she whispered in my ear and let me know
that if I was interested, she was going to be leaving her
sleeping husband in bed and sneak over to the bed of the
assistant butler to give him some.  And after they had
intercourse, she would swing by my room about 2 AM.

	"Just leave your door crack, and I'll come in and straddle your
face so my wet pussy can drain in your mouth.  That way, I won't
have to worry about cleaning up before I return to my husband's
bed and you'll get a chance to try a new dish - creamy hair pie."

	I have to admit, this case with my friend Sherlock Holmes was
turning into more of an erotic adventure that I ever could have
imagined.

	I have to say, I didn't eat as much dinner as I had the night
before.  The bountiful loads of cum from the four constables'
ball were substantial indeed.

	But I have to admit, I did feel very contented after walking
away from the encounter of the 4 randy officers.  I had done a
civic duty in helping them.  So despite their trickery and even
coercion, I held no grudge against them.  They were just taking
advantage of an unpretentious fellow, namely me, who they knew
was an easy target to suck their sperm out.  As I said earlier, I
don't like to be thought of as a public hole for just any man's
hard dick. But I must say, I have yet to turn away any man who
needed to have their dick sucked and their balls drained of pent
up hot jism needed to be ejaculated.

	As I thought of the encounter with the 4 constables earlier in
the evening, I smiled at the warm compliments they gave me about
me having given them such exceptional blow jobs.  And it always
pleased me to have men compliment on doing their balls too.

	Sherlock had returned by time dinner was served.  As was typical
in formal society, we men enjoyed port and cigars, and the women
retired to another room.

	As it drew late in the night, Sherlock whispered to me and told
me that I should go ahead to my room and get ready for bed. "It's
been a strenuous day, and I'm going to need more than a little
head like you gave those constables.  So you better pull out that
little gift I gave you and get ready for me.  I will definitely
have a hard problem for you to help me with later."

	He turned away without even looking back at me, as he returned
to talk to our host about progress that was being made on the
case in question.

	Again, my face was blushed and I welcomed the opportunity to
leave and prepare for bath and bed.  I should've known that
Sherlock would deduce my affair with the 4 officers, but now it
seems that the whole household knew about it.

	I mentally sighed and mounted the stairs as I went up to do as
my friend had directed me.  Sherlock knows I can't refuse him
when he needs sexual relief.  We both know I admire him in a
special way.  Over time we moved from becoming roomers to close
friends, and me as his biographer of his cases.  But I also
became his bitch and even his slut and whore.

	I still remember the time in order to bring a certain case to a
successful conclusion, he needed a diversion and he rented me out
to a gang of 14 sex starved sailors who pulled a train on me.

	I was a bit upset about it for a bit, since I had very little
forewarning.  But because it made him have a successful outcome
for his case and that my performance as a fag whore pleased him,
I held no grudge. His compliment pleased me very much.  He got me
to feeling that we were very much a team.  And that as a team
mate that was good at pleasing dicks, he didn't expect me to let
him down.

	And so, I have not tried to let him down whenever he wanted me
to help him with his "hard problems" which was 2 - 3 times a
week.  That usually included me sucking his cock twice a week and
usually letting him ram his cock up my ass on weekends for his
ultimate pleasure.

	I didn't really mind taking him that way since it really pleased
him to do that to me.  I also knew that he really didn't want to
take the time to court and get close to a woman for sex, so if I
knew he was in need, I willingly obliged him.

	He bought me a really fancy enema bag kit as a gift.

	By the time Holmes had come to my room, I was in a twilight
state.  His movement of sliding into my bed, awoken me.  As he
usually does, he slid his hand over my naked ass cheeks and
caressed me as a man would do a woman.  I kept my skin smooth and
hairless to please him.

	As I turned around to greet him, he soon placed my hand on his
jutting and very rigid erection.  He was very stiff tonight.  It
was obvious he was randy and needed relief.  As I thought about
it, it had been almost 2 weeks since he last had his almost 8
inches of thick cock in me.  When he's on a case he tends to shut
down his normal body demands.  Not only the need for food, but
also sex.

	But tonight it appears both of his needs were seeking
satisfaction, as he had a hardy meal and his stalwart member was
very much in need of extensive caress.  I was almost sure that
the amount of port he consumed made a contribution to his
randy-ness.  In the very dim light from the lone candle nearby,
his dick head seem to glisten.  It was very bloated and the skin
was so tightly stretched.  As usual, it was very pleasant to
handle his heated hard sex meat.  Both to my hands and probing
tongue.

	His very erect and palpitating sex tool meat was very warm as I
flitted my tongue in the slit of his large penis glans. Holmes
always likes to give me his first load down my throat when he's
intent on shagging me.  His second load takes longer to ejaculate
and hence give him more pleasure as he humps my bottom.

	Holmes is a great cocksman and loves to drive deep in me as he
seeks his satisfaction.  I of course move my bottom to give him
any added pleasure I can, as I submissively and willingly take
all his dick in my surrogate cunt.

	This night, his balls were quite full as his pulsating penis
discharged a very generous amount of pent up hot creamy semen
deep down my throat and straight in my gullet.  I was accustomed
to being deep throated by Holmes, and find it very enjoyable to
please him that way when he ejaculates.  I don't get to delight
in his tasty load as when I give him a regular routine blow job,
and his hot spunk floods my tongue, gums and tonsils.

	But I also love pleasing him by letting him come deep in me the
way he desired this night. As you can tell, it pleases me to
please him sexually, even though he does nothing to aid me in
getting off.

	After a relatively brief rest of less than 10 minutes, Holmes
was rigid again and ready for the main course, so to speak.  His
keeping his slightly languished penis in my mouth helped his
recovery and was very enjoyable to me - as it usually is.  I
relish milking his softened penis and the feel of it stiffening
and coming back erect between my lips is ecstasy.

	After I got him hard, he mounted me and showed my rear hole no
mercy, as he gave me a very delicious thumping that lasted a good
20 minutes before he unloaded himself deep in me.  I also
ejaculated as he unleashed his hot thick fluids in me.  That
added to my pleasure of being there for him and giving my friend
the pleasure of sexual relief.

	"Watson that was a dandy good fuck.  You really are a fine fuck
and great piece of ass."  Holmes said after pulling out of me and
settling down enjoying the afterglow of getting his last nut.

	I managed to muted a mumbled thanks for his sincere compliments,
as my mouth was full of his languished dick head, as I lovingly
and slavishly suckled and milked him once more, not only to clean
my man's cock, but as gesture of thanks for letting me be his
fuck meat. Having him caressing the back of my head as I orally
administered to him also gratified me to.

	That night I happily went to sleep with two very copious loads
of his heated sperm in me.  Sucking cock and swallowing hot cum
leaves me feeling contented, but getting fucked and having an
orgasm too - without touching myself - really leaves me mellow
and in a very pleasant state of mind.

	Holmes departed from my room and returned to his bed.

	He once told a client that he didn't need a wife as he had me. 
I dont think the client picked up on the true meaning of his
words  I hoped not anyway.

        At times I am perturbed how cavalier Holmes is about our
relationship.  He does it often to tease, and well to humiliate
me.  But like someone once said, if you really like someone,
you'll put up with awful things you hate them doing to you and
still be their companion.

	Well that's the way it is with Sherlock and I.  Yes, he's the
dominant one and I'm his sub, if the reader wants to put it in
those terms.  I find it difficult to stay angry with him, even if
what he does is use me, and sometimes in an outrageous manner -
like letting those 14 blokes rape me to their hearts content to
create a diversion. Remember me mentioning that earlier?

	But alas, even then, he got me to admit that I found pleasure in
taking all those horny sex starved dicks in my mouth and ass. 
And even to this day, the experience of having been subjected to
so many hard dicks and being the receiver of so much hot spewing
strong smelly jism, gives me an erection as I recollect how I was
used like a common gutter dockside strumpet.

	Oh well, our relationship is what it is, and I know I'll
probably be his fag bitch for as long as he desires me to.  And
even though he never helps me get off - I have to handle that
myself literally - unless his humping me happens to get me off. 
However, a time or two, or more, I have automatically come in my
shorts just from giving him juicy head.  I guess it all depends
on the mood I'm in at the moment and him calling on me to be a
woman to him in that way.

	As I finally dozed off in the afterglow of the pleasure of my
friend and, well, my man, I concluded that it had been quite a
day for me.  I did those two strangers earlier in the day and
then the 4 Bobbies in early evening, and now Sherlock had just
finished using me until he was satiated.

	I had been asleep about two hours when I awoke to someone gently
rousing me.  It was the cook from the kitchen.  And true to her
word, she now had a used sloppy leaking cunt ready for my lips to
draw out her lover's semen deposits.

	Even though a bit groggy, I accommodated her as she was anxious
to straddle my face and ride my mouth.  What could I do, after
all, I was a gentleman and it wouldn't be nice to turn down a
lady who thought enough of me to go out of way to bring me her
fucked cunt to eat out.

	She was holding her pussy lips to contain the gift shed brought
me.

	I think she and I both had a wonderful time, as she had to
stifle her moans of pleasure with a cloth in her mouth, as she
had multiple orgasms as she ground and scrubbed her slimy wet
drippy hairy muff all over my upturned face.

	After about 10 minutes or so of intense action with my tongue
and sucking lips, her messy snatch was cleaner than when she
arrived.  As she left, she gave me her heartfelt thanks and blew
me a kiss.  I guess my face was too wet and slimy for her lips.

	She then quietly slipped out and rushed back to her bed and her
bedroom, where she hoped her husband was still sleep and didn't
miss her.

	I hadnt let her know that I had sucked creamy frothy used cunts
before - the sloppier the better.  Tasting used ejaculate melded
with pussy juice is a tasty treat.  I know it's perverted, but I
can't help if Mother Nature made some of us that way.

	Well anyway, after this extra bit of sexual activity, I was able
to resume my nocturnal resting.

	The next morning, Holmes and I arose, both feeling rested and
refresh.

	And in typical Holmesian fashion was able to solve the case at
hand to an amazed client.  As always, Holmes kept me in the dark
until he was ready to reveal who the culprit was.

	Holmes was rewarded him with a nice fee by the client.

	 However, as his greatest admirer, Im always was proud of his
achievements.  And even more glad to be his Boswell and intimate
bedroom companion as well.

	Well that closes out my Journal for this adventure with my
friend Sherlock Holmes.

###END###

Cmts:  ccwriter@hotmail.com


