They did the dishes before heading upstairs because it was the responsible adult thing to do. Paula wanted to feel like her man was spending the night, not like her secret lover had come over just for some nookie. Simon stood at the sink rinsing and Paula loaded everything into the dishwasher. When the counters were wiped and the wine glasses drying on a towel, they turned to look at each other.

Paula tried to figure out what to say. Asking him if he wanted to go upstairs sounded lame, and ordering him up to her boudoir made her feel like an old madam. Knowing what was about to happen made it different. Paula worried that her legs weren't smooth enough, that her underwear was too plane, that her sheets had been slept in.

Finally, tired of the silence, Simon picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.

"Umph," Paula said, with a giggle. "What?"

"You were being awfully indecisive," Simon puffed, making his way up the leopard printed stairs.

"Put me down," she said, smacking his butt.

"Almost there," he said, turning the corner into her bedroom, careful to avoid knocking her head into anything. He dumped her unceremoniously on to the bed but she somehow managed to land looking sexy with legs akimbo and appropriately tousled hair.

"Take off your clothes," she said with more bravery than she felt. He grinned, pulling off his shirt. He loved when Paula took the reigns – the fact that naughty Paula was his favorite had never been a secret. He unbuckled his belt and pushed his jeans to the floor. He was only in blue boxers now. "All of them," she clarified. Maybe it was a power thing, not wanting to be the first on naked, but he didn't seem to mind, pushing his shorts down to reveal his springy erection.

"Satisfied?" he asked.

"Come here," she said. He climbed onto the bed and started to unbutton her blouse. She let herself relax while he pushed each button through the hole, revealing her white bra. She sat up a little so he could remove the blouse. He unbuttoned her jeans and she lifted her hips so he could slide them down, revealing her pink panties and smooth, dark legs.

"Your panties don't match!" he exclaimed. "The fantasy is ruined."

"Shut up," she said. "I didn't plan this." The panties were light pink with dark pink tubing around the waist and leg holes. On her right hip were two little pink butterflies. Somehow, the sweet innocent print turned him on more than any black lace ever could. He kissed her mouth, softly.

"We can always stop," he said, performing his duty as a gentleman.

"I know," she said. He resumed kissing her, languidly and hotly until it was Paula impatiently kicking down her underwear and arching against him so he would unclasp her bra. Finally, with nothing between them, Paula whispered into his neck. "Are you ready?"

"Seven years ready, darling," he moaned, knowing her bite would leave a mark. Somehow he didn't mind being marked by Paula. Let the world know he was a kept man.

"Nightstand," she said. He rolled over and dug around in the drawer until he found a condom. Simon was fairly good about getting check-ups and knew he was clean. He also knew the odds of impregnating Paula at 45 were slim, but with his reputation, he couldn't blame her for wanting the protection. At least his fantasy of sliding into Paula with absolutely nothing between them would remain intact. She helped him roll the latex on and then he settled between her legs. She looked a little nervous, a little shy. He rubbed the head of his penis against her, bumping into her clit several times; her breath hitched and the fear in her eyes was clouded over by lust.

"You're beautiful," he said. She didn't respond – men were always telling Paula she was beautiful, she'd built a career on her stunning looks and so him whispering it to her now meant less than he wanted it to. "Look at me," he ordered, and her eyes snapped to his. "To me, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met," he said. "And I have met a lot of women."

"Thank you," she whispered. He still wasn't sure she got it, truly got it, but she raised her hips impatiently and he felt himself slide home. They took a moment to process that he was inside her, that they were having sex and that it was good and right. "Please," she whimpered after he had stayed too long still. He withdrew and entered again and she made a sound in the back of her throat that was possibly the most attractive noise he'd ever heard. It became his mission to make her make that noise as many times as he could.

He felt her ankles lock around his back, an invitation to move faster and harder. Though Simon had been with many women, Paula was by far the smallest and it had its benefits. She was tight around him, and with each thrust he learned that his stamina would not be helping him now.

"Paula," he said, warningly. She was clenching her muscles around him and it was making his vision swim. "Babe."

"Is that good?" she asked, teasingly though she was breathless and he could feel the sweat forming between their bodies. "Do you like when I do that?"

"Too much," he said, trying to slow his pace a bit. "Too good."

"No," she said and moved her hips faster, making sure he didn't take his time. "I want you too much." Hearing her say it broke his control and he started thrusting into her wildly, knocking the headboard into the wall and making her scream what sounded like a mixture of 'yes,' God,' and 'Simon.' His balls were beginning to tighten, he couldn't hold on. He felt her teeth sink into his neck, something he would learn to be a trademark of her orgasm, and then he let go, shooting into her and collapsing on her exhausted.

"Jesus," he said, trying to roll off her so she didn't get crushed, but she held him in place. As his blood began to slow in his veins, he felt his shoulder throb where her teeth had connected. "I didn't know you were a biter."

"Yeah," she said, her eyes closed. He could see that her eyeliner had smudged into the perfect look for someone who'd just been fucked. "Now you know."

"I'll get you a chew toy," he said. She pushed him off of her and took a deep breath.

"Makes the blow job interesting," she said. He gave her a horrified look and she smiled, then laughed. "Kidding."

"Are you?" he asked, disposing of the condom in the trash by her bed. He gathered her into his arms and she snuggled in.

"I really needed that," she said, sighing contentedly. Simon waggled his eyebrows leeringly. "What?" she asked. He poked her in the chest.

"You needed to get laid," he chuckled, like she'd let him in on a dirty secret.

"No," she corrected. "I needed to get laid by you."

"Aww," he said. "Well that's different."

oooo

The day before the party, Paula called Lauren early. Simon had gone home after nearly twenty-four hours in bed and Paula knew she needed to get out of the house.

"Hello?" said Lauren, knowing perfectly well it was Paula.

"Hey," said Paula. "What are you doing today?"

"Um, shopping with Marissa," Lauren said. "For something to wear tomorrow."

"Shopping!" Paula exclaimed. "That sounds fun." The truth was, Paula was bored with Simon gone and Lauren off for so many days. But she didn't want to invite herself.

"Well, I know you probably... I mean, you... do you want to come?" Lauren asked.

"I don't want to impose," Paula said.

"You won't! I mean, Marissa is kind of... and I'm not really..."

"We need help," said Marissa, having grabbed the phone. "Please come, Miss Abdul."

"Well okay," Paula said. "But I'm not your mom. You can call me Paula."

Since Paula had basically invited herself, she agreed to drive to Lauren's apartment. She'd never been there, but it was in Hollywood and Paula really wanted to see Lauren's home. It was a studio apartment that was easy to find. Since it was the middle of the morning, the place was deserted and so Paula knocked on the door, hoping that inside was air-conditioned. Lauren opened the door and ushered her in with a nervous smile.

"Hey," she said. "It isn't much, but..."

And it really wasn't much. There was the open kitchen, a big, open space and two doors, which probably led to the bathroom and closet. It was probably 500 square feet at most, but it was clean and had big windows that let in the sun. Lauren's double bed was in a sweet, white frame and made up in lavender. She had a white and yellow striped sofa in front of her television. She, like Paula, had a large movie collection that Paula wanted to look through later. There was a blonde wood table and four chairs, a couple of plants, and that was about it.

"It's sweet," Paula said.

"It's tiny," Marissa said.

"I don't have to share," Lauren said, like it was all that mattered. "Plus I'm always with you, so who cares."

"No, I like it," Paula insisted.

"Thank you," Lauren said. "So, we were trying to decide where to go. Because, I kind of wanted a bathing suit, and maybe a dress but I just...." She shrugged helplessly.

"Baby, you leave it to me," Paula said.

oooo

They walked into the first store and Lauren visibly balked, stepping back toward the door.

"Paula, you pay me very well, but there is no way I can afford any of this," she whispered.

"You did not think I would invite myself shopping and then not buy you an outfit for the party I'm forcing you to attend, did you?" Paula said, wagging her finger.

"You don't have to," Lauren said. "I mean, you really..."

"Paula Abdul wants to buy you a dress in Beverley Hills," Marissa interrupted. "Shut your trap."

"I'm beginning to think perhaps you two should have never met," Lauren mumbled. Paula pointed to a seat and waited for a saleswoman to approach her. She didn't have to wait long.

"Miss Abdul!" said a woman who's nametag read 'Marilyn.' "How can we help you today?"

"We need a dress for Lauren," Paula said. "And just for Lauren." Marilyn's face fell only fractionally but she held her smile and nodded enthusiastically. Before too long, Lauren was handed a pile of dresses and pushed into a dressing room. She tried on one and it was a unanimous no. But the second dress didn't come out. Paula and Marissa exchanged glances, wondering what was taking so long.

"Lauren?" Marissa called. "Are you okay?"

"Um," came her muffled reply. "I don't know."

"Do you need something?" Paula called.

"Maybe?" said Lauren.

"Maybe you should go in there," Paula whispered. Marissa shook her head.

"No you," Marissa whispered back. "I don't even wear dresses."

"You're her best friend!" Paula said.

"You're a professional!" Marissa whispered back. Paula sighed and stood up.

"Honey, can I come in?" Paula said.

"I guess," Lauren said. Paula pushed the curtain aside and stepped in, making sure everything was secure behind her. Lauren was sitting in her underwear on the bench, staring at the stack of dresses. Paula was surprised to see that underneath Lauren's blue jeans and t-shirts, she had a rockin' body.

"What's wrong?" Paula asked. Lauren looked on the verge of tears.

"I'm not very good at being a girl," Lauren said. "I don't know how to do this."

"Do what?" asked Paula laughing. "You don't have to try to be a girl. You're gorgeous. You just need a little help." Paula started sifting through the dresses and found one she thought would look best. It was a short, pale green summer dress with thin straps and a v-neckline. It would look good against Lauren's fair skin and red hair. "This one."

"Yeah?" asked Lauren. She took it and slipped it on, standing in front of the mirror. "That's okay."

"Okay? It's amazing. It's the one," Paula assured her.

"Thank you," Lauren said sincerely. Lauren was so organized and put together that sometimes Paula forgot how young and green she was, how unsure of herself in so many ways. Paula was happy to help after all Lauren had done for her. Paula slipped out of the dressing room and gave Marissa a thumbs up.

With the dress paid for, they moved on.

"Bathing suit?" Marissa said.

"I don't know if I have that in me," Lauren said.

"Don't be such a baby," Paula said. "We've been to one store. For bathing suits, I say Bloomingdales."

"What?" Lauren exclaimed. "For swimwear?"

"You'll have to excuse her. Lauren's used to buying her whole wardrobe at Target," Marissa said.

"Hey, you leave Target out of this. Target did nothing to you!" Lauren said. Thankfully, Paula's phone started to ring and she answered as they headed to the car.

"Hey handsome," Paula said. Both Lauren and Marissa shut up, wanting to hear the conversation. "Shopping with Lauren and Marissa for the party tomorrow. Yes, I know. Well, baby, I told you the caterers were coming to set up today. I told you last night! Well, I'm not responsible for you not listening to me. Then go to my house and work. Simon, they have to set up the tables. We have sixty people coming over tomorrow. If you can't work, go to one of your other fourteen houses or to my house, or find a library." Paula unlocked the car and they all slipped in, the girls remaining quiet as mice.

"I do think your work is important. Simon, I beg of you. Just ignore it. They'll be gone in an hour. Do you want me to come over and deal with it? Then why are you calling me? You ass. Fine, bye." Paula hung up and suddenly realized she wasn't alone. "Um."

"Gee, who was that?" asked Lauren sarcastically.

"Simon and I are... we've been..." Paula said.

"Please don't explain," Lauren said. "We understand."

"We do?" Marissa said.

"Yeah, Lauren, can we have her sign the non-disclosure document?" Paula said, pulling into traffic.

"I'll have her sign it first thing Monday," Lauren promised.

"Sign what now?" Marissa asked.

"It just means you can't tell the press that you know Simon and Paula are sleeping together," Lauren said blandly.

"I thought everyone knew that," Marissa said. "I mean, Idol's been on the air for six years."

"We haven't been! I mean I've had boyfriends!" Paula sputtered. "Simon only broke up with Terri a few months ago!"

"Well, you were all flirty-flirty," Marissa said. "Sorry. Or, congratulations, I guess?"

"We're not dating," Paula said. "It is just sex."

"Right," said Lauren.

"Totally," Marissa agreed.

"Absolutely," said Paula.

The silence in the car was deafening.

oooo

Paula dropped off Lauren and Marissa in Hollywood and battled traffic to get to Malibu. Pulling in front of Simon's house was a relief. She could see that the catering vans were gone and when she knocked and let herself in, she saw the tables set up in side and out on the deck. She could hear Simon on the phone in the office and she went down the hall. He waved her in when he saw her and she went over and sat on his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck. He continued his conversation so she started kissing his neck and wiggling against his lap. He shot her a stern expression but she just took his earlobe into her mouth.

"You know, I have a call on the other line I need to take. We'll talk tomorrow." Simon hung up and tossed the phone aside, kissing Paula with reckless abandon. "You saucy minx," he said.

"I just wanted to apologize for earlier," she said, between kisses. "Tables look great."

"You know, we've christened your bed, but not mine," he said, moving his hands to her breasts.

"You sex maniac," she said, standing. "Let's go."

In bed that night, with Simon pressed up behind her, she was warm but not quite content.

"I'm going to ask you something that's probably going to piss you off," Paula said, rolling over.

"My favorite way to start a conversation," Simon murmured. "Go ahead."

"Are you sleeping with anyone else?" she asked. He tensed behind her and she prepared herself for the worst.

"No," he said. "Are you?"

"Nope," she said. "I was just wondering."

"Do you want exclusivity?" he asked.

"I didn't mean it that way," she promised.

"Because, while monogamy has never been my strong suit, when I'm with you, I don't want anyone else," he said. "Because you're so sexy, and funny, and beautiful." He kissed her and she kissed back. "Is that what you wanted to hear?"

"It'll do," she said.