The Tennis Captain
by jastes22

*Thanks to TheBlushingPrincess for the idea!*

Amanda is tricked by her friends into learning the hard way what it takes to be the new tennis captain.

Part 1: Trickshot - Amanda is tricked into losing a challenge with high stakes.

I smacked the tennis ball in a powerful swing. The ball spun, striking the corner of the in-bound line and bouncing away into the chain link fence that surrounded the court.

I grinned and threw my hands in the air. “Yeah!”

Bailey, beside me, grinned and we clanged our rackets together. “Nice job! That’s game!”

On the other side of the net, Harper stuck out her tongue. “You guys got lucky!”

“Oh, yeah?” Bailey said. “How about a little challenge?”

“You’re on,” Harper said. “What’s the game?

“Doubles. Me and Amanda against you and Melinda,” Bailey said. “Winners get to tie up the losers for an hour.”

I looked at her. That seemed pretty steep for a challenge, but we had it in the bag—Bailey and I were the best players. In fact, I had just become team captain, a role I was still trying to prove that I deserved.

As we started to play, something felt off. Harper and Melinda kept aiming for Bailey, who would inextricably “miss” each one. We lost quickly.

Harper grinned, jumping up and down in excitement. “Take that, losers!” She grabbed something from her bag. Zipties?

She pushed me to the chain link fence and bound my hands high above my head so my legs had to stretch. I felt part of my polo shirt ride up my stomach. Instead of tying up Bailey, though, she simply stepped aside and let Bailey take the center.

Horror washed over me as the realization of what had just happened came over me.

“You made us lose on purpose!” This had been the plan all along. Get my cocky, agree to a ridiculous challenge, then have Bailey throw it.

Bailey grinned. “Guilty. Now we have you for two hours.”

I gawked at her. “Two hours? But the deal was for one!”

“One hour for both of us. But you’re going to be the new captain,” Bailey said. “Captains are responsible for the loss of their team. So that means you do both yours and my punishment.”

“Punishment?”

“Yep,” Bailey said. “I think you told me once that you are extremely ticklish. I think some tickle torture is in order.”

My heart sank as I realized that I was tricked into my current predicament. Two hours of torture? I pulled against my bonds again, but it only rattled the fence. I started to feel my heart race. There was no way I was going to make it through this.

I swallowed. Crap.

Bailey made first contact. She ran her fingers down my sides, pressing down on my ribs. I shrieked and twisted with what little movement I had, but of course I couldn’t go anywhere.

The other two descended upon me. Harper dug in alongside Bailey, but Melinda held back, if only slightly. With six hands all across me, there was no part of me that wasn’t being attacked. I heaved, squealed, and struggled against the zip ties which dug into my wrists.

They pulled away, leaving me groaning and gasping for air. Why had they stopped?

“H-how long?” I asked, breathless.

“5 minutes,” Harper said.

“What? Five minutes? There’s no way!”

Bailey shrugged. “That’s what it is. I’m so happy we have nearly two more hours of this.”

I groaned. This was going to be impossible.

“I hear you, Amanda, I do,” Bailey said. “We’re prepared to give you an offer.”

I looked up, relief suddenly filling me. “Anything!”

Bailey grinned. “Glad to hear that. Here’s our offer. You can trade for less time…but you can only trade your clothes.”

I felt my face flush. What? My clothes? They couldn’t be serious. As soon as I thought that, I knew that wasn’t true. These girls were some of the most hard-working, talented girls I had ever worked with. They were dead serious.

“Every five minutes, you can make an offer. If we don’t like it, we’ll go for another five. Does that sound good?”

I glared at her. Did that sound good? No, it sounded awful!

“Let’s start with your shoes and socks,” Harper said.

There was a long pause. I realized that they were waiting for me to make an offer. “Oh, umm…5 minutes for each. So, 20 minutes?”

Bailey put her hand on her face, as if thinking. “Hmm…that’s a little steep. No deal. Girls?”

“Wait—”

Their hands crawled on my body, eager to resume my torment. I flailed, feeling my polo ride up my stomach. Capitalizing on it, Harper her fingers up my side. Not enough to actually ride up my shirt up any more, but enough to get a good portion of my skin

Finally, mercifully, they pulled away. They waited for me to catch my breath. “5 minutes…” I gasped. “5 minutes…”

“For all of it?”

I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.

As they started to remove my tennis shoes, I squeaked at the slightest touch. My feet were super sensitive, and even over my socks the slightest prodding made me want to screech.

Out of pure reflex, I pulled my feet back, but I had nowhere to go. Harper held my feet while Melinda grabbed the ends of my socks by the toes, giggling at my reaction. My socks slid off, and I shuddered at the sensation of my bare feet being exposed to the cool March air.

I put my feet down on the acrylic court, the cold and rubbery smoothness a strange sensation. I felt a jolt run through my legs to my crotch. Not a physical jolt, but more like a tingling sensation at the alien feeling of standing outside barefoot.

“Alright, so we’re up to 15 minutes,” Bailey said. I groaned softly. One hour had seemed like forever. Two hours was going to be an eternity.

“Let’s move on to your shirt,” Bailey said. “How much?”

My stomach still hurt from when they had just tickled me. I didn’t want to go through that again. By making me choose the amount of time that my clothes was worth, I was consenting to letting them strip me. And by tacking on a punishment if I proposed a deal that wasn’t satisfactory, I would have to arbitrarily value my clothes lower.

“Ten minutes,” I said. That felt terribly low, but I didn’t want to risk another tickling session.

Bailey nodded and grinned. She could see that she was breaking me down. “Good!” She reached forward, grabbed the hem of my dark-green polo shirt and pulled it up. I held my breath as my bare stomach came into view of the girls.

Bailey stepped closer to me as she pulled my shirt up and over my head, letting it clump above me. I squirmed as my blue sports bra came into view. This was getting very real, very fast.

“Alright, time to get serious,” Melinda said. “Time for your pretty little skirt.”

I blushed. Even though nothing really had been revealed, I could feel the situation getting away from me very quickly. “30 minutes,” I said, trying to sound resolute.

Harper scoffed. “A full quarter of your sentence just for your skirt? No way.”

“Waitwaitwait—”

They didn’t let me finish before jumping on me. I realized my mistake in letting them take my shoes so quickly. Harper went for my bare stomach and chest. I burst into tears of laughter. With my hands extended above my head, it stretched out my midriff, which made it even more sensitive. Harper even slid her fingers underneath the straps of my bra for a moment, scratching my sides, but didn’t take it off yet. Melinda hesitated. I wondered if she had been in on Harper and Bailey’s plan before this.

My attention focused on Harper, I didn’t realize that Melinda and Bailey had moved underneath them. I felt Melinda grab my shin and pull my food up and—

Holy freaking crap! I let out a blood-curdling scream as Bailey scraped her thumbnail down the sole of my foot.

5 minutes.

“Do you want to try again?” Harper asked.

I groaned.
“Don’t get mad at us,” Melinda said. “You’re the one who made the deal.”

I glared at her. My hair was a mess, and I was sweating more than I had during practice. My stomach throbbed and my heartbeat raced. “15…15 minutes.”

Somehow, it was worse that the girls didn’t just take my clothes after tickling but instead forced me to keep making awful deals until I went low enough to satisfy them. Every time I went horribly low for each piece of clothing, I felt more and more shame. I felt like I was practically begging them to take my clothes, just to get out of more unbearable tickling. I would never have thought I’d be willing to trade my last piece of outerwear for 15 minutes of not being tickled. At least, not until this moment.

They looked at each other, as if trying to decide if that was enough.

“Please…” I gasped.

“Fine,” Bailey said, as if disappointed. She grabbed the hem of my skirt with both hands and ripped it down the middle. I whimpered as she stepped back and the three of them looked at me, clad in what was barely more conservative than my underwear. Watching them look at them, I realized that they weren’t going to let me free until I had lost every shred of clothing.


Part 2: Double Fault - The girls take advantage of Amanda's weakness to force her into awful deals.

Crap. What happened when I had no clothing left to bargain and I still had time left?

That thought was followed quickly by an even worse thought. I had already resigned myself to that naked fate. My pussy was already getting so wet just thinking about it. I didn’t normally get off on stuff like this, but the fact that it was me losing her clothes and not some poor stranger brought a whole new element to it.

“How…how much time?” I asked. I couldn’t keep my thoughts straight, much less think about the time that had accumulated.

“You’ve got an hour and fifteen minutes left,” Harper said. My heart dropped. I was down to my underwear and hadn’t even gotten halfway.

I held my breath, waiting for them to ask for my next piece. No way was I going to take the initiative in letting them take my underwear.

“Let’s take her panties next,” Melinda said with an evil gleam in her eye. Whatever hesitation she had from before was gone. My attention was brought to my white, cotton Under Armor panties. They had seemed like a good choice for playing sports in the cool weather at the time, but now it felt like it didn’t give nearly enough cover.

Bailey held up her hand. “Not yet. I want to save that for last. But maybe we can make another deal…”

I groaned, knowing whatever my friend was about to suggest was not going to be good.

“You pee yourself right here, we’ll take off ten minutes,” Bailey said. “Otherwise, tickling for five.”

My eyes widened. What? I couldn’t think of anything more humiliating than literally peeing in my underwear. Well, I could, but I was trying not to think about that.

I whimpered, knowing I didn’t have a choice.

It didn’t take long. My pussy was so wet and stimulated that the urge to pee came on quickly. I winced as I felt warm liquid flow from my pussy, soaking my panties and then dripping down my legs. My eyes closed, the feeling of release a welcome sensation for just a moment. The girls watched me, looking a little surprised that I had caved so easily. I felt myself blush, a new layer of embarrassment coming over me. I had just pissed myself in front of my friends for just ten minutes.

“Okay, how much for your bra?” Melinda asked.

I bit my lip. I only had two more pieces to bargain with, and I had to make them count. Nevermind the fact that my next piece was going to reveal my privates—all I cared about was my sentence and avoiding as much tickling as possible.

“T-twenty minutes?”

“No, thanks,” Bailey said.

I moaned as they fell on me, capitalizing on the new swath of skin that was available now that I was only in my underwear. Melinda, much more involved now, twanged my bra and panties multiple times, focusing on my hips, waist, and back, while the other two focused more on my sides. By some miracle, they missed my secret ticklish spot on my inner thigh. Blessedly, they didn’t attack my feet, but they attacked my ribcage and legs with a fury that made me scream and thrash. I was laughing so hard I didn’t recognize my own voice. It was like a shrieking hyena had entered my throat.

The stretches of five minutes were getting longer and longer. I couldn’t tell if it was because I was exhausted or because I was so turned on.

Right before they finished, Melinda unclipped my bra, but didn’t take it off. I held my breath, feeling like my bra was going to fall at any moment.

“How much?” Bailey asked, a phrase I was beginning to dread.

“Five minutes,” I gasped. Anything to avoid being tickled again.

I flushed red as they ripped off my bra. Five minutes? How desperate had I become to be willing to give up such an important piece of my clothing for so little?

The three of them stepped back, admiring my swaying breasts. My nipples were already responding to the air, hardening like ice cubes.

“H-how much time left?”

Harper looked at her phone. She had a moment of surprise on her face, which was quickly followed by excitement. “55 minutes.” She hadn’t expected to get so far and still have so much time left

My heart sank. Wearing only my panties, the cloth felt odd on my skin. My shirt was still crumbled up by my head, but I could hardly remember what it felt like to wear it. I explored my body with my mind, thinking about how much skin I was showing, the way that my chest jutted out.

Bailey leaned forward, giggling as she squeezed my breast. I let out a soft moan. There was no point in trying to hide how turned on I was from this.

“How. Much?” Bailey said, dragging out the words as much as possible.

I considered trying to negotiate the rest of my time for my panties, but I knew that the girls would never go for it. “ten minutes,” I said.

As soon as I said it, I regretted it. 15 minutes. That’s all my underwear got me.

Without any fanfare, Bailey reached forward and tugged my pee-soaked panties to the ground. The heavier garment bunched up with the moisture, falling in a clump around my bare feet. I whimpered as the cool air moved across my wet skin, sending a chill through my crotch.

“35 minutes,” Harper said.

“Looks like you’re out of bargaining chips, Amanda,” Bailey said.

“Please,” I begged. “Don’t tickle me for that long.”

Bailey looked at me, considering her options. I whimpered at how exposed I was. My hands bound high above me, it stretched me out so I was fully on display. Absolutely nothing to protect me. I tried to keep my legs close together, but the pressure in my pussy was almost too much.

“How about this? For 15 minutes—that’s not negotiable—we invite some boys over.”

I groaned. She knew that I would never decline the deal, but the thought of inviting boys to look at me was so humiliating. “F-fine,” I said. “But they don’t get to tickle me!”

“Great. I’ve got just the boys,” she said. She pulled out her phone and dialed a number. “Hey, there! Grab the team and get over here.”

“What? What team?” I asked. Had she invited a whole group of boys? I thought she meant one or two!

“Well, if you’re going to be the captain of the girls’ team, you should learn to be an example to the boys, too.”

“What? No!” Oh, freaking crap! Jackson was the other captain, and I had a huge crush on him! He was part of the reason I went for captain, just so I’d have an excuse to hang out with him. If he saw me like this…I couldn’t bear the thought.

I realized that it would take a while for whoever Bailey invited to get to the courts, and I didn’t want the girls to get any ideas. “Please hurry,” I whispered.

Bailey looked at me, still on the phone, and grinned. “Amanda really wants you to hurry. She can’t wait for you to see her surprise.” She hung up.

She pocketed her phone, looking at me again. “Let’s see…what should we do until they get here?” Instead of answering her question, she reached forward and squeezed a breast. The other two joined in, Harper on my other tit, and Melinda on my pussy, digging her fingers in. I groaned and moaned, feeling like I was going to explode, but somehow I held. I had already peed myself. No way was I going to cum. That was the only thing I had left.

“Hey, girls!”

I squeaked as the boys filed through, each taking their time to run their eyes up and down my displayed body. I squirmed as much as I could. Then my eyes fell on Jackson, and I felt my whole body flush with embarrassment.

“How’d you get her like that?” Jackson asked.

Bailey giggled. “She was practically begging us to get her clothes off of her.” I realized with shame that she was mostly right. She turned to the boys. “We have thirty minutes left with her like this.”

I groaned. The thought of the girls tickling me, naked, all in front of the entire tennis team was humiliating.

“Tell you what, Amanda,” Bailey said. “You have an orgasm right here, and we’ll cut it down to twenty minutes.”

She didn’t wait for me to accept it. I realized with shame that I would have done it for less. Regardless of who was watching, the pressure in my crotch was unbearable. All thoughts about cumming in front of others being my last bit of control were abandoned.

Bailey undid my right hand—my non-dominant hand—and my fingers flew to my crotch. Using my non-dominant hand was more awkward, which meant standing there for longer with my fingers inside me. My pussy gave no resistance as my fingers slid inside. Unlike Melinda, who had been more blunt in my treatment, I knew how to turn myself on. In a matter of seconds, I was moaning loudly as hot, thick cum squirted over the court as I had the most intense orgasm I had ever had in my life.

It took me a moment to come back to my senses, breathing hard. The boys notably had their eyes fixated on my pussy.

“Twenty minutes,” Bailey said.

I groaned. That was still way too much time.

“One last deal,” Bailey said. “If you get rid of your restriction of the boys not tickling you, we’ll bring it down to only ten minutes.”

Only ten minutes? It might as well have been an eternity. And the thought of the boys’ fingers all over my very-naked body was horrifying. But…I didn’t see any better options. “O-okay.”

“Great,” Bailey said. She turned to the others. “Well, let’s get started.”

They descended upon me to start the worst, best, horrifying, awful, and amazing ten minutes of my life.

Those ten minutes stretched into a lifetime. Somehow my other hand came free and I was on the ground. The barrage of fingers was constant and unrelenting, like the crashing of ocean waves. I squealed and thrashed at every touch. Every time I tried to bunch up into a ball to protect myself, arms would simply grab my arms and pull me apart. No breaks, no bargaining. Just straight up tickling by at least twenty people. I tried to figure out where Jackson was in all of this, if he was touching me or not, but I could hardly focus enough to think about my own name—Amanda?—much less where someone was.

“Okay, that’s ten!” Bailey said.

My tormentors disbursed.

I groaned, still on the floor, face-up, my legs spread for balance, even lying down. A broken zip tie was still wrapped around my right arm, and my soaked panties were bunched up by my shin, barely hanging on.

Every inch of my body was tingling. I felt like I had been turned inside-out, crumpled into a ball, and then smoothed out.

It took me a minute to regain the strength to stand. I knew the longer I took, the more boys were going to get a good look between my legs. I turned to where my clothes had been deposited.

Gone.

I turned to Bailey, not particularly surprised to see her holding a discarded set of clothes. Distantly, I remembered that my skirt was ruined, but I could hardly care. “Give…give those back.”

Bailey made a face of mock confusion. “What? These? These are mine,” she said.

I looked at her with real confusion. “But—”

“You traded for them, remember? I believe these belong to us. You can’t have them.”

I blushed, her words finally starting to register. She wanted me trapped and naked.

My hands wrapped around me, what little good that did. I didn’t even try to cover my privates. Instead I was just focused on covering as much of my skin as possible.

“But I’ll tell you what,” Bailey said. “Your loss led you to this, so it’s only fair that the way you get out is by winning a game.”

She turned to Jackson. “You play Jackson. One game, one set. You win, you get your clothes back. You lose, then Jackson gets to tie you up for an hour.”

