Natalie - shamed in Turkey
by not a politician

As the esteemed readers will know, when Holly first began to feel unwell, Natalie moved in with her to help. But being Nat, she couldn't help but also ensure that Holy received a healthy (pardon the pun) dose of humiliation a the hospital.

This also is the reason, to answer a question that has been asked here, why Holly does *not* still have her backless gown.

Even before Holly was found unconscious in her bedroom, she and her favourite co-conspirator NAP had begun planning revenge. Now that Holly had recovered enough to again be mischievous, she and NAP had invited themselves along on Nat's trip to Turkey with her boyfriend.

As they boarded the plane, Holly and NAP convinced everyone that the girls and boys should take one pair of seats each, instead of the couples sitting together. Since Nat's boyfriend was much too conservative to plan any action en route, he readily agreed, thinking that several hours of boredom might be bad for their relationship.

Some time into the flight, Holly began to tell Nat that her bf had hinted to NAP a desire to join the "mile high club" with Nat.

Holly convinced Nat to go ahead into the plane's toilet, they would soon send her bf after her.

when Nat had been in the small cubicle for a few minutes, she heard a knock on the door. She opened the door expecting her bf, but it was Holly instead.

Holly had come there to tell Nat to strip and await her bf naked, it would avoid some clumsiness in the small cubicle, and be a pleasant surprise for her lover when he entered.

Natalie, convinced of the prudence of this, closed the lid of the small toilet seat and, undressing methodically, neatly folded her clothes on top of it.

In no time at all, the cubicle contained only a very neat pile of clothes, and a completely naked Natalie, who was already getting excited about what she thought was to come.

When the the eagerly awaited knock on the door finally came, Nat lost no time in opening it. But instead of her bf, it were Holly and NAP.

Holly immobilized Nat's naked body by pressing her against the wall, while NAP gathered up Nat's clothes. The distribution of strength and size would have called for these roles to be switched, but of course, they couldn't have NAP physically attacking a naked woman.

NAP disappeared with Nat's former clothes, while Holly informed her of the rules:

"You will have to come out of that cubicle, cousin dear. If you're still in there when we land, we will leave with your clothes and luggage, stranding you naked in Turkey. I suggest you leave before there's a queue at the door."

It was a long flight, so people were absorbed with books, mp3 players or whatever other pastime they brought on board. Others were sleeping, knowing this would be the best preparation against jetlag on a plane arriving at 9am local time. This meant the greatest danger of discovery for Nat indeed came from people waiting outside the door, and that risk increased every second she waited.

On the other hand, if she made a dash, she'd have to rely on Holly or NAP to give her some clothes, since her sitting naked in her seat surely would not go unnoticed for long.

But it was no use worrying about that, Nat told herself. Instead, she tried to imagine the best way to get from the toilet back to her seat.

As she did this, a somewhat unwanted, but not entirely unwelcome, side effect presented itself: The images of herself running, or in other scenarios calmly walking, around naked in the plane started to get her quite wet.

Nat decided to build on that in order to get some artificial courage, abd took a few seconds to rub her nipples into hardness.

She then opened the door and, as carefully as possible, peeked out.

She would be walking forward, so only the people she already had passed. Most were sleeping or at least dozing, staring out the window, or absorbed in various forms of entertainment stored in mp3 players and laptops.

Nat didn't have to wait very long for a moment where it just might be possible that nobody would see her walking down the aisle.

Trying to move calmly so as not to attract attention, Nat egan moving to her seat. And it seemed to be working, nobody called out or anything. It was probably a good thing Nat couldn't see the huge smile of an old man staring after her.

Without further incident, Nat reached her seat row, and squeezed her naked body past Holly to take her seat at the window. She was quite excited by the stunt she just pulled off, but also very worried bout her continuing unclothed state.

"Please H, gimme something to wear."

Holly looked her over thoroughly. Nat looked quite flustered.

"I don't think I will do that just yet."

"Please H, a stewardess is coming"

Indeed one of the female flight security attendants was approaching from the bow.

"Don't worry, she can't see anything until she is right beside us."

Further whispered pleas were ignored, and only at the very last second did Holly give her exposed cousin a blanket from under her seat.

Natalie pulled the blanket over her otherwise nude body just in time to avoid detection by the flight attendant, when she heard Holy whisper into her ear:

"Play with yourself!"

"No f..ing way!", Natalie replied in what was a scream except for the volume, vehemently shaking her head.

"Do it, you won't get clothes if you don't come by the time we land"

Resigning to her fate, Natalie began to touch her nipples and pussy under the blanket, surprised and ashamed about the wetness her hand encountered at the latter.

This of course fuelled her arousal somewhat more, and soon she was pleasuring herself with abandon, retaining barely enough focus on reality to keep from moaning too loud.

Several minutes after a very nice but exhausting orgasm, Natalie came too and realized what she had just done.

Under different circumstances, the mere thought would probably have been enough to get her excited again. As it was, she only felt humiliated and ashamed. And naked, under a blanket that had become partly sticky.

Still, there was a lot of flight time left. Several request for her clothes had been denied by Holly, and Nat had resigned to the fact she'd probably not get then until immediately before the landing.

Natalie, Holly and almost everyone else was dozing or sleeping, and with the memory of her recent streak and orgasm still fresh on her mind, Nat began to feel naughty again. What if she could sneak in another orgasm, with no-one, not even Holly, realizing?

Stealthily, she began moving her fingers over and within her pussy, trying to give as little outward sign as possible.

Soon, she achieved blissful release for the second time on that flight, only this time, without the embarrassment of being witnessed...

"Was it a nice one?", Holly asked without opening her eyes, but without the slurring typical for those who have just awoken, making it clear she had been watching Nat right from the start.

Instantly, a hot wave of shame was visible on Nat's face, and presumably extended over the rest of her naked skin.

Natalie was sitting on needles and pins, cowering naked under her blanket. Even when the plane started to descend for the landing, Holly made no effort to clothe the naked and increasingly panicky Natalie. Visions of an arrest for indecent exposure and *really* unpleasant stay in a turkish prison began to flash past her inner eye.

Literally in the last minute, giving Nat no time to wonder or complain, a piece of fabric was shoved over to her by an evilly grinning Holly.

"Step into it and tie it behind your neck"

Hurriedly, Natalie did as she was told, finishing her dressing-under-the-blanket just as she "fasten seatbelt" - signs went off and passengers, forever ignoring this safety feature, where already streaming to the exit past their row.

"No shoes?"

"Don't need them to avoid arrest," Holly replied, but after a moment, she added: "You can have these, but you don't *have* to wear them"

The shoes, if you could call them that, looked like some kind of high-heeled thongs (flip-flops for US readers). Only the big toe could be slipped into it at the front part.

The "dress", which Natalie could now see for the first time, consisted of a skirt part barely covering her pussy and ass, and two panels of fabric extended upward to the neck, where they were tied together. They left her back completely uncovered, the navel was visible as well. The panels were narrow enough to leave the sides of Natalie's breasts on show. The fabric itself was a humiliation to the wearer in it's own right, being covered in a hawaiian style flower print.

When Natalie tried to walk in the footwear given to her, she found out she couldn't. The foot simply couldn't get hold inside them, which was caused by their strange design as well as the fact the sole was not even, but sloped outward in a way not easily visible. NAP must have them specially made somewhere. Nat ended up carrying them in her hand.

The airport was in a non-touristical area of Turkey, so Nat got a lot of strange looks in her outfit. the customs official made no secret out of his contempt, either.

The walk through the airport to the taxi stand felt like an endless humiliation parade to Natalie. It was a great relief for her when she was able to enter the taxi.

Since Nat's boyfriend was with them, there was no way to get changed before they arrived at his parent's house. He had already voiced displeasure with her change of outfit in the plane, not to mention the outfit itself. There just was no excuse to slip in another change of clothes.

When they arrived, they found to Nat's surprise and horror that a lot of relatives living nearby had gathered to welcome her boyfriend home. The women among them greeted Nat with venom in their eyes, no doubt caused by her style of dress.

As it often happens at such family gatherings, those present soon split up into male and female.

Nat found herself in a room with a lot of turkish women, which now turned on her. One started to speak: "We don't like how you dress like a slut. We'll teach you to like being covered."

With that, the women grabbed Nat and tore the dress off her, their anger further fuelled when they noticed Nat's lack of underwear.

"We will now lead you around outside and show your slut's body to everyone. Let's see how you like that"

"Why not simply drop her off somewhere, then she can see how she gets back"

Everybody immediately agreed, except Nat of course, whose vote didn't count. She was womanhandled into a car and dropped of at some place at the edge of the settlement. She didn't even really know the way back.

She spent the first ten minutes thinking about her situation, with increasing despair. Suddenly, she heard a car coming closer. She hid behind some bushes and watched as the car approached. Finally it stopped, a person climbing out. It was Holly, waving a pair of clothes.

Relieved, Natalie came out of hiding. Before she could ask for the clothes, Holly told her to get in. Nat complied, on the basis that being naked inside the car was better than being naked outside of it.

Holly started to drive back to the house, explaining to Holly that she and NAP had cooked up some story that Nat's outfit was a result of an accident with the food combining with the fact all of Nat's clothes were of course in the hold. To this they added the fact that she hadn't changed since then to not further anger her boyfriend with even more clothing antics.

"As we are driving here, NAP is convincing the women back at his place of this bullshit, so your stay here will not be a *complete* hell," Holly informed her with a wink Nat found totally inappropriate. "However, since you are already naked, how about a dare?" 