Alec -- Alec!" James vaulted the overturned gurney, and knelt at Alec's side. Alec was moaning, pushing ineffectively at the floor in a kind of one-armed push-up. James rolled him onto his back, and the moans faded to quiet whimpers.

"Alec, oh God, I'm sorry." He reached out to cup Alec's cheek -- but Alec winced, and squeezed his eyes shut.

"Please don't hurt me! I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" He curled his good arm up to protect himself. "Please don't hurt me!" Or maybe it was Please don't hate me.

"I won't hurt you, Alec." But Alec still whimpered, still huddled as much as he could. James stroked his hair. "I'm the one who's sorry."

"Please -- "

"Shh, Alec. Shh. Shh." He began to run his hands over Alec's body, looking for injuries. "Alec, I need you to calm down. All right?"

"Yes." His voice was still too high, and frightened. But at least he'd stopped that incessant whimpering.

"I need you to tell me where it hurts."

"Wrist. Shoulder. And -- here." He moved his hand to cup his collarbone.

"All right. Are you feeling dizzy?"

"No."

Though, James knew, he might not, since he was lying on his back.

James picked up a penlight, and looked into Alec's eyes. His pupils contracted evenly. "Follow the light with your eyes."

Alec obeyed. Maybe he wasn't injured too badly. "I need to see your collarbone," he said.

"Please. No. It hurts."

"I'm only going to look. I need to see if -- if I've hurt you, Alec." He wrapped his hand around Alec's forearm -- carefully avoiding his wrist. If he was injured -- "That's it, Alec."

He looked at the collarbone. There was a distinctive lump. He ran his thumb across it, and Alec let out a scream.

"Alec -- I'm sorry. I had to see -- "

"Don't hurt me. Don't hurt me!"

"I'm not going to hurt you, Alec. I love you."

Alec twisted his head against the collar, trying to escape. Tears spilled from his eyes. "Hurts. James … "

"I'm sorry, Alec. I'm so sorry. For everything." He clenched his hand into a fist. "Why did you -- why did you have to -- "

"I'm sorry, James, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean any of it."

"I'm the one who's sorry, Alec." He slid his fingers down Alec's cheek, tracing the course of his tears. "For everything."

Alec bit his lip, but said nothing. James decided not to press him. Instead, he needed to concentrate on the practicalities; dealing with Alec's injuries, and getting him back onto the gurney. Getting into contact with the doctor. Later, when Alec had calmed down, they would talk. Alec would understand that he hadn't meant to hurt him.

When he was in pain, though, wouldn't be the best time to try. He went to the medicine cabinet and took out the morphine. Filled a syringe, and brought it back.

"Alec -- listen to me. I'm going to have to do things. Things that will probably hurt."

"Please -- no."

"Shh." He stroked Alec's hair. "I have the morphine here, if you want it. Do you want it?"

"Yes. Please." He held out his arm for the shot. James gave him the injection, and sat beside him, stroking his hair until he started to relax. His eyes were still wide open, though; there was fear there.

"Alec," James whispered. "It's all right. I'm not going to hurt you." He stroked his hair. "If I'd done it on purpose, believe me, I'd have made you hurt a lot worse."

Alec closed his eyes, and whispered "I know."