Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Four: The Slut Wife and the Naughty Twin, Part Two
Summary: Susannah discovers that her mother is the false wife.
Keywords: mF Ff mFf inc mc oral creampie facial anal rim A2M exhib voy wife cuck

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Three

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I pulled out of Mrs. Augustine's cunt, her pussy dripping with cum. She smiled at me, this hunger in her eyes. I could tell that she wanted more. Her gaze flicked down to my still-hard dick. A shiver ran through her, those big boobs of hers jiggling.

She pounced. She grabbed my shoulders, turned me, and slammed me down on my back on the mattress. She straddled me, her shaved pussy grinding on my cock. My cum poured out, coating my shaft in my own seed as she slid up me.

You're such a stud, Zach, she moaned, her eyes burning with lust. Mmm, I'm going to enjoy riding you.

I grinned at her. She was utterly mine now. I had claimed my third woman, the cuckolding wife. Mr. Augustine watched on, my spiritual leader utterly enthralled by watching me take his woman from him. She would never touch him again.

And I bet that made him hot.

She grabbed my cock and lifted my dick as she rose from me. Her boobs swayed as she held me upright. She pressed my cock to her sloppy cuntlips. Mmm, I bet you want me to work my pussy up and down your cock.

Yes, I do, I said. I want to watch those big tits of yours bounce and heave.

Ooh, naughty, naughty boy, she cooed as she pushed my cock back through her taint to her asshole. But I think this hole needs to be stretched out. It's been so long since I had a dick this magnificent back here.

None of the men who fucked you at that party Thursday night compared? 

She shook her head. None. Mmm, you're the first dick in seventeen years.

She pressed her asshole against the crown of my dick. I groaned as she did that. It felt incredible to have her anal ring stretching and stretching to take my cock. It was a fantastic delight. I groaned as her backdoor opened wide enough.

Her asshole slipped down my cock. I shuddered at that hot sheath plunging down and down my cock until she had nearly taken all of me. My dick throbbed in her pussy. She squeezed her bowels down around me as I groaned out in delight.

She shuddered, a huge smile on her lips. She enjoyed this so much. She wiggled her hips back and forth, stirring that delicious anal sheath around my cock as she sank to the hilt in me. She had taken every bit of me, her boobs jiggling.

Yes! she moaned. Oh, Lord, I love this cock so much!

Her asshole squeezed about my dick as she slid back up me. Mrs. Augustine gripped me with that hot anal sheath. Her husband stared on, jerking off his little stiffy while his wife rose to the pinnacle of my cock, massaging me the entire way with her velvety asshole.

She plunged back down me. She took every inch of my cock with that tight asshole again. The pleasures roared own my shaft. I groaned at the velvety delight. She gasped, her boobs heaving. They smacked together.

Zach! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, Zach, I love your cock!

She squeezed her bowels around my dick. She worked her bowels up my dick. It felt incredible. I loved that treat. It was such a delight to have her asshole gripping my cock. I shuddered as she plunged back down me.

She took me to the hilt. She swallowed every inch of my cock with her tight bowels. The heat rippled through me as I reveled in this delight. It was a fantastic rush to have her anal sheath squeezing around my cock.

Yes, I groaned as she rode me. Mrs. Augustine, you are such a whore!

I am! she moaned with such pride.

The reverend's wife worked her tight asshole up and down my cock. She squeezed about me with her hot anal sheath. She gripped me, driving me wild with that hot asshole of hers. I shuddered at how much I loved this.

It was an incredible rush to have that tight anal sheath sliding up and down my cock. The pressure in my balls swelled. The need to cum built and built at the tip. I shuddered, rising toward that amazing burst of passion.

I would have a huge climax. Just a mighty cum on her big dick. I wanted to spurt all my cum into her snatch. Just flood her bowels with all my jizz. That would be perfect. I loved this moment. I savored her working her anal sheath down my cock.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good.

I know, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's just awesome. Ooh, I love it. I love it so much!

I savored her riding my cock. I loved her squeezing her bowels around my dick. She worked her anal sheath up and down my hard shaft. Her velvety flesh massaged the crown of my dick. She brought me closer and closer to bursting.

Closer and closer to flooding her snatch with my jizz.

My cum ran out of her pussy as she rode me. My milky jizz spilled out of that cunt and ran down her taint to her asshole. Fresh spunk added more lube to her bowels working up and down my cock. It was intense.

I groaned, savoring this delight. I rose and rose toward my climax. I would have a powerful one. Just a big burst of delight. It would be outstanding. Her asshole clung to me. She held me tight with her anal sheath.

I shuddered at that tight anal sheath plunging down my cock and sliding back up me. Her boobs heaved as her moans grew louder and louder. Her bowels clamped down hard. She had to be close to cumming on my dick.

Just burst on me, Mrs. Augustine, I growled. Let me feel that anal sheath going wild around my dick!

Oh, yes, she moaned, her bowels squeezing about my cock. I'll cum so hard around you. Ooh, you're so hung, Zach. I love this! Watching me, honey!

I am, he groaned, stroking his little dick.

She plunged her asshole down my big cock. She gasped as she took every inch of me. Her boobs slapped together. She tossed her head as her orgasm burst through her. I groaned as her anal sheath writhed around my asshole.

She suckled at me with that hot asshole of hers while her pussy cream squirted from her twat and splashed my stomach. Her anal sheath nursed at me with such passion. I loved it so much. I savored the heat sweeping out of me. It was a fantastic moment. I groaned, my cock throbbing in her bowels.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I growled as I erupted my cum into her asshole. Shit, that's good!

I pumped my jizz into her asshole. I flooded her with my cum.

Oh, Zach, yes! she gasped. Cum in me. My holes are yours! I'm your cum-dump!

I savored those words as she suckled at my dick with her hot asshole. She worked around me. It was spectacular to feel. I loved every last second of her nursing at me like that. I shuddered as she massaged my dick.

I grunted as her anal sheath nursed out the cum in my balls. I pumped all the jizz I had into her. One last blast of pleasure slammed through me as I erupted a last spurt of my seed into her hot bowels.

She fell forward, her big boobs piling into my chest. She rubbed her breasts into me as she kissed me. I groaned, savoring her hot lips on me. Her husband panted. He must have cum while I dumped my load in his wife's asshole.

What a heady night.

I stroked her back, my cock sliding out of her asshole as she squirmed on me. I shuddered as I popped out of her backdoor. Her lips danced over mine. She was such a wicked woman. I savored all this pleasure.

It rippled through me. It was so good to feel. Our kiss grew deeper. More loving. She purred into it and finally broke it. Her blue eyes gleamed with her lust. She rubbed her nose into mine. I felt her hard pounding beneath her tit.

You just fucked me like your father did. A wicked smile crossed her lips. Like you fuck your half-sister. I love that you fuck your daughter.

That's why you're mine, aren't you? I said. You're my woman because I fuck you so hard.

Yes, she moaned. I'm yours. Yours. I... I love you, Zach.

Her husband groaned with humiliated lust.

Mmm, and you'll do whatever I want, won't you? I said as the idea that I had fucked two sisters rippled through me.

You know I will. A wicked grin crossed her plump lips. I'm your married slut, after all. What do you want me to do? Expose my affair before the entire church and really humiliate my husband?

No one must ever know you're my lover outside of my... inner circle, I said. To the world, you're the preacher's loving and faithful wife. If I knock you up, he'll be the father.

Yes, she breathed. Oh, I love it. So, what do you want me to do?

I want you to make love to your daughter.

Yes! she moaned with such wanton delight. She was so ready to commit lesbian incest. I couldn't do that with my own mother, and I feared...

I put that out of my mind as Mrs. Madison Augustine rose off me to go fuck her daughter. I shuddered at the power I had over her and over Susannah. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

I fell asleep to my parents fucking, so it was no wonder that I had such naughty dreams of Zach fucking me. Just pounding me so hard. I moaned out how much I loved him as he drilled his big dick into my pussy. He fucked me so hard.

Then it changed. 

A tongue licked at me. A delicious and feminine tongue. Not Zach. Mistress Sable...

I moaned that name as I enjoyed that tongue stroking through my folds. It was so wonderful. And felt so real. My dream wavered around me as my lesbian mistress licked my pussy. Zach owned my body and my heart, and Mistress Sable rented me.

I was so glad. I loved being her sex slave. I was so glad that I was the price Zach used to by the dominating lesbian's loyalty. I would gladly submit to her whenever she wanted. Her will was Zach's will, and I was his good and loving wife.

I would do whatever he wanted me to do.

Mistress, I moaned as I found myself drawn back to wakefulness.

I was being eaten out. I shuddered as I came awake in my bed, my nightgown shoved up around my waist. I blinked in shock. What was Mistress Sable doing between my thighs? Why was she licking me out with such eagerness?

Light streamed in from my open door. A figure stood in there. Strong and muscular. It was Zach. My husband, my love, was watching Mistress Sable eat me out. But wasn't this a huge risk? My parents could find him standing there naked, his cock hard as he watched.

Zach, I whimpered, my heart beating for such joy even as worry washed around me. My parents...

Mmm, don't worry about us, purred from between my thighs.

My mother lifted her head from my pussy. Her lips gleamed with my cunt cream. My eyes widened in shock. She licked up my cream and giggled. This was so surreal. I didn't get it. What was going on?

She's the third woman, Zach said. She's the one with the fake marriage. She's been cuckolding your father for years. He just watched me fuck your mother and claim her. She's my cum-dump, fuck-toy slut!

I am, moaned Mother. Ooh, Susannah, I'm so glad you're going to marry him. Then I can fuck my hunky son-in-law whenever he wants. I want us both to be full of his cum on your wedding night.

Mom! I gasped as she dropped her head back down to my pussy. She licked at my cunt with... skill. Oh, Mom, you've done that before.

Love pussy, she moaned and flicked her tongue up to my clit. 

So do I, I groaned as I enjoyed her tongue sliding around my clit. Oh, oh, if this is what the angel wants, then I accept it.

Your mother was chosen by the angel before we were even born, Zach said, his eyes flicking over me. That's why we're here. I need her to be mine.

Yes, I groaned in complete agreement, so glad that Mother licked at my pussy.

She was so skilled by it. I was so glad that Nisha had chosen mother to have me so I could be Zach's wife. It all made so much sense. I was shocked to learn that my parents weren't really in love, but... but...

You two have sex all the time, I moaned. You and Dad.

Oh, that's one of my lovers that sneaks in after you've gone to bed to fuck me while your father watches. She giggled. But I have Zach now, so no need for them.

And we'll make sure that they stay quiet, Zach said.

Mother buried her face back into my pussy. She licked at my cunt with such hunger. It was just so passionate. I savored how she flicked her tongue through my folds. It was an incredible rush to have Mom devouring me like that.

She was so passionate. The incestuous delight of her hot tongue stroking over my flesh was outstanding. I loved every last moment of this bliss. It was an incredible rush to have her feasting on me like that.

I trembled at how Mom licked at me. How she ate me while Zach watched, his cock so hard. I did this for him. I would have sex with any woman in the world, and I proved it right here, right now. I loved Zach so much.

Oh, Zach, I moaned. Mmm, watch her eat me! She's going to make me cum so hard, Zach!

So hard, Mother purred.

She suckled on my clit.

My back arched and big boobs jiggled beneath my nightgown, my nipples tingling. It felt so wonderful to have my mother licking me. She lapped at me with such passion. It was a delight to have her flicking her tongue around my bud.

My orgasm rose beneath my mother's delicious ministrations. She knew how to tease my clit. It was a wonderful treat to have her lapping at me. I shuddered, my back arching and boobs jiggling. They quivered from side to side as I enjoyed this taboo pleasure.

It was so wrong for my mother to eat me out like this. So gloriously wrong. I was so glad that we were chosen by God through his messenger Nisha to enjoy such forbidden delights. It would be a sin not to since Zach desired this.

He would conquer the world.

We would help him.

Mommy! I gasped as she suckled hard on my clit. Yes!

I bucked in delight as I climaxed on that wonderful mouth. She flicked her tongue around my pussy. The pleasure swept through me. It was so amazing. I loved every last second of this rapture sweeping through me. 

My pussy cream gushed out and drowned Mom. She licked and lapped at me with such passion. I loved how she stroked her tongue through my folds and brushed my clit. She was just such a delight. I was so glad to enjoy this passion.

Oh, Mommy, yes! I whimpered as more and more bliss swept through me.

Mmm, such a yummy daughter, Mother purred.

I squeezed my thighs about her head and humped against her as I loved this pleasure. It was fantastic to enjoy. The bliss swept through me. Her tongue stroked across my folds. Each time she did that, she kept me shivering in delight. I quivered with the passion of this moment. I loved this wonderful heat as she licked and lapped at me. 

Oh, yes, yes, that's so good, I moaned. Ooh, you are just such a wild Mommy!

All that wonderful pleasure swept through me and reached such a wild peak in me. I quivered there, my eyes rolling back in my head. I trembled as I loved him watching what was going on. He was such a strong man.

I left cum in your mother's asshole and pussy, Zach said, striding into the room like he owned it. 

Because he did. This was his room now. His house. He had conquered it. That was so hot to think.

I'll lick it all out of her, I purred as Mom sat up and stretched out on the bed, her head hanging off the end. Her pussy was smeared in cum and... She was shaved. That was so shocking, but... I had to devour every drop of cum out of her.

I ducked my head down and licked up the jizz that had spilled out of her. That wonderful jizz was such a delight to enjoy. Salty and wonderful but mixed with something so forbidden. I tasted my mother's tart pussy juices. 

The flavor of the cunt that had birthed me.

I lapped at her vulva, gathering up the cum off her as Zach mounted the bed behind me. He pressed his cock into my butt-crack. I was so happy that he wanted to enjoy my asshole. Anal was more than an acceptable delight.

He pushed and pushed his cock against my asshole. I shuddered as my asshole stretched open to take him. My boobs quivered in my nightgown while my tongue slid over my mother's pussy lips, gathering up salty jizz and tangy cream.

Zach, yes, I moaned as he thrust hard against my asshole. I love you!

I know, he groaned as he popped into my asshole. I feel how much you love me every time I'm in you!

Oh, he definitely loves you, purred Mom. I'm his slut and your his wife. He'll never love me like he loves you.

I know, I whimpered and thrust my tongue into my mother's pussy.

It was so much fun to dance my tongue around in her. It was a delight to flick around in her. I loved this so much. I tongued her with such force. She groaned as my tongue flicked through her folds and brushed clit.

I groaned as more and more of Zach's cock sank into my asshole at the same time. He bottomed out in me, groaning. His hands gripped my hips as he pulled back. I loved that rush. It was so nice to have him pulling back. He thrust back into my asshole.

Shit, shit, shit, he groaned as he fucked into my bowels. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good.

So good, I moaned as I licked up all the cum from her pussy. Most had leaked out before I had a chance, but...

Zach did fuck her asshole, too.

I nuzzled down her taint while reaching my hand around her leg to slide down her pelvis to rub at her clit. I found her bud as my lips licked up the cum on her taint. That salty delight melted across my taste buds. I went lower and found her backdoor.

I tongued her asshole, gathering up the earthy-flavored jizzed as Zach hammered my asshole. He fucked my bowels hard and fast. He buried into me with force. I loved that so much. He pumped away hard and fast at my backdoor.

It was amazing. I loved it so much.

I flicked my tongue around my mother's asshole, lapping up all that cum I wanted more, so... I probed into her backdoor. I thrust my tongue against her anal ring until I popped inside. She gasped as I did that. 

Oh, you're such a naughty girl, Susannah, she moaned.

Mmm, she is, growled my husband as he pumped away at me. My wife can be so naughty when she's trying to please me.

Wife? purred mother as I stroked my tongue around in her asshole.

Unofficial until we can make it official, I moaned. The angel said I had to be his wife. Just like you're to be his whore, Mommy.

Yes, Mom groaned as I thrust my tongue into her asshole again.

I found more of his wonderful cum in her asshole as he fucked my bowels. He pounded me with that big dick while I swirled around in her naughty backdoor. I found more of that wonderful cum and licked it out of her, loving the earthy flavor.

Zach grunted, his big dick fucking into my bowels driving me wild. It was such a rush to have all that cum fucking into me. I loved it so much. I savored that large cock fucking my bowels. It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved it so much.

I groaned with such heat. It was an amazing rush to have all that cock pounding me as I licked his cum out of Mom's asshole. I loved this as she moaned. My fingers massaged her clit, driving her wild as I scooped out the jizz.

Mmm, she moaned. Oh, Susannah, you're driving me wild. I love this!

I was so glad to hear that. I loved this, too. It was so amazing to thrust my tongue into her asshole and search for cum. My wonderful husband fucked my bowels with such force. The heat melted to my pussy. I would have such a huge cum.

I couldn't wait for the pleasure to burst through me. I was so ready for all that bliss to just erupt in me. I squeezed my anal sheath down around his cock. I loved how he fucked me so hard with that big dick. He pounded me.

No more cum, I moaned then licked up my mother's taint to her pussy. Mmm, so I'll just eat your cunt again!

Oh, thank you, honey! she moaned as I ate her pussy. 

I licked at her with hunger. I lapped at her and massaged her clit. My wonderful Zach fucked my asshole hard. I was so close to cumming on her. My digits danced over my mom's bud. She trembled as I did that. She tossed her head.

My tongue thrust into her pussy as I rubbed her clit hard. Her big boobs quivered. Mine swung in my nightie as Zach fucked me so hard. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. He filled me to the brim with his cock as I wiggled my tongue around in Mother's pussy.

Susannah! she moaned. Yes!

Her tart pussy juices gushed out. I groaned, drinking the flood of my mother's juices. That was so wonderful to lick up. I was in such heaven now. I lapped at her cunt, savoring every moment of this delicious treat. 

She shuddered through her rapture as I licked and lapped up all that wonderful pussy cream. Zach buried his cock into my asshole. The heat burst in me. My pussy convulsed with delight. My asshole spasmed around my husband's cock.

Yes, growled Zach as my bowels nursed at him. Damn, that's good!

He buried into me and erupted.

His cum spurted into my bowels. I loved the hot jizz flooding me. I whimpered in delight, licking up my mother's tart juices as more and over of Zach's cum pumped into me. He filled me up with all his spunk. It was spectacular.

It was just a wonderful rush to have all that jizz spilling into my bowels. It was fantastic to enjoy all his cum filling me up. My pussy convulsed, juices spilling down my thighs. My mind drowned in ecstasy. It was just perfect.

I loved this so much.

I rubbed my face into Mom's pussy. I smeared her cunt cream across my features. It was so wonderful to bathe in her juices. My mother birthed me. I loved this so much, my asshole milking Zach's cock dry.

This was such a wonderful moment. It was just perfect. 

Chapter Four

Susannah Augustine

I tossed my nightie on the floor, fully naked. I shuddered as I joined Mom kneeling before Zach. His dirty dick thrust out at our lips. I could smell the sour musk of my backdoor on his cock. It was just a perfect delight to clean my man up with his new lover.

My mother.

This was so perfect. I was so happy. It was hot. Ever since I saw Mistress Sable with her mother, I had thought about mine. It was just so perfect thinking about the fact that I could do such wicked things with her. 

Our cheeks pressed together as we leaned into his cock. Then we broke apart to lick up his shaft. I stroked my tongue up her shaft. I loved that sour flavor. It was just a delicious taste. That earthy musk had my eyes squeezing shut.

It was wonderful to clean his cock. He groaned as our tongues reached his tip. Our lips brushed. Then I was kissing my mouth. I groaned, my mouth working on hers. This was just such a rush to share this with her.

Damn, Zach groaned. That's so fucked up.

I broke the kiss with him. Mmm, but it's what you want, isn't it?

Yes, he said. 

Then it's perfect, I said. I loved him so much. Especially when he smiled at me. I could see it in his eyes. We had grown so close. We shared in such wonderful things. I would help him rule this world. It would be perfect.

My tongue licked up his dirty dick. I buffed his shaft as I climbed up toward the tip of his dick. This was so hot. My pussy clenched as I climbed higher and higher until I brushed over the crown of his cock.

And met Mom's lips again. We kissed as his dick pressed into our lips. I shuddered, my pussy on fire. This was so hot. My boobs swayed, my left brushing Mom's soft tit. I had inherited her wonderful boobs. 

I love sharing a man's dick with another woman, purred Mom. We're going to do this a lot.

Good, I said. Now suck my husband's dick clean, slut!

Yes, she moaned with such delight. It was hot giving Mom orders.

She swallowed his cock. Zach groaned as Mom suckled on him, buffing his dick clean of my asshole. I quivered in delight as I watched her bobbing her head. Her lips, sealed tight about his shaft, worked up and down him.

It was so delicious to watch her suckling on him. I wanted her to make him cum. That would be so hot. I quivered here, my hips wiggling back and forth. My pussy soaked my thighs. I knew he would jizz on our faces.

We're going to lick his cum off each other's faces, Mommy, I cooed.

She moaned and ripped her mouth off his cock. Yes, we are.

I swallowed Zach's dick. He groaned as I did that. His hand slid through my blonde hair. His other worked through Mom's. I suckled on him, still tasting some of that wonderful flavor of my asshole. That was so delicious to enjoy. It mixed with his salty precum.

I swirled my tongue around his cock. I stroked him as he groaned and throbbed in my mouth. He stared down at me with such lust in his eyes. He enjoyed having Mom and me pleasure him. It was so wild. I loved it, too.

I suckled on him until I pulled my mouth off his cock. I held him for Mom. She swallowed him.

Ooh, that's so good, I purred. Isn't it, Mom?

She nodded and moaned around him. She suckled on him with hunger. I loved that. She nursed on him with passion. I smiled as she bobbed her head. I wiggled my hips back and forth, my cunt dripping with juices.

Then Mom popped her mouth off, and it was my turn again. Zach groaned, gripping my hair. My boobs jiggled as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. We had buffed him clean. 

I didn't taste a bit of my asshole.

Shit, your daughter loves sucking my dick, Zach groaned. 

I can tell, purred Mom. It's so delicious that she's so dedicated to you.

I popped my mouth off him and smacked her on the ass. You are just as dedicated to him now, slut!

Yes! Mom gasped and swallowed his cock.

Zach groaned and grinned at me. He loved it. Ooh, Sable would have fun. When she got her hands on Mommy and me, things would get really naughty. I couldn't wait for that magical day. Maybe it would be Monday.

We could have our study sessions... Oh, Charles.

I put him out of my mind and watched Mom suckling on my husband's cock. It was just perfect. I loved every second of it. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down his dick. It was a fantastic rush to watch him doing that.

I loved it. This was just such a hot moment. My pussy clenched and relaxed as she loved him. Drool ran down her chin. I rubbed my cheek against hers, savoring the feel of her silky skin as she loved him. It was just a rush.

She popped her mouth off. I was ready to take over.

That's it, she moaned. Ooh, ooh, make him cum all over our faces. That's going to be perfect.

It would be.

I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his cock. I loved how good he tasted. This was a rush. I could suck his dick until the end of time. I was in heaven right now. I groaned around his dick. He smiled down at me.

I quivered in delight as I loved him. This was just perfect. Just a rush. He winked at me as I kept sucking hard on him. His dick twitched in my mouth. I knew he was coming closer and closer to cumming.

I ripped my mouth off him and grabbed his dick. Cum on our faces, Zach!

Yes, yes, jizz all over us, moaned Mom as I fisted his cock.

Two blonde beauties, groaned Zach, a big grin on his face. Fuck, that's hot. That's really, really hot!

I shuddered, so glad he thought that. 

I pressed my cheek against Mom's as I stroked his cock. I pumped up and down him as I thrust out my tongue to catch his jizz. He stared down at us, his eyes brimming with his lust. His cock twitched in my hand.

He erupted.

His hot cum splashed on our faces. It was so hot feeling his jizz spraying across our features. I loved that so much. The heat washed through me as he painted us in spunk. He hosed us down with all that jizz.

Shit, shit, shit, he growled. Susannah! Slut!

I loved the feel of his cum on my face. It was so hot having his hot seed splashing on my forehead or on my tongue. The salty flavor filled my mouth as he kept erupting. He drenched Mom and me. I was in heaven.

Zach! I moaned as he coated me in his cum. I wouldn't do this for any other man. Just him.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom moaned. Baste us in your jizz! Mark us! Own us!

I quivered at those words, my pussy on fire. Zach grunted as he fired more of his cum on our faces. The jizz ran over our features. It dripped down my face and splashed on my big boobs. I loved the delight. I flicked my tongue over my lips to gather up all his cum that I could reach.

I turned to my mother and licked at her face, too. It was so hot to do this. I lapped at her with hunger. It was so much fun to do this. She groaned as our tongues stroked over each other. We gathered up all that wonderful spunk.

We kissed.

Our tongues swapped the cum back and forth. We shared our cum with each other. I had so much fun doing that it was wild swapping that salty spunk. It was a rush. I enjoyed all this spunk spilling down my cheeks as we passed his spunk back and forth.

When we ran out, we had more to lick up off each other's faces. It was a rush to do that. We stroked each other. We gathered the spunk. I loved every last moment of licking up that cum. I savored every time our lips came together with more of his cum to share.

When we were all cleaned up, Mom cooed, I'm his whore.
I'm his wife, I answered.

Yes, you are, he said, his voice full of love. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

I smiled as I stared at my succubus. She looked so sexy naked while wearing glasses like she was a hot librarian. Or a teacher, her current persona in the human world. She liked to pretend to be Ms. Rayne.

I want to fuse with you to guarantee I get knocked up by my brother when he comes home, I said.

Ooh, that is such a naughty thing to do, she said. Do you know the power there is in a child conceived by twins?

I know, I said. And it'll make me into a mother. His mother. The fourth woman he needed. It wouldn't be our mother. She didn't matter. She was an airhead charmed by our father. My brother didn't need her.

He needed me.

I had power. I was the only one worthy to truly stand at his side. I would make sure that he defeated Charles. When my brother had the world bowing at his feet, I would be his queen. Susannah would be cast aside, no longer needed.

I could be his wife openly.

I fell back on my bed, my pussy dripping with my excitement for this moment. I was so ready to have my succubus grind her shaved snatch on mine. She purred in delight as she climbed onto the bed and threaded her legs with mine.

I shuddered in delight as she slid her pussy closer and closer to me. My heart pounded in my chest at the power that brimmed in the air. My succubus's cunt held a charge. Right before our cunts kissed, the magic arched between us.

I gasped at the static shock rushing through my body.

Yes! I moaned, not worrying about Mom waking up. I had long since enchanted my room to be soundproof.

Our pussies kissed. Ms. Rayne ground her snatch on mine. She undulated her hips, working her cunt in slow circles. That was so hot. Our clits brushed. Pleasure shot through me. I threw back my head, my clit ring shifting around.

That felt so wonderful. I loved tribbing with her as the power built and built between us. I groaned as we ground our twats together with more enthusiasm. My clit piercing slid over her folds. Every time it shifted, it gave me more pleasure.

It was a delight to experience. I was so glad for it. I was so ready to just have a big climax and co-mingle our juices. That would be when the real fun happened. My small boobs jiggled as I smiled at her.

Ooh, ooh, you know what I love, I groaned.

Yes, I do, she purred, undulating her hips just right for our clits to kiss again.

Fuck! I gasped, my eyes rolling back into my head.

She laughed as she smeared her hot cunt on mine. It was perfect to enjoy. I loved the heat building in me. The orgasm that would sweep through me would be a powerful one. I was so happy for that. Just so eager for all the pleasure that would burst out of me.

My bed creaked while the air grew perfumed with the scent of our hot cunts. I shuddered, grinding my cunt even harder against hers. It was so hot feeling her pussy folds on mine. My clit ring shifted, the metal twisting through my bud.

I loved this wonderful to undulate my hips. I ground against that hot snatch. It was a wonderful thrill to do this. If I had big tits like Susannah, they would be bouncing. Ms. Rayne's were. Those tits heaved. They were so hot to witness.

The pleasure built and built in me. I shuddered and rose toward that orgasm. My clit burst with sparks, feeding my impending bliss. I groaned, my head throwing back. This was just such a delicious moment.

Work that cunt against me, I hissed. Make me cum!

Yes, yes, I'll make you cum so hard! she moaned. Ooh, let me in you. Open up as you cum! Take my essence into you!

Yes, I gasped, my orgasm swelling in my snatch. Ooh, I want you in me. I want you to possess me and make me into a creature of the night!

Her hips undulated in just the right way. Our clits brushed again. I gasped at the delight that burst inside of me. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure sweeping through me. Sparks sizzled and the fire burned through me.

My pussy convulsed, my juices gushing out of me and bathing her cunt. It was wild to share this lust with her. I let it drown me. I savored this heat washing through my body. It was so hot to enjoy this rapture sweeping through my flesh.

I'm open! I gasped, my cunt convulsing. Flood me with your essence!

Yes, Mistress! my succubus cried and bucked.

Her pussy juices gushed into my cunt.

I shuddered at the feel of them flooding my twat with all that wonderful heat. My eyes rolled back into my head as the pleasure swept through me. It was an incredible thrill to have all this bliss sweeping through me.

I bucked, my dyed-purple hair swaying around my face. I felt more and more of Ms. Rayne pouring into me. I was so open to her possession. She quivered, her big boobs bouncing. Her glasses shifted on her face.

Anahita! I moaned out her true name. Lust made shadows! Desire made flesh! By our contract, I bid you enter me! Possess me with your powers so I may haunt the night for my prey!

Mistress! she gasped and burst into darkness.

Her entire form flooded into my pussy. My back arched as an even greater orgasm burst through me. My pussy convulsed around her essence pouring into me. Waves of wanton heat swept through me and washed over my mind.

Anahita engulfed my soul. My succubus held me through my rapture. My eyes squeezed shut as I felt the possession around me. I wore my succubus as a skin-tight bodysuit. Something made of latex that showed off all my naughty curves and enhanced them.

Shadowy wings unfurled from my back. I opened my eyes. The darkness around me beckoned. I didn't so much as rise from my bed as flow from it. My orgasm peaked in me as I dove into the nearest shadow and entered another world.

Lust brimmed around me. Men that could feed upon. Take their seed into me. That was what a succubus did. They swooped on men and harvested their essence. Possessed, that essence would find its way to my womb.

I searched for my brother. He shone to me. He was so familiar. I leaped to him.

I appeared in the shadows where he was. A bedroom. He was naked. Two women knelt before him, licking his cum off each other's faces. Susannah and her mother. So the false wife had been revealed. Susannah basked in my brother's attention.

As if that blonde bimbo deserved it. 

But I had to wait for my brother to fall asleep. And if he had a new plaything, well, he would be busy. I was glad that it was Mrs. Augustine. The preacher's wife was a whore? How delicious. This was a wonderful revelation.

I just watched and waited for my chance to swoop down on my brother and enjoy all the passion in him. That would be just perfect. I would be the mother of his firstborn.

Susannah broke the kiss with her mother who claimed to be his whore. Susannah his wife. He agreed. I would show her. How much power would my brother receive from sacrificing her on an altar one day?

Probably not much.

There's something else I learned tonight, Zach said. You're my half-sister, Susannah. Our dad... He seduced your mother. He was the one that turned her into a cheating whore and your dad into a cuckold.

Sister! A stab of fear shot through me. I wasn't Zach's only sister? Why didn't I know this? I should have been told. She wasn't his full sister let alone his twin, but... She had a blood tie to him. A connection that could be used against him.

If he hadn't bound her to him.

But the sacrifice... Now she was worth putting on the altar. I could get power from killing her. I could wield the knife, dripping in our brother's cum, and make a sacrifice of her. Once she had outlived her usefulness.

My brother would understand. The more he pursued power, the more of it he would crave. I leaned back in the shadows and watched, thinking about all the ways we would rule this world together. We were born for it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

I'm your... sister? I stared at Zach with shock.

My half-sister, he said. Me and you, and Moira, were conceived on the same night. In the same threesome. Our mothers were once... lovers.

Oh, yes, Mom purred. She was such a delight.

This was so shocking. I stood and stared at my husband. He wasn't playing a prank on me. This was the truth. He really was my brother. My first incestuous act had been my first time loving Zach. I had been drawn to him.

I was born to be yours, I whispered. Your father... He was guided by the angel.

Guided by his dick, Zach muttered, his expression bleak. He... disliked his father.

He was a man that could have any woman he wanted, purred Mother. I was so jealous of Mary for getting to be his wife, but... I was so thankful to be one of his mistresses.

Christ, there's more of my siblings out there? asked Zach.

Not that I know, said Mother. But he traveled a lot.

He didn't fuck a married woman last name Newport?

Mother frowned. Um, no. You mean that nice friend of yours, Sable.

She's my lesbian mistress, Mommy, I said. She serves Zach like you do. You're going to help him conquer the world.

Mom's jaw dropped.

Yes, you are, said Zach. One of the problems of the modern world is we have slain God and his blood is on our hands.

What? I gasped. God cannot be slain.

Metaphorically, said Zach. And it takes a rare man, the ultimate man, to be able to overcome that. For others, they fall into despair. Into debauchery. They lose all moral compass. Societies collapse into decadence and narcissism. They have been drawn away from the beliefs that gave them a sense of community by those who chaffed at the restrictions. Who wanted to press the boundaries? To transgress. So we have slain God, and the blood taints us. It is the problem of the world, and the one that I have been... called to answer. That's why I need you and your husband. I need to be an example to the world.

In public, at least.

I beamed up at him. Yes.

He glanced at my mother. Now, she's been very, very naughty to cuckold your father and to conceive another man's child. Don't you think she should be spanked?

Yes, I breathed.

To be continued...
