CAROL, MOM & ME

CHAPTER 137


     I was now laying on top of Jean. kissing her and leaning down to lick her nipples. I kissed her body as I slid down toward her pussy. Her hips were humping gently in anticipation. Lisa was kneeling to our right and Steve was sitting on the edge of the lounge on my left.

    I looked up at both of them and then to Jean as I began to lick her clit. I had her legs over my shoulders and buried my mouth into her pussy. Her moans and excitement were already at a peak but I wanted her really ready and hot for Lisa and me to make love with her, and before I slid my cock for the last time in a woman as a single person.

   I eased off her before she could cum this time and she moaned in desperation. I stood up and pulled Lisa to me and kissed her passionately.
She was as excited as I was at the idea we were both about to share Jean.
Then I guided her down on the mattress next to Jean.
Jean got between her legs right away and then smiled up at her with a girlish giggle.
She smiled over at her husband and then looked to see where I was.
I was on my knees waiting for her to begin sucking my lover. My about to be wife.

Finally, after caressing her own tits and smiling down at Lisa again, she moved down and began licking her upper pussy and mound. Her pussy was spread and so inviting as I held my cock up to find her hole. In seconds, I was back in a tight warm wet glove.
Both of us moaned as I spread her open and plunged all the way in one shove.

This pushed her tighter into Lisa who was watching and blinking as she knew my cock was now in Jean.

Our eyes locked as she was being licked nicely, and I was feeling a wonderful pussy wrapped around my cock again.
The moans were coming from each of us.
Now mom had come over and sat behind Steve on the lounger.

She reached her hands around him and caressed his hairy chest and nipples as her tongue played around his ear.

"Hot isn't it?"
"Watching your wife being fucked like this?"

"OOOHH God, yes it is Rita."
"Billy does me like that alot for his dad to watch."

"Its been a while since we've been able to....." Steve moaned.
Mom's hand had lowered and gripped his hardening cock.

Now she knelt for better access at his side and kissed him for a moment while continuing to stroke his cock.
Both of them watching me fuck his wife right in front of them.

"She's sucking Billy's honey pretty good there isn't she?"
"Oh God, Rita, this is only her third time doing this, but never with a guy inside her fucking her like this."
"Would you like to cum while you watch my son fuck her?"
"Oh God Yes, Rita." "Please keep doing that."

Mom's lips trailed to his ear again and she whispered something to him while they both watched me fucking his wife. She was really getting into licking Lisa.


Soon, I felt a pair of hands and someone kneeling directly behind me.
I was too busy to turn. I was getting my balls massaged and my back rubbed nicely while I fucked Jean,
I felt the fingers probing into her pussy along with my cock also, and then sliding up to probe around my asshole.
Then I felt a pair of big tits with hard nipples pressing into me as my balls were being massaged again.

   I glance to my side a moment and mom was now leaning from the deck into Steve's lap and sucking him slowly while he watched all of us.

When the tits scraped harder against me again, I knew it was Annette.
Especially when I felt her finger start to slide into my ass while her other hand caressed my bouncing sack.

This was a wonderful fuck. Especially knowing that it would be my very last as a single guy.

Lisa was about to cum any second from Jean's mouth, her eyes riveted into mine as she watched my pleasure too.
"Cum in her Billy. shoot that cream into her needing pussy."
I was being urged in my ear by Annette while she continued to pleasure me underneath with her hands.
She was really good at it.

She was blocking my view momentarily of Steve and mom, and I heard him moan loudly. I knew she was forcing his cum from his balls. 
Immediately, I thought of mom and how I felt when I came like that and I began to shoot into Jean. My cock bursted hard. As if my balls were going right with these spurts this time. Still being massaged by Annette all through this orgasm.
I was moaning so loud  and hadn't realized it.
"Fill me Billy. Fill my pussy, Jean was saying. She had leaned back from Lisa's pussy to pay attention to my spurting cock deep inside her.
Annette was stroking my back and still cupping and massaging my balls a little firmer all through it.

Wow! It really felt nice. My hands had cupped Jean's tits and I was holding her tight backward to me as I finished cumming. 
Her face was turned to me and she was trying to kiss me at the same time she was feeling my spurts filling her.
Lisa had quickly pulledf her legs from under us and knelt in front of Jean snd began licking her pussy while her mother still caressed her clit from underneath  Jean and me.

All of this action between Lisa, hre mother's fingers and my cock still stroking inside her, was making Jean really scream this time.

This was really a good one for me also.
Her tight pussy was spasming non stop and gripping even tighter. Feeling Annette's fingers switching between her clit and my cock was fantastic while I was jambed so tight into Jean.
My hands were cupping Jean's big tits and pinching her nipples in each hand.
Her spasms lasted many minutesm but my cock was beginning to finaly wilt inside her.
I don't remember how I did it, but I was able to pull out of her and off to the side while Lisa and her mother continued pleasuring Jean by themselves.

I was drained, tired and badly in need of serious sleep now. Tomorrow was my last day as a single man, and there were many things to do.
The women eventually tired themselves after taking turns givuing each other major orgasms while I sat next to mom and Steve.

Finally, it was Jack that said that they should be getting ready to leave now. He also was worn out and knew that there were a lot of last minute  things to do in the morning.

The women offered no complaints now.  Some went to the garage area we set aside a dressing room/bathroom. Others went to Carol's room for their clothes.

Since I was staying here, I didn't bother getting up to dress. neither did mom.

We all finally said good night and Lisa went home with her family. The last I would see her as a single lover/woman.

Carol smiled and said Bobby was staying the night with her.
It would be convenient for me too, to have Bobby there in the morning.

They stayed on the deck cuddling, while mom and I headed into the house and upstairs.
I kissed her with a mix of happiness, and all my love.
"I just know you'll have a nice night with dad and Sue, but remember mom, she has things to do at the office in the AM."

   "If you keep tag teaming her like earlier, we might not have a wedding!"

"I promise honey. Just a couple more licks around the block and I'll make sure we all get some sleep."
"Mom, I love you with all my heart. You and dad."
"I want to say it now because we'll be busy."
"I jst need for you to know how much I love and appreciate both of you, and all both of you have done for Carol and me all these years."
I pulled her close and kissed her. Our naked bodies pressed together but with pure love, not with needing any sex.

   How unusual this was, I thought, as I kissed her softly.
I was kissing her still, as a lover, as a pure thank you, and most of all, as my mother.
How many other men kissed  their mother like this or especially being naked?
How many men could count on their mother giving her complete self to them as mine did?
How many could say what is really in their hearts, reach over and cup their mother's tits and nipples and have her actually enjoy and encourage more?
How many had the priviledge on looking into their own mother's eyes as she held their cock in her her mouth?

    How many could watch their own mother lovingly suck them and get so excited as they shot their male seed into their mother's mouth for her to eagerly taste and take into herself?

Yes! I knew and appreciated this specialness between us, and I never wanted it to end.
Through her, she had opened the doors and experience for me to really learn to enjoy sex as the man I was now becoming.

Now, I cupped her beautiful tit and smiled at her as she looked into my eyes.
"Hoeny, your father and I love you too, with all our hearts."
There's nothing we wouldn;t do for you, and now Lisa too."

    "Well, take it easy in there mom. Remember, Lisa and I have a very special night planned after the reception, up in our suite. I knew she was still puzzled.

One more kiss, and we both went into our bedrooms.

I took one last glance down at the pool. Carol and Bobby had taken a bl;anket from a lounger and covered themselves as they seemed to now be going to sleep.


I  looked at my own bed now. I realized this was the first time in such a long time that there was no woman in it when I went to sleep!

It made little difference I thought. The rest alone, was really needed for a change.
It wasn't long that I was probably snoring into neverland.












