_I don't write too many things that are considered "romantic" but I thought I would give it a try. This one is a dedication to my beautiful, talented, sexy, enchanting wife. 14 years together, and still going strong..... Luv U N._
"Finally," N whispered. I just turned my phone back on after getting into the terminal, and saw 3 missed calls from home.
"Sorry babe, the flight was delayed because of the weather." My weeklong trip to Philadelphia was finally over, the last 7 hours of it agonizing because of the dreadful snowy weather. I don't think I had ever been happier to get back to Texas.
"Oh..." N said. I heard rustling in the background. "Well i'm glad you're finally back, I missed you."
"Me too, honey." N had been my captivatrix (if that's a word), for the better part of 13 years. There was no comparison to her in my eyes, and I dared any other woman to come close. Along with a sharp wit, girl-next-door cuteness, a deceptive kinky streak, and X number of other things, she was essentially everything that you look for in a mate, and then some.
"Say, what the heck is all that noise?"
"Uh..nothing," she replied apprehensively.
"Liar...you're still in bed aren't you?" It was almost 5:30 in the afternoon.
"No just doing some housework..."
"Yea whatever, you're as rotten a liar as ever. You've been off work for two days, the kids won't be home for another 3, I hear the TV in the background, and it sounds like "X-files", which means you're in the bed."
"Damn you," she giggled.
"It's all good." I started the half mile long trek to my car. "What are you wearing?"
"The only thing you seem to like to see me in?" I smiled. That would undoubtedly be absolutely nothing.
"Hehehe, that's my girl. Are you hungry?"
"Mmmm, a little bit, you?"
"Yea, haven't eaten since lunch in Chicago. Did you rest well while I was gone?" N had been nursing a bit of a bug while I was away.
"Yes, I did for the most part, but I have been a little bit...well, frustrated...."
"Oh I see! No romps with poolboys while I was away?"
"No!" She knew I was kidding with her like I always did. "And no rolling around with drunken bar wenches while you were 1000 miles away?!"
"Ehh...only a couple, but I didn't cum."
"Shut up stupid, and hurry home. I'll make something for you to eat. What do you think, about an hour or so?"
"Yea, probably. I'll see you when I get there."
"I love you baby. "
"I love you too."

I set my bag down with a thud about 45 minutes later. The house was dark, except for the dim light of the lamp in the family room.
"Daddy, you're home!!" I thought she was going to slip and bust her ass because she ran down the stairs so fast. I thought I was going to slip and bust my ass as she leapt into my arms from what seemed like across the room.
The first kiss after being away from your love is always the best, and this one was one of the best. I almost forgot to take a look at her as my hands crawled up and down her back and sides, our arms locked around one another.
"Mmmm...." N smelled and tasted wonderful. I could tell that she had just showered, as she smelled like olive oil soap and a hint of rosemary.
"I'm so glad you're home," she beamed through her perfect smile. "It's lonely in this big old house all by yourself."
"Not as lonely as a hotel room 6 states away from you. Let me have a look at you."
Her rich, reddish brown ebony skin was as alluring as always, and she glistened slightly from the fresh shower. Her large full breasts were peaked with crinkled areola, her nipples hardened almost to the shape of pencil erasers. I ran my hands along her full hips, and grabbed two handfuls of her full ass as I pulled her closer to me. N reached around and grabbed my ass in turn, nestling her head on my shoulder. I sniffed her long reddish brown hair which had fallen around my face, as she breathed quietly against my neck. Abruptly, I pushed her back to around arms length.
"Say, I thought you said you were going to make something to eat," I said, coming to my senses and realizing that I didn't smell any food cooking.
She laughed. "I did, you can't tell?"
"Huh?" I had no idea what she was talking about.
"God, you can be so dense." She took my hand and moved it down to her mons. Touching it lightly, I found it to be as bare as the day she was born.
"Oh....OH!" I exclaimed with a grin. "I see you were busy in the shower."
"Yep, just for you." I tried to slip a finger between her lips, but she held me back. I could tell that her healthy-sized clit was getting hard though. "Not yet naughty boy. First let's get you out of this. I never have been able to figure out how women are so damned skillful and getting dressed and undressed. After all these years, I still fumbled with her bra hooks. In about 10 seconds, she had my shirt up over my head and on the floor, and my pants down around my ankles.
"Underwear? What the hell has gotten into you?" I had completely forgotten that I was wearing briefs, which I didn't usually do.
"Hey, I couldn't be sitting on the plane with a big ass boner the whole time!"
"Uh huh." She slipped my underwear down, and grabbed my cock, which was hard. anxious and throbbing in her hand. "Oh I see! Well I guess we'll have to do something about that. But first, we'll have to do something about that appetite of yours, I know how hungry you get when you fly."
Higher brain function started to cease at this point, as she walked catlike into the living room. N had cleared off the coffee table completely, and proceeded to lie down on it on her back. She spread her legs and begin to idly stroke her clit as if she did it every day. I almost tripped and fell as I tried to get my shoes, pants and drawers off at the same time.
"I hope you get full," she said, as I knelt down naked in front of her outstretched legs.
"I may not, but you will," I replied, licking my lips.
"Oh fuck," she said, as my tongue made it's first contact with her pussy. I swear I could feel her labia swell in my mouth as I took one lobe in my mouth, and then the other, slowly sucking and licking on them. I knew she liked it when I didn't go straight for the prize. After a few moments, I had to grab her hips to steady her increasingly involuntary bucking. I breathed slowly and deeply onto her wet pussy between sloppy wet licks up and down her crease, savoring every bit of her taste and aroma.
I took to it like a kitten to milk, too the chorus of low, "shit, fuck, goddamn" coming from her. I couldn't imagine that she could be all that comfortable lying on that hard tile-topped table, but she certainly didn't seem to mind all that much. I looked up for a moment to see her hands gripping one end of the table, and her cute little toes gripping the other, her back arched, chest heaving her large breasts back and forth. It encouraged me even further as my erection bounced between my legs, undoubtedly dripping precum onto the floor. After a few minutes of teasing and watching her grow increasingly unruly, I took one long lick into her hole to gather some of her juice, and closed my mouth around her clit, sucking it in, peeling back the hood with my lips and flicking all around the top and bottom of the little organ. Almost immediately, she tensed and shuddered, and then sank back, her legs going limp and falling off the sides of the table.
"Did you cum," I asked, pulling off of her and taking a deep breath.
"Shit, I don't know and I don't even care," she whispered through jagged breaths. "C'mere"
She grabbed my hand and sat up on the table, pulling me to my feet. My dick was so hard if felt as if it might bust. She dispensed with the formalities as she opened her mouth wide and took me into her to the back of her throat with a slight gag. I groaned with pleasure as she wrapped her full lips around sucking and pulling my skin, working the underside with her tongue. She grabbed my ass with one hand, and took my tight, swollen balls in the other, gently moving them around in circles as she pulled me deeper and deeper into her mouth. Yes, all higher brain function ceased completely at that moment.
Her expert dick sucking was, which had been unbeknowst to me for a long time, working her into as much of a frenzy as it was me. She pulled off with a pop and hopped up, rolling onto the couch. "Ooo damn, I can't wait any longer, fuck me," she said, pulling her knees and holding them there with her hands. It certainly was an empowering thing to know that I could turn the normally soft-spoken, reserved, professional lady N into a foul-mouthed, sex-crazed devil with just my mouth.
I was in her in a second. For a moment, I thought I was going to pop on the first stroke, her walls were so slick and tight. I had to go slow at first just to get a grip. The feeling was immense as I worked in and out of her, pulling out to leave just the tip of my head at her opening and plunging in again. She spread her lips so that my stomach could massage her clit, and within a few moments I knew she was about to cum.
"Shit," she exclaimed. I had to stop because she spasmed so tightly, twitching and throbbing around my cock. The orgasm seemed to go on forever until she relaxed. "More..." she managed to say.
"Wanna ride it?" She could only nod. I pulled out and sat down on the couch. She planted both calves on either side of my thighs and worked me into her. There was no resistance. I hadn't seen her this wet in a while. I wanted to just lay back and close my eyes, but I could not resist the sight of her large, full breasts swaying in front of me as she ground down on me, using me as a tool for pleasure. I reached out and massaged her breasts, squeezing, pinching and twisting her nipples. The sounds coming from her mouth were both primal and unrecognizable.
"Another one......" She slammed down on me with great force as she came again, rubbing her clit furiously against my stomach until finally collapsing on top of me. "Good god," she said breathing as if she had run a marathon. "Your turn. Cum for me daddy."
She rolled off, and spread again. Both she and I knew that I was close. She always wanted me to pound her hard when I came, so I entered her, and spread her wide myself, and proceeded to fuck her like a jackhammer, the sound of my body hitting hers almost echoing in the otherwise quiet room. Her pussy was making the most obscene, wet noise as I worked in and out of her, over, and over, and over. She grew quiet, and seemingly almost unconscious as she lolled like a ragdoll under my assault. I knew that she was cumming constantly now, as she did when I got it just right, and she wouldn't stop until I finally reached my peak.
When that was exactly, I'm not sure. I distinctly remember the familiar sound of her saying, "There it is, I feel it," which she would often say when my cock and balls reached their limit, and I swelled, filling her insides her as my load shot into her. Sometimes I pounded through, reaching for her cervix, other times I just let it course out as it felt. That was her favorite moment of fucking me, the period on the end of the exclamation point, so to speak. I hope the windows were closed, the neighbors might wonder what was going on.
At any rate, it was 10:30 when I woke up. I was still laying on the couch buck naked, my sated sex organs resting neatly on my inner thigh. She was on the other section of the couch, under a blanket eating a piece of pizza. There was a Domino's Pizza box on the table.
"Huh?" I said groggily.
"I tried to wake you up to ask you what you wanted on your pizza, but your greedy ass wouldn't wake up."
"Greedy? That's crap, not me!"
"Bullshit. When I say cum, I mean I can barely take anymore, but NOOOO, you went off and fucked me for another half hour."
"Whatever...you liked it."
She smiled. "Yea I kinda did. Oh by the way, you said you were going to take me shopping tomorrow."
I sat up. "Now that's bullshit. I know I didn't say that."
"We can stop by Frederick's (of Hollywood) tomorrow...," the little coquette said.
I never said I wasn't easy. "Oh, now I remember, I did say that."
"Sore?" I asked.
"A little, but I bounce back pretty quick."
Who said married life was for the birds....
Dedicated to my Superwoman, N.