I am a vampire.
Does that shock you?
I was born in medieval England, my father was a wealthy lord and my mother, his lady. My master came one night and found me... captivating, yes, that's the word he used. He told me right there that he wanted to make me immortal and I agreed.
Decades later, having incurred his wrath, and he was an unforgiving master, another master took me from him. A kind master that protected me and brought me into his throng to be his personal guard. I am forever indebted to him for that.
He had two other vampires as guards, twins who were known only as Crow and Raven, just as I was given the name Lynx. We three were lovers for decades until the fight. It was sworn that if one brother could not have me, the other could not either.
We have not seen each others beds since that night.
Two centuries have gone by now, and it's about time they ended this war. Raven had become the knight errant, always the gentleman, kind, yet quick to anger when his brother was concerned. Crow had become a rouge, his every move a sexual advance, mocking, cruel and baited his brother more often than not.
I move silently in the dark dojo. No one is here and I know I've got the whole place to myself.
I clear my mind and let my body fall into the position I always took whenever I started a kata. Breathing deeply and moving slowly, I start a Tai Chi form.
Every movement I make was made in time to my breathing and I feel myself relax as my heart slows into a steady, calm rhythm.
I always enjoyed this. It clears the mind, relaxes the body and seems to rejuvenate the soul. Everything I needed after a long day.
All too soon I come to the end of the kata and I start a new one, never stumbling, total muscle control, and steady breathing.
When I end that one I become aware of Raven standing in the shadows. He has just entered the room and he is watching intently.
He has seen me train before, but when ever he sees me doing Tai chi... he's told me once before that it always took his breath away. He said that I look so at peace, so happy, and so relaxed. Not far from the truth.
I glance up as he steps onto the mat and nod in greeting. "Raven."
"Do you feel up to sparing?" He asks.
I sigh. I had enjoyed the moment's peace, but the promise of a spar is always welcome. "Yes. I'll let you warm up."
While Raven warms up, I practice gymnastics and flexibility, throwing cartwheels and doing back flips, somersaulting and stretching into a split. If I hadn't been a vampire, I wouldn't have been able to do half these things without proper training.
"Ready," Raven calls as he stands.
I move into position and bow to him.
The match has started.
I stand alert in my favourite stance, the "cat paw" stance, my eyes fixed on every move he makes by watching the middle of his chest. The center of his balance.
I never did like attacking first in a spar. I always preferred counter attacking, and I don't have to wait long.
Raven moves with lightning speed, but to my vampire sight, he only moves like a fast human.
I side step his attack and bring my leg up to kick him as he went past, but he has moved and is mounting his own attack by trying to sweep my legs from under me.
I jump back and flip into a low stance, ready to spring.
Raven stands and steps forward to deliver a punch to my head but I block his punch with both hands and sweep them around in a fast Tai Chi movement then push upwards towards his jaw.
Raven tilts his head back just in time, bringing his own arms down over mine.
We part once more.
Raven comes at me, probably hoping to catch me off guard, but I take a step back, spinning around and striking with a back fist.
He ducks in time and grabs the front of my shirt to spin me around, but I plant a leg behind his knees and straighten it out to trip him. I send him falling backwards, but, at the same time, dragging me down with him as his hands are still wrapped in my gi top.
I land on his chest, knocking the wind out of my lungs. I try to take a deep breath in but the sound rasps in my chest and sounds worse than it actually is.
Talk about pain.
"Are you all right?" Raven asks.
I try to breathe. "Just... winded," I say between breaths. "Wait... a min... ute." I stay on his chest, breathing deeply, inhaling the deep scent of him, soap, a musky aftershave and sweat.
Raven brings his arms over me to hold me to his chest and I relax, my laboured breathing becoming more regular, but I don't move. It's too comforting in his arms. Reminds me of a time centuries before he and his twin fought... over me. I know that the feeling can't last but I'm too afraid to break this moment between us.
I lay with her eyes shut, remembering. I haven't felt this way in centuries. I shift my head to glance up at Raven to see him watching me. He moves his head up and his lips touch mine. It is gentle, as if through the kiss he is asking permission. With a moan I give it to him, kissing him back.
I feel a thrill as his hand brushes my cheek to trail down my neck to the nape, holding me to him.
Raven rolls me onto my back, I feel him hard against my belly and the feeling sends shivers of delight through my body. I run my hands down his neck to slide under his shirt, caressing his toned chest, opening the front up.
Raven almost stops right there, breaking off the kiss and gazing down at me with his dark eyes. It's been too long I don't know if I can control myself, and I know he's thinking the same. I don't want control. I want everything, so I bring him back down to me, mouth eagerly searching out his.
With a groan, he gives into his own cravings, slipping his shirt off, then lowering a hand to cup one of my breasts through my top. I open my shirt up to him, feeling the rough surface of his fingers brush my nipples, causing my back to arch, then he starts to kiss his way down, taking one in his mouth while his hand caressed the other.
My back arches again as his tongue plays with the nipple, nails scratching his back gently. He slides my top off my shoulders and I relinquish my hold on him long enough to free my arms from the sleeves.
Raven kisses his way down to my navel, hands undoing my belt. He gently lifts me up as he pulls my trousers down past my hips, fingers barely touching my skin as he slides them down my bare flesh as he moves lower.
I gasped as he kisses my inner thigh, slowly, tantalisingly moving up, letting his tongue play upon my skin leaving white hot sensations as he moves on, then kissing my most intimate place, his tongue exploring me.
I squirm as I move my hands down, threading them in his hair, holding him to me, my legs bending up to allow him closer. His tongue darts in then out, teasing me, and I let out a moan of need, hands clutching at his hair, begging him to continue. He lets his tongue enter again moving more slowly.
I feel as if I'm going to come right there and then, but Raven starts to kiss his way back up, almost making me groan with disappointment, only to kiss my breasts again.
I let my hands move to his gi trousers, feeling his naked stomach as it was pressed against me. I untie the front and slip them over his hips, feeling his taunt buttocks as my hands travelled up to his head.
Raven shifts his legs so that he kicks his gi off, bringing his knees up to rest between my legs. He kisses my neck, gently sucking on the tender flesh there before moving to my mouth, bringing me up to sit on his folded legs as he sits back.
I sit, legs folded under me so that I'm kneeling, and I can feel him stiff and ready between my thighs. I move one hand down to hold him, hearing him moan against my lips. Slowly and gently, I move my hand, delighting at the feeling of skin upon skin, the velvety softness as my hand glides over him.
My fingers touch the head, feeling the slick wetness of precum at the very tip. More than ready, I think.
I raise myself on my knees, leaning down to kiss Raven deeply as he brings me closer, guiding me softly home and down.
I gasp as he enters, flinging my head back in a wordless cry. It had been so long since I'd felt his bulk in me and it was almost overwhelming. Raven kisses the hollow of my neck, holding me close as he rocks me, plunging into me slowly until I can move more freely, raising up onto my knees to move against him.
We moved together in the dim room, rhythmically thrusting toward each other, but I want, no, need, more.
Raven lets his mouth move to the side of my neck and I feel the brush of teeth as his canine teeth lengthen.
I moan in ecstasy as Raven bites my neck, the bite bringing me closer to climax as he suckles at me, drinking my blood as we moved together. This is what I wanted.
With the taste of blood, he moans against my neck, thrusting harder into me as his control slips.
I feel the change as I start to climax, a tail snaking down from my tail bone, but I don't care. I sink my own teeth into Raven, feeling him become more excited, pulling me closer to him as he rammed himself into me.
Then I hear a feathery whisper as dark wings enfold us both, brushing my back lightly as I trust towards him, meeting violent thrusts with my own. Not taking my mouth from his neck, I open my eyes to see two black wings sprouting from Raven's back.
I bring my mouth back to Raven's, our blood mingling in our mouths. Raven pulls me tighter to him, thrusting himself deeper and deeper as his need increases, but by that time, so has mine.
My mind reels as I climax, throwing my head back again to let out a moan as my whole body spasms. I'm answered by Raven as he too comes, filling me.
I fall back, Raven still sheathed inside me and he slumps against me, pinning me with his weight. His midnight black wings sweep either side of us one last time before disappearing into his back. He raises up on his arms and pulls out, rolling onto his back.
I snuggle up to his side, resting my head on his chest, hearing the thud of his heart, beating at the same time as mine.
I look up, following the line of Raven's jaw, and I felt content for the first time since the fight. Tears start to well up in my eyes.
Raven glances at me from where he lay, a hand brushing my cheek. "Tears."
I nod. "Tears at last."
"What's wrong?"
I can't help but smile. "Nothing. I think I'm happy."
He strokes my cheek with his fingers. "You think?"
I pull myself up onto my elbow. "I haven't felt this way since you and your brother were with me."
Raven smiles and lets his hand move to my jaw line. "I know how you feel." His eyes seem to dim. "But that's now in the past and Crow would never agree to this now. I don't think I could either."
It was honest at least. "I know, and for that I'm sorry."
Raven pulls me down for another kiss. "Sorry for what? You have nothing to be sorry for, Lynx. It was all our faults for letting feelings get in the way of common sense."
I shut my eyes and shake my head. "But feelings were all we had."
His hand brushes my hair away from my face. "I know."
I smile gently. "It was beautiful while it lasted."
"So are you," he says as he runs his hand down my jaw.