Jumping into Humiliation
by Qcass400 

It was the beginning of a celebration. The end of my senior year and then on to bigger and better things. It was supposed to be the best months of high school, but this event would turn it into the worst. My name is Carly. I'm a senior in high school at Melville high and captain on the track team with my event-long jump. This final year had been going perfectly. My grades were good and I had just been accepted to Rutgers on both academic and athletic scholarships. Just before Christmas I had purchased my first car with my 18th birthday- an old beat up thing but I was excited about it. This new year's party would be a full celebration of all of that- or so I thought.

I arrived at the party looking my best, now I'm not vain, but in my new shirt (a bit low cut but this was a party after all), hot tan skirt perfectly accentuating my ass, and long wavy blonde hair, I knew I looked good. I scanned the room quickly and saw the usually crowd. I headed straight over to my friends on the team making sure to avoid David. We had broken up 2 months ago. It wasn't a bad breakup- we were realistic abut us moving to college in a few months- but I didn't want to start off the party with any notes of bitterness or sadness.

It was your typical party, honestly I don't remember much of it now. I'll admit I was drunk, so when I saw Nicole talking to Dave, flirting and laughing, I got more mad than I should have been. True we were broken up, but who was she to move in like that. Nicole was also on the track team, a middle distance runner and a sophomore I think. She was the classic girl next door type, slim with long brown curly hair. In a few years she would be beautiful, but for now was still firmly in the "cute" category. I walked up up to her and said "look I don't know who invited you here, but keep away from David. Know your place". And then walked off before she had a chance to respond.

Not soon after I saw them again- definitely flirting. I got mad, I don't know if it was the liquor or unresolved feeling but I walked over and made mistake #1.

Without saying a word I lowered the contents of my drink (svedka and lemonade, a classic high school drink) down all over Nicole. She was wearing a tight white shirt tucked into jeans- of course making her black bra underneath visible.

"What did I just tell you? Time for you to leave before I humiliate you even more, little girl". I don't why I called her a little girl; she was only and inch shorter than me at 5'4, but with my large legs, butt and full C cups boobs I looked much bigger. I guess I figured it would make her back down- so I stuck with it.

"What the hell Carly?!!" she shrieked, covering her top half as best she could. "You bitch".

That set me off. I jumped on her pulling her hair and clawing at her face. The music was still going at the party but there was still as sudden hush. In desperation she fought back looking to get herself out of this mess. I was beating on her pretty badly, but I was tiring. After all she was made for stamina, whereas I was not. Nicole at pulled herself to her feet and was circling me, jumping away each time I attempted to hit her. Finally, as I tired she reached out to slap me. Ready for this I jumped and instead of slapping me, her hands caught on my skirt ripping it off. There I was in a crowd of my friends with me navy, frilly thong exposed to all. Not how I thought this would go. Immediately I crouched down to minimize my exposure. While I was very proud of my butt- it was large and perfectly firm, your classic bubble butt- I wasn't ready to show it.

"please give me back my skirt-I I I'm sorry, I'll stop this" I stammered out. Unfortunately Nicole was smart. She wanted to end the fight and make sure I left, so she said "Sure, I'll give you the skirt but in exchange you need to hand me your shirt". I thought about it- my bra was cute, and certainly did not reveal me like my thong did. It would be embarrassing but it was worth it. "Deal". I stripped my shirt off and threw it over to Nicole as she threw my skirt.

What I had not realized was that in pulling it off of me, the three buttons on the side had been ripped off. It was useless. Now I should have just covered up and moved out of there, but I didn't. Mistake #2.

"You bitch, what the hell is this trick! I am going to humiliate you so badly, and when you beg for me to stop I won't."

Nicole reacted right way reaching forward and snagging my skirt to toss in the crowd. In just my bra and panties I cowered back, but this time she went on the offensive. Nicole ran at me then turned at the last second hooking her arm around me and basically jumping on my back. Fine with me I thought as I collapsed to the ground. In that time on my back though, Nicole had unhooked my bra. Too late I realized what she had done as she threw it to the crowd around us.

"okay, okay, you win" I said covering my boobs as best I could, "please let me go". Nicole replied smugly "You said you would humiliate me- and wouldn't stop even if I begged. Turnabout is fair play". I screeched out "fine fine, but please let me keep my panties". She thought about this for a second and seemed to agree. "okay, up you get now". she pulled me up and plucking a balloon from the party yanked my arms back and tied my wrists together. My boobs were now visible to the entire party. Everyone had phones out filming my perfectly round boobs, my nipples standing on point deliciously. Humiliating doesn't even begin to describe this.

"I think a punishment is in order" she yelled marching me around the room, by boobs still prominently pushed out. Laying me over her lap on a chair she exclaimed "time for a spanking". There I was laying on the lap of a smaller girl, surrounded by friends in just my thong. Leaning down Nicole said "If you want to keep your panties you'll ask me for this spanking. Make it good, I'm only giving you one chance. Humiliated, I heard myself call out. "Please Nicole, let me keep my panties, spank me, but let me keep my panties. I'm the little girl, not you" I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth.

And so she did spanking my butt, alternating buttcheeks. With each slap I could feel my butt ripple, giving a great view to the other high schoolers. My boobs thrust out with each slap, shaking under me. Eventually she stopped, calling out "I'm a bit tired, can someone help me. How about you two" she said to three little freshman girls. "sorry boys, I don't want to take this too far, you may not be able to control yourself with this in your hand" she said as she grabbed a handful of my ass shaking it.

Nicole pulled my up and placed me down again on Claire's lap. Claire eagerly replied, "be sure to thank me each time for slapping your naked but like a little girl" she sneared. I did not after the first one Nicole made me regret it. She stood me up, and slinked behind me yanking my thong up my buttcrack. My butt was on fire and my pussy lips spilled out, my last shred of modesty! "Please please pull them down!" I yelled. And she did- all the way down, pushing my on my face as I crouched down she whisked them off of me. "no one let her leave" The crown was doing no such thing, all cramming for a better view. Nicole yanked me up exposing my pussy for all my classmates. I had trimmed that night, leaving one small little landing strip and I could hear the hooting and hollering as I was exposed. Nicole did not linger however, placing me back down. This time, after each slap I sobbed out "thank you for slapping my naked butt like a little girl". The crowd was gasping, and couldn't believe they were hearing me say this.

Then the final person began to spank me. A small freshman named Olive. With each slap, she added a twist, pausing after slapping me and tickling my clit as she pulled her hand back up. The first time it happened I yelped, thrusting my tits out and and arching my back. The crowd loved this. As the spanking went on my nipples grew hard- as everyone quickly pointed out. I was sopping wet and begging her to stop between fits of arousal and humiliation. Final she leaned down and whispered "I'll stop- or maybe let you finish, if you yell out exactly what I'm doing to you. I want detail" And so I yelled out the most humiliating phrase I ever have.

"Olive please stop rubbing my little pussy, I'm about to cum, I'm soaking wet and I can't last any longer!!" The crowd fell silent at this, only a few snickers could be heard. Olive didn't stop though. Instead she rubbed harder, and right there in the middle of the room, on this little girls lap, I orgasmed. My legs shook and the tremble also shook my tits and ass. I called out in moans and then subsided on her lap.

Nicole grabbed me up again but this time I was defeated. She wrapped my own shirt around my legs saying "last bit of fun guys". You are such a greater jumper, how about you jump on out of here" I paused for a second, not realizing what she meant and then began to hop out of the room. Each jump made my tits bounce wildly, as did my ass. The view I was giving my classmates must have been incredible.

As I hopped outside Nicole caught up to me and said "don't worry I won't make you hop home". She untied me but did not give me back and clothes. Just before walking away she called back out "don't get any ideas about revenge, I'll soon have the video's, so if you don't want your new team told how entertaining you'll make their parties I'd take the lose on this one"