V.

“She won’t even see me.”

Jim shook his head at McCoy’s words and slid the two fingers of scotch in the doctor’s direction. He’d found him in the same spot where they’d met nearly two years before; shoulders slouched, head downturned, and burying his sorrows in an empty shot glass.

A twinge of guilt settled into the pit of Jim’s stomach. He was partly to blame for the man’s pain. There was no question about it, he was completely to blame. It had been obvious, even to the blind, that Spock and Nyota would let their attraction, love, run its course despite the destruction it would bring to everyone around them. They were egotistical soul mates cut from the same cloth of privilege.

Jim beat the pack of Marlboros against his palm, slipping one from the plastic, and lighting up. “You can’t cry here.”

“You shouldn’t smoke.” A spark returned to McCoy’s eyes, his undeniable wit present and fully accounted for.

“You’re a doctor, they pay you to say that shit.” Jim lifted the scotch from his companion’s hand, threw back the liquor, savoring its pungent taste, all before his lips circled the cigarette and took one long drag off the nicotine stick held between his fingers.

“It’s your funeral.”

“You can’t cry there either.”

Leonard McCoy was a defeated man; disappointment worn on his sleeve like a badge of courage.

“Why the fuck did he leave you?”

The million dollar question…

It had taken less than a minute for the ones who had broken their hearts to invade the conversation. The how and why was unimportant, Nyota and Spock, were together. Jim and McCoy were lost.

“All I’ve got left is my bones.”

“Well, the next round is on me, Bones.”

Jim motioned for a new bottle from the bar. A server with a bare glitter-covered chest delivered the request to the table. He waited patiently for Jim to tip him, smiling when his boss slipped a bill in his front pocket and fingered the outline of the very visible bulge in the waiter’s pants.

Ownership really did have its perks. This was his world – chaos and unbridled lust. In the smoky corner of his personal den of iniquity, Jim Kirk played ringmaster to an illicit circus of desire quickly spiraling out of control around him.

McCoy was helplessly caught in the middle. Mesmerized by the bright lights and loud music; his face flushed with an arousal the doctor would never admit as he young men brushed his shoulder in passing, holding his gaze, and complimenting him on everything from unkempt beard to the shape of his very kissable lips.

“Penny for your thoughts?” Jim asked as he refilled McCoy’s glass.

“Can you make it go away? Just for a night make this stupid - dang blasted pain - go the hell away.”

In a poor attempt at comfort, Jim reached for McCoy’s hand, “I told you it was a big fat lie. You’re too good for them…too real.”

He repeated the empty words that looped over and over again in his head on the nights when the bed was empty and the sheets cold without the warmth of Spock’s body.

***

“This will hurt.”

The statement was delivered in a matter-of-fact manner, without concern for emotions or penalty for his words. Jim had awakened to find Spock standing over him. His face was void of color. He had entered the home he shared with Jim, hair in disarray, trench coat falling from his frame, and look of absolute uncertainty in his eyes.

Jim focused on the word hurt. He’d known this moment would come, since the first time he stared into those warm brown eyes and willingly surrendered his heart. He hadn’t heard anything else. The thanks Spock bestowed for their years together and Jim’s undying support. The torture he had endured hiding his feelings for the uptown beauty despite the loyalty he held for the relationship that existed between the two men.

“You’re more than a lover.”

Those were the words he spoke. He considered Jim more than a lover and now he was reduced to a mere acquaintance.

Prayer after prayer spilled from Spock’s lips in the hopes that someday Jim could and would grant him forgiveness for his transgressions.

“Is it because she’s intelligent?”

Jim was smart but Nyota’s genius wafted from her pores and drifted from her lips in elegant riddles that he would never conquer.

He questioned Spock further, “Because she’s beautiful…”

His voice faltered with the question, “A woman?” He had borne the brunt of Spock’s wrath inflicted because of the shame he felt in disappointing his father and mother. They had both been banned from Spock’s mother’s funeral because the senator felt their presence would taint his wife’s memory. Finally, the father could experience a moment of pride when his eyes landed on his son and the beautiful feminine body that would grace his arm and fill the familial home with grandchildren.

“No.” Spock’s voice came out in a rasp, “It’s because she doesn’t need me.”

That was a blow to Jim’s ego and a contradiction of the facts.

Yes, Jim would admit to emotional neediness and the demand for excessive reassurance. In his mind, Spock was just as much to blame; continuously he shut Jim out with beautifully erected walls that hid the aristocrat’s son’s heart from the common man. It was unnecessary protection; leaving Jim sentenced to the role of stranger unable to move closer.

He was forced to dig and question the feelings that existed between the two. Wasting countless hours recalling first meetings, stolen touches, and fevered couplings became necessity. Without that acknowledgement, Jim had nothing, but a string of dreams produced by an overactive imagination.

Spock’s love had never belonged to him.

“I’m sorry.” Spock’s mannerisms were like those of a little boy terrified of offending an already angry parent.

“Irrelevant.” Jim yelled, his mind fighting to process what sparked the half hearted apology. “What are you so sorry for?”

Spock whispered, “Everything.”

“You’re a piece of shit.”

The sight of him made Jim ill. Spock bristled under the words and Jim’s anger grew.

“‘Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance’.”

Always the cold hearted scholar, Jim thought and he couldn’t help but laugh, “You’re standing there quoting Wilde.” He snatched his coat from a hanger in the hall closet, “How does that work exactly? I’m ripping your heart from your chest, but I’ll use a witty, self – depreciating quote to ease the pain of delivery.”

“I fell in love with her Jim, I’m…”

He couldn’t stand to listen to another word.

“There’s always a choice: a moment where you debate the logic of your decision – repercussions – consequences. You thought only of yourself.”

Spock positioned himself in front of the door, poorly attempting to block Jim’s departure, “It’s not safe out there…alone.”

“Oh and it’s safe in here – alone – watching you pile lie on top of filthy lie. I don’t need you. I don’t want you. I don’t love you. I hope you’re happy.”

Spock’s eyes lowered in response to Jim’s words. His head quickly followed, “I love you. I will always love you.”

“You loved me fucking you. I amuse you but I bore you. You’ll miss me. She won’t love you the way I did.”

With one finger Jim pushed Spock from his perch. He walked into the night and out of the man’s life.

***

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to kiss Leonard McCoy.

The man was all broad shoulders, strong lines, firm hands, and a complicated mess of masculinity that pulled you under and refused to let go. Still McCoy didn’t want Jim. This kisses and gropes that had transpired between them were purely about retribution.

The two had stumbled into Jim’s office behind the bar. There had been talk, perverted musings about the feel of Jim’s come on his tongue. It was the liquor. McCoy was no more gay or bi-curious than he was the first time they met. What he was…sexually frustrated and completely inebriated. He’d fuck anything that spread for him at this stage of the game.

It was a rare opportunity a chance for Jim to indulge in forbidden fruits while hurting the ones who had single handedly broken his heart. He ignored the familiar comfort of a body pressed against his. The known and enjoyed brush of the other man’s bulge against the one he surely sported. He couldn’t resist reaching for the thick mass of brown hair but his mind lingered and sleek and severe haircut of his former lover.

“I’m not your revenge fuck.” Jim pushed the man away, ignoring the hardness in his pants, the strain of his nipples against his shirt. Leonard McCoy loved his wife. Jim still loved Spock. This whole exchange was useless.

“Talk to me.” McCoy’s voice floated over Jim’s shoulder to his ear.

“I am.” He answered as he focused his energy on calming the overwhelming sensations filling his body.

“Talk to me in real life. I know who you are. I love you. I love everything about you that hurts.” McCoy’s resolve crumbled and he slid to floor in tears.

Jim stared at the man long and hard before he spoke, “Real talk – real life – you love your wife. She’s a bitch for leaving you, but fucking me, drinking yourself into oblivion in this shit hole won’t bring her back.”

“You feel the same; I know you feel the same.”

It didn’t matter that McCoy’s words were true, admitting that would open Jim up to pain he’d buried years before, “Do I.”

“You talk about their lies and you are the biggest hypocrite around, all party boy, and false promises. Then you pull this shit. Admit it you’re miserable. Out of your mind, probably crying like some piss-ant baby in the middle of the night.” McCoy stood, eyes stretched in anger, and his finger pointed in Jim’s direction, “You’re right I love my wife. Flaws and fractured sense of worth included, she’s never been afraid to show me what she was really is. Who are you, Jim? What are you?”

“The life of the motherfucking party.”

Jim smiled. His mouth stretched from ear to ear. His eyes were bright with excitement, but his heart broke every second that the faux grin resided on his face.

McCoy read him like a book, head shaking, mouth twisted as he retrieved his coat from the chair, “Now tell me something true.”

“Lying is the most fun a guy can have without taking his clothes off, but it’s better if you do.”

Jim studied the door long after it closed. Spock was no match for McCoy. The doctor would win Nyota back and send Jim’s heart back to its home, but would he still want the man who had crushed it without hesitation.