Lister’s conversation with the guys had perturbed him more than he liked to admit. Despite what Ethan had said to him about pigeon-holing himself, he couldn’t help but think it would be nice to know his own mind. He found himself staring at women in the street trying to work out if he still fancied them or not, and then staring at men to see if he fancied them either. And then comparing them to see who he fancied more and why.

He and Rimmer had never really discussed the mechanics of their relationship; and when he thought about it, Lister realised he had no idea how his lover felt now about the fairer sex. He was fairly sure that, like him, Rimmer had always been attracted to women. But he wasn’t positive. Had Rimmer known, even before he’d fallen in love with Lister, that he might have some homosexual feeling? Had there ever been anyone else?

Finally, the agonising became too much. As they lay in bed one night, Lister rolled over and posed the question directly. “Rimmer, are you gay?”

Rimmer stared at him for a long moment; “Well,” he said slowly, as if speaking to an idiot, “There is this guy I live with...We have a lot of sex and I love him with all my heart - even though he sometimes asks the world’s stupidest questions. But other than that...”

“No, I mean...apart from with me,” Lister said frustrated.

“Do you see another guy in this bed?”

“What I’m asking,” Lister said testily, “Is whether you still like women. I mean, I know you used to...but I don’t know how you feel now. And I don’t know if you ever...That is....If there was anyone before me who made you feel...You know...”

“Does it really matter?” Rimmer asked.

“No. I would just like to know what you’re thinking, that’s all.”

“Well...Yes. I suppose I still like women.”

“But you prefer men?”

“I prefer you. That’s not quite the same thing.”

“So, you’re not into other guys, then. Just me.”

“Not exactly...Other men are all very well and good – and so are other women. I just don’t care about any of them right now, because I’ve got you. Everything else is irrelevant.”

He gave Lister a long look; “Why so pedantic suddenly? What’s brought this on?”

“Well...I was talking to the guys and they were asking me all these questions... About you and me and why we got together; why I’d never dated a guy before you and how I could like women and men at the same time...And I didn’t know how to answer half of them. It just made me feel all confused. I mean, I’ve always thought that I was basically straight, you know? That you and me were...well, that we were nothing to do with gay or straight or anything else. We were just us. But when I really started to think about it, I suddenly wasn’t so sure anymore.”

“So, basically...After nearly a year of sleeping with another man, it’s suddenly hit you that - shock horror! – you might be gay?” Rimmer voice carried more than a hint of sarcasm.

“I know it sounds stupid,” Lister mumbled feebly, “But I’d always thought that women were my thing. And since I’ve been with you, they just don’t seem to interest me so much anymore. It’s like my whole mental landscape has started changing, man, and it’s...well, it’s a bit scary. I mean, doesn’t it ever bother you at all?”

Rimmer sighed and pulled him closer, “I was right, you know. You really do have trouble letting things go. Lister, when I realised I was in love with you, I was terrified. I didn’t know what to do, what to think; anything. All my feelings were so new and scary. But I faced it, and I dealt with it; and once I realised just how good it could be between us, I wasn’t afraid anymore. I knew this was right and all the other baggage could go hang. So, no, it doesn’t bother me. I’m not saying it never did, but it doesn’t now. I don’t let it. Neither should you. Don’t worry about what you felt then, or how you think you ought to feel now. Just accept what you are feeling and let it be.”

“Like the song?” Lister smiled.

“Just like the song,” Rimmer agreed, “Let it be. Stop analyzing everything, for smeg’s sake. You know what the old definition of the word ‘gay’ was?”

“No.”

“It meant being happy, joyful and carefree. Be gay, Listy. Forget the hang-ups and just be gay.”

“Good advice.”

“I know. Now let’s go to sleep, hmmm?”