And yet, somehow, they did. Through the two amber gems I had a control over these women that should in any sensibly assembled universe be impossible. And I wasn't about to let go of that.
"No," Kirsty bleated. "No, please... don't come anywhere near me. Just stay away... please..." She was trying to burrow through the rec room wall backwards, again, but I had the feeling she'd turn dangerous if Janet kept on going. I got a drink out of the machine using money from Kirsty's purse and sat back down to watch.
Janet stopped short, though, and I could see tears welling in her eyes. "But... I thought... can't we at least talk about this? Please, Kirsty. I love you. I need you. I couldn't go on if you let me go, not after this. Not now I know. I'll do anything... absolutely anything you want... just..."
Her voice trailed off, emotion heavy within. Kirsty was shaking her head in fear, eyes wide with panic.
"STAY AWAY FROM ME!!" she screamed. "I mean it! You... you're not even human, you pervert!" She'd clearly snapped. "You disgust me. How you can do what you do..."
"But you did it too!" Janet burst out, sobbing now. "You made the first move, like I never even dared to dream you would! And now you... you..." she broke down completely, giving herself to tears, collapsing into a foetal bundle on the floor, curled up in defence against the cruel world. I relented, and decided to have Kirsty relieve the tension. Leaving Leanne still asleep on the floor, undisturbed by the screeches of her fellow slaves, I said "Kirsty, you are not homophobic. Like Leanne and Janet, you are comfortable in and rejoice in your bisexuality. Like them you revere me as the epitome of male perfection, but you also revere the two women in this room as the height of female beauty and sexual attractiveness. You can't just sit there and look at Janet in such a depression without wanting to cheer her up in the only way you know how." I decided to play with their memories for the first time, too. "You know nothing of Janet's woes save that you are responsible for them somehow. Janet, you do not remember any of Kirsty's actions after she stopped servicing you. As far as you are concerned, your woes are only that she stopped before you came and I have forbidden you from finishing the job, though you are just on the cusp..." I smiled. "However, I have not said that someone else cannot bring you off, merely that you cannot do it yourself."
Another soft duet of "yes, master" and Kirsty straightened up uncertainly.
"Janet?" she asked softly. "Janet, I'm sorry," she said, taking a worried step forward.
At those words, Janet's head emerged partially from the bundle on the floor, eyes already bloodshot with weeping. The sobs began to slow, as if in anticipation; but did not stop, as if Janet feared it to be a trick. And at that slight sign of encouragement, Kirsty ran toward her and crouched down beside her, one hand cradling her back and one stroking her arm. Kirsty buried her head in Janet's neck, wrapping her arms around the forlorn woman and rocking her gently from side to side. Janet's sniffles slowly dried up and her arms held Kirsty in return.
I walked closer to them, sipping my Sprite idly. I was enjoying this, and I did want to see how it turned out. Like watching a soap, really. Well, a very explicit soap.
"What's wrong, Janet? What did I do? Just tell me and... and I promise I'll put it right, no matter what." Corny dialogue; getting more like a soap by the second.
"I-" she broke off, with the last of her sniffles overwhelming her- "I need you to bring me off."
"What? Why can't you do it yourself?" Kirsty asked, staring at her in surprise; but her hand already reaching down.
"Master has told me not to."
"Ahh... don't worry, Janet; I'll finish the job for you," she breathed into Janet's ear, tongue tickling it. Then she bent further around and kissed Janet as her hand worked feverishly.
Janet came screaming within seconds. I took another mouthful of Sprite and grinned. "I think that will do for now, girls. Janet, you feel so sleepy... so very sleepy... you are fast asleep."
"Yes, master." And with that, her eyes slipped shut and she suddenly fell limp and unmoving.
With only Kirsty still conscious, I picked up her purse and went through it for her cash cards. Finding one, I pulled it out and smiled. "What's your PIN number, Kirsty?"
"4528, master."
"Good girl. Now," I said, slipping a small voice-activated dictaphone into her purse, out of her sight, "I'm going into town, and I'm going to spend some of this money you so kindly donated to me. While I'm doing that - Leanne, wake up now - you're going to have a heart to heart with your childhood friend and trusted confidante Leanne. You'll both be unable to resist talking in the frankest terms about how you feel about being my slavegirls, how you really feel now you have been altered and how the old you would have felt. You'll confide your deepest fantasies and loathings to each other, safe in the knowledge that I'll never find out." I bought them each a cup of coffee from the machine, using Kirsty's money. "You will do this over these cups of coffee, and you will not cease conversing until I return, whereupon you will stop, fearful that I would put your fears into practice. You will not remember having been given these orders."
Another duet of "yes, master" followed me out of the room. I walked into the main part of town, as I had said I would, and I bought a couple of books I'd wanted and some videos and CDs with Kirsty's savings. After all, they were mine to do with as I wished. She'd said so herself. I considered buying a camcorder and having Janet and Kirsty repeat their scene, but I decided against it. There would be time enough to do that with my own camcorder in the fortnight we had.
Then I went to a cafe I liked in town and had lunch, since it was about time. I drew it out as long as I could; there was a three-hour tape in the dictaphone and I was sure the two women would fill it if given the opportunity. And then we should have fun. I had found when I first enslaved a woman - a woman I have since released from my servitude; I decided a long time ago that permanent enslavement was wrong. She has been conditioned since to remember her time at my command with fondness, but not to seek such a role again unless it was in her original makeup. In any case, I have digressed.
I had found when I first enslaved her that her fantasies were different to my own, but in many cases as enjoyable. I now make it a point to check them. In this case, I was also interested to see how Leanne's views had changed since her first enslavement.
After a relaxed plate of steak and chips I wandered back into the office, smiling at the receptionist on the way in. She stopped me.
"Is Miss Higson working all lunchtime, then?"
"Who? Oh, Kirsty?" What a stupid bloody surname... "Yeah, she said something like that. She's behind on her work and she wants to relax for the next couple of weeks."
The receptionist laughed. "She not done this before? Oh, by the way, why did Leanne and Janet come in?"
"Don't ask me, they just did. They're talking about hanging round the rec room for the next couple of weeks." May as well lay the groundwork...
"God. Do they have no social life or something?"
"Well, I couldn't say." I grinned; that was really as good as saying 'no, they don't', but I'd avoided saying it. In any case, they wouldn't be offended. "I just work here, y'know? Wouldn't catch me socialising with this lot. But don't tell them I said that; I like being alive."
She smiled at that. "Coward."
"Yeah, probably, but a happy coward, so don't spoil it." I grinned, and walked past. This little bit of badinage always serves to lubricate social relations. I went on up the stairs and climbed up to the rec room.
Conversation stopped immediately and Leanne and Kirsty looked nervously at me.
I smiled at them and walked over to where Kirsty's purse stood. I pulled the dictaphone out and rewound the tape, then I played it.
Leanne's voice started the conversation.
"...He does this every time, you know. He'll be taping this conversation, and he'll give us our fantasies and one or two of our terrors. Even though we weren't told to have this conversation. Master knows we're having it. and He's taping it."
"Whoa. Then it's probably not a good idea to talk honestly."
"No. But the thing is, we will. We'll tell him everything. We'll tell each other everything. We won't be able to stop ourselves."
"We-we won't? Are you sure he didn't tell us to do this?"
"Absolutely. I don't remember it, do you?"
"Well, no."
"Then he didn't. It'll just happen." She sighed in resignation. "We have to accept it and go with the flow."
"We don't have to do anything!"
"Except obey master."
"Obviously."
A pause followed, signalled on the tape by a click. Then Kirsty said "You know, I really hope he doesn't want to fuck my butt."
Leanne laughed. "I agree. I hoped that, too, on the first tape. He'd told me to make the first tape, told me it was a confidential diary. Well, actually I was talking to myself, I thought, but I was utterly honest, you know? I mean, I just couldn't not tell the truth. And I had to tell all of it."
"So... did he?"
"No. When he got to that bit on the tape he laughed and said he's not into that kind of thing. Said he preferred my other hole."
Kirsty laughed. "That's a relief. What did he do to you?"
"Everything I ever dreamed a man would do to me. The same way he'll act for you. And a couple of my nightmares, only they didn't feel that way when they happened. He made me love doing them."
"Whoa." Kirsty's voice sounded faraway for a moment. "In that case, I bet I could even cope with him taking me up the arse."
"Not going to happen," I said. She smiled apologetically. I was tempted to wipe that smile off her face, and did. "Unless I decide to set Leanne on you with a dildo." Her face fell. I motioned for silence and returned to the tape...
"Anyway, this tape's for you. It's you who he's going to spend most of the two weeks having fun with. And it's you who he really wants information from. C'mon, what would you really like him to do?"
"Well..."
"You're being shy. We both know that won't last. C'mon, girl, just tell him."
"He's never going to do it. But I'd like, even for just half an hour, to think I was in control, that I was giving the orders. Even if I wasn't. I kinda liked him before this. I'd like a chance to do it properly, with a seduction and everything."
"Is that in addition to getting to control me for a bit?" I asked. She bit her lip and considered, then nodded. "If... I mean..."
"Never mind," I said, and returned my attention to the tape. Leanne was reacting to Kirsty's ideas.
"You've got some good ideas there. I wish I'd had those."
"Why, what did you ask for?"
"Nothing special. I was mildly interested in a couple of games of dress-up, but beyond that I never had any specific interests in sex. Just the straightforward stuff."
"Whoa. So what did you worry about?"
"Other women. I was terrified he'd enslave someone else and make us go together. And like I said, I wasn't too keen on being fucked up my backside. But he didn't."
"And when you came in, practically the first thing you did was jump on me."
"Like I said, he makes you enjoy even what you feared."
"Well... I honestly don't know what to say. I mean, what SHOULD I think about someone changing the way I feel about things, if he changes them so that more things become pleasurable?"
"It's a tricky one, all right. Best not to think about it. Just accept that it's happened, and he's at least generous enough to make sure you enjoy yourself. Even if it is against your will."
"Yeah..." she said vaguely. "But... I don't know... I might have tried it if he'd just asked, instead. And I wish he'd let me let my hair down."
"Maybe he likes it in a bun."
"Maybe."
"Well, in any case, it's his decision. We're his now. His to do with as he will. Hey, I just remembered. He never asked; what do you think of having to play with us?"
"I don't think I'd have liked it before. I fooled around a bit in university because one of the girls I shared a house with for the last two years was gay, and she persuaded me to try it when I was drunk. It was OK, but I preferred men. Now... Well, I prefer master, but I absolutely loved it. Except what he made me do with Janet. And looking back on that now, i enjoyed it."
"Sounds like you've adapted the way you're supposed to."
The tape went on for some time, detailing only my successes and failings as a lover. I was pleased to find that, overall, they felt they'd have enjoyed it before their enslavement. And of course it had been the greatest thrill of their lives now they were under the amber spell.
I turned the tape off and said "Well, that was very interesting, Kirsty. Although your sheer straightforwardness towards sex means we haven't learned much. But we'll try you in control next, and then tomorrow we'll have a real office seduction. Do you want to set that in motion yourself, or shall I?"
I grinned and waited for an answer.