The Reunion at the Sanders
by One time writer

Sherrie is beautiful woman. She never fails to turn 
heads. is a living doll. She is petite at about 5'-5" 
tall with full firm 36C breasts and a beautiful heart-
shaped ass. Her face is beautiful with full lips and an 
impish smile framing perfect white teeth. She has large 
oval shaped blue eyes that hypnotize me and most other 
straight men. She has highlighted brown hair that 
shimmers 
in the light. At thirty, she is four years younger than 
I am. She is an avid runner a beautiful tight butt with 
slender muscular legs. 

When I first met her, she was a virgin and quite prude. 
While at graduate school, there were numerous attempts 
by her male classmates to get her to lighten up. They 
often pretended that they were trying to help her fit 
in. In reality they were trying to see how far they 
could get her to push it. For example, her favorite 
blouse was a white sheer chemise that clearly showed 
her conservative bra underneath. 

One night while dancing with her classmates, Jim 
commented that you just don't wear a bra with a shirt 
like that. Sherrie wanting to fit in, went to the 
bathroom and took it off. All of the men ogled her 
newly freed breasts but none let on that she was really 
giving them a show. She had no idea that she was 
essentially naked from the waist up. 

She did notice how the shirts movement tended to turn 
her on. Everyone went home in a group so at her door, 
Jim walked her to her door and gave her a quick good 
night peck. It started innocently enough. Sherrie had 
never kissed a black man. He started slowly but did not 
back off with the quick kiss as everyone else had 
always done. As he slowly kissed her lips, he slid his 
hand up her slender back and pulled her toward him. 

In doing so, he pulled just close enough so that her 
nipples grazed his shirt. It sent shivers up her spine. 
She wasn't sure what to do so she let him continue to 
kiss her. She felt like it was probably okay since she 
heard that everyone did it. He gently slipped his right 
hand inside the back of her blouse through the gap 
between the buttons. The feel of his hand on her naked 
back was electric. 

Before she even knew what had happened, he had gently 
unbuttoned one of the buttons and slid his entire hand 
into the back of her shirt. He didn't want to scare her 
off but he slowly let his hand move around her back to 
gently cup her naked breast in his hand. For small 
breasts, they were quite full and he felt its full 
weight in his finger tips. She finally came to her 
senses and pushed away. She was blushing profusely but 
there was no denying that she was very turned on. Jim 
just pretended that nothing had happened.

When I came into the picture, she was consistently 
going without a bra because she just assumed that was 
what they did in the fashionable big city. To take 
advantage of the situation, I made sure to always give 
her the sheerest blouses that I could find. When she 
would express concern over their flimsiness, I just 
told her that that was how all of the really fine high 
cost shirts were made. I loved to watch her dance with 
her male classmates. There were all snickering in a 
lustful way at her ignorance of what a show she was 
giving. 

After a while, I used the same approach to discuss her 
panty lines with her. She was shocked that I had 
noticed. I mentioned that everyone these days was going 
with thong panties (it was actually considered very 
racy back then). I barely knew her but ended up buying 
her the most sheer and sexy thongs that I could find in 
the Fredricks' catalogue. The timid med student was 
becoming quite and exhibitionist without even know it. 

One summer, we knew were scheduled to join the Sanders 
for a small party. They were our neighbors and had 
become quite good friends. We had done this numerous 
times and it was actually quite boring. This night was 
actually different. Sherrie's ex crush from graduate 
school was going to be there. She didn't want to let on 
to me but she still had a huge attraction to him and 
wanted to look good. 

Knowing this, I decided to see if I could push her a 
little further on her outfit for the evening. Although 
our youngest child was almost one year old, Sherrie was 
still nursing her. As a result, her breasts were large 
and full. I found that her nipples were pressed out 
more due to the fullness of her breasts. As a result, 
there were very sensitive. I told her that I wanted to 
help her pick out her outfit so that she could look her 
best tonight. 

As a matter of fact, I had actually bought her a new 
miniskirt for the evening. I had actually found the 
skirt in a swimsuit catalog. It was very short and 
quite sheer. The skirt was designed to be worn over a 
bathing suite. It had actually been on clearance 
because is was a little too risqué for the general 
population. 

I picked out a cotton top which hugged every inch of 
her voluptuous torso. As she tried on the skirt, I 
noted that it was very beautiful but it actually showed 
her thong underwear (which was very hot!). After 
pondering, I said, let's try it withought the 
underwear, nobody will know." She frowned but after a 
little prodding, she slipped of the small undergarment. 

I said to turn around so I could make sure that it 
looked okay. Every inch of her beautiful ass was 
accentuated and presented for the eye to see. I could 
see the cleft of her heart shaped butt clearly 
displayed through the flimsy garment. It's fine, you 
can't see anything. - I lied. 

In the front, the skirt was merely inches below her 
beautiful pussy. It was one of the most erotic outfits 
I had ever seen. Here was my modest wife innocently 
displaying the beautiful lower half of her body. I 
shook my head, you know, I can kind of see your 
privates. I have an idea, let's shave it so that it 
won't stand out so much. It's actually quite common. 

She didn't realize that it was every man's dream to 
lick and kiss a cleanly shaved pussy. She had never 
heard of it but again, I was able to convince her to 
let me do it. I took the warm water and razor and 
gently shaved her pussy completely. As I finished it 
off, I wiped her with a warm towel. Unbeknownst to her, 
I was actually rubbing her clitoris and really 
stimulating her. 

All the while, I just pretended that I was cleaning it 
up. Her tight lips started to spread wider as I rubbed 
the cloth back and forth. I could see her glistening 
pussy trying to hug the towel. Just as she was 
approaching an orgasm, I stopped the cleanup and had 
her slip the skirt back on. Her fare complexion was 
very flushed.

I almost came on the spot. She was the sexiest woman 
that I had ever seen. Her small frame was outlined in a 
skin tight blouse and skirt. Her nipples where 
protruding prominently and I could clearly make our her 
mons beneath the sheer skirt. Topping it all off was a 
pair of knock out four inch heels that tied up her calf 
accentuating her trim beautiful legs. It was amazingly 
exciting to know that I was taking my wife over to see 
her graduate school sweetheart with this outfit and a 
wet pussy. 

Her tits jiggled very prominently as she walked and I 
could tell she was subconscious about it so I suggested 
that she wear her black blazer over the top. The blazer 
actually helped to hide quite a bit. It was still 
erotic for me to know that she would have essentially 
nothing underneath. I though it would be our little 
secret.

We tucked the girls in bed and gave the baby to the 
sitter and off we went. Actually it was only a few 
steps across the street. As we arrived, we were a 
little surprised at how many people there were at their 
small house. The weather was warm and most of the 
people were outside gathering on the Sanders new patio. 
Because Jim works in sales at a radio station, he tends 
to have a lot of friends. 

Some are a little rougher around the edges than others. 
Everyone seemed very friendly. We new a couple of 
people but most were strangers. There was an open bar 
and a DJ to provide the entertainment. I was enjoying 
watching all of the men ogle Sherrie. Because it was a 
little dark, it was difficult to tell that she had on 
such a risqué outfit. Sherrie is really a light weight 
when it comes to liquor and after a couple of drinks 
she was really starting to lighten up. 

When two of the men starting flirting with her right in 
front of me, I was surprised to see her respond back. 
Nothing serious, it was all in good fun. Then, Fred 
walked in with his friend Larry. I noticed it first and 
watched Sherries face carefully to see how she would 
react. It was obvious immediately that she was still 
very attracted to him. 

He greeted a number of people and ended up next to us. 
I introduced myself first and he was very friendly. As 
he spoke to Sherrie, it was also very clear that he had 
a few sparks going himself. We chatted for a while 
talking about the kids, jobs etc. Fred and Larry had 
just returned from Europe where they were taking a year 
to enjoy the world while making a little money modeling 
in Milan. 

After a while, I noticed Larry focusing on Sherrie's 
butt, then after looking her up and down, he focused 
directly where her legs joined in the front. He leaned 
over and whispered something into Fred's ear and he 
soon was also focusing in the same spot. At first 
Sherrie was oblivious to what was happening then she 
caught on. We were all admiring my wife's freshly 
shaved pussy right here in the middle of the party. Of 
course everyone pretended that nothing was happening. I 
wanted to watch Sherrie squirm so I mentioned that I 
had to hit the restroom. 

After finding a hidden area in the crowd, I watched the 
action. They were smiling and laughing and I could tell 
they had made what looked like complimentary remarks 
because I noted that she started to blush and pull her 
jacket down. As she did this, she also lowered the top 
of the jacket to expose her barely covered nipples. I 
had a huge hard-on at this point. 

They were clearly enjoying making her squirm and she 
was getting flustered. I knew deep down that she was 
still glowing from her unsatisfied stimulation that we 
had back at the house. As the sun went down completely, 
Fred asked Sherrie to dance. They danced to a number of 
70s songs. I noticed that he kept trying to get her to 
squat as part of a dance move here and there. It was 
clear to me he was trying to fully expose her bald 
pussy. 

Sherrie had no idea of his intentions and kept pulling 
him back up. Little did she know that whenever he went 
down, he was afforded a nice view. Larry also stepped 
in a number of times. After much persistence, he even 
got her to bend her knees and he bent lower. Even from 
the distance, I could see her beautiful labia part as 
she went down. I couldn't believe that this was all 
happening in plain view. However, because it was so 
crowded, no one seemed to notice. Larry was also not 
discrete about staring right at the spot. Ironically, 
everyone was still pretending that nothing was 
happening. 

I eventually rejoined the group and joined right back 
in the conversation. I eventually took Sherrie out on 
the dance floor. As a slow number started, I reached 
under her jacket to fondle the smooth material covering 
her ass. Out of the corned of my eye, I spotted Larry 
and Fred watching us intensely. 

Without Sherrie knowing, I slowly spun us around so 
that her back was facing the pair. Very subtly and 
without her knowing, I gently tugged the back of her 
mini skirt up so that the bottom of her ass was showing 
and her labia were exposes to the night air. I then 
pressed my leg between hers until my pants leg rested 
against her surprising hot pussy. It was so wet that it 
left a mark on my pants. The combination of the 
alcohol, the music and the two hunks hitting on her had 
really turned her on. 

We all decided to sit down at a table inside the large 
house to relax for a while. I made it a point to 
meander over to the large round table and sat on the 
far side. The table was made of clear glass so I could 
clearly see everyone's legs under the table. It was 
actually a card table that John Sanders used for our 
weekly poker games. 

It was kind of tucked away in an area of the house that 
was easy to get to but off the beaten path so it was 
only the four of us present. As Sherrie sat down, Fred 
and Larry sat down on each side of her. The chairs were 
fairly spread out so it didn't seem uncomfortable at 
all. Fred mentioned that Sherrie looked even better 
than she did in Medical school. She blushed and tried 
to change the subject. When she gets tipsy, she gets a 
little silly but she was fairly quite and reserved at 
this point. 

I suggested, "hey, let's play some card games and talk 
for a little while. We have to go home soon anyway". I 
did this as a ploy to help Sherrie to let her guard 
down. If she knew that we would be leaving soon, she 
wouldn't feel so uncomfortable with Fred's advances. I 
noticed that whoever was speaking with her took a while 
so that the other could steal glances at her body. 

After playing a little with the chips on the table, 
Sherrie was starting to really relax. Then I mentioned 
that we only had a few minutes. Kind of as a joke, I 
said, "hey lets play strip poker for the last hand or 
two". I reminded Sherrie that if she lost she could 
just take off her jacket. She was so relaxed that she 
forgot about the shirt that she was wearing. Well, I 
lost the first hand so I took off my light sweater. 

We all laughed and I kept playing seemingly forgetting 
about the "it's the last hand" promise. Well the other 
guys lost the next few hands so we were all having fun. 
Then, Sherrie lost her first hand. I asked Fred to help 
Sherrie with her jacket. As she removed it, her breast 
swung from side to side. Her nipples were quite swollen 
from the earlier excitement. 

We were all smart enough to not make a big deal about 
her near nudity. Before she could react, I dealt the 
next hand. Fred lost and had to take off his shirt. He 
was pretty well built and I noticed that Sherrie was 
starting to look a little flustered. Sherrie lost the 
next hand. She had forgotten to stop after her jacket 
and she only had her shoes, skirt and shirt on. Of 
course the shoes came off. Fred and Larry each took one 
foot. and had a great view as they slowly unwrapped the 
straps on her calves. She was trying to keep her legs 
together but they gently and subtelly pulled them 
slightly apart. I saw her beautiful pussy split 
slightly from my view through the table top.

She was clearly getting nervous but I didn’t' give her 
a chance to react before I dealt the next hand. I made 
sure that the guys each lost a hand for a while. Then 
the magic moment came. Sherrie lost again. I tried to 
say it was no big deal. Honey, just take off the top. 
She got really nervous and looked like a trapped 
animal. So I suggested that if she just gave each of 
the guys a kiss that she could keep her shirt on. We 
could see everything anyway. 

First Fred kissed her neck then moved to her lips. She 
was really starting to get turned on. Then as she 
kissed Larry, he put his hand on her bare leg only 
inches below her bald pussy. When if came to my turn, I 
gave her a major French kiss and slowly slid my hand up 
her leg as she remained seated in the chair. While her 
eyes were closed, I slid my hand up until it rested on 
her slick pussy. I gently teased her clit a little 
before stopping. 

She was really getting flushed. After she lost the next 
hand, I told her that the top had to come off. She 
didn't know what to do she looked at each off us to see 
if I was serious. When she saw that she had no choice, 
she reluctantly pulled off the flimsy garment. Again 
her breasts wiggled clumsily as she pulled it off. Her 
wonderful nipples instantly hardened in the new 
exposure. In order to not scare her off, we all played 
it down and tried not to stare at her beautiful white 
breasts. 

Here we were at our neighbor's party, in a room with 
two single men and my poor wife sitting in only a sheer 
micro mini skirt. In order to really appreciate the 
moment, I took my time with shuffling the cards. We 
went back and forth for a while then Sherrie lost 
again. She said that there was no way that she would 
take off her skirt. Instead of insisting, I calmly said 
that she didn't have to, we could just go back to 
giving a kiss instead. I said that there was one 
caveat. 

This time, one of the men would kiss her breast while 
the other kissed her mouth. She squirmed for a while 
then quietly said okay as long as it was short. I said 
that I would time it for two minutes. I told Fred to 
start the kiss on the mouth. As she was kissing him, 
Larry lowered his head and started to gently kiss her 
right nipple. He took her large breast in both hands 
and gently squished it so that the nipple would stick 
out to its fullest extent. 

At first it was gentle then he slowly increased his 
squeeze until his knuckles were white from the 
pressure. His fingers sank into the full flesh of her 
juicy tit meat. Right before the time expired; Larry 
had moved to bighting and roughly sucking all around 
her distended nipple. 

As I called time, there was a loud smacking sound as 
Larry released her nipple. Sherrie was very nervous at 
this point. Her face was flushed and her right nipple 
was bright red and glistening. It stood in stark 
contrast to the soft pink of the left nipple. It was 
starting to become clear that this was becoming more 
than a mere poker game. 

I said, "Honey, we need to get going. But it would be 
really unfair to just leave these two guys like this 
after all of this teasing." She looked puzzled and 
asked me what I meant by that. I said, adult males need 
some sort of release after seeing someone as beautiful 
as you almost naked. Fred politely said that he agreed. 
Larry said he did too but that they would probably be 
okay. I could tell that Sherrie, in her altered lustful 
and inebriated state felt guilty. She asked what we 
should do. 

I said, look, we're probably not ever going to see 
these guys again and no one will ever know what 
happened here so why don't you satisfy them by giving 
them what is known of as a quickie. What is that she 
asked? I said that it was a way to make love that was 
not really the same because it was fairly quick and not 
with one that you love. 

At first she looked hurt. But after a long moment of 
hesitation, I couldn't believe it when she said okay. 
Before she could change her mind, Larry lowered his 
pants and took out his penis. Even though he was a big 
guy, his dick was abnormally large. She looked like a 
scared animal. 

But, it was at a point of no return. As he sat there, 
we guided Sherrie to sit and impale herself on his 
member. She spread her legs but couldn't get high 
enough. We quickly put her sexy shoes on and lowered 
her until the crown nestled on he pussy. She all of a 
sudden came to her senses and wanted to flee. 
Fortunately, it was too late at this point. Larry was 
already three of his nine inches into her. The more she 
squirmed, the more she helplessly slid down his shaft. 
He grabbed her ass cheeks and roughly spread them as 
wide as they would go. He watched as her pussy slowly 
adjusted to his girth and length. 

She sat there afraid to move. His full nine inches were 
had fully pierced her tight pussy and was resting 
firmly against her cervix. Any movement she did simply 
pushed the intruding instrument deeper and deeper. 
Larry licked his hand and started to gently rub her 
clit. She was so turned on that she lost track of where 
she was or who was deeply imbedded in her pussy. 

We started to lift and drop her on his cock. You could 
see in her confused eyes that she was completely turned 
on. Larry brought her to the brink then moved back to 
her breasts. He was no longer being gentle. He was 
roughly squeezing her full breasts until she would 
gasp. Her arms were being held by Fred and I so she was 
completely defenseless. I motioned to Fred to move 
behind her. We could clearly see her little hairless 
anus thrusting up and down on Larry's cock. Fred saw 
what was the next step.

He used his fingers to slide some of her ample juices 
up and into her virgin crevice. Then he slowly slid his 
middle finger in. Sherrie tensed up and said, "no", 
"not there". Larry took this as a queue to roughly bite 
her left nipple until she was completely distracted. 
Before she knew what happening, Fred had three fingers 
completely impeded in her anus up to the knuckle. This 
was the wildest thing I had ever seen. It was as if I 
were in a trance watching an erotic dream unfold before 
my eyes. Only, this was really happening. Fortunately, 
no one from the party was around to spoil the fun. 

Fred slowly removed two of his fingers and gently slid 
the head of his moderate size penis into her now 
relaxed anus. At first, there was resistance. Then the 
head of his penis popped into the little orifice. 
Sherrie finally realized what was happening. Fred had 
place the head of his penis into her ass. She couldn't 
move because of how she was impaled on Larry. Fred 
slowly but persistently pushed forward until he was all 
the way in. She was completely skewered from both 
sides. Before she could panic, I came over and gently 
comforted Sherrie and let her know that the quickie was 
almost over and not to worry. 

At this point, the two men went into a full motion of 
pistoning back and forth her body and tits were flying 
back and forth in rapid succession. Then, with out 
warning, Larry gasped and blew his full load into her 
tight pussy fully bathing her battered cervix. Fred 
came shortly thereafter. Sherrie had come so many 
times, that I had lost count. Before Sherrie could 
catch her breath, two men withdrew their penises. As 
Fred came out, there was an audible pop as his unit 
exited her tight anus.

We worked quickly to get everyone dressed and back into 
a presentable manner. We simply walked back to the 
party as if nothing had happened. Fred and Larry gave 
her a cordial kiss on the forehead and said a warm 
farewell. I had a few more dances with Sherrie knowing 
full well that there cum was starting to escape from 
her two holes. I pretended that nothing major had 
happened and we said a polite good bye to the Sanders 
and walked home. I don't think she really realized what 
had happened until days later. After we got home, she 
and had one of the wildest nights of good fashioned old 
marital sex. But that's a different story.

END
