Saturday Night
by Biker

Contents: Mf, spanking, humiliation


As was always the case, Jenny was both nervous and excited about what was 
soon to take place.  The sun was starting to set on what had been a very 
pleasant Saturday.  However, Saturday night meant "spanking night" for her! 

She had had the day to herself as her live-in boyfriend, Steve, had been 
off running errands.  So, she was able to get some leftover housework done 
and also prepared his favorite meal.  When all was just perfect, she went 
upstairs to begin her preparation ritual. 

Just as she was getting ready for the shower, she had heard him come in and 
yell out that he was home.  After her shower, she cleaned her nails, plucked 
her eyebrows and shaved her underarms as well as her entire body below her 
waist.  She knew that Steve loved to see her hairless body. 

Inspecting her naked body in the mirror and satisfied that all was in order, 
Jenny slipped into her white silk panties and donned her large cotton robe.  
She was now ready for the "presentation". 

Hesitating, Jenny reflected back on how it all began... 

Jenny had been a "closet submissive" as far back as she can remember.  
Growing up, she often fantasized about being taken by a dominate man.  Most 
of her fantasies revolved around humiliation and forced sex.  Many times, 
while necking with a date, Jenny wished that he would just force his will 
on her while she struggled to protect herself. 

But, alas, no one ever attempted to go further once she began struggling 
with them and telling the "No!".  None of them understood that if had just 
said "No!" back and continued on, they would have been pleasantly surprised 
in how fast she would have become an obedient slave. 

No one, that is, until she met Steve.  Jenny had just graduated from 
Nursing school and at 24 years old, ready to tackle life on her own.  She 
had met Steve in a bar that her and her girlfriends frequented.  From the 
moment she met him, she knew there was something special about him; she 
didn't know what. 

They agreed to meet the next night and ended up at Jenny's apartment.  After 
drinking a glass of wine, Steve began kissing her.  In no time at all, his 
hands were inside her shirt and giving her breasts and hard nipples quite a 
workout.  Jenny did not resist, but allowed him to unfasten her bra to gain 
better access at his quest. 

Soon, Steve pulled back and told her to remove her top.  Once again, Jenny 
didn't resist and complied.  As soon as her breasts were free, Steve began 
alternately sucking on her nipples; extending them to their maximum size. 

Jenny was now getting hot and she could feel her pussy starting to juice.  
Steve sensed it as well as his hands now strayed to her lap where they 
promptly began searching her hidden clit.  Not wanting to be considered a 
slut by giving in so easily on a first date, Jenny told him "No!" and 
pushed his hands away. 

Without saying a word, Steve grasped both of Jenny's hands with his powerful 
left hand and dug his right hand back into her damp crotch.  Jenny kept 
telling him "No!" but her pleas fell on deaf ears.  As she struggled to get 
away, he rolled her over and onto his lap where he began spanking her 
defenseless ass.  Jenny screamed and begged him to stop, but he would not. 

After several minutes, he stopped just long enough to unfasten her jeans 
and pull them down to her knees.  Jenny was shocked as her naked ass was now 
on display.  Squeezing her legs tightly together to prevent him from seeing 
her sex, she regretted not wearing any panties that night! 

She felt his hand touch her butt and as he massaged her red cheeks, Jenny 
blushed knowing that she could not prevent him from seeing all she had to 
offer.  And, worse yet, she knew her pussy was wet and that it would just be 
a matter of time before he did as well. 

Jenny began struggling again, trying to free herself from his mighty grip.  
This prompted Steve to begin again.  Once again, Jenny screamed and cried 
out as his blows landed sharply on her sore ass. 

The spanking continued for a full five minutes; stopping only long enough 
for him to find an untouched spot.  Jenny finally quit struggling.  In 
addition to being completely wore out, she was also beginning to feel some 
new feelings inside her.  It took her several minutes to realize that he 
had stopped spanking her.  The new pleasures had caused her to begin slowly 
hunching his leg, pushing against his hard erection. 

Suddenly aware that he had stopped the spanking, Jenny looked back over her 
shoulder to see that he had moved his head closer to her ass and appeared 
to be examining her sex.  Jenny had never felt so humilated being held down 
while her pussy was being displayed.  When she began to protest, Steve 
responded with two more slaps to her very red and sore ass.  Helpless to 
prevent it, Jenny cried softly with embarassment as Steve continued his exam. 

Steve let go of her hands and while spreading her ass cheeks with one hand, 
he began inserting his fingers into her steamy pussy.  Although free now, 
Jenny continued to lay over his lap as he probed her wetness.  As he fucked 
three fingers into her pussy, Jenny began moaning and moving with him. 

As she felt her orgasm approach, her moans got louder and her movements more 
urgent.  Just as she was ready to hit her peak, he abruptly removed his 
fingers and started spanking her again.  Jenny howled with disappointment 
but moved with him, pushing her ass out to him as his blows landed.  She 
heard him chuckle as he spanked her and she felt so ashamed allowing herself 
to be used this way yet loving every minute of it. 

After several minutes, the spanking stopped and once again, Jenny felt her 
ass being pulled open.  Much to her delight, he fingers returned to her 
pussy.  Reaching under her, he found and pinched her hard clit between his 
thumb and finger.  As he worked his fingers deeper and deeper into her, he 
continued to torment her clit with his other hand.  It didn't take long and 
soon, she was fucking his hand for all she was worth.  The pressure was 
building and building and she knew it would explode soon into the biggest 
orgasm she had ever had. 

As she rode the wave of her orgasm, Steve would pull his hand out and slap 
her ass a couple of times and then roughly return it to her pussy.  Jenny 
fought to delay her cumming, wanting it to last forever.  But, just she 
felt her clit being twisted, she tensed and gave in that huge urge to pee.  
As her body was wracked with wave afer wave of her orgasm, she cried out in 
ecstasy.  Steve held his fingers deep inside her and squeezed tightly on 
her clit as her body trembled and twitched. 

Jenny almost passed out with pleasure.  Never had she felt anything like 
that before.  As she slowly rose off his lap, she turned and kissed him 
passionately.  As they kissed, Steve pushed her jeans off her feet and laid 
her down on her back.  Then, without a word, he slid down between her legs 
and began lapping at her abundant juices.  For the next half hour, he 
brought her to countless orgasms with his talented tongue and probing 
fingers. 

Finally, she could take no more and pushed him away.  Her pussy was so 
sensitive that just the slightest toch caused her to begin shuddering.  As 
he poured them another glass of wine, Jenny began to dress.  But, Steve 
stopped her and told her he wanted her to remain naked.  Feeling herself 
begin to blush, Jenny complied and sat, legs crossed, to drink her wine.  
Reaching down, her pulled her legs apart and told her to keep her pussy on 
display for him.  Now, she was beginning to feel the humiliation of it all 
again.  And, once again, those feelings were creeping back in. 

They talked for the next hour about many things, including their new 
relationship and how he perceived it would be.  Jenny blushed constantly 
as his eyes moved from her's to her open pussy and back.  He then stood and 
removed his clothes.  She saw his hard cock standing out proudly for the 
first time.  As he walked toward her, she stared into his eyes as she opened 
her mouth wide; knowing that was what he wanted.

As she moved a hand up to grasp his cock, he slapped it away and entered her 
mouth.  Slowly, but deliberately, he fucked her; each thrust pushing deeper 
into her mouth.  When he reached the back of her throat, she began to gag.  
Pulling back slightly, he gave her time to recompose herself and then 
pushed forward again.  Each time he entered her throat, Jenny would gag.

Suddenly, he pulled out and fisted his cock over her face.  A few pulls 
later, he erupted shooting his hot seed onto her face and into her open 
mouth.  Immediately, he pulled her to him and kissed her deeply, his tongue 
bringing in more of his spunk for her to swallow. 

At that moment, Jenny knew that this was her man; this was her master. 

And, now their relationship had evolved into this.  For six days a week, 
they led a normal life.  But, Saturday night's were his.  That's when he 
would let her know what she had done wrong over the past week.  Or, what 
she had forgotten to do; like the time she forgot to pick up his suit at 
the cleaners and he had to attend a big meeting in his casual clothes.  Or, 
the time she ran her car out of oil; not paying attention to the light on 
the dash.  Or, the time she forgot he was bringing guests home for dinner 
and had nothing fixed.  So, Saturday night was punishment night for Jenny! 

It always started off with the "presentation".  Jenny was always required 
to wear her white, silk panties and her terrycloth robe.  He would remove 
the robe as she stood before him and he would proceed to carefully inspect 
her.  This was always humiliating and always got her arousal started!  Then 
he would discuss with her what she was going to be spanked for.  She could 
state her objections or explanations, but in the end, it didn't matter; he 
always won anyway. 

Then, the first spanking would begin.  This was always done with her panties 
on.  Of course, she would scream and struggle, but he would hold her down 
and spank her until she thought she couldn't take any more.  Then, a quick 
stand-up to remove the panties and, once again, back across his lap for the 
second half of the hand spanking.  He would always vary this one as she 
never knew exactly where is blows would land.  He would spank her anywhere 
from the top of her cheeks to the back of her thighs and everywhere in 
between.  Occassionally, he would lift one of her legs and spank directly 
onto her bare pussy.  This part of the spanking was always very painful and 
Jenny constantly fought to escape his grip.  But, try as she might, he was
 always too powerful for her. 

At some point, he would stop and release her.  Jenny would always jump up 
and hop around trying to soothe her burning ass or legs.  As she cried and 
tried to rub away the pain, he would sit back and smile; watching her 
breasts bounce or catching an eyeful of her privates as she rubbed and 
pulled on herself.  She felt ashamed displaying herself like that, but not 
enough to try and cover up.  When she finally calmed down, the humiliation 
would set in as she was always forced to sit with her legs spread in order 
to display her pussy. 

Steve would then talk softly to her making sure she understood about her 
punishment.  Then, he would take her into his arms and begin the process 
of bringing her to orgasm.  This was the part she liked best even though 
it was rather embarassing for her.

Sometimes, he liked to watch as she played with herself.  As he slowly 
stroked his hard cock, his eyes would focus on the movement of her pussy.  
She would blush with embarassment knowing he was watching her private 
ritual, but she knew she must continue.  After awhile, he would take 
over.  He would make her hold her pussy lips open while he fucked his 
fingers in and out.  Or, make her hold her ass cheeks spread wide so he 
had access to her tiny asshole.  It didn't take long and Jenny would be 
starting her first of many orgasms. 

This was a typical Saturday night.  However, every once in awhile, when she 
had been extremely bad, the punishment would take on a part three!  One 
those occassions, after he had brought her several orgasms, Steve would 
make her stand in front of him with her legs spread and her hands above her 
head.  As he proceeded to tell her about why she had more punishment coming, 
he casually played with her asshole, pussy, breasts and nipples.  Sometimes, 
he would open her mouth and shove three fingers in and make her suck them.

Once he was assured of her arousal, he then attached her leather wrist 
straps, ankle straps and neck strap.  Then, he would lead her to their large 
overstuffed chair, the dining table or other such piece of furniture where 
he would tie her down using ropes attached to all of leather straps.  
Usually, she was tied bent over with face down and legs spread wide apart.  
However, sometimes her arms were tied to the ceiling and her legs tied wide 
apart.

And, occassionally, he would tie her down face up!  Those were the times she 
dreaded because when her legs were tied and spread, she was helpless in 
preventing him from abusing her gaping pussy. 

Jenny knew that these "extras" would always be the most painful and the most 
humiliating.  And, she always fought extra hard trying to escape before he 
could get her tied down.  However, Steve enjoyed this and was always glad to 
give her an extra swat or two to make her settle down.  Sometimes, the slaps 
would land on one of her dangling breasts, sometimes on her exposed ass.  
But eventually, he would have her tied down tightly so that she was barely 
able to move at all. 

Satisfied that she was unable to move, he would always begin by teasing 
her.  His would move his fingers all over her body, carressing, squeezing, 
pinching, pulling, probing.  Then, he would select his implement of pain.  
Sometimes, it would be the large wooden paddle; or the wide leather strap; 
or maybe the "cat"; or even, the dreaded cane.  Unless she was tied to the 
ceiling, her head was always strapped down, making it impossible for Jenny 
to see what he had selected.  He usually gave her a clue though,  by 
rubbing it across her exposed pussy and clit.  This always made her blush 
because she knew he was looking directly at her helpless pussy.  If she was 
tied to the ceiling with her arms overhead, he would blindfold her to she 
could not see what he had chosen. 

Then, he would begin! 

Although it hurt tremendously, Jenny always hoped for the paddle as he only 
used it on her ass.  But, he would make up for it as her ass would be black 
and blue by the time he finished.  If he selected the strap, most of the 
blows fell on her ass as well.  However, he would occassionly let it wander 
down the back of her thigh or even between her legs!  If he chose the "cat", 
Jenny knew that he would not leave much of her helpless body untouched!  

And, on those nights when he chose the cane, she knew her ass, legs, pussy 
and breasts would be sore the next day! 

Regardless of what he chose, Jenny would feel the pain.  She was surprised 
that their neighbors hadn't called the police several times as she knew 
they must have heard her screaming.  But, as she endured the pain, she also 
felt the fire ignite inside the center of her pussy and begin to spread 
outward.  So, by the time he felt she was sufficiently marked, she was more 
than ready for the orgasm to follow. 

Once he stopped, he immediately begin fingering her sopping pussy while 
pinching and pulling on her nipples and clit.  And, it usually didn't take 
long for him to force the first orgasm out of her.  The shame and 
humiliation of being forced to cum over and over again on his fingers, just 
excited her that much more. 

At this point, he would get undressed and replace his fingers with his hard 
cock; whether it be her pussy, asshole or mouth.  And, he would always cum 
twice before he released her from her bonds, making sure that she also 
enjoyed at least one more orgasm. 

Afterwards, he would untie her and help her to sit down.  Then, he would 
fetch a warm wash cloth and a soothing balm that he applied gently to her 
bruised areas.  Then, he would hold her tightly until she dropped off into 
a deep sleep.  After carrying her to bed, he would always clean up whatever 
mess they made. 

So, here she was; ready to participate in "his" night.  After one final 
look in the mirror, Jenny descended the stairs to the living room where he 
sat waiting patiently.  She walked to where he was seated, faced him and 
removed her robe.  Then, without being told, she spread her legs apart and 
placed her hands behind her head. 

"Yes, very nice, Jenny dear.  But, I'm afraid that you haven't been all that 
good this week!  Yes, I do believe we need another special session tonight, 
heh?" he chuckled as his fingered toyed gently with her nipples. 

Jenny immediately began defending herself, but inside she all ready what the 
outcome would be.  In fact, her pussy had started to moisten as his first 
words.  Looks like it will be a long night for poor Jenny! 


