Back Seat Show-Off
by Otazel

Back Seat Show-Off Ch. 02

Erin goes back to the car park, but with a minder.

Erin sat in the coffee shop staring at the cappuccino standing before her and feeling thoroughly pissed off. Jason, her boyfriend, had supposedly gone to stay with his sister for a few days, but now she had received a 'Dear Jane' informing her that he was dumping her and moving in permanently with the girl he was actually visiting. What an arsehole!

But, she admitted wryly to herself, she couldn't throw too many stones. While he was bunking up with his new girlfriend she had also cheated on him in a big way by driving to a nearby car park and displaying herself to anyone who cared to look, and then letting several strange men fuck the daylights out of her. It had been the biggest buzz of her young life and she wriggled a little in embarrassed remembrance, realising with a jolt that there was now nothing to stop her doing exactly the same again anytime she wanted.

Not that she expected that she would. She had thought only afterwards of the risks she had taken. Not the risks of disease or pregnancy - nineteen year old girls don't often consider such things and anyway she was on the pill, but the risk of physical violence, or even abduction. She wanted to, God how she wanted to, but she didn't dare risk it again.

"May I join you?"

The voice dragged her back into the real world. She looked up to see a man standing with his hand resting hopefully on the back of the chair opposite.

"Yes, of course."

A quick glance around showed her that the coffee shop had filled up since she had come in and her table was one of only a couple with vacant seats. She smiled at him, taking the opportunity to look him up and down. He was quite a bit older than her, maybe late forties or early fifties, shaven headed and wearing the ordinary working clothes of sweat shirt, jeans and workboots. He was returning the appraisal, and disconcertingly openly, smiling at her as his gaze ran over her face and figure.

"You don't remember me, do you?" He asked after a brief pause.

"Should I?" She asked, wary of an obvious pick-up line.

"I think you should." He paused and a knowing grin spread across his face. "After all, I was fucking you only a few nights ago."

She stared at him open mouthed while her face did the traffic lights of shock and shame, settling on the bright red of pure embarrassment.

"Oh, my God! The car-park!"

He must have been one of the strangers she had invited to take her. She hadn't considered the possibility of being recognised afterwards.

"Don't worry; I'm not going to spread it around."

"Thank you." She whispered, not knowing what else to say.

She lowered her eyes, unable to look him in the face knowing that he had seen so much of her and that she had been the receptacle for his spunk. Bizarrely, her pussy was responding to the idea and she wriggled a little in her seat.

"Did you enjoy it?"

There was no point in denying it, her responses at the time would only have made a liar of her. She glanced furtively around to make sure nobody was listening before answering.

"All of it." She nodded defiantly.

"Are you going there again?"

She smiled inwardly. He was obviously looking for a second chance to fuck her, and if truth be told she wouldn't actually mind. She fancied older, rougher, men. But she'd already dismissed the idea of another session as too dicey.

"No." She shook her head.

"Shame." His disappointment was almost tangible. "Why not, if you enjoyed it?"

"Too much of a risk." She told him.

He nodded sagely and they both lapsed into silence.

"Thank you for that other time, though." He said after a minute or two.

"My pleasure."

She giggled when she realised how appropriate the time worn response truly was.

There was another pause during which he looked as though he had something to say, but didn't know how, and she thought about how much she had enjoyed allowing herself to be used by any man who wanted, including her coffee companion. Which one was he, she asked herself, trying hard to place him among the group of men milling around her car that Saturday night.

"Would you do it again if it was safe?" He asked suddenly.

The memory of last time was making her pussy wet, so again a denial would be an outright lie.

"Yes." She answered simply, looking him directly in the eye and almost daring him to find it wrong of her.

"What about if there was someone there just to take care of you?"

He seemed to be thinking as he was speaking, vocalising thoughts as they came into his mind. The question sparked her interest.

"How do you mean?"

"Well, what if I was there to make sure you were all right?"

"Perhaps. But what would you get out of it?"

She was surprised with herself for actually considering the possibility.

"Two things." He told her, looking at her with unconcealed sexual longing. "First, I get the thrill of watching you get shagged, but secondly I'd also want a session with you, on my own and in private."

She thought about his offer for several long minutes, weighing up her urges against her risks. She was very conscious of her nipples hardening and her pussy lubricating as she thought it over and became more and more turned on by the idea. In the end there was no getting away from it, she wanted to be on display and used once more, and she also fancied this man sitting opposite her. He was her type of man, a man's man, older and coarser than her ex-boyfriend and more likely to be adventurous and demanding in bed.

"All right then. Yes."

"Yes?"

"Yes." She looked away briefly as she made her decision and then back at him. "And you can have me today, right now, if you want."

He looked at her hard, as if checking that she meant it. She did.

"Okay. My place or yours?"

"I don't have a place, I live with my parents."

"Mine then."

They stood up together and left their half finished drinks on the table. As they left the coffee house he placed a possessive hand on her shoulder and she felt strangely reassured by it. Up to that moment she had been wondering if he was to be trusted or if she might be jumping from frying pan to fire, but that simple touch took away her fears.

It never occurred to Erin to use her car, she simply followed him to his, knowing that she would return and collect her own car later. He cleared the front seat of a newspaper and assorted sweet wrappers and she climbed in beside him.

"It's not far." He told her, pulling out into the traffic. "By the way, my name's ..."

"No! Don't tell me, I don't want to know." She interrupted him. Somehow anonymity was important to the adventure.

"Okay, then I won't ask yours." He frowned a little as he spoke, but it was more from puzzlement than annoyance.

Traffic was light and driving needed little concentration, even so they drove along in silence, neither really knowing what to say. But then, after a mile or so the man put his hand on Erin's leg. Not tentatively or timidly, but unhesitatingly, as if it was within his rights to do so, which as far as Erin was concerned it was. His hand rested for a moment on the skirt of her summer dress, before he ran it down to the knee and then up, pushing the dress out of the way and caressing her bare thigh. She shivered from the sensation, leaning her leg out towards him a little as proof of her consent.

He fondled her leg continuously, removing his hand only when it was needed for the driving controls and then returning it to the soft firmness of her thigh. Neither of them spoke, she opened her legs to let him go wherever he wanted and he stroked her thigh from knee to tantalisingly close to her crotch, leaving her wanting and waiting, until eventually they turned into the drive of a modest semi detached.

"Here we are." He told her, jumping out and walking towards the door, leaving Erin to follow.

The door opened and he stood to one side, ushering her through. In front of her was a hall with a flight of stairs leading upwards.

"Coffee before or after?"

"After."

"Top of the stairs then, first door on the right."

He had made no effort to make her feel at home, he had just pointed to where he wanted her, and she felt perversely encouraged by his direct manner. If he said something was to be so, then it was so.

It was a typically masculine bedroom, devoid of frills and slightly untidy with a couple of cast off shirts on the floor waiting for their journey to the laundry basket. But it was clean enough and reassuringly normal, Erin thought as she looked around.

She heard feet on the stairs and the man entered the bedroom, the look on his face reflecting his anticipation.

"Ready?" He asked her.

She nodded a silent yes and stood waiting for some indication of what he wanted. He walked over, put his hands on her shoulders and turned her around to face away from him.

The zip on the back of her dress came down with a single extended buzz and she felt that first kick of excitement as it was pushed from her shoulders to pool around her feet. Hard, calloused fingers fumbled for a moment with her bra strap, and then she was stripped to the waist, only her little cotton briefs away from total nakedness. His hands cupped her breasts from behind and she leaned back against him, surrendering herself to him as he rolled her nipples briefly between his fingers.

His hands went back to her shoulders and he stood her away from him again, making her stand literally on her own two feet as he ran his palms lightly down her arms until they could move over to her hips. He held her momentarily, his fingers gripping the slight projection of her hip bones. She had the impression that he was holding her away from himself to look her up and down, assessing what he saw.

Then his fingers were insinuating themselves into the waistband of her panties and pushing them down. She stepped from them, totally nude, her heart thumping and her breath becoming staccato with expectation. He pushed her lightly in the direction of the bed, more guidance than propulsion.

"Go and lie down. And let me see you."

She knew what he wanted. She laid herself down with her feet towards him and then slowly and deliberately opened her legs, revealing her already puffy wet pussy to his view. Excitement pulsed through her as she exhibited herself, the defiance of society's rules making her high with arousal.

"More."

She hooked her hands behind her knees and pulled back her legs, showing him every little bit of her, wishing for some reason that there had been a mirror in front of her so that she could see what he could see.

"Touch yourself."

His instructions were terse and to the point, just the way she wanted them. Still holding her legs back, her knees almost against her shoulders, she ran her hands down the back of her thighs and onto her bottom until she could feel the outside of her pussy lips touching the tips of her fingers. Her heart was pounding and the very beginnings of a climax were already lurking inside her pelvis.

She tried to reach into herself from both sides, but young and lithe though she was, she couldn't quite make any meaningful penetration of her slit from that angle and so she just pulled her lips apart to make sure that her observer got the very best view of her wide open pussy. She gazed up at him, taking delight in the fact that she was naked and vulnerable before him while he was still dressed in work clothes, only the bulge in the front of his jeans an acknowledgment of her existence.

"Play with it. I want to see you cum."

That, she thought, was not going to be difficult. Taking her right hand around to the front she twisted slightly, allowing the first two fingers of her remaining left hand to reach into her pussy, pushing them up inside her vagina. She gazed up at him and then reached between her legs with her free hand and began massaging her clit, both hands now busy at her sex, working her towards that first orgasm. He stared back at her, his own arousal and need clear on his face even though he was yet to make any sexual move.

She could clearly hear the little wet sounds of her fingers thrusting in and out of her tunnel, their unambiguous portrayal of her enjoyment only adding to her pleasure. She rubbed her clit, massaging the little button, making it stand out from under its hood, wanting the man to know how hot she was, how much fun she was getting from her own actions, and how soon she would do as he wanted and cum before his eyes. He just stood in front of her and stared, his eyes flitting from her pussy to her face.

Her orgasm came suddenly, almost catching her by surprise, exploding through her in one elongated wave of superheated pleasure that rolled on and on in peaks and troughs, making her shake and jerk puppet like, and bringing long moaning cries of beautiful anguish from her lips. She looked straight into his eyes as she came, watching him staring at her, taking even more pleasure in the naked animal lust that she saw there, lust that she herself had planted. She revelled in the power of her young female body over an older, stronger man.

Afterwards she lay helpless, panting and trembling, her legs flopping back onto the bed, spent and lifeless. One hand lay beside her and the other draped over her pussy until she took it away, still wanting him to see her engorged clit and the sopping wetness of her vagina. She ran her palm over her belly and breasts, feeling a sheen of orgasmic sweat on her heaving chest.

Suddenly she felt his weight on the edge of the bed as he unlaced his boots. He was undressing, getting ready to give her the fucking that he had implicitly promised her. She thrilled at the notion, her mind ready, even if her body was still recovering from her self induced climax.

He proved to be very hirsute, his body hair ginger, belying his brown eyebrows, with just the beginnings of a belly and padded hips, and one nipple ring. His uncut cock was long, thick, and upwardly curved, just what Erin needed at that moment. She held out her arms to welcome him into her embrace, her legs kept wide for his use.

He manoeuvred himself into position, lying down on top of her, his cock entering her gaping pussy without any need for guidance. She sighed as it slid deep into her, welcoming his invasion. He grunted in satisfaction, one hand reaching for her breast to maul and knead it and his mouth clamping over hers for his tongue to force a way between her lips.

His fucking was short, sharp and hard, almost brutal, seemingly without any regard for her pleasure or satisfaction. Even so, she came again, crying out as his cock stabbed into her with his own climax flooding her pussy with cum. It seemed strange, fucking him for what seemed to her to be the first time, and yet knowing at the same time that he had filled her with his spunk once before.

She hoped it would not be the last time, because although she liked to be made love to romantically at times, his actions were confirming a need within her to sometimes be simply fucked, taken and used, an object of gratification. He had awakened in her the submissive side that she had not understood. Now she looked forward even more to the night when, under his guidance and protection, she would make herself available a second time for use by strangers.

There was not long to wait; for only a few evenings later she was climbing excitedly into his work van, complete with it's plumber's logo and rooftop pipe rack, en route for that same car park where she had performed before. He had cleared the interior of his tools and supplies and installed an air bed to make it more comfortable, but it was still a rough and battered work area smelling of oil and dirt, and so carried, she thought, just the right ambience for a slut.

Once again she sat next to him on the long front seat, and once again he slid his hand up and down her leg as they drove along, the feel of his work-worn palm on her thigh turning her on before they had even got there. He pulled up just short of the car park entrance.

"You sure about this?" He asked her.

"I'm sure."

She nodded agreement even though her mouth was dry and her heart was racing from an overload of adrenalin. She wasn't very sure, but she was sure enough. He turned in through the entrance and found a spot in the heart of the short row of cars that were already in place.

"Okay?" He asked, checking for the final time that this was truly what she wanted.

"Okay." She confirmed, a little breathlessly and with a crooked smile on her lips.

"Are you ready now?"

"Christ - am I ever."

He ran his hand along her thigh, this time all the way to the top, his finger insinuating its way under her panties and finding her warm wet slit.

"I wanted to be the first man to touch you tonight." He explained, pushing his finger into her and making her take a sharp breath at his forceful penetration.

He fingered her briefly as if to be sure of her arousal.

"Right, climb into the back and strip off. Then when you're ready I'll open the doors and switch the light on. And don't worry; I'll make sure you're all right. Like I said, if I hear you say 'no' to anyone, I'll make sure it stays 'no'."

Erin nodded, reassured for her safety but still frightened inside for what she was about to do. Safety mesh prevented her from scrambling over into the back of the van, so she slipped quietly out of the passenger door and back in through the side cargo door, adrenalin pumping in her ears. For a moment she sat there in the dark composing herself, making sure that she had the courage as well as the urge to carry on, and then quickly and quietly she slipped out of her clothes and lay down, the cover of the air bed cold on her skin. Again she lay still for a moment, then slowly her legs fell apart and, licking her lips in anticipation, she reached between them to find her clit.

Her pussy was already wide and wet, and her clit hard and proud, sticking out from under its hood waiting for her attentions. With two fingers she stroked up and down her slit, feeling how slippery she was and letting her fingertips flick at her clit when they reached the top of each stroke. Meanwhile her other hand had found its way to her breast, kneading her flesh and tugging at her nipple, increasing her arousal all the time.

"Can you make sure there's someone ready and watching when the doors go open?" She called through the wire.

"Okay." His voice sounded puzzled. "You want an audience in place for when I put you on show, is that it?"

His saying it out loud sent a shiver through her being. Part of the reason was that she would feel stupid getting up the nerve to show herself off only to find nobody watching, but she also wanted it to be theatrical, with her spectators in their seats and she already on stage when the curtains went back. She shuffled her bottom closer to the door, pulling her feet wide and back to give any potential audience the best view she could. "Yes, please." A shiver of delight ran through her and her fingertips danced over her pussy. "But please only open the doors when I'm ready, if that's okay?"

"Just say the word."

She heard the driver's door open and felt the vehicle rock slightly as he climbed out, leaving her thinking how thrilling it was to be naked and alone in a strange van in a strange car park, two flimsy metal doors the only things separating her from anyone who wanted to do all kinds of things to her. The thoughts sent more little shivers through her, and she pushed her fingers deep into her pussy, pretending to herself that it was someone else, a complete stranger, doing it.

She wondered to herself who would have her tonight, whose cock would fill her with spunk? Not that the identity mattered - what she wanted was to have at least a couple of anonymous cocks invading her tonight. She didn't want to know who owned the cocks, so long as they could use them.


Although... As she played with herself she remembered that first time, years ago, when she and her boyfriend had been spied upon by an old down-and-out in the woods, and what a thrill that had been. Maybe it would be nice to be fucked by someone she wouldn't normally desire -- someone like that old man in the woods. Then she'd want to see her lover and know exactly who was servicing her. Strange how she wanted to debase herself like that - maybe that was the root of her exhibitionism? She shivered with perverse pleasure and rammed her fingers deeper inside her pussy, aware of the first hopeful stirrings of a possible orgasm.

Outside, beyond the doors, she heard muted voices approach as her minder collected an audience. She shivered again as adrenalin levels rose, and a nervous giggle escaped from her lips. This was going to be it again. She was all set to be the star attraction of her own little display.

She pulled her fingers from inside herself, satisfied that she was wet enough, and began rubbing her fingers in tight little circles over the nub of her clit. She wanted a climax to be definitely on its way before the doors were opened, her body already showing the signs of irreversible arousal. She would show everyone what a wanton and sexy woman she could be. It was a shame that Jason couldn't be here to see just what he was missing.

Suddenly she giggled as the thought flashed through her mind that maybe he was there, standing behind the closed door waiting to see the girl inside revealed. How would he react to seeing her there, in all her naked glory, letting anyone and everyone do all kinds of sexy things to her? She wouldn't let him touch her though, he would be excluded, serve him right. Her budding orgasm went from the possible to the probable with those thoughts.

"Are you ready?" Her minder was getting impatient.

"Nearly." Her voice sounded tight, strangled with her need.

Was she ready? Could she do it? Could she let everyone see her again, touch her again, maybe fuck her again. Her head was spinning with fear and excitement, but her heart thumped 'yes' and she drew a deep breath.

"Now! Do it now." She shouted.

The doors rattled before first one and then the other were swung wide, squeaking and banging, the interior light coming on automatically, shining in her face, blinding her night-adjusted eyes for the moment. It was a stronger light than she expected, but it was his work light she realised in the back of her mind as she blinked and strained to make out if anyone was there.

The downward cast of the light hid faces, but Erin could make out four -- no, five -- pairs of legs, all denim clad, standing in a dim semi circle around her, one pair by the doors the rest directly in front of her. Her heart pounded wildly. If that one pair belonged to her companion, then that meant that four anonymous strangers could see her sex-inflamed pussy, four men gazing at her very private parts and four men watching her masturbate. She heard whoops and whistles of approval as her fingertips flew over the end of her clitoris, feeding the heat that was spreading inside her.

"Go for it, girl!"

The anonymous encouragement made her smile as she peered at the shadowy figures, automatically trying to make them out and see who had spoken even though her fantasy needed them to remain faceless. She didn't want to know who they were; just that they represented her kind of men, unsophisticated working men prepared watch her with open approval and even participation, and the rough voice and the jeans said it all. Erin was satisfied, things were going her way, and her first orgasm was building in her pelvis.

Two more figures approached across the car park, attracted by the light spilling from the open doors. She saw that one was a woman, the sight making her waver for a moment before a mental shrug of her shoulders let her continue. If another woman wanted to watch her cum, then so what? Mentally she hung a metaphorical 'all welcome' sign above her, and pushed her two fingers back deep into her passage in defiance, the incursion making her grunt in urgent delight.

"I'm going to cum soon. Who wants to see me cum?"

She gasped out the words as her pelvis began to lift from the air bed, no longer the shy little girl of the last time, especially now she had a man to protect her. There was a small chorus of replies, all affirmative - but then she had never expected anyone to say no. She pushed her fingers in deep, wriggling them inside of her and rubbing the heel of her hand on her clit.

"Soon." She gasped, feeling herself teetering on the edge.

She thought about the woman watching her. Did she masturbate this same way and was she getting the same kick out of seeing Erin, as she was in letting herself be seen? She didn't know and she didn't really care, the pressure valve suddenly blew and she groaned loudly, her hips jerking madly in time to the waves of ecstasy that poured through her body.

She squeezed her eyes closed, unable to do otherwise, and imagined the little row of faces staring at her pulsating pussy, wondering if they could see it tightening rhythmically around her fingers.

Eventually the spasms subsided and came to a sluggish end, the last ripples like a tiny stone in the pool of her being, so that she finally lay back, letting her knees fall far apart and her hand slide from a very wet pussy to rest limply over her slit. She opened her eyes, staring unseeing into the darkness, her chest heaving, heart pounding and her muscles trembling, gasping occasionally as minute aftershocks ran through her.

"That looked like a fucking good one."

She nodded at the unseen spokesman, licking her lips to try and reply.

"It was." She managed finally.

"Is your cunt wet now?" The same voice asked.

She moved her fingers over the slick rivulet that ran from her 'cunt'. She'd never thought of her pussy as a 'cunt', but in the uninhibited sexual context of the situation, it seemed the right word to use.

"Yes, my cunt is very wet." She panted, getting an extra thrill from her use of the word.

"Show us then." A different, harsher voice.

Erin removed her hand, hesitated for a moment and then used both to pull her labia apart, revealing the shining wet red flesh of her pussy, remembering as she did so that another woman was watching her and feeling fleetingly self-conscious of her action.

"God, I could just lap her up." The third voice was deeper but not so gruff.

"Go ahead, you can if you want to."

This was her guardian, offering her body to the speaker as if it was his to offer. Her head shot around in surprise, intent on objecting. But even as she started to open her mouth, she knew that she didn't mind. In fact oral sex would be nice right then, something to get her even more in the mood for a fuck.

"Yes, do it." She consented. "Lick my cunt." That word again.

A figure detached itself from the little group and moved forward, into the light. The man looked to be in his late thirties, dark, mediterranean good looks and thick black stubble, his dark eyes pools of inscrutability hidden under heavy eyebrows. He knelt behind the van and just in front of Erin, moving forward to fold her legs back out of his way and make her pussy accessible.

The first touch of his tongue on her wet slit and Erin knew she was going to enjoy him. He ran the tip up and down its length, waggling it back and forth, tasting her and investigating her, no uncertainty, and no hesitation. Then it was as if, having found his way around her pussy, his actions became more specific, the tip of his tongue exploring the entrance to her vagina, pushing in and running around just inside her tunnel. She closed her eyes and surrendered to him, her hands gripping the edges of her air bed, enjoying his tongue and listening to the animated calls of her audience egging him on.

For the first minute or two his tongue probed her depths, dipping in and out of her, his mouth pressed flat onto her pussy to let him push as far up her as he could, but then he changed and began to lick her in long sweeping strokes along the whole length of her cleft, flicking her clit with the end of his tongue before plunging down to flatten his tongue on the sensitive skin between vagina and anus. Erin was in pure heaven, holding onto her bed, as this strange swarthy man went down on her, her legs still held folded right back almost alongside her shoulders. Her breathing was fast and shallow, punctuated with tiny gasps and groans as he carried her along the road to her next orgasm.

He couldn't help but realise that he was bringing Erin closer and closer to her second climax, and he changed tactics once again to help her to cum. Now he clamped his mouth fully over her clit, flicking it up and down, and back and forth with his tongue tip. She let out little mewls of pleasure, her eyes screwed shut, her pelvis twitching with tiny involuntary jerks, just waiting for another orgasm to engulf her.

It did not take long. With her eyes closed she could picture her audience more clearly than in reality, and she imagined the faces behind the noises she could hear, seeing in her head the grins of approval, the wide eyed jealous stares of men who wanted to touch her. She smiled inwardly, deliriously happy at the effect she knew she was having on the others and overwhelmed by the pleasure induced by this man's tongue. Her body trembled as all her muscles suddenly tensed and then it was there, her climax ripped through her, wave after wave of unadulterated power pulsing out from the centre at her clit, each one making her call out, jolting and shuddering each time, her partner trying to hold her still and keep his tongue pressed onto her until her orgasm had run its course.

"Do you want to fuck her now?"

Her minder offered her body to the man kneeling between her legs as soon as he looked up from her pussy, expecting her to submit to his wishes. She was both irritated at his arrogance and thrilled by the thought of being an object to be given away. The man didn't answer directly, but he moved in closer, leaning over her and reaching back to the fly in his jeans.

She held her own legs back now, wanting what she knew was coming, thrilled when she heard the buzz of his descending zip and felt him fumble around, seeking to free his erection. The tip of his cock found her entrance and she froze, waiting in excited anticipation for him to enter her.

"That's it, fuck her."

The man didn't need the anonymous encouragement; he pushed forward and slid his cock deep into her, making her gasp with pleasure. She looked up into his face, half hidden in shadows, able just make out his half open mouth and bright shining eyes, the lack of identity adding to her thrill.

"Don't hold back." She whispered, glad that the dim light hid her blushes. "I want your spunk."

In the darkness he nodded wordlessly and began a solid thrusting rhythm, sliding deeply into her before pulling almost all the way out. She wrapped her legs around him and clutched at his shoulders, the texture of his clothing rough against her naked skin. His mouth found hers and he kissed her, forcing his tongue between her lips to probe her mouth, the thrusts of his tongue matching those of his cock and adding to her enjoyment.

Soon his efforts made him break off the kiss, his breathing becoming too hard to allow it, and he gasped into her neck as his thrusts became more and more urgent and irregular. In the background she could hear her spectators calling out lewd encouragement, telling him how hard to fuck her and urging him on, wanting him to go harder, deeper, and faster. But he was now on the build-up to his climax and even if he heard them he was certainly unable to take any notice, his cock was already plunging in and out of her as fast as he could do it. Even so, she found an extra buzz from hearing the bawdy comments, knowing that they were about her and her partner and nobody else. It was like being the star of her very own porn show, and she loved it.

When it came his climax was short and disappointingly quiet. She wanted to feel him ram himself at her, pushing repeatedly and violently into her body, but instead he just paused at the top of his final stroke and held himself rigid, grunting and twitching as his cock poured his cum into her. Then, when it was over he levered himself off and staggered away, leaving her with her legs wide and her leaking pussy still on show. It wasn't enough and the frustration must have showed on her face.

"Do you want another?" Her minder asked.

She looked across at him, nodding assent and then rolled over onto her hands and knees, moving a little further into the van to allow room for someone to kneel behind her.

"Whoever wants me, can have me." She told him loud enough for everyone to hear, settling herself ready to be taken.

"Come on, you heard, you don't need an invite." He announced. "She just wants a good fucking." He'd got that right.

"Are you going to join her, Rosie?" A voice asked suddenly, throwing Erin into momentary confusion.

"Not this time, Steve. It's her time tonight." It was the woman among the onlookers who answered.

Someone wanted a choice of pussy, but the woman's voice was firm, definite. She was intent on remaining a spectator, and the man fell silent.

Erin waited. One man wasn't nearly enough. Her pussy was throbbing from her need to be taken, to be used and filled with cum. Then she heard a shuffling at the rear and the floor rocked as someone climbed in to kneel behind her, and she smiled with lascivious expectation.

Her new partner didn't immediately start to fuck her, but instead she felt his fingers on her skin, seeking her pussy, exploring her opening, creeping inside and then pushing deeply into her so that two of his fingers were soon buried to the hilt inside her very wet vagina. She moaned loudly, making no attempt to disguise her pleasure, wanting to be sure that everyone present knew how much she was enjoying being fingered.

The unidentified man's fingers began to piston in and out of her, withdrawing until Erin was sure they were completely out and then ramming back into her as hard as they could. She tensed each time, sure that one time they would miss her entrance and slam into the soft delicate flesh of her pussy. But each time they were exactly on target and plunged easily straight along her tunnel until they could go no further. She could feel a climax brewing inside her.

"Oh God, don't stop. I think I'm going to cum."

The fingers began to twist and screw their way in and out of her, taking her to even greater heights and her orgasm became imminent.

"I'm going to cum. Yes, I'm going to cum." She announced suddenly, her voice high and breathless.

From behind her Erin could hear her audience encouraging her partner with restrained whoops of delight. She could feel herself writhing and squirming, pushing herself back onto the invading fingers and then moving forward, all the time getting nearer and nearer to cumming.

Then the man twisted his hand so that he plunged deep into her with his fingers hooked upwards and his thumb pushing against her anus - and stopped moving, instantly making her tense with expectant frustration. But he wasn't finished, he was only seeking Erin's 'G' spot, and less than a second later he'd found it and was rubbing and massaging with his hooked fingertips.

"Oh God, yes. Don't stop, I'm cumming right now."

She shouted her announcement, wanting to be sure that everyone knew, at the same time bouncing on her knees in an erotic jig over which she had no control. Her bottom danced up and down, but she couldn't help it and anyway it was brilliantly prolonging her climb to orgasm.

Her invisible partner pushed harder into her, pressing his thumb against her wet anus until, quite suddenly, the sphincter opened and his thumb popped in. She yelled out loud, firstly in erotic surprise and then in delight as the sensation triggered her orgasm and waves of pure bliss swept through her. She didn't try to hold back, she just let it happen and cried out her pleasure.

"Yeesss! Yeesss! I'm there! Oh my God that's so good, so fucking good."

When it was eventually over the man pulled away without a word and Erin was left, trembling from the ferocity of her climax but smiling with a new satisfaction. A man had touched her bottom once before, but never entered it like that, and she determined that when the opportunity arose she would try it in her arse all the way. Anal sex was added to her mental must do list.

Hands suddenly gripped at her hips, bringing her back to the present. Her partner wasn't finished yet, he had still to fuck her. She felt his cock slide over her skin and down between her legs, searching for her pussy, leaving a little wet trail of pre-cum as it went. The tip found its target and slipped inside her, sliding easily through her gaping wet entrance. He shuffled slightly forward, sliding a little deeper inside her in the process. Erin let out a tiny gasp and accepted him willingly, letting him push forward, burying himself full length in her grateful pussy. She realised with surprise that she could cum again, having sex with an unseen lover was so excruciatingly sexy that she could already feel the warm stirrings deep in her pelvis. Behind her she could still hear muted calls of encouragement and a low whistle of wonder as her audience watched the man take her.

At first his thrusts were long, slow, and hard, pulling right back and then driving himself deep inside her again, but then he began to pick up speed and she could hear his breathing coming faster. He, like her, was climbing towards his climax and she hoped against hope that they could cum together. She desperately wanted to feel him flood her with his cream just as she orgasmed, even though she wasn't sure how soon she could climax again.

He was soon fucking her even harder, plunging his cock into her and gasping and groaning each time. Every time he thrust into her she could hear the wet squelching sounds of her arousal and it was making her feel wonderfully sluttish. She groaned heavily at each thrust, knowing now that she would cum again and that it would be soon.

Harder and harder the man fucked her, plunging deep and fast into her, making her gasp and moan, her hands gripping tight to the edge of the airbed. Behind her she could hear men encouraging her lover, telling him to go at it harder, or faster, or to slap her, fuck her arse, anything seemed permissible as far as they were concerned.

She felt wonderfully free, all possibility of shame and embarrassment gone, sure of herself and gleefully conscious that she was putting on a show that was making everyone else both jealous and randy. She wanted this cock that was reaming her out, needed her public fucking and looked forward to feeling him cum inside her. There was nothing that could happen that she didn't want.

Her orgasm drew closer, the fire in her belly spreading through her body and down her legs, making her twitch and tremble as little warning jolts of pleasure passed through her. Every time his cock slammed into her pussy, her head went back with pleasure and she groaned loudly, holding nothing back, matching his noises so that everyone was aware of a rutting couple getting close to orgasm.

She felt his cock begin to jerk a little each time it plunged into her, the sensations building inside it as the man got closer to cumming. Then he rammed himself deep into her, his groan turning into a kind of gasping roar and she tensed, ready to feel his cum erupt into her and feeling her own climax on the very brink of it's own eruption. The dam burst and he shot his cum into her pussy. That was enough for Erin, her own orgasm exploded inside her, with wave after wave of pleasure ripping through her, synchronizing themselves with the man's short orgasmic thrusts and the torrents of cum that flooded her passage. She called out, her high breathless gasps of 'yes' almost drowned out by the man's incoherent cries.


Eventually his spurts grew weaker and his thrusts less and less forceful as his climax died, and Erin felt her own orgasm begin to lessen and finally to fade away to leave them as both trembling wrecks in the back of a plumber's van. For a few minutes there they both remained, wilted from the effects of their coupling until finally his softening cock slipped from her sodden pussy to lie against the back of her thigh, the wetness turning cold in the evening air. The man shivered, perhaps from drying sweat, and stood up, giving Erin's rump a gentle slap of mute gratitude before moving away, the van rocking suddenly as he dropped heavily from the back.

Erin shook a little from the sudden coolness of the air on her hot skin and she tried to look around, unable to resist trying to identify her lover, but she could glimpse nothing more than a pair of male feet, clad in ubiquitous trainers, moving out of sight into the darkness.

She turned her head back to gaze contentedly into the interior of the van, satisfied to feel cum trickling from her pussy and down the backs of her thighs. It was enough, and her minder seemed to sense it was enough, for without asking her he closed the doors, extinguishing the light and leaving her to lie exhausted and helpless in the dark.

