My loving Bhabhi

By: ISS


Hi friends, I am Vivek from Mumbai. I work as an accounts manager in a
small private firm. I am also a great fan of indian sex stories and have
always enjoyed reading the stories here. I also have some experiences
I've had in real life to share with you and these are not picked up
inspirations from the other stories here. These are real life experiences.

We are a middle class family living jointly in one flat. Parents have
their own room, whereas I share the same room with my elder brother and
bhabhi. He occasionally goes on tours for uncertain periods. I have
always had great respect for my bhaiya & bhabhi. Bhabhi has also always
been loving to me, but at times she would give me naughty looks as if
I'm too innocent or simple. Once as usual bhaiya had to go for a tour,
this time for almost a month or two.

Ever since he left, my bhabhi seemed to be feeling restless for the
first time. I asked her if anything was bothering her but she denied. So
I left the matter there. I did observe that her behaviour in the nights
were different from earlier. She always used to wear a nighty with an
overcoat. And while bhaiya was here she would still wear the overcoat
throughout the night. But recently I saw that she disposed the overcoat
before going to bed. Even during sleep her moves were very irresistible
for me. Like since it was a hot summer night she would let loose her
chaddar, after which her legs were exposed upto the knees. The skin of
her legs is very smooth and tempting. She would raise her knees
occasionally allowing her nighty alongwith her petticoat to rise further
up. I almost could not resist this sight, but was also confused as to
what to do about it. She and bhaiya used to sleep on the bed above and I
slept on the ground. One night in one such position, her left bare leg
lowered down to reach my thigh. I was not sure if this was an accidental
or deliberate move. So again I tried overlooking the matter.

Finally I could not bear it any longer. She had a doubtlessly sexy body.
Perfect dips and curves in the right places. Fresh medium size breasts,
slim waist, and well rounded ass. I decided to make the first big move
now. I started pretending to fall asleep by 11:30pm and then wake up by
1:30am by the time which she would be fast asleep, or so was my
judgement. Getting up at 1:30am, I approached her body for the first
time, terribly tensed. I lightly run my fingers through her sexy hair
just to find out if she was awake. She wasn't, so advanced towards her
neck following to her breasts. She was yet softly snoring, assuring that
she is asleep. My fingers finally landed on her nipples expecting the
texture of her bra. To my surprise there was no bra. This got me more
excited. The top of her nighty was with two strings hanging on the
shoulders, leaving the shoulders and upper chest bare. So I took the
opportunity to slip my fingers under the nighty to get a feel of her
nipples. But felt nervous about her waking up with such a sensation. And
so withdrew from that step. Later I headed for her legs.

The chaddar was only half over her, i.e. the opposite side, allowing me
to have a full view of her bare legs upto the knees. Now I knew I had
quite an effort to make to uncover her legs fully without her knowledge.
I gently discarded the chaddar completely. Now there was only her nighty
and petticoat to be worked upon. Inch by inch I kept raising them till I
could see her panties. What an accomplishment, I thought to myself. She
did seem to be softly snoring still, though by now I saw a little smile
of pleasure on her face. Whether she was aware and enjoying it or not,
it was not going to stop me. I could even see the elastic of her panty
now. Almost felt like ripping the panty out of desperation, but that
could wake her up. I ran my fingers to get a feel of her navel which was
deep.

Descending them down towards her lower lips, still over the panty.
Finally took pleasure of feeling her swell pussy. From the edge of the
panty I slowly pushed my middle finger to the centre of her pussy.
Another great accomplishment I believed to myself. I saw her smile on
the face was increasingly blissful. Now for the ultimate secret move. I
slowly inserted the finger deep into the juicy pussy. That's when she
expressed extreme orgasm, throwing her arms over her head. This made it
easier for me to slip the whole nighty off her body. That's when she
fully woke up, confused of what is happening. But she was enjoying it so
much that she gave in to me voluntarily. Upper body totally bare, she
decided to undo the petticoat strings, slipping it all down alongwith
the panty. Now here she was, a rare delicacy all for me to relish. She
landed into my chest throwing herself fully over my body. That's when
she got the feel of my thoroughly hardened dick. She on her own took the
pleasure of undoing my pyjamas and throwing them away.

Also hastily pulled off my t-shirt and started rubbing her face against
my hairy chest. All this was very encouraging for me. I too freely
squeezed her ass, spreading it with wide with all the vigour of my
hands. She groaned, suddenly attacking on my dick with her mouth so wet
and dripping. She gave me the most shockingly ecstatic blow job. Sucking
it hard or almost chewing it off. Now I too attacked her violently,
grabbing her by the armpits and throwing her into her own bed. Once
again she flung her arms over her head, as an invitation for the final
act. I squeezed her balls and entered her pussy in one vital thrust till
she begged for more. Kept knocking into the depths of it which seemed
infinite. Thanks to bhaiya for the preset preparations for such a
blissful moment, ha ha. By now our both bodies were burning furiously,
drenched in boiling sweat. I dominantly turned her body over to the
other side and fucked her numerously in the rear. I almost had to cover
her mouth to silence her screams asking for more. She was a total slave
then, yet enjoying it.

Similarly we carried on for all the following nights each time
progressing in our skills until bhaiya arrived, who has till date not
known anything about it. Bhabhi and I still enjoy such explorations
whenever bhaiya is away.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *7280* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2598>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2598>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2598>

