"Okay, where do we start?" Emily asked. They were gathered at the round table less than an hour later. Garcia had confirmed that it wasn't Hotch's voice on the 911 recording. After comparing it to the 911 calls made during the Reaper's peak of activity, she'd told them she was certain it was Foyet who had placed the call.

"There was that reporter," JJ said. "What was his name...Ray Colson. Hotch was friendly with him. He knows more about Foyet than anyone except Hotch."

"Good," Rossi said. "Call him. Get him down from Boston if you can."

"The eyes. Fate." Reid was fingering his lower lip. Derek recognized the expression on his face as the one the genius wore when he was mulling over things in his head that didn't quite connect for him yet. He would make the connection. Derek was sure of it.

"He didn't leave an eye at Hotch's apartment," Emily said.

"Why?" Derek said. "Does he not think this is fate? Maybe he recognizes this one as something personal."

"He left your gun," Reid pointed out. "He wouldn't do something careless like that by accident. He wanted us to know it was him."

"He's taunting us," Rossi said. "He's arrogant."

"Why?" Reid said. "Why would he taunt us?"

"He wants us to look for Hotch?" Emily suggested.

"Why didn't he just kill Hotch outright?" Reid said. A moment later he seemed to realize what he'd said, and a sick expression crossed his face. "Sorry, I meant--"

"No, it's a good question," Rossi broke in. He nodded to Spencer. "When we were in Boston, he killed Sergeant O'Mara. He didn't kill Morgan because Morgan was unconscious. He couldn't identify him. But that wasn't his motivation for not killing other people, was it? He usually killed in pairs--couples."

JJ's head jerked up from where she'd been making notes. "You think he'd go after Haley?" she asked.

Rossi looked grim. "I think there's a good possibility."

"I'll call her."

"I talked to them earlier," Rossi said. "I wanted to know exactly what Aaron had said to her and Jack. Turns out it wasn't much, just making sure Jack was doing okay, saying hi and he loved him, that sort of thing."

"Did you tell her she was in danger?" Derek asked.

"What kind of asshole do you think I am?" Rossi retorted. "Scratch that, I don't want to know. Of course I told her she was in danger. She said she and Jack would go stay with a friend."

Reid was nodding. "So we've eliminated his family as targets. You don't think Foyet would stay around here, do you? The other logical targets would be Hotch's brother or the team."

"I'll call Sean," JJ said, and Garcia sighed.

"Any other time, I'd be happy to volunteer for that job," she said, wiping away a tear that was slipping down her cheek. "Right now you couldn't give me a million dollars to do that."

Derek reached out and looped an arm around Garcia's shoulders, squeezing her gently. "Hey, we'll figure this out, baby girl," he said. "We'll find him." He hoped he was telling her the truth.

"What would he do with Hotch in the meantime?" Dave asked. "He would have to have a place to hold him."

"He's had plenty of time to plan it," Derek said. "He might not have had this exact plan in mind when he stole my gun and badge, but he's a smart guy, and he takes his time planning things out. Look at the way he had plans for all the federal prisons in Massachusetts already. He'd memorized ways to escape. He'll have an elaborate plan for Hotch."

Dave was nodding. "And he would have thought of some way to get to Haley."

"We ought to have people watching her house," Derek said. "Maybe find a blonde woman we can put in the house to make him think she doesn't know what's going on."

"Would he believe that?" JJ objected.

"If the divorce were hostile enough, yeah," Dave said. Derek thought he heard a world of regret in those words. Maybe he was just imagining it.

Garcia made an involuntary noise and Derek glanced over at her automatically. When she saw him looking she tried to close the laptop, but he stopped her.

"What is it, mama?"

The others turned to look, and Garcia gave him a miserable glance. "There's a record of someone accessing Hotch's address two weeks ago. It...was your badge number." She paused just long enough for a sick feeling to accumulate in the pit of Derek's stomach. "Your old badge number."

Derek wanted to punch something. He told himself it wouldn't help and it wouldn't make him feel better. He just clenched his fists, his jaw working as he tried to suppress the surge of rage those words caused. "Okay," he said finally. He knew his voice was tight, but he told himself he was under control. "Okay. Now we know how he got the information. Can you find out what else he learned while he was pretending to be me?"

"And while you're at it, find out what jackass didn't run the badge number when he was giving out sensitive information like an FBI unit chief's home address," Rossi said. His voice was hard, and Derek had the feeling someone was going to pay for that. Of course, Hotch seemed to be Rossi's closest friend.

"He got Derek's address too, sir," Garcia said, tapping away at her keyboard. "And yours."

"Just the three of us?" Rossi confirmed. She nodded.

"It makes sense," Reid pointed out. "You were the three he interacted with."

Dave nodded slowly. "Get me SWAT from Washington Field," he told JJ. "Emily, Derek and I are going to go check out Derek's house. It could be Foyet's trying to pin this whole thing on Derek."

JJ nodded and had her BlackBerry to her ear before Dave was done speaking.

"Reid, you get in touch with that reporter. Read his book. See what he had to say about Foyet, and what he can tell us that isn't in the book. Garcia, keep working on what Foyet might have done with Derek's badge number. See if you can find any ballistic reports that match Derek's Glock."

Derek and Emily were on their feet in an instant. "I'm driving," Derek said.

"Only if you promise you'll keep your temper," Dave said. "This still isn't about you. It's about getting Hotch back. You understand me?"

"I'm not out for revenge," Derek assured him. He wasn't entirely certain it was the truth. "I just want Hotch safe."

Dave wanted to keep an eye on Derek, but he knew it would look bad. It wasn't a lack of trust that motivated it. He just worried Derek would get carried away and do something ridiculously stupid. He didn't want to get Hotch back only to lose Derek. His heart jolted at the thought.

SWAT was already in place around the house. Derek was flagged down by the team leader, a man by the name of Stafford. As Derek, Dave, and Emily got their Kevlar vests on and checked their weapons, Stafford explained that they'd already secured the perimeter and didn't think anyone was inside.

"My dog, Clooney," Derek said, and Dave felt a little warmer towards him just because he had a dog.

Stafford shrugged. "We didn't pick up any movement, but unless he's taller than the windows, we wouldn't. Not to mention your guy could be in there and just holding steady. Got any interior rooms?"

"Just the bathrooms," Derek said. "But there's a basement."

"Yeah, we saw it. Nothing going on in the windows, but it looks like you got a pretty nice entertainment system."

"Yeah, well, get Hotch back for us, and I'll have y'all over for a Cubs game," Derek said sourly. "Come on, let's get in there."

They did their thing, approaching as swiftly and silently as possible, Derek covering Dave and Emily covering Derek. Dave couldn't help but think that Hotch ought to be here too. The three of them worked well together, but it felt incomplete. He gestured for Emily to stick with Derek, then headed around to the back himself, Stafford covering him. He had to let them inside a wooden fence to get to the back door, then he positioned himself to go in through the garage.

He kicked the door in without feeling bad about it. Derek had busted in enough in his life to deserve a couple broken doors himself. The garage had a Ducati SportClassic GT1000, a push mower, a Weedeater, and more power tools than Dave had ever seen. It had no trace of Foyet, Hotch, or any kind of a struggle. There was oil on the floor with cat litter scattered over it to soak it up. Dave told himself he wasn't here to profile his colleague, and tested the door to the house.

It was locked, so he kicked that one in too, and found himself in the kitchen. It was empty and smelled like Derek had forgotten to take the trash out before they'd gone to Ontario. "Clear!" he called.

"Clear!" came Emily's voice, and a moment later Derek echoed her. They worked through the main floor quickly, Dave forcing himself not to admire the leather recliners and expensive entertainment system. Derek had said there were two bedrooms upstairs and a weight set in the basement. Emily went up, Dave and Derek went down. In a matter of five minutes they had cleared the house.

Foyet and Hotch weren't there.

As they reconvened in the kitchen, the SWAT team going through it behind them to double-check their work, Derek was swearing under his breath.

"It was too easy," Dave said. "We had to make sure he wasn't here, but after all, Foyet had to know you'd be coming back. He'll have a hard enough time holding one FBI agent, let alone two."

"Why would he give a damn?" Derek demanded. "He's already had me once, he ought to know he can take me again."

Dave sighed. "Don't start that bullshit again," he said. "I'm tired of it already."

"Derek," Emily said, her voice curious. "Your answering machine is blinking."

Derek crossed the room and hit the button. The first two messages were from his mom and some girl he'd met. The third message was different. It started out with a long inhalation, then a sigh. "I'll offer you a deal, Derek," said a voice. "You stop hunting me, I'll give you his body back when I'm done with him."

"Fuck!" Derek burst out, staring in horror at the machine. Dave was fumbling for his phone, but Emily was faster.

"Garcia, I'm going to play a message for you. Can you record it over the phone and analyze it? I'll get you the actual recording as soon as I can." She was silent for a moment, then hit the replay button on the machine and let Garcia hear the message.

"So he did want to get you involved," Dave said. He was frowning. "This isn't what I was expecting, but it makes sense. He offered Hotch a deal when we were in Boston."

"He did?" Derek turned to stare at him. "This is the first I've heard of it."

"Right before the bus shooting. He called Hotch's hotel room and offered him the same deal he'd given to Tom Shaunessy. Hotch hung up on him."

"That was why Hotch was so upset about the bus shooting," Emily said.

"Yeah. You don't think Derek has a monopoly on blaming himself, do you?" Dave said wryly. "I don't know how many times I have to tell you people that the UNSUBs do what they're going to do regardless of our actions. It never seems to take."

"Shut up," Derek said. "We all saw how you were about Zoe Hawkes"

Dave sighed. "Look. Let's get out of here. Get your dog, Derek. You can't stay here tonight. Foyet knows where you live."

"He won't come here," Derek protested. "Not after this."

"For that matter, he knows where you live, Dave," Emily pointed out.

Dave nodded. "I'll have JJ book us both into a hotel. Quietly." He glanced over at Derek. "How's the Ritz sound to you?" he joked.

Derek didn't look like he was capable of laughing right now. "Make it somewhere that takes dogs," he said.

"I'll take Clooney," Emily said. "He's a good dog."

Dave raised his eyebrows, wondering when Emily and Derek had started spending time together. He wondered if he'd read things wrong.

Emily saw his expression and gave him a wry smile. "He renovates, I decorate," she said. "Turns out we're pretty good business partners." She flipped open her phone and dialed someone.

Dave nodded slowly; he hadn't known about the renovations, but it made sense. This was a pretty nice house for a guy who Dave knew was sending money to his mother and sisters back in Chicago.

When Derek came back, Dave learned that Clooney was a friendly mutt. Derek handed Emily a bag of dog food and held out the leash. Emily got off the phone and turned to face them. "JJ has a room for you guys. You'll have to share; apparently it's graduation weekend, and the Nationals are in town."

Derek rolled his eyes and shoved past them both, heading to the garage to secure the back door. When the house was secure, Derek said he'd meet Dave at the hotel. He was going to take his bike.

"That's ridiculous, your car is at Quantico," Dave objected.

"Doesn't matter. I'll get it back here later. See you there." Without a backward glance, Derek was gone.

Dave heard a quiet chuckle behind him and turned to glare at Emily. "What?"

She shook her head. "Good luck with him," she said. "I'm pretty sure he's going to be the worst company you've ever shared a hotel room with."

Dave arched an eyebrow at her. "I don't know, you never met my third wife."