Title: Story of the Year 
Author: by bobwhite 
Summary: High school nerds, their platonic female friends, unlikely 
accidents, a cheerleader, lesbians, and a nurse at the hospital. 
The eternal dance continues. 
Keywords: MC MF FF MFF

Story of the Year by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

I woke up late, but that wasn't a big deal. After all, it was my
birthday. Actually, *yesterday* was my birthday. But, since it was
Thursday, and the block party was Saturday, we all decided to have my
party coincide with the block party. The delay should have given me
enough time to think about my plans for the block party... in the back
of my mind, I knew that I'd chicken out on Friday, and I'd avoid doing
something that, while fun, could get me into more trouble than I'd
know what to do with. But then, instead of opening a giftwrapped box
containing that very expensive thing that I really, really wanted dad
to get me, I opened a box that had about four XLR microphone cables
inside of it. Useful for an amateur DJ like me, sure. But certainly
not what dad had promised to get me.

And I didn't miss that smug little smile that both my stepmother
Shelly and her daughter Kimmy flashed me when my dad announced that
he'd decided to treat them to a weekend fling in Paris later in the
summer. He said it was expensive, but the only way he knew to say that
he was sorry for working all of those late hours he'd been putting in
at the office lately. My stepmother and stepsister, golddigger and
golddigger protege, had been guilt-tripping my old man for weeks on
account of his overtime, even though it was that overtime that paid
for their cars. And clothes. And toys. And shopping trips to get more
clothes, toys, and cars when they could afford it. When *dad* could
afford it, anyway. And now they'd gotten their way once again... at
the expense of my present, the one very expensive thing that I really,
really wanted.

I was pissed off! Whether I was more angry at my stepmother and my
stepsister for basically stealing my birthday gift, or at my dad for
being so spineless and not buying me that very expensive thing that I
really, really wanted, I'll never know. But instead of thinking twice
about my plans and erring on the side of caution, I decided to go all-
out on Saturday. I'd been interested in hypnosis all my life, and had
studied it for the past few years. I was going to use that knowledge,
in addition to all the gadgets I'd read about on the Internet, to help
me get all the sex and revenge I wanted from those two harpies. They
were evil bitches wrapped up in five-foot-six, blond-haired, blue-
eyed, hourglass bodies with beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts.
They'd be mine. And they'd be sorry they ever messed with me.

"Con, get up! Come on, you have to go set up! You wanted to be the DJ
so bad, don't screw it all up!", Shelly yelled at me. Her shrill voice
only strengthened my resolve... how could somebody her age (early
forties) be so beautiful and so bitchy? She could pass for my
stepsister, both in terms of prettiness and bitchiness. But, she was
right. I had to set up early, given all the extra equipment that was
needed for tonight's big event.

I got dressed quickly and went downstairs, where Shelly and Kimmy were
having brunch. "Hey, is dad gone yet?" I asked, already knowing the
answer.

Kimmy said, "Yes, *stupid*, he is. And before you ask, he won't be
back till Sunday afternoon. Oh, and Johnny from down the street came
over. He says they already got the street blocked by his house, so you
should set up under the tent he's got up in the road. It might rain,
but he said it's designed for outdoor events, or something."

"*Gawd*, your dad probably wants me to pick him up... damn, I'm always
doing something for him!" Shelly said, cuntilly.

*They can't go two sentences without bitching*, I thought. Quickly, I
said, "Hey ladies, I'd love to stay but I gotta get ready. I already
packed up the van last night, so I'm going to head on out. But, I need
to ask you two to stop by the DJ booth in about an hour... I need you
to, uh... help me... arrange everything so it looks nice. You know how
sloppy I am, I don't want to look bad."

"Well, you *are* a slob, Con, and you can't set anything up without
making it look like a mess... OK... but you owe us, big-time," Kimmy
said.

"Hey, you got a whole trip to Paris! I can't give you what my dad
does." I was lying... to Shelly, anyway. I was going to give her what
my dad gave her... and she was going to beg for it.

Kimmy said, "How about this: you do my chores for a week. No telling
Mr. Troller, either."

"Don't call my dad that, Kimmy," I replied, getting more than a little
annoyed. She only did that when he wasn't around... he had no idea how
much of an ungreatful bitch his stepdaughter really was.

Shelly added, "And the laundry. You have to do laundry all week, Con."

"OK, OK. See you in an hour--bye!" I said, leaving. Once in my van, I
started it up and drove down to the corner at the other end of the
block. Johnny was gone but he'd set up a huge tent, and I started
unloading my gear. Speakers were stacked, wires were run from them to
the mixer, it was connected to the PA, and everything got plugged in
and tested just to make sure I hadn't messed up the sound system. I
looked at my watch, and figured that I had about 20 minutes to get
ready for Shelly and Kimmy.

First, I dug out the electric grandfather clock that I'd stashed in my
van. I used my hand truck to wheel it up onto the stage, and plugged
it in. The special gold pendulum that hung below the main clock
started swinging at that exact frequency the Internet sites said would
quickly induce a hypnotic trance in an attractive female. Hell, I had
to use most of my tinkering skills to alter the clock so that it would
cause the weight to swing at that exact rate, and I accidentally
tranced himself a few times in the process. I took out the linkage
from the gears to the hands, and put a cheap quartz clock movement
behind the face and attached the hands to it instead. That way, it'd
keep good time. The spiral on the slowly swinging pendulum was
spinning at the proper RPM to induce a deeper trance than the swinging
weight could alone.

I set out a couple of glasses and dumped a little of the powdered
chemical my friend got me into them. He got it from the top-secret
government project going on at the local university, something about
putting people into a very suggestive state to control them. When I
looked up from my work, I saw that not only were my two targets
walking toward me ahead of schedule, but they had another girl with
them--it was Wendy, the captain of the cheerleading squad! I've always
wanted her... and now she, too, would be mine. Quickly, I prepared a
third glass with the drug, and then filled them all with cold water.
Thunder rumbled in the background, but I was too excited to care.

They were getting closer, so I flipped on the switch that activated
the subtle, hypnotic blinking of the LED lights I used to decorate my
DJ area. Then it hit me--I forgot the amplifier! I grabbed the spool
of wire I had and ran to the ground rod I'd installed next to a tree
the day before, hooked the wire to the rod, and then ran it back and
plugged it into the jack on mental amplifier helmet marked "Ground."
Then, I ran a long cable down the back of my shirt, hooking one end
into the "Power" jack on my helmet and the other into the 220V
extension cord that ran into Johnny's house. I flipped the switch on
the helmet to the "on" position, and the humming filled my brain as I
opened my laptop computer to start a song with subliminal commands
embedded within the audio tracks. I also started that computer program
I'd downloaded a few days ago that promised to make me a virtual God
to everyone around me... after all, anything was worth a try when the
stakes are *mind control*.

"Well, Dweeb, what's so important that Kimmy has to make me wait
before we go to the mall? We'd better not get rained on or you're dead
meat," Wendy said.

Shelly laughed at that remark... if she looked anywhere near her age
of 41, I would be turning her into a maid instead of into a sex slave-
-that's how much I hated her. *What is it with blond girls with great
curves and beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup tits that makes them so
bitchy?*, I asked myself. "I just need you all to listen to this song
and look at my setup... give it just one song, then tell me what you
think. Oh, here's some flavored water. It's ice cold."

Shelly, after she quit snickering, said, "Why do you have that stupid
helmet on? Shouldn't you just get an umbrella? We don't need any
drinks, it's probably going to rain in a minute or two! Now show us
what you're going to show us so we can go." Despite her bitching, she
and the other two each grabbed a cup of the drugged water.

"Mmmm, this is pretty good, actually," Kimmy said after her first sip,
"but I don't know how well this party is going to go. It looks like it
could start storming any second!" I looked up and for the first time
noticed that the slight overcast of the morning was now a threatening
sea of dark clouds. When I looked back at my targets, all three were
enjoying my special punch.

"OK, now watch the clock... isn't that cool, with the lights in the
background? Here, let me turn the music up," I said, watching them
start to obey me. Maybe the drug was working, or maybe it wasn't--but
I know I saw them start gazing right into the clock's pendulum when
they were done drinking.

Then, I focused my mind really hard on Kimmy. I mentally formed the
idea that her shoulder itched. I almost fell over when she scratched
it. Then, I concentrated on Wendy and Shelly... and before I expected
any action, they were holding each other's breasts and kissing. I
looked back over at Kimmy, and her hand reached into her pants and
began to fiddle about... just like I'd told it to.

And right about then is when I heard the screeching. My first thought
was, *Get the fuck out of here!*, and the three little bitches did
just that. But I was tethered to a high-voltage power cord, and a
ground connection... and I was behind an entire control panel on a
raised platform. There was no escape, but my body was on autopilot. I
tried to jump off the platform, but right then, out of nowhere,
lightning and thunder exploded all around me as I was struck by both a
bolt of lightning and the car (which was driven by some douche who
can't read "Road Closed" signs). I flew through the air, catching a
whiff of my burning eyebrows briefly. But, before I landed, I was
surrounded by green light... and I actually *missed* the ground.

I hovered, bathed in green, and felt my body get pulled up to a silver
disc-shaped vessel manned by gray aliens. I won't go into much of what
happened there, for two reasons: one, I don't remember much about it;
and two, what I do remember involves a lot of things shocking my brain
while I received some sort of advanced (i.e., wiggly and non-
lubricated) colonoscopy. When I finally did hit the pavement (the
aliens dropped me in front of the remnants of the stage from a height
of about six feet), I looked around on the road and saw my computer.
The program was running, and it said something about being able to
change bodies... and I needed some super-healing, super-quick. But, as
I reached for it, some guy with a star sticker on his shirt grabbed
it, took a few steps, and turned around and waived at me. As soon as
he did that, I blacked out.

The next thing I knew, I was in a hospital. Above my head, I saw a
clipboard, and once I knocked it down with my numb hands (right onto
my face, I might add), I grabbed it as best I could and tried to read
it. "Patient: Conrad Con' Troller, M, DOB:" was all I could manage
before the room started spinning. I dropped the clipboard, and the
lights went out again.

When I came to, I was still in the hospital, which pretty much
confirmed the fact that it *wasn't* a dream. Looking out the window, I
noticed that it was pitch black outside--the clock on the wall
confirmed the late hour. I moved very carefully in the bed,
discovering to my relief that my arms, hands, fingers, and legs still
worked. I figured I didn't have any broken bones, and a quick grab-
check later, I realized that I didn't have a catheter in. *Thank God*,
I thought. *They must have had me up a little while ago, I wonder why
I don't remember?*

Then, I peed all over myself. That meant it was time for a nurse, so I
pressed the call button. And a few moments later, the most beautiful
girl I'd ever seen walked in. She was tall, raven-haired, and had an
athletic build. Despite my state (humiliated and laying in piss), I
felt a twitch down in my crotch.

She smiled. "Oh, so we are awake now! They've had you on some pretty
heavy medication, glad to see you're alert but please, the toilet is
right over there."

Her English accent was only making me hornier, and soon I was sporting
a nice-sized tent for her. That made her smile more, and I actually
felt a throbbing sensation in my cock. Realizing I was just staring at
her from behind my boner, I said, "Uh... can I get a new gown? And
bed?"

Instantly, she turned and left, and a few seconds later some aides
came in and provided me with a new bed, a new gown, and even a sponge
and tub so I could wash off my urine. When I was dry, I got back into
bed, somewhat more refreshed and surprised that I could stand and move
about so easily after such a bad accident. I had just settled down and
decided to sleep the rest of the night when the door to my room opened
and closed. In the dim light of the small, private hospital room, I
saw Nurse Goddess-on-Earth approaching my bed.

"How are you doing, Con? Are you all cleaned up? Feeling OK?" she
asked.

I barely heard her... all I could think about was how hot she was.
But, I had to say something, so I muttered, "Uh... I'm fine, I'm OK,"
or something like that, while thinking about how hot it'd be if she
slid her hand into my gown, and started fondling my obvious erection.
And a moment later, she did just that.

"I'm glad to hear you're... better... hey, what am I doing?" she asked
herself (she looked like she was speaking to her hand). "Con, I'm so
sorry, I can't... seem to...."

I didn't hear what she said after that. I was in *heaven*. I mean, I
may be the geekiest dork in all of nerddom, but I *have* had a handjob
before. Not one like this, though--my geeky female friend Becky didn't
have magic fingers like Nurse O'Mydreams had. Every where she touched
me was an erogenous zone, and every time I thought of a place for her
to touch me, her hands followed my desires. It was only a matter of
time before I thought of what it'd be like if she took me into her
mouth. Well, I wish I could have seen the look on her face when she
did just that!

Her mouth was warm, moist, undulating, playful, ... it was, quite
simply, about a million times better than I'd ever imagined a blowjob
could be. I didn't know how I was holding off of cumming right into
her mouth, and I didn't care. Several times, I felt the climax
approach, and I even felt it slam into me, but I never blew my goo.
She teased with her lips, her hands, her tongue... everything I wanted
her to do, she did, and it was amazing.

I thought, *Any mortal man would have cum about twenty times by now.
And it's no coincidence that when I tell her to suck on my balls while
jacking me off, she does just that a few seconds later. I... I did it!
All that hypno stuff, all that subliminal crap, all those chemicals
and obedience drugs and blinking lights... and a helmet, and lots of
voltage... I can do it, I am controlling this woman's mind! I'm a Mind
Controller!*

I'd been having her use her free hand to play with her pussy for quite
some time, and I just knew she was wet and ready for me. So, I
mentally commanded her to straddle me and impale herself on my rod.
She quickly took her hand out of her scrubs and removed her entire
uniform, rubbing herself one last time before getting above me on the
bad. Then, slowly, she sank down on my dick, and I nearly lost my
mind. Her mouth been amazing. Her pussy was downright *unbelievable*.

I felt so many things at once that I didn't know what to think, so
when she leaned over me and looked into my eyes, I just started
thrusting up for everything I was worth. I played with her beautiful,
firm, jiggly, DD-cup tits, and even kissed her--I must have been
caught up in the heat of the action, because it didn't even dawn on me
that her mouth had been on my cock a few minutes before. For a long
time, I just fucked her with everything I had, grabbing her ass and
digging my nails into her back as I somehow felt her get nearer and
nearer to her own orgasm. When I knew that it was just about to hit
her, I decided to block it until I couldn't take anymore, and then
we'd cum together. And I did that for about five minutes or so. I
don't know how I did it that long, but I did it.

When I finally felt like I couldn't do any more, I just let go and in
a dozen or so thrusts, shot a stream of seed up into her so huge and
powerful that I wouldn't have been surprised to see some of it leaking
out of her mouth. She'd been quiet the whole time, but when she came
(which left my crotch soaked for the second time that evening), she
let out a low, guttural growl that told me I'd just rocked her world
in a way it'd never been rocked before. We continued to lay there for
awhile, and I explored as much of her body as I could with my hands.
Sometimes, I'd smack her ass possessively. But, after about twenty
minutes or so of rest, she said she'd have to go back to work or she'd
be in trouble. So, I let her go, and I think I was asleep before she
even got off the bed. The only thing I remember about her getting off
of me was a brief flash of a name tag that read, "Gwen."

I fell asleep soon after she left, and I had a dream. Of course, it
involved sex with my naughty nurse, but at the same time, I dreamed of
a hot doctor who would came into my room, looked at my chart, and
talked to the nurse. Using my new powers (at least in the dream), I
decided that the scene would unfold much nicer if the doctor handed
the chart to the nurse, who watched in amusement as the doctor took
off her jacket and blouse.

"What's happening? Gwen, what's... why am I... oh no, not the bra...
quick, lock the door before someone sees...," the doctor said,
completely topless and beginning to fondle her tits.

The nurse tossed the chart onto my bed and rushed over to the door to
shut and lock it, and right when I heard the *click* of the lock, the
doctor made an abbreviated "ooooh" sound. The sound made the nurse
spin around to see what was wrong, and finally asked in a hushed town,
"Dr. Caliente, what are you doing? Stop pinching your nipples--it'll
feel better if you let me suck them a little. Maybe a nibble or two...
wait, what am I saying?" The nurse's face conveyed pure disbelief--she
had no idea why she'd just said those words.

"Gwen, are you crazy? You can't suck my nipples...," the doctor said,
then stopped... she was clearly struggling to maintain control. She
fought for almost half a minute before her next words finally dripped
from her lips. "Can't suck them from over there... help me out of
these pants, baby."

The nurse looked terrified as she walked to the doctor and pulled her
pants down, taking the panties with them. "Doctor, doctor I'm sorry...
I can't stop... I need to...."

"My nipples are up here, nurse," the doctor said, using one hand to
lift the kneeling nurse's jaw delicately so she could see her
beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts. With the other hand, she
gently stroked the nurse's dark hair.

The nurse rose and said, "Doctor, what's happening? Why are you naked,
and why do I have to suck your nipples when your tasty pussy is what I
really--" She had to put her hand over her mouth to stop talking, but
the doctor wasn't having any of that. Not any more, anyway. The doctor
gently lowered Gwen's hand from her mouth, and Gwen said, "Why am I
saying these things? What's happening?"

The doctor ignored her and said, "So you would rather have my pussy
than my nips? Have it your way, but first, a kiss." Quickly, she
kissed the shocked nurse. As they kissed, the doctor felt the nurse's
breasts through her scrubs, and even slid her hand inside the pants to
finger the now-panting Gwen to a quick little orgasm. The nurse's
composure finally broke down and she broke the kiss. With a little
nudge, she found she couldn't voice her objections or concerns any
longer.

Gwen quietly sank to her knees, and started licking the doctor's clit.
Her hands slid up the doctor's body and grabbed her tits, paying
particular attention to the nipples as she caressed and squeezed them.
Before too long, the doctor was practically riding the nurse's face.
The doctor's hips were bucking back and forth while she held the
nurse's head tightly (by clenching fistfuls of the nurse's hair)
against her wetness, the groans coming from the doctor really added a
nice touch to the already erotic scene of a kneeling nurse whose face
was covered in the love juice of the doctor who had totally dominated
her.

In fact, the scene was so hot that I decided to go ahead and hop out
of bed to render some assistance to the ladies. And by assistance, I
meant sex! Quickly willing a twelve-inch erection, I swung my legs
over the side of the bed and sat up. But in so doing, I kicked the
chart off the bed, and it hit the floor, making a clattering sound
that woke me up.

I shook the cobwebs out of my head, angry that as per usual, I had
woken up too soon. But as I looked to my right, I got a surprise. My
raven-haired nurse from the previous night, Gwen, was pulling the
doctor down to the floor. Gwen's makeup was smeared, and it didn't
take long for me to figure out what has smeared it. I sat up and swung
my legs over the side of the bed (thankfully not waking up from a
dream this time) to get a better view, and they noticed me. I had an
idea.

Following my mental command, Gwen said, "Doctor Caliente is ready for
you, Master. Let her get on the bed."

The doctor, lost in a haze of post-orgasmic bliss, stood back up and
got on my bed as soon as I was out of the way. Gwen also got on the
bed, and took a position facing me that put her pussy right on the
doctor's mouth. Having already shed my gown, I climbed on board and
thrust my rock-hard cock into the doctor without delay. She was so wet
that I slid right in, and after that first thrust her cunt gripped my
member fiercely. That made each thrust feel like dirty heaven. The
muffled screams of the doctor combined with Gwen's and my grunts of
pleasure, and as I sped my actions, the nurse reached down and started
rubbing the doctor's clit.

The added stimulation made the doctor squeal (well, as well as she
could with a mouth full of pussy), and since I could feel the added
pressure through the doctor's sex, I redoubled my efforts. The nurse
kissed me, and as our tongues danced, we all three came. When I was
finally done kissing the nurse, I slid out of the doctor, who sat up
so she could clean me with her mouth.

The next few minutes of having the girls get dressed was kind of
awkward, but I got through it. When everybody was decent again, the
doctor explained that since the unusual brain activity they'd found
when I was unconscious was gone, I was fine to go home. She kept
talking about my prognosis and what she thought had happened, but I
didn't listen. I had priorities.

One of those priorities was Wendy, the head cheerleader. Her
beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts were going to look great in my
hands! But, she was always around Julie, and that bitch's attitude was
a turn-off, even though she was quite pretty (with red hair; a curvy
build; and beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts). I didn't want to
mess with that right now, so I went to my friend Becky's house.

Becky was the female version of me--not spectacularly pretty but not
at all ugly; just kind-of plain. And, she's as smart as I am... in
fact, she's the stereotypical cute nerd girl that appear in every teen
date movie made from 1984 to the present day. Also, she's a virgin.
She's never had a man inside her, even though she did jack me off that
one time when I had a bottle of wine to share with her. (She had all
of the wine, of course.)

When I got to her house, I knocked on the door, and as usual, Becky
answered within a few seconds. Her mousy-brown hair was loosely tied
into a ratty pony tail. It was presentable, but not something you'd
see if she were on a date. She didn't wear any makeup most of the
time, and her glasses drew attention away from her otherwise pretty
eyes. Despite the fact that she was wearing loose clothing (which was
normal for her), I knew that she had a fit body with curves in all the
right places, and I had even one time seen her in her bra--a bra that
barely contained her beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts. Over the
past few years, I had caught a few glimpses of her body unencumbered
by such distasteful clothing. But today, I was getting the whole
enchilada.

"Uhm... are you just going to keep staring at me, goofball? Come in!
How's your head?" Becky asked, genuinely concerned about me. When I
told her that I was perfectly fine, and maybe even a little better,
she hugged me tightly. "I was so worried," she whispered into my ear.
Apparently, my arousal was already leaking out of my head! I'd have to
work on control, but that would happen later. Right now, I had to
scratch an itch deep inside my nerdy-but-cute female friend that she
didn't even know she had yet.

I decided to play a little game. Focusing all my mental strength on
Becky, I projected, *You will do anything I say, and you will enjoy
it*. Then, I said, "Hey, Becky, I have something to do... uh, *show*
you. Can we go to your room? Are your parent's home?" I wasn't
concerned if they were home or not--I'd just have them go fuck in the
back yard if I wanted to--but Becky told me that they were gone, so we
went upstairs to her room. As soon as we got there, I told her to lock
the door. Then, I upped her arousal, setting it to double every few
seconds until she couldn't take it anymore.

Becky quickly complied, and when she turned around, there was a
surprised and slightly excited look on her face. "Uh, Con, why did you
want me to lock the door... I mean, what do you have to... show me?"
she asked, obviously turned on. She was holding her hands together,
nervously rubbing them, probably to keep them from ripping off her
clothes.

"Well," I said, taking a seat on her bed, "I have to show you
something that I know you'll like." I kicked off my shoes before
continuing. "See, something happened the day of the accident. Well,
several somethings. Somewhere in the midst of getting hit by a car and
struck by lightning while wearing an electronic helmet, and I *think*
there was an alien abduction in somewhere in there too, I gained
something that I know you'll help me enjoy." With that grand
presentation, I stood up, took off my pants and underwear, and
displayed my rock-hard erection for her. I knew I had her when she
licked her lips, but she was still resisting.

"You mean... all that... they gave you a boner?" she asked, and
followed her question with some nervous laughter. She licked her lips
again when I didn't respond right away, and slowly she took a couple
of steps toward me.

"Becky, I think you know what's going on here. We've known each other
for quite some time, and you're too pretty to hide behind this thin
veneer of plainness that you seem to enjoy. Strip. I want to see you
naked."

She took off her sweat shirt, tossing it into a nearby hamper. The bra
was next, and when it was off, she massaged her breasts for a moment--
whether to arouse them or to relieve some itching, I wasn't sure.
Looking at her, though, it was still hard to believe that she wore
such bulky clothing. A lot of the kids at school thought she was
chunky, but she had a slender waist that accentuated her hips and
shoulders. When she slid her pants down, I could really tell that her
shape was the *perfect* hourglass. And the wet spot in her panties
told me that my power over her was complete--she'd do anything I
wanted. I pointed to her panties, and she literally tore them off.

"You've waited for this for a long time," I told her. She nodded in
the affirmative. *She's taking all this in... I'm soooooo going to
love having a sex slave for a girlfriend!*

"You want me right now more than you've ever wanted anything, don't
you? This has built up for years, and you're going to give yourself
fully to me now, aren't you?" I told her, pushing a little harder.

Becky whispered, "Please, please let me... let me... you know I want
you, don't make me wait longer, please let me please you, I've never
been with a man but I have seen lots of porn and I know what to do
please please let me... I want you so bad...."

It was all I had to hear. "Come here, Becky, and kneel before your
Master. Suck me until I tell you to stop, and no using your hands."
She immediately complied, almost tripping over her pants, which she'd
left right in front of her when she took them off. Kneeling, she
carefully kissed the tip of my throbbing cock, licked it a few times,
and gently took it into her mouth. Her head bobbed back and forth a
little awkwardly, which was to be expected given the fact that she
couldn't use her hands to hold me or support herself. Her blowjob
wasn't as good as the nurse's at the hospital, but it was good
nonetheless and I had to tell her to stop after a few minutes for fear
of blowing my wad right into her pretty mouth.

"Get up, Becky. I'm going to fuck you now, so get on the bed, hands
and knees. I'm going to fuck you like the bitch in heat that you are!"
I told her, and her facial expression took on a mixture of arousal,
relief, and sheer giddy excitement as she obeyed. I'd never done a
girl in this position before, but like Becky, I was no stranger to
porn. It didn't take long to figure out which hole to use (and I made
a mental note to use the tighter one next time, when I'd bring along
some lube), and after a few tentative pokes, I had to tell her to flip
back over so I could enter her more easily. Apparently, doggy style
wasn't ideal for virgins. But, I'd have time to figure it out later--
with her on her back I could stare at her beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-
cup breasts while I worked my manhood into her wet, but temporarily
roadblocked, sex. There was a brief moment where I could still leave
her maidenhead, but I was more than a little excited myself, so I
pressed in, tearing her hymen.

She bit her lower lip and reached down, gently guiding me in. After
several short thrusts, I was in all the way, carefully plowing her
untouched field while she played with her nipples. This continued,
slow and steady, for several minutes. I then started to increase my
speed, and I told Becky to touch her clit and rub it. She licked her
fingers and complied, and what had been quiet whimpers of pleasure
soon became loud moans of unbridled passion. Faster and faster I went,
with her fingers working her clit and my mouth teasing her nipples,
until at long last I felt her start to shudder and shake with her
orgasm. I hadn't held it off like I'd done with the nurse (or was it
the doctor?) at the hospital, because I really liked Becky and wanted
her to enjoy this first orgasm (from having actual sex, anyway)
completely unadulterated. As she came, I thrust into her wildly,
spilling my own seed deep inside her. Then, I fell onto her body,
sweaty and tired and panting. We kissed.

Then, I shot up... *What was I thinking! No condom!! She might get
pregnant!!*

I must have been projecting because Becky said, "Con, don't worry
about it... I've been on the pill on account of my irregular period...
I won't get pregnant. Lay back down with me, my folks won't be home
for another hour or so. Please... uh, Master?"

I smiled. "You're on the pill? Good, good. And don't worry about
calling me Master,' it sounds weird. Just call me Con. But from now
on, you're my girlfriend and whatever I say goes, got it?" With that
said, I laid myself down beside her.

"Got it, Con. You don't know how long I've waited for this," she cooed
as we lay there, cuddling.

*Of course I know how long you've wanted this*, I thought. *I'm the
one who put it into your head!* Then, looking around her room and
seeing the discarded clothing that hadn't made it to the hamper, I
said, "Becky, this was great. But I want people to know that my
girlfriend is hot. Look at you! You have long hair that, if you worked
on it for it a few minutes, could be tamed. Your eyes are very pretty,
and I know that those glasses you wear are just reading glasses, and
low-powered ones at that. And your body!" I said, running my hands
over her. "Flared hips, broad shoulders, thin waist, and beautiful,
firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts. You're a hottie, Becky, and it's time
you started dressing like it. Go shopping this weekend, and present
yourself to me at school as befits a girl of your beauty. I want you
to dress to accentuate your assets, but don't go all slutty and get in
trouble. OK?"

She was kissing me as soon as I'd stopped talking, but I think she
moaned a "Yes, Con" into my mouth. *Good*, I thought. *I'm going to
have a hot girlfriend that nobody had even noticed before... and a
secret harem of hot chicks who I'll fuck behind their boyfriends'
backs....* Then, I did the classic "evil laugh" in my head.

After about a half an hour or so, I told Becky that I had to get a
move on. I told her I had to be home so my dad could take me to my
doctor's appointment--it was a lie, but it didn't matter. I'd planned
on introducing Becky as my head girlfriend to my harem, but I needed
to build that harem first. Filled with the confidence that only comes
from fucking the brains out of a pretty girl, I got dressed and went
home. I hadn't driven to Becky's house, so I had to walk home to get
my car. Becky lived just a couple of blocks away, but Wendy lived
across town.

When I arrived at Wendy's house, I saw that her friend Julie's car was
in the driveway. *Looks like I'm in for a two-fer!* I thought, and my
excitement caused me to almost fall out of my car. I ran up to the
door, opened it, and went inside. *No need for formalities anymore...
not for Con Troller!* I mentally reminded myself. I looked around the
house, and I didn't see anybody on the downstairs level--no parents,
no younger siblings, no nothing. I was starting to think that nobody
was home and that maybe Julie and Wendy were in Wendy's car somewhere.
But, the sound of footsteps rushing down the stairs alerted me to
another possibility--that they were upstairs. I followed the sound,
only to hear whoever it was run back upstairs.

When I found the stairs, I casually walked up them. All the doors on
the upper level were open except for one, and I had a good idea who
was behind that door. I reached for the doorknob, twisted it, and
threw the door open. *Holy fucking shit!!* I thought when I saw Julie
and Wendy. Wendy was handcuffed and ankle-cuffed to her bed, spread
eagle. She was wearing fishnet hose, garters, painful-looking heels, a
black corset that didn't quite make it up to the bottom of her
beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup breasts, a blindfold, a ball gag, and
nothing else.

Julie was wearing a similar outfit, but she was obviously the Domme
here. Frantically covering herself as best she could (but not fast
enough for me to see her pierced nipples), she screamed, "Who are you!
Where's Kelly, it's... oh fuck, oh *FUCK!!*" She then started taking
the cuffs off of Wendy's ankles and unlocked her wrists. Wendy removed
the gag and blindfold herself, and covered herself up with her hands
as best she could.

"What the fuck are you doing here??" she screamed. Julie was just
yelling the word "fuck" over and over again. I decided to mentally put
them at ease, but first, I had an idea.

I took off all of my clothes, much to their astonishment. There was a
faint sound of the front door opening and closing, but I ignored it--I
could deal with whoever that was in good time. Naked and sporting a
hard-on, I said and projected, "*Bow down before your harem Master,
sex slaves! I am glad to see that you're into other girls, because
trust me, you will be doing a lot of this kind of thing because I find
it rather hot! Now, Wendy, get over here and....*"

Right then, the door behind me burst open, and I felt something rather
hard hit me in the back of my head. Before I could react, there were
three 18-year-old hotties beating me to a pulp, and my mental probes
could not get them to stop.

I woke up in the hospital. Wendy, Julie, and Kelly (a cheerleader who
had red hair, blue eyes, fair skin, and beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-
cup breasts that looked almost obscene on her short, thin frame) were
there, telling the police how they'd found me beaten and robbed just
outside their house, where I was supposed to help them with a school
project. No, they didn't get a look at my attacker, they said. Once
the cops left, telling me how lucky I was, Kelly came over to my bed.

"Listen, asshole, you could just as easily be up for attempt at rape,
but then we'd have to explain... what you saw. If a word of our little
game makes it to the rumor mill, I promise you, you'll be arrested for
rape so fast that your head will spin," she said. Then, all three
left.

A few hours later, Nurse Gwen came into the room. Her hair was now
fiery red, and longer, and curlier... but it was definitely her.
Quickly, I projected to her that I needed a quick rub-down and
blowjob, and she laughed.

"Look, Con, I think you're kinda cute, and I let you have your fun
last time. And I had a good time, I really did. But there's a cuter
guy down the hall, and he has a bigger cock than you, so I'm going to
go fuck him. I just wanted to tell you not to try to use your mind
powers again... because you don't have them."

"What?!" I yelled, louder than I'd intended. "What do you mean? I
mean, sure, maybe you would have fucked me, sometimes nurses fall in
love with patients... but what about that doctor? I saw a ring on her
finger, you can't tell me she fucks female nurses and male patients
all the time, it must have been me, every thing I thought of happened
right in front of my eyes!!"

"Yeah, Dr. Caliente is quite the little firecracker. I don't even know
how many times I've had her between my legs, licking me till I was
bored with it. I go down on her too, but I just tweak her so she cums
after a few licks. Her husband doesn't know, so don't worry. Besides,
I send a bevy of nurses over to their house all the time to make up
for my use of his hot wife. But I learned some new tricks yesterday,
and you should see her now! And him, too, actually... look, I'd like
to stay and chat, but I've got to go. I'll have another nurse tend to
you for the rest of your stay, but no sex. You need to heal," Gwen
said.

Before she could leave, I said, "What about my unusual brain activity?
What was that if I don't have mind control powers?"

She says, "Look, if you'd listened to her a bit more closely after our
little threesome instead of thinking of ways to violate every cute
girl you've ever seen, you would have heard her tell you it was due to
a minor concussion. And judging by the fact that three dainty females
knocked you completely out, I'd say it's now a major concussion--
you'll be here for awhile. But, you won't have me to get you laid.
Good thing that Becky girl has had a crush on you for years, and it's
really convenient that she's very submissive. Trust me, she'll keep
you happy."

"But I thought you said you thought I was cute? C'mon, send some other
cute nurse in... that one with the blond hair..."

"Look, I'm about to be really busy with a patient down the hall...
he's cute like you, but thanks to me he has bigger muscles and a much
nicer cock. Besides, you have Becky, and she's outside in the waiting
room, waiting for everybody to leave so she can be with you before
your parents get here. She'll be here any second, now that the cops
and witnesses to your mugging' are gone."

"But you... I mean, I made you do me last time...." I said, weakly,
and mentally projected to her that I had the best cock she'd ever
seen. She laughed at me.

"You don't get it, do you? Oh well. They never do. Look, I really have
to go. When I leave, you'll forget all about this mind controlling
business." She turned to leave, but turned back to me again. "Wait a
second... OK, tell ya what. This *was* all kind-of my fault, so I'll
at least do this for you."

She walked over to me and adjusted my gown so that my dick was
showing. With a snap of her fingers, it went from flaccid to rock-
hard, and she snapped her fingers again. A few moments later, Becky
came in, teary-eyed but relieved that I was OK.

"Becky, as you can see, has been worried sick over you, Con. But since
I kind-of forgot to tell you that I was the one with all the powers,
and that I was just letting you do your thing because--well, let's
face it, you have *quite* the imagination, well, before I wipe all
this from your heads, I'm going to make sure you two have the
relationship of your dreams. Becky, get over here and grab your
boyfriend's dick. Don't be embarrassed."

She did so, giggling a little nervously. Her hand felt warm and
gentle, and as I looked at her, I saw a genuine look of tenderness and
love in her face. She was also wearing clothes that fit her body
nicely--not obscene, but definitely showing her perfect figure.

"Say when," Gwen whispered to Becky. Suddenly, my dick started to
grow--it was getting longer and thicker, going from its previous six
inches to about nine inches before Becky said "stop."

Then, my hands went up to Becky's beautiful, firm, jiggly, DD-cup
breasts. Gwen whispered to me, "Say when," and just like my dick a
moment before, her breasts began to swell. I was simply too amazed to
grasp what was happening, and her breasts were big to begin with, so
grasping them was already a challenge. When I felt her bra snap and go
slack, I said, "When!!"

"Now," Gwen said, "She has a nice, big dick to play with whenever she
wants, and you have a set of glorious, gravity-defying, jiggly F-cup
breasts at your disposal. Don't ask how I know what bra size she'll
wear, I just do. That about makes up for it. See you two lovebirds
later!" And then, she sashayed out of my hospital room.

Becky and I were still groping each other, and her top was straining
to keep her glorious, gravity-defying, jiggly F-cup breasts hidden.
"What do we do now?" Becky asked, letting go of me so she could work
her bra out from underneath her top. Once it was gone, she shook her
head a little, or at least I think she did. My vision had suddenly
gone blurry.

When I was OK again, I said, "uh, was there a nurse in here a minute
ago?"

Becky said, "No, I don't think so. I just got here, the police took
statements from Wendy, Julie, and Kelly, and your folks are on their
way here." She grabbed my dick and said, "But, I have the distinct
impression that they won't come in here till I leave this room... so
what should we do till then?"

"I'm in bed, there's not much we *can* do," I teased.

"I can think of *one* thing," Becky said, and lowered her mouth to my
dick.

I must have been really turned on, because I'd never seen it that big
before. I was going to ask about Becky's clothing choice (which I
loved) and her really tight top, but I decided that could wait. After
all, judging by her amazing oral activities, I figured that my steady
girlfriend needed something that only I could give her. Screwing a hot
girl in a hospital bad... I couldn't wait to tell my other nerd
buddies! This was going to be the story of the year!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2007, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.
