It's been a long day as we both fall into our bed, the cold February wind pecking softly at the window. Earlier, hand in hand we walked silently through the neighborhood as a soft snow drifted down. It was so peaceful that our hearts and minds embraced the silence. These are the evenings that we cherish, so far from our house in L.A., but so close to the home that we learned to love in our youth.
There was no wind and her hand, as always, felt so warm in mine. Although we were silent, our bond strengthened through our touch. I stopped her beneath a streetlight and turned her toward me to look into her soul. I saw the spark of her life and leaned closer to kiss her softly above both eyes. We embraced and I knew that we had come together for a reason.
Under a warm comforter she stretches on her back as I snuggle closer, laying my leg across hers and my arm over her shoulder. Silently, our lips meet and no words can describe the meaning of our touch. We lay for a moment, now warming, but not needing or expecting at all. My hand begins to rub her shoulder and trace her beautiful collarbone, and then returns on a path that lets me graze her neck. She closes her eyes and leans her head back and I hear a soft sigh. Moving without purpose, my hand travels slowly down the swell of her breast until it crosses a sleeping nipple and slides down to the bottom. Yes, I'll admit that I love her breasts. And she knows that I love to hold them when we retire, without purpose, for security, I guess. My warm palm squeezes her so gently that it barely registers with her, but she knows that I'm there.
Then my hand moves slowly back up the slope, across her hardening nipple, then down the gentle incline until I once again feel the soft hardness of her collar. I can feel the faint beginning of goose bumps struggling to pull out of her skin, so I allow my hand to softly retrace its path across one of the breasts that I love. So many nights I've rubbed her like this as we've both fallen asleep and I am content to do so again, should we both drift off together. No pressure for me, no pressure for her. I love to caress her as we both relax.
But, tonight her breast awakens quickly, her nipple hard against my palm. When my mind begins to notice, I feel the first pleasurable tingle down below. She must feel it, too, as she turns her head toward me and I feel the softest little kiss on the very tip of my nose. She doesn't move further allowing herself to feel every pleasure in her body as her relaxation turns to yearning. To deeper breathing, I allow my hand to trace slowly down her stomach, past her belly ring and toward her right hip. When I want to arouse her, soft rubbing...just fingers, around the tip of her hipbone is as close to a guarantee as I've ever found. I've learned that the first switch is her breasts and once they've turned, the next stop is her hip...she is so familiar, yet each time I explore, I find a new button, or a new combination of tastes to bring her to ever higher levels.
Her breathing has changed as I softly rub her hip. I feel the bumps as I allow my fingers to wander to the soft skin of her side. By now she can feel me as I grow against her leg and I feel her tense and relax as she surrenders to the pleasures that continue to embrace her body, deeper and deeper with every breath. Yet still she relaxes, her arms at her sides, just letting it happen. By no means is she submissive, but at this time, she simply surrenders and allows me to guide her through whatever will follow. She trusts me and knows that I'll never leave her wanting, that she is my quest and that I'll spend the rest of my days learning new ways to love her. Yes, she's spent years laying this trap and she knows that I'm hers and that she controls whether I'll ever know for sure, whether she's mine. I guess that's one of the great mysteries of love, and life.
From her hip, I slowly inch toward her mound, my heart beginning to beat more deeply as I anticipate the feeling that my fingers are about to read. Her legs part slightly and I feel her heat as I reach her treasure. I know what she likes and tonight I do my best to strum her lips with gentle fingers, just grazing until her hips rise to meet a firmer touch. Her left leg flexes as she can feel my hardness begin to throb against it. I slowly lower my lips to her shoulder and take my first taste of her skin. She smells as good as she tastes as my mouth inches closer to her neck, following the path just above her collar. The heat of her neck registers against my lips and I kiss her harder, wetter, with more passion than before. The game is beginning to change. What started as a soft caress is transforming to firmer pressure between her legs, against her leg, and across her neck.
Now, she moves her right arm for the first time. Not thinking that I'll catch her, she rubs her palm across her nipple and continues higher until she softly takes hold of the back of my head, encouraging me to continue teasing the skin of her neck, just below her ear.
My fingers are wet now and my cock is stiff. Somehow, her left hand has snaked between us and has taken hold of the upper half. She's not stroking, just holding, but I know that she can feel every beat of my heart through the veins that are bulging in her hand. And she knows that they're bulging for her.
We're not planning to fuck, so I watch for the signs that tell me she is getting close. And when I see them, I break our embrace and cover her, laying my hardness against her. She flexes her hips once or twice, then raises, catching me just inside the door to her pleasure. I help by barely pushing forward and nearly gasp as she draws me into her hot inner core. To me, there is nothing that comes as close to heaven as this moment. She knows how I feel about this and hugs me tightly against her chest before returning to the path leading to her pleasure. Then we share a kiss at this most beautiful moment, our love connected, sealed for a lifetime. I feel closer than ever to her at this moment and don't want it to end.
Very slowly, we begin to move together and apart, both of us moving our hips barely an inch in each direction. Her arms that had surrendered just minutes ago awaken and pull me tightly against her. I comply with her wishes and push deeply inside, where I let her find the place to rub, or flex, or whatever she does inside that makes her explode. And explode she does. She's shaking as I lower my head and softly suck on her nipple, increasing the pressure as she tenses below me. Her arms grasp me tighter, nails digging into my sides, and then she relaxes. I soften the pressure on my hips and let her recover before beginning the rub that will bring my pleasure. Kissing her eyes, I taste a tear and softly whisper "are you ok?" She just hugs me tighter and kisses my lips, our tongues playing like school kids at the playground. I know it's time to move on.
I begin a slow movement but she holds me tight until I stop. Then, she gently pushes me, the signal that she wants me to lay on my back. I comply, noticing the coolness in the room as our bodies separate for the first time. As soon as I feel the chill, it is gone. She rolls atop and one of her soft hands guides me inside. Then she lowers her chest to mine, and places her arms around my neck in the most loving embrace that I've ever felt. We're connected in so many ways. I can feel both of our pulses inside as she continues to squeeze me deeply. I can feel both of our heartbeats as our chests are pressed together. And I can feel the pulse of her neck as she snuggles against my shoulder. If I fell asleep now, I would be fulfilled, I really don't yearn for more, but she has other plans.
Slowly, she lifts her chest and head above me, and while looking deeply into my eyes, she places her hands on my chest and begins to rock her hips. She is as gentle as I was and I soon feel the signs of my eruption. She reads my eyes and lowers herself to kiss me while she becomes more firm in her stroking. Just as she tenses from pleasure, I see a white flash and thrust my hips as high as I can, erupting and filling her. The feeling is intense and seems to last forever, but then it ends and I begin to breathe again.
Once again she embraces me and kisses the tension from my forehead. We remain connected for awhile, until we can both feel each other's heartbeats return to normal. And when they do, she softly rolls over to her back and I snuggle against her, my leg over hers, and my left hand across her shoulder. It's the position we were in so many minutes ago when this all started.
For the second time tonight, I break the silence by saying; "goodnight Danielle, I love you." I feel her take a deep breath and by the time she lets it out, we're both fast asleep.