"What's the matter with you, Xena?" Gabrielle demanded once the door to their room was shut. Xena braced herself and walked to the window. Her emotions were out of control and she feared that an argument between the two women could cause her to strike the bard.

"What have you been doing down there while I've been cooped up here in this room?" Xena asked, her voice low with barely controlled rage.

"What? Xena, you're acting crazy!"

"Who's this Leica, Gabrielle?"

"She...you think, we....?" the bard sputtered. "It's nothing, Xena, she just likes my stories."

"She likes more than that!" Xena spat out as she turned her head sideways but still did not turn around to face the bard.

"Well what if she does like me? It's not like you care any more! All you do is mope around this room all day and then you do, goddess knows, what else at night! You haven't touched me in weeks! How do you think that makes me feel?"

"Gabrielle, I'll kill her if she touches you again," Xena said through gritted teeth. Her tone left absolutely no room for further discussion. Gabrielle let out a long exhale of breath and sat heavily on the bed. The sudden silence in the room was deafening. Xena examined the stars in the night sky and tried to pick out Isiphae's roof among the dark streets of the city. She wanted to go over to Gabrielle and tell her she was sorry but she feared her rage would boil over again and she would be helpless to control it. She concentrated on regaining the power over her senses and after a while her heart beat at its normal pace.

Gabrielle broke the silence. "Xena, we can't go on this way. You need to tell me what's going on," the bard said quietly with a pain in her voice that tugged at Xena's heart. Nevertheless, Xena said nothing.

The bard walked up behind the warrior and put her arms around Xena's waist, hugging her gently as she pressed her face against the back of her shoulder. Xena rubbed the bard's forearm silently reassuring Gabrielle that she still loved her. The bard hugged her tighter and Xena relaxed into the softness of Gabrielle's breasts. It had been weeks since she let Gabrielle comfort her in any way and she was surprised at how much she missed the bard's touch. She closed her eyes and wished that things were different. She wished she could tell Gabrielle the things she told Isi but right now it just wasn't possible. She silently cursed the demons that possessed her soul.

"Xena," Gabrielle said quietly into her back. "Are you going out tonight?"

"I don't know."

"You don't have to, you know," the bard answered. "Here, let me help you unhook this," she said as she released the hooks on Xena's weighted armour. Gabrielle placed the armour on the floor and rejoined her arms around Xena's waist. Her lips brushed against the back of Xena's shoulder and the warrior shuddered at her touch. Maybe she could confess to Gabrielle her horrific visions, she thought.

"Don't go, Xena. Stay with me tonight," Gabrielle whispered.

"Gabrielle..." Xena turned around. The bard stared back at her as she clasped both of Xena's hands and silently led her to the bed. She knelt before her and began removing the leather bracers above the warrior's boots. Xena's head swooned with desire as the bard's actions assaulted her senses. Her mind drifted back to the memories of years before when Isiphae had knelt before her as a prelude to their lovemaking. She was reminded of the irony that when she talked to Isi, she had wished it was Gabrielle and now that Gabrielle was before her, all she could think of was Isiphae. She thought of her former lover's imprisoned body as she had totally surrendered to Xena's warrior lust. She envisioned Isi's delicious flesh as she eagerly submitted to Xena's powerful urges and willingly took the warrior's mark so many winters ago. There was no way she could tell Gabrielle about any of that.

Xena was jolted out of her reverie as she felt Gabrielle's hands on her thighs. The bard began kissing the tender flesh uncovered by the protection of her leather bracers. Xena stopped her abruptly.

"No, don't." Xena stood up as she stepped around the kneeling bard.

"What's the matter, Xena?" Gabrielle looked up, disappointment and confusion crossed her face.

"You can't," Xena went directly to her armour and began the task of putting back on the heavy gear. She had to get out of there before things really got out of control.

"Why can't I, Xena? I want to," said the confused bard.

"No you don't, Gabrielle. Not like that." Xena started for the door, her armour and bracers back in place. Gabrielle ran to the door to stop the warrior. She spread her arms across the door's width.

"Wait! Xena, why are you running away? Tell me what's going on!" she demanded.

"Get out of my way," Xena answered evenly. She was having a hard time even looking at Gabrielle because all she could see was her surrender. Nevertheless, she held her emotions in check. All she wanted to do was get out of the suddenly stifling room. Xena could see Gabrielle's face flushed with anger, desire, and even fear as the bard bravely put herself between Xena and the exit. She cursed herself as her insides shook at the powerful intoxicant of Gabrielle's fear.

"No! Xena, tell me!" she yelled.

Xena stared at the younger woman as her heart beat wildly in frustration. She longed to have the bard submit to her ravaging warrior lust but she wasn't sure Gabrielle could understand all that it encompassed. As well, she was terrified of hurting the young girl no matter what her best intentions. She fought the powerful impulses that drove her but her iron clad resolve rapidly dissolved into a molten fire. Surely she must be going mad, she reasoned.

Xena leaned closer to Gabrielle and tentatively brushed the bard's lips with her own. She kissed Gabrielle more earnestly as her breath quickened and her hands freely roamed the younger woman's body. She felt Gabrielle relax into her as she moaned in response to Xena's strong hands. The hot warrior blood coursed through her veins making her kisses more insistent and ferocious. She shoved her hand under Gabrielle's green top and roughly squeezed the soft mound of flesh. She pinched hard on an erect nipple until she heard Gabrielle gasp as the bard surprisingly pulled Xena closer.

"Is this what you want, Gabrielle?" she taunted as she pinned the smaller woman upright against the door and pressed her armour harshly against the younger woman's frame.

"Yes, Xena, please," Gabrielle breathed hotly, "Don't leave me this way."

That was all the impetus Xena needed. Her eyes flashed darkly as she swept Gabrielle off her feet and carried the smaller woman to the vacant bed. She unceremoniously dropped the bard on the bed and frantically began pulling off her clothes. Gabrielle was quickly naked and the warrior breathed in deeply at the lovely vision before her. She removed her sword and chakram but didn't bother to extricate her armour or any leatherwear as her hands shook uncontrollably in anticipation. Xena knelt on the bed and crushed the bard's lips with her own as her tongue demanded entrance into the warm opening. Her hands had a mind of their own as they ravished Gabrielle's pliant flesh provoking the bard's body to heave and thrash at the warrior's touch. Xena was again surprised at how much she had missed the joy of making love with her beloved bard.

The warrior's blood was completely immersed in the erotic craving that consumed her soul as she seized both of Gabrielle's wrists and pinned them high above her head. The bard struggled beneath her exciting Xena beyond all rational thought. Xena broke away from the fiery kiss.

"Gabrielle, don't bother struggling, you won't get away from me," her sultry voice hotly whispered in the bard's ear. Her tongue led a blistering trail down the side of Gabrielle's neck to her shoulder. Xena bit firmly on the tender flesh there.

"Xena!" Gabrielle gasped. "Please!" she panted as she arched her slippery mound against Xena's thigh. In a lightening quick move, Xena deftly switched Gabrielle's imprisoned wrists to one hand even as the bard continued her fruitless struggle against the power of the Warrior Princess. Xena's free hand paved the way down Gabrielle's body as the warrior's hungry mouth captured an erect nipple. She sucked hard on the little nub and grinned at the bard's ecstatic response. She released the little bud just as Gabrielle raised her body off the bed.

"You're going to be mine, little bard," Xena panted.

Xena adeptly moved back up Gabrielle's body to once again reclaim the exquisite mouth of her delirious lover. Her body moved rhythmically to her own warrior dance and her hand found its way between Gabrielle's wet centre. She plunged two fingers into the entrance of the burning cave as she emitted an animal growl into the bard's hot mouth. Gabrielle moaned loudly in response and thrust her pelvis at Xena giving her greater access into the soft pliant folds. Xena shifted her weight to gain better access to her captured prize as she aligned her drenched centre on Gabrielle's thigh. She smeared a wet spot on the soft flesh despite the barrier of her undergarments.

"Ahh, yes, Xena!" the younger woman moaned. "Please." Gabrielle could hardly get the words out as she again struggled to free her wrists from Xena's vice-like grip. It was useless.

Xena toyed with the sensitive nub between Gabrielle's legs driving the young woman to further excitement. Her mouth lightly nipped at the soft flesh of the bard's neck as the intense friction against Gabrielle's thigh produced an unbearable liquid heat.

"Please, Xena," Gabrielle pleaded. "I'm yours."

"Yes, Gabrielle, you're mine," Xena moaned. "All mine." She increased the tempo of her fingers in the bard's overflowing centre. The walls of the small cave gripped tightly around her as Xena explored the depths with wicked abandon. She wanted to possess Gabrielle as she penetrated steadily in a mirrored cadence to her own rising climax building a heat that both women knew would soon erupt into a volcanic explosion. Gabrielle arched her hips in response to the warrior's unwavering devotion until the ardent ministrations escalated into a furious pace. Faster and faster Xena's fingers moved in and out as the young woman's hips bucked wildly as she neared her imminent orgasm. Xena kept a matching rhythm of her own as she felt the fiery currents of warrior lust surge through her every nerve ending. She was unable to hold back the dam of fire any longer as her body was swept by scorching waves of passionate heat.

"Xena! I...." Gabrielle screamed beneath her as her words were cut off by her own orgasmic wave of ecstasy. Her back arched once last time and then she slowly relaxed down to the comfort of the bed. It was then that Xena finally released her wrists. The warrior slowly retracted her fingers from Gabrielle's wet centre and slumped her armoured and leatherclad form in a collapsed heap atop the smaller woman. Both women took in a few deep long breaths.

"All mine now," Xena breathed heavily into the bard's ear.

"Yes, Xena, my Warrior Princess," Gabrielle said endearingly. The mention of the title her army had bestowed upon her prompted a renewed onslaught of warrior lust in Xena. She hungrily sought out the bard's open mouth and then was unexpectedly flooded with scenes of her nightmares that once again revealed the shiny dagger from her warlord days. It taunted her as a reminder that her past would never escape her. She tried to clear the apparition from her head but the hot warrior blood coursed through her veins and the dagger became like a shining beacon of enticement.

"No!" she shouted and brusquely pulled herself off Gabrielle and stood at the side of the bed.

"What's the matter, Xena?" Gabrielle asked, perplexed by Xena's erratic behaviour.

"What am I doing?" the warrior exclaimed as she looked around the room in a daze. She cautiously backed away from the bed and buried her face in her hands.

"No, no, no," she moaned into her hands.

"Xena, it's okay. I'm fine," Gabrielle reassured her as she stood and tried to get Xena to sit on the bed.

Once again the vision of the gleaming dagger mocked Xena and she was unable to shake the unwanted image out of her head.

"Gabrielle, I can't," she wailed as she retrieved her weapons and headed for the door.

"Can't what?" the bard cried helplessly. "Xena, wait!" she screamed as the door slammed shut before her.

Gabrielle dragged herself to the bed after Xena left and cried for a long time. She lay on her side as the tears flowed out of her in utter frustration and confusion. Why did Xena flee? she wondered. The bard thought she had finally pierced the brooding armour of the Warrior Princess but she realised it had only served to push her further away. Gabrielle couldn't help but melt at the familiarity to the expression on Xena's face during their lovemaking. It was warrior lust. She recognized it as the same expression Xena carried in battle. She used to fear that look but now it was all she could do to suppress her needful longing for the warrior to overpower her. The passion scared her and yet her knees trembled at the thought of the power Xena wielded over her. She was more than willing to give herself up in total surrender to the Warrior Princess. It was what she had written in her poem earlier that night but she was sure Xena had not been listening. She wondered again what had frightened Xena so much. What inner demon tormented her so? Gabrielle didn't know but she got up off the bed determined to find out.

Gabrielle traced Xena's movements to the Wicked Wing. At first, it wasn't easy as the warrior had a good head start on her but she asked everyone in sight if they saw Xena. A distraught Warrior Princess was something people remembered. Eventually, she discovered the hideaway tavern. It wasn't very crowded. Gabrielle approached the counter and waited for the barkeep hoping to get information on Xena's whereabouts.

"Hey, little girl, you don't look like no warrior," said a leather clad man behind Gabrielle who breathed ale into her hair. He stood very close to her and unsteadily tried to hold his balance.

Gabrielle turned around and giggled nervously, "Ah, no I'm looking for my friend. She's a warrior. Maybe you heard of her. Xena?"

"Xena? You don't want to mess around with Xena, do you? I heard she's pretty mean," the man slurred his words. "Besides, she just went around back with Isiphae----." the man's words were cut off as another warrior interrupted their conversation.

"Hey! Gradicus, leave the young lady alone. You never know, she might be one of Xena's friends," a man said from behind Gabrielle, "and Xena wouldn't be happy if you tried anything out of line," he cautioned. Gabrielle twisted her neck quickly grateful that there might be someone who could tell her where Xena was.

"Hi, there, have you seen Xena?" she asked in her best cheerful tone. She discreetly moved away from the drunken warrior as the man staggered away.

"Hi, I'm Ambreus. I did see Xena but she's gone now. You just missed her."

"Really? Do you think she's coming back? I mean, she was supposed to meet me here. Do you know where she went?" Gabrielle lied and hoped that he could give her more information.

"Maybe you mixed up the days or something, but I'm telling you she left. What's your name? If she comes back, I could tell her you were here," Ambreus offered.

"Ah, that's okay. I'll come back tomorrow. Maybe it was supposed to be tomorrow, " the bard said apprehensively as she suddenly realised that Xena would really be angry with her if she knew Gabrielle had followed her. As well, she feared Xena might be back at the inn by now.

"Thanks for your help," she said as she waved to Ambreus and hurried out the door. She ran all the way back to the inn, more afraid of Xena's wrath than any of the warlords that frequented the tavern she'd just come from.

When Gabrielle left, Ambreus shook his head at the barkeep as he appeared from the back room.

"Do you believe it? A little girl like her following the Warrior Princess around like that. Good thing Isi and Xena are long gone," he said with relief.

"Well, you know how Xena is, keeps one in every stable."

Both men laughed heartily.

Gabrielle got back to the room and tried to catch her breath. She was relieved that Xena wasn't back yet but she worried where she had gone to in her distressed condition. She changed into her sleeping clothes and wet her flushed face to calm her nerves. The idea of Xena going to the warlords tavern gnawed at the back of her mind. She got the distinct impression that Xena had been there but the man didn't want to tell her. And who in Hades was Isiphae? she wondered. Is that who she's been going to see every night? Gabrielle pushed that thought from her mind because she didn't want to think of Xena being with another woman behind her back. No, she admonished herself. Xena would never do that. Never.

She silently cursed the Horde. Ever since they ran into the Horde, everything changed. Xena became withdrawn and sullen. She was more edgy and even downright jittery. Gabrielle had never seen her like that before. She supposed it was a form of warrior lust but Xena wouldn't talk about it and the bard had no way of knowing what thoughts were bouncing around inside Xena's head. She wondered how horrible they could be that Xena would not share them with her. It didn't matter to her, though. She would take all of Xena. The good and the bad.

Gabrielle closed her eyes and hoped that Morpheus would come swiftly so she wouldn't have to think about Xena anymore.