Senior student Ed gains a strange new friend.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 1 (MF, 1st, caution, inc, mc, nc, oral, parody, impreg?, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Silence....eternal silence...until it wasn't.

Suddenly, a whistling sound broke through the monotonous, noiseless vacuum of space as the meteoroid entered the atmosphere and became, by definition, a meteor. Now awake, the creature within huddled inside the deepest part of the interstellar rock as the outer surface heated up dramatically from the friction.

Down, down, the rock fell, parts of it sloughing off as it became red hot and melted away. It became smaller and smaller, and the creature screamed as it felt its own flesh burn.

Then the rock, now only slightly larger than its precious payload, hit the surface of the planet, becoming, by definition, a meteorite, and the creature lost consciousness.

---

It came awake. It didn't know how long it had been dormant, but the atmosphere of its new home was cool on its skin, very welcome after the scorching it had taken! It was injured, and needed to replenish its biomass. It cast out, sensing for compatible material, and then slithered toward a structure in the distance.

---

"Fuck me, Ed!"

Ed Doughtry, 18 years old, had his hot, bubble-bodied blonde classmate Charisma bent over his living room sofa, her round, tanned asscheeks bouncing as he rammed his hard cock deep into her wet pussy. She was wearing her cheerleading outfit, the skirt flipped up onto her back, and her panties were long gone.

Ed knew that this was a dream. With his less-than-handsome looks, skinny frame and small penis, there was no way outside of dreamland that he would be able to even carry on a stimulating conversation with Charisma, much less have sex with her. But he didn't care...this felt good, and he was going to cum soon!

"Cum in my mouth, Ed!" Charisma urged him, and he pulled out. She quickly dropped to her knees and sucked his small but hard cock between her lips. As she started to bob her head on his member, her tongue stimulating the underside, he felt his cum rising.

Finally, he grunted his pleasure as his semen splashed into her mouth. Charisma kept sucking his cock, swallowing his seed and making him feel amazing.

Munch!

"Uh?" Ed looked down. Charisma was chewing on something, and swallowed it down just as he realized that she had taken a bite out of his penis! It hadn't hurt, so, in shock, he hesitated just a moment too long before she opened her mouth and engulfed the rest of it. "Wait--!" he yelled, but it was too late (munch!). His cock, small as it had been, was now entirely gone, chewed off by his dream girl. But where was the blood? he stupidly wondered as he stumbled back. He looked down between his legs, now also strangely free of pubic hair. Aside from his ballsack, he looked like a Ken doll now! He screamed.

He sat up in bed, still screaming.

Knock knock! "Eddie?" He heard his mother call from the other side of his bedroom door.

Ed shook his head. Of course it had been a dream, but that last part had been deranged! "I'm fine, Mom, I just..." He pulled back his bed sheet to confirm that his cock was just as expected. "...what the FUCK?!"

His door flew open. "What is it, Edd--?" his mother asked, wide-eyed, and then her gaze fell between his legs. "--duhh..."

Ed wanted to cover himself back up, but he could only stare at what was now between his legs. It was a penis, but not HIS penis; it was much too large, about 8 inches in length, and it was pale blue! As he watched, the long, half-hard phallus danced in his lap, hypnotically, like a snake.

He heard his door close and looked up. His mother was just standing there, staring at the blue penis-snake-thing, her mouth open, her eyes glassy. "Mom?" Then he felt a warmth rush through his body, and his eyes fell to his mother's chest, noting how the late thirty-seven year old woman's large breasts pushed out her tight blouse. His gaze fell lower, taking in her round hips and shapely, nylon-clad legs under her skirt. Mrs. Doughtry was a sexy MILF, Ed realized for the first time in his life. He felt his new cock hardening at the sight of her.

"It's so beautiful..." Ed's Mom said as she climbed onto the bed with him.

"Mom?"

She reached forward and took a hold of the blue cock, which was even bigger now...10 inches? Ed gasped...despite it not looking like his own, he felt her warm hand on it, and it felt good! She started to stroke, and he moaned in pleasure. The fact that his own mother was masturbating him should have bothered him, but his body felt primed for sex, no matter who it was with. He lay back and watched his mother stare at his new cock adoringly as she whacked it up and down.

"I gotta taste it," she murmured, and lowered her mouth to take it in.

Ed had a momentary fright as he flashed back to his dream, but once her hot, wet mouth surrounded the cock, he lay there and enjoyed the sensation of an experienced woman pleasuring him. His mother's wavy auburn hair fell forward, obscuring her face, which helped to quiet some of the incestuous concerns milling about at the back of his mind as his mother fellated him.

If this had been his own cock, he would have probably blown his load by now, he realized. Something about this strange new phallus was increasing his sexual endurance.

Zippp! His mother unfastened her skirt and then climbed astride him. She rubbed her panty-clad pussy along the hard flesh of his new cock, making them both groan. After a few seconds of this, she reached down, ripped a hole in the crotch of her panty hose, and pulled the gusset of her panties aside. Ed's new cock practically slithered inside his mother's sultry depths.

"Oh Goddd..." she moaned, "so biggg..."

Ed, a virgin until that moment, couldn't believe how good pussy felt! His mother's vagina gripped him firmly, and yet it was soft and yielding to his firm flesh. He realized that something was bothering him...when had he started to think of the new cock as his? It wasn't even the same color as his pale pink skin! That thought flew out of his mind as his mother pulled up a bit and then pushed down, taking more than half of his new cock inside herself. It felt so good!

With some more effort on her part, she took all of him, the flared head kissing at her cervix. Feeling her son deeper inside her than any other man had ever been, she orgasmed. "Uhh-hh!" She felt constricted, and quickly removed her blouse.

Ed stared at his mother's D-cup breasts, barely restrained by her brassiere as she started to bounce upon him. He felt her nylon-clad legs rubbing against his sides as she rose and fell, sliding up and down his hard member.

One one hard thrust, the head of his cock tapped her cervix again and she had another small cum. "Mm!" She reached back and unfastened her bra, letting her massive mammaries spill forth.

"Holy shit!" Ed murmured as his mother's fantastic boobs bobbled above his face. He reached his arms around her to pull her closer to him, and buried his face between those fleshy mounds. He also moved his hands lower, pulling on his mother's hips in order to grind their sexual organs together.

She moved upon him faster. Another orgasm was coming, and she rushed toward it.

Ed felt his testicles retracting, preparing for his own orgasm. He was strangely unconcerned about his cock being deep inside his mother without the protection of a condom, and he had no idea if she was fertile at that moment. All that mattered was the release; he knew it was going to be big! He took one of his mother's wide nipples into his mouth and sucked.

"Unhh!" she moaned.

Ed felt her pussy clamp down on his cock. That pushed him over the edge, and he instinctively thrust his hips up to get maximum penetration as his cum rushed up his lengthy new cock shaft and hosed the tiny entrance to his mother's womb. "Auhhh!" he cried out.

"OHHH!" she moaned huskily as her own son inseminated her, the sensation of his hot cum shooting deep inside her extending her own orgasm.

At the mouth of her spasming cervix, small blue spermatozoa pushed and pushed, many slipping through into her womb and heading toward their target.

Soon, both of their orgasms complete, mother and child lay there, intertwined and breathing heavily.

After a few minutes, Mrs. Doughtry sat back and looked down at her son in horror. "Ed! What did we do?"

"Oh shit!" Ed said, finally coming back to himself.

"Don't cuss!" his mother admonished him before pulling herself off of his new cock. "Uhh..." she moaned in an afterorgasm. She recovered and quickly grabbed her clothes. "I don't know what came over me, Ed, but don't tell your father!" Then she was out the door.

*Ah, that was what I needed.*

Ed heard that voice from all around him, but couldn't see anyone. "Who said that?"

*Me! Down here, loverboy.* Ed's new cock twitched.

Ed stared at the softening blue phallus, covered in slightly blue-tinged semen. "My penis is talking?"

*I sure am, Ed! Call me Perry.*

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)