Trisha's Terrible Talent Show - continuation
Post by Debbifan 

Part One

Trisha was on cloud nine. All four nervous girls had turned up and had been led into her house. She had set up the back garden just ready for the event. The decking made a great makeshift catwalk and currently there was three boys and four girls from the street sat on garden chairs facing the stage. The four girls were now surrounded by Trisha and five members of her gang. No one had said anything since arriving, too scared of what might be about to happen to them.

“Welcome girls!” Trisha announced loudly making a couple of the girls jump.

“Now no interrupting me or you’ll be punished!" She laughed cracking her knuckles. The four girls had gathered in close, like a flock of sheep surrounded by wolves. Perfect Trisha thought, as she grinned menacingly at them.

“We are going to have a Miss Estate competition. You're each going to have a turn modeling on my cat walk outside in front of the crowd. After that we’re going to have a talent round before the voting to decide the loser. By the way you’ll each be doing that in your underwear!" she announced laughing. She held up a hand as the girls looked about to interrupt in their shock.

“Whoever is voted the loser by the crowd and us will have to do another round of modeling and talent, but this time totally naked” Her eyes were wild now. “If any of you go against me now, I’ll not only share your naked photos and videos with everyone at school but... We’ll also strip you naked right here anyway and have some fun with you”

She let her words sink in, they all knew her reputation and had heard rumors about what had happened to that poor naked girl in the park. They were surrounded by some of the toughest girls on the block and couldn't see much of a way out of it.

“So who’s first!” Trisha laughed with glee.

*****

The four girls looked at each other in horror. They had spent most of their school life steering well clear of Trisha and her crew of bullies and their strategy had been totally successful thus far. Now they were suddenly pitched into their worst nightmare. They had known that whatever was in store for them today was going to be nothing good but Trisha's announcement had confirmed all their fears and for one unlucky member of the gang, it seemed as if it was going to be far more than their worst fears.

I suppose at this point we should really become acquainted with our four hapless victims. The de facto leader of the gang was Rose. Well she was blonde and blondes are natural leaders, right ? And her sense of entitlement was all the greater since she had sprouted impressive tits before any of the others and because her parents were both successful lawyers and members of the local Tory council. Then there was Debbi. Pretty, pert and petite. Brunette, an enticing mix of English mother and Italian father, she inherited the best aspects of both parents. Her parents ran an upmarket Italian restaurant, no common or garden pizza joint. That gave Debbi a special connection with the third member of the tight knit group Tiffany, who was also of mixed parentage and whose parents also ran a restaurant. Tiffany was the product of a Chinese mother and Italian father, which softened her Asian features in a particularly attractive way.

The final member of the quartet was something of the odd one out. Emma. Her parents had nothing much to distinguish them. She lived closest to the scruffy estate terrorized by Trisha and her gang. And she remained frustratingly flat chested while her friends started to emerge into young womanhood. Her membership of the group was really a hangover from primary school days when such differences were less apparent. The other three had kept her on, though had taken to calling her Mouse in a mixture of affection and condescension. Nobody would call Emma ugly but it was clear that she was outshone by the others.

Whatever, all four were currently stuck in the same boat. "Don't stand there gawping" Trisha demanded. "Get your clothes off and give them to the girls here, they'll put them somewhere safe so you don't have to worry" she laughed maliciously. Her five cronies stood by expectantly. The whole menacing situation was designed to keep the four girls off guard, giving them no time to come up with any strategy. They all began to reluctantly get undressed while Trisha went out to address the audience.

The four girls and three boys from the estate had already been primed by Trisha before the girls arrival and so had some idea what to expect. Her speech now was primarily for the benefit of the victims who could not help but overhear as they cowered in the kitchen. "OK. listen up you lot" Trisha began. "As you know, we are having a Miss Estate competition. We have four snooty bitches desperate to be elected. They are going to parade for you in their underwear and then stay like that for a talent contest after which you lot get to vote." Cheers from the boys, laughter from the girls. They knew Trisha could always be relied upon to put on a good show. "Now I know none of you chavs will ever have been to a theatre" Trisha continued. " I have" one of the boys piped up. "Yeah, well, anyway. In theatres they always announce that any filming or taking of photographs is expressly forbidden" she carried on. "Boo" piped up the same boy, chancing his luck. Trisha held up her hands for quiet. "But we ain't in no theatre, so you can take as many photos as you like !" This was greeted by more cheering from all but the four girls listening from the kitchen. "But no posting online or you'll answer to me and you know what that means" Trisha warned.

"So, let's get this show on the road. Who's first ?" asked Trisha again. Rose had decided that she ought to show a lead and get it over with and she was first to emerge from the kitchen. This appearance was greeted by wolf whistles but Trisha was initially disappointed at the comparative lack of flesh on show. Rose was wearing a one piece cream color silk camisole. What kind of teen wears something like that thought Trisha ? But then she realized a snobby teen like Rose would, following the lead of her stuck up mother. And on second thoughts, Trisha saw that it did afford some possibilities. "Ah, we have the lovely Rose" Trisha began. She was compering the proceedings. "And what pray is that garment ?" she enquired archly. "It's a camisole" replied Rose. "Oh, a camisole" mimicked Trisha. "How very posh. How la-di-da." Her cronies and the estate kids laughed dutifully.

"So, tell me Rose. Why do you want to be Miss Estate ?" asked Trisha. This threw Rose. She didn't want to be Miss Estate. What the hell was Miss Estate anyway and who on earth would want to be it ? But in the end she could not stop herself and she revealed her true thoughts. " I want to prove that I am so much better than the bunch of thickos and losers that live around here" she blurted out. Unsurprisingly, this elicited loud boos from the assembled boys and girls of the estate. Rose looked alarmed. Had she miscalculated. Trisha moved closer. "Well, that's an honest answer at least, though not an altogether popular one" she conceded. "How does this camisole work anyway ?" Trisha asked rhetorically, stressing the word camisole and reaching out to pull the neckline forward. "No" cried Rose in further alarm as Trisha peered down at her breasts. "Well, those are real I see" she laughed, as she let the top fall back into place. "I have to admit that I'm not used to a camisole" Trisha stressed the word again "but I'm pretty sure that it's still possible to make a wedgie." And with that she reached behind Rose and tugged upwards viciously !

Rose squealed in discomfort as her buttocks were bared and worse still, the loose fitting leg holes gaped dangerously at the front and threatened to give glimpses of her shaven pussy. "Now, parade up and down the catwalk for the folks here and don't you dare try to pick that wedgie out of your ass" demanded Trisha. Rose obediently began to parade for the estate kids who mocked mercilessly. "Right to the end. Stop. Do a twirl. Once more." Trisha barked out instructions. "Stand over there and wait while the others have their turn." Trisha indicated the side of the stage in clear view. Rose's decision to go first was not looking such a good one. "Next" yelled Trisha.

If the other three had been worried before, their anxiety had risen several notches having just witnessed the humiliation of their leader. "So, it's the delightful Debbi" Trisha informed her audience, as the pretty brunette emerged from the kitchen wearing a tight white crop top and the briefest of yellow knickers that could have been a size too small for her. One of Trisha's cronies accompanied Debbi nervously. "Trish, we weren't sure if that top qualified as underwear. We wondered if she should come out topless ?" Trisha grinned. She had seen that Debbi only had this crop top under her dungarees when she arrived. In truth, Debbi hated bras and never wore one except for school and sports. Her perky and firm tits enabled her to get away with it. They had been having this debate in the kitchen amongst Trisha's crew and to Debbi's relief, Trisha resisted the temptation. "No" she decided. "Titties only come out when we have our loser." She studied Debbi's top. "Anyway, we can all see those pokies sticking out as it is" she chuckled. And it was true, Debbi's nipples could be discerned through the material, not to mention a camel toe in those tight yellow knickers !

"OK Debbi. What we all want to know is, why do you want to be Miss Estate ?" Debbi had heard the impossible question posed earlier to Rose and had tried to think of a reply. "My parents always told me that I should strive to do my best in whatever I'm involved with" she replied. Trisha pounced. "Sounds a bit goody goody to me. What do you think guys ?" she addressed her crowd, who agreed. "Do you always do what your parents tell you Debbi ? Have you never done anything naughty ? Apart from skinny dipping of course" she added with a sneer. Debbi wracked her brain. In truth skinny dipping with the girls was her one rebellion. "Well, I once got on the train without a ticket because the office was shut and the machine broken. I wanted to pay on the train but the man didn't come around before my station, so I travelled without paying." She blushed at the memory. Trisha threw up her arms in mock outrage. "That is so bad. That is bordering on evil ! Watch out guys, we've got a wild one here" she joked with the estate kids, whose main leisure activities were shoplifting and criminal damage !

"Off you go then, do your little turn." Debbi somehow managed to get her legs working as she obeyed Trisha's harsh commands to walk, pose, turn and so on. All the while enduring the jeers and laughter. "Right, go and stand with the other one" Trisha commanded harshly. "Next." This is more like it thought Trisha, as Tiffany's appearance was greeted by more whistles and stamping. The part Chinese girl was the only one of the four who was wearing a thong today, a fetching pink one. She also had a lacy black bra. "Not wearing a matching set then I see" said Trisha, pouncing on the discrepancy. "Still, I'm sure the boys will like the thong, give them a little twirl now" she insisted. Tiffany reluctantly showed her virtually bare bum to the audience, to more crude comments. "You know by now what I'm going to ask Tiffany. Why do you want to be Miss Estate ?" Tiffany had also used her time to think. "I'm competitive. I've been in piano playing competitions and I play to win" she answered. It was true that her Chinese mum was one of those Tiger Mothers who drove their offspring forward relentlessly. Trisha was for once stumped for a comeback and so contented herself with making Tiffany parade along the catwalk twice as long as the others before joining the other two at the side. "Oh, and stand facing the wall, let the boys see your bum."

It was time for the final member of the quartet to make her entrance. Poor Emma. She wore a matching plain white bra and pants set. Sensible underwear one could call it, though it still displayed an uncomfortable amount of flesh as far as Emma was concerned. She was finally developing something of a womanly curve to her ass but her breasts remained resolutely flat. It was painfully clear that the bra was not hiding much more than her nipples. Instead of the expected question Trisha began with "Why do they call you Mouse ?" Emma stumbled. "Er, um..." Trisha interrupted. "Is it because you're small and pathetic ?" she said cruelly. Emma blushed. "No, er, it's just a nickname" she countered, looking around at her three friends desperately. "Well, I think it's because you're small and pathetic" Trisha decided. "Say it, say 'I'm small and pathetic'" Emma whispered. "I'm small and pathetic."

Unfortunately for Emma, Trisha was on a roll. "Louder" she cried. "I'm small and pathetic" Emma forced herself to say it so that all could hear. "Yet you still want to be Miss Estate ? Tell me Mouse, why do you want to be Miss Estate ?" Emma was the only one who answered truthfully. "Because I don't want to have to be up here naked !" Trisha laughed. "You don't want to be naked ? Like the day you were born ? In your birthday suit ? Totally nude ?" She dragged out the word 'nude'. "Oh well, we'll see about that won't we ? Anyway, off you go on your little walk. Nothing's decided until after the talent show !"


Part Two

"Go back in the kitchen for a second ladies while we set up" cried Trisha. The four apprehensive friends obediently did so. Trisha followed them in. "I'm afraid we don't run to a piano here Tiffany so you will not be able to show your competitive streak in that way" she said sarcastically. "In fact, since you didn't know there was going to be a talent contest and won't have prepared anything, we've done all the hard work for you. You're all going to be rap stars" she announced. The perplexed girls just looked at each other. "You may think we are all hopeless chavs but while you were parading about outside, Deacon here was writing a nice little poem for each of you to recite." Trisha indicated a black youth who had come to stand in the doorway. "Deacon's a poet" she exaggerated "And he also has a little karaoke screen we're setting up. All you have to do is read your lines and show us your best moves !" The girls remained speechless. "Don't worry, you'll all run through it twice so you'll know the words by the second time and can concentrate on your dance in the instrumental break" Trisha laughed.

Trisha left them to go and explain the upcoming entertainment to the audience. Deacon explained a little more to the girls. "There's a minute or so of intro before your words start scrolling, so you can start to move and get the tempo and rhythm of the song and work out where to look on the screen" he said helpfully.

The same order was retained and so it was Rose who first emerged into the sunlight to mocking applause. A heavy bass beat commenced with a simple synth underlay. Rose began to move her hips awkwardly as she gained her bearings and zeroed in on the screen. "Here, you'll need this" barked Trisha, handing Rose a cordless mic just in time as the words began to scroll. Rose began to intone automatically.

'Hi there folks, my name is Rose
Dancin' for you all without any clothes
Well, that's not exactly so
Because I have my camisole !

Miss Estate's what I wanna be, so ev-er-y-body vote for me
Don't wanna lose so I'm shakin' my titties
Makin' sure you don't get to see my kitty

Don't wanna hear no laughs, don't wanna hear no snickers
Even though I'm prancin' a-round in my knickers !
Can't you see I'm better than you ?
No I am, really, I am, it's true
So what if I'm stripped to my underwear
At least I'm not a chav and I don't care.

Hi there folks, my name is Rose
Dancin' for you all without any clothes
Well, that's not exactly so
Because I have my camisole !'

Rose was mortified at her lyrics. The words had stopped scrolling but the beat pounded on. "Come on, shake it, let's see some moves" yelled Trisha. Rose knew the 'poem' would scroll through one more time for her to repeat. She had never felt so humiliated, her usual calm and arrogance deeply disturbed.

Once again, having finished, she had to go and stand by the side of the stage while the other three performed. The backing music and the middle two verses were the same for all four. Deacon had only had time to customize the initial verse that would be repeated at the end. Next up was Debbi. Never a natural mover, she tried to insert some enthusiasm into her choreography but the result was more comical than sexy, much to Trisha's amusement as those tight yellow knickers started to disappear into Debbi's ass crack.

'Look at me, my name's Deb-ee
Dancin' in my knickers for the world to see
Ev-er-y-body's lookin' at me
Look at me, my name's Deb-ee'

And so on with the same verses as Rose. Debbi's moves became ever more manic and desperate before her second reprise, after which she could thankfully go and join Rose by the side of the stage.

Tiffany had the advantage of seeing how the others had fared and how the thing worked. Piano or no piano, her competitive streak served her well and she bounded on stage in a much more natural and relaxed state. Aided by her lingerie, she was also the most overtly sexy.

'I'm Tiff-a-ny, do you think it's wrong
That I'm dancin' for you all in just a thong ?
Baring my bum for you all to see
I'm a pianist by the name of Tiff-a-ny !'

OK, it couldn't be said that she was enjoying herself but Tiffany was giving it her best shot, acting out the second and third verses and interacting with the audience with gestures and eye contact.

If Tiffany had benefitted from going third, there was no advantage to Emma in being last. What little confidence she did have was draining out of her. She stepped out onto the catwalk like a condemned prisoner and froze like a deer in the headlights. Mouse barely moved to the pounding rhythm but somehow forced herself to begin reciting as the words scrolled.

'Look at who's crept into the house
Timid and quiet, it's little mouse
My bum's not bad but if I turn to the front
The boys'll be looking right at my.....'

Emma stopped and fled to her friends at the side of the stage. "I can't say that, I just can't" she cried. Trisha strode over. "What's the big problem ?" Emma was tearful. "It's not fair. I can't say that. None of the others had anything like that to say" she complained. The incessant beat continued to blare out and the lyrics scrolled pointlessly. "Ah, what's the matter ? Does ickle, wickle baby not like bad words ?" Trisha taunted. Her tone changed. "Get back out there and finish up" she ordered. "No, I'm finished, I just can't" said Emma. "OK, if that's how it is. But there may be consequences" Trisha concluded ominously.

"Well folks" she began to address the crowd. "It seems like the final contestant has ended prematurely. I'll give you a few minutes to collect your thoughts and then we'll move to the all important verdict !"

The other three friends clustered around Emma. Sure, there was some concern but beneath that, the main feeling was of relief. There seemed little doubt now about who the loser was going to be. "We're here for you Mouse" said Debbi, in a way that was meant to sound supportive but came out as sounding patronizing. Tiffany rolled her eyes. Emma had just gone numb.

"Right, so here's the deal" Trisha began. "We're going to go on the level of applause. As you know now, the loser is going to do another catwalk parade for you and perform another rap but this time they'll do it in the nude" There was raucous approval from the boys and catcalls and laughter from the girls. "That's right, bare ass naked" Trisha emphasized.

"OK, so each of you step forward when I call your name" she told the four girls. "First up, we have Rose" Rose came to the front of the stage. "Let's have your verdict" Trisha called. There was a smattering of decidedly lukewarm applause. Rose looked worried. She realized that she had rubbed this crowd up the wrong way with her open contempt for them.

"Tiffany come forward please" said Trisha. "And the verdict." The backyard erupted in a cacophony of stamps and whistles. The effort she had put in had been rewarded. Temporarily forgetting the embarrassment of parading in front of them in her skivvies, she blew kisses at the crowd and scampered happily back to join the others.

"I think now we'll have little Mouse, though I'm not sure how much of a performance you have to judge" Trisha laughed. If Mouse had come out like a woman condemned earlier, this time she seemed totally defeated. "And the verdict" intoned Trisha. There was the most desultory of slow handclaps that soon petered out altogether. Rose breathed a sigh of relief. Her applause hadn't been great but it was a standing ovation compared to the reception Emma had received. Emma held her face in her hands. "Oh dear, that doesn't look good does it my little rodent friend" whispered Trisha in her ear mercilessly.

"Oh, I almost forgot. Might as well do it properly. We haven't done Debbi." Trisha motioned Debbi forward. "Here for you babes" said Debbi to Emma as they passed. "And can we have the verdict for Debbi" called Trisha. Total silence. Complete and utter silence. The smile froze on Debbi's face. Emma looked confused. Was this a reprieve ? Rose was astonished. Tiffany began to laugh. "Well, that's a turn up" said a smirking Trisha. "Looks like those perky tits of yours are going to get an airing after all Debbi. And all the rest of course" she added. Debbi was dumbfounded. "Here for you babes" called Tiffany.


Part Three

The four girls had been herded back into the kitchen while more preparations took place outside. They could still hear the hum of the excited estate kids who were eagerly anticipating the climax of the entertainment. Debbi had been stunned by the unexpected turn of events but was now snapping out of it. "This can't be right, there's a mistake. I didn't lose, something's wrong. Mouse was hopeless, she didn't even finish" she protested angrily. Emma flinched but Tiffany put a supportive arm around her. "So what are you saying exactly ?" Tiffany demanded. "You're saying that you want Mouse to take the flak for you and go out there naked and parade in front of those plebs ? Is that what you want ?" This time Debbi flinched. "No, er, no, well, um, yeah, kinda" she admitted.

"That's not very nice is it ? Not very friendly, not very caring" Tiffany stormed. Trisha watched in contentment as the solidarity of the four girls collapsed. "No, well, OK, then let's just none of us do it. None of you take my place and I just refuse ?" Debbi suggested. "Well, that's always an option" Trisha interrupted. She took out her phone. "It simply means that I begin sending these around to all your contacts. To everyone at school" she added, flashing one of the incriminating photos at the four girls. "Plus of course we have a lot more material from today that clearly identifies you all and shows you willingly showing off your pretty undies" she laughed. She made as if to begin clicking messages on her phone.

"No, stop. No way" Rose screamed. "Debbi gets naked, we all agree don't we Tiff ?"

"Absolutely" agreed Tiffany decisively. "Mouse ?" asked Rose. "Um, yeah, I guess" replied Emma timidly, not looking Debbi in the eye. "Good, I'm glad you all see sense" said Trisha. "You three go with my girls" she gestured to three of her cronies. "They'll show you where your clothes are and you can get dressed." She turned to Debbi. "You, take your top and knickers off and give them to my other girls, they'll keep them safe."

"No wait, I didn't lose..." Debbi began but Trisha was now keeping things moving along at pace and the other three had already scuttled off to get fully clothed once more.

Of course the whole thing had been pre-planned. Trisha had pondered which of the four girls to make the sacrificial lamb. Emma was the obvious weak link and the natural victim. But that would have been too easy. Trisha had been there and done that with similar girls. She had thought of going to the other end of the scale and really taking down the group's leader, Rose. But she then saw that maybe long term, Rose was the kind of person that could be a useful ally to her. So it became a toss up between Tiffany and Debbi and Debbi had literally lost the toss of that coin. The kids from the estate had been instructed about how their applause was to go even before the four girls arrived earlier.

Ten minutes later and the atmosphere outside in front of the makeshift stage was now electric with anticipation. The audience of three estate boys and four girls, plus Trisha's entourage and Deacon the poet, was now swollen by the presence of Rose, Tiffany and Emma. Rose and Tiffany had regained their poise now they were back in their stylish clothes. Even Mouse looked much less nervous and vulnerable in her comfortable t-shirt and jeans. The three had been greeted by the rest of the audience like co-conspirators. They had managed to put their own embarrassing ordeals to the back of their minds. Hell, Rose and Tiffany were now looking forward to seeing their friend made a fool of and totally humiliated. There but for the Grace of God and all that. Schadenfreude !

Trisha called for quiet. "OK folks, we are all ready now for the moment you've all been waiting for. The unveiling, and I do mean the total, complete and utter unveiling, of our pathetic loser for the day. In her birthday suit, without a single stitch of clothing to her name, full frontal nude and bare ass naked, I give you Debbi !"

The kitchen door burst open and Debbi was shoved out blinking into the sunlight. The audience reaction was ecstatic as the pretty brunette stood there in a daze with one arm held across her chest and the other hand clamped to her pussy, bending over in the classic pose ! Trisha had done it. Debbi really was totally naked.


Part Four

Debbi continued to stay huddled over while the boys in the audience craned their necks to try to get a glimpse of the bare bum that she was not able to cover. Trisha left her to stew for thirty seconds before intervening. "That's no good Debbi. No covering. Stand up straight, hands by your sides" she commanded. Debbi didn't move. "I said stand up straight with no covering or these get posted" Trisha yelled. "Come on Deb, show us the goods" Tiffany called from the audience. Debbi slowly straightened up and dropped her arms. Catcalls and whistles from the crowd. "That's better" Trisha conceded. "Better yet, put your hands on your head." Debbi reluctantly complied.

The boys took in the sight of her small but perky breasts, topped off by her brown button nipples that were now standing out on stalks ! Debbi was sporting a full bush, though she had trimmed it. With the Italian half of her ancestry it would be gross if allowed to grow wild. "So, I think this outdoes travelling on the train without paying in the naughtiness stakes, don't you guys ?" Trisha began. The audience laughed. "Tell me Debbi, how does it feel to have all these rough kids from the estate looking at you and you aren't wearing any clothes at all ? Nothing, not a single stitch. Totally bare." Trisha was in her element. This was just as good as she had imagined it would be.

Debbi didn't answer Trisha's possibly rhetorical question, so her tormentor continued. "Well, I think they're all certainly enjoying the show. Look at them. Go on, make eye contact." Trisha had noted that this was something Debbi was studiously avoiding doing but now the pretty brunette had to force herself to do so. All those stupid kids she looked down on. And those big grins on the faces of Rose and Tiffany. Even Emma had the hint of a smile. Trisha had rightly surmised that having her three friends back fully clothed and normal would only increase and emphasize Debbi's own level of exposure. The neighborhood terror recognized that look in the eyes of Rose and Tiffany. It was the same look as her own; that of a hunter toying with its' prey.

Trisha picked out a particularly entranced lad from the audience. "Oi you. Is this the first pussy you've seen in real life ?" The boy flushed slightly but admitted that it was. "How about that then Debbi ? Yours is the first real life pussy he's seen ! Just imagine now every time he sees you walking in the town he'll know exactly what your tits and pussy look like and he can tell all his friends that he's seen them." Debbi was mortified. "Nothing to say ?" asked Trisha. "In that case, you can start your little promenade up and down the catwalk. They haven't had a proper look at that bum of yours yet."

Face blazing, Debbi started her walk along the catwalk to one end. "OK, stop. Give us a pose and a big smile" ordered Trisha. Debbi forced herself to comply, she just wanted this all over with as quickly as possible. "Now turn around, back to the audience." Debbi did so. "Feet apart a little." Debbi complied. "Right, now I want you to bend over and grab your ankles !" Trisha laughed. The audience laughed too. Debbi whimpered and looked across at Trisha imploringly but her bully simply held up the phone again threateningly. Debbi bent at the waist and grabbed hold of her ankles as best she could. "She's winking at me" one of the estate boys laughed. "Blimey Deb" said Tiffany. "That's a bit extreme. I don't reckon you've got any secrets left now at all !"

Trisha left her doubled over for a couple of minutes, two of the boys even risking edging forward for a closer look. "OK, back here, it's time for your song" said Trisha finally. "Deacon's already written a new set of lyrics for you and fed them into the machine." The music, such as it was, began to blare again as Trisha handed Debbi the mic. As the lyrics started to scroll, she began following them as best she could.

Hi there folks, do ya think it's rude
That I'm prancin' around for ya in the nude ?
I don't mind, I think it's cute
Showing you all my birthday suit

I think it's appropriate, think it fits
That all the estate boys can see my tits
Don't wanna be a prude, don't wanna act wussy
That's why I'm showing the world my pussy !
And just to prove I've got real class
You can take a picture of my ass

Look at me, my name's Deb-ee
Dancin' in the nude for the world to see
It really is a sight to see
A bare ass naked Miss Deb-ee !

"Well, that was a bit crap wasn't it ?" decided Trisha as the first run through finished. "We'll do it again but this time when it says tits, I want you to shake them for us. When it says pussy, you thrust your pelvis out and when it says ass, turn around bend over and give us a twerk !"

The crowd was in hysterics by the end of the second performance in which Debbi valiantly tried to obey Trisha's commands. She looked at her friends. Rose and Tiffany were giving themselves high fives that even Emma was now joining in with ! Debbi's only consolation was that it was finished. Trisha began to address the crowd again. "Ok, that's it folks. Or do you want us to do a bit more with Debbi while we have her here with us ?"

"More" a small voice piped up from the crowd. It was Mouse ! She looked embarrassed. "Sorry, it just popped out" she apologized. "No, that's fine" said Trisha. "Do we all want more ?" Of course all the estate kids were very enthusiastic for the show to continue. Debbi was horrified at this further turn of events just when she was looking forward to getting out of the spotlight. "There's nothing planned, so what I'm going to do is to ask Debbi's three friends what we should do with her." Trisha knew how to twist the knife. "But it had better be something good, or else" she warned.

Rose and Tiffany looked at each other. "Well" said Rose. "She's supposed to be in the nude. But she's not really naked with all that hair down there. I think she should go and shave it off" she suggested. The estate kids laughed. "Excellent idea" agreed Trisha. Debbi began to object. "My mum says its cheap and tarty to shave down there, she doesn't let me." Trisha brushed this aside. "And you've told us you always do what you mother says." She was contemptuous. "You'll just have to make sure she doesn't see you in the shower until it grows back then. My girls will show you the bathroom. You can use my dad's razor, he'll be none the wiser !"

Trisha went and sat with Rose, Tiffany and Emma while they waited for Debbi. "Enjoying yourselves ?" she asked. "We are now" Tiffany admitted, her own embarrassments already a distant memory. "She's ready" called one of Trisha's crew from the door. Trisha retook her place on stage. "OK Debbi, out you come."

Debbi emerged sheepishly, making no attempt to cover her tits but with both hands clamped over her crotch. "Now you know there's no point in doing that. Show us if you've done a good job" Trisha insisted. Debbi lowered her hands. Her pussy was now as bare and smooth as a baby's bottom. "Much better. Much cleaner" Trisha approved. She turned to the estate lad she had addressed earlier. "Now you can say you've seen your first real life shaved pussy !"

"What's that sticking out ?" the boy asked. Trisha peered more closely. "That's her clit" she laughed. "What's that ?" asked the boy. "Her clitoris. Look it up on Wikipedia. It means she's excited that you're looking at it" Trisha laughed. "In fact, she seems so excited, it's probably time she cooled off a little." Before Debbi knew what was happening, one of Trisha's cronies had rushed out from the kitchen and thrown a bucket of freezing cold water all over her ! Debbi screeched while the audience loved the slapstick climax. Immediately a second girl emerged and succeeded in tipping the contents of another bucket fully over Debbi's head.

The audience laughed at Debbi's frantic gyrations and futile attempts to get dry. "OK, it really is getting late so that's got to be it I'm afraid" Trisha announced, to good natured booing. "Who knows, maybe we can get Debbi here back another time" she promised in a placatory gesture.

The crowd began to slowly drift away. "My clothes where are my clothes ? A towel at least ?" Debbi asked. "Before all that, can I ask you a favor Trisha ?" said Rose who had come up to the stage with the other two friends. "Can you take a group photo of the four of us ?" I like your style girl, thought Trisha. The three friends, fully clothed and immaculate, crowded around the bedraggled and totally naked Debbi, pushing her to the front. "Big smile Debbi. Peace signs" ordered Trisha.

The End ?