This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 14 - Giving Her What She Needs (MF, interr, mc, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I woke up, remembering what I wanted to say to Demie: She should call Dianna. Oh, and did she murder my coworker Carrie?

But I was alone in the bed, and I was late for work. "Shit!"

I gulped down some cold coffee and rushed out the door, not even having time to shave. I was late for my shift but not for our start-of-day standup meeting, so I doubt my manager even noticed.

What I noticed, though, was Kestrel, the lone woman in our department, walk by me for the standup meeting, pause, and then stand next to me instead of in her normal spot. I side-eyed the attractive young Indian woman, one of our university student work program placements. She seemed pensive, and flustered when it was her turn to tell the department what she would be working on for the day.

After the meeting, she followed me back to my cubicle. I sat and looked up at her. "Yes...?"

She fidgeted. "Um...can I get your help...?"

This was odd, as I hadn't even looked at the parts of the game she was working on, so I probably wouldn't be of any help. This was actually the most we had spoken in her few weeks at the company.

Then I noticed that her nipples were poking through her black knit top. She was turned on!

I mentally kicked myself. Fuck, not again! I hadn't showered that morning. I still had Demie's orgasmic juices on my cock, and Kestrel had smelled them when she got close. That scent turned women into wanton fuckbunnies, and this cute university student was no exception.

I couldn't let this happen again, not after what happened with Carrie. "Look, Kestrel, I can't help you. Please just get back to work, okay?"

Pouting, she left. I sighed.

A few minutes later, my manager messaged me, *hey, give Kestrel whatever she needs, ok?*

I sighed. Fuck. *ok*

A few minutes later I got a meeting invite, just her and me in the smallest meeting room...that didn't have any windows...and nobody could see into when the door was closed...right now.

I quickly ran to the washroom and tried to use hand soap, water, and toilet paper to clean my crotch. When I was done I hoped I had cleared enough of the scent to avoid a terrible HR violation.

A few minutes later, Kestrel was riding my cock like a wild woman, facing me while I sat in one of the meeting room's office chairs. She didn't seem to be a virgin so I avoided that mess, but she also didn't seem all that experienced. She wasn't very fit, with her pear-shaped body, but her larger ass was nice. I lifted her shirt and bra so I could see those nipples that had peeked out from her shirt earlier. Damn if those long things couldn't take out an eye! I latched a mouth to one, making her gasp.

Soon she orgasmed and I lifted her up to turn her around. I grabbed dat ass and plowed into her from behind.

"Oh fuck...fuck.." she moaned as I sawed into her. I reached around to pinch her nipples. I was getting close.

I realized that this was the same position that I had fucked Carrie in when she had gotten "whammied" by the scent of Demie's juices. I stopped. Carrie...

"Uh? Mm!" Kestrel pushed her butt back at me.

I couldn't...not until I found out how Carrie actually died. Until I figured out why Demie was doing whatever she was doing with these women I might have impregnated. I pulled out.

"Oh!" Kestrel gasped as I pulled her to her knees. Then I pushed my cock into her mouth, fucking it. She started to suck after a few seconds but I was there already.

"Uh!" I grunted, blasting her mouth full of semen.

"Guck! Uck!" She struggled to swallow all of it, her dark brown eyes widening in panic. I managed to catch some that slipped out and was going to fall onto her shirt, and then she sucked it off of my finger.

I left her there, gasping, as I fastened my jeans and left. "Hope I gave you what you needed," I said before I returned to my cubicle.

The advantage of the brief blowjob was that Kestrel had actually cleaned up the remainder of Demie's juices, so there were no other women in the office throwing themselves at me. I know, hard life, right?

---

Demie had been running herself ragged making sure that none of Tom's bastards older than a week survived. First the neighbor, then the cat, then his co-worker, and finally, just now, the mother of the coma victim, her daughter both mysteriously healed and then gone missing. Now the older woman was "mysteriously missing" as well. The nurse Tom had fucked at the hospital had not gotten pregnant, so there was no need for another "missing person" or "heart attack". Demie had also reached out to Anya to confirm that the elven queen was likewise not with child, not that the demon could have done anything to stop that if she was.

The prophetess Cassandra had said that the detective was Demie's biggest threat to staying on Earth, and killing Shepherd would only attract attention. Something more life-giving was needed to take her off the board, and the older blonde lesbian had been very fertile the night that Demie had routed Tom's sperm through her own infernal body and filled Detective Dianna Shepherd's womb. There was no way the policewoman hadn't been knocked up. That baby also needed to be the first of Tom's to be born. Cassandra had been very specific about that.

Demie caught Mrs. Chesler's lifeless body in her arms, the poor woman's face stuck in a rictus of bliss from the succubus' kiss of death. Then the demon unhinged her jaw, getting ready to deal with the remains.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)