Moona is a slut  wife 2

Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

I remembered that this slut loves high heels so I asked her to bring them. She hesitated but went and brought the pair she wore recently. The high heels were red and the heels were about 3 inch and 1-inch square. I asked her to lick the heels and she did. She looked so funny licking those dirty heels and sucking on them as if they were tiny lunds. I loved it and so did my friends. I went to her and asked her to raise her ass. I took one shoe in each hand and then placed the tip of the high heel on her choot hole and asshole. I then pushed them in, making her moan loudly, " Ohhh Jeevan! Please fuck me with the heels. Ohhh I am a slut whore. I love licking the shoes I wear for you. Ohhh double fuck me with those heels. Ahhhhhhhh! Chodo! Main tumhari Randi hu! Ahhh! Ohhhhh!"
	I enjoyed degrading her and then when I felt she is enjoying the fucking I removed them from her choot and ass and asked her to clean them again. She licked the heels and sucked on them, cleaning them of her own juices.  We all were very hot now and our lunds stood erect and throbbing. Asif signaled us to go ahead and fuck the hell out of his wife. We all moved in and my friends were eagerly kissing and licking her legs, feeling the soft smoothness of her limbs. They roughly moved her legs apart and both mouths converged on her choot and ass simultaneously.  They were licking and sucking in unison, using their fingers to massage her thighs and hold her open. Moona reached for their hard Lunds, wrapping her fingers around both of them. Both had a nice hard on and she loved their lunds were very impressive. She was happily massaging both of them. I looked at her mouth that was still unoccupied and thrust my lund in her mouth. Moona took it willingly and started to suck on the cock head. The slut moved her tongue like a snake! Asif watched this and encouraged his wife.
	"Come on slut take your boss's lund in your slutty mouth and make him mad for you. Suck on it. Ohhh don't forget those two! They seem to be so absorbed in tasting your choot and ass. Ohhh god my wife is busy with three hard lunds! Come on fuck them all!"
	 Moona took my lund out and looked at my friends. She spread her legs more to give them place to lick. She looked into my eyes and I forgot the world! She was so sexy! Her body was great and her eyes showed hunger. Hunger for the lunds. I slapped my lund on her cheeks and she came to senses,
	" Ohhh Jeevan! You have made our dream come true! Here I am with three hard lunds! Ohhh god! Look Asif! Your wife serving three lunds! Ohhh I want more! More lunds to play with! Dekho tumhari bibi kaise chudwati hai! Ohhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh! Asif! Watch this. See how your wife is fucking all these lunds! Ohhh god! Fuck fuck fuck! Fuck me! Chodo muze! Meri choot Gaand aur muha lund se thoos do! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Jeevan! Chodo! "
	The slut Moona had become delirious with lust and we all had to satisfy each hole she had. I asked Ramesh to lie on the floor (easy to fuck, lot of space to move!) and Moona need not be told. The slut climbed on him and in one swift motion took that 7 inch lund in her choot. Ohhh what a choot she had. We could see her gaand hole opening and closing in anticipation for another lund. Her mouth too was open and she wanted some lund in that too. Ashutosh went behind Moona and caressed her ass cheeks. He did not place his lund on her gaand hole but wanted it to be slippery with saliva. 
	I said, " Sali ki gaand mein lund maat dal itna jaldi! Randi ko jara tadapa! Usko Lund ke liye bheekh mangne do! Kyo Asif? Theek hai?"
	" Ha Bhai! Sali lund khane ke liye kuch bhi kar sakati hai. Dekho na! Kaise tadap rahi hai!"
	Ashutosh was glued to Moona's asshole and must have spilled kilos of spit into that hole to lubricate it. All the while Moona was sitting on Ramesh's Lund, not moving a bit and waiting for Ashutosh to fill her Gaand. She did not suck me too. She wanted to start with all three lunds simultaneously. Ashutosh was busy lubricating the gaand of Moona and he had spilled lot of saliva on the sluts asshole. I was getting impatient too so I pushed my lund in the mouth of Moona and asked her to suck it good. 
She waited, " Ohhh Jaldi se meri gand mein lund dalo! Ohhhhh dekho kaise tadap rahi hu main! Ahhhhhhhh! Sala choot me ek lund lekar padi rahi hu! Mat tadapao! Dalo, jaldi dalo."
Ashutosh put his lund at the gaand hole of Moona and he did not have to work it in , Moona pushed her ass and took all those 5 inches right into her bowels. And now she sucked me in her mouth like a vacuum pump. The slut swallowed my nine inches and was trying to swallow my balls too! Ohhh god she had very hot mouth and she knew how to please us, males.  Now Moona was fucking the two lunds in her choot and gaand, moving her body to and fro very fast. My friends had never met such a slutty woman and they were thrilled with the response this slut was ofereing. Hey were also moving their lunds fast, making Moona increase her speed too. I was calmly fucking Moona's mouth and Moona was too busy with the lunds in her choot and ass to suck me.
Finally Moona nad my friends cummed! They came with great intensity and I aske dmy friends to spunk their cum out on the sluts body. Asif loved ot wo see her wife covered with the male spunk.. Moona jerked her ass frantically and came!
" Oohhhh Sale! Mai to jaa rahi hu! Oohhh Ahhhhhhhhh! Kitne dino baad meri choot aur gaand ek saath thandi ho rahi hai! Ooohhhhhhh! Tumhari raas mere tan pe Chodo aur muze bath do!"
Asif watched as mt friends ejaculated their lund on hisw ifes body. Oohhhhhh what a sight! The three collapsed on the floor in a heap of flesh and my lund still stood hard , to be attended by our slut!
Hey rest in part 3
Wait for it.
