6.1.2010
This is the first story I've submitted to anywhere, and with much more to follow. 

Email me at lovelyspectre@aim.com , I would love to hear any comments or suggestions you have for me. 





-------------The Despicables.
1.	
In a dining room filled with light, the curtains of two great bay windows face a lake outside. A crippled youth named Peter Sullivan sits eating his lunch while a grizzly-bearded man who calls himself a writer sits opposite him. This is an appointment in which Peter is told to recall his dealings with a family he is close friends with, The Connors - specifically the boy-girl twins of like social rank, Julian and Galena.
"When Galena was little, her mom told her that her greatest asset in life would be her body and that through it she could control the world around her."

Kevin Scott, the grizzly interviewer, raised his eyebrows with a slight inclination of his head, "Sad but true, for most things."

Peter went on, "I told my father what Galena had said and he didn't disagree. He said the Connors women were shameless seductresses, and were never to be compared to normal women, or even those women who were so lovely as to be compared with my mother, the Saint of Irvington."

"What are you talking about?"

"He often joked that my mother was a saint. Irvington is a suburban town not far from here. It's where my mother and her best friend, Grace grew up."

"Grace Connors?"
"Yes. But when they were friends growing up her last name was Winters. I remember being a young boy and hearing my mother regale her memories of their friendship as teenagers. Grace liked to try and coax my mom out of her `self-deprivation'."

"What did she feel your mother was being deprived of?"


"Fun. Sex. Life."

This was the fifth interview Kevin Scott had done this week pertaining to any of the Connors family. His features were appropriately curious but also relaxed as he sat back, accustomed to prodding in the right places at the appropriate times as he let the long-limbed paraplegic give his accounts of the Connors twins.

"And your mom resisted her?" 

"Well, those attempts didn't last long after Grace started dating my mother's intended."


Peter nodded although he was unaware of Kevin's lack of a perplexed expression. Mr. Scott had stumbled across words like these earlier in the week.

"She betrayed my mother by robbing her of her first love but she spent the rest of her life trying to make up for it. I noticed over and over again that she attempted to mend the friendship. I think my mother wanted to, but it would've taken a lot more than my father was willing to allow. That Jessie and I spent so much time with that family was enough, but he didn't want my mother anywhere near Grace or Silas, especially."

 Peter frowned at himself and stopped next to the chair his mother used to sit in.

"But you asked about Galena and Julian... what did you want to know?"

"Did you ever notice anything between the siblings?" 

"What do you mean? They were twins. Imagine being born with your best friend."

"I mean other than what's to be expected...instances where there ever any exchanges that led you to believe they were intimate?"

 Peter furrowed his brows, a bit of surprise clouding his features. He definitely knew something and Kevin started to feel the excitement of a big catch getting reeled in.

"You know. I wasn't always in this wheelchair. Until about a year ago, I was a star athlete alongside Julian. As I said, they were good friends of mine. I didn't realize you'd be asking about this sort of thing. But I won't lie, especially when there's nothing to lose anymore.

"The Connors definitely aren't perfect, but the twins are inseparable. I spent as much time with Julian as I could, with the way things were between his parents and mine. We were as close as we could be, excepting Galena. I loved him, and he loved us both. "

Kevin Scott was a bit taken aback, but he didn't hesitate to let his eyes wander down the muscular contours of Peter's youthful yet broken body.

 It was still attractive; there were definitely the remnants of his glory days. He wondered if Peter's cock could still get hard  as he said, "I knew I was getting signals earlier from you."

"Yea?" Peter grinned. "Most people don't catch my vibe. You did though, are you?"
 "Can't tell?"
 
"Nope."

"Is it because I'm rough around the edges?"

"No.... I can't place my finger on it. You're indefinable."

"I'd like to think of myself as pansexual." Kevin slowly moved to lean over Peter, his fingers wrapping around the younger man's hand.

"We can take a break if you like.. I can tell this is a painful conversation for you."

Peter blinked; the joke had covered up much of his upset from admitting his love for Julian and the ultimate rejection. "Yes."

He hadn't intended to hit on Peter, but he found himself brushing his rough lips over the younger man's mouth. Peter gasped at first but then he started kissing Kevin back, his hand automatically reaching for Kevin's dick in the open room; large undraped windows open to a view of the lake. He wanted to give, he hadn't been allowed to give in so long, but his excitement was heightened when he realized what was about to happen next.

Kevin stopped kissing Peter and got down on his knees in front of the kid, unzipping Peter's trousers. "You're hard." He said this, smiling, before he fished out Peter's dick and began licking the salty tip of Peter's member, his fingers scooping into the coarse blonde pubic hair that covered Peter's balls, weighing the heavy sack with a moan and plunging his entire mouth down around the kid's dick. He sucked hard, moaning and tasting, his head bobbing. 

Peter was struck, his hips doing their best to thrust upward, but he couldn't get them more than a few centimeters off the chair. He felt his cock twitch in Kevin's mouth, leaking pre-cum. He moaned, his eyes closing, head falling back over his chair. "Whoa... Mm."

His hands rested on Kevin's head, fingers tightening in the man's hair as he pushed down, thrusting the tip of his cock so that with another little spurt of pre-cum he imagined he painted the back of the guy's throat. He was rewarded with another moan, and harder, sucking pulls of Kevin's mouth and a tightening of his finger's around Peter's balls.

He heard Kevin Scott's moan around his cock and shuddered. He fired off one shot, it was a few seconds before he fired it off twice more, spilling all he had kept held up the past year into Scott's swallowing mouth.
To be continued.

2.	

A year and a half earlier.....

Two in the afternoon, a beauty was finishing her shower after the morning's tennis doubles with her brother and their friends. Her hair was waist length, although currently pinned up with two long hair sticks securely as she slowly rinsed the soap suds from her perfect figure. 

Her breasts were gentle swells from her chest, a larger than normal size B, with soft pink areolas dimpled around the inch long red nipples she inherited from her mother. Her skin was unmarred by puberty, her stomach flat with just the flattering curve of her womb. Her pubic hair was the same color as the dark blond hair on her head, but trimmed to tidy perfection daily. 

She was 5'5'' with a full near-red mouth and green eyes, and undeniably graceful as she stepped out of the shower. She began reaching for a large white fluffy towel to wrap around her tiny yet curvaceous figure. She sat down on the bench beside the shower and reached for her favorite lotion after patting her legs dry.  Her slender hands worked the lotion into her firm, shaven leg muscles. Her nails were manicured and painted clear, differing from her jungle red toes. 

Once Galena finished moisturizing her long bronze legs, she pulled the pins from her long wheat colored hair, starting to curl with the hot moisture of the shower. It fell all around her shoulders, concealing her breasts. The rest of her body was only covered by a towel as she sat in the spa-like bathroom she shared with her brother.

 This was more out of personal preference rather than necessity. The twins could hardly bare to be far apart. It wasn't uncommon for one to be found in the other's bed when morning came. 

There were two ways the twins could access each other from their rooms. One way was through the adjoining bathroom, the other being through their adjoining bedroom doors. They offered no excuses to anyone when they were found in the same bed. The only exception of that was when they were very little to their parents, "we get nightmares."
Their father found it inappropriate from the beginning but their mother encouraged it. 

"When your father and I are gone, you'll be all each other have," she had said over and over with truth. Soon after the twins turned nine, their parents became emotionally distant from both each other and their children.
 
She exited the bathroom through her brother's door, and found him in the arms of Peter on Julian's bed. She smiled at them both strode to the side of the bed that Julian lay on. She climbed into bed and snuggled up, bare-chested and still in that white fluffy towel at her brothers back. Her arms encircled his waist as her lips kissed the nape of his neck. Her entire body and senses were flooded with emotions and desires. 

Some of those emotions and desires were not her own, but the result of precious empathic bonds between she and her brother. She said nothing, feeling the same love for Peter that Julian felt, although she knew it made Peter uncomfortable when she couldn't help but show it. Her love for Peter was not a natural process, but a projection of the maturity of Julian's relationship with Peter onto her own heart. She never minded it. It was just one more secret between her brother and herself.

Peter did his best not to let on that Galena's presence bothered him, but it wasn't quite lost on her. His fingers tightened around Julian's cock as he kissed Julian's mouth, determined not to let her ruin this for him. Galena moaned, feeling the same thing that Julian felt. Her nipples, already hard, started flicking across Julian's back as her body undulated against his, the moist folds between her legs flexing with the needy lust of her muscles beneath them. 

Julian sucked Peter's mouth, his teeth raking over the lower lip of the supple ripe pair. His blue eyes were closed with the sudden onslaught of erotic feelings coming both from Galena, Peter, and the rebounded feelings of his own bouncing back off of his twin. His finger's tightened in Peter's collar length sandy blonde hair and tugged his mouth back, stroking his tongue into the youth's mouth hard and long, as his cock twitched in Peter's hands. It wasn't long before he was pushing Peter's head down to his cock. 

Peter took the hint readily and wormed his way down to the level of Julian's hips. He barely noticed when Galena climbed on top of Julian's face and started rocking; smearing her own juices across Julian's mouth, her hips bucking each time Julian's grizzled mouth and tongue touched her clit, sucking it until her eyes watered, unable to stop the shivering, quaking result of such an orgasm. Her moans were barely concealed by Julian's own cries of pleasure because of Peter's excellent blowjob ministrations. 

He had the entirety of Julian's cock inside his mouth down his throat in choky sobs, tears running down his face as he sucked as hard as he could at the love of his life's cock. 

He nodded his head, wanting more than anything for his blowjob to be the main source of Julian's orgasm. This was a competition, to him. One he knew he could never win, because when it came down to it, Julian would never deny his twin. In Peter's heart, he knew that Galena would never tell Julian to choose between her and Peter therefore he had become forced to endure the pain of sharing for the pleasure of Julian's company.

When he looked up, Galena was no longer sitting on Julian's face, she was watching Peter as she offered Julian her breasts, her eyes glazed over in pleasure, but to Peter's disconcertedness, that gaze was equally as full of love. Peter had seen it before, and he didn't get it. Why would Galena love him? What was that girl's damage?

Julian finally bit onto Galena's breast after several minutes of sucking, releasing it just as soon to gasp in hurried moans, as he came into Peter's mouth. Peter savored the taste of Julian's come as he swallowed, and kissed his way up Julian's chest. Galena was still in the way, and she had a question in her eyes. 

Her hands cupped Peter's face, and she licked his mouth as she started to kiss him, tasting what Julian had just delivered. She let him go and then gestured to Julian's mouth, waiting for something, expecting it and relishing that anticipation. Peter didn't hesitate to begin kissing Julian. He moaned as he felt his own load firing onto Julian's chest, Julian's hands had been stroking Peter's dick, touching it to his lovers as Galena applied a steady amount of lubricant. 

She was sitting back at this point, thinking, what a waste of cum. Peter could have shot that off inside me. But of course, he's gay. Gay. 

When the guys were done, she watched Julian lead Peter into the shower. Galena maintained her stay on Julian's bed for about 20 minutes, before going into her own room to get ready for her date with her boyfriend, Drake, who was as irrevocably straight as Peter was irreversibly gay.

3.
Drake Marshall lifted his face from the nest between his girlfriend's mother's well toned legs. His mouth was wet with the sheen of the older woman's orgasm. In his head he compared the taste to Galena's, and smiled up lazily at Grace. "That was hot."  

Grace laughed, her hands still stroking her body in the after-shakes of pleasure. "Good. Maybe we can go again once you and Galena get back. I'm just craving some of that cock." She wasn't kidding now. Once she'd gotten what she wanted, she wanted to taste him. To feel the long, healthy meat of youth enter her body.

"I'll see what I can do, Mrs. Connors. Galena might want some of this, after all." He joked, his eyes carrying a teasing light, trying to goad her into jealousy. Grace was easy bait, even if she pretended to love Galena most of the time.

"She might be your girlfriend, Drake, but I'm her mother. Every flip of her hair, every twitch of her cunt, that child got from me. It stands to reason that I'd be better at it than her."

"You two look a lot alike, except she's taller, and her eyes."

"What about down there?" Grace took this turn to tease Drake. She knew he hadn't gotten Galena to spread her legs for him yet, not that he'd said anything. She just knew her daughter. Galena was probably spreading them for everyone except him.

"Yeah," he lied and terribly.  He tried to make up for that by getting up and climbing on top of her, taking one of her breasts into his mouth, sucking hard as his fingers began to penetrate her again, just a little, before tracing the rim of her asshole with his dick. 

"How about I just blow Galena off tonight? Stay in this wing and fuck you senseless, Gracie. I haven't gotten to do that in a while. I want to hear you scream my name again."

Grace stared at Drake like he was crazy. "Blow her off, in her own house, Drake? I thought you were more of a gentleman than that. She's my daughter. Don't start talking like an asshole. Go get ready for her."


He frowned and shook his head, smiling gruesomely and held her down, kissing her hard as her hands batted at his shoulders, his cock forcing its way into her asshole, twitching as he felt her tight throb, his fingers still moist from her heady orgasm before and paving the way for his dick by spreading that lubricant on the tip. 

He was just inches in while she wriggled her knees up, playing like she was making it easier for them both. She managed to kick him in the face, sending him reeling a bit. 

He fumed as he tumbled off the end of the bed, holding his jaw cursing lowly, "Bitch!"

"You fucking moron!" She kicked him in groin as she got up. She moved to her dresser and opened the top drawer for the taser she kept there.  She moved back to hover over his felled body to tase him in the neck and spat on him.

"What kind of bedroom etiquette did your father's whores teach you? Get out of my room and go home. I'll tell Galena you got sick and had to leave."

"Grace please don't be like that.... I didn't mean to call you a bitch... and I thought you wanted my dick?"

"I told you to get out."

"I know! I'm sorry. Please let me take Galena out tonight. I'll be nothing but a gentleman."

Grace gave him a hard stare as she asserted her dominance over him as he sat on the floor.

"Fine.  Go get ready. Just get out of my sight. And don't even think about coming up here after you get home."

4.

When Galena went to go see her dad about letting her and Drake use the chauffeur that night, she was only half surprised to find his door open, and her best friend in his bed, on her knees, getting fucked by her father.

 Neither of them was aware she was watching, but they were giving an excellent performance. She was sure that this wasn't the first time Taryn had fucked her father by the looks of things. Her father had Taryn's hands held behind her back, using them as reigns as he bucked into her mercilessly. 

She was very jealous. For the past six years she'd been trying to seduce her father, to be rejected again and again. She felt her pussy getting moist for the second time that day - and for the second time it was because she'd been watching someone else first. 

The memory of her father's words as he told her how disgusting it would be to have sex with his only, and albeit beautiful, daughter was. He told her she was an embarrassment... but here he was, fucking Taryn. The daughter of a police chief, for fuck's sake. She shook it off and closed her eyes as her fingers stroked her breasts, squeezing them briefly in order to try and stop her own arousal.

Galena was just about to walk away as Taryn screamed, "Yes, Master, fuck your slut harder!"

Galena nearly fell to her knees with that revelation. Her father was a Dom? She felt her fingers sliding into her miniskirt to tweak her clit gently above the lacy red thong. She pinched it as she heard her father spank Taryn. She definitely wanted to get in on this... but how? He'd already rejected her once before. She didn't fight it, she leaned against the hallway wall and pushed her fingers into her ready cunt, pumping her index and middle fingers in and out of her tight cush. The heel of her knuckles gyrating harsh and tortuously against her clitoral nerves.

Unfortunately, she was betrayed by her own moan as she gushed onto the floor. Too much sexual atmosphere, not enough dick had her keyed up pretty hard.. Everyone was getting laid it seemed except for her. Taryn gasped, "Did you hear that Silas?"

Galena's father slipped his dick out of Taryn and walked to the half open door, stepping into the hallway. She quickly righted her skirt and flipped her hair back with a ready smile. He pulling up his trousers, and Galena saw him step into her cum with his dress shoes still on. He was almost fully clothed, the beast. He looked down, his eyebrows furrowed. "Hello?"

Galena came around the corner out of her hiding place, her eyebrows raising as she saw her dad's at attention cock straining through the unzipped expensive slacks.

 "Hey daddy. Going commando today?"

Silas growled and slammed his door shut. He was walking toward the bed frame and practically ripping his pants off again. His eyes began looking for Taryn, who though still on her knees and in a feline position, was on the floor beside the bed. Her cunt was swollen from behind as he spat out the words, "You are a terrible influence on Galena, whore. Get back on the bed and turn around."

Taryn's smoky brown eyes lowered as she turned, her hair in one long red pony tail, hanging down her neck and chest as she repositioned herself at the end of the bed, still on her knees because her Master -Galena's father- didn't say to change any other positions. She was wearing a black bustier and had been a pair of satin panties he'd bought her before he'd told her to take them off earlier. 

He took her chin and lifted her face, his cock at her lips. She opened them and took it, sucking eagerly as he took her by surprise and shoved the entire thing into her trap, forcing her to gag on it. Tears made her mascara run down her ivory cheeks as he continued with silent determination. He wasn't even looking at her, but at a large photo of Peter's mother at his bedside. He fucked her mouth repeatedly, daring her to tell him to stop before pulling out to spew cum across her face. 

"Now turn around and look at Amanda. Tell her how much of a whore you are, and then get the hell out of here."

Taryn wiped her eyes and turned around, to tell the lifelike photo that she was sorry she was such a bad, slutty girl. She looked for her panties and then left the room through the bathroom door. 
----------------------------
That's the first part. There's more to come.
