Soaked And Discarded 
by DarkSide

      Melissa was ready and on time, her husband wasn’t and there were instructions to follow.
      Melissa was ready by six o’clock, as instructed by her husband. The note he left her said to dress smartly, so she wore her sexiest dress that clung to her body as if were painted on.
      Matt arrived at their house late. “I need to shower then I’ll be with you,” he said. His hand cupped the back of Melissa’s head and he dropped a tender kiss on her forehead. From his briefcase, he retrieved a hand-written note and handed it to Melissa, winking at her before he ascended the stairs.
      Melissa read the note as she walked slowly to sit on the sofa while she waited. A smile broke out on her lips and she found herself biting the edge, she remembered what had happened last time she read something similar from him but on that occasion, he was away on business. She placed the paper on the arm of the sofa and slumped into it. She looked at her body while deciding where to start and then her hands came upon her nipples, stroking them in small circles, taking her time before pinching them. The only sound in the entire room was that of the clock and her sensuous breathing.
      Her eyes closed and opened several times. She could smell her aroma by the time her fingers slipped over her stomach, moaning softly to herself as her fingertips grew ever closer to their goal. Her body tingled, and goosebumps erupted over her arms when her hand tugged at her dress. She lifted her bottom from the sofa and pulled the dress from under her. She murmured to herself, something inaudible even to her, before positioning her fingers at the edge of the black lace. She swiped her fingers left and right before letting them slip over her flesh; pushing the lace fabric upwards with her knuckles as she did so. She let her leading finger pave the way for the rest of them.
      Melissa let out a long satisfying breath. She shook her head from side to side as she replayed the words on the letter. She did indeed remember when she last sat on the sofa doing the very same act.
      Her memory of the events of that night had already been coaxing the wetness out of her, wetting the gusset of her knickers in the process. When she first read the note telling her how he expected her to masturbate, she could feel herself respond, her body started to tremble, her mouth became dry at first and her nipples seemed to set off the tiniest of exploding fireworks from their surface.
      What excited Melissa more was the fact that she was expected to stay on the orgasmic edge, without climaxing, until he had finished showering and had dressed. She relished being told what to do and how to do it, how to behave and how to save herself for when he wanted her, for she knew that the depths of depravity she would descend to would be even greater.
      Her fingers dipped between her succulent lips and she gathered up her juices to smear over her aroused clit. Her eyes closed and opened in response to the sensitivity she felt as her fingers brushed over her sex. Gently, she circled her clit. Her tongue attached itself to her upper lip while she moaned out loud; thoughts of Matt, in the shower stroking his hard-on, flooded her mind.
      Melissa found that one and then two fingers had prised her lips apart and was digging into her juicy tunnel. Her whole hand rocked in an S-shape, like some exotic dancer, as she pounded her mound.
      In a moment of urgent awareness, she stopped, removed her fingers, gasped out loud and held her breath while clenching her thighs together in a desperate attempt to try and prevent her orgasm from taking hold. She succeeded, just.
      As soon as she calmed herself, her fingers were digging back into her soft flesh, prompting the same effect. She was relieved when she heard her husband’s steps descend the stairs. He approached her, drinking in the sight of her luscious body, legs splayed apart with her fingers buried under her knickers.
      He bent to take her hand.
      “Shall we go?” he said, before pulling her up from the sofa. Melissa straightened her dress and smiled at him; he looked quite dapper in his dark blue woollen jacket and light blue trousers.
      The kiss they shared at that moment blew her away. Yet those memories of that previous night would not allow her mind to rest.
      They headed to a new restaurant that had opened up on the Boulevard. It was a short journey by car and Melissa was told to keep stroking herself through her panties for the entire ride. She was not one to disobey Matt. In fact, she loved every instruction he gave her. There was nothing she wouldn’t do for him, sexually that is.
      The restaurant was lit by the faint glimmer of yellow light from the sign that hung over an archway. Between them and the restaurant was a darkened alleyway.
      Melissa felt uncomfortable. “My panties are soaked,” she giggled as rivulets of her juice started to work their way down her legs.
      Matt stopped walking, sighed in a disapproving way and turned to Melissa. He cocked his head to one side and she immediately lowered her face to the ground. She had caused him grief. She didn’t mean to, but she had.
      “Take them off,” he told her.
      Melissa looked him in the eyes, her lips quivered, an exciting pulse of passionately charged electricity pulsed through her body.
      “Here?” she questioned.
      Matt nodded, slowly. “Right here.”
      Her hands shook as she slowly raised the hem of her tight dress and hooked her thumbs into the thin band of her panties. She tugged at them and rolled them down her legs; one hand holding onto Matt for stability as she stepped out of them.
      Picking them up, she handed them to him on the tip of her finger as he stepped closer to her. he scrunched them in his hand and felt their wetness coat his fingers. Matt stepped into her space as Melissa stepped backwards until she could step no further.
      At that moment, a couple of teenagers rounded the corner of the alleyway and giggled their way past them to the restaurant. Matt followed them until he was certain they would not turn back in their direction and then he stuffed Melissa’s knickers into her mouth, wet end first.
      His hand descended to her sex and he cupped it before sliding his fingers over her mound and between her lips. Melissa moaned and pushed her bottom towards him. Her earlier masturbatory session did little to dampen her need and when she felt his fingers enter her she moaned loudly into the knickers.
      “You like tasting your juices, don’t you?” Matt whispered as he leaned into her, grasping her hair with his other hand and pulling down on it so that her mouth was facing upward. Melissa nodded and closed her eyes as his fingers reached inside her needy little fuck hole.
      “You can’t help it can you? You can’t help but wet your knickers every time we go out together?”
      Melissa would have apologised profusely if she could have and indeed she did let out a muffled, ‘sorry,’ as Matt’s fingers pushed in and out in tune to her heavy breathing.
      “Do you expect me to keep these wet knickers in my pocket all evening while you sit at the table and drip on the chairs?”
      Melissa didn’t nod or shake her head but she closed her eyes in anticipation. Her body nodded for her. She panted hard, trying to suck as much air through the lace as she could but all she could taste and all she could smell was her own juices. The odd musky smell from the damp alleyway invaded her nostrils when the wind gusted in the right direction.
      “You’re coming, aren’t you?”
      Melissa nodded eagerly, thrusting her bottom towards Matt’s penetrating fingers. Her cunt ached for release and every thrust pushed her further and further towards her goal. Matt pulled her head back as far as it would go until it rested against the stone wall. She sucked on her knickers, extracting all the sweet juices from them as her breasts heaved.
      “Cum all over the floor for me,” he said as his thumb rubbed at her clit while his fingers scissored themselves inside her.
      Melissa let out a loud cry, muffled by her knickers as she climaxed. Her legs shook, slow powerful outward breaths and frantic sucking of air into her lungs accompanied the thrusting of her lower body as she fucked his fingers, her hands clung onto Matt’s arms for dear life. Her juicy outburst splashed onto his hand and her legs as she wet the floor between her feet.
      Matt’s fingers busied themselves until he was satisfied that she had climaxed fully. Finally, he pulled her knickers from her mouth allowing her to breathe a little more easily and quickly wiped her pussy and crotch with them and even patted down her thighs and legs where he could see obvious streaks of her cum. He held them for her to sniff, then palmed them.
      He offered her his hand and she gladly interleaved her arm in his. His right hand dropped to his side as they walked towards the restaurant and he nonchalantly dropped her knickers on the path.
      Soaked and discarded.
      As they approached the restaurant they were greeted by a waiter and were seated. Melissa was still breathing a little too heavily but Matt just smiled as he looked at her flushed cheeks, her radiant smile and that just fucked look on her face.
      Melissa smiled as they were handed the menu and she bit her lip once more as she looked at the plethora of fish dishes on offer.
