It was 1995 I was 18 at that time mother rent the house beside us and the new tenant was my tuition teacher who is a retired at the age 68. He is staying there alone and mother used to providee him dinner and lunch since his wife divorced him for another rich and younger guys according to the rumors.

I used to study in his house during weekends as he is already my tuition teacher. There was once when my parents need to go to my relatives house and I was having my mid term exam so they left me with the teacher since he can help with studies. And I ask him to come to my house and give one of the guest room to stay and prepare some dinner for him as mother would do usually and ask him to take his dinner and told him that I will be back back in a while.

I went to take my shower and put on my T-shirt and my track bottom and came out to the dining hall. By then he already finished his dinner and watching TV. I took my dinner and watch TV with him for a while until I decided to browse the Net for a while before I go to sleep so I left him there and told him that I am going to sleep in a whiles time so he can off the TV when he is going to bed.

I went into my room and onn my laptop and started to browse the net and after a while I started my habit of smoking at night and then I thought of watching the latest xxx films which I got from my friend so I started to play the VCD in my laptop. After around 15 min the movie started I can see the climax where the guy is pumping the gal hard enough until she scream in pleasure I begun to be a bit wet and started to touch myself and out of the sudden I heard my room door was open "Tanuja..Uncle going to sleep" an oldman voice followed.

The moment he saw me with a ciggarette and the screaming sound from the laptop even though he cant see the screen have given him a brief description of what would a 18 year old gal will do to explore her wildest desire.He was stunned and said "What are doing ....Tanuja....does your parents know about this....and what is that sound from your laptop?" I started to tremble and I quickly throw the ciggarette butt and off the laptop and started to cry. "Why are you crying now" said Uncle Gulshan and he sat by my side on the bed and wipe my eyes. "It is normal gals at your age to act a bit wild but you must know your limit ......the sound just now was it a xxx films?" He asked and I answered yes. " Was the movie good....did you get horny "asked the oldman while he put his arms on my shoulder . I was shocked i didnt know what to do. " The movie was good " I said. "Have you try to do it !" asked Uncle Gulshan. I said " Never before". He asked " Why ...you dont like it?"

" No just that I am scared that the guy will go and tell people about it and I will feel shy any way I am not that attractive either". I answered. " Tanuja my gal do you know that you a such a beautiful gal with a good body shape especially you breast. Tell me what color is your nipple ....it must be pink right ..come..on dont be shy to Uncle " He asked then I answered " Yes.....but......how come you know Uncle? " with a blushed face. " Have you taught of trying it?" asked Uncle. I said "Sometime I feel a bit wet and hot feel want to try it but I dont know how to ask a guy about this they might think I am crazy" . "Well then dear would you like to try it now !........it will be our secret......" he asked. the moment paused for a while my heart started to pumped hard and breathing become faster.I started to sweat and I looked at him and shy away. "Is it a yes?" he asked . "Yes. But it our secret " I answered. "Of course it is" he said.

Then the moment of my sexual exploration begin with an oldman he started to asked me to take off my T-Shirt and tokk it off and the moment my fleshy mountain of milk cupped by the 36-B Bra is visible his eyes was mesmerised at it and he said " Wow...such big and beautiful breast you have there young gal.......now take off the bra and the rest of your clothes .....I want to see you naked body which so fleshy and beautiful" he said. I took off my bra and my milk colored breast with the smalll pink colored nippled which is already hardened enough is ready to be 'taste' by the toungue of the oldman.

Then I started to undo my undo my Track bottom now I am only covered by small panties he can see my whole white milky body. Finally I took off my white panty and my 18 year old 'virginity door' is nicely grown with soft pubic hair is exposed in front of an oldman for the first time!

I can see his eyes are ravaging my naked body up and down." wow such beauty you are my gal come to me laydown on the bed let me show you some excitement...." he said. I was a bit scared but a bit ecited as well and I went and laydown on the bed and he started to kiss my chin and then slowly moved to my lips he ravagely sucked my lips so hards until I begin to feel hot and my tummy begin to feel some kind of heat and I whispered " I want more Uncle......please take me ". Now he begin to touch my fleshy mountain with the hard pink nipple. He started to rub my 'mountain of milk' with tenderness with his 68 years of thick and rough skin hand it feels so good and make me more wet and m nipples are ready to be tasted.

Now he started to teased my nipples with his rough and thick fingers and sometimes he even pinch tenderly I begin to moan and craving for his exploration to more deeper level of my body.My nipples begin to be the victim of his hunger whenhe begin to ravagely lick and suck them with his thick lips surrounded by his thick moustache it arouses me more and I begin to moan "ah...argh .....yah ....harder Uncle suck it harder ......I want more aahhhharrrhhggg .....hhhmmmmmmmmmmm....dont ...stop.....please.........yarr.....dont stop....."

Now he move to my navel and play wih it for a while with his toungue and I feel more aroused than ever I know I am completely wet in my 'honey valley' his mouth begin to move lower and lower and I begin to get more and more excited and finally his mouth touch my 'honey valley' he licked and sucked my cunt like a child hungry for milk and he said " You have such a beautiful clit my gal it taste so good let me eat you out !" and i screamed " Aaaarrgghhhhh Uncle .........aaarrrggghhhhh......nnooooo.....nott....t here....aargghhhhhh....aarrrgghhhhhh....III....caa nt.......ccccooonnttroooll.......I .........aaarrrgghhhhhmmmmmmhhmmmmmmmmaarrghghhgaa rggUUUUUunncccllllee taaaaakkkkkeeeee...........aarrrgghhhhhhhh........ tttakkkkkkeeeee........ meeee
arrrrghhhhhhh....aaarrrggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Now Uncle begin to strip himself and I can see from the shadowy light the thick and long 7" tool of an oldman ready to thrust my virginity. I whispered to my ears "I will show you the real pleasure now my gal......" " but Uncle I am still a virgin I am scrared ..." I said . " Dont be scared my gals I touch you tenderly and enter you softly..." he said and then suddenly I can feel the huge monster 'stick' which is black in color and at least 2 1/2 inch thick and 7 inchs long of an 68 year old oldman ready to enter the 'door of viginity' who is 18 years old cunt which is yet to explore. He begin to rub the 'head ' to the clit it makes me wet more and more .....hhhmmmmmmmmmaaarrghhhhh.....
and then! suddenly the thrust into me the whole 7 ' is slog into me in one thrust I sceramed " AAAAAAaaaarrrrrgggghhhhhhh........iiitttttssssaarr gghhhh
paaaaiiinnnffffuuullllllllllhmmmmmmhhhmmmmssssssss saaarrrggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...uuunnccllleee pplleeaassee ........ sstop......I cant take it any more I let me go please ......... " I screamed and pleaded him and can feel my vrginity was broken by that thrust i begin to be so wet and Uncle told it will be fine in a while dont worry.....it will feel good in a while. Then he begin to stroke me with his giant cock into my tiny pussy hole I feel like the cock is tearing my pussy apart like a beast got his prey. I begin my moaning and screaming and I begin to feel good I want it more Uncle said my pussy i very tight and i said " Make it wider Uncle ! I am all yours " With my words my Uncle got excited and begin to stroke me violently and more harder and begin to loose controlled I feel the pleasure he was talking about he push the meat all the way in and take it all the way out I feel so wet I cant controolled and a big screamed from followed by a huge fluiud dlowing from my vagina . " Wow you have cummed my dear " said my Uncle. I feel so relieve and then my Uncle stated to stroke me fasteer and faster and I begin to screamed again " Uncle stop ....I cant controllled please stop no please no more aarrgghhh....hhhhmmmmmmmmm....arrrgghhhaarrgghhhhh" suddenly I can feel the burst of some hot fluid into my vagina and my Uncle told me that he cummed in me i said " You are the first and the best I would ever had Uncle " and he said " You are the best I ever got to make love with my gal" and both of hugged and slept that night. Since then I used to go few rounds with him whenever we have a chance.