The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 23

"Your clothes are behind that tree." Abbie pointed behind Blake, in the opposite direction from the path. Then she quickly headed the other way, to intercept Lauren. She had no desire for Lauren, or anyone else for that matter, to see her boyfriend in his birthday suit.

*Hey Lauren." She greeted her, coming out to the path. "Robert. Susana." Abbie smiled, seeing both girls were as equally naked as her, feeling a small sense of justice.

"What are you doing back here?" Lauren asked, suspicious that something similar was happening as the other day.

"Not much." Abbie bit the corner of her lip, seeing the suspicious look in the blonde's eye.

"There's a small clearing back there that's nice to relax in." Blake was the one who answered. It hasn't taken him long to dress once he knew where his clothes were hidden, but he could still feel his heart beating in his chest a mile a minute from how close he was to being caught, and he was still coming down from his high of such an earth shattering orgasm.

"Did you decide on becoming a nudist, Lauren?" Abbie changed the subject to get the heat off of Blake.

"I Uh" Lauren stammered a bit, not wanting to answer.

"It's a long story." Susana explained.

"What about you? Why are you out here naked?" Abbie asked the older sister next.

"Well I" The older sister answered similarly, blushing before she looked away from Abbie.

"Abbie, can I speak with you about something?" Lauren said. Now she was the one who wanted the subject changed.

"I guess so." Abbie replied, folding her arms and looking standoffish.

"In private?" Lauren asked, pointing behind Abbie at the clearing she and Blake had just come from.

Abbie rolled her eyes a little. "I suppose." She turned around, speaking to Blake. "Wait for me here?"

"Sure sweetie." He answered, as Abbie and then Lauren disappeared into the tall brush.

Abbie turned back around as soon as she reached the middle of the clearing, giving a skeptical look to the little blonde. It was partially her fault that Abbie had been tied up naked at the park yesterday, and she wasn't sure she could let something like that go just yet.

Lauren surprised her with the actions she took next. The little blonde girl got down on her knees, and wrapped her arms around one of Abbie's legs, letting out a deep sob. "Oh Abbie! I'm so sorry!" Tears started streaming down her face. "I did so many mean things to you and I'm so sorry!"

Abbie looked down at the young girl with confusion. "Hey Lauren"

"No! I made you go naked at the mall! I made fun of you for running naked! I tricked you into going naked at track practice! I even sent you in my place yesterday, and and THAT MUST HAVE BEEN SO AWFUL!" she sobbed.

Abbie looked down at the blonde in bewilderment, but patted her on the head a couple times, hoping to get the young girl's emotions under control. "There, there."

"Do you think you could ever forgive me!?" Lauren looked up at her with her tear and snot streaked face.

Abbie could see the genuine anguish on her face. She had to admit to herself that she wasn't completely innocent in everything that had gone on between them either. If the two continued their feud with one another, there was no telling how bad things could get.

Abbie pulled her up to her feet and wrapped her arms around her. "Oh Lauren, of course I forgive you. But you're not the only one who has been acting nasty." She pulled back, looking Lauren in the eyes. "I got you naked at the mall too. I was treating you more harshly than the other girls on the team. Making you collect the equipment all the time and run extra laps. Pushing you more harshly than I should. The question is if you can forgive me too."

Lauren returned Abbie's hug. "Yes. I forgive you, Abbie. I'm the one who did way worse things."

Abbie let go of the hug, giving Lauren a genuine smile. "How about we just start over, and put all of that behind us, and be friends?" She held her hand out to shake.

Lauren accepted Abbie's offer quickly. "Yes please!" She could feel her own face smiling as her tears finally stopped. "I'm going to need a friend like you now." Lauren bit the corner of her lip. "My parents are keeping me naked for two whole weeks as punishment for everything I did."

"Two whole weeks!" Abbie teased, "Try being me! My mom is making me go naked pretty much forever!" Abbie giggled, and both girls started laughing together.

"Ok, so maybe I don't have it as bad as you." Lauren relented. "But they said I have to go naked everywhere you do. You can see why I could use a friend like you."

"Yes, I can see that. And maybe after these next two weeks, I'll convince you to join me full time." Abbie gave a teasing smirk.

"Oh no way!" Lauren fainned a pout. "I've only done this naked thing a couple times, but I already completely hate it!" Laurens words didn't match her mood, as she let out a little giggle.

"Come on. It's not so bad. There are some parts that can be fun. Didn't you notice the way Robert was looking at you?"

Lauren blushed and giggled. "Yes. I did, but" Lauren didn't have anything else to say. All of her feelings and thoughts were a jumbled mess in her head as she thought about the boy she liked. Especially as she thought about being naked in front of him.

Abbie leaned in closer to Lauren, so she could whisper what she said next. "When we were at the mall, right before I came back to meet at the elevator, there was this huge line of boys all watching. They all turned to watch me as I passed. And I kinda," Abbie blushed a little. "Put a little extra shake in my step, to show off a little more for them. It made me feel so excited and so powerful!"

Lauren looked at the older girl with a shocked smile, having to cover her mouth as she let out a giggle. "Oh my god!"

"You're the only one I've told."

"Really?" Lauren felt honored that Abbie would share something so personal with her, after everything they've been through. "I won't betray your trust in me."

"Good." Abbie knew it was a risk, but if she wanted this friendship to begin on the right foot, then she knew she would need to trust the girl. She wrapped her arm around her shoulders.

"How do you deal with that?" Lauren asked with a blush. "Everytime Robert looks at me"

"You get excited?" Lauren nodded with another blush. "My mom told me that's one of the advantages of being a girl. It's not really as noticable."

"But it tingles so bad that I just want to touch myself and sometimes it feels like it's gonna leak out!" The blonde girl turned bright red at what she had just admitted.

"It's still not as obvious as the boys. Blake's shorts get so snug every morning now." Abbie giggled. "You must have noticed Robert."

Lauren gave a little surprised guilty face. "I mean yeah, but"

"So if he notices, he probably won't say anything, since he's feeling the same way as you."

"You really think so?" Lauren felt relieved as Abbie nodded to her. "Thanks Abbie."

The two headed through the brush back to the path after their chat. Abbie noticed the three waiting for them, Blake, Robert, and Susanna, all gave a surprised jump as they came out of the bush. "Were you all listening to us!?"

All three looked guilty and Susana responded with, "You hardly went twenty feet away! How could we not hear most of that?"

"We really only heard that you two made up and are friends now. Then you both got too quiet to hear." Robert explained.

"Yeah. Honest." Blake added. "It's great you guys are going to be friends now."

Abbie and Lauren were both relieved to know their more intimate secrets had not been overheard by the others. The two girls looked at each other, and seemed to decide to let the others off. "Alright. We forgive you." Abbie said. "I suppose it's good you guys know Lauren and I made up anyway."

Lauren took a shy look at Robert. "I suppose you heard I'm being punished."

"Yeah." The boy replied. "I figured something more was going on with you, and why you were naked." He looked over at the older redhead. "Are you being punished too?"

"Yes, but not the same way. I'm only naked right now because I didn't want my little sister to have to go running naked alone." Susanna explained.

"Wow! That's really cool of you." Robert said, and he and the others all gave her a look of admiration.

"I'm sorry to break this up," Blake said, looking at his phone for the time. "But we all need to get going or we'll be late for school."

"Oh shoot!" Abbie said, missing her own phone. She still needed to collect her things from the gym locker room before classes started. She gave a quick hug to Lauren, surprising the others, even little Lauren herself. "I'll see you later."

"Yeah, at track practice for sure." The blonde girl replied. Then the two groups headed their separate ways.

This time Lauren took the lead, with her sister and Robert following her close behind. After her talk with Abbie, she had gained a bit more confidence in herself. Running through the park and her neighborhood naked didn't seem quite as scary as it had been for her only a short time ago.

Lauren felt so good, she basically zoned everything out for the remainder of the run. On her way to the park, she had noticed every single person that looked at her, feeling ashamed of herself. The kids and teens she had passed were the worst, since they had all seemed to laugh at her and her sister for being naked. Now on the way back, none of that bothered her. She just focused on her running and on arriving home.

Susanna wasn't quite as oblivious to the others teasing. With it being later in the morning many more people were now out and about. This was much worse than at the mall for her. At the mall most people had only given her looks, mostly appreciative if they were male, or teasing or outraged if they were female. Now people seemed to be more free to be vocal with her. Many of the men and boys were cat calling her, with quite rude comments, and the older girls and women were calling her a slut or hussy. Her sister didn't seem to be getting quite the same treatment, maybe because she didn't look quite as old. Susanna basically looked completely grown up, with her large breasts and wide hips. Most people probably perceived her as an adult. Susana's feelings were hurt all the same.

Once the three arrived at Lauren and Susana's home, the older girl said nothing and just headed straight inside, passing her mother along the way. Her mom was surprised to see Susana naked, and was about to ask her why she was, but she noticed the tears in her oldest daughter's eyes and stopped. Susana didn't say anything, and instead headed to her room, needing time alone.

Outside, Lauren and Robert were still saying their goodbyes to one another. "I'll see you at school." Robert said with a smile to the little blonde, unable to resist taking another quick look up and down her naked body.

"Robert, about the dance" Lauren said, biting her lip in nervousness. She had wanted to go with him so badly, but now she knew she couldn't go while grounded.

They were interrupted by Lauren's mom opening the door. "Lauren, you know you're grounded."

Lauren looked back at her mom sadly. "I know, mom. I was just going to explain that to Robert. And let him know I can't go with him to the dance on Friday." She turned back to Robert, who looked just as sad now, and gave him a sad wave, turning to head inside.

"Wait, Lauren." Her mom stopped her, the look on her daughter's face breaking her heart. "I'll talk with your father. I think we can let you off your grounding for one night."

Lauren got a huge excited smile. "Really! Thanks mom!" She jumped up, grabbing her mom in a tight hug. Then she looked back at Robert with embarrassment, feeling foolish about her excited outburst.

Robert was all smiles though, thinking what Lauren had just done was one of the cutest things he had ever seen. "Great. I'll be here at 6:30 tomorrow to get you. My parents said they would drive us."

"Ok. See you later at school." They both just waved, feeling too self-conscious to kiss again in front of Lauren's mom.

*****

Blake and Abbie arrived at her house in a short amount of time. The people Abbie passed along the way didn't act as hurtful towards her. All of them seemed to be getting used to the young teen being naked every time they saw her.

Now standing on her front porch, the two got a chance to discuss what happened earlier. "That was a dirty trick you pulled on me." Blake began.

"I don't know what you're talking about." Abbie replied with a smug smirk.

"You, making off with all of my clothes." He folded his arms, looking a bit perturbed.

"Oh that." Abbie giggled. "After all I've been through, it was your turn to face a little naked time."

Blake almost pouted. "I could have gotten in huge trouble." He whispered the next part to her. "I couldn't get my thing to go down. You're the one that said I could get in big trouble for that."

Abbie came closer, wrapping her arms around him, and looked up at him with a cute smile. "Nothing bad happened though, and I think you had some fun." She fluttered her eyelashes.

He shook his head in disbelief, but let out a chuckle. "Ok, yeah a little, but Lauren and the others almost found me like that! What would have happened then?"

"Well then they would have seen how handsome and gorgeous my boyfriend is." She punctuated her point by going in for a quick kiss, but the two couldn't resist letting that kiss linger for a little longer than either of them meant. Both of them were feeling worked back up after talking about what had happened in the park.

They were still in the middle of that kiss when the front door to Abbie's house came wide open, with her brother Adam on the other side. "Good, you're home, Abbie. I need your help with something."

Abbie and Blake broke their kiss with one another, both giving each other a coy smile, but not feeling so embarrassed about getting caught kissing. "What do you want?" Abbie asked her brother.

Adam took his sister's hand, leading her the few steps into the house and over to the living room, with Blake following them in.

The sight Abbie and Blake found in the living room was quite shocking. Abbie's mom and little sister were down on their knees on the floor beside one another, facing away from the doorway, with their elbows resting down on the carpet in front of them, and their butts up in the air with their legs spread wide open.

Timmy was there too, excited to explain to his older sister. "Look Abbie! Mom shaved all her hair off like you!" He demonstrated by running his hand along the outer lips of their mom's sex, making her let out a little moan when her sensitive bits were touched. "Now you and mom's girl parts look just the same as Maddie's!" He turned back with a wide smile.

Abbie's eyes went wide at the suddenness of seeing such a sight. Everyone could see both mother and daughter's smooth and bare sex between their legs, along with their puckered buttholes above.

"Abbie, I need you to join them." Adam said, pointing to the floor next to their little sister. "I'm getting a few more pictures for my science project." He held up his phone, which had been in his hand the entire time, but only noticed by Abbie just now.

Abbie was completely caught off guard with her brother's demand, getting no time to process his request. She felt completely flabbergasted, and her brother took advantage of that to lead her over to the spot next to their sister, where she still just stood, trying to process what was happening to her.

"Come on, Abbie. It isn't bad." Maddie turned her head to look at her sister with a smile.

Their mom spoke up too, encouraging Abbie also. "Adam said he couldn't use pictures with our faces visible. No one will even know it's us, Abbie."

Abbie still felt shocked at what was being asked of her, but with the encouragement of her mom and sister, she automatically got down on her hands and knees, taking the same position as them.

Adam stepped back far enough, so he could get all three into the frame and started snapping pictures. He was being truthful about keeping their faces out of the pictures. Even if his teacher would have let him get away with using photos with their faces, the position they were in prevented their faces from showing anyway.

In this position, on their knees, it was quite obvious to see the excitement all three females were feeling. Especially Abbie, who always became quite excited after running naked in public. The position, with their legs spread wide, made their lower lips open up, especially Abbie and her mom, who's lips were more pronounced and plump, being older. The pictures Adam was capturing showed not just the sex of the females, but also the insides as well. Adam moved closer to get a close up of Abbie's very aroused looking clitoris in particular.

Adam continued moving up and down the line, capturing detailed and up close shots of all three female's bared treasures. Eventually, both his mother's and little sister's clits came poking out of their sheaves, matching Abbie's clit, and Adam knew they were getting aroused too.

Blake watched the entire photo session in shock himself. At first he was appalled at Abbie's brother for what he was doing, but the longer he watched the girls, the more his excitement took over. It was very arousing to see the three females, mother and two daughters, displayed so explicitly. Even Adam and Timmy were having trouble not feeling aroused about the explicit pose, and these were their direct relatives.

Adam had enough photographs now to last him a lifetime, and slipped his phone into his pocket. He stood back a step or two from the girls, just appreciating the beauty of their privates. He gave a knowing smirk at the other two boys with them, and then motioned for them to come a little closer.

Without saying a word, all three boys knew what they were going to do. The three stepped forward in line, kneeling down behind each female, Blake behind Abbie, Adam behind Madeline, and Timmy behind his own mom. Adam counted down, three, two, one, on his fingers, and then the boys attacked.

"Ooohhh!" Abbie called in surprise, as suddenly a finger was wiggling pleasurably on her needy clit.

"Oh my!" Their mom said, startled, peeking in-between her own legs to see her young son, Timmy's smiling face. "Oh Timmy, I don't Mmmm" She moaned. It had been years since she had felt the pleasurable touch of someone else on her sensitive bits. "Oh well I guess you can keep OH YES! Keep doing that!"

Madeline was having the time of her life like usual. "Oh yes! Play with my girl parts! So good!"

Adam nudged the other two boys to get their attention, demonstrating putting his finger into Madeline's wet opening. Madeline ended up squealing in delight when she felt that. "Oh wow! YES!" She yelled, and began rocking her hips back and forth on her brother's finger.

The other two boys followed suit, plunging their fingers into their respective girl's moist holes, making them groan in pleasure too. Now each boy had one finger pumping in and out of each girl, and their other hand was still left to rub the girls' sensitive clits.

With all the pleasure they were feeling, it wasn't much longer before the three females started cumming. All three had been so vocal though, that none of the boys were sure which one had begun cumming first. All three just shouted their, "OOH!"s and "AHHH!"s, mixed in with a lot of "YES!"es and a "SO GOOD!" here and there.

"I think that's OOH! Enough for now boys!" Adams mom said after coming down from her release. She noticed a certain look in the boys eyes that was starting to make her nervous.

Adam also noticed the way Blake was looking at his older sister as well, having to agree. Yeah, alright. Thats enough guys. Truth be told, he was also on the way to losing control of himself.

The boys all stopped, much to the frustration of Abbie, who let out an annoyed groan. Argh! She was just on the brink of feeling the release of another orgasm.

Why do they have to stop? Madeline pouted, the first of the three females to stand upright with her youthful exuberance.

"You girls still need to get ready for school. You all do." Mrs. Larson explained as Adam helped her to her feet.

The reluctance on Abbies face was palpable as Blake helped her up. "I'll see you at school." She sheepishly leaned over and gave him a small peck on the cheek. The safest kind of kiss she could think of. Anything more, and she might have just thrown herself at him, as she still wanted much, much more.

Blake was thankful her kiss was not as passionate this time, otherwise he might have just exploded in his shorts right there. "Yeah. See you later." He replied, releasing her hand slowly and longingly. Then he turned and headed out the door, before he could change his mind. If he would have stayed any longer, he knew he wouldn't have the willpower to leave.

