



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================









Chloe and Mom 4
By
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahooo.com

Besides being a take-off from the great stories 
"Letters to Mother" by LKWRITER@HOTMAIL.COM, the 
following letters from a different daughter to a 
different mom also draws on the inspiration of CDE.
Dear Mom,

I'm sorry I haven't written you for a while, but I've 
been busy. <giggle> really so much has happened, I 
hardly know how to begin. Of course I do know how: 
with the night I told the boys I was going to have a 
baby.

The night of the morning I found that sexy blue "X," 
Darrell came over as usual. He had nooo idea that he 
had done it, had put his black baby in this little 
white wife's tummy, but he must have noticed 
something was different. I met him in my shortest, 
blackest, tightest mini with my slinkiest see-through 
blouse and a pair of strap sandals that brought the 
top of my head right up to his chin. Obviously Sidney 
and I had not finished with dinner, as the table was 
set and delightful smells were coming from the 
kitchen where Sidney was preparing the food.

Gosh, that's right, Mom! I had forgotten to tell you 
about Sidney; he just continues to amaze me. No girl 
has ever had such a sweet, wonderful husband. Not 
only can he clean excess cum out of my pussy like 
nobody's business (and the orgasms just keep getting 
better and better), he has turned out to be a great 
cook. It seems a lot of the time that Darrell and I 
have been fucking before I knew he had knocked me up, 
Martin was taking Sidney aside to explain that now 
that I was going to be a mother, he would start 
having to take better care of me. Sidney has always 
like doing things for me, so it was easy to persuade 
him. For the previous weeks he has been doing all the 
housework and cooking.

That is a good thing; otherwise the house would have 
gone to hell. I just didn't have the time or energy. 
Darrell says it is important to keep as much sperm as 
possible in my pussy, so in addition to coming <g> 
every night to fill me up, he often slips away from 
work to give me a nice topping up during the day. And 
I've told you, Darrell is not one of those "slam, 
bamm, thank-you-ma'am" guys. He always takes the time 
to get me really hot first -- not that that is too 
hard with us, huh, Mom? <wink> -- by lovingly 
fondling and kissing my titties while his fingers in 
my snatch making my little clitty feel sooo good.

Then he never fails to go down on me and let me know 
just how much he loves my pussy. And it's not just 
that he's grateful for the chance to put his big 
black cock in there to make a baby in my flat white 
belly; he really enjoys tonguing my labia and sucking 
my love bud until I gush all over his mouth. He says 
I taste sweet. <sigh> Then, too, he says making a 
woman to cum hard before and while putting sperm in 
her helps the little wigglers find an egg to 
impregnate. I don't know if that's true, but I sure 
did enjoy the way he puts that theory in practice.

And he takes his time when he fucks me, too, 
especially after the first shot. I can forgive that; 
getting his cock back in my hot little pussy after 
several hours' absence excites him so much, he looses 
it after only a few strokes. The relief allows him to 
get down to the serious fucking. He can hammer away 
at me for a good half hour while I go through I don't 
know how many orgasms before he blasts a second load 
of jism into me. The third time is even better! After 
a few fucks like that, Mom, and I'm really out of it. 
When he finishes with me, he tells me to stay in bed 
with little butt propped up with a pillow so more of 
the sperm will stay inside "where it will do the most 
good." I often fall asleep like that, fucked full of 
Darrell's cum and dreaming about having his baby in 
me.

Getting filled full of baby juice like that a couple 
of times a day is fun, but it doesn't leave much time 
to sweep, and mop, and wash dishes, and do laundry, 
and all those things that Sidney has been so 
wonderful about. When he comes to bed at night it's 
often after midnight and my sweet hubby is just 
exhausted. He smiles at me wistfully, seeing 
Darrell's cum leaking from around the tampon I use to 
plug myself, and I know he'd like to fuck me, or at 
least try. But that wouldn't be right, would it Mom? 
I promised Darrell he could knock me up this time and 
I can't run the risk, however small, of having a 
white baby!

Still, Sidney is my husband, even if he does have a 
pretty ineffective little weenie, and I love him 
oodles. So I take him in my arms and let him nurse my 
titties, the very titties that will be swelling with 
milk for Darrell's baby pretty soon. I don't know if 
that's what Sidney is thinking, but it doesn't take 
long for sucking my breasts to give him a little 
stiffie. I kiss him and tell him how cute I think his 
cock-y is and start to rub it for him. He really 
likes that, Mom, just like you said. BTW, thanks for 
the tips on how to keep your husband reconciled to 
seeing you being impregnated by a superior lover. I 
can hardly believe you kept Daddy's balls drained for 
twenty years with hand jobs, except for that slip-up 
with Arthur. You are one sexy mom, Mom.

Anyway, I tell Sidney how much I love him and that I 
understand how horny he must get, seeing Darrell 
sliding his big cock in and out of me, getting ready 
to dump more of his babymaking spunk in his innocent 
wife. I realize that he wishes it could be his little 
cock-y that gets to go inside my pussy to make a 
baby. He's groaning with excitement by then and I 
tell him how wonderful he is to let a handsome back 
man like Darrell be the one to make my tummy swell. 
And then I prove it to him by squeezing and pulling 
on his cock-y until he's about to make a mess in my 
hand. Then I kiss him again and tell him how tired I 
know he is and how I am going to help him go to 
sleep. He sort of protests, but not much because he 
is so sleepy. I just keep stroking his weenie and 
tell him it's OK to just let go, that I love to see 
his little cock getting his 'jammies all wet, and 
that he can just close his eyes and ...come! He 
moans, and spurts a few times and goes limp. It never 
fails to put him out like a light. What a guy!

Which brings me back to my story; sorry for rambling 
Mom. Well Darrell saw the preparations for dinner and 
looked at me quizzically. I told him to call Martin; 
we were going to have a special dinner, refusing to 
say more.

Martin said he'd be a few minutes, but that was OK 
with Darrell and me. Although we didn't have time for 
a full heels-to-the-ceiling fuck, I told him he could 
do me in the living room. He grinned and pushed my 
head down into the seat of that overstuffed armchair. 
Then he wiggled my skirt up around my waist and 
grunted when he saw my black lace panties. I don't 
normally wear panties, but I know how much he likes 
taking them off and wanted to give him a special 
treat. They were crotchless in case he was in a 
really big hurry to get his big black babymaker into 
my grateful hole, but he took his time.

Gently he hooked his thumbs into the panty band and 
slid his hand inside my little unmentionables. Oh, 
Mom! I know you're just like me; having a man's big 
strong hand on my quivering little bottom, his 
fingers softly digging into the soft asscheeks is 
almost enough to make me come right then. Good as it 
felt, I was not disappointed when he finished pulling 
them over my hips and slid them down my legs, 
caressing me as he went. A little tap on my ankle was 
my signal to step put of the undergarment and spread 
my feet farther apart. Then his hands were on and in 
my pussy. He commented about how wet I was. I don't 
know why; I'm always wet whenever I think about 
having Darrell's monster in my pussy. Maybe he meant 
the big stain my pussy juice was making on the 
armchair.

It was too late to think about re-upholstery bills. 
Darrell was sliding his cock into me. I guess it's 
silly to keep saying that each time he fucks me feels 
like the best ever. It's just that when he is in me, 
that huge slab of black meat pounding away at your 
daughter's hot little cunny, I just can't believe 
anything could be any more wonderful. This time was 
no different; I was lost in a sea of pleasure, 
overwhelmed by the pumped-full feeling of Darrell's 
cock ramming me mercilessly as one hand grasped my 
titties squeezing them and teasing my nipples while 
the other strummed my clit.

Suddenly I heard a noise and opened my eyes. There 
was Martin standing in front of me with his own 
beautiful cock just inches from my lips. Greedily I 
opened my mouth and he slipped it in, making a crack 
about us starting without him. He must have really 
been hot that day, because in no time he was moaning 
that he was about to blow. Suddenly he was holding my 
head and thrusting hard into my mouth. My excitement 
at getting my mouth filled with cum from one huge 
black cock while at the same time another one was 
getting ready to fill my pussy was too much.

My body went into a series of screaming spasms that 
might have dislodged the two black dicks that were 
making me come, if the boys hadn't been holding me 
tight. Instead my climaxes triggered theirs. As I 
felt Martin erupt in my mouth, Darrell exploded in my 
pussy. I must have squirted a bucket myself. It was 
great, Mom! I was drenched in sweat and my face and 
neck were covered in Martin's cum that was already 
running down soaking my blouse and tits, while 
Darrell's seed and my own pussy juice were tricking 
mingled down my legs. If they gave medals for nasty 
little white wives, I'd get the gold.

As you can imagine, our fun required a slight 
postponement in dinner as the three of us needed to 
get cleaned up. We decided to use the big upstairs 
shower. I guess you don't need me to tell you, Mom, 
that being in a shower sandwiched between two hunky 
black men had you horny daughter hotter than a 
firecracker again in no time. I'll skip the 
description of how I gave Martin another blwojob as 
Darrell took me from behind again. About an hour 
later we had managed to get dressed (well just in 
robes) and stagger down to dinner.

Somehow Sidney had kept everything warm and fresh and 
we sat as he served us a roast with potatoes and 
onions, fresh asparagus au gratin, salad, hot rolls 
and cherry pie. I was so proud of him! Darrell and 
Martin and I ate and ate until we couldn't eat any 
more. We finished the pie; Darrell had two pieces and 
Martin three! I had just one, but then my tummy was 
already full from two great blowjobs. A second bottle 
of Bordeaux was history when I pushed back from the 
table and said I had a little announcement.

It can't have been much of a surprise, but my husband 
and lovers indulged my little ceremony. I led us all 
to the living room and sat Martin in the chair (yes, 
Mom, THE chair. Those stains are NEVER coming out.). 
I sat on the sofa between Darrell and Sidney. First I 
turned to Sidney and kissed him on the cheek and told 
him I had wonderful news; he was going to be a DADDY! 
He wasn't too pleased, as I suppose is natural under 
the circumstances.

Then I turned to Darrell and kissed him, too. That 
turned into quite an event. I got up in his lap and 
threw my arms around him, rubbing my excited titties 
against his chest. His tongue was down my throat and 
his hands were on my ass. I got so excited I almost 
forgot and threw my self down on his prick and 
screwed him. Almost. Somehow, I had the presence of 
mind to pull back from fucking my self silly right 
there in my living room in front of my husband and 
Martin. Coming up for air, I pulled Darrell's hand 
off my bottom and placed it on my belly. And you, I 
told him, are going to be a FATHER.

Darrell let out a whoop of joy and was about to carry 
me off to the bedroom for a celebratory fuck when I 
stopped him. It's not your turn any longer, I giggled 
and hopped out of his lap. You would have laughed if 
you had seen it, Mom, your horny daughter scooting 
across the room from Darrell's lap to Martin's before 
either man knew what happened. Martin had only 
managed to open his mouth to say something when my 
tongue was in it, kissing him joyously. It didn't 
take him long to figure out what my pregnancy meant 
for him. As he started to feel me up, I was babbling 
into his neck about how much I had missed having him 
fuck me, and how much I thanked him for waiting, and 
for all the yummy blowjobs, and how I was going to 
make it up to him.

When I had babbled to a halt, I looked up at Sidney 
and Darrell. They were looking a little glum; now 
they had something new in common, envy for Martin who 
they knew was about to take me to upstairs to bed and 
screw my little brains out. Darrell looked more 
philosophical about it. He could afford to be, of 
course, as I was already pregnant with his baby. But 
he was a sport. Clamping his arm around Sidney, he 
said they could go back to his house that night and 
get drunk. The last thing Sidney saw as he looked 
back, walking out the door with Darrell, was Martin 
on his knees in front of me, holding my legs apart as 
he ate me to a shattering come.

Well Martin did take me to bed that night and yes he 
did screw me and ... Oh, God! I'm sorry, Mom; I've 
got to stop again. Writing you has me so horny I've 
soaked another pair of panties. It's like you told 
me; having a baby is making me want to DO IT all the 
time. Even with Martin AND Darrell fucking me daily 
and my dear, dear Sidney eating me as only he can, I 
still need more! I can't imagine how bad it will get 
when I start to show.

Love,

Chloe

Comments, please, to:
Homer Vargas,
Vargas111@yahoo.com


