Karen 

This happened in 1999 in my last months at college. I was in a city far away from school or home. I had had an interview and look at the prospective company's factory. They provided a hotel room and was going to fly back to school the next day.

I thought about something to do. Television did not have that much attraction to me. I recalled a story that i had read and thought and thought. Feeling adventurous away i went.

I took off all my clothes and took a short shower so my hair would be wet. Then i put on a small robe. Where i lived at school was all female so i did not need a all-covering robe. The robe was well above the knee showing allot of leg. The top, while i was not holding it open showed a lot of cleavage.

I picked up the ice bucket and faced the door for a while. Did i really want to do this? I opened the door a little and thought again.

I stepped out into the hall. There was no one there. I let the door shut stepping back. The closed on it spring hinges. as the latch struck the edge it appeared to go slow motion. The door closed. The latch striking free inside the door frame was so very loud. I will never forget it. It should have awakened the whole floor. I felt me face grow hot. I knew it must have been sunburn red. A breeze or something woke me. I don't know how long i was standing there. I went down and filled the ice bucket. And then to the elevator. I passed by my room door. I tried it just in case. It was secure. I was committed.

Still no one in the hall. There was no one in the elevator. When the door opened the lobby was filled with men in suits. Not filled to crowded. But way more eyes there than i expected. I had to traverse along two sides of the lobby to get to the desk. I stood there a bit. I could not do back up. The door started to close and I held it back and came out. I walked along the wall with the ice bucket held in front. My hands were getting cold and my belly where it rested was too. I walked with my head down not looking about. When i did look up i could see that i was attracting some attention. My white robe among all the dark suits. A hen among the foxes. My face grew hot again.

Looking down I could see that walking in the robe had opened it a bit. I tried to use my shoulders to fix it. It did a little. I balanced the bucket in one hand and pulled it closed with the other.

When I got to the desk there were some suites standing near chatting. Not at the desk just chatting with each other. I stopped their conversation. I imagined that I stopped all of these conversation groups all around the lobby.

The guy at the desk looked almost frightened. He may have been younger than me. He just looked panicked. I told him i had left my key in my room.

He asked what room?

I answered. I had to say it twice.

He pulled out a drawer and ruffed through some file and gave me a card to open the door. He leaned out above the desk and looked right and left. I don;t know why. I guessed later that he was looking for an escort for me. He asked if I would be OK. He was much more composed by then.

I said yes.

He handed the card to me.

I raised the bucket so he could put the key between the bucket and my hand. I felt the back hem of the robe rub on the back of my thigh. I took the card and made the journey back to the elevator. I did not have to wait for the car. whit my back to the lobby it did seem allot more quiet than when i arrived.

The trip up and to the room was uneventful.

I never really understood the girls on girls gone wild. I figured it was alcohol, some other drug, or that they were paid so much for the flashing. Looking back at my early 20's experience some of it may be just a dare coupled with a "I will live forever" attitude. I have had mixed feelings over the years as i look back. That makes me sound old. I 30 now. At present i am glad i did it. There was no dare unless it was daring myself. But it is an experience that i will never forget.

BTW I did get a offer from that company that paid for the whole trip. But, i took another offer.

BTW I think that i could have said any room number and got the eye card for it. Don't keep valuables in your room.

karen 
