A new supervillain's powers have side effects.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Talents - The Queen (MMMF, cons, interr, oral, parody, impreg, ScFi, F-solo, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The World of Talents should remind you of many other fantasy worlds with superheroes, magic, and cosmic powers, except with a Krosis twist...

---

The dark-haired woman, her lithe body held perfectly immobile within the coffin-like procedure booth, screamed as ten-inch needles punctured into her spinal column, while other, smaller needles pierced into muscle tissue all through her body. She screamed again as those needles injected something that felt like battery acid into her all at once. She wouldn't pass out, she told herself, she wouldn't...

---

She woke up as her restraints were removed. Her doctor, who hadn't given her name and wore a full-face black mask and black doctor's lab coat, asked her, "How do you feel?"

"Like...shit," the woman replied raggedly.

The doctor nodded. The assistants wrapped the woman in a hospital gown and wheeled her back to the changing room. She was impressed at the technology and professionalism at Shadows Inc. If she hadn't been there for an illegal gene therapy procedure, she would have just thought that it was like any other high-end medical clinic. Well, one where they all wore black masks, anyway.

The doctor examined the injection sites and then let her get dressed. She consulted a clipboard. "So, you've agreed to give us 50% of the gross of what you 'earn' until you've paid us back for this, plus the lease of some standard muscle you'll need until you hire your own crew, which should be easy enough once you've made a name for yourself. Have you chosen a name?"

The woman nodded. "The Queen."

The doctor paused. "Oh, I see...yes."

"You don't approve?" The Queen asked as she pulled her shirt back on. Her body felt so stiff!

The doctor shrugged. "It's your brand. We just supply the technology and manpower. Remember, it'll take some time for the changes to take effect, and there may be side effects."

The Queen nodded. The shadowy technology company hadn't put feline genes into a human before, so no one knew what to expect. But she had already been a cat burglar by trade, so this just seemed like the obvious next step. She was looking forward to seeing what she'd get out of this...improved senses, agility, maybe claws?

---

She woke to a loud knocking at the door of her apartment. Ugh, she fumed, who was it, so early in the morning? She turned to look at the clock, but it said 10:00...she had slept in! She threw off her covers and leapt to her feet...

She turned, amazed. She had actually bounded to her bedroom door and landed lightly on her feet! She felt fantastic.

Bam bam bam!

"Coming!" She threw on a sheer robe and raced to the door, also impressed with her new speed. She opened the door to find three well-built men standing there. "Yes?"

"Miss, ah, Queen?" the blond one asked. "We're your new crew."

"What are you doing here?" she asked indignantly. "We're supposed to meet up at the warehouse tomorrow."

The dark-skinned man spoke up, looking uncomfortable, "It...IS tomorrow, Miss Queen. Tomorrow night, actually."

"What?!" She angled herself back to have a look out the window, which gave the men a gander at her shapely legs as her short robe slipped up. It was night outside...10:00 PM! She had been asleep for 2 days?! "Shit!" She turned back to them, and they snapped their eyes back up to hers. "Just...give me a few minutes, okay?" Then she slammed the door in their faces.

A few minutes later, they left her apartment building, her in a long trenchcoat. They piled into the van the men had brought and headed off.

The brown-haired man was driving. "So, Miss Queen?"

"Just Queen, or The Queen...what's your name?" These men were really quite built, she noticed.

"It's whatever you want to call us, Queen, to fit in with your brand."

She thought for a moment and pointed, "Okay, so you will be Brown Tom..." Then she pointed at the blond, "...and you Blond Tom, and you Black Tom," she said as her finger ended up pointing at the Black henchman. He gave her an incredulous look, which she didn't seem to notice.

Brown Tom continued, "Oookay...may I ask what Tom has to do with The Queen of England? Is there a Prince Thomas or something?"

She looked at him as if he'd grown a second head. "England? No...a male cat is called a tom, and a female cat is called a queen, you...!" She looked around at the men's confused looks. "Ugh...your employers gave me cat powers! They didn't tell you?"

Blond Tom spoke up. "Yeah, they mentioned...we thought you'd call yourself Catwom--"

"I don't want to get sued! Fighting superheroes is one thing, but lawyers? No thank you."

Once at their hideout, she gave them their new outfits: form-fitting Tyt-Weave(tm) uniforms that gave the men a sleek, cat-like look, along with full-head masks with cat ears. Then she doffed her trenchcoat and one of the men gave a low whistle at her tight tortoiseshell colored bodysuit as she put on a domino mask with high peaks that made it seem like she had cat ears as well.

"All right, boys, let's train!"

---

As the Toms got used to their weapons, which were like brass knuckles, except with spiky claws, The Queen explored her new agility and speed. She was disappointed to find that she didn't get real claws herself, finding that out the hard way as she broke a nail slashing at one of the dangling punching bags. She licked at the blood and felt her stomach complain. "Stop! Time to order some food...who's up for barbeque?"

"Oh, hell yeah!" Blond Tom responded. "Um, ma'am."

They made Blond Tom pick it up. Having food delivered to your secret hideout was a rookie mistake! The Queen devoured her portion, and then some of theirs, mostly meat. The men looked at each other, uncertain.

When they were done, she stood in between them. "Okay, now come at me, all of you!" The men looked at each other. "C'mon!" she yelled, her body coiled like a spring.

Brown Tom rushed forward to grab her from behind. She sensed his movement and jumped up and over his head, slammed her feet into his back, and neatly landed on the tips of her toes. Blond Tom and Black Tom rushed her from opposite sides, and she ducked. The two men managed to stop before they ran headlong into each other, but she swung her legs out and knocked both of them on their asses.

She easily flipped back up onto her feet and held out a hand to Blond Tom and Black Tom. They looked at each other for a moment and then accepted the help up. Then they both grabbed her, each taking an arm.

"Ack! Well, that's what I get for being nice," she grunted, struggling. Her agility didn't help when it was purely a contest of strength! She waited for them to release her, but then they got closer, uncomfortably close. "Boys?"

Then they let go. "Um, sorry, Queen!" Blond Tom offered, looking sheepish.

The Queen took a second to cool down. There had been a moment there where she thought... But no, the boys had just been full of adrenaline, she figured.

---

Then the night came, a week later. Their training was going well, and they were moving like a well-oiled machine. They planned out their heist and headed off to the home of Theon Marks, the owner of Edison Electric Automobiles. The businessman lived at the top of the thirty story Marks Tower, though the top 5 floors were closed to anyone but him. She and her Toms were able to infiltrate the building easily enough, and then she used her old cat burglar suction cup equipment to climb the last 5 floors along the outside of the building. She didn't look down...not that she was afraid of heights, but she knew that she wouldn't fall; this was like riding a bike for her.

Once on the roof, she secured three ropes and threw them down to her Toms. A few minutes later, they were ready. They secured one more line and then all four of them balanced on the edge of the building. "One...two...three!" she called out, and then they pushed off. She made sure to delay so that the men hit the glass first, and then she rolled through the smashed-in window.

"Secure Marks!" she hissed at them, and they fanned out. She perused the expensive-looking knick-knacks lining the walls of the rich man's living room, seeing if there was anything portable that she could grab while her Toms secured the soft, weak businessman.

A couple minutes later, there was a high-pitched whine and then Brown Tom burst through the living room wall and landed on his back. A silver armored form with a full-face helmet followed through the hole, his gauntlet crackling with electricity. "Bad idea!" a computer-modified voice called out from the armor. "Marks is protected."

"The Silver Dynamo?" The Queen fell to a crouch. This guy was relatively new on the scene, but what the fuck was he doing here? she wondered. Had they been betrayed? But by whom, and why?

The armored figure raised his hand, another high-pitched whine sounded, and lightning blasted at her. "Get out of m-- Marks' home!"

She adeptly leapt away from the arc, though she felt the heat of it. This was bad!

"Got him!" Black Tom yelled as he and Blond Tom each grabbed one of Silver Dynamo's arms, mirroring the move they had performed on her the week previous. The hero swiveled his head to regard each of them before planting his feet.

"No! Get away from him before--!" she yelled, but it was too late. Another, larger whine sounded, and then an electric flash burst from the hero's armor. Her Toms flew off in opposite directions, dazed. She remembered something about the Silver Dynamo, though, and rushed him, grabbing a stand lamp as she went. The power plug pulled free and then she swung the base of the lamp down on his head, hard. It wasn't enough to knock him out through the metal helmet, but he stumbled, his head bent forward. She leapt upon his back and looped the lamp's power cable around his neck. If he could turn his neck, she realized, then it wasn't armored like the rest of him. She pulled the cord taut.

"Acgk!" he gurgled, pulling at it, but his insulated gauntlets were too bulky, so they couldn't provide him with sufficient dexterity to catch onto the tight cord. Soon, he fell forward, struggling for breath. "Pow...er..." he huffed.

The Queen was exultant. She had remembered correctly that he needed to build up power after discharging through the skin of his armor! She held the cord until the superhero slumped forward, unconscious. It wouldn't do to actually kill one, she knew; that could get ugly.

The Toms gathered around. "Where's Marks?" she asked them.

They shrugged. "We searched all through," Brown Tom said. "This guy came out of a secret alcove in the hallway."

"Why would Marks have a secret alcove in his home for a..." Then she closed her eyes and shook her head. "Oh, duh. Get his armor off."

---

Theon Marks woke to find himself back in his bedclothes and tied to a chair. "Oh," he exclaimed upon seeing the hot woman and her burly henchmen holding parts of his armor.

She was holding his helmet in one hand and gazing into its smoked glass eyes. "Alas, poor Theon," she said, "I know who he is now, and we'll tell the world if he doesn't transfer us a million dollars in cryptocurrency." She flashed him a toothy grin.

Theon hung his head.

---

"Yes!" Blond Tom yelled and pumped his fist in the air when they got back to their hideout. "A million, on our first go!"

"Half a million, after Shadow Inc.'s cut," she replied as she tossed her mask onto a bench and then flopped down onto the couch while Blond Tom and Black Tom went to the washroom to get some salve for the burns on their hands. She had almost kept Marks' helmet as a souvenir, but figured he might have a way to track his equipment; it was too dangerous. "Moww," she moaned as she arched her spine.

"You okay, Queen?" Brown Tom asked her.

"Yeah, my lower back's bugging me a bit. Might've pulled a muscle avoiding that lightning bolt."

"You wanna massage?" Brown Tom cracked his knuckles.

The Queen regarded the man. She thought her new henchmen were pretty nondescript at first, though able-bodied, but they had grown on her. "Hmm, why not?" She turned onto her front, and soon his strong, competent hands were massaging her lower back, a little above her tight ass.

"Rrrr..." she moaned, and arched her back again.

"This good?" Brown Tom asked.

Her pussy was throbbing. She was sorely tempted to just jump Brown Tom, but there was a pecking order in this group, so that could never happen, she resolved.

After she got home, though, she masturbated herself to orgasm three times.

---

The next night, they went to the hideout in their street clothes, transferred some of their remaining ill-gotten gains into real money, and bought some booze for a party. She was partial to vodka cranberries, and had several before she got up and directed the henchmen back to the sparring mat. "Okay, once more, come at me!" she commanded them.

They were much more organized this time, and she barely dodged Blond Tom and Black Tom. Brown Tom managed to snag her foot as she jumped and he slammed her down into the mat. "Nice!" she called out. "Oomp!"

Black Tom had jumped onto her back, holding her down. Blond Tom and Brown Tom each grabbed a leg, and Black Tom pulled her arms back, slipping down her body to pull them taut.

"Mmmowr..." she moaned, and arched her back. With her yoga pants and his sweatpants, she could feel every contour of his penis pressing into her. She could also feel it getting bigger. She was so horny...had been since the night before...masturbation just wasn't doing it...

"Fuck me!" she yelled. "I can't stand it anymore! Fuck my hot, wet pussy, Toms!"

"Oh fuck!" Blond Tom murmured as he and Brown Tom let go of her legs. "What're we gonna do?"

"You heard the lady!" Black Tom growled as he released her arms and yanked down her yoga pants. In a flash, his sweatpants were off and he shoved his now fully hard 7 1/2" cock inside her.

"Rowrr!" she screamed as she orgasmed. Black Tom rammed into her hard as Brown Tom went around in front of her to present his hard, thin 8" cock for her to suck. She took it into her mouth, lost in the pleasure as Black Tom fucked her needy pussy.

Soon, they were all naked. A few minutes later, The Queen orgasmed again, her wanton cunt squeezing Black Tom's cock.

"Ah shit! Gonna cum! Where should I...? Ah, fuck it!" He grabbed her athletic hips and held himself deep inside her as he blasted his load.

As she felt Black Tom's hot cum exploding within her, she shoved Brown Tom back and screamed, "ROWRR!" Her mouth lolled open as her body shook in ecstasy as her henchman inseminated her.

"Oh, man..." Black Tom groaned as he pulled out and flopped over.

"MORE!" she ordered the men.

Blond Tom got behind her and shoved his thick 7-incher inside her.

"Mrrryess!" she moaned. "Fuck me fuck me fuck meeee!"

After Blond Tom added his sperm to the creampie inside her, she jumped on top of Brown Tom and rode him to a shattering mutual orgasm.

"Moooore..." she moaned, "mooorrroowwww!"

---

"You boys doing okay?" the doctor asked the Toms.

"Um, yeah, doc," Brown Tom said, "we're all just a little sore...she made us fuck her for days!"

The doctor read their report. "We knew that her going into heat was a possible side effect, though of course we didn't mention that to her. What woman would knowingly want her body to try to get itself pregnant every few weeks, like a cat?" She adjusted herself in her chair, rubbing her thighs together under her desk, and looked back up at them. "Good work, 'Toms'. She's pregnant, and we're very interested in seeing how that goes. Will she have just one baby, like most humans, or up to a dozen, like a cat? And how cat-like will these offspring be? Yes, I am really looking forward to this." She'd make sure to watch the videos later...for science, of course.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)