Handy Cam Ne Banaya Kaam  A Hinglish Erotica

--------------------This happened to me last week when I was in
Ahmedabad for holidays. I was staying with my parents (my father is
posted in Ahmedabad and I am studying in Baroda with my grand
parents). I am a college student and am just 20 years old. Anyway in
our neighborhood lives a retired government officer who has 6
daughters.

Anyway as all of you guys also know that 18-21 is a very horny age so
as usual I was also looking for a chance to do something. I think
you understand what I mean. And hey let me tell you that both our
houses are double storey and my room is on the upper storey.

One night as I was reading stories from "Chod_dalo Group" on my PC I
heard something in my room. I thought there is something in my room.
Maybe a rat or something likes thatbut nothing was found after a
long search. Anyway I started to do what I was doing. This time I
heard something hit the wall of my room more vigorously I instantly
knew it was coming from the room of the neighbors which was attached
to mine. Both rooms had one wall obviously. I got up with my hard on
and put my ear next to the wall to hear what is going on.

After a lot of concentration what I came to know was that some hard
fucking is going on. But wait a sec that room was of the eldest
daughter of Mr. Kamal (our neighbor). At once I got an idea. I went
to the terrace climbed the wall of the terrace and jumped to the
other side on their terrace. I also took a still camera and my Handy
cam with me. I got close to the window of that room from where the
moaning was still to be heard. My cock was getting hard already.
Anyway luck was with me that day one curtain of the room was a little
open. So I could see inside. And damn it!

What I saw inside made me so horny that I took my cock out of my
trousers and started masturbating. I saw Hemal (the eldest daughter)
getting fucked by Ashok who lived in the next house .WOW! What a
scene it was. Hemal's big boobs were moving with every stroke and
she was moaning, "Oohhh  yessss  fuck me  haaan aur zor sey  aur
zor sey  aur tej harami  fuck me  more  faster!" And Ashok kept
up with great speed.

By this time I had my camera in hand and was recording the whole
great movie. Hemal was screaming loudly, "Ohh  Ashok  I am cumming
 yea  yea  oh fuck me  fuck me  hard..." And at last after about
8 minutes of hard fucking both of them came as well as I also came.

Now they kissed each other and Ashok sucked on her huge and beautiful
boobs. I didn't care what would they do next and got back to my
terrace and then to my room. There I watched the movie I had made.
Thank God, everything was clear in it both Hemal and Ashok fucking
and sucking. Great work I did. Now I had some great plans in my dirty
mind and I decided to work them out. After deciding that what I would
do with the video I went to sleep.

The next morning my parents had to go to some relatives in Surat and
my sister and brother were at school .So, I was at home on my own.
After breakfast I once again started to watch the movie in our T.V.
As I was enjoying it the bell rang. I got out seeing who it was and
to my surprise it was Hemal she had come to meet my mom and give her
a message from her mom.

I told her that she wasn't at home so she can tell me what she wants.
She told me that her mom asks for some curd. I said ok you can have
it but actually I don't know where it is placed so if you know you
can get it .She said that I know where your mom keeps it. She came in
and went to the kitchen while I decided to work out my plan .As she
went into the kitchen I played the movie and made the volume high
enough so she can hear it. Certainly she came back and was
embarrassed to see what was going on the T.V.

She said, "How did you do it bastard?

I replied, "Us samay jab tum ek mahir chudakkad ki tarah us haraami
se maje le rahi thi tab."

She tried to get the video and break it but I didn't let her. She
said "Please I won't do it again but give it to me"

I replied that Ok, I would give it to you but you will have to do
something for me otherwise I would tell your parents about this whole
matter. She was begging and weeping that please give it to me  And
in the end she agreed that Ok, I will do what you say.

That was what I wanted. I simple got close to her and held her
breasts tightly and said, "Main tumhare sath wahi kuchh karoonga jo
Ashok ne kiya tha .so, I would come to your room tonight and you
better tell your fucker that you won't do it tonight with him so we
can do it."

At last she agreed and went away.

So, the night came at last and I was ready to fuck for the 1st time
in my life. I climbed up the wall and went to the door of her
room .And knocked twice and she opened the door. I went inside. My
heart was pounding. At first I thought I shouldn't be doing this and
as I turned around she said "Kya huwa?

"Mein nahin ker sakta yeh?"

"Bus ab to main tumhe nahi jane doongi  "and after saying this she
clung to me and kissed me on my lips and licked my lips with her
tasty tongue. Well now that was enough and I also got in the act 
And kissed her back and put my tongue deep in her mouth and she
sucked on it. That was the most wonderful moment of my life. That was
the first time I was kissing a girl .We stood there and kissing for
about 6 to 7 minutes .This had made me very hot. And my cock was
already hard and was touching her belly and the head was just getting
in between her legs and springing. Now we both started to undress
each other.

And within a minute we were standing naked in front each other .WOW!
How beautiful was her body. I pulled her close to my chest and kissed
her again .As I was kissing her my one hand was squeezing her rosy
breasts and the other one was rubbing her pussy.

Now she was very hot. Gazing at my cock she said, "Maine aaj tak itna
bada Lund nahi dekha ..Ohplease jaldi karo mujhey chodo ab ."
Saying this she lied down on the bed and opened her legs.

But I had some better plans I told her "Nahi main is tarah nahi
karoonga main aaj tumhein bataoonga ki sex kya cheej hai meri rani
pahle mera Lund chooso ."

"What .. main tumhara lund choosun . You bastard . Why?"

"Do it otherwise main woh video tumhare baap ko de doonga."

She said, "Ok I will do it but please do not tell my dad ok . Ok."

Now she got hold of my monstrous cock . And put it in her mouth and
started  to suck it  WOW! I was in heaven  her tongue darted on
my cock like fire Now she was doing it with great favor and was
enjoying it  And took my whole cock in her mouth .. Ooh! GOD she
was milking me with her fucking mouth... I was gonna come and I told
her to stop..

She came up to me and we kissed  She thanked me for the favor of
telling her another very erotic sexual way Well now it was my turn
.. I told her to lie down. I started from her mouth . Kissing and
caressing her boobs . At last I found the right pointand now I was
on her beautiful, pretty, loveable part .her cunt..

I told her, "Ab tumhe aisa maza ayega  jo tumne pahle kabhi nahi
enjoy kiya hoga." Saying this I began. The 1st lick I gave... She
gave a deep sigh AUHH! And opened her legs a little more . Now my
tongue was searching deep folds of her cunt... She was moaning and
groaning, "Uff  aah  haai  haaan  yeaa  yeah yeah  chaat jao
mujhe  just eat me damn it!"

Her pink pussy lips were giving me her love juice .I was drinking
all of it 
And put my tongue in her cunt now her breathing became heavier.
And she was moaning, "Haan  haaan  kha jao mujhe  hai main mar gai
 oh I am cumming."

And after just a minute or so she came .. her whole body shivered
and was tensed and she came saying, "haai  ooh" with lots of juice
for me .which I swallowed..

Then I got up and kissed her lips .. She said, "Tumne mujhe aaj woh
maza diya hai  ki main hamesha tumse hi chudwaoongi  You are my sex
teacher .. "

Anyway my hard cock wanted some pussy so I told her, "Aab seedhi let
jao  mera lund tumhari piyari gufa main jane ko betaab hai."

She grinned and lied down .and opened her legs wide. I guided my
cock to her love hole .. and soon my whole cock adjusted in her
juicy hole. And I started to pump it. In & out  In & out  In & out
 it was great 

"Ooh  Yeah  fuck me  right there  oooh you are a great fucker."

I was now speeding up my movement and there was a sound coming. Thump
 thump  pruck  pruck  groch  groch." As my cock made its
movement . Now I was also gonna come and she was also cumming  I
sped up and was fucking her like a mad dog ..the bed was making lots
of noise but I didn't care  "Oh  Aah." And with in seconds I felt
myself cumming  and she also came at that time "Aah  ooh  oh god 
oh god  fuck me  fuck me  oh  ugh  oh "

And we both came I came inside her and her pussy lips were
dripping with our cum together .. I kept lying on her for a while
then I got up and kissed her lips.. And told her that "Hemal tum
bahut achchhi ho  maine tumhare se achchhi aur koi ladki nahi dekhi 
tum to meri jaan ho... I LOVE YOU"

She smiled, "Tumne jo aaj meri jaisy chudaai ki hai woh zindagi bhar
mujhe yaad rahegi" and she kissed me with love ..and we again
kissed for about 15 minutes.

I gave her the video tape  and she broke it in front of me .. Later
I stayed with her the whole night... and we had one more fuck .

She told me that she had seen many XXX movies and she always wanted
to have oral sex... but Ashok never agreed . He just fucked me 
and left. But I promised that I have never had so pleasurable sex in
my life till now. I told her that I was afraid that she might not get
pregnant because I came in her but she told me she was on pill.
Before going back I kissed her again and asked her... that we will be
able to have sex again.

She said, "Tum meri jaan ho . From now  main kisi aur ke saath nahi
chudaai karoongi."

I also promised this to her and said, "I will love to have sex with
her whenever we have a chance  "

I said bye to her and got back to my room and went to sleep.




