Choral Castle, once the summer seat of the ruling family of the Kingdom of Kimlasca, had been a sprawling stone complex on the cliffs overlooking the eastern sea, connected by the nearby port to the rest of the kingdom. Its position on the cliffs was unchanged, but the port had long since been closed in favour of larger ones to the north, and the castle itself had seen many years since it had been kept in any kind of repair.

Luke let his eyes trace the walls, filling in the gaps where stones had fallen away, remembering. He turned to look a bit wistfully northward, towards the lands that had once been Kimlasca, wondering if the rest of the places he remembered were just as changed-- he hadn't been able to go back and see them for himself, because even after so long the people still looked a little strangely at people with red hair. They'd entered one small village shortly after Luke and Guy had first awakened, and been stared at the entire time. After that, it had been decided that one of the other teams would search the lands in and around Luke's former home, while Luke himself ranged further afield.

Still, Luke thought wistfully, he had to be allowed a little homesickness. Even if it was for a home that wasn't really there anymore-- he, at least, still remembered it.

A flash of movement drew his attention, reminding him why he was on watch in the first place. He focused, and when the next movement caught his eye he followed it to the source, spotting several human-shaped figures just starting out of the trees towards the castle's crumbling outer walls. Four of them, Luke decided, squinting, which didn't really narrow it down any-- they'd been two parties of four and one of three when they first separated, but anything could have happened since then.

He flashed the signal from the walls and saw the approaching group hesitate. One of them raised an arm in recognition, and Luke nodded in satisfaction before heading down from the walls to let the others know they were expecting company.

The echoes off the stone meant that they could hear voices long before any of the approaching party came into view. That was one of the main reasons they'd settled their camp in the castle's entry hall, that ability to hear potential enemies coming before it was too late. Luckily, the hall was also in better shape than many of the castle's other large rooms, being shored up on all sides by exterior walls, and had the benefit of a massive central fireplace, a necessity as they moved further north and the nights grew steadily colder.

And there were enough little antechambers coming off the side hallways that they could each occasionally have some privacy if they wanted it. Which, given that there were now at least four pairs among them, was probably going to be a very good thing for everyone involved.

Auron was the first to duck through the half-fallen doorway, eyes doing a sweep of the entire room before he even finished crossing the threshold. Unsurprisingly, he just nodded a wordless greeting before taking himself off to the side and settling against a wall, his expression barely visible behind the collar of his coat.

The next two arrivals came in together, talking easily between themselves, which was also not surprising. They occasionally tossed a comment over their shoulders to an unfamiliar fourth man who hesitated in the doorway, looking around kind of uncertainly before moving any further. The others showed no such hesitation, coming right inside and calling out their greetings.

"You guys made good time," Flynn commented as he set down his pack. Yuri followed suit with considerably less grace, and he muttered a curse as he arched his back and rolled his shoulders. "I was sure we'd get here first."

Luke pointed back outside, to one of the outbuildings that had been transformed into a temporary garage. Hopefully only temporary, anyway-- he teased Guy about it, sure, but the vehicle really was damned useful to have, when so many other forms of transportation had either been shut down or put under restrictive control. He hoped they wouldn't have to abandon it completely. "Found a transport," he answered.

Yuri shot him a knowing grin. "Bet Guy was happy about that."

Luke groaned. "You have no idea," he said, then grunted as Guy dug an elbow into his side. "Well, you were," he protested, and Guy rolled his eyes though he might have been blushing a tiny bit.

Luke glanced curiously at the new guy to find the new guy looking very intently back at him-- not hostile, Luke thought, though the thick scar over his eye did give a certain fierce air. None of the others seemed in any hurry to make introductions, so Luke just gave the guy an eyebrow and waited until he came over.

"I don't mean to stare," the man said in a faintly rasping voice, once he was close enough. "It's just that if I were to believe my grandfather's stories, I'd think I should be bowing to you."

The hair again, Luke realized, and looked at the man in new interest. "You're from Kimlasca?" he asked, and received a nod in reply.

"It was the Protectorate of Landis by the time I was born, but it was part of the Kingdom of Kimlasca before that. Of course, now it's all Archades." Both of them grimaced, then smiled at each other when they noticed. The man shook his head and held out his hand. "Basch fon Ronsenberg."

Luke shook the proffered hand warmly. "I remember the Ronsenbergs," he said, and he did-- good people, all of them, long-time friends of the crown. "I might have known your grandfather, actually. And wow, is that ever a strange thing to say to someone," he added, looking at Basch and guessing that the man was, physically, a good ten years older than him, even if he'd been born years later. "Luke fon Fabre," he introduced himself, and saw Basch's eyes go wide.

"Then you're actually--"

Luke nodded with a half-awkward shrug. "Yeah, well. I wasn't king or anything; that was going to be my brother's job. Before Archades." A question occurred to him, and he asked it before he could start to wonder if he actually wanted to know the answer. "I don't suppose you know what happened to-- what happened after Archades took over?"

"No," Basch said regretfully. "But I was not the best of students to anyone but my weapons master, I'm afraid."

Luke laughed. "Yeah, I was pretty much the same. Don't worry about it," he added, shoving aside the mingled disappointment and relief. He turned to Guy instead, who had been looking on with some interest. "Basch, this is Guy," he introduced, then quickly went around the rest of the circle, making sure to point out their three new recruits. Yuri gave a quick, negligent wave in thanks; Flynn at least managed to look a little bit sorry at his lapse in courtesy, and made an effort to greet Squall, Seifer and Cloud in return.

A scrape of sound from outside had them all immediately on alert, a tense stillness gripping the room. Luke winced, remembering the watch post he was technically still supposed to be at. He made his way over to the doorway instead, pulling himself silently up to the ledge above it to peer out the archer's slit. He felt more than saw Guy settle in at his side; he knew that the others were making similar preparations, finding cover, readying weapons.

Paranoia, probably, Luke reflected sourly. It was probably just some wild animal, or the wind or something, since Auron at least was cautious enough to make sure his group hadn't been followed. Still, given everything that had happened to them, they were probably allowed a little paranoia. They didn't know who or what might still be after them, after all.

Luke all but held his breath as a shadow flickered on the ground, just out of view-- something scraped again, a distinct footstep on stone. His hand moved on the hilt of his new sword, tightening and releasing, feeling the faint give of the leather on the hilt. Guy was a tense coil of muscle beside him, a tight little knot of anticipation in the back of his head.

The shadows shifted again-- and Luke blinked as they gave way to the form of a man with thinning grey hair, clutching a staff. "Come out!" the old man shouted as he approached. "I know you're here. You can't trespass here, this is crown property."

Luke gaped through a long moment of shock-- then nearly laughed out loud as the tension flooded out of him again in the wake of adrenaline. Of all the situations he had imagined-- and he'd imagined a lot of things, during some long nights near the beginning-- this was definitely not one of them.

Between one blink and the next, Vincent was outside with the old man, one hand wrapping around the staff and easily pulling it away. And that, as far as Luke was concerned, was that. They'd send the guy on his way with some sort of reassurance, and no one would get hurt. Simple.

The old man flinched as his weapon was taken-- but then, far from what Luke had expected, he spun away and left the staff behind without hesitation, drawing a short sword from under his coat. He moved like a swordsman, Luke realized with a sinking sensation, and a very competent one at that, despite the stooped shoulders and gnarled hands.

Things were suddenly a lot more complicated. Because while one man, no matter how skilled, was not going to be much of a threat against all of them, the prospect of subduing him harmlessly didn't seem so much like an option anymore. And Luke really didn't want to have to kill him. Even setting aside the logical argument that they were going to have to stay put for a while yet and therefore having search parties come looking for a missing man would be problematic-- the idea of killing an completely innocent old man made him feel a bit sick to his stomach.

"Look," he shouted through the slit. "We're not here to hurt anyone or cause any trouble. We just need somewhere to stay for a few days."

The old man's head jerked briefly towards the sound of his voice, but his eyes never left Vincent, the only visible foe. "You can't," he said firmly. "This is no place for vagabonds. Now leave here before I go fetch the Judges."

"Come on, old timer," Yuri drawled, stepping out of his own hiding place. "What do you think we're going to do, break the castle? Look around, it's already broken."

The old man went thin-lipped with what looked like anger, and took a visibly tighter grip on his sword while he shifted stance. Sensing that things were going to get messy, Luke jumped down and slipped through the door, wanting to be ready-- in whatever way was necessary.

The old man's sharp eyes tracked the sound, as before, leaving him looking right at the doorway when Luke walked through it. And as Luke stepped out into clear view, the old man stopped still, going pale as his sword dipped and nearly fell. The damned hair, Luke thought resignedly-- he was going get a hat the next town they went through, because the whole thing was getting a little ridiculous. It had been a symbol of the royal house once, sure, but it had been a really long time since that mattered at all.

Though the old man's reaction did seem a little extreme-- shock and hope and disbelief instead of the more distant curiousity he'd seen before. He did recover after a few seconds, though he still looked a bit shaken. "You are trespassing on private property," he started over, voice firming the more he spoke. "You need to leave."

Crown property, Luke remembered, and he took a breath to brace himself before stepping forward, taking a chance. "Yeah, well, this happens to be my private property, so I don't think we have to go anywhere."

The old man flinched, but rallied with impressive speed. "That," he said sharply, "is impossible."

"Afraid not. I'm Luke fon Fabre," he said, tipping his chin up in a well-remembered arrogance, "and this land once belonged to my family. Still does, from what you're saying."

"The last of the Fabre line died more than two centuries ago," the old man said. But he was starting to sound uncertain, like he wasn't really so sure of that anymore.

Luke sighed as he put away his weapon. "Look," he said, feeling tired. "Just come in here for a minute, let us explain, and-- and if you still want us to leave after that, we will," he promised, ignoring the dirty looks he just knew he was getting for the words. He was pretty sure he wouldn't have to make good on it. Pretty sure. "You have my word," he added.

It had seemed a reasonably safe gamble. Luke still felt his shoulders slump in relief when the old man, after a long moment of hesitation, put his sword away and nodded, once.

It was hard to explain it all to someone who hadn't seen it from the inside, especially since there were still so many things missing from their own knowledge. It was hard to find the right words to make someone who hadn't lived it believe such an incredible story. But with Guy's help and a little input from the others-- very little, they were maybe still a little miffed at him for earlier-- Luke managed to spell out enough of it that the old man seemed like he was starting to believe them. If nothing else, the demonstration of their enhanced strength gave him reason for that much. He looked at Luke in a kind of bewildered wonder, now, with only a touch of suspicion.

"Pere," he introduced himself at last, and both Luke and Guy started. "My family have been caretakers of the Kimlascan royal lands for--"

"A very long time," Guy finished. "I knew a Pere, once," he added. "He was my sword instructor when I was a child. He came with me from Malkuth when I made the decision to stay in Kimlasca, with Luke."

"You are-- House Gardios?" Pere drew a very shaky breath at Guy's affirmative nod, rubbing a hand over his face. "I am meeting legends," he remarked to the empty air. "And I thought today would be dull."

Now he believed them, Luke thought wryly. They should have had Guy doing the talking from the start, and saved themselves the trouble.

Pere shook his head sharply, and recovered his poise on a long, deep breath. "As I said," he went on steadily, "I am the caretaker of this property, for what good it does in these times. I do what I can, though without any funds or manpower to do repairs, mostly I just chase out the animals, keep the undergrowth cut back. Some months back I noticed signs of what I thought might have been vandals, which is why I've been keeping a closer eye on it lately."

"Yeah, that would have been us, too," Guy said. "We needed somewhere to stay for a while."

Pere nodded. "I would bring you to my own house, but a group this size would draw attention, and I somehow think you wouldn't appreciate that," he said shrewdly. "But I will see that you have food and supplies. And of course you may stay for as long as you need."

"Thank you," Luke said sincerely.

That seemed to be the end of things, as far as everyone else was concerned. Vincent returned to his datascreen, bending heads with Auron while they compiled their information. Yuri and Flynn disappeared together down one of the side halls, while Squall began yet another round of maintenance on his gunblade and Seifer leaned back in every appearance of taking a nap.

Luke still lowered his voice instinctively when he stepped in a bit closer to Pere. Not that he was trying to hide anything, of course, but it still felt a bit-- private. "I was wondering," he asked hesitantly, "could you tell me about what happened, after the battle with Archades? I mean, you seem to know your history, so--" He shrugged, feeling awkward.

"There is a lot," the old man answered slowly, watching Luke closely. "I'm not sure where to start. What do you want to know, specifically?"

Luke drew a breath, hesitated-- Guy, leaning against the nearby wall, nodded encouragingly. "Last I remember, we'd been pushed back to the fortress at Kaitzur," Luke began. "We'd just got reinforcement from Baticul, and support from Malkuth, but we were still pinned down. That was late summer."

They'd been fighting for months by then, endlessly, struggling to push back wave after wave of soldiers led by the faceless Judges of the Archadian command. The heat of the sun had made the bodies stink on the field. He remembered standing on the walls of Kaitzur, looking out over the carrion birds and the broken flags, and thinking that it was only a matter of time before they fell, and even the steady presence of Guy at his shoulder couldn't ease the hopeless weight that had come over him then.

"That would have been near the end, then," Pere said, confirming Luke's own suspicions.

"I remember the fighting, mostly," he went on after a moment, "but after a point it's all blank. I know that Father died in that battle, I heard that from-- uh, from another friend who's not here yet."

Pere nodded solemnly. "He did. That was the turning point, really; with the king gone, much of the border defence fell apart. The heir to the throne-- your brother-- was very publicly captured and taken away to the capital of Archades as a hostage. If the histories are accurate, he was absorbed into their military. He never had any children, so that was thought to be the end of royal line.

"You," he went on, "simply vanished during the battle-- you were presumed dead, though it would seem you were simply captured in secret. And with nothing left of the royal family, that was the end of it. The Archadians put someone in charge of the city, declared us a Protectorate of the Empire, and for the most part withdrew."

"Smart of them," Guy said grudgingly. "It's hard to hate a conqueror if they haven't visibly conquered anything. I'll bet a lot of people were so relieved that the fighting was over and that they got to go back to their homes and lives-- they wouldn't have cared if they were called Kimlascan or Archadian by that point. Archades keeps Asch as its visible hostage, while disposing of the potential figurehead to head off any future rebellion." He nodded to Luke pointedly.

It did make sense. Luke felt a little bit ill admitting it. "And hey," he added sourly, "while they're at it, why waste two veteran fighters when they had this brand-new scientific program to test? They must have grabbed you when they did me." Guy hadn't been more than five paces from his side for the entire battle, and for all the skirmishes and rallies before that. It was a pretty safe assumption to make.

He knew that he should make sure, should see if Pere had any other information that might be useful, but at that moment Luke felt like he'd heard enough. Felt like he'd heard more than enough, actually; felt kind of full with it, the knowledge itching under his skin, making him need to move. He nodded his thanks to Pere before turning away silently, waving Guy back when he stepped forward with concern on his face.

It was stupid, he thought as he climbed back up to the walls, back to his abandoned watch post. It was stupid to be-- to be mourning, or whatever, after all this time, because it wasn't like he didn't know his brother was dead. That his entire family was dead, and had been for nearly two hundred years. All the people he'd ever known except for Guy were dead, just footnotes in some history book, and he knew that. But--

Hearing it laid out like that-- no children, end of the royal line-- it somehow made it that much more real.

He heard footsteps on the stairs behind him and frowned, ready to tell Guy off for following him after all-- only when he turned, he found Basch rounding the corner at the last step, instead. "Oh," he said, blinking. "Uh, hi."

"If I'm intruding," the older man said formally, "please tell me."

"No, it's fine," Luke said automatically. He turned to look back out over the wall, not entirely sure he wanted company, but not really knowing how to say that to a near-stranger.

"I couldn't help but hear, downstairs," Basch went on, coming up to lean on the stone a few paces away, also looking outward. "And I think I remember learning of you, after all. You and your brother were twin-born, were you not?"

Luke closed his eyes and nodded. The weird pressure growing in his throat wouldn't let him do anything else.

A quiet breath, and then the light rasp of Basch's voice came again. "I had a brother as well," he said. "A twin. When the Empire started closing its grip on Landis, I left for Dalmasca where they were still free, intending to help them fight. I believe it was known as Chesedonia, in your time. Noah stayed behind. He didn't see the harm in the Archadians taking a more active role in our lands, while I-- well, I had too much pride, I suppose. We argued. That was the last time we ever spoke. And that is the hardest part of this for me, I think," he went on quietly. "Losing any chance I might have had to set things right between us."

"I'm sorry," Luke murmured, glancing aside at the other man. Basch had been staring steadily out over the countryside beyond the castle's walls, though he didn't look like he was actually seeing any of it; at Luke's words he glanced back with a quiet, strained smile. They both lapsed into a silence that was far more comfortable than before, and slowly the pressure inside Luke's skin started to ease away.

When he sighed and sagged against the wall, Basch reached out and briefly touched his shoulder, drawing his attention. "I can take the watch, if you like," he said, then quirked a sly grin. "If nothing else, you should go and reassure your friend that you're well; he may have actually paced a hole in the floor by now, to keep from coming to check on you."

Luke laughed, a little self-conscious. "Yeah, he's maybe a little overprotective. Was even before all of this happened, so you can only imagine how much worse it's gotten."

"He sounds like a good friend."

Luke felt his smile soften. "Yeah. It's weird, maybe," he added after a second, not sure why he was talking other than that Basch seemed willing to listen. "But in a way I'm kind of glad they put us together like this. Not-- y'know," he added hastily. "I don't mean like that. But-- well, at least it means I've got someone I know in this mess with me." He looked at Basch consideringly, biting the corner of his lip. "Do you-- I mean, your partner didn't--"

Basch shook his head. "I'm told we were typically paired with someone known to us, so I suspect I know who it would have been. He captained the infantry as I did the cavalry, during Dalmasca's final push. I saw him captured just seconds before I myself was taken, though I don't remember much after that."

"None of us do. Except Cloud, maybe," Luke added thoughtfully. "There's something about him, I think he may remember more than he's telling."

Basch made a considering sound. "Some drug, perhaps, as part of the treatment, taking away our memories from that time." He shook his head, eyes sharp on the distance as he looked out over the wall. "In any case, I believe I understand what you meant. Vossler and I were friends; I do rather wish he were here. He was always a good man to have at your back when push came to shove. And I somehow have the feeling," he added gravely, "that we may need friends like that, in whatever lies ahead."