



===========================================================
T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
===========================================================













Amenity Project Epilogue (MF, cheat, in, preg)
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

[In her story "The Amenity Project," Softly told a
sweet, sexy, funny story of four women who designed to
"protect" their sons who are just starting college
from a group of predaceous junior college girls
intending to get the boys make them pregnant in order
to entrap them into marriage. Knowing that "boys will
be boys," the women (naturally <g>) decided that the
only way to save the boys was to keep them so well
fucked they wouldn't have time for the junior college
girls.

The plan was that each woman would seduce her son's
three friends but one boy had three roommates, so each
woman ended up helping keep six boys out of "harm's
way!" It's four years later now and we catch up with
the women of the Amenity Project on what may be their
final meeting.]


Charlie, the afternoon waiter at Friendly's smiled as
the saw the group enter. Yep, it was Monday, the day
these women always came in to spend a few hours. It
was some kind of club he knew, although no business
ever seemed to be transacted. Instead the women
ordered Margaritas and told each other hilarious
stories. Charlie could never really hear what was
said, but from snippets and body language, it was
clear they were telling each other about sleeping with
men, maybe younger men, maybe more than one younger
man each.

Charlie could understand how they did it; they were
very attractive women. They actually looked better
now than four years ago when they first started coming
here. Although he guessed they were all in their
early forties, they could pass for ten years younger,
mainly from the way they looked and dressed. Now they
all wore at least 3 inch heels and few failed to have
on cute, short skirts, frilly and flounced or tight
across the ass. He was pleased that most had given up
pantyhose for proper stockings. He suspected some
occasionally omitted the panties. Several had shrunk
their waists, giving even the lithe blonde with
slightly inadequate superstructure quite a figure. 
Slinky blouses made the most of their upper-story
assets.

By the time several pitchers of Margaritas were
history and the after-work customers started to
arrive, there were four slightly soused sexy
housewives. Charlie didn't doubt there were always
going to be an equal number of very happy husbands
that night. He was sometimes tempted to "get to know"
one of these women better. Seeing them always made
him hard. If he could have overheard their
conversation this day, he would have exploded.

A closer observer than Charlie, perhaps a Charlene,
might have noticed something different about today's
meting. For one thing, no one ordered a Margarita but
rather an espresso, latte, tisane, and lemonade. For
another, the group was strangely subdued. 

"Well, we did it," Karen Jurasec said with a somewhat
forced smile.

"Yes," Sara Huberman nodded. "All four graduated, all
with 4.0 GPA's, and no shotgun weddings."

"I should think not, each one with three women to
encourage him with his studies ..." added Vicki
Vanclette

"When we weren't screwing him silly." Hanna
interrupted. The women laughed.

"Now they are all leaving for jobs at corporate plants
and offices all over the country, Karen said, sadly.

"Amazing! We've been fucking six college boys for
four years and our husbands never suspected a thing"
Vicki chuckled.

"Why should they?" Sara asked. "I found having
affairs with your sons plus Walter Vanclette's three
roommates made me feel so good about my self, so sexy,
I was coming on to my husband all the time. Ralph's
been getting more sex than since we were newlyweds. 
He can't stop grinning long enough to be suspicious.

"If they weren't men, the sex itself would have made
our husbands suspicious," Vicki snorted.

There was a lull in the conversation as if everyone
had something else to say but was reluctant to say it.
Finally Karen took a deep breath and launched out. 
"Donald didn't suspect either, and yes probably
because I was making love to him like crazy, but I
still felt bad. I was cheating."

Several women tried to break in to object, but Karen
continued. "Maybe you didn't feel that way, but I
did. When I came in all those nights full of boy cum,
tired but still horny, Donald always made love to me
so trustingly, even eating me afterward the way I like
it, never dreaming he was cleaning up after several
randy twenty year olds. The guilt explains part of
it. Then, too, I guess I was already feeling lonely,
knowing that my Jimmy would soon be gone and Donald
and I would have a big empty house to ourselves."

Several lascivious grins indicated that the other
women had thought the same thing and had ideas about
how to take advantage of the time alone with their
husbands. Karen started to smile herself.

"So I got to thinking how I could make it up to Donald
for letting me have fun with six young studs for four
years, even if he didn't know it. When I thought
about it, there wasn't any doubt what I should do. At
the next right time when we were about to start making
love I stopped him before he put on the condom and
asked him if he still wanted us to start a second
family he'd been pestering me about. He snorted like
a horny buffalo, went wild with enthusiasm, said yes,
yes, he had been dreaming for years about getting me
pregnant again, about seeing my pretty tummy bulging
with his baby. He even said why didn't I start on
those fertility drugs that can promote multiple
births. I just laughed and said, yes, we COULD wait
several weeks if he wasn't in a hurry, but I had a
very sticky flow this morning and was probably fertile
all that weekend. I thought he might want to 'get
started right away.'"

"Did he ever! He hardly let me out of bed until
Monday. When we weren't fucking, he had my ass
propped up with pillows to keep the semen in and spent
hours eating me to climax after climax. He did it
partly because he was so happy I'd relented about not
having more babies after so many years but more
because he'd heard orgasms promote conception."

"Since then, it's all Donald can talk about. He wants
to go shopping for maternity dresses with me. He's
established TWO 529 college tuition accounts and is
talking about adding a nursery to the house if we
don't sell and "move into something bigger." 
Apparently he has gotten the idea that we'll be having
at least three more. Anyway, yesterday I went to my
OBGYN and after a severe look for getting pregnant "at
my age" she told me everything looked fine for a
delivery next spring."

Karen stopped as if she had run out of gas. Looking
around, she was surprised not to be greeted by
congratulation or scorn or mockery. Instead, Sara
spoke up. "I hadn't thought about it that way. Maybe
it was the "empty next" feeling, as you said. That
and regret that soon I'll have only one loving husband
rather than one loving husband AND six horny college
boys to fuck." There were sympathetic nods around the
table. "Especially Josh." Josh's mother, Vicki,
blushed.

"All the boys are nice and great lovers, but Josh is
so gentle, so considerate, I knew I was going to miss
him terribly. In some crazy way I wanted to hold on
to him, not let him leave me." Vicki frowned. "Oh I
know, he has a brilliant career ahead of him at
corporate headquarters; I'd never do anything to hold
him back, but I did want to keep a part of Josh with
me."

"I thought about not telling him, but I couldn't be
dishonest, so one night last month when he was already
in me, bringing me to one wonderful orgasm after
another, I asked him if he would like me to have his
baby. It was hardly fair; he was pretty far gone when
I told him I had removed my cervical cap and that I
was probably fertile that night. If he didn't want to
put a baby in me, he'd better pull out." 

The other women gasped.

"I needn't have worried. Josh almost sobbed with joy.
He said he'd been dreaming of being able to knock me
up since the first night I took him to our lake
cottage. He said I'd be the most beautiful, the
sexiest new mother in the world and he would be very
proud for me to have his baby. Even as he was moaning
his agreement, he was fucking me faster and faster. 
Instinctively I locked my legs behind his back and
pulled him into me. He couldn't have pulled out if
he'd wanted to. Josh roared when his orgasm overtook
him and I came too, feeling his hot young sperm spew
into my fertile womb."

"We lay locked together like rutting dogs for several
minutes when, wonder of wonders, I felt him getting
hard again. I teased him about being a bad boy for
wanting to fuck a pregnant woman. That set him off. 
He fucked me twice more without removing his cock from
me for an instant. We have continued to have
unprotected sex but I'm sure that first flood of
potent young semen did it for me. An EPT this morning
showed I'm pregnant. Ralph was rather surprised that
we'd had a 'little accident,' but he's so proud to
have me pregnant again, he'll never suspect a thing."

Now it was Sara's turn to be surprised at the lack of
surprise, even from Vicki. Only Hanna seemed aghast
at Sara's deliberate cuckolding of her husband. "I
swore him to secrecy, of course, and you mustn't tell
either. It has to remain just between us."

"Well, that explains what happened to me. Josh must
have told Walter he'd knocked you up," Vicky said.

"Oh no! He promised," Sara sighed.

"Oh, come on Sara. He is only human," Vicki sighed. 
"You can't expect a college boy who has just
impregnated a woman twenty years older than he,
especially one a sexy as you, not to brag, can you?"

"Walter told you that?" Sara asked, distraught.

"No, but he must have gotten the idea from Josh. I
was with Walter what must have been only a few days
after you let Josh make you pregnant. Walter was
fucking me good -- he always fucks me good." She
looked at Vicki gratefully. "Suddenly he slowed down
and asked if I would remember him when he was gone. 
Between gasps I said of course I would -- who can
forget a cock like his? I was close to another orgasm
and in no mood for conversation. He looked down at me
grinning and asked if I was sure I didn't want a
little souvenir of our time together."

"I wasn't too far gone for a little red alarm light to
go on in my almost fucked-out brain. What did he
mean, I asked. He said he wanted to give me a baby to
remember him by before he went away. I started crying
and telling him I couldn't do that to Anthony, but he
paid no attention, continuing to fuck me into semi
coherence. Then he stopped completely and pulled out.
I thought I'd changed his mind, but an evil smile
told me I was wrong. He said I WOULD have something
to remember him by, but I could choose what. Then he
pulled out photos of us fucking. These were no
romantic couplings and they sure didn't look like
rape. Somehow Walter had pictures of me on my
stomach, ass in air as he pounded me from behind. 
Another showed him, or someone, giving it to me on my
back with my heels in the air. There were several of
me in the middle of an orgasm, my mouth open and eyes
closed us and Walter's schlong buried balls deep in my
married pussy. There were shots of me naked except
for my heels, playing with my pussy, obviously posing
for him. Walter said these and many more like it were
all on a file that he would e-mail to my husband so we
'both could remember him.'"

I was lost and asked him what I had to do. He said he
knew I'd had my period about 10 days ago, so he wanted
me to go to a hotel with him the coming weekend. He
would to check to make sure I did not have my
diaphragm in. I knew it was too late to start on the
pill and besides, he pointed out, if I didn't get
pregnant, he could still send the pictures. As luck
would have it his calculations were right on; the
morning of my blackmailed breeding I was as wet and
slick as ever in my life. Walter was in the room he
had reserved and he didn't waste time when I arrived
stripping me and warming me up. I hated what he was
forcing me to do, but I responded to his kisses as I
always do, like a bitch in heat. I was gushing after
only minutes of him playing with my tits. I felt his
fingers in my pussy. He was arousing me, but I knew
he was also making sure I had no birth control in me."

"When he was sure I was vulnerable he shoved me on the
bed and pulled out his cock. Brandishing it at me he
asked if I was ready to have him give me his baby. I
shook my head no, but he just laughed and said I would
be once he started fucking me. I closed my eyes,
trying not to think, trying not to show any emotion
when he slid his giant cock into me. I failed. The
first gasp rapidly became heavy rapid breathing as my
body responded to his incessant pounding."

"As my first orgasm approached he asked me again if I
wanted him to keep fucking me, giving me his baby. I
tried to protest, tried to say no but at that moment
it hit me, a wave of ecstasy that turned my resisted
to complicity. He asked again and I said yes, yes,
yes I wanted a baby. To my shame, I begged him,
begged him to fuck me, begged him to knock me up with
his bastard child. Satisfied he bellowed, stiffened
and I felt jets of liquid fire shoot into me. I
orgasmed again as well as he collapsed on top of me."

"Before I could recover Walter's roommates had entered
and were pushing Walter aside, calling for their turn.
Again I tried to protest but it was useless. Almost
as soon as Walter pulled out, one of the another boy
was in me. The were all so excited at knocking up a
married woman the lasted only minutes before adding
their seed to Walter's. Only minutes, but enough to
make me come like a runaway freight train. They
continued for hours, each fucking me three or four
times, climaxing me again and again. There was no way
I could not be pregnant from that cumload. When I
made love to Anthony that night he thought I was
crying for happiness at "our" sudden decision to have
another baby."

Vicki surveyed her sympathetic friends. "You won't
even know who the farther is, will you?" Karen asked. 
Sadly Vicki shook her head. The women noticed that
Hanna was not looking very sympathetic.

"My, my, my! Haven't we all been naughty?" Hanna
smirked. "Karen was so guilty about letting six
college boys fuck her silly, she let her longsuffering
husband put a baby in her middle aged tummy! Sara was
so infatuated with her twenty-year old lover, she just
"had" to let him give her his baby. Vicky, who
started her career with the Amenity Project pulling a
train, gets pregnant at a free-fuck-for-all gang bang
and may the best sperm win! By the way, as my Billy
tells it, Vicki was not so reluctant s she says. She
went wild, demanding that they knock her up, taunting
them to pump more baby-making semen into her fertile
pussy. If she hadn't kept drinking until she passed
out, she' still be there." Vicki blushed.

"Well, girls, I've been naughty, too, but I'm sure as
hell not sorry about it. Billy told me about Sara and
Vicki getting pregnant a month or so ago one night
while we were making love,"

Three jaws dropped open but no sounds came out of the
mouths of the astounded women.

"Oh, yes, I've been fucking my son since, well, lets
just say he never experienced the traumas of other
junior high boys, wanting to fuck his teachers, his
friends' mothers, sexy high school girls, supermarket
checkers, women in the church choir, and every other
woman from 18-65. I was keeping Billy's prick limp all
by myself too well for him to fall for one of those
junior college sluts, , but I played along to avoid
suspicion."

"But hearing that Sara and Vicki were going to be
having little bastards gave me a wonderfully nasty
idea."

Three pairs of wide eyes grew even wider.

"I must say, 4.0 or no, Billy may not have the
initiative to claw his way up the corporate hierarchy.
Even after helping Vicki get an baby in her belly, it
didn't occur to the big ungrateful sap that his horny
Mommy might want to get pregnant, too."

"Of course I didn't let that stand in my way. A night
or so later when he had fucked me to a few nice
orgasms and was getting ready to fill a condom with
his baby juice, I told him I had made a little pin
hole in it and that if he didn't stop, he might knock
me up. He actually slowed down! I was disappointed,
of course, that he had not been fantasizing about
making a baby with his sexy mother like most healthy
adolescent boys, but I wasn't concerned. I just
'warned' him that he weren't careful, he was going to
pump his baby-making sperm in my fertile pussy, He
could make me pregnant, blow up my belly with his
baby, make my tits get big with milk for a little
brother or sister."

"I could feel his cock in me grow harder and I
continued to taunt him, telling him what a bad boy he
was for wanting to cuckold his Daddy, wanting to put a
baby in his Mommy's married pussy, probably wishing he
could nurse from my milk-swollen breasts! That did
it! He trumpeted like a rogue bull elephant and
slammed his delicious prick in me and erupted. I felt
the rush of scalding jizz, the sabotaged condom
failing perfectly. It was like a geyser spewing his
baby making sperm into my pussy. I already had
visions of Fred and me seeing him off at the airport,
me in sexy mini-maternity dress already starting to
show."

For a few seconds there was a stunned silence, then
Sara started t laugh. "My god! Four pregnant, middle
aged housewives, soon to be without our young lovers! 
What are we going to do? I remember when I was
pregnant with Walter how horny I was. Ralph could
hardly keep up with me then; now he's barely good for
once a night! I'll be climbing the walls!"

Karen scooted closer and ran her hand under Sara's
skirt. "Well," she grinned, we have each other."

Vicki grinned. "Yes, having a woman's tongue in my
puss, and vice versa, will be a pleasant diversion,
but I for one knew I'd need hard male cock to keep me
sane. I was already beginning to cast lustful glances
at any man who walked near me."

Vicki looked down, She squirmed in her seat. She went
to say something, then stopped. She looked up. 

Sara observed the movements and said, "You have
something to tell us?"

Her eyes went from woman to woman. "So I did something
about it. Last Saturday night, I just had to go out
-- to the "Red Rooster" lounge. I danced with several
the Kappa Sigma guys from State. I came on to them
and suggested I would like to spend some time with
them. They took me to their frat house and then they
took me -- all of them. They were pretty tired when
we finished, but told me to come back anytime. Care
to join me?"

Sara, Karen, and Hanna exchanged glances.

Karen smiled at Vicki as she said, "Charlie, check
please."

Comments, please to 
Vargas111@yahoo.com



=====
My stories can be read on:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Vargas
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html
http://www.mcstories.com
http://www.eroticstories.com
http://storiesonline.net
http://www.literotica.com
