Striptease Party
bycruiser_2015©

I was on the organising committee for our football club's Christmas party and after an excellent winter season we decided to do something special this year. Like always it was a guys only event, about thirty of us all in our late twenties to thirties, and mostly single. We hired our usual community hall. But as well as the usual beer and buffet, big TV screen showing porn DVD's and piles of porn magazines we hired a couple of strippers for the evening. We'd kept that a closely guarded secret from the rest of the club. When blonde Jayne and brunette Angie arrived, a pair of beauties in their early twenties, with their big boobs oozing out of the their skimpy tops and skirts miles up their thighs the cheer that went up showed everyone realised what they'd come for, even without Jayne's: 

"Hi boys! Are you all ready for some tits and pussy?" 

accompanied by her playful flick of her skirt to show a glimpse of her black thong.

The girls' first few routines were tame - compared with what was to follow! Jayne started off with a solo strip from our club's football shirt, brief white shorts so tight over her well rounded backside they looked spray painted on, knee length socks and high heels, with a tiny black bra and thong underneath. 

Jayne stripped deliciously slowly, tossing her bra and thong to her audience. She sprawled nude on the low stage, straining her legs wide, wiggling her cheeky bottom, thrusting her big quivering breasts and showing us every sex position I've ever had a girl in, and a few I'd like to have! She finished her routine laying on her back, spreading her legs so wide she was all but doing the splits. She licked and fingered her nipples, obviously exciting herself, then slid her hand slowly down her front from her boobs over her belly button down between her legs to finger her smooth shaven love slit.

Then she showed us how she masturbated! She slid her fingers into her slit, moaning, crying out and writhing with sex pleasure as her fingers stroked her labia and circled her clit. We watched as she worked herself wild, climaxing with a shriek, arching her back to thrust her hips, kicking her legs up as if she was folding them over a guy on top of her and pounding his bum with her heels, with her breasts bouncing as her whole body juddered. If it was a faked orgasm it certainly looked as good as any I've ever given a girl, and got my muscle straining to give her one for real! All through her raunchy performance the guys were cheering, wolf whistling and yelling lewd comments and it was obvious Jayne was enjoying every bit of it!

But as the evening progressed things got a hell of a lot more raunchy! 

After the girls had done a few striptease routines on the stage, Angie strolled in wearing a schoolgirl outfit of a tight, all but see through white blouse with a necktie, grey pleated miniskirt miles shorter than school regulations, ending just at the tops of sheer black stockings and shiny black high heels, a straw boater perched saucily perched on her brunette head, and reading a porn magazine instead of her school books. 

Instead of stripping on the stage she wandered around the hall letting guys fondle her, lift what little there was of her skirt to see her white schoolgirl knickers, and put their hands up her skirt to play with her bottom. Then she snuggled up to guys for them to undress her one garment at a time, her skirt first, followed by her blouse, then her white bra and knickers. They took their time, savouring every button of her blouse, playing with her bra straps and clasp as if they'd never taken a girl's bra off before! When she stepped her foot up onto a chair for a guy to peel a stocking off the others yelled good natured complaints about how long he spent feeling her bottom and cunt through her knickers and how slowly he peeled her stocking down her leg!

When Angie was just down to her white cotton knickers I couldn't believe my luck when she came to me and bent over a chair in front of me with her big breasts swinging as she sensuously wiggled her bum. She was inviting me to pull her knickers down! I fondled her bum through the taut white cotton. I ran my fingers along the thin gusset between her legs to stroke her mound and stroked my fingertips along her vagina lips through her knickers. Angie certainly liked that! She gave a little moan of pleasure and spread her legs wider for my exploring hand. I slipped Angie's knickers down, she let them drop, kicked them aside and spread her legs wide. Looking at me over her shoulder she said:

"I've been a naughty little girl doing dirty things for boys. I need my bottom smacked."

The guys all cheered and some one yelled:

"Give her what she deserves!"

I patted her soft bottom, caressed the backs and insides of her spread thighs, then slid my hand between her legs from behind to ruffle her juice wetted cunt bush and to stroke her wet vagina lips. I felt her quiver with sex pleasure and she gave a little excited gasp as I fingered her. She certainly wasn't in any hurry for me to stop pleasuring her cunt! She finished by strolling a nude circuit of the hall through a gauntlet of exploring hands on her backside, thighs, cunt and boobs as she browsed her porn magazine.

In between the girls' acts I watched the porn DVD, browsed hardcore porn magazines and sipped beer. I watched as guys went off to the men's toilets with porn magazines, obviously intending to jerk one off. I was determined to keep sober and avoid "brewers droop" and to save my semen in case I had a chance later that evening to use a good hard erection. I'd taken a Viagra tablet too as a precaution to make sure I'd get a rock hard boner. Through the evening things steadily got raunchier and raunchier. 

After solo strips on the stage and strolling round the hall, Jayne and Angie came in together wearing sexy secretary outfits, dressed like the women I ogled every day at work except for their thinner, tighter blouses and far shorter skirts. Blonde Jayne was in a boob clinging pastel pink striped blouse and a dark grey business style skirt tight over her bum, with black nylons. Contrasting brunette Angie was in a black blouse, a light beige skirt and tan stockings. Angie had her dark hair in a pony tail and wore glasses, giving her a real sexy innocent but professional appearance. An incredibly erotic double act followed.

We stood around them in a circle as the girls slowly undressed each other in the middle of the floor. They played with each other first, lifting each other's skirts and slipping their hands down inside each other's panties, before they removed each other's clothes. They took each other's skirts off first, then blouses, then Jayne's black and Angie's white bra and panties, leaving each other's stockings till last. They used the chair as a prop, sitting in it and hooking their legs over the arms and bending over it to show us stocking top upskirts, each girl stepping her heeled feet up onto it to have her stockings peeled off, bending over it to have her panties pulled down, and lots more!

When they were both nude they did a lesbian sex routine on the hall floor. They caressed, licked and kissed each other's breasts, rubbed their nipples together, brushed breasts against each other's cunts, fingered and kissed each other's pussies, got into scissors position to rub their cunts together and treated each other to sixty nine. At the end of a truly penis straining performance Jayne stood leaning back against the chair with her legs spread and her back slightly arched to thrust her breasts out, while Angie bent over the chair with her big boobs swinging, sensuously wiggling her bottom. Jayne addressed her audience.

"Did you enjoy that as much as we did, boys? How about showing your appreciation in the customary manner?" 

As she spoke she formed her thumb and forefinger into a ring and bobbed her hand smoothly up and down at the height, length and angle of a guy's erect penis, making it obvious she wasn't meaning applause! As if that wasn't enough inducement Jayne continued.

"Come on boys, now its your turn to show us what you've got. There's a nice prize for the best!"

About half a dozen guys, I guess most of those still sober enough to manage a good stiff erection, went forward and stood around the girls. To the cheers and wolf whistles of us standing watching they unzipped and dropped their jeans, briefs and boxers round their legs so an inward pointing ring of stiffly quivering erections was aimed at Jayne and Angie. It was an impressive display, not one penis was less than six inches long, with some almost vertical with lust. But the unquestioned winner was Sam, a huge black guy. His erect penis looked all of ten inches long. He stood with his hips thrust proudly forward with his erect penis sticking straight out from his thick bush of jet black pubes with its big brown mushroom head bending up. 

"Ooooohhhh!" purred Jayne, "what a beauty!" Sam grunted as she reached down and ran her fingers lightly along his huge hard up cock and over his big hairy balls and tickled him between his legs.

Everyone cheered as Jayne hung her black panties on Sam's shaft as a trophy. Then Sam got his prize! Jayne snuggled up to him, pressing her naked body against his, and with her panties still hung on his shaft she hand jobbed him. Sam's penis was so big Jayne could only just wrap her hand round it. She pumped Sam's shaft for ages, pulling and stroking his foreskin, tickling his knob, running her fingers through his thick black bush, and fingering his balls. As Jayne hand jobbed him Sam's hands explored her bottom, cunt, thighs and breasts. Sam took ages to come, grunting, thrusting his hips and gripping Jayne's buttocks.

The other guys masturbated as they stood around Sam and the girls, tugging and stroking their penises, fondling the girls with their spare hands and prodding their penis heads against the girls' naked bodies. One guy wanked with his knob poked into Angie's bum crack as she bent over the chair. Another guy stuck the head of his penis against Sam's bum as he jerked himself off. He wasn't gay, it was just for fun! They came one by one grunting as they splashed their cumshots over the girls - and over Sam's big black muscular backside! As one guy's cum rose he moved right in front of Angie bending over the chair so close the head of his cock was brushing her lips. She started to lick his penis head and moments later he splashed his cum over her face. 

Sam came spectacularly, shoving his cock forward, digging his fingertips into Jayne's buttocks so hard as he pulled her against himself that she squealed. Every muscle of his big black body seemed to tighten and he juddered and let out a deep throated growl as his semen arched across the chair and splashed over Angie's back and hair. Sam staggered back with his huge cock swinging and dripping semen onto Jayne's panties still hanging from it. All the guys clapped and cheered. 

The girls took a well earned break after that. I guess they also needed time to wipe the cumshot splashes of semen off their bodies. After seeing Jayne's and Angie's raunchy striptease, watched that kinky les act and watched Jayne jerk Sam off, and with the feel of Angie's soft smooth legs and bottom and her furry cunt fresh in my mind, my penis wouldn't stay down. I was regretting not having gone forward to wank over the girls. By then I seemed to be one of the only guys in the place sober enough to manage a decent erection. I'd found an incredibly hot Swedish hard core porn magazine with pictures of a leggy, big boobed hairy cunted girl in unbelievably erotic poses I just couldn't keep my eyes off. The Viagra had kicked in and I felt as if I had an aching hard steel bar between my legs. I was desperate to jerk my load. With the magazine in my hand I headed for the men's toilet to make my own fresh contribution to the semen splashes trickling down the cubicle walls.

I passed the ladies' toilet on the way. The door was ajar. As I passed it Angie called out. I saw she was nude but for black high heels. 

"Do you want something nicer than a wank?" she asked, leaning back against the door frame with her knee up in the classic prostitute's stance. "Stripping gets me so horny. I loved it when you played with my pussy during my schoolgirl act. I'm throbbing ... please!" As she spoke she fingered her cunt bush.

It was obvious she was desperate for sex, waiting for the first randy guy who passed by, and luck was on my side that night! I went into the toilet. Jayne was bending over the sink wearing a vintage lingerie outfit of a cream "bullet bra", suspender girdle, see through cream lace panties showing her neat dark bush through, seamed tan stockings and white high heels ready for her next striptease. She was adjusting her make up and eyelashes. 

Angie started to undress me, lifting off my shirt. Jayne stayed long enough to watch me drop my briefs and see my rock hard erection spring out. 

"Mmmmmmm!" Jayne purred with obvious approval as she ran her hand over my sex kit. "I wish I was getting that up me!" Then Jayne left to treat the guys to her vintage lingerie strip routine. 

Angie and I went into one of the cubicles and bolted the door. Angie squatted down in front of me and slipped a condom over my straining cock, stroking it smooth as she pulled it right down to my pubes, nearly causing me to fill it with semen right then. But somehow I managed to hold back. Whimpering with excitement, Angie bent over the seat with her bottom toward me, spreading her legs so her feet braced against the cubicle sides. She was a tall girl with long legs and her high heels got her pussy to just the right height. 

"Ooooooooh! Deep and hard!" Angie moaned. From the hall I heard a roar of cheers and guessed Jayne's vintage underwear was proving a success.

I wanted Angie white hot before I had her. I caressed the backs and insides of her thighs, tickled her down her bum crack, and fingered her vagina lips, letting my erect cock brush against her thighs. I felt her labia swell with her arousal and get sodden with her sex juice. Her moans and excited gasps told me I was hitting just the right spot. She reached down between her legs and began to finger pleasure herself, getting her soft buttocks quivering with the motion of her hand. Suddenly she juddered, gasped, her body stiffened, and she cried out:

"Now! Want! Oh please!"

I slid my shaft full length into her tight, smooth love slit till my pubes were against Angie's bum, and with a deep moan she snuggled back against me. As I rhythmically pumped Angie's vagina full length with my cock I held her thighs to pull her soft warm bottom against my belly.

My fingers and Angie's masturbating had taken her to the brink. I was still pumping her hard when she shrieked, stiffened, then juddered with the pulses of her orgasm. I held her by both her thighs as she shook. Seconds later as my own cum exploded I shoved Angie forward with my last thrust, and I filled the condom as deliciously as if it wasn't there and I was filling Angie herself. I stepped back from Angie with the semen filled condom still in place, leaned back against the cubicle door, and pulled the condom from my cock. My Viagra supercharged erection was still up hard as Angie stayed bent over the seat panting with her afterglow. I reached my hand between her legs from behind to cup my hand over her juice soaked pussy.

"Oooooooh! ... That was lovely," Angie sighed.

Angie stood and saw my still erect penis. 

"You're still up hard. Shall I ...?" she asked, with a mischievous grin on her face, and gently fingering my semen covered erection. She snuggled up next to me pressing her breasts against my arm and brushing her juice soaked cunt bush against my thigh and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Then while I held her against me and played with her bottom and breasts she wrapped her hand round my shaft and hand jobbed the last couple of spurts of semen out. My cum splashed against the cubicle wall and trickled slowly toward the floor. 

After that, back in the hall I watched Jayne and Angie perform their last few routines. Finally the girls left, giving me and the other organisers some nude pictures of themselves with their phone numbers scribbled on the back to remember them by when we wanted their services again. A few of us stayed to clear the place up, and among the scattered beer cans and bottles, porn magazines and remains of the buffet I found Jayne's black panties that I'd last seen hung on Sam's huge cock. 

I kept them as a souvenir of a Christmas party I certainly won't forget in a hurry!

