I was supposedly working on a warding charm that should keep a client's cat out of the neighbor's tree. I was actually half working on a warding charm and half glancing across the lab. Bob was wearing the damn pants again.

Bob's new jeans had been kind of an epiphany to me. I'd always wondered why people would actually pay money for pre-worn jeans. Why would you buy something that looked like it was about to sprout holes?

I understood now. People bought those jeans because they wanted to look like Bob looked in those jeans. The faded denim hugged his muscular thighs, stroked his calves when he walked. Clung to his lean hips, showed off his perfectly toned ass to a tee.

Now, I'm not a slave to my libido, not more than any guy. I can work with attractive women without falling apart. And even though I'm attracted to a guy-- Bob, specifically, the rest of the male gender still doesn't do it for me-- I can work with him, too.

But if a woman was walking around in pants that hugged her legs and a low-cut top, I'd be distracted. Just a fact. And if Bob decided to waltz around the lab in those damn jeans--

I turned back to the charm with an effort of will, inscribing another sigil on the little silver tag, and looked up again.

Bob was draped over a lab stool with one leg propped up. One arm was draped over his thigh, right next to that faded white patch in the denim that I kept staring at as if my gaze could burn a hole in it. Because then there'd be a hole right over his inner thigh, the soft white skin peeking through the denim. His robe's sleeve was rolled up to display equally pale skin-- his muscular forearm.

The urge to go over and indulge myself was nearly a craving at this point. I put my head in one hand, rubbing the bridge of my nose. "I need a break. I'm going to head up and grab a drink."

"Okay, chief," Bob said, not looking up from his research.

I padded up the stairs, grumbling to myself, and went for some icewater.

I sat on the couch for a few minutes, recentering. Not true meditation, but a clearing of my mind, a refocus on the task at hand. Refreshed, I opened my eyes.

And was looking straight at the damn jeans.

"Hey, Harry," Bob said, looking down at me. He'd shed his robe, so now it was tight jeans and tight t-shirt. "You were looking a little grumpy. I thought I should come see what was up."

"Bob, you're wearing the damn jeans."

He looked down, shrugged. "You mentioned you liked them."

"I mentioned they were distracting."

He smirked. "Hey. I can't help looking good."

"Bob, I'm trying to work." I said flatly.

"That's not my problem," he said flippantly.

"Oh, you asked for it, skull-boy." I stood up, looming over him, advancing on him like a wolf stalking a faun. His eyes widened and he backed up.

"Until I say 'be though commanded,'" I said, in a low threatening voice, following him across the length of the livingroom until he didn't have any more room to back up.

"Uh, Harry, you're-- looking kind of intense, there. I could go change-"

"-Do what thou wilst of thy own free will."

His back hit the wall. "Harry?" he asked meekly. "Um, your pupils are dilating. And you're looking a little tense."

"Don't worry. I'm about to feel a lot better."

"Aah. Um. I'm sorry?"

My hands slammed against the wall on either side of his shoulders, and I leaned down to give him a bruising kiss. He froze, and then melted into my onslaught, lips parting as my tongue thrust between them. His breath caught as I plundered his mouth, lapping at his palate, stroking his tongue with my own, brooking no resistance, no retaliation.

His eyes were glassy when I pulled back.

"Put your hands on my face, Bob," I said, my voice a command. And then, in a more conversational tone. "If you want, of course. Totally your own free will."

He gulped and slid his hands up to caress my face.

"I want you," I said, my voice low, purring. "Make me need you."

"Oh," Bob whispered, and shut his eyes as raw lust poured into me, a flood of heat through his palms and fingertips.

The urge, the craving-- I stopped trying to fight it. I surrendered willingly to the need, and dropped to my knees. The jeans were tight enough that I could see the outline of his flaccid cock, engorging already. I mouthed across the soft denim and felt him swelling under my lips; the surge of triumph went straight to my own groin. I kissed the hardening flesh, nuzzled it through the denim until Bob whimpered.

I popped the fly button by button, kissing each one just to frustrate him, and to savor the touch of metal on my hypersensitive lips. When the fly was open I dragged the jeans down a fraction of an inch at the time until he was free. No underwear; I'd known that since my mouth touched him. He was fully erect; almost jumped up to meet me.

This was what I'd been thinking of while he paraded his damn thighs in the lab-- I'd just wanted him in my mouth. Now that I had him, I wasn't to going rush it. I started at the base, burying my nose in the thatch of white hair and inhaling the scent of him, kissing his sac, running my tongue along it, savoring the taste of salt and skin, reacquainting myself with the rough, crinkled texture-- and then shaft was smooth and hard under my tongue, the long vein of the bottom standing out. I traced it up, lapping the head.

Pausing a moment, I looked up at him. He was flat against the wall, his eyes wide and shocked, the pupils flaring with light. "Put your hands in my hair," I said, a quiet order.

His hands landed in my hair, shaking, and curled, tugging gently. I closed my eyes in pleasure. I wasn't going to deny myself any longer. I took him into my mouth with a moan of satisfaction, my lips wrapping around him just under the head and then sliding down to take him until my nose touched that white hair again.

Gag reflex? Supressed, like my inhibitions. I gave him a few deep strokes and then pulled back to savor the taste, the weight of him in my mouth, exploring liesurely with my tongue.

Bob's fingers curled tight in my hair. "Harry. Harry, please, please, please-"

Begging. My eyes rolled back a little-- I was rock hard, and every incoherent word in his rich voice was like a stroke across my own cock.

I licked him just under the head, then up across the slit-- I could taste salt, precum pumping out into my receptive mouth. I drew back, brushing my lips across the head, holding him with one hand and smearing that salt across my mouth, licking it off, doing it again.

Bob made a sound somewhere between a sob and a moan, but knew better than to press my head down. "Harry-- oh, hell, good, please lovely-- please, please, deeper, Harry-"

He might as well have been giving me a hand job, didn't he understand that? His words and the taste of him on my lips were going to get me off. Well... not words. I could get him nonverbal if I tried... And it started by taking him back into my mouth. A soft hum of pleasure slipped out--maybe it was just Bob's energy charging through me, but somehow he seemed to fit my mouth perfectly. Every time.

I looked up, made sure he was watching when I took him all the way to the root again and started to really suck him. I kept my rhythm slow, bobbing up and down as his pleas turned into just ... sounds. I wanted him to moan for me. I needed to taste him finish.

I went fast and deep and hard, devouring him with every stroke as my hands played with his thigh, his sac, wherever I felt like touching him. His skin twitched under my fingers, and he keened softly-- then louder.

I felt him twitch in my mouth and could have smiled in satisfaction if my lips weren't stretched obscenely around him. Bob wailed out my name and his hips thrust desperately into my mouth. I let him fuck my face; welcomed him in. Enjoyed every second, milked him dry until one more touch of my tongue would have been painful.

I let him slip out of my mouth, and kissed his pale thigh before I stood up to see how he'd held up.

He was dazed. A wreck. The wall was the only thing holding him up; he slumped visibly when I gently guided his hands out of my hair.

Vindication. It's great.

"Thanks, Bob," I said, giving him a winning smile. Then, with a gentle effort, I pushed his energy out of my aura. The lust faded; my hypersensitive nerves ramped back down to normal. The satisfaction remained.

I licked a drop of semen off of the corner of my mouth and sighed contentedly. "I do feel better."

Bob opened his mouth, and then looked down.

My own significantly less tight, less sexy jeans were wet at the crotch, a spreading stain. Bob just shuddered and looked away.

"You ready to be commanded again?" I said cheerfully, afterglow making me almost bubbly.

He nodded, dazed. "... okay."

"Be thou commanded," I said, stroking his cheek; the ritual was as familiar to both of us as peeling off a condom. We don't need condoms. Bob's body doesn't incubate disease. Instead, he needed a shield against my will; if I accidently commanded him during sex, he'd have to obey. And neither of us would enjoy that.

Slavery isn't my kink. No.

Oral sex, on the other hand...

"I'm going to change," I said brightly. "See you back in the lab."

I headed into my room and poked around until I found a pair of not too dirty khakis, tossing my stained jeans in the pile to be washed. Then I headed back down to the subbasement to finish the charm.

Which worked... well, like a charm. I was relaxed, focused, energized; I felt Bob's eyes on me every now and then, and ignored them easily.

When I was done, I looked up. Bob jerked his eyes away from me, and focused hard on his book. I noted with mild satisfaction that it was the same page he'd been trying to read since I got back down here.

When he sneaked another glance at me, I moistened my bottom lip and then smiled warmly.

He sucked in a breath and put his head in one hand, rubbing the bridge of his nose.

I left him to it, and headed up the basement stairs, whistling a happy tune.