John hits the road.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 26 (mF, mc, nc, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"S'il vous plait...ohh..." Naked, ash blonde Margeau writhed on the table, flexing at her restraints, her eyes fixed on the sample of JJ's sperm that her captors had extracted from her vagina.

"What's wrong with her?" Carmen asked.

"Renette, give me that," Jean commanded, and his athletic brown-haired compatriot handed the sample to him. He brought the open test tube near Margeau's face, watching as her nostrils flared and her pupils dilated. "Interessant..." he murmured. He pulled the sample back and heard the restrained woman whine pitifully.

He handed the test tube back to Renette, who then took some of the sperm and prepared a slide for viewing under a microscope. After a few minutes she sat back and said, "I cannot see anything strange." She gestured to the microscope, and Jean took a look, and then it was Carmen's turn.

The former secret agent saw sperm wriggling about in high definition, and felt sick. She had actually forgotten to go get a "morning after" pill after she had been taken advantage of by JJ a couple weeks earlier. It had been so unlike her to forget something so important, but she had been rushing to get out of town before they followed through on their threat to release that incriminating video they had taken while Carmen's mind had been under the influence of JJ's pheromones. She figured that maybe those airborne chemicals had a longer-term effect than first surmised, contributing to her forgetfulness. She really hoped that her period would start soon; it was due. She stood back and shrugged her shoulders.

"Merde!" Jean swore. "So we have one woman on hand who reacts to this boy's pheromones, but no idea why. Our other guests seem immunitaire. The younger woman didn't get close to him, did she?"

Renette shook her head. "I think that one isn't right in the head, Jean. She just sits and rocks back and forth."

"Zut!" he swore again. "How long do you think we can stay in this location, Sandoval?"

Carmen considered. "This place hasn't been used by the agency in years, but I wouldn't push our luck...maybe another couple weeks."

Jean's face was grim. "And then we will have to decide what to do with the boy, his mother, and our other guests."

---

In the morning, John slipped out of the bordello with his duffel bag across his shoulder. With a silent farewell to the many women inside that he had fucked over the previous few weeks, as well as to the others around town he had serviced, he hit the road.

As he got to the edge of town, he saw a lone pickup truck heading his way. He stuck his thumb out and it slowed and stopped a few steps ahead. First one! It's my lucky day, John smiled to himself as he opened the passenger door.

He found himself looking down the barrel of a pistol. Looking up at the driver, he moaned in despair...it was the man whose wife John had fucked after first arriving in town! The guy had shot at him with the same gun.

"Not my lucky day after all..." John commented.

"Nope, it's mine, asshole," the man replied. "Was headed to work when I saw ya. Get in...we gonna go for a ride."

"Look, man, we can talk about this..." John began.

The man sneered. "I said, get..."

BLAM! John felt a piledriver hit him in the gut and he flew backward, off the road. He rolled a little down the embankment, the breath knocked out of him. He tried to move, but everything hurt and his body wouldn't respond.

"Fuck! Shit! I didn't--" John heard the man in the truck swearing, and then the vehicle roared forward, its side door slamming closed due to the sudden velocity.

"Help..." John wheezed, but nobody could hear him. Soon, a car whizzed by, and then another. Was he too far down the hill to see, he wondered? His vision swam, and then went dark.

---

The female captives were pushed back into JJ's room that afternoon. As before, Margeau was interested but the other women were not, other than JJ's mother, who hung back with the traumatized brown-haired girl by the door and breathed through her mouth to offset the effect of JJ's pheromones.

It was hard for Maureen to remember to not breathe through her nose, though, and the room only had limited airflow from a vent in the wall, so JJ's scent was everywhere. She watched as the French woman -- her name was Margeau, JJ had said -- removed her clothes and jumped onto JJ's cock, delighted that the boy wasn't fighting her this time.

The Chinese woman sat down next to Maureen and the brown-haired girl. "Did they spike Margeau's food or something? She's acting so sex-crazed!" She paused. "Oh...Luna," she held her hand out to Maureen.

"What a lovely name," Maureen said as she took the woman's hand. "I wish we were meeting under better circumstances, Luna."

"Joanne."

They looked over at the slim, brown-haired young woman, still sitting with her arms around her knees, rocking back and forth. It was the first thing that she had said to any of them.

"Pleased to meet you, Joanne," Maureen said, glad to have a distraction from the carnal activity going on in the far corner. "I'm sorry this happened to you." She sniffled, caught herself, and then forced herself to breathe through her mouth again. She wished that she was the one riding her son's cock hard, her fertile body urging his hot incestuous load to shoot deep within the womb he had been created in, and moaned. She put her head in her hands.

She felt Joanne grasp her arm. She looked over at the poor girl and saw concern, and then, as she watched, Joanne's face shifted into a strange grin.

"Don't worry about your son. He's doing juuuust fine. See?"

"Huuhhh!" JJ cried out as he thrust up into Margeau's overheated body.

Margeau felt JJ's potent seed inundate her unprotected insides once more, the hormones in his semen penetrating her body and connecting with the ones she had been inhaling from his pheromones. The circuit complete, those newly energized and transformed hormones lit up her pleasure center like a Christmas tree. "Aaieee!" she screamed, rearing up and giving JJ's cock a straight shot at her spasming cervix. With incredible timing, the next spurt of his cum went directly into her fertile womb.

"Buhh..." Margeau sighed, and lay upon JJ, breathing heavily. She didn't seem to have passed out this time.

Joanne giggled, but then looked over at Maureen. Seeing the worried look on the older woman's face, Joanne dropped her smile, put her head back against her knees, and started rocking again.

"Should we stop eating the food they give us?" Luna asked.

---

After school, Marti hung out in the mall's food court, listlessly eating french fries. She was going to go visit Regan in the hospital again as soon as visiting hours opened, since JJ's family would likely be the first to hear if he was found.

"Hey...Marti, right?"

She looked up and recognized the slim brunette with those wonderful handful titties. "Zara!"

"Hi!" Zara sat down next to her, still dressed in a button-up shirt and slacks for her work somewhere in the mall. "Um...do you know how I can reach JJ?"

Marti smiled. "Oh, wanting some more of his stuff, are ya?" Then she frowned, remembering. "I'm sorry, Zara, but JJ's gone missing."

"Oh."

Zara looked crestfallen, and then Marti realized the woman was almost in tears. "You okay?"

"Damnit..." the pretty brunette wiped at her eyes. "I've been so weepy the last few days. I'm pregnant, Marti."

"Oh shit!" Marti said, and then looked around the food court. A couple older people gave her the stink eye. "Are you sure it's JJ's?"

"Yeah, I haven't had a boyfriend in months, which is why I wasn't on the pill. No idea why I had sex with JJ without a condom, but...well, it was hot, wasn't it?" Zara got a faraway look on her face and nibbled her lower lip.

"Yeah," Marti responded, missing JJ more. "You gonna keep it?"

Zara snapped back to the present. "Well, I did say I wanted a baby, didn't I? Just thought I'd have a boyfriend to help with it." She looked at Marti. "How old is JJ?"

"Sixteen."

"Well, that's not gonna work. Fuck. Guess I have some thinking to do. Um, seeya, Marti. Hope he shows up soon." Then Zara rose to her feet and strode away.

"Bye..." Marti watched her go. "JJ, where are you?"

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)