Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 01

Having fun in a theater.

I am a woman in my late forties in a midwestern town, but when I was 19, I was living in Germany on a military base in a fairly large city. My father was an officer, and I spent summers there during breaks from college. Having gone to high school there, I still had some girlfriends in the area that I would hang out with.

If you have been to Europe, you know they are a lot more liberal about sex, and there are a lot more sex shops and things like that in the main part of town, not just in the bad areas. One day, two of my friends and I were walking around the city, and we saw a sex shop that had the store on the main floor, with a theater on the second floor. We were joking around, and went inside. We browsed for a while, looking at the toys, and then looked at the movie poster for the theater. None of us had ever been in an adult theater, but since the store was well lit and clean and we were all together, it decided to buy tickets and go in.

We went upstairs, carrying the refreshments the ticket taker had given us, and entered the theater. It was very clean, and we sat in some seats right in the middle. There wasn't any sex on-screen when we walked in, and we just sat there kind of giggling. When our eyes adjusted to the light, we saw that there were maybe a dozen men scattered throughout the theater. One of my friends whispered, "Oh my god, that guy over there is playing with himself!", and we looked over and sure enough he had his pants down around his knees with his hand slowly stroking his cock. About that time, a sex scene started playing, and my friends weren't that into it. Looking around, it was obvious that other men were also masturbating, and one even stood in full view.

After a few more minutes, my girlfriends said they had enough and we all left. But I couldn't stop thinking about that whole ordeal.

A couple of days later I took the tram into town again by myself, and walked by the same store. This was during the week in the middle of the day, and pretended I was just going shopping in the area. But after making sure there were no people in the general area, I slipped into the store. I must have looked scared and very nervous, because the woman behind the counter told me, "It's ok, many woman come here. We like sex too." Obviously I looked very American, and I appreciated her speaking in English to me. We talked a few minutes, and although it was a lie, I told he I had never seen an adult movie before and asked if she had ever been in the theater. She smiled and said she had never been inside alone, and women rarely go up there by themselves, but there wasn't any problem going in if I was curious, and that no one would bother me. Even now, I'm not sure if she knew I was one of the girls that was there on the weekend, but she didn't let on if she did know.

I went upstairs, shaking, and entered the theater. I sat in the same place, and this time there was a very intense sex scene on the screen. Again, there were a few men around the theater, and this time there were a couple of guys in the rows in front of me. They were curious about me and glanced back, but didn't approach me or bother me. I couldn't see much, but obviously they were masturbating. After about ten minutes, the movie ended and the theater lights came on! I must have looked shocked, because one of the men said in broken English, "No problem, the movie will start again. Just wait ten minutes", and jokingly I thought to myself that I really need to change my hair and clothes so that not everyone knows I'm an American at first glance. Then a man came in and collected the empty bottles and stuff from the patrons, smiling as he walked by. I have to say that I never felt threatened at all, and everyone was very polite. I later found that that is just how the German men are.

The movie started again, and soon enough there was another scene on the screen, and I could see the men's hands moving up and down again. I immediately became so wet, and I thought at first it was the action on the screen. But then I realized that it was the allure of the overt exhibition in this place that turned me on. Part of me said I should leave, but the other part wanted me to part my legs and touch my thighs (I had a knee length summer dress on). Slowly, the second part won and I unbuttoned the bottom few buttons on my dress so that it fell open. I slowly let my hand wander, but when I finally touched myself through my panties, I knew there was no turning back. I started rubbing furiously, and exploded in seconds. I'm sure some of the men in the rows behind me noticed, but I didn't look back. I just kind of panicked, buttoned by dress, and ran out. The woman at the counter smiled and said to come back again, although I knew I would never do that again.

But, of course later in the week I was taking the tram on my way back for another visit. Again, I had a button up sun dress, so I knew exactly what I was doing. The same woman was there, and she warmly greeted me. She also said not to the scared or nervous or ashamed (I guess she could see it in my face), and that are no rules in sex. If you like it, it's ok, and once you walk through that door no one judges you. She said I would be very surprised to know which people in the community do kinky things.

Feeling braver and more relaxed, I headed into the theater and took my usual seat, and again there were scattered men in the theater. After a few minutes, my fingers found the top button of my dress, and I casually unbuttoned it one by one, leaving the dress closed. I was getting more excited, knowing just a flimsy piece of clothing was keeping me from being completely exposed. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and let the dress fall completely open and I started masturbating. I had my hand inside my panties, and rubbed very fast and had an orgasm in less than a minute. Again, just the thought of being exposed like that was so exciting, and I really think I could have almost orgasmed eventually just sitting there. But, when I was finished, guilt set in and I buttoned up and rushed out again.

This became a ritual for me, but I wanted my visits to last longer. So next time, when I walked into the theater, I immediately went to the ladies restroom in the back and took off my panties and bra and tucked them in a little bag and left them there. I came back to the theater and took a seat, and started my little game of gently unbuttoning my dress. Also, this time I made sure at least one man was glancing at me as I released each button, so they would know they were going to get a show. When I started getting warm, I again let the dress fall open, but this time I didn't touch myself and just let the men watch. Here I was, my dress falling down around my shoulders with my legs slightly parted, and my hands laying across my tummy. Eventually I let my hands caress my thighs, and slowly worked my way up to my clitoris. I was more gentle with myself this time, even going so far as teasing myself. I really wanted it to last a long time. And, I was really captivating the men's attention. One of them stood up and started approaching me, but I panicked and held up my hand sand said, "No!" He smiled and said, "No problem, you just like displaying yourself. I understand." He was actually very right about this, and once I admitted it to myself I became very relaxed. I said, "Oh, you speak English. I don't mind if the men want to stand and watch me, but stay back a little please." At that, I had five men standing around me in a large circle, all of them playing with themselves. I resumed masturbating, and within a minute I was shuddering with an orgasm. But once again, guilt set in and I stood up and ran to the restroom to gather my things and leave.

The next time I took it a little further. I started out the same way, but this time after I had let my dress fall open, I stood up and removed it completely, and took it to the restroom with my other things. Just walking through the theater with all of those eyes on me was exhilarating! When I returned to my seat, I sat in a row that had kind of an aisle between it and the next row, and before I knew it, I had men lined up (some of them with familiar faces) watching me. I became known as the girl who just wanted to be watched, and would give a nice show as long as I wasn't intimidated. I also just realized I didn't describe myself; I was nineteen, 5' 6", slender, long hair, and average breasts. I also wasn't shaven at all (this was the early 80s, but I still don't shave). I considered myself good looking, or at least none of them complained. Anyway, I was fully into exhibitionism at this point, and would pull my knees up and spread my legs and show everything. I would play with myself, and then tease my nipples with my wet fingers. I would even taste myself, and the men would go crazy. I was in my own little world, and even became friends with some of the men. One asked me, "Are all American girls like you?" I just smiled. I also had my own little game where I would tease them by telling when they were allowed to stroke their cocks and when then had to stop. I think they also liked that this pretty, petite young girl had so much power over them. And, I grew to like watching them explode. But again, I had my limits and I never touched them or let them touch me. They never even came within six feet of me.

I did this a couple of times a week, and never grew tired of it. I also became more bold each time. The woman at the front counter knew what I was doing, and we always chatted. She was older, and told me to have fun while I still had a body that men wanted to look at. She understood my fetish to show myself, and she even encouraged it. In later visits, she let me undress right in the store and walk around before I went to the theater. Once in the theater, I often took a place right in front, facing the crowd, and masturbated slowly for everyone while the movie played behind me.

I never went during the evening. I was afraid the crowds would be too large and that I would see someone I knew. But I did try a few other things on the advice of the woman running the store, and I could write about them if you are interested. I still think about those experiences, and only wish there was a place like that around Chicago, but at least it was fun while it lasted.


Showing Myself Ch. 02

My summer continues.

Thank you for the comments. First, I want you to understand a little more about me. I am just writing about a couple of summers long ago in my past. I am a very average housewife, still quite attractive I think, but very modest in my real life. Some people have offered to give me story ideas, but these are not stories. I am just writing down what happened those two summers for my own benefit, and somehow the knowledge that strangers are reading them now is exciting as well. It fulfills my exhibitionist tendencies somehow, since I can't do this in my hometown. I play the exhibitionist as much as I can for my husband, but he has no idea about that time in my life. Anyone who has spent time in Europe knows that women like me (as I soon learned that first summer) are not rare, and women like to have as much fun as men do. Thank you again.

As the summer went on, I became good friends with the woman at the store (her name is Renate). One day, she asked me if I would like to try another place, because someone wanted to meet me. I told her I was comfortable at her store, and didn't really need anything else and didn't want to take it any further, but she said she would take me there herself. So, we walked a few blocks, and came to a door that that had a sign next to it advertising adult movies. We walked in, and took a set of stairs downwards, coming to a small lobby with a counter and a rack of refreshments just like the other place, except there was no store.

Renate called out something in German, and I was surprised to see a woman step out from the back. She was about 35, tall, slender, had short blonde hair, and was wearing jeans and a white cotton sweater and a short brown jacket. She and Renate talked for a moment, and then she turned to me and introduced herself as Andrea and said in broken English that she was happy to meet me and that I was welcome anytime. I was kind of confused, because I had no idea how much she knew about me or if she wanted anything from me. I think she felt my discomfort, because she said not to worry, Renate told her everything and she only wanted to meet me. Again, I was surprised that a woman seemed to be in charge, and I asked them about it. They laughed, and explained that women have a lot of power in the adult industry, and many of the theaters and sex shops are owned by women.

Andrea was very frank with me. She said she was very intrigued to meet a young woman who was so eager to show her body for free (I never saw it that way), although she also said I was far from being the only one. That surprised me, because I assumed I was a very strange person who just had a harmless hobby. Keep in mind that I had grown up in a military family, there was no internet or even cable tv at that time, and I hadn't even hardly dated because of so much travel. So, I was quite naive, to be honest. She asked me if I was interested in being a stripper, and I said no, that money would take the fun out of it. And anyway, since I just sat there and let people look, I would make for a very boring stripper. She smiled and said we would have to talk about that again. At that time, Renate said she had to go, but I should stay and chat with Andrea and that I could come back to her store later. Andrea seemed very nice, so I stayed.

After Renate left, Andrea showed me around and took me into one of the two theaters. It was quite small, maybe a dozen seats, and she said that usually it was used at lunchtime, since the movies were also shorter and the admission was much less. Since it was only eleven in the morning, there was no one in either theater, and we just chatted. She asked me what I usually did in the theater when I visited Renate and what I found exciting about it.

"I just like to undress in the theater and feel the eyes on me. I don't really pay attention to the movie unless no one is there, and even then I don't understand what people are saying anyway." She found this very funny for some reason, and continued asking questions.

"Do you masturbate?"

I thought to myself, "Goodness, she isn't shy at all", and figured I didn't need to be shy either, and replied "Yes, always. I can't help it. But now I can control myself a little more and also enjoy just sitting there and letting my hands touch my body slowly. But when I finally masturbate, I orgasm very hard and then quickly dress and leave. I wish I would stay longer though, but I always feel guilty. Does that make sense?"

She ignored that question, and asked "Why does it excite you?"

I thought for a moment and said, "I don't know. It just does. I don't want to touch anyone and I don't want anyone to touch me, but I love it when people look at me. Even just walking in the city, I never wear jeans because I love the feeling of the breeze blowing across my legs, and knowing that maybe people are looking at how my dress clings to me. I imagine them undressing me with their eyes."

She looked at me, contemplating, and said "You said that you liked it when people looked at you. Do you mean anyone? Were there many women in Renate's theater?"

I hadn't noticed that I had said "people" and not simply "men", but I guess she was right. I replied, "No, there was never a woman there. Renate has seen me with nothing on in her store, but I wasn't thinking of her. I was just enjoying the thought that someone could walk in and see me. It would be no different if I was in a normal department store, except they don't allow you to walk around naked."

"Do you feel excited now?"

I paused and thought about it, and said "Yes, I think I always am. I am very modest normally and my friends would never believe what I do when I come downtown. But, just coming in here and knowing that I can do whatever I want makes me shiver."

"Show me what you do at Renate's. There are no customers yet, but I'm here. And someone could come here at any moment, although you would hear a little bell when they come down the stairs."

I thought about it, and I knew I was already wet. I said, "Ok, I'll show you, but you have to stand back. I like to act as though I am all alone, and someone just notices me."

She stepped back, and I settled in a seat in the back row. She stood in the aisle, four or five seats away. I slowly unbuttoned by dress, and as the last button fell open, I was still barely exposed. The dress fell between my thighs down below, and was barely open at the top between my breasts, showing a bit of my bra and hints of my skin between my breasts and waistline. I moved my fingers to my neck, and slowing dragged them down through the opening, letting them rest on the front of my panties. I glanced at Andrea from the corner of my eye, and she was leaning against the wall, her arms folded across her chest, with one foot pulled up against the wall (I remember this so vividly, I don't know why), watching me without emotion. I looked ahead at the screen, and then down to my body, teasing myself with my hands. Then, I let the dress fall open, and I stood up for a moment so it would fall off my shoulders and slip to the floor. I sat back down, and reached behind my back and unsnapped my bra, my nipples revealing how excited I was. I moved my hands downward and slid my panties off, and I was finally laying back completely exposed, wearing only my summer shoes. It sounds like this happened quickly, but I made it last ten minutes or more.

I continued to run my hands slowly over my body, pretending to be oblivious to Andrea, knowing she was watching me intently. I twirled a little tuft of the hair between my legs, and pulled up on it slightly so my wet folds became slightly visible. I stretched my legs out under the seat behind me and slid forward, trying to expose myself as much as possible.

Finally Andrea spoke: "You are uncomfortable. Come sit on the carpeted stair where I am standing, and you can stretch out. I'll put down my jacket and you can sit on that."

I was unsure, but she was right that I was cramped due to the next row of seats being so close. So I stood up, not making eye contact at all and sat down on the carpeted step, leaning back on my elbows with my knees up and parted, exposing myself completely. Andrea stepped closer, but I said, "Don't come too close. You can watch me though."

She stepped back, looking at me intently, as my hands slid down to my wetness. She said, "Please, can I just touch your legs? Your stomach? Can I just sit beside you and lean on you?"

I said, "No, really, I just want to be looked at. You can do anything else."

With that, she slid her jeans and panties down to her knees, exposing her long legs and silky light brown hair. She ran her hands over her thighs, and she asked me to touch her. "Please, I promise I won't touch you, but I would like you touch me."

I smiled and stayed where I was, and I spread my knees out further and increased the speed of my fingers. I had learned how to control my body over the weeks, and knew exactly when to stop, so I knew how far I could go for her. She groaned when she saw I wasn't going to change my mind, and pulled her sweater up to her neck, exposing a white lacey bra, holding up breasts much sexier than mine.

"Please", she said, obviously exasperated. She then moved her fingers to her own wetness, and started to vigorously rub herself. In moments, she was convulsing, her breasts jumping out slightly out of her bra, exposing her nipples. Leaning against the wall, she breathed heavily and said, "You amaze me."

"Why?" I said, continuing to let my fingers slide across my clitoris. I knew why, but I wanted to hear it.

"Renate said you never touched the men, and I was convinced you loved women instead, but you really do only like to be looked at."

I stopped masturbating and rested on my elbows, opening and closing my legs as though we were in the park having a picnic, talking about the school prom. "Yes", I said, "That really is all I like. I really love it. I have never even had sex before. I touch myself all the time at home, but it isn't as much fun alone. But you? You like women?"

She laughed and said, "You and I are very alike. Neither of us has been touched by a man." I think she wanted to say more, but didn't and changed the subject as she put her clothing back in order. "Do you want to stay here? Or do you want to go back to Renate's? You are welcome to stay here if you like."

It didn't take a lot of thought on my part. I told her I would stay for a while, and stood up and continued chatting. I gathered my clothing and walked to the lobby with her, placing it on a chair nearby. She gave me a bottle of water, and it was kind of exciting leaning across the counter with my breasts hanging out in front of me (as much as my smaller breasts could hang, compared to hers). She asked if she should put my clothes away until I left, but I told her that I would dress again, because getting undressed is the most exciting part. As I dressed, she told me that I really should consider stripping, and that there is a place right across the street that is safe and very nice, and that she could introduce me to the owner. I told her again that I really wasn't interested in that, and I couldn't say why other than it would take away the taboo aspect. She understood, but said I should at least go over because I could stand around naked with the other girls as much as I wanted. I told her I might.

Anyway, after I dressed I went into the other theater. It was much larger, and I sat at the end of the middle row like I usually did, as it had the wide aisle so I could slide down in my seat. And even though I had done this over a dozen times by now, I was still nervous. It was an odd feeling, because there was no one in the theater at all. Most of the excitement comes from undressing while the men watched, but since I was in a new place and didn't know what to expect, I found it exciting to at least remove my panties and bra and stick them in my bag. Andrea had told me that people usually came in around one in the afternoon, and I just sat there watching the movie and waited. Then, I heard a little bell sound, which I soon learned meant someone was entering the stairway from above. I heard some small talk that I couldn't understand, and soon saw the door open, only to see a couple walk in! This was a first for me. They were probably in their early 30's, well dressed, and she wore a knee length dress. They seemed to ignore me, but also sat down in the middle row, about six seats away. They sat there, quietly whispering, while she rubbed her hands over his lap, obviously causing him to become excited. Then, he spoke to me, jumping me a little bit, and told me that Andrea had said I was inside and that I was welcome to join them. I said thank you, but that I only played from a distance. He told his wife, and she smiled at me and said something to him. He explained that she knew English but was shy about speaking it (but not shy coming in there and doing that? I realized we were very alike) and said she would at least want me to come closer. I told them that I might in a few minutes.

Anyway, they became more animated, and my eyes were glued to them, which is the opposite of how I usually acted. I was on the other side of the coin for once, and now I knew how the men in the other theater felt. It was so exciting and I know I was very wet. Then, she said something again, stood up, and pulled her dress over her head. I was stunned- she had on garters, no panties, and a half bra that exposed her nipples. My bra and panties were so tame compared to what she was wearing (I was so glad I had already removed mine), and I could see why she didn't need to undress completely to be sexy. It's funny, I have no attraction to women, and I had seen dozens of lesbian scenes in the movies during the past few weeks and had just seen Andrea an hour before, but seeing her in person with a man only ten feet away was so exciting. By then, he had slid his pants down and opened his shirt, and his cock was standing out straight for all to see. She knelt down in front of him, running her hands on his thighs. Then, she put her hands on his knees, opened her mouth, and slowing lowered her head down over his cock. Once she had engulfed him, she closed her lips and slowly came back up. She repeated this, not using her hands at all, keeping them on his knees (I used this information to great effect later when I was married). Also, I was mesmerized by her body. Her breasts weren't large, but the way her bra pushed them forward as they hung down was so amazing, and the lace of her garter accentuated the curves of her back as she rose up and down. After a few minutes, she stood up, turned her back to him, and lowered her body as he entered her. She turned towards me and said something, and he explained that she wanted me to come closer. I stood, and once again the roles were reversed. I leaned against the back of the seats in front of them, just out of their reach. She evidently became less reserved, and said, "Please, put your hands on me." I just slowly shook my head. She was a little exasperated and said something to her husband, and he said "She said you are making her crazy. Can she touch you? She just wants to run her hands across your stomach and hold your waist. OK?"

I said I was really sorry, but I am just excited watching them, but I would undress too. I pulled my dress over my head in one swoop just like she did and tossed it a few rows away, and slowly ran my hands over my body, stopping to cup my breasts in a way that simulated her half bra pushing up on her nipples. By then she was moving up and down much faster, and she said, "Touch yourself, please." I couldn't resist, and parted my legs and dropped one hand down below while the other remained at my breast, and I started rubbing myself. This went on for a few minutes, and then I looked up at the back of the theater where the projector was, and I could see Andrea looking out of a small window where I guess the projector operator worked. I was beside myself, knowing that I had never seen another woman all summer, but now I had two women watching me stand in full view of them while my hand raced over myself, and just the thought brought me to a shuddering orgasm. It seemed to go on and on, and the woman right in front of me followed right behind me.

They then both stood up, and she turned around and got on her knees and started stroking him madly. Soon he was having his own orgasm, and he came all over her breasts, and it was so exciting seeing his cum run down and puddle around one of her nipples. All of us were out of breath, and he smiled, saying, "I wish you would change your mind." I knew it would be fun, but it would also change things, so I politely declined. But I did ask them where they bought clothes like she wore, and if they were expensive. She smiled and said, "Any clothes store will sell them. Ask Andrea for my number as I will shop with you." She said it in a very nice way, and I knew she was sincere.

After they left, I stayed in the theater, still undressed and sitting in my original seat. It was probably because of the distraction of the conversation I had with the couple, but this was the first time I stayed long enough for the guilt to go away and not rush off. I was excited again, but in a different way. I leaned back, kneading my breasts, just passing the time, watching a movie dialog that made no sense to me. Andrea came in, saying that the theater would soon get more crowded, in case I wanted to dress. Instead, I asked her to take my clothes and put them somewhere for me, and I would just stay like this for a while. Also, I told her not to tell people I was in there, because I wanted them to be surprised. Soon I was alone again, and within minutes I heard the bell sound. The door opened, and another businessman stepped in, sliding into a seat in the back row. He hadn't noticed me at first due to the darkness and the fact that I was slumped down, but he quickly took notice. And, it didn't take long before his pants opened and he started stroking himself. He then stood and started walking over, and I did my usual thing where I just held up my hand and said he could only watch. By then, the bell dinged a couple more times, and within ten minutes I had three men standing near me, stroking and asking me questions in their broken English. I also realized that next time I would bring a towel or something so I could lay down like I did for Andrea, because it allowed me to expose myself to the fullest, plus when I laid back like that, my average breasts didn't appear so small. Anyway, soon the first man asked if he could cum on me, but again I could see that I had to train a new batch of men (just kidding), and said no, I would just watch him. It was very funny later on in a year or so when I had sex for the first time- I told my boyfriend that I had never touched a cock before, but I didn't tell him I had seen probably a hundred cocks cum within a few feet of me. Some secrets are best kept inside.

By the middle of the afternoon, after my next orgasm, I dressed in the lobby in front of Andrea and another customer, and told her I would be back tomorrow. I also stopped at Renate's store and thanked her, and told her I would like her to take me there again. I could of course go alone, but I had another reason that I wanted her to take me there.


Showing Myself Ch. 03

Exploring another place.

Thank you for the comments. Some people gave suggestions for the story, but you have to remember I am just writing what happened, not a piece of fiction. If I'm not sexy enough, then look elsewhere. :) Also, some people asked how I am now and what I do to satisfy my cravings. As I mentioned, I am just a regular person, but I still need to satisfy myself several times a day. I do this alone or have my husband take care of me, and I take care of him whenever he asks. Sometimes if we are not having real sex, I perform oral on him, or just stroke him while we watch tv, or ask him to masturbate for me. Or sometimes I'll just lean against the countertop in the kitchen while he is having coffee in the morning, and masturbate casually while talking. Sometimes he films me or us (he has dozens of movies), but I think I like it more than he does. :) He knows how I am and doesn't complain.

Anyway, as the summer wound down, I would alternate between Renate's store and Andrea's theater. Not only did I enjoy the erotic play, but I truly liked them both. And, I know Andrea liked me more than a friend, and even though I would not get physical with her, I didn't mind when we would greet with a warm hug and she would maybe pull me a little closer or let her hands linger a little longer than two girlfriends normally would. Having had kind of a sheltered, innocent life before, she was the first lesbian I had ever known, and it sometimes made me tingly to know she was looking at me sexually when I approached. It's different from the way men look at me, but I can't explain it. And the nicest thing about Andrea and Renate is that they fully understood and indulged me, and above all protected me. Although people are more easy going in Europe, I have no doubts at all that they would know how to deal with anyone who threatened or bothered me. I can't describe the feeling of knowing I could do what I did without worrying about a thing.

I went to each place for different reasons. At Renate's, I would go just for the pure lust of men watching me while I teased them. Often I would just masturbate while watching the screen as though I was the only one in the theater, knowing they were staring. Other times, I encouraged them to stand as a group and focus on me as I watched them orgasm. I knew I had the power, and I really enjoyed it. If you only knew how many orgasms I had there! I also discovered a way to make myself able to orgasm several times. When I arrived, I would often undress in Renate's shop and go into the theater completely naked while Renate kept my clothes downstairs. That way, after I teased myself to an orgasm, I wouldn't immediately have the nerve to walk down through the lobby again. But by the time I calmed down, I didn't want to leave anymore and would start masturbating again. Sometimes I spent all afternoon like this, with each orgasm being more intense than the previous.

At Andrea's, I went for different excitement. Although in two summers I never saw another woman at Renate's, I saw many at Andrea's. Obviously some were her friends (I would tell you about them, but this story is about me :) ), but many male-female couples came there too. Renate's was more for the business man who was coming in at lunchtime, whereas Andrea's was more of an erotic getaway, as she explained it.

One day, Andrea said she wanted to show me a different place, and that I should wait for her at a little coffee house nearby while she arranged for someone to cover for her. After we met, we walked to another adult place across the street, and although by then I had considered myself an expert at exhibitionism and voyeurism, I didn't expect this. It was a large building that had a large theater on the top floor, a smaller theater on the second, and a stage with booths on the first.

She wanted to show me around, and we first went to the large theater. The lobby was all red velvet and very nice. In the theater, at the front of the screen, there was kind of a stage where a stripper would come out between movies and perform for a few minutes, and there were perhaps one hundred seats. On the second floor, there was another small theater, similar to the small theater Andrea had.

On the first floor, it was something new, at least to me. There was a round room, surrounded by small booths with windows, and inside the room was a rotating platform where nude women would show themselves to the men. The men put money in the slots, and the window would open for a little while. Andrea told me that although she would love to keep me all to herself, she knew I could have fun here. She introduced me to the manager, and they spoke for a while. She then told me that she had explained everything about me to him, and that he should let me indulge myself. She explained that his place is a little different, in that he has girls working there and they might resent a pretty young girl coming in to play for free, but Andrea told him I was very nice and would make sure I wasn't a bother.

The first thing we did was go into the back room where the girls were waiting to take their turn on that rotating platform. They were of different ages, and all were quite attractive. The younger ones spoke English, and I told them I just wanted to see how it worked. She said bluntly, "It's easy. We go in, take our clothes off, spread our legs, and the men masturbate." They took turns all day, spending about five minutes out there each time. Andrea told me I could watch from the little entryway to the stage and see exactly what they meant. She also smiled and said she doubted she could ever get me out of there again after I saw. At first the girls were afraid that I was going to be an additional girl, which would mean they would make less money, but I assured them I had no interest in money.

We went over, and it was exactly how they described it- a girl was on her knees, rubbing her breasts, and there were several windows open with men obviously masturbating as she revolved around. Oh, how I envied her! I asked Andrea if the girls also liked doing this, and she laughed and said for the most part they were very bored. It was just a job for them, whereas I did it for the sexual excitement. An announcement came up on the speaker that I didn't understand, but I soon saw it meant that the girls were switching, and the girl that was on the platform stood and put on her robe as another girl entered. The new girl dropped her robe, laid down, and spread her legs. Immediately windows started opening, since the men were waiting for a new girl. Honestly, I was so wet, and I told Andrea as much. She said she knew me better than I knew myself, which is why she brought me here.

We went back in where the girls were, and she told them something in German, and they kind of nodded and shook their shoulders in agreement. She explained that she had just told them that I was a very wild exhibitionist (gee, thanks Andrea!), and would gladly take the place of any girl that wanted to have a break, and that I wanted no money. She also said she would tell this to the manager to make sure it was ok, and also to tell him to warn me if any Americans came in, although that was unlikely during the day. I told her that I really liked the idea, but that these girls were so beautiful and the men paying money would be disappointed in me. Andrea laughed and said I had no idea how sensual I was. We agreed that I would come back the next day and spend some time with the girls and I could do what felt comfortable.

We then went back to the big theater on the top floor. In the lobby there was a real bar, and Andrea talked to the bartender, and she introduced him to me. By now I knew she had just told him all about me (can you imagine that in a regular setting? "Oh, this is Jennifer, she has a strong exhibitionism fetish and thrives on public masturbation"), and we walked into the theater for a peek. We had timed it right, because the movie was just ending. As usual, the lights came on a little bit, and the men waited. Then, the music came on and a nude dancer strolled in, walking back and forth across the stage. Andrea and I were sitting in the front row, and the dancer noticed us and raised her eyebrows and smiled. Andrea asked me, "Do you see the difference between you and her?", and I immediately knew what she meant. This girl wasn't feeling the lust I did, and it showed. She was just acting, and although I'm sure the men liked looking at her, it was nothing like looking at me. Already I was planning a trip up here if Andrea would come with me. She had to get back to her place, so we left, agreeing that we could come back tomorrow.

The next day, Andrea once again brought over to the new place. The first thing I wanted to do was go back to that theater on the top floor. Because I had never played there before and it was a man running it, I asked Andrea to stay me for a while if she could. She agreed, she had some words with the bartender, and we walked in. I chose to sit in the back row so I could get used to it, and we settled in our seats while the men's eyes followed us through the room. Once my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I saw that there were at least 25 men scattered through the theater. Some were masturbating, but the rest were just there to see the stripper at intermission I think. Again, the people who came here came for a different reason than at Renate's or Andrea's, and the good thing is that everyone would be new and few would recognize me. Just the thought that I would soon be looking at the surprised looks of the men made me so wet. I turned towards Andrea, stood, and pulled my dress over my head, telling her I felt warm. The bra and panties soon followed, and Andrea tucked my things in her bag. By now, three or four men had noticed me, and their eyes latched onto the naked woman whispering to her female friend, probably wondering what was up. Andrea then said something that nearly made me orgasm right there- she said, "I have to go back now. I'll take your clothes with me and come back later, and I'll tell the dancer to expect to see a beautiful woman sitting in the front row waiting for her." Before I could say anything, she stood and walked away, taking my clothes with her, smiling.

So here I was, in a new place I had never been before, completely nude except for my sandals, sitting among a large group of men. I started my routine of sliding down into my seat and spreading my ankles apart so I would be exposed, and let the tips of my fingers start to explore. I stared straight at the screen, occasionally glancing around to see one man after another gradually notice me until nearly all were either staring or regularly looking to see what I was doing. I can only say that this is one of the most exciting times I had had so far, and I knew that I wanted one strong orgasm right away. I put my feet up on the seats in front of me, and let my hand slide briskly through my wetness. This time I wasn't interested in teasing myself, and I think it was because Andrea had taken my clothing and I had no place to go anyway. If I still wasn't so unsure about this place, I would have gone down to the front and displayed myself to everyone, but instead I stayed where I was, with one hand flailing wildly and the other pinching one of my nipples. Finally I felt it coming on, and my body shuddered over and over. I had had fantastic orgasms before, but that was one of the best.

I put my feet back down, and I could see that many more men now were masturbating, not even trying to hide it. One came over to sit near me, but just like the other places, all I had to do was wave him off. I leaned back and just ran my hands over my body a little bit, and kind of wished Andrea hadn't left. But shortly the urge set in again, and I stood, and strolled down to the front, with eyes all over me. I found a seat right in the middle of the front row, and just sat there twirling the brown hair between my legs. Another man came towards me and I told him in English that he can only watch me. He spoke perfect English and said ok, but asked if it would be ok if he sat a few seats away and pleasured himself. I told him I love it when men do that, and he can tell the others what the limits are if he wants. Soon I was surrounded by about a dozen men that were sitting on either side of me and behind me, most of them masturbating, until the credits came on for the movie which signaled that the dancer would be coming out soon. The men quickly zipped up, as though they were afraid of being caught, but I had no idea who would even care what happened in there.

As the lights came on and the music started, the dancer strolled in. She saw me surrounded by all of those men, and said, "Ahh, you are the girl I was told about. It looks like you have made some friends", and laughed. I told her, "Yes, it seems they like me. Do you mind that I sit here like this?" She replied that she didn't mind at all, and it's a nice change. She started moving her hips and rubbing her body just like I always did, but she didn't masturbate. I suppose that would be against the rules, plus this was her job. But that didn't stop me, as I was excited watching another woman show off without the men being allowed to touch. I let my finger slide gently through my wet lips, and then brought them to my other lips to taste myself. I asked if it would be ok if the men satisfied themselves too, and she said something in German which caused at least ten of them to stand and pull their cocks out. It was just so amazing and funny how much power two young women could have! I told her to tell them they weren't allowed to orgasm yet, because I had some things I wanted to do first. She explained it to them, and they all smiled and nodded.

The music ended, and the woman came over and told me to have fun, and left. After a few minutes, the movie started again, and true to my word, I wanted to give the men something to see. Honestly, I had never been so aggressive before, but this time it felt right. I stood, turned my back to the screen, and sat down on the walkway that the dancer used. It was about three feet high, giving everyone a good view. Raising my knees, I laid back, continuing to masturbate. I told the one that spoke English to tell everyone that they could come closer as long as they didn't touch or cum on me. Soon, there was a group huddled around me, most of them with their hands sliding back and forth over their cocks. True to their word, they behaved and orgasmed one by one. By this time, although I had seen so many cocks and so many orgasms over the last couple of months, I was still amazed at how they were all so different. Some cocks were small but produced a lot of cum, and some were very large and produced just a little. But they all seemed happy when they were done.

By now I had been there over two hours, and I looked up to see Andrea walking in. She said, "Well, I see you have made yourself comfortable", and sat down in the front row too. Immediately the men started asking her questions, and she then told me they were asking if she and I were going to play together, but she told them as much as she wishes that would happen, I just like to play by myself. I devilishly told her she could show herself too, but she said she had no interest in men looking at her. I told her I was ready to leave anytime, since I wanted to relax at her theater for a while. I just pulled by dress over my head without the bra and panties, and we left together, waving to the smiling bartender in the lobby. It was only a short walk across the street, but it still felt exciting to be walking out in public with just a thin layer of cotton between me and the eyes of the men glancing at us.

In fact, it made me so excited that I pulled the dress off the moment I walked through the door to Andrea's lobby, not even caring anymore. Of course, it never occurred to me that she couldn't just leave her theater alone, and a friend of hers I had never met before was standing at the counter watching over things as we strolled in. It's kind of funny though, after so many times masturbating in full view of crowds of people, being naked in a more normal setting where I was to be introduced to a new friend was more embarrassing. But Anja, Andrea's friend, said she was pleased to meet me and said I wasn't half as strange as a lot of people who came in. In a way, I was glad to hear that because I didn't really think I was kinky, although I can imagine some people would think so. It turned out that she had studied in England and spoke perfect English, and was also a lesbian like Andrea, but they were never lovers.

Anja and I took seats in the little lobby, and we talked about where I had traveled, what I liked to do in my spare time, and other normal things. Of course, I was still nude, but by then it was so natural for me and I appeared fully at ease, but on the inside I was still so excited knowing that she was glancing at my curves and soft skin. I asked her about what kind of kinky things she has seen, and she laughed and said it wouldn't interest me at all and anything I would enjoy would happen in good time. She then asked if I ever was in a threesome, and I told her the closest I had come was in the theater with that couple a few weeks ago, and that I actually had never even been touched by any person, ever.

She then told me to come back on Friday, and I would be able to see someone really kinky. I told her I never come at night, but she said it would happen in the early afternoon. She wouldn't tell me what to expect, but did say she wouldn't be surprised if I was excited by it. I said I would be there, but then something else occurred to me- I turned to Andrea and said, "You know that couple I met here? She said I could call her and she would help me buy some new clothes, something sexy like she had. I feel so boring, and would like to wear something new on Friday. She said you have her number?" She laughed and replied, "Oh, and once you call, what will you say to her? Monika doesn't speak English very well, you know." So, I had Andrea call her then and there, and I arranged to meet Monika in two days, on a Thursday.

By then I was deciding what to do with the rest of the day. Although I had already masturbated several times, the visit across the street really had me worked up. You probably know by now that I had (and have) a ferocious sexual appetite, and it was normal for me to masturbate when I awoke, showered, went to bed, or just went to my room to read. You would think I would be the type of girl that also was very promiscuous, but as I said, I was still a virgin at the time. But no one could masturbate better than me. :)

So, I asked Andrea if anyone was in the theater. She looked through the viewing hole where the projector was, and said there was one younger man, about 20 years old, sitting in the middle. I asked if he was stroking himself, and she said she thought so. I didn't want to shock him, so I slipped my dress on again, and walked in the theater, pretending that it was too dark to see anyone.

I strolled down to the same row he was in and sat three seats away, not looking at him. His hands were very still, folded across his lap, obviously hiding his open pants. I could see him glance over to me from the corner of my eye, and I reached up and unbuttoned the top button of my dress and slid my hand in to fondle my breast. I then looked toward him and acted shocked, saying "Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't see you! Wait, do you speak English?" He was nervous, but nodded his head, saying, "Yes, a little".

I told him he could sit beside me if he didn't touch me, and he slid over. His pants were open, but he was no longer hard, but that would change. I told him that I just came there to visit my friend in the lobby, and that I came in the theater sometimes just to relax. He said he did the same, so I asked him if he ever masturbates there. He nodded, and I told him I did too, and asked if he would mind if I did it right now.



I don't think he could believe his luck, and he of course nodded that I could. I stood and pulled my dress off once again, leaving myself completely naked, and told him I would place my clothes down at the front out of the way. I walked down the aisle and back again, and sat next to him. I placed my hands under my breasts, pushing them up, squeezing my nipples. I told him that if I was nude, then he had to undress also. He seemed very hesitant, so I told him that I would ask my friend if it was ok, but he said, "No, don't tell her, I'll do it". He peeled off his clothes, and placed them next to his chair. By then I was really in the mood to tease, so I said, "No, take them down front where mine are. If someone comes in, I don't want to have you getting dressed while I'm naked here all alone".

He did as he was told, and then came back and sat next to me. I told him again that he couldn't touch me, and he was ok with that. I told him to take his cock in his hand and make it hard, and he started stroking it. I spread my legs apart and started feeling myself, and I could see his cock growing harder and larger. I asked him if he minded if I told him what to do, and he shook his head, saying he didn't mind. I said, "Ok, then you will stop stroking when I tell you to. I want you to enjoy this as long as I do".

I don't think he quite understood, but after a couple of minutes I told him to stop, and to take his hand off himself. I slid further down in the seat, lifting my lower half off the seat slightly as my fingers slid back and forth through my wetness. I then told him to start again, but that he couldn't cum until I told him he could. After a couple of minutes more, I told him to stop again. This time he moaned, clutching the arms of the seat. I brought my wet fingers to my lips as he watched, and his hard cock pulsed up and down waiting for more attention.

I then told him to stand in front of me, and to start stroking while watching me, and if he did exactly as I said, maybe I would let him give me instructions too. He stood and started stroking, but much too fast. I didn't want him to cum yet, so I said, "No, much slower. Bring your hand way back, stop, and then way forward again. Very slowly. I'll do the same." I let my fingers slid back and forth over myself, also slowly. I seemed in control on the outside, but I was beside myself in lust on the inside.

So, I asked him, "Is there anything that you want me to do? Remember, I won't touch you and you won't touch me." He asked if he could kneel down and look closer, and I nodded. He knelt down, and then asked me to rest my legs on the arms of the seats to expose myself even more. I did as he told, and he then asked me to slide my fingers deep inside. I usually don't do that, preferring to stimulate myself on the outside, but he had been so good that I wanted to please him. So I pushed two fingers inside, moving them in and out, asking him if he wished that was him sliding in and out.

I heard talking in the lobby, and I told him "Someone will be coming in, but pretend we are still alone. Andrea knows me well and doesn't care. Whoever comes in may want to watch, and that's ok, but ignore them. If you do this, then we can meet here again sometime." What could he do but just nod in agreement?

We continued as we were doing, and the door creaked open, letting some light from the lobby seep in. He stayed on his knees, slowly moving his hand back and forth, watching my hand pleasure myself. Neither of us looked at the visitor, but we heard him pull a seat down some rows behind us, trying not to make a sound.

I told my new friend to sit beside me again and slide down in the seat like me. Again, I cautioned him to stroke only very slowly, and to make his cock stand straight and hard for me. I asked him all kinds of questions, like if he masturbates often, where and when, if he has ever met anyone like me, if he is having fun, and things like that. I was also making him start and stop, as it made me excited to see his cock standing straight up, pulsing back and forth while begging for release.

I knew we both wanted to cum soon, so I asked him if he usually produced a lot of semen. He said that sometimes he did, and I told him that I was sure he would produce a lot this time. I also said I'm sure he would love to stand in front of me and cum on me, but not this time. Instead, I told him I wanted to see it spray on his bare chest, and I would masturbate and cum at the same time. And, he was now allowed to stroke any way he wanted to make himself cum.

He started stroking harder, and I told him to tell me when he was close. He nodded, and within ten seconds he said "Now!", and his hand stopped. His cum erupted over and over, even hitting himself on his cheek, his cock pulsing each time. My hand started flailing away as well, and within seconds my nipples grew hard and I was shuddering in an explosive orgasm for about the fourth time that day!

As we calmed down, he seemed a little unsure about what just happened. I told him if I was his girlfriend, I would be licking his cheek right now, but that he would have to take care of it himself this time. He stood, with his cum running in little streams down his chest and belly, and I told him to follow me. Not saying a word, he followed me to the door, but hesitated when he saw that I was going to walk into the lobby. I grabbed his hand and pulled him and said, "Come on. It's ok." I saw Andrea and told her that he did a very good job but needed to clean up. She said something to him and he walked to the men's room, and then she told me that she had just told him that he was one of the very lucky ones.

I smiled and went back into the theater, pulling my dress back on. By the time he came from the restroom, I was leaving the theater and I told him that we would surely meet again, and thank you. I took my bra and panties from Andrea and put them in my bag, excited to be riding the tram home in such a state.

I will close this for now, and if you like, I'll continue it with the final part.


