The Compromise
By Kathy B.
(kathybxx@hotmail.com)


Part Two

I think I'm basically a good-natured person. I can usually find a way 
to have some fun, no matter how lousy the situation is that I find 
myself in. That weekend, though, was one of the lousiest ones of my 
life. I wanted to be out and about, having fun with my friends. 
Instead, I found myself trapped in my own home, unable to leave. When 
the phone rang about 7:30 Monday morning, it was almost a relief to 
hear from the outside world.

"Hello?"

"Kelly? It's Phil Haggerty. How was your weekend?"

"Hi, Mr. Haggerty! My weekend kinda stunk," I replied. "My parents 
went away for their anniversary so my little sister stayed with me 
for a few days. We had a good time and all, but I'm sick of being 
cooped up with her. Can you believe I'm actually looking forward to 
going to work this morning!"

He laughed. "A partier like you, eager to come in the door on a 
Monday morning? I wish I was there to see it. Listen, the vendors are 
still having a lot of trouble with the new design so I'm going to be 
staying down here another week. In fact, I'll be out at one of the 
plants all day or I wouldn't have bothered you at home. I need a few 
things."

"It's no bother, Mr. Haggerty. I don't mind you calling me at home. 
What do you need?"

"I need the new valve design, but it's on my drafting table at home. 
Mr. Franklin will kill me if I don't get it out to him by tomorrow. 
Would you mind stopping by to pick it up?"

I hesitated. My day was about to take a turn for the worse. "Uh, 
OK... Does Mrs. Haggerty know I'm coming?"

I heard him sigh. "Don't worry, Kelly. I know how you and Rhonda get 
along."

"I'm sorry, Mr. Haggerty. I just don't want to cause any problems. It 
might be better if I have one of the guys go pick the plans up."

"No, I want you to go," he replied. "I want you to make sure 
everything is there and then mail them right out. I need somebody I 
can count on."

I smiled proudly. "You can always count on me."

"I know, Kelly. We make a good team. Listen, why don't you wait until 
lunchtime, then drive over and pick up the plans. That way Rhonda 
will be at work and what she doesn't know won't hurt her."

I giggled. "It works for me."

"Great. I really appreciate it. Take a late lunch. By the time you 
drive out, check everything over and get the plans in the mail, you 
can call it a day."

"Thanks, Mr. Haggerty. You're my favorite boss!"

He laughed at the other end. "Other than that fat guy at Weenie 
World, I'm the only boss you've ever had. How can I help but be your 
favorite?"

"You'd be my favorite, no matter what."

"That's nice of you, Kelly. I'll tell you what. Why don't you take 
your swimsuit with you and take a dip while you're there? I doubt 
Rhonda's been using the pool and it will be good to stir up the 
water. Just clear out before she gets home."

"Wow," I gushed. "Thanks! I could use a little sun. Is your pool 
fenced in?"

"Yes, why?"

"I might not take a suit," I answered wickedly.

He groaned. "I'm supposed to go talk to a bunch of bald, sweaty 
machinists with that image in my head? Do me a favor. Wear a suit. If 
Rhonda should come home early, I don't want to have to explain to her 
what you're doing there naked. Clothed would be bad enough."

"Aw, Mr. Haggerty. You need to take some chances."

"I do, Kelly. Living with Rhonda and working with you. I surely do. 
Thanks again for doing this, and enjoy your afternoon."

Knowing I only had to work half a day made the morning go quickly. 
Ricky called about ten. We'd been dating occasionally for the last 
four months.

"Hi, Kelly. How's my favorite girl?"

"Horny," I whispered into the phone. "Even the pimply kid from 
Security is starting to look sexy to me."

"Aw, sounds like you need a little TLC."

"No way, I'm too far gone for that," I replied. "What I need is some 
RHF."

"RHF?" he asked.

"Rough Hard Fucking," I giggled. Looking to make sure nobody was 
nearby, I lowered my voice. "With maybe a side treatment of licking 
and sucking just for good measure."

"Nice going," he complained. "Now you got me all horny. How am I 
supposed to work with this big lump in my pants? Women are going to 
take one look at me and run for safety. Men are going to think I'm 
queer and beat the crap out of me. How could you do this to me?"

"Good," I replied. "If I have to walk around all horny, you should 
too. Can you make it until two?"

"I guess so, why?"

"My boss asked me to stop and get some things for him at his house. 
It's not that far from the store. You could meet me there on your 
lunch break... "

"Yum," he replied. "If you're serving, I'm buying. Count me in."

I gave him directions to the house and returned to work.

As luck would have it, things got busy just before I wanted to leave 
and I wound up getting to the house just a few minutes before two. 
Mr. Haggerty had told me where to find the key to the back door, so I 
got it and slipped in. Finding myself in a large laundry room, I 
quickly stripped out of my clothes and slipped into my bikini. By the 
time Ricky arrived, I was in the pool, lazily swimming laps.

"Come on in," I said, treading water. "The water is great."

"Sorry," he shrugged. "No suit."

"So what?" I replied. "Live a little."

"What happens when somebody sees me?"

"Don't worry, the house is empty. Nobody is going to see you," I 
assured him. "Except me, of course. But that's kind of the point, 
isn't it?"

He looked at me skeptically. "You're sure nobody is home?"

"I checked it," I lied. "Now hurry up and get naked."

He sighed. "This probably isn't even your boss' house. I'm going to 
take off all my clothes and then I'm going to get arrested for 
trespassing. There I'll be, on tonight's newscast, handcuffed and 
trying to cover my nuts with yesterday's newspaper." But as he said 
it, he was pulling off his clothes.

I admired his physique as he stripped. "A yummy body like that 
shouldn't be covered with a newspaper."

"You're just saying that because you need your horns clipped," Ricky 
laughed.

"Boy, do I ever," I agreed. "I think I've already raised the 
temperature in the pool a couple of degrees."

Naked, Ricky padded to the diving board. His soft, meaty penis swung 
gently as he bounced twice on the board. With a powerful spring he 
arced out over the water, his buttocks clenched as he smoothly 
entered the pool.

"9.2, I think," I told him as he surfaced, ten yards away.

"No way; that dive was perfect," he complained.

"Sorry, the judge stands by her decision," I replied. "That big dick 
of yours didn't make a clean entry."

Ricky laughed. "Hell, that's the judge's fault. She teased me. And 
how come I'm the only one naked? Get rid of that suit."

"Come and get it," I teased him. We played a spirited game of tag for 
about ten minutes before I eventually let him catch me and he 
triumphantly stripped away my bikini.

"That's more like it," he smiled as he cupped my breasts. He released 
them to pull me close for a lingering kiss, then slid his hands down 
to cup my ass.

I moaned as my nipples pressed against Ricky's muscular chest. The 
combination of his warm skin and the cool water had them stiff and 
throbbing. Sensing my passion, he dipped his head and started 
tonguing my nipples. Not sucking on them, just lapping gently at them 
as my breasts bobbed on the surface of the pool.

I felt his cock hardening against my stomach. Reaching down, I 
tickled the head, then started slowly stroking the shaft.

"Mmm, that's nice, baby," he groaned. "Oh, shit, that feels good." 
Then, as I lightly scratched his balls, "Fuck, Kelly! Be careful or 
I'll explode right here in the water."

"Oh, no you don't," I warned him. "Don't you dare cum until you've 
fucked me raw."

Taking a breath, I sank under the surface. I opened my eyes to see 
his erect cock bobbing gently in front of me. I kissed it once, then 
opened my mouth and slid several inches inside. My tongue stroked the 
underside of Ricky's prick as my lips started their slow retreat, 
Pressing forward, I drove his prick deep into my throat and hummed as 
loudly as I could. I was rewarded with a violent twitch in Ricky's 
leg and several frantic thrusts from his hips. I was able to do this 
several times before I had to surface for air.

"Holy shit, Kelly. That was fantastic! Where'd you ever learn to do 
that?" Ricky gasped. "No, wait. I think I'd rather not know." He 
grinned. "I'd rather think of you as a nice, innocent girl."

I leaned back against the edge of the pool, resting on my shoulders. 
Letting my bottom float to the surface, I spread my legs and hooked 
my heels behind his ass. I pulled him in until I could feel his hips 
grind against my crotch, his prick grinding against my clit as it 
slid stiffly up over my abdomen.

"How about turning this nice innocent girl into a nasty, slutty 
woman?" I inquired. "It's easy. Just insert this... " I gripped his 
cock with one hand as he cupped my bottom. "... into here," I 
finished as I relaxed my legs and slid the head of his prick down 
until I could rub it against my already-moist pussy.

Ricky pressed forward and his cock easily parted my engorged lips, 
sliding several inches into my cunt. Pulling back slightly, he drove 
his entire cock into me on the next stroke. I moaned as I felt myself 
adjust to his presence. I slipped my free hand down between our 
bodies and started stroking my clit as he withdrew.

Nobody would ever accuse Ricky of being a rocket scientist but one 
thing he knew how to do was fuck. He knew how to hit a girl in all 
the right spots. Alternating hard, pounding thrusts with slow, gentle 
probes, Ricky soon had me rising toward the orgasm I so desperately 
needed. Suddenly, just as I felt myself getting close, his cock 
slipped out of my pussy. Frustrated, I opened my eyes to see my lover 
frowning at me.

"Aw, Kelly. You must think I'm a real louse. Here you sucked my dick 
so nicely and I didn't even return the favor," He said. "Let's move 
over under that umbrella and I'll give you a little mouth action, 
ok?"

"Are you serious?" I practically screamed. "It's way too late for 
that. You can do that later. Right now I need a hard cock in my 
pussy, not your stupid tongue! Now put that thing back where it 
belongs!"

"Take it easy, baby," he said, his eyes twinkling. "I was just 
funnin' with you. I know what you need." He guided his cock back into 
my welcoming slot. "Jeez, a couple of days without sex and you get 
all gnarly."

Miffed, I let my head loll back against the deck even as my legs 
gripped him tightly. "Shut up and fuck me," I said, concentrating on 
my long overdue orgasm.

And fuck me he did. Driving relentlessly into me, he kneaded my ass 
with his hands and bent his head to suck my distended nipples. I 
arched my back to raise my breasts to his lips, closing my eyes as I 
felt my orgasm approach once again.

Suddenly I heard him give a quiet shriek and felt his body stiffen. 
"No, not yet," I warned him. "Wait for me. I'm almost there!"

It wasn't until he pushed me off his cock that I realized something 
was wrong. I opened my eyes to see Ricky staring back at me, white-
faced.

"There's somebody in the house," he whispered loudly. "I saw a face 
in the window."

"Are you sure?" I asked, reaching for him. "It was probably just your 
imagination. My boss is out of town and he promised me his wife would 
be at work all day. Come on back, baby. I was so close to cumming and 
I need it soo bad... "

"I know what I saw," he said, his cock wilting before my eyes. "I saw 
somebody up on the second floor. You said the house was empty. Did 
you even check it?"

"I listened from the laundry room door," I muttered defensively.

"Oh, fuck," he groaned. "I'm dead, I'm so fucking dead." He scrambled 
out of the pool and quickly pulled on his clothes.

I sighed and reached for the pieces of my suit floating several feet 
away. "Oh, all right," I grumbled. "Wait for me and we can go check 
together."

"No way," he said emphatically. "I'm not adding burglary to 
trespassing. I'm outta here."

"Oh, no you're not," I told him as I climbed out of the pool. "You're 
going in there with me to check things out."

"You're on your own. If you're smart, you'll get the hell out of here 
too," he replied, heading for the side of the house. "I'll call you 
later."

"Don't bother, you pathetic loser!" I shouted after his retreating 
back.

As distracted as I was by the ache of my sexual frustration, I knew 
Ricky was wrong to suggest I leave. I had to check the house out. 
After all, I'd left the door unlocked while I was in the pool. A 
burglar could have walked right past us while we were fucking and 
neither one of us would have noticed."

I went back in the laundry room door, tiptoeing across to the 
interior door. I cracked it and stood quietly for several minutes, 
listening for sounds. Hearing nothing, I opened the door and slipped 
down the hall.

The kitchen looked like a tornado had hit. Cupboards were standing 
open and broken boxes of food, mostly cereal, were scattered across 
the floor. My heart started thumping in my chest as I realized that I 
was probably interrupting a burglary.

I spotted a telephone, high on a wall across the room. After pausing 
at the door into the dining room, I hurried to it and dialed 911. It 
took several minutes to report the burglary. The dispatcher told me 
it would take a little while to get a patrol car out there and 
advised me to wait outside, just to be safe.

I started to heed her advice but as I was creeping back down the hall 
to the laundry room, I thought I heard a woman's voice call faintly. 
I froze and cocked my head to hear better.

Several seconds went by, then I clearly heard, "Hello? Kelly, is that 
you?"

Shit! Instead of a burglar spying on me, I'd been caught by my boss' 
wife, screwing in her own back yard! I wondered how long I'd last 
after Mr. Haggerty returned. Probably no more than a few minutes, I 
thought glumly as I cleared my voice to reply.

"Yes, Mrs. Haggerty. It's Kelly."

"I'm so glad you stopped by. would you mind coming upstairs for a few 
minutes?" she called. I was surprised at the sweet tone in her voice. 
Mrs. Haggerty hated me and usually went to great lengths to show it. 
Probably going to save this for an audience, I thought glumly as I 
started up the stairs.

The bedroom door was open so I knocked lightly, then stepped in. I 
was surprised to see her in bed, a heavy comforter pulled up to her 
chin despite the warmth in the room. She looked like she was under 
the weather. Her makeup was smeared, her face looked tired and her 
hair, normally perfectly coiffed, was a tangled, unruly mess. Her 
eyes were alert, though, and I could feel the intensity of her stare 
as I moved into the room.

"Hello, Mrs. Haggerty." I opened. Time to be diplomatic. "It's nice 
to see you."

"It's nice to see you too, Kelly," she replied coolly. She glanced 
meaningfully down my body, then looked back into my eyes. "In that 
outfit there's quite a bit of you to see. Not quite as much as you 
were flaunting outside a few minutes ago, of course."

I blushed. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Haggerty. Honest. Mr. Haggerty called me 
this morning and asked me to pick up some papers. He said I could use 
the pool. He told me you would be at work."

"Normally I would have been," she replied. "But today I, uh... , 
didn't feel well so I stayed home sick. It's a good thing I did, too. 
I can't believe what you were doing right out there in plain sight. 
Have you no shame? Did you even know that man or was he just some 
stranger you picked up off the street?"

"Yes, I know him," I flared. "I just haven't seen him for a while and 
I was... I missed him. I thought we were alone. Who knew you were 
hiding up here, spying on my sex life?"

"Spying?" she snapped. "This is my house, young lady. I have every 
right to be here and I have every right to look into my own back 
yard, any time I want. I'm not the one who was out there acting like 
a slut!" She paused to calm herself down, then fixed me with a cold 
stare. "What do you think Mr. Haggerty will say when he finds out 
about this?"

"Please don't tell him, Mrs. Haggerty," I begged. "I love my job. I 
need my job. This was an accident. Please."

"I couldn't hide something like that from Phil," she replied. "I 
think he deserves to know what his secretary was doing while he was 
gone. He trusts you, but I wonder how much he'll trust you when he 
hears you were putting on a show for the whole neighborhood instead 
of doing what he asked you to do. On company time, no less. How do 
you think he'll feel about that?"

"He probably won't be very happy," I admitted. "But I'm sure he'd 
forgive me if I promised not to do it again," I added, desperate to 
keep my job. "Maybe if I promised you the same thing, you could 
forgive me and not tell him." I looked at her hopefully.

"Not tell him?" she smirked. "This is too good to waste. Phil 
deserves to hear this. As do the rest of the people you work with. 
Don't you think?"

"Please, Mrs. Haggerty. Don't humiliate me like that."

"I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do. I have to tell my husband," she 
replied. "Unless... "

"Yes?" I said, not daring to get my hopes up. "Unless what?"

"Maybe we could make some sort of compromise," she said.

"Oh, I'm sure we can!" I leapt at the chance to save my job, and my 
reputation. "Just give me a chance to make it up to you."

She smiled. "I'm glad you agree. I think it's time you started 
dressing a little more conservatively at work. What do you think?"

I hung my head. I loved my clothes and the way they made me feel but 
I knew I had very little choice. "Yes, Mrs. Haggerty. I can do that."

"Excellent. Also, I expect you to keep your relationship with my 
husband strictly professional. No more flirting, understand?" I 
opened my mouth to protest but she cut me off. "I'm not accusing you 
of anything, I just don't want Philip to misinterpret your 
intentions. It... it distracts him."

"Yes, Mrs. Haggerty," I nodded. "I'll be careful."

"Then I think I can keep this to myself," she said. "Thanks for 
stopping over, Kelly." As I turned to go, she stopped me. "Oh Kelly, 
would you mind doing me a favor before you go? I really don't feel 
very well and one of my girlfriends was supposed to drop something 
off for me. I asked her to tape it to the kitchen door. Would you 
mind getting it for me and bringing it up?"

I suddenly remembered the burglarized kitchen. Strangely, when I told 
Mrs. Haggerty about it, she blushed.

"I'm afraid that's my fault," she admitted. "I didn't feel well last 
night and I made a little mess. Don't worry about it. I'll clean it 
up after I get... after I feel better."

"A little mess?" I said. "Food was dumped on the floor. I thought the 
house had been ransacked and I called the police."

"Oh, I don't want the police here," she quickly responded. "You 
better call them back and tell them everything is fine. They don't 
need to come out. Would you please do that and then get me that 
envelope?"

Great, I thought to myself as I headed down the stairs. I had a 
crappy weekend, my nerves are on edge from interrupted sex, I'm 
embarrassed, my job is in jeopardy and now I'm waiting on my boss' 
wife. Can life get any worse than this?

Usually when I think that, something even worse happens just to 
remind me that it can. Not this time. I called to cancel the police 
but the woman said they'd already been dispatched. Good. Mrs. 
Haggerty could get her fat ass out of bed and take care of the cops 
by herself. I was leaving as soon as I got her that stupid envelope.

I found it right where she told me it would be, taped to the door. 
Since it was unsealed, curiosity got the best of me and I peeked 
inside as I started back upstairs. That's when I hit the lottery. 
Grinning, I hurried into the laundry room and buried the envelope 
deep in my purse. I composed myself as I ascended the stairs and was 
stone-faced when I reentered the room.

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Haggerty. There was no envelope."

"Of course there's an envelope," she replied. "Did you look on the 
door between the garage and the kitchen, like I told you to?"

"Yes, ma'am," I said innocently. "I checked the floor to see if it 
fell off and I even looked on the other doors to see if she taped it 
to the wrong one. There isn't an envelope. Maybe your friend hasn't 
stopped by yet."

"Don't be stupid," she snapped. "The envelope has to be there. I put 
it th... I mean, I heard her drive up."

To be honest, I never planned any of the rest. I didn't even know for 
sure what the key was for. From the tone of the note and the way Mrs. 
Haggerty was acting, I thought it was something erotic, probably 
embarrassing. I figured maybe she'd handcuffed herself to the bed or 
was wearing a chastity belt or something stupid like that. I just 
wanted the satisfaction of making her sweat a little bit before I 
'found' the envelope. That's all I would have done, too, if the 
doorbell hadn't rung right then.

"Who the hell can that be?" she asked irritably.

"Probably the police," I answered. "They wouldn't cancel the call. 
They said they have to check the report out once it's called in."

"Oh, dear God!" she shrieked. "You have to get rid of them! Don't let 
them come upstairs!"

I could see panic written across her features. Good. Let her sweat 
for a bit.

"I can't stop them. They are probably going to want to search the 
house."

"Oh, help me," she pleaded. "You have to hide me. I can't let them 
see me like this!" She threw off the covers and rolled out of the bed 
onto the floor.

Never in a million years did I expect to see my boss' frigid wife 
chained on her hands and knees like that. She'd done a great job 
hiding her outfit from me under the covers, even the thick, studded 
dog collar around her neck. Actually, except for her messed up hair 
and dirty face, she looked pretty good. Mrs. Haggerty was really a 
pretty, sexy woman- with a nice, soft body- and that outfit made her 
look hot.

Still, it was pretty funny the way her big boobs were jiggling and 
her ass was shaking as she scrambled over to me on all fours.

"Hide me, please." she begged. "Don't let them see this. Everyone 
will know!"

Thinking fast, I told her to follow me. I hurried down the stairs, 
then turned at the bottom to find myself face to... uh, you-know, 
with Mrs. Haggerty's bare bottom. I hadn't realized that she had no 
panties on until I saw her pussy flexing and clenching as she came 
down the stairs backwards. Her pubic hair was trimmed really short, 
almost shaved, and you could see her inner lips slide up and down 
past each other as her hips swiveled.

She reached the bottom and gave me an apologetic smile. "I've found 
that's the easiest way to go up and down."

This day just kept getting better and better.

She followed me obediently into the laundry room but balked when I 
opened the back door. "What are you doing?" she asked. "I can't go 
out there!"

"It's the only way, Mrs. Haggerty. The police are going to check the 
house. They'll find you if you stay inside."

"What if somebody sees me?"

I pointed to the back of the lot. "Go back there, into the woods a 
little bit. Nobody will see you and I'll come find you after they 
go."

She thought, then nodded as the doorbell rang again. "You're right. 
Give me a minute to hide." I watched her crawl quickly across the 
lawn and into the weeds. Oh for a colony of red ants.

It only took about five minutes to convince the police I'd made a 
mistake and send them on their way. I think I could have done it even 
sooner but I still had my bikini on and the one guy kept staring at 
my tits. I waited a couple of minutes, just to make her sweat, then 
headed out back to retrieve Mrs. Haggerty and tell her I'd found the 
missing envelope.

It occurred to me that it might be nice to have a couple of pictures 
to record her ridiculous predicament. I decided to stall her for a 
bit so I could run home and get my camera.

I found her hiding under a densely branched pine. "Bad news, Mrs. 
Haggerty. The police don't believe me and they're going to bring out 
a dog to track the burglar."

"What do you mean, they don't believe you?" she asked. "Didn't you 
tell them there was no burglary?"

Yes, I did," I replied. "But it's not my house and with you not being 
there... "

"Oh, I'm going to be ruined," she moaned. "The dog will track me 
down. Everyone will know, everyone will see me!"

"I have an idea. They want to ask me a few questions but then I'll be 
free to leave. You crawl to the other side of the woods. I'll meet 
you there before the dog has time to find you. We can go for a ride 
or something and you can tell me the whole story of how this 
happened. I'll give you a ride home later, after the police leave."

She was skeptical. "All the way through the woods? I don't think I 
like that idea. How far is it?"

"I'm not sure," I shrugged. "Probably around a quarter of a mile, 
maybe less. I'm sure it won't be easy but it's better than getting 
caught, isn't it?"

She nodded, then crawled to me and gave my legs a quick hug. "Thank 
you so much for helping me, Kelly. I'll never forget what you've done 
today."

That's for sure, I thought as I reached down and patted her on the 
head. A few choice pictures should insure that you remember today for 
a long time.
