Hina's ENF Stories
by anonenffan

Chapter 4 - Hina's Cruise

A loud horn echoed across the ocean as a large luxury cruise liner slowly turned away from the mainland. It was beautiful summer day, and everyone aboard was ready for a great vacation.

The ship had many attractions throughout its halls: restaurants, swimming pools, and spas, to name a few. And all around the ship was a beautiful view of the deep greenish-blue ocean.

Among the many passengers was a young woman named Hina. The recent weeks had been very busy for her thanks to some luck with her lottery numbers. Between buying a mansion and a luxury car, then moving into said house, Hina felt she was due for a vacation.

She was still settling into her cabin, her bags still packed.

It was, of course, a first class room. There was a luxurious bed, some expensive furniture, one of the cleanest bathrooms Hina had ever seen, and a big TV.

Hina found these luxuries strange: this was the place she wanted to spend the least amount of time awake in when she was on vacation! How then could she enjoy these things? Hina wanted to explore the cruise liner, and the first thing on her mind was the swimming pool.

Hina opened up her luggage bag and started looking for her swimsuit. It was a bright blue two-piece bikini, the same color as her bra and panties.

Hina had also packed a plain one piece swimsuit. She’d bought it on impulse, but she wasn’t quite sure why. It was very modest, compared to the bikini. Hina was tempted to do a little tanning while at the pool, and a one-piece wouldn’t allow for that so well.

Hina returned her attention to the two-piece, then realized something: the bottom was a side-tie! It was really more for show rather than actual swimming.

The brunette tilted her head. She was a little torn. The one piece would be a lot better for swimming, but she couldn’t tan. The bikini would be better for tanning, but she wasn’t sure if she could trust those ties if she wanted a swim.

Hina took a long look at the one-piece and nodded to herself. That was the one.

Within a few minutes, Hina was changed into her swimsuit and had her sandals on. She walked out of her cabin carrying a card key, a bottle of sunblock, and a beach towel.

The ship was very large. Lacking a map, Hina soon became lost down its many long hallways, unable to find the elevator. She knew there were stairs as well, but she didn’t know where they were, either, and that would have meant climbing up two more floors to get to the pool besides. There had to be an elevator somewhere!

Many people were wandering around, all going to one place or another. The bar was always popular, but Hina also saw others in swimsuits. She could only assume they were also interested in swimming.

In her search for the elevator, Hina spotted a serviceman pushing a food cart. Hina smiled, thinking he would know the way.

“Excuse me,” Hina said, approaching. “Which way is to the elevator?”

“Just down that hallway and to the left,” he politely said and pointed. “It’ll be right by the vending machines.”

“Thank you!” Hina said kindly and followed the directions. As he promised, it was a short walk down the carpeted hallway. To Hina’s right were the vending machines. To her left was the elevator!

She smiled and pushed a button to call it. This was going to be a good day. Hina was going to have a good swim and work on her tan.

There was a quiet “ding,” and the elevator door opened. Hina stepped in and pushed the button for the top floor where the pool was. She felt the elevator begin to move upward, and she waited.

As the brunette stood there, she looked around the elevator and noticed the reflective walls. That was when she really took notice of her swimsuit.

It was a one-piece suit. The whole point was to have something secure and modest, and yet it clung tightly to her figure. Hina ran her free hand down one side to check that the suit was secure.

The girl was always a little worried that something could happen to her clothes. She’d recently had a few mishaps that caused her to be more exposed than she was comfortable with, though to be fair, those mishaps were all at least partially her fault.

No, that wasn’t going to happen today. Hina smiled; this suit wasn’t so great for tanning, but it would hold together in the water for sure.

Hina then glanced at her towel and decided to unfold it. She gripped a corner in each hand and held it up in front of her. Using the reflective wall as a mirror, the towel reached from her chin to the top of her thighs. It completely blocked the view of her swimsuit.

And in the reflection, it looked like she wasn’t wearing a swimsuit at all…like she was naked in the elevator with only a soft towel to conceal her. Hina blushed at the thought and refolded her towel. It was only an illusion, but it was a *naughty* illusion. Hina couldn’t bring herself to really do that; not today.

The door dinged, and the elevator opened. Hina smiled and made her way forward onto the deck toward the pool area.

As she stepped out, Hina was greeted with a warm breeze of salty air. The sky was a brilliant bright blue, without a single cloud. Hina felt her skin warmed by the sun as she stepped out.

The pool was a bit busy. Many people were around, mostly adults, which was good. Hina didn’t have anything against kids, but she wanted to relax, and kids would sometimes be at odds with peace and relaxation.

Hina couldn’t help but notice the other women there. Most of them were wearing bikinis. Those that wore one-piece suits were wearing ones more revealing than hers. Hina’s suit was so modest that it seemed silly in that context.

She giggled at the thought. For once, being the most covered was a little embarrassing. She was almost a little tempted to go back and change, but decided that it was too far to her room just to change swimsuits.

Hina walked up to a pool lounge chair and set her things on it. The brunette took the bottle of sunblock, squirted it on her hands, and began rubbing the cool lotion up and down her legs from ankles to thighs.

Hina did not consider how much leg she was showing, how exposed she actually was, even in that modest suit. Normally, Hina didn’t mind showing a little leg when going swimming, but ever since that day she moved into her new house and ended up inadvertently skinny-dipping, the thought of exposed skin always tugged at her mind a little.

Her legs were perfectly smooth. With her sandals kicked off to the side, there wasn’t anything covering them but a thin layer of sunscreen.

Hina moved on to applying the sunblock to her arms and elbows. Protecting her skin from the sun wasn’t a big deal. The sunscreen was just strong enough to prevent a burn yet still let her get a light tan.

That shimmering pool water was calling out to her. Hina smiled, having adequately protected herself, and decided to approach the pool. The brunette dipped her toes in the water. It felt very cool and refreshing. She swirled her foot around a little longer, then decided to get in.

So, Hina climbed down into the water, feeling the liquid envelop her as she slowly slipped in. The cool water washing over her scantily-clad body was invigorating.

Hina took a deep breath and dove underwater. It was a pleasant chill on a warm day, and her agile form was able to glide through the water with ease.

She resurfaced and let out a breath. The swim was very enjoyable, but there was a smidgen of lurking dissatisfaction: the fresh cool feeling didn’t quite reach where her swimsuit touched. The more she thought on it, the more the regret tugged at her until she began to wish she’d worn the bikini instead.

Hina shook her head. What was she thinking?

As she tread water, she felt a kind of tickle on her hip. Hina glanced down and noticed a water jet.

Knowing her luck, if she had taken the bikini, that little jet would have somehow undone the knot, leaving her bottomless. Hina would now be looking for her swimsuit bottom in a panic. She’d made the right decision.

But at least she would feel the cool water between her legs…

Hina shook her head. She didn’t need to lose a bikini bottom for that. If she wanted to know what it felt like, there was an easy way to do it. It was a bit risky, but if she was careful, it wouldn’t be a big deal. After all, everything would be underwater. It wouldn’t be immediately noticeable.

Still, Hina blushed as her hands reached between her legs. She began to pull and tug at the very bottom of the swimsuit. It was the area that covered the lowest parts of the abdomen. Hina glanced around to make sure nobody was looking at her, then slid a few fingers underneath and pulled.

The difference was noticeable. It almost made Hina gasp as the cool water made unhindered contact with her skin. She felt cooled down, and she enjoyed the feeling. Hina pulled and tugged on the material a little more so she could feel that water on more skin.

Suddenly there was a loud splash, surprising the blushing girl. Off to the side, someone had just jumped in the pool. They resurfaced and were laughing.

That scare was a little too much for Hina’s taste. Her hands left that area and let her swimsuit return to its normal position. That was…exciting, to say the least, though Hina didn’t want to do such a lewd act in the pool. It was time for the other thing she wanted to do: tan.

Hina swam towards a pool ladder and climbed out. Another pleasant breeze rolled by, this time over her wet skin. As nice as it felt, Hina could once again feel the difference between what was covered by the swimsuit and what wasn’t. If she could just feel it on all of her skin…

Hina returned towards the lounge chair where she’d left her things. The brunette picked up her towel and began to dry herself off. As she did this, Hina really looked herself over.

Her tan lines would be very noticeable if she tanned in this swimsuit. But it wasn’t a quick walk back to her room. She glanced around the pool area, thinking about what she could do.

Hina couldn’t simply untie her top to tan her back. This suit would have to be more firmly pulled down. But she couldn’t do that; that would be exposing way too much skin. If she were at home with a little more privacy, she might have done it, but privacy wasn’t available on a crowded cruise ship’s top deck.

Or was it?

Hina glanced towards one part of the pool area that had a small hut. It was a small distance from the pool, near the stern of the ship. The door was labeled “Maintenance.” She assumed that meant supplies for the pools, things like chemicals and cleaning nets.

What made this interesting was that there weren’t a lot of people near it. And there was a bit of space between the stern handrail and the hut itself. Hina glanced around, thinking that she might be able to do it.

She’d only be pulling the top down…and the area seemed secluded enough. It was at least worth a look.

Hina turned back, grabbed her things, and pulled the lounge chair to its new location. She made sure to have it be on the opposite side of the door. After putting the lounge chair in just the right position, Hina had a little corner all to herself.

The brunette smiled, and yet couldn’t help but notice her breathing was a little bit quicker. She was about to do something bolder than she normally dared, yet it sounded fun.

In the back of her mind, Hina knew that little bit of temptation usually led to trouble. But she could control herself. Aside from that one little hut, all that was in Hina’s immediate field of view was a vibrant blue ocean.

She bit her lip, hooked a thumb into the strap over one of her shoulders, and pushed it over, then did the same with the other strap. Hina looked around to make sure she was alone as she pulled the top of her suit down.

Her breasts slipped out, and she moved her arms to cradle them. A hint of red was beginning to show on her face. Hina gave her soft bosoms a light squeeze and looked around.

She hadn’t been found.

Hina let out a light exhale then picked up her sunblock and started applying it to her newly exposed skin. She didn’t want a tan that highlighted where her swimsuit *would* have been.

Once Hina felt adequately protected from the sun, she lay face down on her lounge chair and tried to relax. The tingling warmth on her cheeks reminded her that this was risky… And yet, she was having a little bit of fun.

Her swimsuit still covered her bottom half. It was both a thrilling reminder that she was only partially clothed now and also an annoying promise of an ugly tan line.

Hina balled her hands into fists and cringed internally. She really didn’t want any tan lines…but that would mean…sunbathing fully naked!

The brunette thought it over. Could she do it? Could she take the swimsuit completely off?

She stood up and tightly held her breasts. Hina took quiet steps behind the hut and peeked around the corner. Nobody was looking her way. Then she moved towards the opposite side of the hut and looked around. Once again, nobody seemed interested in the little maintenance hut.

Slowly, her feet carried her back towards her lounge chair. She reminded herself that this was okay. This tanning session would be brief, she told herself.

With shaking hands, she gripped the side of her swimsuit. Her heart rate picked up and she began to push the suit down her body. The fresh air washed over her with every inch she exposed. Hina pulled the suit over her hips, exposing her smooth tush, her recently shaved front.

Hina continued pushing the suit down her thighs, past her knees, and then down around her ankles. Finally, she stepped out of the suit.

That was it. She was completely naked from head to toe.

Hina grabbed onto the handrail, feeling a bit euphoric. She was fully exposed and free. It shouldn’t have felt that good to be completely naked, but it did.

Once the nude brunette regained her composure, she picked up her sunblock and applied it to her newly exposed skin. Hina had never really applied sunscreen to such spots before, and it only made her blush redder.

Finally, she took a breath and lay back down on her lounge chair. She’d only be naked for a short time. She didn’t want to get in trouble with anyone else on the ship.

But once Hina lay face down again, she let out a sigh and began to relax. Feeling the warm sun kiss her naked skin helped her calm down.

The ship gently rocked over the waves, and the soothing sound of the ocean splashing against the hull added to the pleasing atmosphere. Hina drank it in and started to enjoy her vacation.

In her comfort, Hina actually smiled, stifling a tiny giggle at what she was doing; a small part of her found this fun. She rolled over and lay on her back, exposing her front side to the world around her. Hina didn’t try to cover up. She had her eyes closed and almost forgot she was on a ship.

Hina was very pleased with herself, glad she decided to do this. It was risky for sure, but it was also exhilarating. A certain area felt a little warm, and it was not from sunlight alone.

That thought put a bit of a deeper blush on Hina’s cheeks. No… Hina wasn’t quite *that* bold. Addressing that feeling would have to wait until she was back in her cabin.

As she tried to ignore these arousing feelings, she heard approaching footsteps.

‘Someone’s coming!’ Hina thought. Her mind started to slide into panic mode. ‘I’m totally naked, and someone’s close! I’ll get kicked off the ship! Everyone will think I’m a pervert!’

At the height of her tension, she heard a door open. The footsteps still approached, but they were now a bit quieter. Whoever was near was inside the hut.

Hina gulped and got off of her lounge chair. With her backside to the wall, she was nervous. She needed to know what was going on. With shaking legs she crept forward, slowing as she went, inching along the side of the maintenance hut, finally peeking around the corner.

Though nobody seemed to be looking her way, something was off. Hina put a hand over her breasts. She placed her other hand to the wall and slowly rotated her body, so her front side was facing the wall of the hut.

The door to the maintenance hut was open! Hina recoiled and let out a sigh. Nobody was coming to see her; she was safe.

Still, she felt that many she’d had enough thrills for today. It was time to get re-dressed.

She looked to where she’d set her swimsuit. It lay there in a crumpled pile with her towel, exactly where she’d left it.

Hina smiled and reached down to pick up the swimsuit. She was about to hold it in front of her when suddenly…**WHAM!**

“Ah!” Hina gasped in surprise at the sound of the slamming maintenance hut door. In a startled jump, she dropped her swimsuit and put her hands back to her intimates. And Hina soon realized that was a very bad move.

The one-piece suit landed just under the handrail when Hina let go. And half of it was hanging over the ledge. Gravity tugged it, pulling more and more of the material over the edge.

Hina was about to make a grab for the suit, but suddenly there was a breeze. And it was a fairly strong one, too! Enough to make something else noticeably begin to flutter around.

“My towel!” Hina said in surprise. The towel was nearly airborne because of the breeze! She made a quick grab for the towel, leaving herself completely exposed. Hina almost had to jump, causing a slight sway of her breasts. But she was able to successfully grab the towel!

“Phew…” Hina sighed, holding the towel to her body. “That would have been bad…”

Then she glanced to where she last saw her swimsuit, but nothing was there.

“W-what? Where is…my suit!” Hina looked over the rail and saw her swimsuit — afloat and out of reach — on the crest of a gentle wave, slowly losing its battle to remain floating. It would soon be claimed by the ocean.

Hina’s eyes were wide as she watched her suit float away. It was out of her reach now. She was now naked on the cruise ship. Her swimsuit was gone, and her room was a long winding hike back through the busy hallways.

“Oh no… Oh no, what do I do…?” Hina asked of no one in particular. She took a deep breath, and then exhaled, making her chest rise and fall.

Hina still had her towel. Without wasting any time, she picked up the fabric and wrapped it around her body as tightly as she could. It had to stay in place.

The plan was simple: get back to her room. She had a long walk ahead of her, she only had a towel to cover herself with, and she knew that even with that concealment, passers-by would wonder whether she had anything on beneath the towel, there being no straps over her shoulders. Hina had no such uncertainty: in her own mind, she was unquestionably naked beneath the towel.

She took a deep breath and started to slowly walk out from behind the hut. The open pool area in front of her had many people laughing and splashing water at each other.

Hina pushed herself onward. She could feel the fabric of her towel brushing her skin with every step. The brunette was completely naked underneath the towel.

Her steps were quick, wanting to spend as little time outside as possible. She kept her fingers gripping her only cover tightly and started walking past the pool.

‘If anyone swims by and looks up…they’ll know. They’ll know I’m naked,’ Hina thought.

Her worries were interrupted by a loud splash. Before Hina could even turn and look, a large splash of pool water rained down on her and her towel.

At first it seemed like no big deal, but Hina’s soaked towel now clung tightly to her figure.

“Ah!” Hina gasped, and she started to move quicker. Her towel now felt a little heavier, and it required more attention to keep it in place. Red faced, the brunette pushed onward, getting through doors that led inside.

Hina entered the interior of the ship. The towel-clad girl only needed to get to the elevator and make it to her room.

She recollected herself and pushed on. It made her nervous to walk down these halls, with all of the other people around. Hina could feel the smooth carpet on her toes, reminding her that she’d left her sandals behind.

Technically, this counted as more clothing that she’d left behind along with her swimsuit, but it wasn’t like they covered much. Running barefoot might actually be a bit safer than the sandals. Either way, Hina didn’t feel they were worth retrieving right now.

There was an increasing sense of worry in Hina’s mind. The towel was all she had, and she would pass by other people on the ship, sometimes with only inches of space. Nearly everyone on the pool deck was dressed to swim. Hina was an exception.

Hina finally made it to the elevator and pushed the button to call it.

‘I can do this,’ Hina thought. ‘I’ve been through worse. I can do this.’

She had her towel, she reminded herself: she’d be okay.

The elevator door finally opened, and Hina quickly moved inside, gratified to see that her good luck continued: she had the elevator to herself.

Hina pushed the button for her floor, and the door shut. Through the short ride, she looked fixedly at the reflective walls. As before, she could see herself, but now her shoulders were bare, and she knew the reason for it.

It reminded her of her trip up to the pool deck in this same elevator, posing with the towel, using the reflective walls as a mirror. As before, the towel covered far more than even her lost swimsuit, yet now she not only looked naked under the towel, she *knew* that she was naked under it.

The door dinged sooner than Hina expected; she quickly realized she wasn’t yet to her floor. She tensed and held her towel more tightly. A man and a woman entered the elevator.

Hina wanted to scream, thinking this was a trap. She couldn’t wait for them to go. She couldn’t wait for her floor. Hina needed to get out, and she needed to get out now!

She started to move forward quickly through the elevator doors and stepped out into the hallway, leaving the confused couple behind her.

There was a ding and the door shut. Hina was out of the elevator and on a floor above her own.

That was too close, much too close for Hina’s liking. If anything had gone wrong, she could have lost her towel! Hina grabbed the hemline of the towel and tugged downward to ensure it blocked the view between her legs.

That was when Hina noticed a warmth. It was a warmth that made her cheeks turn a little bit more red. That feeling showed up before, and she knew what it meant. It showed up when she thought she was enjoying this.

‘No way… No way, not now!’ Hina thought to herself. The high-risk scenario was making Hina feel a bit hot and bothered. That same feeling earlier made her think it was going to be okay if she tanned naked. And that same thought process left her with nothing but a towel.

The brunette looked around nervously; there were still people around in the elevator lobby. They were all staring at the brunette, raising eyebrows and leaning in. Hina knew she couldn’t just stand there feeling herself through her towel: that would guarantee that she got into trouble.

Hina didn’t want to appear weird to them, but she already looked odd, since she (supposedly) looked dressed to swim. Getting out of an elevator just to wait and get back in would look weirder. Hina’s heart rate was picking up, and she couldn’t stand being near the group anymore.

With adrenaline driving her, she started off at a fast paced walk, almost running. Hina pushed through the people, not caring if she was on the wrong floor. She’d move forward, then come back when the coast was clear.

She pressed on, walking past people, feeling very worried about the possibility of her towel dropping. Hina was just going to take a walk around the floor, then go back to the elevator when there were fewer people.

As Hina continued, keeping her hold on her towel tight, she spotted something ahead of her. The sign on the door read “Spa, Sauna and Massage!”

‘I could hide out in the sauna…’ she thought. Her goal was clearly to get back to her room as quickly as possible, but also to keep her exposure to a minimum. Going into a spa in little but a towel could look normal. On top of that, the spa could potentially have an extra towel she could use to cover up with. Maybe even a robe!

The potential for a little extra coverage sealed the deal. Hina took a deep breath and pushed through the door to go into the spa. At the front desk, there was a girl typing away at a computer, and she noticed Hina walk in.

Immediately, she put on a big smile. “Hello and welcome to our five star spa! How can I help you today?”

Yes, I’ve misplaced my swimsuit. Do you have anything I can wear back to my room?

That’s what Hina wanted to say. That’s what she *should* have said. But those weren’t the words that came out of her mouth.

Instead, she replied, “Yes I’ve um, I’ve come to enjoy your sauna!”

“Excellent choice! Right this way,” she said politely, standing up to lead Hina down a short hallway. “You seem eager: most of the passengers need to change out of their clothes when they come here, but you already look ready.”

Hina blushed. “Y-yes, well I was just so excited to try the sauna, I couldn’t wait.”

That was embarrassing. In Hina’s attempt at looking normal, she ended up looking out of place. Now she was the ‘eager girl.’ The kind so excited for a sauna that they showed up in just a swimsuit and a towel. Only Hina had less than that.

“At the moment, you can have this one to yourself, although other guests could show up,” the girl said.

“That’s fine,” Hina replied. “I don’t think I’ll be too long.”

“Okay then, the knobs by the door control the steam and the heat. Enjoy!” the girl said, opening the door for Hina.

Hina was greeted by an immediate wall of humidity. The room was very warm as she stepped in. Her bare feet detected a bit of moisture on the floor.

With the door shut behind her, Hina let out a sigh. For the moment, she had privacy. A little relaxation didn’t hurt her plan; she just needed to wait before trying her luck with the elevator again.

And so Hina took a seat on a bench. The warm air hugged her, though she wouldn’t have minded it being a little warmer. She glanced towards the knobs the girl mentioned and decided to turn up the steam.

The effect was quick. More steamy air poured out of the vents and heated the room. Hina could feel her skin moisten, and it was even slowly making her towel damp.

Still, she sighed. It was a calming atmosphere. Hina took her seat and enjoyed the warmth. She was starting to think that this wasn’t so bad. Maybe she’d look into a massage next.

Hina looked around the room and noticed that there was a little less visibility due to the steam. That was to be expected of any good sauna; she looked at the knob and noticed it was only a quarter of the way up.

The brunette was left wondering how much more steam this sauna could produce. Hina glanced around and shrugged, reached up, and turned the knob.

About halfway, more steam started pouring out of the vents. So much that it was really getting difficult to see. Enough to make one walk more slowly and feel around. However, Hina could still see the opposite wall.

Curious now about the upper limit, Hina turned the knob to its highest setting. There was a noticeable hum, and all the vents poured steam very heavily.

Hina stood up, stepped away from the knob, and walked towards one of the vents. She waved her hand in front of it, and the steam was so thick that it almost felt like hot running water. Little beads of water appeared on her hand, which she then wiped against the towel.

Hina could no longer make out the details of the door. The steam was just too thick. Now she definitely had to walk more slowly in the sauna so she wouldn’t trip.

As she did this, she walked past a vent, and suddenly her towel felt a lot heavier. It sagged slightly, exposing a little of her back. This made Hina blush. Her towel was becoming saturated and heavy due to the steam. It was a new problem that made remaining covered while getting back to her room a lot more difficult.

Still, it wasn’t super soaked. It wasn’t like Hina dropped it in the pool; it was still wearable. Hina just needed to keep it away from the vents. She retook her seat and tried to relax.

Hina was coming to a slow realization as she did this. In the thick cloud of humidity, it was difficult for her to see, and therefore, difficult for others to see her. She could set her towel aside and be relatively safe, to really enjoy the steam on her skin.

She pressed her legs together.

‘No, no, no!’ Hina thought. ‘Bad idea!’ Being completely nude in the sauna? Was she crazy? A similar line of thought cost her a swimsuit. What if someone walked in? Would they be able to tell she was naked?

Hina bit her lip. The thought sounded fun, although it made her cheeks a bit redder. Maybe…just maybe it was okay to do. It wasn’t like the towel could slide over the edge into the ocean. That couldn’t happen in the sauna.

‘Just for a little bit…’ Hina thought. She took a deep breath and unwrapped her towel from herself. The fabric tickled her body as it slid down. Now she sat atop her towel, the only fabric touching her, just a patch between the bench and her bare bottom.

The brunette couldn’t believe she was bold enough to do this. On impulse, her hands went to her chest and pelvic area. It felt very warm between her legs, and Hina couldn’t tell if it was sweat, water, or something else.

She held herself like this for a few minutes, thinking the door was going to burst open. They were going to grab her and march her around the ship naked. Hina would be exposed for wanting a mildly perverted thrill.

But that didn’t happen.

Instead, Hina was left in peace, alone with her nudity, humidity, and naughty thoughts. She gave herself a light squeeze between her legs and blushed a little. She was emboldened by this security, though she knew it was unwise to start pleasing herself right there in the sauna.

Instead, she decided to press her courage a different way. Hina didn’t like her naughty state of mind; she knew it would dig her deeper…and yet she pressed herself a little further.

The naked brunette picked up her towel and got up, moving to the back of the sauna. It was as far from the door as she could go. Hina sat in the corner and bunched up her towel, almost fumbling it a couple of times. She was nervous about doing this, and yet she kept her little self-imposed challenge going.

Hina tossed her towel to the opposite corner of the sauna, seeing it disappear in the steam. She couldn’t see it anymore. It was like she didn’t have it. Like it was completely gone.

“Ooooh,” Hina shuddered, hugging her chest and pressing her legs together tight. She’d limited access to her cover. She was going to see how long she could sit and not go get her towel.

The isolation had an effect on her. There was a prominent tingle between her thighs, begging for a hand to wander down there. The naked beauty resisted her urges as much as she could. If she was caught, she didn’t want to be caught doing…*that*.

Still, her mind hung on her voluntary loss of her towel. She chose to do that. Hina chose to be naked in the sauna. Her time was meant to be brief, and instead she was taking her time to soak in warmth and enjoy her nudity.

Hina gently began to rub her exposed breasts. If someone walked in, how obvious would it be that she was naked? Her towel was in the opposite corner. She would have no choice but to move closer to the door to get it. Closer to being seen.

She shook her head. This wasn’t meant to be some exhibitionistic adventure. Why was she even doing this? Why did she throw her towel away!? She needed it back!

But just as Hina was about to get up, disaster struck: the sauna door creaked open. Hina’s eyes widened, and she recoiled as far back as she could. Now she was in trouble. She was going to be found out!

“…And the knobs are right by the door here. Oooh! Looks a bit steamy!” the spa manager from earlier was saying. “There was another guest in here earlier. Hello? Are you still in here?”

Hina could see the light from the door opening. She could see other figures, but she couldn’t make out details. They were looking in her direction…but didn’t seem to see her. Was the steam thick enough? Hina was too scared to say anything.

“Huh, I guess she left. Well, enjoy the sauna!” the manager said.

“Thank you!” said a female voice.

Hina could see two step in, and one paused. Was she looking at Hina? The very thought made Hina grip her intimates a little bit tighter. However, it seemed they actually weren’t looking at her. Instead, one was looking in the opposite corner.

Where her towel landed.

‘No, no, no!’ Hina thought. ‘Leave it alone. I need that!’

“Excuse me Miss,” said one of the girls. “It looks like someone forgot a towel in here.”

“Oh? Thank you, hand it to me, and I’ll take care of it,” offered the desk attendant pleasantly.

‘Oh god, my towel! My towel is gone!’ Hina thought with increasing worry and fear. The sauna door shut, and now she was trapped. Naked in the sauna with two other girls! She needed to sneak past them, but how?

“It’s so steamy here. It’s kind of hard to see,” said one voice.

“I know, right? Does it give you any ideas…?” said the other in a sly voice.

“Aria!” said the first voice.

“Oh, come on, June. Don’t act like you haven’t thought about it!” replied the second voice, the one apparently called Aria.

Hina slid down from her seat silently. Her heart was racing. The steam was thick enough to conceal her, but she couldn’t risk hiding much longer. Her stupid little perverted thoughts left her trapped. She got on her hands and knees, crawling slowly toward the door. There was no doubt she’d draw attention from them when she opened the door, but if she moved quickly, it wouldn’t matter.

“T-thought about what?” June replied.

“Oh, just how well-hidden everything might be.” Aria said. “You could do aaaaanything you want.”

“I… I can see that, I just…” June seemed conflicted.

“Just do it! Come on, you know it’ll be fun!” Aria pushed.

What were they talking about? The same stupid risk that Hina put herself through? Hina wasn’t sure what was about to happen, but she wasn’t about to wait. She couldn’t wait, she couldn’t let herself be discovered!

Hina crawled forward, and the door was right in front of her. She mentally prepared herself to bust through the door and run. The naked girl gulped, took a deep breath, and sprung forward!

The door opened for Hina as her naked form pushed right through! She moved quickly out of the steamy atmosphere, and ran out of sight.

“W-what was that?” June said in shock.

“Someone about as bold as you are,” Aria said in mild surprise. “I bet she’s having fun; you could be doing the same thing!”

Out in the general area of the spa, Hina covered herself as best she could and panted. As her eyes adjusted to the light, she frantically looked around for something, anything she could use for cover. Another towel, a dropped swimsuit…something had to be here!

But there was no time to look for anything: the spa manager was coming down the hallway! This left Hina with only one option. She was going to have to leave the spa completely naked. There wasn’t any time to think about whether the idea was good or bad, she just had to get out of sight!

The cooler air whipped over her moistened body. If she wasn’t running, she would have shivered. Hina fell deeper and deeper into tunnel vision as she ran. She pushed through the door to the spa, and exited into the open public hallway.

Hina’s hands returned to their initial duty of guarding her intimates. Not that it would do much good. It was entirely obvious that she was completely naked. Her heart raced as she looked around the hallway. Although Hina couldn’t immediately see anyone nearby, she could hear voices. The hallway was a poor hiding spot.

Hina’s legs felt like jelly as she tried to take a step forward. She had to move. Staying there by the door would lead to her being found.

Her goal was the stairs. The elevator was out of the question: as exposed as she was now, she could no longer risk entering an elevator even in an abandoned lobby: she didn’t know what she would encounter when the elevator stopped!

That was the upside of the stairs: no surprises.

Only…which way were they? Hina really hadn’t explored the ship. If she wasn’t careful, she could get lost.

Still, Hina couldn’t afford to slow down. She picked a hallway that was giving the fewest sounds and…

“Eep!” Hina gasped and doubled right back. A man was approaching, pushing a food cart.

Red faced and covering herself, Hina turned back toward the elevators were. Unfortunately, there were more voices in that direction, which of course, meant more people.

Hina poked her head around the corner at the end of the hallway. The squeaky wheels of the cart warned her of impending discovery.

There was a small lobby where two people were waiting for an elevator. Just two. Could Hina sneak past them? Her eyes found their way to the vending machines. Next to them was a chair and a potted plant. It was small…but Hina could hide there!

The naked brunette looked behind her and saw the food cart turning the corner. She wasn’t going to get a better opportunity. Hina took a deep breath, clung her arm tightly to her chest and started a quick dash to that chair.

Hina frantically pulled the chair out, fully lifting it off the ground to avoid making a sound, getting quickly behind it, setting it down as quietly as she could on the tiled floor. Between the chair back, the slab-sided vending machine, and the potted plant, Hina hoped she could go undiscovered.

Her heart was racing as she sat gingerly upon the relocated chair. She’d moved into position as quietly as she could, but now she had to control her heavy breathing as she hugged her long smooth legs to her bare chest, hoping further that no one would notice that the chair had moved.

“Did you hear something?” said one of those waiting for the elevator.

“I thought I heard someone run by…” replied the other.

‘Oh God, they heard me!’ thought Hina. She was going to be discovered. It was over.

Ding!

“Hm? Well, whatever,” said the first person.

Hina peeked from behind the chair while staying low and saw the two get inside the elevator. The door shut.

The naked girl sighed with relief. For the moment she was safe. Hina looked over her obvious nakedness. She thought about how this was her own fault, how she only wanted to indulge her desires, just a little bit. Instead, she got a lot more than she bargained for.

A squeaking sound of a food cart approached, making Hina tense up again. Someone was close by, likely that food service guy. Hina held her breath and tried to hold herself as tightly as possible, almost rolling herself up into a little ball.

Eventually, the squeaking wheels retreated down the hall, getting quieter. Hina was alone in her little alcove. She let out a silent exhale, and sat to rest her mind for a moment.

The elevator was right there by her. It was starting to sound like the more logical option, given that it was closer and Hina didn’t really know which way the stairs were. Still, there was the issue of the door opening onto a mystery.

Hina thought it over, deciding to wait. If the elevator seemed inactive enough, she’d use it. As she sat there, she felt her own skin. The adrenaline rush made her feel a bit sensitive…down below. She was very warm now between her legs. The kind of warmth that suggested she was enjoying this.

The brunette shook her head. ‘No, no, no,’ she thought. ‘I can’t think about that. Not here, not now.’

After waiting for what felt like a long time, Hina looked at the elevator. The light display above it hadn’t changed. It hadn’t dinged in a while, meaning it hadn’t seen much use over the last few minutes.

Every moment that passed made Hina think that she was wasting time that she could successfully use to get to her floor. The longer she waited, the more she put herself at risk.

Hina then decided she shouldn’t wait longer than she needed to. It was time to go. On shaking legs, she rose up and climbed over the chair. The smooth fabric of the chair brushed against her skin. She hugged her chest, looked around, and pushed a button to call the elevator.

The little light display illuminated. There was a little hum, and the elevator began approaching.

It dinged, and the door opened.

Hina braced herself and prepared to scream, but she heard nothing else. Nobody was in the elevator. Of course not: she was the one who called it! So, Hina ran in and pressed the button to her floor. The door shut, and the elevator began to move.

For the third time today, Hina rode the elevator. First she created the illusion of nudity. Then she was hiding actual nudity. Now, those reflective walls showed she could do very little to conceal her naked form. Every curve was free of her clingy swimsuit. Every inch was exposed without the towel to hide it. Her nakedness was in plain sight now.

Her plan was set. Once that door was open, it was going to be a quick sneak back to her room. If anyone saw her, it would turn to a mad dash. The naked brunette watched the light display showing her approaching her floor. It felt like an eternity, but it wasn’t even a whole minute.

Hina took a deep breath, feeling her pulse pick up. The elevator stopped moving, it dinged, and the door opened.

With nobody immediately near the door, Hina poked her head out to see the unoccupied alcove. Luck was on her side. The exposed girl slowly stepped out, thankful for the silent hallway.

She started to walk quickly, retracing her steps back to her room. The nightmare was almost over. Hina could finally get re-dressed and lay in bed. She had enough excitement for one day, after all.

The halls were clear, and nothing was slowing her down. The door to Hina’s room was in sight. Safety at last! Hina’s quick walk turned into a run, causing her breasts to bounce as she passed each door, each of which had a chance of opening, of having someone walk out and see Hina completely nude. But her goal was ahead of her!

Finally, the naked brunette reached her door. She quickly gripped the handle and pushed. But the door didn’t open. It was locked.

“Oh, right! That stupid key…”

Hina’s heart sank. She didn’t have her room key on her. It was on the deck near the pool, where she lost her swimsuit to begin with. With her legs feeling like jelly, Hina put her hands on the wall and almost panicked.

“Oh God… Oh God… I can’t get in…” Hina said out loud to herself. There was no way inside without a key. It was an electric card lock, not one that she could pick, even if she’d known how. And it would definitely draw attention if she tried to bash it open, even had she the strength to do so. No, Hina would need her room key to open this door. And if she didn’t want to expose herself to anyone that worked aboard the ship, that meant going back up.

Hina mentally prepared herself for another naked walk. The elevator seemed safe enough, even though she didn’t completely trust it. She managed to use it without running into anyone, though who knew when the situation would change?

Once she approached the alcove where the elevator was, she heard something that sent a shiver up her spine.

*Ding!*

It could only mean someone was using the elevator! Where they coming or going? If they were coming, they would see Hina!

In her panic, she thought to turn back and try clawing through her door. But instead Hina froze up and held herself, backside to the wall. She closed her eyes in worry.

But… she heard nothing. Hina slowly poked her head around the corner; she saw nobody in the alcove. Whoever it was had gotten onto the elevator. That meant it was in use, but at least Hina had been undiscovered.

Hina thought about waiting on the elevator. She knew the way from there to the pool. However, she did remember that path being very busy. Maybe the stairs could present a better option. But could she dare to search for them?

The naked girl looked down the hallway, both directions. Would the stairs be far? Less people would be using them given the size of the ship. Getting to the stairs was riskier, but once she got there, the stairs themselves would be a safer path.

Hina hugged her chest and pushed her legs together. She picked the path that led away from her room and started walking. Her heart was pounding as she wandered, remembering she was without so much as a thread. If anyone was in these halls, she’d be exposed to them.

A door opened along the hall behind her. Hina froze and slowly looked back.

There were two girls walking out of the door. One with very light colored hair, the other with blue hair.

“C’mon June, it’ll be fun,” said the first girl.

Hina’s eyes widened. Was this the two from before!?

“Can you at least make sure it’s clear first?” replied June.

“Oh, fine, you…” Aria froze, looking squarely at Hina.

Hina’s eyes widened in horror as her biggest fear was realized.

“*Eeeek!*” the brunette squealed. She turned and started to run.

‘I was seen. I was seen. I was seen… She saw me. She saw me naked,’ Hina thought with a deep blush.

Aria stood somewhat dumbfounded in the doorway to the room she shared with June. “I wonder if she’s doing this on purpose or not…” she said as she scratched her head.

‘Run! Run run run run!’ was all Hina could think. Somebody knew she was naked on this ship now! She sprinted down the hallway, but then stopped. Hina looked behind her and saw the stairs, she had nearly run right past them!

Thinking those two could be following her, Hina quickly started to climb the steps. With three flights to climb before she reached the swimming deck, Hina had to think of a way to get around those two if she encountered them again.

Hina didn’t even read the girl’s expression. In her mind, she needed to find some cover before the whole ship’s crew answered an alert to search for a fleeing nudist.

Further and further up Hina went. She was starting to wonder if it would be right to steal a towel from the top deck. If the ship provided towels it wouldn’t be a big deal. There had to be some by the pool.

Once Hina reached the top of the stairs, she took a moment to catch her breath. As she hoped, the stairs didn’t see much use, and the door lead directly to the pool area. However, as she’d known it must, there were still a lot of people on the swimming deck.

Hina glanced around and saw the hut by the end of the ship. Her key card was likely over there. Now if only she could spot…a towel rack!

Hina could see a towel rack near the end of the ship, completely full of towels! They seemed free for anyone to take, and Hina would be all too happy to help herself to one, maybe even two.

The only issue was that it was a bit far away, as the towel rack was near the hut. There was no easy way to get to it. Hina would be seen going for it for sure if she just walked for it. But she had to find a way over there: she needed coverage!

Along the handrail that led to the ship’s stern, there were multiple lounge chairs, many occupied by people tanning. If she was quiet enough…she might be able to sneak by them.

Red faced, the naked girl knew she had to take this chance. She slowly crept towards the handrail, out into the sunlight. It hugged her naked skin and warmed her. A small comfort, but it did nothing to help her challenge.

She got on her hands and knees and began to crawl. There was a small space between the back of the lounge chairs and the handrail, but Hina could fit. She bit her lip, feeling the warmth between her legs at the risk of exposure. Getting past each chair felt like it took forever, due to how much of a risk she was taking.

“Mmm…” came a sigh.

Hina froze and looked behind her, seeing a woman rolling over to her front side and resting her head. The woman was wearing sunglasses, so there was no way Hina could tell if she was looking at her completely exposed backside or not.

The nude brunette did her best not to scream, but she could not help but put a hand between her legs before crawling onward. She was very hot and bothered now, which was strange. Was she being turned on by the thought of being seen like this? No, she couldn’t be. She enjoyed naked exploring; that was different.

Hina shook her head. ‘No, no, no!’ she thought. ‘I don’t enjoy that, either! I am not some crazy exhibitionist! Gotta get that towel!’

Closer and closer, Hina was soon at the very end of the row of lounge chairs. The towel rack was now only a few feet away, but she couldn’t reach it from the scant safety of this last lounge chair.

She looked around, seeing everyone enjoying the pool. It was now or never, she’d only be completely exposed for a few seconds. That towel was all she needed.

Hina took a deep breath, crawled out from behind the lounge chair, and did a little dash to the towel rack. She made a quick grab and ran for the hut.

She heard splashes and laughs but no gasping. Hina didn’t care either way. Once she was behind the hut, she was safe. There was fabric in her hand! It seemed fluffy and soft, a high quality towel, its fabric sun-warmed. The naked girl could not wait to have this securely wrapped around her body!

And so Hina smiled and unfolded the towel, held it in place over one of her breasts, and pulled it around her back to cover it. She finally had cover! But as Hina looked at her comfortable fabric, she realized something.

This towel was too short.

Worry returned as she tugged and pulled the fabric further, but it wouldn’t reach below her hips, leaving her bottom half completely exposed. Was this meant for someone’s hair? Or a child? Whatever the case, it wasn’t enough! Hina would have to brave getting one more towel.

Hina peeked around the corner and saw the towel rack again. The naked girl had only one way to make this towel cover everything. That was to hold it vertically, which would cover her breasts and between her legs, but it would leave her backside completely exposed.

She blushed and began a slow, nervous walk towards the towel rack from the hut, the short towel held before her. Hina’s heart was racing as she made her careful steps, keeping the towel facing the pool, her naked curvy backside facing the rest of the world behind her.

‘This towel is all I have,’ Hina thought. ‘If I don’t keep it in place, everyone will see I’m naked. Just a little closer…almost…’ Hina glanced towards the towel rack. Finally she snatched one and turned, making a quick dash towards the back of the hut again.

Her hasty movement cost her, however, as the towel covering her front was free to flutter about, briefly flashing her bouncing breasts at the world before Hina made it back behind concealment.

Hina sighed breathlessly and wiped a little sweat off her forehead, then wrapped the small towels around her naked body. She was able to cover both her top and bottom to her liking.

“Finally…time to get out of this,” Hina said out loud. She slowly walked to where she had tanned earlier, and sure enough, her lounge chair and room key were still in place.

Hina picked the key up off of the ground and gripped it tight. She wasn’t going to lose this again. It was time to head back to her room and address a certain “itch.”

Although she was nervous the whole way back, Hina managed to keep her composure. She got a few odd looks from other ship passengers, but Hina paid them no mind. There wasn’t much reason to, and she wasn’t likely to meet them again after the cruise was done.

There was a brief incident where her bottom towel fell off in the elevator, but luckily she had made sure to ride alone and was able to fix it.

Hina made her way down the final hallway, slid her key card into her door, and finally regained access to her room. She slowly walked in, shut the door behind her, and exhaled.

Then, in an instant Hina peeled the towels from her body, threw them to the floor, and flopped upon her bed, her hands flying between her legs. The pent-up arousal had turned from polite insistence to adamant demand.

Hina was ashamed at how suddenly she did it, but without a doubt, she needed this relief. The naked girl furiously rubbed between her legs, feeling the heat on her hand. She curled her toes and her body stiffened as she let out a moan. The naked girl trembled in orgasmic tension until her muscles finally relaxed, and she collapsed face down on her bed in release.

—-

When Hina opened her eyes, she felt very relaxed and could only smile. Through the entire ordeal, only two other people found out she was naked in the ship hallways. It was over; she was safe. It was enough adventures for one day, Hina would get dressed and…

*Knock knock!*

The percussive sound alarmed Hina, causing her to sit up. Who could be knocking on her door?

*Knock knock!*

…came the sound more insistently this time.

With no time to dress, Hina scrambled for a towel on the floor and wrapped it around herself. It was the larger of the two towels, just big enough to cover everything.

Hina then looked through the door’s peephole and saw the two girls from earlier. Aria and June. They were the ones that saw her.

Hina opened the door a crack and looked at them. “H-hello?”

“Hey there, I think we saw you earlier. Mind if we come in?” Aria said with a smile.

“N-no, I’m not dressed.” Hina said, telling a bit of truth.

“That wasn’t a problem earlier,” Aria winked.

“Th-that’s not what you think it was! Please don’t tell anyone, that was an accident, I was…”

“Shh! We’re not gonna tell on you.” June said, with a little blush of her own. Hina noticed that June was wearing a very light bikini, the pieces barely big enough to cover the essentials.

“It’s fine if you’re taking a break,” Aria said. “Just wanted to say it’s amazing how bold you were!”

“W-what? No I’m not…”

“Couldn’t wait for midnight, huh? We couldn’t either!” Aria said.

“M-midnight?” Hina said in confusion and embarrassment. These girls thought she did that on purpose? That was…only partially true. But what did Aria mean about midnight?

“You mean you don’t know?” Aria said in surprise. “Well, at midnight we’ll be in international waters. That’s when they lighten up on the rules, if you like to sneak around.” Aria said with a sly wink. “Which we were going to do. You’re welcome to join us if you like! I’m Aria, and this is June!”

Hina stared at Aria for a long time, feeling a bit nervous. Finally, she said, “Nice to meet you, I’m Hina. I kind of just want to rest right now; maybe I’ll see you two later.”

“Okay!” Aria said. “We’re in room Two Fifty-Eight!”

The brunette slowly shut her door and sat back down on her bed, thinking about what Aria explained to her. Thankfully, she wasn’t in trouble, but she couldn’t help but wonder what Aria seemed to hint at.

Did this ship have a streaker night? 