Author: mypenname3000
Title: Editing Reality Book 2, Chapter 03: Evening of Naughty Passions
Summary: Steve's family enjoys the changes he's edited for them.
Keywords: mff ff Fff MF mc inc oral 1st toys

Copywrite 2019

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com
James Davies

You want me to draw my... sister? I asked in shock, staring at Seth, my hand covering my naked cock. I shifted on the couch in my drawing room at Dreamgirl Delights. Is she a request from someone?

Seth shifted before me, this gleam in his blue eyes. My nerdy friend smile. Just for me. You know, Becky's... amazing.

I swallowed and squirmed. It wasn't just me being self-conscious at Seth walking in on me in the middle of playing with my girls that had me off-balanced. Orihime pressed into my side, her naked breast rubbing against my arm. Ruri still crouched at the end of the couch, hiding her petite form.

My sister... Becky. Could I draw her? Could I create another version of my sister, one who would want to have sex with Seth? To love him and fuck him. I swallowed, my stomach squirming. I could do that.

But should I?

No. I shook my head. Sorry, Seth, that just feels wrong to me. She's my sister. You get that?
Yeah, I get it, Seth said, shrugging. He sounded casual, but there was something straining his words. His hand balled into a fist. Thought I'd ask. I'd be kicking myself if I didn't.

Yeah, I said. Sorry.

Don't be. His eyes flicked to Orihime then to Ruri peeking over the armrest of the couch. Well, you enjoy your girls. But don't forget to get those new ones drawn.

I nodded my head, shifting. So... we're raking in the money, right?

Seth grinned, a gleam shining in his blue eyes. You have no idea. Wait until you get your first cut of it. Start thinking about how to spend it.

I hadn't thought of that at all. My parents had no idea that I was working at a bordello staffed by the girls I drew and created. How would I explain I to them? Why was I even worrying? I was a god now. I could do what I wanted.

Enjoy my money the way I want.

Ruri's head rose higher over the couch, her face dripping in my cum. Right before Seth interrupted us, I had cum on both my women's faces. A line ran down Orihime's face and landed down on her large breast.

He should knock! Ruri said, her purple eyes hard. Or you should lock the door, James! If you're going to make me do pervy things, at least don't let me get caught.

Yeah, sorry, I said. I didn't think about it.

I rose from the couch, the fabric sticking to my sweaty back.

As I crossed the room, Ruri added, And you, you buxom slut, just set there letting Seth stare at you!

Mmm, why should I be embarrassed. I have big tits just the way James created me. I glanced back at Orihime. She squeezed her large breasts, kneading them. Her digits brushed some of the cum that had dribbled down on her breasts. They are big, lovely boobies, and I am proud of them.

You are such a whore! hissed Ruri.

Says the girl dripping in cum, Orihime purred. Mmm, come here and let's lick each other clean.

My dick twitched at the sound of that. I reached the door and twisted the lock. Music bled through the door. Beyond, the boys from our school were having fun. There were arcade games to play, TVs with videos playing, pool table, ski ball, Foosball, and more. And that didn't count the girls I'd made. The ones not engaged upstairs would mingle and flirt and make the guys feel special.

I turned around and watched as Ruri crept out of her hiding spot. Her petite body flushed, her small breasts quivering. Cum ran down to her neck. Orihime crooked a finger and licked her lips, gathering up some of my cum running down her face.

Let's lick each other up, Orihime said. 

Ruri trembled. She shot me a look. I smiled. She wanted permission to be a slut. She ached to do it, but she wanted me to order her. I marched towards them, my cock hard. So, who wants to sit on my cock and who wants to sit on my face.

I needed more of a break from drawing before I got back to it.

Then you two can lick the other's face clean.

Mmm, yum, Orihime said.

I want to sit on your cock! Ruri said, bouncing on the balls of her feet, her pigtails dancing about her head. I'll make you feel... She trailed off as she noticed the smirk on Orihime's face.

Of course the slut can sit on your cock, Orihime said, a smile on her lips.

Ruri huffed and stamped her feet. I'm just making James happy. I know my pussy pleases him more than yours does.

Riiiight, said Orihime as she rose. She took Ruri's hand. We're going to make him feel amazing. She licked a line of cum off Ruri's cheek, my pearly spunk pooling on the busty girl's tongue.

They were so cute. Sixteen and beautiful.

I stretched out on the soft carpet. I smiled as Orihime lead Ruri to me. The sight of my two women always stirred delight in me. They were opposites and beautiful. My eyes followed the sway of Orihime's breasts and the jiggle of Ruri's small titties. They reached me, standing over me.

Orihime grinned at me. 

I loved them both. I was so glad I created them with my godly powers. My two girls. Orihime straddled my head, her legs on either side of me. She lowered herself with grace. I stared at that bubbly ass of hers, her sleek back rising above. Her orange hair swayed as she shuddered.

She lowered her shaved pussy to my face. Her sweet musk filled my nose moments before her hot twat pressed against my mouth. My tongue flicked out, caressing her labia. I stroked through her pussy folds, gathering that delicious cream and making her moan.

Ooh, yes, yes, James! Orihime moaned. You love me, too!

Ruri straddled my waist. Her hand grabbed my cock, lifting it. I shuddered as her hairless pussy brushed the tip of my cock. I felt the plump warmth of her vulva. She rubbed my dick up and down her pussy, moaning in delight.

I love you, James! Ruri whimpered. Then she slid her cunt down my dick. She took more and more of my cock into her tight, molten depths. My body twitched and throbbed. This wild heat surged through me. My toes curled as this amazing heat swelled through me.

I moaned into Orihime's pussy as Ruri's twat bottomed out on me. That sweet, tight sheath gripped me. She squirmed her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock. My dick throbbed in her depths as my tongue plunged into Orihime's snatch. I fluttered through her silky sheath, her sweet cream filling my mouth.

Ruri rose up my cock. Her twat squeezed around my cock. My dick twitched in her tight grip. She reached the pinnacle, whimpering, then she slammed down my shaft. She massaged me, the silky friction flowing down my shaft. My balls tightened. My toes curled.

Mmm, moaned Orihime. Your little cunny's making James feel amazing.

He's making me feel amazing, whimpered Ruri as she rose her cock up my dick. He feels so good in me.

Naughty slut.

Orihime! whimpered Ruri as she slammed back down my cock.

Orihime chuckled, squirming her pussy on my face. Her juices bathed me. My busty girlfriend purred in delight, shifting as she leaned forward. I stared at her bubbly ass and sleek back as I devoured her.

You are so cute, Ruri, Orihime purred. Mmm, we're both his sluts. Isn't that wonderful?

Well... Ruri's pussy clenched on my face.

It's fine, I know. We're his sluts forever.

Yes, I groaned, my hands gripping Ruri's hips as she rode me.

Then I heard the naughty sounds of licking. I pictured my women lapping my cum off each other's faces. My dick throbbed inside of Ruri. It was so hot imagining their pink tongues fluttering over each other's cheeks, cleaning up my cum covering their features.

Inspired, I fucked my tongue in and out of Orihime's pussy. I made her whimper, her sweet cream dripping past my lips. I swallowed it down, loving every drop of her cream spilling through my mouth. It was a wonderful treat to enjoy.

My tongue danced through their folds. I teased them. I fluttered through her silky delight. I brushed her clit, stroking her. Her rump clenched and relaxed. She squirmed on my face, moaning and gasping as she and Ruri licked each other.

James! Orihime moaned. Oh, yes, yes, eat my pussy! I'm going to cum on your face.

I'm going to cum on his cock! Ruri moaned, her tight pussy squeezing on my dick as she rose up my shaft. I love cumming on his dick.

Slut! gasped Orihime.

Yes! Ruri moaned.

I heard the wanton sounds of them kissing. Their licks smacked. Those sloppy noises made my cock throb. My balls grew tighter and tighter, the ache to erupt in Ruri's pussy swelled and swelled. My hands caressed her slender waist as she rode me. She slammed her pussy down my cock again and again.

My toes curled as the pleasure rippled through me. Her sweet cunt gave me pleasure. I groaned, fluttering my tongue through Orihime's delicious twat as Ruri brought me closer and closer to cumming. She squeezed around my dick as she rose up my shaft, her pussy sucking at my balls.

Ruri! I groaned into Orihime's pussy.

Is her pussy going to make you cum? gasped Orihime, her back arching, her orange hair swaying about her back. Huh?

Yes! I groaned, my dick throbbing in her pussy. Keep riding me, Ruri!

I will! Ruri moaned. Then she squealed. Orihime, those are my nipples!

Uh-huh! Orihime moaned. Cute, little nipples.

Ruri shuddered on me. Then her pussy writhed about my cock. Her hot flesh convulsed as she joined me in cumming. The pleasure rippled around my cock. I groaned into Orihime's pussy as the pleasure slammed through me.

My toes curled. This amazing treat burned through me. I groaned into Orihime's pussy. I swirled my tongue through her snatch. I licked her. I devoured her. I savored this amazing flavor of her pussy juices spilling through my mouth.

I thrust my tongue into her depths. I caressed her as Ruri's pussy brought me closer and closer to exploding. My toes curled. My hips thrust up as Ruri slammed her convulsing cunt down my cock. My balls tightened.

Yes, yes, yes, cum in me! howled Ruri.

I latched onto Orihime's clit, sucking hard as Ruri's massaging twat brought me to the brink of my orgasm.

Flood the slut's pussy, James! howled Orihime.

Her sweet cream bathed my face.

She joined Ruri in cumming. Both my women were in ecstasy. My balls twitched. My cum fired out of my shaft and flooded Ruri's spasming pussy. I joined my girlfriend in rapture. The pleasure fired out of my cock with every eruption.

Yes! I growled into Orihime's pussy.

My dick spurted over and over. I bathed Ruri's writhing cunt as I moaned into Orihime's pussy. My legs twitched, my heels drumming on the floor. My balls unloaded as my cum spurted again and again into her cunt. I flooded her pussy as I groaned around Orihime's clit.

Her juices bathed my face. My women both gasped in wordless pleasure. They squirmed on me. Ruri's pussy milked my balls dry. She drained me as I groaned. Stars rippled across my vision. I squeezed Ruri's hips as I groaned into Orihime's twat.

My pleasure peaked.

Died into bliss.

Damn, I groaned.

Uh-huh, Orihime panted. Ooh, that was fun.

It was, Ruri whimpered.

I smiled, so glad I had my women. It was a great break. I felt energized to create more women. I had a list of sexy girls to draw. It was the best. I would make all the guys at our school happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Becky Davies

I kissed my best friend, Tonya. Our tongues danced together as we squirmed on her bed. This nervous flutter rippled through my guts. Her family was home. I could hear them moving around the house. If they caught us...

Her parents were religious. They wouldn't be pleased at all to find me kissing their daughter.

I just liked kissing Tonya. Next to Daddy, I felt so close to Tonya. I couldn't wait to bring her to my parents' bed. I wanted to watch Daddy, and Mommy, playing with her. My little sister could even join us.

Tonya broke the kiss, her platinum-blonde hair swaying about her flushed face. She was wearing her school blouse, like me, though we'd both taken off our vests and ties. Her blouse was half-unbuttoned, showing off just a hint of her small breasts' slope. 

A pair of footsteps raced by, one of her siblings racing through the house.

I want to do such naughty things with you, Tonya said, but...

We just have to be quiet, I told her, my large breasts rising and falling in my half-unbuttoned blouse. Her fingers had been naughty while we were kissing. 

Tonya glanced at her bedroom door. She had no lock on it. Light from the hallway spilled beneath the jam. Anyone could barge in on us. It made me feel naughty. My pussy was so juicy at the chance that we both could get caught.

I popped another button through her blouse's eyelet, revealing a hint of her cream-colored bra beneath. We're going to have fun. I brought a pair of vibrators from my mom's collection for us to enjoy.

Tonya shuddered as I undid another button, her blouse open, exposing her breasts cupped in that delicious bra. It had a lacy design on it, so sexy. I was glad my best friend had prayed to God and discovered that lesbian sex was okay.

She had freaked out the first time I'd seduced her. After having that wild weekend with Daddy and Sam, I started thinking about my best friend. I wanted to seduce her into lesbian delight the way Mom did with her friends. So I pounced on Tammy.

I made her cum.

Then she fled.

It grew weird after that. I thought I'd ruined our friendship with my horny lust. Then Dad had talked to her, suggested she pray on her problems, and she did. She'd felt like God had told her it was okay. That there was nothing wrong with girls loving girls.

So I could love her.

I undid the final button and slid her blouse off her shoulder. I leaned in, kissing her shoulder next to her bra strap. I licked her skin as her blouse slid off her shoulders. I reached her neck, nibbling on the nape, my braid of auburn hair swaying down my back. I loved its movement, caressing me through my blouse.

Becky, she moaned. Ooh, I like this. If I get a boyfriend, I know I won't be tempted to give into sex because of you.

Yeah, I said. She didn't know about my incestuous relationship with my family. Whenever you need it, I'm here for you.

She smiled at me as her hands unbuttoned my blouse, revealing my large breasts constrained in a soft-pink bra, lilac lacing trimming the cups. She leaned in and kissed me. Her lips plump and soft on mine. I groaned, our tongues dueling as she shoved my blouse off my shoulders and down my arms. My breasts jiggled and swayed.

She broke the kiss, her hands sliding up to the straps of my bra. She slid them off my shoulders, a naughty gleam in her blue eyes. She was such a transformed girl when we were alone, able to be free and enjoy herself.

Talking echoed from below as she pushed down my bra cups, my pillowy breasts spilling out into her hands. I had inherited breasts almost as big as my mother's, soft and pliant. She dug her fingers into my flesh, shaking them.

Then she darted a head down and sucked on my fat, pink nipple. Pleasure burst from my nub as she loved it. She nibbled on my nub with her soft lips. I groaned, my pussy clenching. This heat shot through me. My eyes widened. This delicious heat swept through me.

Juices soaked my panties. I groaned at the heat soaking out of me. My hips wiggled back and forth, the hair sweeping about my shoulders. I groaned as she nursed and suckled on me. She swirled her tongue around my nubs, caressing me. I whimpered, nibbling on my lower lip.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. 

Her mouth popped off, Beeeeeeckyyyyyy... Not so loud.

Sorry, said as more footsteps echoed. Someone passed outside her door. Her hands squeezed my breasts as she tensed. I'll be quiet. You're just so good at sucking on my nipples.

Tonya's cheeks burned. Then she whimpered in delight and darted her head back down. She sucked back and forth on them. Her delicious lips nibbled on my nipples, sending delight down to my pussy, soaking my panties.

I groaned, my hands reaching behind me. I undid my bra, throwing it to the ground. My toes curled as the pleasure shuddered through me. She made such noisy, wet sounds every time her mouth popped off my nipples. My breasts jiggled while her blue eyes sparkled.

You're just so good at it, I moaned as she engulfed my left nipple, sucking hard for a moment. Her hands kneaded both my tits as she caressed me. 

I slid my hand down her back as she nursed at me. I unfastened her bra. I undid it and slipped it off her shoulders. She released my tits long enough for her bra to come off. My hands found her small breasts. I cupped her little titties, loving their firmness. I thumbed her nipples.

She squealed around my nipple. She nursed with passion. Her tongue darted around my nub. My hips wiggled back and forth, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. My fingers rolled her nubs as she sucked back and forth between mine.

Just such beautiful nipples, she moaned. She engulfed my right nub for a moment of rapturous suckling. Mmm, I love them. She popped my left into her mouth, her cheeks hollowing. 

You're just so naughty, I groaned as stairs creaked, someone heading up them. 

I trembled as those footsteps moved down the hallway. At the same moment, her mouth latched onto my nipple. I squirmed, staring at the door. Shadows passed, the floor creaking. I whimpered as a bedroom door opened and closed. They were in the next room.

I shuddered, fighting the urge to moan louder. I covered my mouth as she suckled hard. My pussy clenched. The person rustled around in the room. I groaned into my hand, muffling my passion as my friend loved my nipples.

The person left, door closing. Their footsteps passed again, shadows flashing in the gap between the door and the carpeted floor. Stairs creaked.

My friend popped her mouth off my nipple. Oh, gosh, this is exciting and terrifying, she moaned, her blue eyes glassy. Are you as wet as me, Becky?

Check for yourself, I said, grabbing my skirt and hauling them up, revealing my pink panties, a lilac bow at the front.

My friend shoved her hand into my panties, caressing through my silky bush to cup my pussy. I groaned as her fingers caressed my sex. I whimpered as she stroked fingers up and down my juicy folds. My friend's eyes lit up.

You are soaked, she moaned. As much as me.

Let's find out, I panted, pleasure tingling through me. My hand shot between her thigh, reaching up beneath her skirt. I found her panties, feeling the soaked crotch. She whimpered as my fingers slipped through the leg hole and rubbed her wet bush and silky labia.

Her juices coated my fingers.

Someone's drenched, I purred. Mmm, you want me to bust out the vibrators?

Are you going to... take my cherry? she asked. I mean... I want my first time to be on my wedding night.

I winked at her. They're small. I think they're called clit rockets. Just for rubbing on the outside. No penetration.

A smile crossed her lips. I hoped to have daddy enjoy her, but if she wanted to wait for the boy she loved, I understood that. Daddy took my cherry, and it was magical, even if Sam was present.

We pulled our hands out of the other's panties. I spun around on the bed, my breasts swaying. I leaned over it to grab my schoolbag, kneeling, my rump pointed at my friend. I shuddered as she flipped up my skirt and tugged down my panties, her hot lips kissing at my rump.

Thank you, Daddy, for talking to her, I thought. And thank you, Lord, for letting her know this was okay.

I shuddered as her tongue licked lower. I snagged my bag as she nuzzled into my bush. Her tongue flicked out through my pussy, caressing my hot folds. I shuddered as she penetrated into me, swirling around. My hands shook as I ripped open my bookbag, the zipper rasping.

It was full of my schoolbooks and notebooks. A pencil case spilled out as she shoved her tongue deep into my twat. I found the velvet bag I put the vibrators into it. I pulled it out as her tongue sent a wave of delight rippling through me.

Mmm, you taste good, my friend moaned.

I shuddered and whirled around, my panties around my knees. You're so naughty, Tonya.

She giggled while someone, probably her father, laughed downstairs. 

I opened her bag and dumped the vibrators into my hands. They were small and pink, shaped like lipstick cases, round at one end and flat at the other. The vinyl body coated the vibrator's interior. I could fee the little bump that was the button. I pressed one and it buzzed to life, the end blurring.

Ooh, that sounds naughty, my friend moaned, her small breasts jiggling as she unzipped her skirt.

Uh-huh, I said as she arched her back and threw her bottom to the side. The skirt fluttered to the floor. Then she shoved off her panties, exposing her blonde bush soaked in her excitement. Her tangy musk filled my nose, mixing with the familiar hint of my spicy pussy.

I handed her the buzzing toy then attacked my own skirt. I squirmed, pulling it off and my panties, my pussy on fire. The bed creaked. Noise rattled in the kitchen. Her mother was making dinner. How much time did we have?

It had to be enough.

Naked, the pair of us lounged against her frilly pillows propped up against the brass frame of her headboard. I threw my left leg over her right, my breasts jiggling. I turned my vibrator on, the two toys humming away.

I hope this isn't too loud, Tonya said, her cheeks flushed.

Want to stop?

She shook her head. I'm too wet!

Me, too, I said.

Mmm, I bet that big, fat clit of yours will love this, she said, bringing the vibrator down to my bush.

My arm crossed hers as I went for her pussy. I gasped as the buzzing end found my clit, a fatter nub than her cute, little bud. My toes curled. My cunt clenched. Rapture shot through me as the toy massaged my aching spot.

Darn, that's good! I moaned.

Quiet, my friend gasped as she rubbed the vibrator around my clit. My juices flowed, staining her pink comforter, creating a wet spot beneath my rump.

Sorry, I whimpered as I thrust the vibrator through her bush to find her pussy.

Her clit.

My friend's back arched at the first contact of the vibrator on her virgin pussy. She threw back her head, rattling the brass frame, the hollow tubes ringing. She whimpered, her leg rubbing against mine, her vibrator pressing harder against my clit.

Pleasure shot through me.

Oh, my gosh, Becky! she moaned, her eyes squeezing shut. Oh, shoot, that's incredible. Oh, yes, yes!

Quiet, I moaned, her mother bustling beneath us in the kitchen. 

Right, right, moaned Tonya, her blue eyes opening. It's just... Geez, this wonderful. It's buzzing. It's sending all these naughty sensations through me.

Uh-huh, I groaned, nodding my head in pure agreement. I licked my lips, my heart thundering in my chest. This pleasure surged through my body as she massaged my clit. My eyes fluttered as the delight trembled through my flesh.

I whined as my body twitched and groaned. My eyes squeezed shut. Stars burst across my vision. I whimpered, my juices spilling out of me. Our legs rubbed together, skin caressing silky skin. Our vibrators danced on each other, hers massaging in slow circles around my clit.

I slid mine up and down her pussy, her juices coating my fingers. Her silky bush caressed my hand as I pleased her. I stared into her eyes, lost in their blue depths as we pleasured each other. She moaned. I gasped.

Her mother banged metal against metal in the kitchen, shouting.

Oh, my gosh, Becky! Tonya shuddered, pressing the vibrator hard against my clit. My thick bud drank in the pleasure. It's... it's... Oh, my gosh.

Uh-huh, I groaned. We're going to explode.

Footsteps thundered up the stairs as we moaned and whined, rubbing those buzzing toys against the other's pussy. The bed creaked as we shifted. Footsteps rushed past the hallway, shadows flashing beneath the door.

This is incredible, she whimpered. Oh, gosh, I'm going to cum so fast.

I nodded my head, a throaty moan bursting from my lips. My pussy clenched, my climax building inside of me, feeding on the buzzing joy that swelled and swelled in me. My eyes fluttered as my juices spilled out of me, the air filled with our passion.

I can't hold back! Tonya moaned as someone rustled through the bathroom. The water hissed on. Oh, yes, yes!

Quiet! I moaned.

Right! she gasped. Then she kissed me.

Hard.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She squealed into my lips. Juices gushed out of her pussy, spilling over my hand. The bed creaked and groaned as her tongue dueled with mine. My eyes squeezed shut as she pressed the clit rocket tight against me.

It popped into my pussy's depths, buzzing and stimulating my sheath.

My cunt convulsed. Pleasure exploded through me. I groaned into her mouth, our tongues dueling. Juices gushed out of me as I shared this wonderful moment of rapture with her. My eyes fluttered, stars bursting across my vision.

It was incredible. It was amazing.

The bathroom door banged open.

I kissed Tonya with such passion, rubbing her pussy with the vibrator as the buzzing toy in my own cunt sent waves after waves through my pussy. Pleasure slammed into my mind again and again, drowning me. It was

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Tonya, Becky, it's almost dinner! her little brother called, hammering on her door.

Okay! Tonya gasped as she broke our kiss, bucking. We'll be down... down... Yes!

What are you two doing in there? he asked.

Studying! I gasped, my orgasms rippling through me. Would he open the door? Would he catch us?

Another climax exploded through me. Powerful. Magnificent. Stars danced before my eyes. Darkness fuzzed along the edges of my vision. The bed creaked and groaned as we thrashed and shuddered. My large breasts heaved. The vibrator buzzed inside my spasming pussy.

BANG!

Stop studying and come eat! he shouted then darted off.

Yes! Tonya gasped, shuddering. Oh, gosh! Oh, that was close!

Uh-huh! I moaned, ripping the vibrator from her. Mmm, I guess we should get out there.

Her eyes widened. We have to clean up!

I giggled as she flew off the bed and grabbed her skirt.

This was going to be a wonderful sleepover. It wasn't the orgy going on at our home. Sam was excited to have her naughty sleepover, confessing her friends were all interested in fucking Daddy. Mom would be joining the fun.

I wasn't one for such big groups. It was better with just a few people. Or one. Daddy, Mommy, Tonya, or Sam were fun one on one. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Linda Davies

Pop her cherry, Mom, Sam moaned. My husband was having fun with Rita and Tammy, fucking those two naughty, teenage sluts and taking their cherries while I got to take Courtney's.

I was so glad Sam wanted this sleepover. It gave my husband the excuse to edit her friends to be into this orgy. I had a feeling my husband made sure I had my own cherry to pop, changing the circumstances of Courtney's life so she wanted to have me break in her pussy with my strap-on.

This would be my first time taking a girl's virginity. I had made love to so many women, but they were all ladies who had sex many times, often with boyfriends or husbands. I gave them their first lesbian sex, of course, but this felt special.

Do it, Mom, Sam said, her petite body straddling her friend's face. Sam's short, fiery hair swelled around her head. Her small breasts jiggled, her pink nipples aching. My daughter was such a cute tomboy, feisty and wild.

Yes, yes, please, Mrs. Davies, Courtney moaned, squirming on the ground as Sam pressed her shaved pussy down on the teenager's mouth.

I groaned, loving Courtney's small breasts jiggling. Her stomach was smooth, hips curving. A trimmed, black bush adorned her pussy. I licked my lips, the flavor of her sweet juices still lingering. Sam and I had eaten Courtney out, getting her ready to lose her virginity.

I lost mine to a high school boyfriend, trying to prove to myself that I was only into guys. It hurt. It sucked. I wished I had given my cherry to my husband. He would have been a better lover than Greg, but I didn't meet my husband until college.

I pressed the dildo into her pussy, sliding it up and down against her hot flesh. Her bush caressed the pink tip. Her juices coated it. I felt resistance as I found the entrance to her pussy. That little hymen that the boys I went to school with would have fought over for the chance to enjoy.

I got to enjoy it because of my husband's powers.

I grinned, loving that I got to advise him. That he trusted me. Together, we would change Rainier for the better. We would make something amazing of our town and the hotties that lived in it. 

Courtney whimpered. Sam shuddered, her friend eating her pussy.

I thrust.

The dildo pressed against my clit. The pleasure soared through me. I groaned in delight as her cherry popped. I buried into her, sliding into her depths. Her flesh engulfed the fake cock as she whimpered into my daughter.

Oh, Courtney, yes! Sam moaned, her back arching, her green eyes flashing. Enjoy it! You're not a virgin any longer!

My daughter sounded so joyful. I loved it. I drew back and then thrust in again. I pumped my cock in and out of Courtney's pussy. I slammed into her, filling her to the brim with my dildo. The girl shuddered, her thighs wrapping around me. She whimpered and squirmed.

I thrust hard, fast. My tits heaved before me. The pleasure surged through me every time I thrust, my clit drinking in the pressure. The rapture spun around me. I was dizzy with the euphoria of this moment.

I made Courtney into a woman.

The fifteen-year-old girl squealed into my daughter's pussy, licking her, feasting on Sam's snatch. My daughter moaned, her hips dancing, grinding her shaved cunt on her friend's face. Sam's green eyes met mine, glowing with passion.

Oh, Mom, she loves it! Sam gasped. Ooh, she's got her tongue shoved deep into me. She's swirling it around.

Good, I moaned, thrusting hard, fast. I pumped my dildo in and out of the girl's snatch, loving the way it vanished into Courtney. Mmm, she's got a juicy cunt.

I bet she does, my daughter said, a wild grin on her face. Ooh, Mommy, this is hot, isn't it?

I nodded my head, my heart pounding in my chest. I pumped harder, faster. I buried again and again into Courtney, my pussy drinking in the sparks flaring from my clit. My back arched, my auburn hair dancing about my shoulders.

Then I gasped as Sam's fingers grabbed my tits with greedy passion. I groaned as my daughter buried her face between them. She squeezed my tits around her face. She worked her head back and forth, caressing me. Teasing me.

Then she kissed at my inner slope. She smooched up my right breast, coming closer and closer to my areola.

Mmm, yes, yes, love Mommy's nipple while she fucks your friend's pussy! I moaned, my juices dribbling down my thighs.

I love sucking on your nipples! Sam moaned, her eyes so bright. We were so close. I was glad it wasn't the original timeline where we fought all the time. I had no memories of it, but Steve did. 

This was better.

We shared a taboo, incestuous passion.

My daughter latched onto my dark-red nipple, nursing on it like she had as a baby. My pussy clenched. The pleasure surged through me. I groaned, my heart screaming through my chest. This amazing rapture rippled through me.

It was incredible.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my gasps mixing with the sound of my husband fucking Rita and Tammy at the other end of the living room. It sounded like he was going back and forth between their pussies.

Kinky.

My daughter sucked with hunger, the pleasure from her nursing shooting down to my pussy. I groaned, dizzy passion swirling through me as my hips pumped forward, driving my dildo into Courtney's pussy.

Yes, yes, yes, Mrs. Davies, she moaned, her voice muffled by my daughter's twat. Ooh, that's good.

Just enjoy it, honey! I groaned, holding my daughter to my breast. My fingers ran through Sam's silky hair as she nursed and suckled.

My nipple throbbed and ached. I squeezed my eyes shut, thrusting hard and fast into my daughter's friend. I filled her to the brim. I slammed into her hard and fast. I pumped away at her, slamming deep into her juicy cunt.

My orgasm built fast. This was so exciting. I broke in the pussy I fucked with my toy. My dildo speared into her depths first. I shuddered, my juices flowing. Every spark of pleasure from my clit fed my growing climax.

Mmm, yes, yes, take my cock, Courtney! I bet you're going to cum on it.

I am, Mrs. Davies!

Sam squealed on my nipple. Her head popped away. Yes, yes, Courtney, suck on my clit! Let's all cum together!

Uh-huh! I moaned as my daughter engulfed my left nipple, sucking with such hunger, my areola tingling, my nub throbbing in her hot mouth.

I slammed hard and fast into Courtney's pussy. I churned the girl up. I pumped deep into her. The pleasure spilled through me. My eyes fluttered as this heat danced inside of me. I groaned, sucking in deep breaths as the delight spilled through me.

My hips danced back and forth. I whimpered, squeezing my eyes shut. My fingers clenched. The pleasure built and built. The rapture fluttered through me. I gasped, my orgasm swelling and swelling, threatening to drown me.

Mrs. Davies! squealed Courtney. Yes, yes, I'm cumming!

Sam's head popped off my nipple. Her flushed face hovered before me, green eyes glassy. Oh, god, I'm going to cum, too. Keep sucking on my clit, Courtney. Keep moaning on it as Mom fucks you and... and... Yes!

My daughter's face contorted in rapture. The pleasure twisted her expression as she threw her arms around my neck. She kissed me hard, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. Her lips tasted faintly of sweet pussy.

Courtney's pussy.

I slammed into the schoolgirl's cumming snatch, the dildo's base almost crushing my clit. My nub loved it. Rapture jolted from my bud and electrified my growing orgasm. My climax burst through me. My pussy convulsed.

Juices gushed out of me.

I whimpered into the incestuous kiss with my daughter. My tongue danced and dueled with hers. The pleasure rippled over me. I groaned, dazed and shuddering from the pleasure spilling through me. I whimpered, my heart hammering in my chest.

It was incredible. This amazing delight. I didn't want it to end. I wanted to savor it forever. My tongue caressed my daughter's as we shared this delight of making love to her friend. My mind drowned beneath the fuzzy bliss.

I reveled in this orgasm.

Sam broke the kiss and howled out, Now Daddy has to fuck you, Courtney!

Breed you, I whimpered, still loving the fact my husband's cum had bred both our daughters and two of the slutty schoolgirl he was fucking at the high school.

Yes, yes, Daddy! whimpered Sam, her eyes fluttering. Courtney wants your dick in her, too!

I threw a look over my shoulder and grinned at the sight of my husband staring at his phone. The two girls he just fucked were kissing. Then they spun around into a sixty-nine, licking each other's pussies.

I grinned at the sexy sight of the dark Rita atop her pale friend.

My husband set down his phone. I arched an eyebrow at him, knowing why he checked his phone.

Too early to know, he said.

Know what? Sam asked. The dumb election for the new mayor?

I swallowed at the reminder someone edited reality to make my husband the next mayor of Rainier. Yeah, I lied. My husband was checking if he'd bred Rita and Tammy. Don't worry about it.

I'm not, Sam said. Come on, Daddy. Fuck my friend. Courtney is all ready for you.

I am, Mr. Davies, moaned the girl, her voice sounding flushed as she shuddered beneath my daughter.

Mmm, she's ripe and eager for it, I said and pulled my strap-on out of her. 

My husband sauntered over, his dick, soaked in two girls' virgin pussy juices, bobbing before him. I couldn't help but suck on his cock when he reached us. I popped my mouth over it, tasting the mixed flavor of the two girls' twats.

He groaned, pleasure crossing his face. I loved pleasing him He had given me an amazing life. He had ensured I was happy all the time, and my new job as the school nurse would give me more opportunity for fun.

Whatever this scheme from the other editor was, I knew we would face it together. We would figure it out. And with my husband as mayor, we would really change Rainier for the better. Ideas already buzzed in my mind about how to do it.

I popped my mouth off his cock, loving the mix of tangy and spicy pussies lingering on my tongue. Go get her, stud, I purred. Pump her full of all that cum.

God, I love you, Linda, my husband groaned as he fell to his knees beside me.

He kissed me hard. My heart beat faster. I loved him, too. My pussy clenched. I was eager for him to fuck Courtney while I took care of our daughter's hot cunt. This sleepover was just getting started.

To be continued...