The light burning behind his eyelids woke James. Gradually, he became aware of the warm weight on him, pinning his right arm. He opened his eyes to find Alec sprawled across him; he could feel his warm breath against his shoulder.

They'd collapsed, the night before -- the strength had gone out of him, and Alec hadn't had any to begin with. He'd barely managed to maneuver the two of them into a relatively comfortable arrangement, to pull the covers up over the two of them. The lights had been out of reach, low priority. He'd drifted off to sleep, Alec still wrapped in his arms.

A wave of nostalgia hit him. How often had they done that -- fucked themselves to exhaustion, and then used the excuse that they were too tired to move to explain away falling asleep in each others' arms.

Always before, the first one to wake would extricate himself gently, shower, dress, start the coffee. Now, tentatively, he reached up to stroke Alec's hair. Gently ran his fingers through the tangled strands.

Alec sighed, shifted, buried his face in the crook of James's neck.

"I'm sorry," James said, pulling his hand away. "I didn't mean to wake you."

"Didn't say you should stop," Alec mumbled.

Tentatively, almost awkwardly, James returned his hand to Alec's hair. Coiled too-long strands around one finger. "You need a haircut," he said, to have something to say.

"Well then," Alec murmured, "I suppose you'll just have to kidnap me a barber."

"I could give you a haircut myself."

"What, with a bowl over my head?" James could hear the smirk in Alec's voice.

Rather than answering, he asked, "How are you feeling?"

"A little sore." Alec raised his head, nipped at James's jaw. "I had a good workout last night."

"Glad you enjoyed it."

"Don't be so smug, James."

"Why not?" He trailed his fingers down Alec's spine, felt a shudder run through him. "It felt like your whole body clenched around my cock."

Alec groaned into the crook of James's neck, and James felt the poke of a stirring erection against his belly.

"You really are insatiable."

"Only around you." Alec's voice was soft, almost confessional. "No one else -- man or woman -- has ever been able to touch me like that."

"Mmm." James slid his arms around Alec. "We've always been good together. In bed, out of it -- " He shivered at the memory -- after nine years, he'd almost managed to forget how responsive Alec was. How good that tight heat felt, when he thrust in. Alec's body arching up to welcome him ...

"Especially out of it," Alec said. "So many creative uses you can put a chair to, or a table -- not to mention some of Q's more specialized equipment -- "

Suddenly, Alec fell silent. James wondered what he was thinking -- of some of their more unorthodox sexual adventures, or of what he had left behind.

Was he regretting it? Somehow, James didn't dare press the issue. Instead, he tried to steer the conversation back to safer territory. "When I think of some of the places we've fucked over the years -- I'm surprised we didn't both end up dead. I mean, all it would have taken would have been one wrong jolt on the box of nitroglycerine -- " He stroked Alec's hair again, but then moved his hand lower, across Alec's back, and down to his waist. "But I wanted to feel you inside me so badly -- wanted your cock in me, almost more than I wanted to live -- "

"Stop!" Alec's voice came out strangled. "Please." His breath was ragged. "James. I can't even stand, much less -- "

"Oh, I suppose I could do all the work again. Straddle you. Ride your cock until we were both -- "

"It's bad enough being flat on my back without you thinking it's funny!" He shifted his weight, grunting with effort, and after a moment of confusion James realized that he was trying to push away, but it was his right arm, still weak almost to the point of uselessness, that was in position. He couldn't even raise himself.

"Hey," James whispered, and stroked Alec's hair. "I'm sorry. I didn't -- I'm sorry."

Alec kept straining, and finally managed to raise his chest -- but he didn't have the strength to complete the maneuver. He flopped back down. Buried his face once more in the crook of James's neck.

"Alec, do you want me to roll you over?"

"I want to do it my own damn self!" His voice was petulant. But he was lying still now, apparently drained. "I'm tired of this, tired of it all."

"Alec ... " James took a deep breath. Slid his fingers into Alec's hair. "You don't need to walk. Don't need to stand. You could always make me hard with just a word, just a look, promising me what I'd get later. Could get me off by barely touching me, just the feel of your hand through my trousers, while you whispered in my ear ... Now he heard his own voice going ragged, and the press of Alec's body on his was almost too much, but neither was he willing to relinquish that warm weight. Not yet.

Not ever.

"James. God. I want -- I need -- "

"Anything," he whispered. "Just name it."

But Alec fell silent. James turned his head, to try and get a glimpse of his face. But Alec's face was buried in the crook of his neck, out of sight. James was afraid if he pushed too hard, he'd only make Alec retreat, make him shut down. Like he had so many times before.

So all he could do was put his arms around Alec, and hold him tight, and hope that it would be enough.