Harry looked at Severus from the corner of his eye and tried to conceal his amusement. Severus was methodically dissecting his dinner, cutting tiny bites and chewing them thoroughly.

By the time Harry had finished, Severus had not eaten even half his food, and Harry sat back, openly observing him. After a moment, Severus looked up to see his eyes fixed on him. He looked back at his plate, then up again with a bewildered expression — and Harry noted, just a hint of exasperation.

“Do I have a stain on my robe? My nose, maybe?”

Harry grinned widely.

“You’re apparently feeling better. And Severus? No matter how long dinner lasts, we’re still going to play tonight.”

A rather ugly brick colour appeared on Severus’s cheeks and he kept his eyes on his food. He put his fork and knife on the table and remained motionless for a moment.

Harry took pity on him.

“Don’t worry. I did say I would not harm you, didn’t I?”

Severus mumbled something that Harry interpreted as, “That’s not what I’m afraid of.” Harry didn’t press him to repeat it, but he carefully filed the information away for future reference.

“Eat now. Finish what’s on your plate. I think that Winky also made your favourite cake for pudding.”

Severus didn’t say anything, but he resumed eating at a more normal pace.

Harry was amazed when he saw dessert arrive; he had expected something dry and almost ascetic, not this decadent, a-thousand-calories-per-spoonful chocolate cake. Severus’s eyes lit up, but he said, “I don’t think my stomach is up to eating that. It’s far too rich.”

“A very small piece, maybe?”

“That wouldn’t be reasonable,” he said, but he was already handing his plate to Harry, who chuckled and served him a thin slice. Severus closed his eyes in rapture as he savoured his first taste. An instant later, Harry understood why; the rich flavour of the chocolate exploded on his tongue and he nearly moaned in ecstasy.

They took their time savouring the cake, and it was nearly half an hour later that they left the dining room.

Once they were inside the playroom, Harry ordered Severus to undress immediately. He was immensely pleased when Severus assumed the kneeling position of his own volition, and he told him so.

The chair Harry conjured was deep and comfortable, and Harry sank into its cushions with a sigh of pleasure. He noted that Severus wasn’t quite as indifferent to the situation as he meant to show.

“Stroke yourself. Make yourself come and tell me what you’re thinking of, what your fantasies are.”

Severus looked rather flustered, but he obediently slipped his hand to his groin, using the heel to press against his rising cock. His breathing grew heavy. He closed his eyes and threw his head back.

“Talk, Severus.” Harry had pitched his voice lower than usual, and Severus opened his mouth in a soundless moan. Harry wondered what it would take to make him cry out.

“I’m in a room, it’s sparsely decorated. I’m standing up, naked. There’s a woman sitting on a sofa. She’s wearing a long dress, blood-red, silk. Also black leather boots with stilleto heels that go above her knees, up to mid-thigh. There’s a bed behind me and she tells me to lie on it. She ties my wrists and ankles to the bedposts and I’m so very hard. I want her to touch me, but she laughs and uses her nails to rake the insides of my thighs.”

Severus was panting by now, his hand almost flying over his cock. Harry was not unaffected by either tale or display, but he forced himself not to touch his own cock.

“She’s handling me, my cock, a little roughly, but I don’t mind. She tells me I cannot come yet and it’s so hard. I’m so hard. And when I think I can’t take anymore, she finally allows me to come, and I do. . .”

So he did, his hand only stopping when he had milked the very last drop. He slumped down, trying to regain his breath. Harry squirmed and adjusted himself discreetly.

Harry waited until Severus was in full possession of his faculties again, then he spread his legs.

“Come here.”

Severus crawled over to the chair on all fours. He sat back on his heels as Harry leant forward to caress his cheek.

“And you tell me you don’t think you’d be a good submissive, Severus? With such a fantasy? That’s denial, my pet.”

Severus looked down. “It’s a weakness.”

Harry was not unacquainted with the feeling. He had met many a sub holding that same opinion.

“It may appear so to the uninitiated, but in truth, to submit willingly demands a great deal of courage and trust, not qualities which are found in weak people.”

Severus nodded, but he still looked unconvinced.

“Now, open my trousers, Severus.”

Severus obeyed, slowly undoing the buttons and pushing the flaps of fabric away. Unrestrained by underwear, Harry’s cock sprang free.

“Wrap your right hand around the base. . . tighter! That’s it. Now move it up and down. Pull the foreskin off the head and lick it. Small licks, with just the tip of your tongue. Yesss. . .”

Severus obeyed every instruction perfectly. Harry threw his head back, savouring the sensation of having someone suck him off exactly as he liked it.

“Push against the slit, I like that. . . Now use the flat of your tongue to lick the head, goood. . . Take the head in your mouth and suck. You can use teeth to scrape the skin behind the head, but very lightly.”

It was tempting to simply abandon himself to Severus’s ministrations but Harry wanted to provide instructions as long as he had enough wits to do so.

“Take me in, as far as you can. Now growl.”

Severus stilled momentarily at that and looked up at Harry.

“Make your throat vibrate, pet.”

Severus’s eyes widened with understanding and he growled. It was too much for Harry. He climaxed, sending his come to the back of Severus’s throat. His poor pet had no time to prepare himself and his mouth was flooded, two trails of come sliding from the corner of his lips.

His now flaccid cock slid out and Harry said, with a voice that was considerably mellower, “Swallow.”

Severus obeyed reluctantly, visibly gagging at the taste. With a word, Harry made what had spilled out disappear. Without bothering to tuck himself in, he pulled Severus to his feet and on his lap, and embraced him.

Severus held himself rigid in his arms and Harry pulled Severus’s head down until it was resting on his shoulder. He kissed the top of his head and whispered, “You’ve been a very good pet tonight.”

Severus shivered at those words and Harry held him more tightly. He rubbed a soothing hand down Severus’s back until he could feel his breathing deepen and even out. Looking down, he saw that Severus was asleep.

Cautiously, he stood up and shifted Severus in his arms. He weighted so very little that Harry didn’t bother to use magic.

He went down to his own bedroom and laid him on the bed. Quickly undressing, he slipped under the sheets and spooned himself up against Severus’s back, who mumbled in his sleep but didn’t move.

On the following morning, Harry was awakened when Severus went suddenly rigid, next to him. Instantly alert, he noted with amusement that Severus’s breathing, much like his own, hadn’t quickened although he was obviously awake.

As an experiment, Harry pushed his morning erection against Severus’s arse. Severus bolted out of the bed, followed by Harry’s chuckles. He watched Harry warily as he summoned his glasses and slipped them on.

“Come back to bed, Severus.”

It was an order, and Severus didn’t mistake it for anything else, even though he was obviously reluctant. He stretched out on his side as far from Harry as the bed would allow. Harry sat up and pulled Severus to the centre of the bed and onto his back.

“Don’t move.”

Harry opened the drawer of his bedside table and took out a length of green ribbon. He dropped it over Severus’s chest and spoke, while imagining a snake. Severus’s eyes widened, and Harry gathered that he was indeed speaking Parseltongue.

“Split into four parts, one for each limb.”

The ribbon neatly separated into four lengths, and each slithered over Severus’s body to reach its goal. Severus looked terrified, and Harry swore under his breath. He hissed a stop at the ribbons.

Turning Severus’s head towards himself, he framed it gently with his hands.

“Severus, are you all right? The ribbons will not hurt you, nor I. I promised and I intend to keep that promise.”

Severus’s black eyes searched his face, and Harry readily opened his mind to his mental probe. After a moment, Severus nodded.

“I. . . I trust you.”

Harry smiled happily. “Good.” He pecked Severus on the lips and released him. The ribbons started to move again, pulling Severus’s limbs with them until he was lying spread-eagled, bound to the bedposts.

“My fantasy. You’re going to act out my fantasy,” Severus said in wonder.

Harry smiled. “You know what that means.”

“I cannot come before you allow me, Master?”

“Indeed.”

Harry crouched on all fours over Severus’s torso, taking great care not to touch his cock. He bent forward and took Severus’s ear lobe in his mouth, sucking and nipping it, then licking along the folds.

He could hear, almost feel, Severus breathing heavily, and gasping when Harry bit the sensitive flesh. He soothed it with broad licks, then kissed his way down the neck and along the collarbone.

Harry shifted until he was kneeling at Severus’s side, his mouth in easy reach of the left nipple, his hand attending to the right one.

“Please, Master, please!”

Severus’s hips bucked, in search of release, and Harry noticed that he was already very red and hard, the head of his cock fully extending from the foreskin. Harry paused and reached to Severus’s face.

“Severus. Do you think you can control yourself, or do you need a little help?”

“H-help, Master?”

Severus’s eyes were slightly glazed over and he seemed to be having trouble concentrating.

“A cock ring. It will constrict the base of your cock and delay ejaculation, though not actually prevent it.”

Severus closed his eyes and remained silent for a second.

“I don’t think I can control myself, Master.”

“I’m glad you’re honest with me, Severus. I’m proud of you.”

Red stained Severus’s cheeks and he kept his eyes obstinately closed. Harry gave Severus another quick peck on the lips and opened the drawer again.

The ring Harry took out was leather with four press studs to adjust the size. Harry liked to use it on himself during particularly long wanking sessions, and he wrapped it expertly around Severus’s cock, not too tight, but enough that Severus would have difficulties coming.

Once that was done, Harry went back to his exploration of Severus’s chest, pinching and biting his nipples until they stood hard and red. Severus seemed to have difficulty breathing, but he whimpered for more when Harry paused momentarily.

“Please, Master. Please let me come.”

“Not yet, Severus.”

He knelt between Severus’s legs. Remembering the fantasy, he raked his nails lightly, then more firmly, on the tender skin of the inside of his thighs. Severus’s hips were undulating on the bed, and his head was thrown back in a silent scream.

Harry stooped to mouth Severus’s balls. He licked them, then took one in his mouth and sucked on it, applying just the tiniest bit of pressure with his teeth. When he judged that Severus’s balls had received enough attention, he turned to his cock.

The first touch of his lips tore a groan from Severus’s throat. Harry locked his lips behind the cock-head and let his tongue swirl and probe. Severus was whispering a litany of please and Harry thought he had tortured him enough.

Still sucking, Harry undid the cock ring and let it fall on the bed. He increased the suction, then pulling back for a second, he said, “You may come, Severus.”

Severus bucked his hips a last time and warm come filled Harry’s mouth. Harry easily swallowed the little there was of it. The tremors of his body lasted a long time.

With a word, Harry released the bonds. He brought himself off quickly and lay back down, pulling Severus against him until he had calmed down.