Archive name: Fertile Valley Reprise - Chapter 14.txt
Authors name: SensualKink (senskin@gmail.com)
Story Title: Fertile Valley - Chapter 14

--------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to the author  2007.  Please
don't remove the author information or make any changes
to this story.  You may post freely to non-commercial
"free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites.
Thank you for your consideration.
--------------------------------------------------------
Fertile Valley - Chapter 14 (families, ped, inc, cons, preg, size)
By SensualKink (SensualKink@erotic-times.com)

***

Author's Note: Credit for this really goes to Jim Davis. 
Without his brilliant original, this would not have 
been possible. I've been a fan of the series for a long
time. I hope no one minds me trying to pick up the 
thread. I would welcome any feedback or ideas. Enjoy. 

***

Chapter 14

As the family left, I found myself with a boner that 
snaked down the leg of my pants, throbbed wildly and 
hurt like a sonofabitch. Watching that young girl clean
up her even younger's son's cum and gently roust his
cum-covered sister to leave made me think of the little
girl in the bathroom I had drowned in cum. I tugged at
the python in my pants and tried to get myself presentable
to go back out into the clinic. 

That was when Maggie walked in. She had a sly grin on her
face and my cock was like insemination radar. It throbbed
wildly and caused a tearing pain at the top of my cock
from the way it was bent downward into my trouser leg. 
She rubbed her bulging belly, the buttons on her white 
nurse's blouse pulling to let her smooth tummy peek 
through. Her breasts seemed even larger to me today. 
She had 4 buttons undone at the top and her inviting 
cleavage spilled out of her top obscenely. 

"Well, well, well," she grinned, closing the little 
conference room door behind her. I noticed it didn't
have a lock on it. "I think Billy got all excited 
watching that little girl get a fat cock shoved up her
pussy and a bath of hot cum, didn't he?"

She sidled up to me until her pregnant belly touched mine.
"And whaddya know? Here stands Maggie with a pregnant
belly and set of big ol tits. I bet you'd like to see
them wouldn't you Billy? Wouldn't you like to see my
big pregnant tits right now?"

I tried to protest, nervous about someone being able to
just walk in on us. There were so many things running
through my head lately that I felt too guilty cheating
on Peggy. There were more important things to worry 
about right now. 

Maggie placed her finger on my lips and shushed me. Her 
other hand slid down my leg and squeezed my turgid cock.
"Ooh Billy! I can't believe this but I think it's even
BIGGER now!" She pushed her bulging tummy into me and 
trailed her finger down my chin and neck until her 
painted nail was (very easily) popping buttons on her
blouse open, one by one. Each pop gave me a better view
of her even more massive tits, flowing up and out of her
lacey bra. 

"Mmmm...your cock sure feels like it could use some relief
Billy." she began pinching it and stroking up and down. I 
was so horny now, I knew I was going to fuck the shit out
of her and it was all I cared about. "You're just a dirty
fucking old man who loves little girls aren't you?" She
giggled popping the last button and letting her useless 
blouse fall from her shoulders. 

"You just love those sweet young things with their tummies
bulging, full of babies. Their angelic little faces with
those heavy tits hanging below them? Hmmm?"

My knees were shaking and I was afraid she was going to 
make me cum down my leg. She had me pegged for sure. 
The sight of pregnant little girls with hips they shouldn't
develop for years made me ache with lust. Their hair in
pigtails and grotesquely proportioned tits bursting out
of their shirts. And those round bellies. A stain of 
pre-cum formed on my pant leg and my balls felt like
they must be as big as balloons.

Maggie had me up against the table now, fumbling to get my
pants open and pulled down. She released the center clasp
on her bra and her voluptuous tits flopped out, huge 
nipples hypnotizing me as they traced circles in the cold
air and grew and grew. "Oh Maggie!" I moaned.

She kissed me lightly on the lips. "Oh Billy! I'm gonna
fuck you five times a day. And each time my belly and my
tits are gonna be bigger and bigger! I'm gonna walk around
all day with your sticky cum leaking out of my pussy. I'm 
gonna bathe in your hot cream, rub it all over my tits and
my smooth tummy. Where my baby's growing. Don't you wish
it was your sperm that was growing a baby inside me?"

My drawers and briefs fell and she gripped my rigid cock 
tightly. I was panting with lust, drooling to get my lips
on her enormous nipples. "Pretty soon, I'll be able to 
squirt warm milk all over your cock and lick it off. Won't
you like that?"

"Oh yes..." I croaked, fighting my urge to throw her down
violently and fuck her until she screamed for mercy. My 
hands ran over her ample ass and up her back. Then I 
smoothed it over her tummy, hissing at the feel of her taut 
skin, bulged out by pregnancy. She pulled my cock up so it 
was squeezed between me and her fat belly, rolling and 
rubbing her pregnant tummy all over my throbbing member. 

She cradled my head and laughed as I attacked her huge 
nipples making love to them with my mouth. "I'll bet you 
walk around at home with a hard-on all the time don't you? 
I've seen your wife. And those girls!! My god Billy, how 
it must turn you on to see all those little girls and their 
big tits busting out of their little girl clothes!" She
cradled my head and directed me from one pulsing nipple 
to the other. "I saw them down at the clothing store 
yesterday and they're all so adorable, proudly walking
around sporting their big new titties. Daddy's little 
girls!" 

Thoughts of Meagan entered my mind. Of my little girls 
sucking my cock, riding my dick, taking my loads of hot 
sperm in their pretty little pussies. I was seriously in 
danger of spewing my cum all over both of us. Maggie noticed. 

She giggled, "You DO get turned on by those little girls 
of yours don't you?" She was gyrating around now, my mouth 
on her tits and my big cock throbbing on her belly getting 
her really hot. The amount of pre-cum leaking from my
pisshole and slicking up her belly was as much as I used to
ejaculate in sperm before the changes started taking place.
"I'll bet you just love it when your wife has to get them
bigger and bigger bras don't you? The only thing that would
be better is if you could stick your big cock in them and 
get them pregnant with your seed, wouldn't it?"

I moaned uncontrollably at the truth of her words, biting and
pulling on her nipples. My hands gripped her ass and I tried 
to pull her onto my raging cock.  

"Oooh, Maggie hit a nerve didn't she lover?" She pushed me back
onto the table and I kicked my shoes and pants off quickly. She
stood there at the edge, her big belly pressing against my balls
The table top was ice cold on my swollen nuts but her belly was
warm. She took my huge cock in both hands and stroked it firmly.
"Daddy wants to fuck his little girls. Squeeze their fat tits
and fill their little pussies with cum!"

She used a chair to help her climb up on the table. She looked 
beautiful above me, with her fat tits jiggling and swaying about.
She wasn't wearing any panties and she began rubbing her sopping
cunt up and down the underside of my aching cock, soaking my
balls with her juices. She bent low over me, letting her rock
hard nipples trail over my chest. She was teasing me for not
giving her my cock whenever she wanted it. I gripped her arms
in savage lust as she giggled and wiggled her ass around. 

I needed to be buried in her hot pussy so bad. She brought
her smiling face near mine and breathed heavy. I looked deep into
her eyes, anticipating that sweet moment when she would wiggle
her sloppy cunt over my aching head and give me relief. "So
when is Daddy gonna give his little girls a good fucking
and make them pregnant?" 

Despite my lust, her words brought out my sense of shame 
and I couldn't look at her. It was one thing to be in the
safety of my own home sharing those wonderful moments with
my girls. It was quite another to have it aired in public
with someone who (despite our past intimacies) was
practically a stranger. 

She read the truth in my eyes and gasped. "Billy! You've
already done it! Haven't you?" I didn't answer, I just
tried to move so I could get my dick in her. I hoped that
once we started fucking she would shut up about this. But 
she wasn't about to forget it now. "You dirty fucker!" she
laughed in glee. "You've already fucked one of them! Which
one?" My head was rubbing in her slick lips now. I kept trying
to thrust up into her but she kept raising her butt, trying
to get me to look at her. She grabbed my chin and made me
face her.

I saw wonder and lust in her pretty eyes. She gasped softly.
"All of them?" I nodded, just wanting to be inside her. 
Anything now if she'd just fuck me. She groaned at my 
admission, rammed her hot pussy down on me and began to kiss
me furiously. I shuddered as her hot cunt slid around me, a 
moan escaping my mouth around her desperate kisses. 

"Oh baby," she cried, swiveling her hips so her pussy rammed
up and down all the way over my shaft. "It turns me on so
much to think of your big dick fucking those sweet little girls!"
She sat back and got her feet under her and began hopping madly
on my cock. I gritted my teeth and tried to hold back the
huge load that was boiling in my balls. She threw her head
back almost triumphantly and her flesh jiggled everywhere.

"Oh, Billy! I saw them all downtown yesterday. I can just
imagine those pretty little faces covered in cum, with your
hot seed making babies grow inside them!" She lost herself
in a shattering orgasm that flooded my cock and balls with
steaming creaminess. She clawed my ribs and rode me like
a madwoman. 

I was mad with lust and I grabbed her meaty hips, ramming her
down on me relentlessly. "I fucked them! I fucked them all!"
I growled. "Meagan fucking seduced me and I came all over her
face and tits." 

Maggie moaned "Yes! Yes!" and had another orgasm. 

"Then they all wanted it," I cried, fucking her in a blur.
"I gave them all my cock. I filled their mouths, covered
them all in hot cum and pumped enough of my sperm in their
little pussies to give them each a litter of puppies!" I was
giving voice to my fantasy, loving how it drove Maggie wild.
And, a part of me knew that I was only expressing what would
soon be a reality. Eventually, I *would* fuck each one of my
girls and proudly watch my seed grow within her. 

Maggie fell on me, shaking from her intense rapid-fire
orgasm. I roughly turned her over, lifted her by the
heels and savagely fucked the shit out of her. We were
both a sweaty mess, her fat ass squeaking across the table
top. I could feel a massive load coming. She could too. She
clawed her fat tits and squealed in ecstacy. 

"And you know the best part?" I asked. She cooed, "What
baby? Please tell me! Please!" She was rubbing her clit
hard and fast, working herself up to an orgasm so it would
coincide with mine. I rammed her harder than ever ready 
to shoot my load now. "They all stopped taking the pill! 
If they weren't pregnant before, they sure as fuck are 
now!!" She exploded with another orgasm and so did I. 

I rammed deep inside her. I could feel my cock lurching. 
I gasped in the profound pleasure that washed through me.
I couldn't see, but it felt like I must be unleashing a 
torrent of cum with each surge of my prick. I had NEVER
felt anything like this before. 

"Oh Billy!" she cried. "Oh baby, I can feel it! There's so
much cum! I wish you could make ME pregnant." I pulled out
to ram her again and a huge amount of thick, white cream
spilled out of her pussy accompanied by farting noises.
"Oooohhhhh! Fill me with your cream baby!!! Mmmmm! It's
so warm and thick, filling my pussy!"

MY cock kept spewing. I just had to see, so I pulled it out.
Amazed, I looked down and watched as my foot long cock, 
nestled in her swollen pussy lips jumped repeatedly. Long
ropes of thick, goo erupted from my head and laced Maggie's
body. "Oh yes!" she bellowed, swiveling her messy cunt
lips up and down below me. She lifted her head to watch
my mighty cock spew more and more of my fiery cum all over
her. She rubbed the sticky, pearly mess all over her fat
belly and tits. Much of it made it to her face and she
playfully tried to catch it like a kid catching snowflakes. 
It laced her hair, covered her and she was beautiful. 

Finally, the length of the squirts dwindled and my cock 
subsided into burbles and then oozes of thick jism. 
I was shuddering with the magnitude of my orgasm. It had
been the most pleasurable experience of my life. Maggie
moaned and writhed, her hands smearing what looked like a
gallon of spermy icing all over herself. 

I leaned my shaking elbows on her bent knees and panted 
like I'd just run a marathon. She was moaning and lifting
palm-fulls of thick goo to her lips and slurping it up
hungrily. It was such a turn on my cock just kept jumping
and dripping cream. I was shocked to realize that it
would not be very long before I could do it to her all
over again. 

"Oh Billy, that was so wonderful. I love your cum so much!
Look at how much is in my pussy too! I bet my baby is 
swimming in your white cream. Mmmmmm! Slurp, slup, gulp.
Mmmmmm!!!"

I looked down to see a white river of my ball cream oozing 
from her pouting pink lips and it made me throb even more.
I took my aching cock and played in the thick puddle that
was gathering under her ass. 

"Mmmmm!" she moaned. "Scoop that onto my tummy so I can eat
it too!" she cooed hoarsely. I obliged her, feeling proud 
at the prodigious load I had shot. She moaned and writhed
when I held my cock at her pussy lips and let her push
a slimey mix of our cum all over my cock. I then stood up
and very carefully walked around the table. "Ooooh, feed
me your cum Billy!" she yearned.

I held my head over her open lips and tilted my cock down. 
The thick slime slid off my huge penis and gathered on her
tongue. She played with it, rolling her tongue around and
showing me our love mixed together before she swallowed it

I sank into a chair, watching her like some twisted goddess
of every man's desire to have his cock and cum worshipped
by a woman. She cleaned up as much as she could and fed 
herself. Then she squatted on the table and pissed slime
into her palm repeatedly and licked it up, laughing at the
lust it induced in my wide eyes. 

"We better go get cleaned up, sugar.The feds are snooping
around. And that's all we need is to explain us fucking
like animals on the table along with everything else, eh?"

And my cock deflated like a spent balloon. How WAS I going
to explain everything? I was part of what was going on
here in Fertile Valley now. Not just an innocent bystander
anymore. My heart raced, not with lust now, but with 
sheer panic. What was I going to tell Peggy? I had
possibly impregnated two of our daughters now!

I joined Maggie in the shower and we shared a very sensual
time, soaping and washing each other. She tried to console
me as she could see I was distressed. It helped only a 
little but I almost became aroused again while nuzzling
her sopping wet tits. 

She was satisfied now and ready to get down to work. She
positively beamed and glowed. I was worried about our
relationship. In my mind, it was becoming about more than
just animal lust. People in a small town would talk. Just
one more thing to add to the list of recent worries. 

We decided to drive over to the farm I had passed the
other day. I thought that maybe by amassing enough 
evidence I could keep the feds busy with their 
investigation and divert any unwanted attention to my
own family, my own indiscretions. I was probably fooling
myself, but my scientific instincts still had me fired
up with curiosity (and a little outrage) at what was
being perpetrated in Fertile Valley. I wanted to get to 
the bottom of this...