Tina Tormented Ch. 01
by PAS©
Tina stood in the jacuzzi facing the pool. Her right foot raised onto the seat allowing the jet stream in the side, above the seat, to pound directly into her crotch. The 23-year-old Vietnamese girl did not care that the two men sitting in the jacuzzi probably knew that she was in the midst of orgasm thanks to the jet. In fact, she got off on the thought that they probably did know, and would have to sit there after she left waiting for their erections to go down before they could get out themselves.

Tina's orgasm complete, she sauntered out of the jacuzzi, walked over to the pool and dove in for a quick swim to cool down. 

She was a very pretty woman. Short, standing only one inch over five feet, with a thing but sexy body and firm 34B breast. She climbed out of the pool on the other side, grabbed her towel and began drying off, then brushed her long black hair before heading to the locker room.

Tina was 23 and married. But her husband was always busy at work and didn't like to go out much. Tina worked part time just to get out of the house. And enjoyed coming to the local Rec Center to swim, exorcise and keep in shape.

She also enjoyed teasing men. Being Vietnamese she found it easier to get away with simple acts of discretion. In truth, Tina was American. Both of her birth parents for Vietnamese, but she had been adopted before her second birthday and was raised by an American family. But she could use her Asian looks to get away with acting in ways that most people would know better than try. And she really enjoyed giving men around her brief glimpses of nipple, or anything else she could do to tease them. 

Tina had not been completely faithful to her husband either. There had been two affairs that he had no knowledge of. And Tina knew that she had to keep it that way. The affairs had been nothing more than sexual tryst for her. The most recent had been with one of the lifeguards here at the pool.

As she walked to the locker room, two pairs of eyes followed her every movement.

Jennifer and Rhonda sat on their exorcise bikes, in a side room overlooking the pool, watching her. Both girls detested the pretty Asian woman. Jennifer had more reason than most. She had been dating the lifeguard who Tina lured away, before casting him aside once finished with him. But even if had not been for that they would not have liked her just because they despised the way she flaunted her tiny body around teasing the men.

Both Jennifer and Rhonda were attractive women. Jennifer was only a little taller than Tina. She had long brown hair that was usually worn, just as now, in a ponytail. She was a few pounds overweight, but that was lost on anyone looking at her pretty face or her ample 38C bust.

Rhonda was taller, not as pretty as Jennifer but with a nice body, firm 34c breast and fiery red hair. She also worked for the Rec Center.

Both girls had watched Tina's display in the jaccuzzi and decided that someone needed to teach her a lesson. Looking at the clock and seeing that it was closing time they decided that tonight would be the perfect time to do so. 

The only rooms occupied were the swimming pool and the basketball court. And there were not too many people in either. The weight room was empty, and it was right next to the lady's locker room. With Rhonda in possession of a set of keys they knew that it would serve their purpose quite well.

Tina showered off, then put on her short exorcise shorts, tank top and tennis shoes, stuffing everything else into her bag. She stood before the mirror, looking at her nipples protruding through the tank top and wondering if anyone would be in the hall to see her. Then she walked out of the locker room.

Rhonda was in the doorway of the weight room.

"Hey, Tina. Can you help me move something real quick?" The redhead asked.

"Sure." Tina agreed, turning and walking into the room ahead of Rhonda.

She was surprised to find Jennifer in the room. Then she heard the door shut and lock behind her.

"What the fuck is going on?" She demanded.

"We think it's time somebody taught you a lesson." Jennifer said.

Tina stepped out from between the two women. "You can't do this, I'll call the cops. And you'll lose you job if you beat me up, Rhonda." Tina said, trying to talk her way out of this situation.

"Shit, Tina. We're not going to kick your ass." Rhonda said. "We figure that since you like teasing everyone with that body, and you can't get enough cock at home to fill your pussy that maybe we can help you out by seeing if we can stuff it full enough to satisfy you."

Tina tries to call for help, but before she could react the two women were upon her, wrestling her to the floor. Jennifer held her hands over Tina's mouth until Rhonda could grab a rag and shove it into her mouth. Then they took a cord from the desk and tied it around Tina's mouth and head, effectively gagging her. They held her arms behind her back and tied her wrist together with another cord.

Tina screamed against her gag but little could be heard. She knew that there was probably no one around to hear her cries anyway. She tried kicking as the two girls pulled her shorts off and panties off, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy. Then they tore her tank top from her body, leaving Tina naked and vulnerable.

"Look at those perky titties." Jennifer said as she began pinching each of Tina's nipples.

Tina flinched in pain as the girls began taking turn pinching and pulling her tender nipples. 

"Let's see if we can get her clit as hard as her nipples." Rhonda said.

Tina tried to roll away but was held down by the two girls as Rhonda began running her fingers along Tina's slit. She rubbed Tina's clit first, stimulating it to come out of its hood. Then she grabbed it with her thumb and forefinger and squeezed it tightly.

Tina screamed against the gag as her body spasmed.

"Awe, maybe you want something up in there instead." Rhonda said as she pushed two fingers into Tina's pussy and began fucking her with them.

Tina's pussy was still sensitive after having an orgasm less than half an hour earlier. She felt her juices begin to flow as Rhonda's fingers penetrated her. She bit into the gag as Jennifer added to the stimulation by playing with both of her nipples at the same time.

"Grab me a dumbbell bar." Rhonda said.

Jennifer got up and ran to the weight rack. Seeing a short barbell without any weights attached she grabbed it and returned to the two girls, holding it before the wide eyed Tina. 

"Bet you never had a cock this hard in you before." She said as she handed it to Rhonda.

Tina thrust her hips up and down and side to side trying to avoid the metal bar that Rhonda was lining up with her pussy. She cried out as the redhead pushed it between her wet lips, then began using it to fuck her with deep measured strokes. 

Her pussy instinctively gripped the cold metal rod that was impaling her. To make matters worse, Rhonda was using her free hand to massage her swollen clit as she rammed the barbell into her.

"God this is a fucking turn on!" Jennifer said. "I'm wet as hell watching you fuck her with that."

"Me too, why don't we make her get us off too." Rhonda suggested.

Tina couldn't believe what she was hearing. Jennifer liked the suggestion and began pulling her shorts and panties off immediately. "Let's see how good you eat pussy." She said and she knelt down, straddling Tina's chest and began untying the gag.

"Please stop." Tina pleaded. 

Anything else she was going to say was lost as Jennifer slid forward, pressing her shaved pussy lips against Tina's mouth. "Lick my cunt!" She ordered as she began grinding her wet crotch on Tina's face.

Tina's head was pinned between Jennifer's knees, preventing her from turning her head in either direction. She could taste Jennifer's pussy on her lips and knew that she had no choice but to comply. So she slowly parted her lips and stuck her tongue out and began licking her tormentor's pussy.

"Oh yes, that feels good. Eat my cunt!" Jennifer cried out as she rocked her hips on Tina's pretty face.

Tina licked Jennifer's pussy, feeling the metal bar continuing to fuck her. She wanted nothing more than to escape, but knew that there was powerless to do so. Even if she could, there was nothing she could do about it. To call the police would eventually mean that her husband would find out about her affair with Jennifer's ex. So she had to endure this without ever saying anything.

Worse, she could feel her body beginning to respond to the fucking that she was receiving.

Jennifer was enjoying the fact that she was making Tina lick her pussy. She wanted to cum on Tina's pretty face. Wanted to humiliate her by spilling her juices all over her mouth and tongue. To let her know that she couldn't get away with fucking her boyfriend like she did.

She could feel her climax approaching and leaned forward to make sure that Tina's tongue would stay on her clit. "Make me cum!" She insisted as she ground her pussy against Tina's mouth. 

"Oh, fuck yes! I'm cumming!" Jennifer cried out as she jerked about atop the other girl.

Jennifer rolled off of Tina. Her breast heaved as she breathed hard following her orgasm. 

"Did you like eating my pussy, Tina?" Jennifer asked scornfully. "It sure felt good cumming on your pretty little face."

"My turn," Rhonda said. "You can fuck her with this while she eats my pussy."

"I've got a better idea." Jennifer said, hopping to her feet and rushing to a table in the corner of the room. There she found a large rubber tube about ten inches long. It was a little over one inch thick at one end and grew slightly to three inches at it's base. Jennifer grabbed it and then grabbed a weight lifting belt. 

"I think I'll fuck her with this instead. Bring her over here."

Rhonda pulled Tina to her feet and dragged her over to the table. As she did so, Jennifer put the belt on backwards, keeping it low around her hips with the hoop in the front instead of the back. She then forced the rubber tube through the hoop so that it hung before her like a large cock.

"Suck this and get it wet enough for you." She ordered.

Rhonda pushed Tina to her knees before Jennifer. Tina reluctantly leaned forward and began sucking the hard rubber. Rhonda removed her shorts and panties while watching the spectacle before her.

"Lay on the table." Jennifer told her.

Rhonda hopped on the table and leaned back. Spreading her legs to show her perfectly cropped thick red bush. 

"Now you can eat Rhonda's cunt." Jennifer said.

Tina was forced to bend over at the edge of the table, her face buried in Rhonda's crotch. As she did so Jennifer stood behind her and began pushing the rubber tube into her pussy. 

Tina jerked as she was impaled by the fake cock. The farther it went inside her the wider it got.

"Please, no farther." She begged.

"Shut up and start licking that pussy." Jennifer replied. Now I'm gonna fuck you just like you let Brian fuck you. And I'm not going to stop until you make Rhonda cum."

Tina gasped as Jennifer forced the tube inside her all the way until she felt Jennifer's belt against her ass. Then Jennifer began fucking her without mercy. Tina began licking Rhonda's pussy, hoping to make her cum as quickly as possible. 

Jennifer pounded Tina's pussy, enjoying the revenge on the little tramp that stole her boyfriend from her. She wanted to make this a fucking that Tina would never forget.

Rhonda grabbed Tina's hair, pulling her face tight against her twat as the girl licked her throbbing clit.

Tina licked Rhonda's pussy while jerking back and forth as Jennifer pounded her pussy from behind. Without realizing it she began fucking back. She suddenly realized that Jennifer was going to make her climax if she didn't stop soon.

Tina focused on Rhonda's pussy, doing her best to make the girl laying before her orgasm in order to escape being forced to cum for them. She could feel Rhonda's hips thrusting up and down in enjoyment. The redhead let go of her hair and began fondling her own breast; satisfied that Tina was not going to stop what she was doing.

Jennifer continued ramming Tina's tiny pussy. Watching in awe as it spread open to accept the full width of the rubber tube, only to clamp down on it as it pulled out. The sight of Tina fucking back was not lost on her and she was determined to force her to climax.

Rhonda began moaning in ecstasy as or climax began. The redhead shivered on the table as Tina's tongue brought her to a much-needed orgasm.

Feeling Rhonda's orgasm subsiding, Tina raised her head. She could feel the juice from both women on her face. 

Jennifer continued fucking Tina. She could hear the smaller girl beginning to gasp, and knew that she would orgasm soon.

"Please stop." Tina begged between breaths. But Jennifer was not about to quit.

Tina tried to hold back, but it was no use. Her body spasmed as the thick rubber tube invading her cunt pushed her over the edge. 

"Ohhhh." She cried out as she began to orgasm.

"Cum, bitch, cum!" Jennifer cried out as she rammed Tina's pussy harder and faster enjoying making her orgasm against her will.

Tina moaned in unwanted delight. Unable to deny the pleasure running throughout her body as Jennifer slammed her pretend cock into her from behind.

"Well that was different." Rhonda said with a grin as she pushed Tina away from her and slid off of the table.

Jennifer pulled the rubber tube out of Tina's pussy. It hung before her shiny and wet from Tina's juice.

"Please untie me and let me go." Tina begged.

Jennifer laughed. "Oh you're not through yet. Since you like showing off in front of the guys we're going to give them the chance to see more of you. Tie her to the bench."

Tina groaned as the two girls grabbed her... 

Tina Tormented Ch. 02
Tina pulled on the bonds that held her in place on the short workout bench. She was still naked, with her legs pulled as far apart as they could possibly go with her ass just hanging off the edge. Her arms were pulled down and tied to the legs and her head hung over the back. 

She had stopped begging Jennifer to let her go, realizing that the more she begged the more it pleased her tormentor.

Jennifer was now dressed after forcing Tina to satisfy her orally, then fucking her with a large makeshift dildo while she had been forced to orally pleasure Jennifer's friend, Rhonda.

Rhonda had left the room to gather up any of the men who happened to still be in the building. Jennifer told Tina that since she enjoyed using the jacuzzi to get herself off in front of the men, that she was now going to be forced to play with her pussy in front of them.

After two orgasms already, Tina wasn't looking forward to masturbating again so soon. Especially not in front of a group of people who knew that she was doing it for them. It was one thing to pretend to accidentally show her nipple while bending over. Or to get herself off using the jets in the jacuzzi while she acted like she didn't know others realized what she was doing. But this was going to be humiliating. And she could tell from the look on Jennifer's face that she was going to enjoy watching Tina humiliate herself.

The door opened and Rhonda returned, leading six men into the room. Tina recognized four of them at once. Billy and Charles were to men in their late twenties that she spoke too in passing. Both men were attractive, both standing about six feet tall, with short dark hair and firm bodies. Tina had allowed each of them to peak down her shirt at times, accidentally of course.

She recognized the other two, but had never known their names. One was overweight and plain looking. He looked to be in his mid to late thirties. Tina had often caught him watching her while she worked out. She knew that she had teased him as part of a group, but had never focused on him at any time.

The other was one of the men who had been in the jacuzzi tonight when she had stood there allowing the stream to flow into her crotch, bringing her to orgasm in front of him and another man. He was good looking, probably in his late thirties and showed touches of gray on the sides of his hair. 

Tina had never seen the other two, who looked to be around twenty. Both were tall, average looking men with slightly longer hair. But not unattractive. 

The six of them made appreciative and lewd comments as they stood about looking at Tina's fully exposed body.

Jennifer leaned over and unfastened Tina's right arm. "OK, now it's time for you to show everyone how you play with your pussy."

Tina wished that she could disappear. She loved exhibiting herself, but always when it was supposed to be accidental, and when she was in control. Now she was being forced to do this in front of them. She wanted to refuse, but thought that Jennifer and Rhonda might do something worse if she did. So she decided that the sooner she got this over with the better.

Slowly Tina raised her right hand, slid it down between her legs and began to rub her pussy.

After being stimulated to a pair of orgasms already it didn't take long for her juices to begin flowing. Her clit swelled up and she began stroking it, softly at first. But with more intensity as the desire between her legs began to grow.

All six men were bulging in their shorts as they watched Tina masturbating for them. Tina blushed as she felt her climax approaching. She could see by the clock on the wall that she had only been rubbing herself for three minutes and she was nearing orgasm already.

Her hand began working her love button harder. She could feel fluid trickle out of her slit and down the crack of her ass. She blushed as she caught herself moaning aloud as her climax began.

Tina's legs trembled; she breathed heavily and could not stifle the sounds escaping her throat as her third orgasm in less than an hour raged throughout her body. Her hips bounced up and down and she tried to ignore the jeers of the men who were cheering her on as she continued.

Finally it was over. She dropped her hand to the floor and closed her eyes, trying to pretend that no one else was there looking at her as she caught her breath.

She felt someone grab her free arm and before she thought about it and opened her eyes Jennifer had resecured it to the leg.

"All right guys, she's yours to do with as you will." Jennifer announced.

"No!" Tina yelled as her eyes opened wide in fear.

She looked at the six men, each of them bulging in the shorts. She realized that this had been Jennifer and Rhonda's intent all along. First they force her to eat their pussies, then continue the humiliation by making her wank off in front of everyone. But what they had in store for her from the beginning was to have her gang raped as revenge for stealing Jennifer's boyfriend.

The overweight man was quicker than the rest. Tina cringed when she saw him drop his shorts and rush over to stand between her legs. The bench had been raised to just the right height for the average man. Now he was standing there, his six-inch cock hard and ready to plow Tina's pussy.

"Please don't do this to me." She begged. But he ignored her and drove his cock inside her cunt.

Billy came around the other end. Tina looked up to see him approaching her head, stroking what had to be at least eight inches of thick cock.

"Suck this." He said, rubbing it against Tina's pretty face.

Tina kept her mouth closed. Then Billy pinched her nose, holding it until she had to open her mouth to breathe. He then thrust his pole down her throat and began fucking her face.

Hands played with her B cup titties as she was fucked in the pussy and mouth. She could hear Jennifer and Rhonda cheering them men on as they raped her.

The man fucking her pussy began pumping more quickly. Tina realized that he was about to cum. She tried to wrestle her body, praying that he would pull out of her. She had cheated on her husband, but always used condoms to make sure that she didn't get pregnant, or worse. Now this man was about to spew his cum inside her if she didn't do something to stop him.

But there was nothing she could do. He held her hips and thrust harder and faster. Then Tina could feel his cock exploding inside her. Coating her insides with his cum as he came at her expense. 

He withdrew his cock and was quickly replaced by one of the younger, unknown men. As he began fucking her, Billy began thrusting his rod deeper into her mouth. Then, without any warning, she felt his cum blasting down her throat. Tina gulped it down as quickly as she could in order to prevent gagging. Billy trembled as he continued to cum in her mouth.

The other young man stepped up to her face as Billy backed away. Tina didn't resist this time, but instead opened her mouth to accept his cock.

The two buddies fucked Tina from both ends, working with a rhythm that suggested that this wasn't the first time they shared a girl. Tina rocked her head as best she could to match strokes with the cock thrusting in her mouth. She suddenly realized that her pussy was beginning to respond once more.

"Oh yes!" The man fucking her pussy cried out as he buried his cock deep inside her. Then Tina felt him spilling his seed inside her. 

As wet as her pussy was she almost regretted it when she felt him slide out of her worn hole. She shamelessly waited for the next cock to fill her, knowing that she would climax almost immediately.

Charles stepped up to take his turn. He rubbed his cock up and down Tina's sopping wet snatch and she waited for him to push into her. 

Just as she was anticipating Charles' cock entering her the man above her began cumming in her mouth. Tina gulped his seed down as he unloaded.

Then she realized that Charles had changed positions. His cock had slid down below her pussy and was pressing against her asshole.

"No, not there!" She cried out, as her mouth became free.

"Yes, fuck her ass!" Jennifer cried out. 

Tina begged Charles to stop, but he was intent on popping Tina's tight little asshole. With all of her own juices mixed with two loads of cum dripping down into her crack he had little problem lubing his cockhead for the task.

Charles pressed forward. Tina tried to clench tightly to prevent him from gaining entrance. But that only brought more discomfort upon her. Charles pressed through her anal ring with a sudden burst. Tina felt the pain of his invasion wrack throughout her body. Then he was inside her ass and fucking her with long, deep strokes.

The two girls cheered as Charles pounded Tina's butt. 

Charles had lusted over Tina often. It didn't take much for him to see through her charade. He knew that she was a little tramp and had fantasized about pounding her asshole for sometime now. He could not believe that he was actually doing this.

Tina jerked around on the bench as Charles plowed her asshole for all it was worth. 

"I'm gonna cum in your ass, baby!" He bellowed as he began banging her more quickly.

"Ahhhhhhh." Charles began cumming in Tina's ass. Enjoying the sight of her being bounced back and forth on his thick cock. When he had finished her jerked his cock free.

Tina cried out as his dick exited her asshole with a pop. She felt as if she was going to crap on the floor as he did so. Tina lay there shivering, waiting for the final man.

The graying man who had been in the jacuzzi stepped up between her legs. His cock was almost as large as Billy's. She groaned when she felt him press it up against her asshole. Then, he too was inside her ass and fucking her. His cock rammed deeper than Charle's, causing her more discomfort. But to Tina's relief he did so for only a minute before pulling free.

"Just wanted see how well you could take that," He said with a grin. "But I really want that cunt."

He pushed his cock inside her pussy and began fucking her hard and fast. Tina's head began to roll from side to side as she felt the tingling inside her growing.

"Ohhhhhhh!" She called out as her fourth orgasm ripped through her. This one was perhaps the most powerful she had ever felt. Tina's body shook uncontrollably as she climaxed.

The man from the jacuzzi was enjoying making the tiny woman orgasm almost as much as himself. He pounded her pussy harder as his own climax released. Not stopping until every last drop of cum had been drained from his cock.

Satisfied, the six men redressed and left, offering their final comments of gratification to Jennifer and Rhonda for giving them the opportunity to teach Tina this lesson.

After they left they untied Tina, helped her to the door and pushed her outside. Tina quickly pulled her shorts on, but found her top unusable as torn as it was. She grabbed her purse and made her way to the car in the darkness without being seen. But she found the drive home not as private. As three times she found herself sitting at a light next to a car or truck with at least one guy looking over at her sitting their topless. She rushed home, covered herself and raced inside, happy that her husband wasn't awake.

Tina showered off, reliving her ordeal, and knowing that she would forever keep quiet about it. 

Tina crawled into bed beside her husband. Who woke up and rolled over to her.

"Oh shit," She thought. "Now he wants to fuck too."

Tina had to comply. Her husband may have wondered why his wife wasn't as tight as usual. But the cries of her multiple orgasms were all that remained on his mind as Tina's fifth orgasm of the night consumed her before her husband's cum was added to the rest that was already inside her. 
