The Notebook: Poor Ryuzaki-sensei

A/N: So… we haven't updated in a while. Sorry about that. When you're doing monthly updates, you forget you're supposed to update. But we have a schedule now. There are three chapters left after this, so there'll be another chapter on the twentieth of this month, and the last two will be on the tenth and twentieth of March, respectively.

Disclaimer: Konomi-sensei's.

Warnings: Uh… the usual, I guess. There's no major lemon in this chapter. Some lime, I guess. And MomoKai, but it is completely not described because we both have legitimate hate for that pairing.

Inui slammed on the brakes. He looked back at Oishi, glasses glinting. "There is only a sixteen percent chance you're joking. What are you talking about?"

Kaidoh's face was in his hands. Momo seemed to be inspecting something interesting on his jeans.

"Well, haven't you noticed it? The way they fight-it's obvious they're attracted to each other and it's manifesting itself in aggression. I'm sure if they just do it they won't have this problem anymore."

Inui blinked. "Kaoru? Do you really feel that way?"

"I don't even know anymore," Kaidoh mumbled from behind his hands. "I don't want to."

"Momo-sempai, I don't care if you do it with Kaidoh-sempai," Ryoma said flatly. "As long as you don't do it more than once."

"I will agree if allowed to watch," Inui said, turning his attention back to driving.

"You're not supposed to agree!" Kaidoh thought his voice sounded rather whiney.

"But the data I could collect!"

"Oishi's plotting something," Eiji said, looking at the birds nest Fuji held in his lap.

"Oishi plots?" Taka asked from the passenger seat.

"Yep, that's why he insisted he ride in that car." Eiji looked over his shoulder briefly at the car following them closely. They appeared to be talking.

"This should be interesting," Fuji said, running a finger over the smooth warm shell of one of the two blue eggs.

"Let's hope he doesn't break up with you again, Kikumaru…" Tezuka quipped, only half-joking, while he pulled into the driveway and got out to unlock the gate.

"You don't think..." Eiji looked worriedly at Fuji.

"If he does, Mitsu and I will make him regret it." Fuji laced his fingers with Eiji's in the redhead's lap.

"Technically," Ryoma said casually, "you two have to do whatever we want for the rest of the day anyway."

"Ryoma. You wouldn't actually make me... do it with the Mamushi, would you?"

Ryoma shrugged. "I think Oishi-senpai's right. And the fighting gets really annoying."

"And the data," Inui said again. "Both during the sex and after, it'd be excellent insight-"

"If we're gonna do it I don't want anyone watching!" Momo protested.

"If someone's not watching, you won't do it," Oishi said.

"Then I want Ryoma in the room too."

"No! Why would I want to watch you and Kaidoh-sempai have sex?"

"For moral support!"

Eiji got out of the car feeling very insecure. He decided to be blunt about it and just ask Oishi. He walked up the car the others were getting out of and stood in front of the vice captain, arms crossed and frowning ever so slightly.

"Oishi, are you breaking up with me?"

"What?"

"You're plotting! And last time you plotted you broke up with me!"

"What on Earth? No, Eiji, I'm not breaking up with you." Oishi shook his head with an almost paternal smile.

"Really?" The difference in Eiji's expression and body language was night and day. He glomped Oishi and kissed his cheek, refusing to let go.

"Really, I needed to talk to Inui and Echizen about letting Momo and Kaidoh have sex because they were too scared to do it themselves."

"Oh." Eiji blinked. "Okay then."

Inui, Kaidoh, Momo, and Echizen were in the latter pair's bedroom, Momo and Kaidoh on the bed and Inui and Ryoma on the couch.

"Well?" Inui said impatiently, opening his notebook. "Are you going to do it?"

Momo and Kaidoh looked at each other, then looked away quickly.

"Momo-sempai," Ryoma said, sipping Ponta, "I'm not waiting here all day. Just get on with it."

"Well..." Momo scratched his head awkwardly. "No kissing."

"Duh," Kaidoh muttered, flushing.

An hour later, the four of them left the room, Momo and Kaidoh scurrying in opposite directions and Ryoma and Inui walking casually toward the staircase.

"That was certainly an interesting experience," Inui said, still scribbling in his notebook.

Ryoma shrugged. "I guess. I've never watched anyone do it before. Especially not that angrily."

"Kaidoh almost had Momoshiro, but he ended up on the bottom," Inui murmured. "This perhaps gives me more insight into Kaoru's role as an uke and just how deeply ingrained it is in him to submit sexually..."

"And since Kaidoh-sempai and Momo-sempai don't ever want to be in a room together again, they won't be fighting," Ryoma said brightly.

"So, did it go okay?" Oishi asked, looking over the cards he had in his hand.

"It was interesting." Light glinted in Inui's glasses.

"Talking during Mao." Fuji placed a card off the top of a face down stack in front of Oishi.

"Point of order then." Oishi set down his cards, as did the other four.

"Who bottomed?" Fuji asked.

"You're the one who came up with that hierarchy..." Tezuka grumbled.

"It's probably different with Momo and Kaidoh. They're rivals so it's probably not quite as simple as..." Taka could feel the looks he was getting. "Just because I'm straight doesn't mean I don't pay attention to how it works!"

"Kaoru did." Inui sat down on the couch behind Oishi and Eiji.

"Anyways! Point taken!" Eiji picked up his cards.

Tezuka placed a red face card down on the table. "Redheads are sexy."

Fuji picked up the card he had placed down and one from the draw pile. "Not saying the correct phrase." He laid down a card.

Ryoma trailed into the kitchen to get a ponta, nodding at Momo, who was sitting at the table, in greeting.

"Inui-sempai?" Kaidoh stood at the bottom of the stairs.

"Yes, Kaoru?" He was watching the game of Mao intently. They had established several rules. One was to say "redheads are super sexy" when placing a red face card, and another was to sing and act out the Seigaku cheer Ryuzaki's granddaughter had created their third year of junior high tennis when putting an ace on the pile. The rule he hadn't figured out involved grabbing Tezuka's crotch and had only been done by Fuji so far.

"Can we talk?"

Inui's brows knitted, but he stood and followed the kouhai up the stairs.

"Point of order," Eiji said, "That can't be good."

"No, it can't." Fuji set his cards on the table.

Momo ignored him.

"Ne, Momo-sempai," Ryoma said, nudging the side of Momo's head. "Stop sulking."

"'M not sulking," Momo replied sulkily.

"I bet Kaidoh-sempai's taking this much better than you are, Momo-sempai. Stop being such a baby."

Momo shrugged.

Ryoma sighed and sat next to the power player, thinking that perhaps this one time he would play the supportive boyfriend role. "At least you topped."

"Yeah..." Momo smiled. "Thanks, Echizen."

"No problem. Want me to... take your mind off it?"

Momo raised an eyebrow. "Forward today, are we?"

"Well, I did just watch my boyfriend screw another guy. I'm about two parts horny and three parts possessive, so get upstairs because I won't be in this sort of mood for a long time."

"Inui-sempai." Kaidoh sat on their bed. "Could you…" He trailed off.

Inui sat down next to the younger boy. He could see the water beading at the end of Kaidoh's locks. Red patches had formed on the snake boy's skin where he had scrubbed it in the shower, and there were finger shaped bruises on his arms above his elbows.

"There was an eighty-six percent chance you would feel insecure after this."

Red tinged Kaidoh's cheeks.

Inui slid his glasses off his face and set them lightly on the nightstand. "Kaoru, yesterday we talked about the possibility of another seme approaching you with a romantic interest-"

"I don't like Momoshiro!" Kaidoh glared at the other boy.

"You called him 'Momoshiro'."

"I don't like that idiot, Inui-sempai!" Kaidoh insisted.

"I know." Inui kissed him, effectively quieting the younger player. He ran his fingertips over the fading red splotches and bruises. "But it would take less than a year for another regular to become romantically involved with you." Inui pulled back with an all-too-teasing smirk.

Kaidoh just glared. He knew Inui was just trying to make him mad now.

"I love you, Kaoru." Inui pushed some of the damp black locks out of Kaidoh's face.

"Inui-sempai..." He couldn't form coherent thoughts when Inui was kissing down the side of his neck and pinning his hands in his lap and pressing him towards the sheets.

"Here or shower?" Inui whispered in Kaidoh's ear.

"Jus' took one.." Kaidoh's lungs took advantage of the pause and sucked in air greedily.

"Help you wash him away." Inui 's lips now hovered above a nipple.

"Please?"

"They'll work it out on their own," Tezuka said, giving Fuji a warning look. "Inui probably won't be back for a while. Perhaps we should deal again and start a new round."

"Good idea," Oishi agreed, shoving his cards Eiji's way. "We just won't make up any new rules."

"But I was so close," Eiji whined, collecting the cards and shuffling them.

Taka-san went first, laying down a Jack, and Fuji picked it up and handed it back to him. "Not doing the correct motion." Oishi set down his card.

Taka frowned. "Point of order. Fuji, I'm not doing that."

"Doing what?" Fuji asked innocently.

"You know what!"

"What are you playing?" Ryuzaki-sensei stood in the doorway.

"Mao," Eiji said.

"And what is Fuji making you do?"

"We can't tell you." Fuji smiled.

"Point taken?" Eiji suggested.

Tezuka laid down his card. It was followed by a red jack from Fuji. "Redheads are super sexy!" He reached over and grabbed Tezuka's crotch again.

Eiji laughed at Tezuka's blush and set a black king on the pile and reached his hand towards Oishi, who squeaked. Fuji smiled and drew a card. "You figured it out."

"Of course!" Eiji picked up a card.

"Point of order," Taka said, "can we redeal?"

"Why?" Eiji asked.

Taka set his cards face up on the table. All six were face cards.

Momo plucked at the sheets. "These need washed."

"Uh-huh," Ryoma said sleepily, cuddling closer to Momo's side.

"Or burned, maybe."

"We're only staying here one more night, Momo-sempai."

"True... can we at least take them off?"

"Later."

"But now that I think about it, it's really going to bother me."

"Momo-sempai, if you move I will kill you."

Momo sighed. "You know something? I feel really bad for the person who has to come in here and clean up after us."

"Especially in Buchou and Fuji-sempai's room."

Inui could see the tension flow from his kouhai's body as he pulled him beneath the spray of the shower to wash the other fluids from his body.

"Thank you, Inui-sempai."

"No need to do that, you know how much of a dog I am." Inui couldn't resist the grin that worked its way onto his mouth at his own joke.

"What?" Kaidoh looked up, confused.

"Marking my territory..." Inui quirked a brow as if his joke had been the most obvious thing in the world.

Kaidoh cocked one of his own eyebrows before shaking his head and muttering, "I'm just going to pretend you didn't ruin this moment and say that." He rested his cheek on his sempai's collarbone.

Inui cradled the back of Kaidoh's head with one hand, still grinning.

"Are you sore?"

Kaidoh shrugged. "Why?" Inui started to say something, but was cut off. "No, never mind, I don't want to know..." He wrapped his arms around Inui's waist.

"So."

Momo cracked one eye open. Echizen was giving him the boyfriend look, the look that said he better say what Ryoma wanted him to say or risk sleeping on the proverbial couch for the next month or six. "Hn?"

"Now that you've slept with Kaidoh-sempai and everything."

Momo didn't like where this was going. "Yeah?"

"Who's the better uke? Me or him?"

"Well..." he said slowly, fighting a grin, "Mamushi has more experience. But you're actually willing to have sex with me. Most of the time."

Ryoma's eyes narrowed. "You're not answering my question."

"Don't be denser than usual, Echizen," Momo teased, straddling the freshman. "You know I'd pick you over anyone in the world."

"You would?"

"Mmhm," Momo hummed, leaning down to rest his forehead against the smaller boy's.

"I love you," he paused for dramatic effect, "Takeshi."

"Fine, but just this once." Fuji collected the cards.

"So do you think they'll actually stop fighting now, Oishi?" Eiji put his chin in his hands and watched the tensai shuffle the cards.

"I hope." Oishi pinched the bridge of his nose.

"If not maybe we could send them to couple's counseling." Eiji smirked.

"Inui and Echizen would kill you if they heard you say that," the vice captain replied.

"They'll stop fighting." Tezuka watched Fuji deal the cards into neat little stacks of five.

"How do you know?" Taka asked.

"Did you notice how Shishido acted around Atobe at our last game?"

"They actually-?"

"No way!"

"I thought that example was just hypothetical..." Oishi groaned.

"It was Choutarou's idea."

Momo grinned and pinched Ryoma's nipple. "Don't say it if you're just going to be sarcastic!"

"Ow!" Ryoma pushed him off with surprising force and straddled him. "I tell you I love you and you abuse me! And Fuji-sempai says I'm a bad boyfriend."

"Che. Brat." Momo tugged Ryoma down by the shoulder and kissed him. "I love you too."

Ryoma laid down on top of Momo, snuggling close.

Momo petted the smaller boy's hair, not knowing how to respond.

"Momo-sempai?"

"Hm?" Momo continued his stroking.

"Does it bother you that I don't call you 'Takeshi'?"

Momo shrugged. "A little..."

"Why?"

"Because you're my boyfriend."

"So? Kikumaru-sempai doesn't call Oishi-sempai 'Shuichirou'."

"But Shichirou is kind of a mouthful. Takeshi isn't..." Momo moved the hand that was stroking Ryoma's hair down his chest to thumb the nipple he had pinched earlier apologetically. Ryoma trembled.

"But... what's it matter?"

"It just does, okay? I just..." Momo shrugged. "I guess it would stop me worrying that you're going to up and dump me one of these days..."

Ryoma blinked. "What?"

"Well, you know, it's not like you actually act like you want to be with me most of the time, and I just-"

"Momo-sempai, shut up. I'm not going anywhere, so stop being all insecure and girly, it's annoying."

"But-"

Ryoma pushed himself up to look at Momo. "Stop."

"Ryoma-"

"No. Quit." He frowned. "Just trust me."

Momo sighed.

"If I didn't want to be with you, I wouldn't be. You could just as easily be with Kaidoh-sempai. Should I be worried about that? You told me I shouldn't be."

Momo glared at him for the last comment but nodded. After a moment of mulling silence he flipped them over and curled an arm and a leg around the small tennis prodigy.

"Can you not do that?"

"But you're so cuddle-able."

"You spend too much time with Kikumaru-sempai," Ryoma muttered, turning and tucking his arms between their chests.

"You love it, secretly," Momo teased, kissing the freshman's forehead. "You bite my head off if I even think about moving after sex."

Ryoma raised an eyebrow at him. "Which head?"

"I need my hand..." Kaidoh looked at the hand Inui was holding tightly. "I need to get dressed."

"No, you don't."

Kaidoh blushed.

"If you get dressed you'll just have to take your clothes off again anyway."

Kaidoh considered this, then lay back down next to his boyfriend. He didn't really want to leave the room. No doubt, with his luck, he'd end up running into Momoshiro, and he just wasn't ready for that yet. "Inui-sempai."

"Hm?"

"Am I..." Kaidoh furrowed his brows, searching for the right words. "I was uke."

"Yes."

"And I... I didn't even really try that hard to... you know. But it's Momoshiro. Am I just... weak or..."

"No, it is more natural for you to uke. You bottom in our relationship, and Momoshiro tops in his. You were both just assuming the roles you typically take."

"But it's Momoshiro! I didn't want to uke. I didn't even want to have sex with him, but I especially didn't want to uke, it's humiliating."

"Well, look at it this way," Inui said. "Yes, you bottomed, but you're used to bottoming, so it's not nearly as bad as you're making it out to be. And you are better than him at tennis."

Kaidoh looked at his sempai skeptically.

"And, you're a better uke than he is a seme."

"You're just trying to get into my pants again, aren't you?"

"You're not wearing pants."

"I won't be able to walk for a week," Ryoma half-groaned, half-panted, as Momo fell onto the bed heavily. "That's three times! And we have to go back to tennis as soon as we get back, and I won't be able to play because of you and your insatiable sexual appetite, and then my training's going to fall behind, and-"

"Shut up, Echizen," Momo said sleepily. "After what happened today, you're lucky I didn't tie you to the bed so you couldn't run away until I'd finished with you."

"I wouldn't run away, idiot." Ryoma muttered. He nuzzled into his sempai's chest. Momo was nothing if not good to cuddle.

"Go to sleep, brat."

"Gladly, Takeshi."

Momo kissed the first year's forehead and closed his eyes.

"You suck, Fujiko!" Eiji pouted as Fuji called Mao.

"Only Mitsu." Fuji smiled.

Eiji laughed, while Taka and Oishi both blushed. Tezuka glared at the little brunette.

"Do you think there was really anything wrong with us, Inui-sempai?" Kaidoh was thinking back to the "slumber party" the night before.

Inui was silent for a moment. "Well, we've never fought or really had any problems as extreme as the ones the others have been dealing with, so no, I doubt it. Tezuka and Oishi made me feel insecure in my abilities as your boyfriend. The idea that you might not be getting everything you needed and wanted out of our relationship... well, let's say I went temporarily insane. I want nothing more than for you to be happy, Kaoru."

Kaidoh flushed scarlet but smiled shyly. "Me too, Inui-sempai."

Inui smiled in return and kissed Kaidoh's forehead. "Ne, Kaoru."

"Hm?"

"What do you think about calling me 'Sadaharu'?"

Ryuzaki-sensei poured herself a cup of coffee and listened as the others chatted in the living room about... Momo and Kaidoh? What on Earth? She started to listen more closely and then stopped, thinking better. She did not want to know.

"Just one more night," she muttered.

Kaidoh flushed a shade darker, giving his sempai a looking bordering somewhere between confused, nervous, and apprehensive. "Why?"

"Because we've been dating for three years now, two and a half of which I have called you by your given name."

"But you're my sempai..."

Inui could practically see "Syntax Error: Does Not Compute" running across Kaidoh's forehead. "And your boyfriend. And eventually we're both going to have graduated, and I won't technically be your sempai anymore."

"But..." Kaidoh pursed his lips. "I don't know. It's weird. You've always been Inui-sempai."

Inui smiled. "And I still will be, no matter what you call me."

"Hm... Sadaharu..." Kaidoh blinked and wrinkled his nose. "It'll take a while to get used to..."

"You'll try it?"

Kaidoh shrugged. "If you want me to..."

"I thought you would be like Echizen and continue to call me Inui-sempai."

"I'll still probably slip up a lot..."

"That's perfectly fine. They say it takes twenty-one days for something to become a habit." Inui grinned and kissed his forehead. "I love you, Kaoru."

"I love you too, Inui-I mean. Sadaharu." Kaidoh's brow furrowed. "Still weird."

"Well, and you two occasionally, I suppose," Fuji continued, nodding to the Golden Pair.

"Fuji. Stop. Talking," Tezuka said through gritted teeth.

Fuji scooted over to press his side against Tezuka's. He smiled up at Tezuka. "Isn't that the point of this game?" He laid the card from the top of the draw deck face up on the table.

Eiji laid down a seven. "Have a nice day."

Taka put a three down.

Oishi stood up as he laid down an ace. "S-E-I-G-A-K You can say! Hey! Seigaku! Hey! Seigaku! Let's go!"

"Redheads are super sexy," Tezuka grumbled, hardly setting down his card before Fuji palmed his crotch. He twitched.

There was a crash upstairs, followed by giggling and a few seconds of fumbling before Kaidoh let out a long, low moan.

"Point of order," Fuji said, putting down his cards. "Why aren't we having sex?"

Taka flushed.

"Because that's all we've done the entire time we've been here." Oishi frowned.

"Not true! We went shopping, and spent a lot of time with Ryomoka..." Eiji pointed out.

"Fuji, we're playing a card game, and you're making Kawamura feel awkward." Tezuka scolded.

"I-Inui sempai!" Kaidoh yelped. "Don't do that!"

"What?" Inui asked innocently. "You mean this?"

Kaidoh groaned, his hands scrabbling at the sheets. "Please..."

"Please what?"

"But they sound like they're having so much fun..." Fuji whined.

"I'm not going anywhere," Tezuka said. Not until I've had my revenge.

"Fine. Eiji?"

"Syusuke."

Fuji pouted. "You take all the fun out of life, Mitsu."

The game continued.

"I never thought Kaidoh-sempai could be so loud..." Ryoma said curiously.

"Can we not talk about him?"

"He wasn't that loud with you..."

"Not hearing this!"

"I guess Inui-sempai just knows how-"

"Shut up!" Momo sat up and pulled the freshman back into his arms.

"Tell me what you want me to do, Kaoru."

"Inui-sempai..."

"And no 'Inui-sempai.'"

Kaidoh hissed in frustration. "Sadaharu," he growled, whimpering as Inui caressed his inner thigh.

"Kaoru-" Inui paused. "Do you trust me?"

Kaidoh glared. "Of course I trust you!"

"I would like to try something new..." Inui slid off the bed and padded over to his suitcase, stooping to retrieve something.

Kaidoh partially sat up, trying to figure out what his sempai was getting.

Inui started to come back to the bed, not letting Kaidoh see until he was straddling him again. A silky scarf tickled his chest as Inui dangled the fabric over him.

"Give me your hands."

Kaidoh hesitated. "I... I don't know, Inu-Sadaharu..."

"Kaoru, I promise I'll stop if I do something that's making you uncomfortable," Inui promised. "Please?"

Swallowing, Kaidoh nodded. He did trust Inui, more than anyone in the world, but there was something about the idea of having no control that freaked him out a little. Still, if Inui wanted to try it, he'd be a good little kohai and go along with it.

His stomach became a knot of nerves as Inui tied his wrists together. He didn't attach them to the headboard, for which the younger boy was thankful, but instead Inui pinned them to the pillow above his head with a hand.

"Relax, Kaoru."

Kaidoh nodded stiffly. It's just Inui-sempai. I love Inui-sempai. Inui-sempai won't hurt me. I trust Inui-sempai... The knot in his stomach just grew larger.

"I love you too, Kaoru." Kaidoh opened his eyes, not realizing he had shut them.

"Was I...?"

"Yes."

Kaidoh blushed. He hated when he muttered things out loud. It made him think of Ibu from Fudomine.

"Don't be embarrassed," Inui said, kissing the tip of Kaidoh's nose. "It's quite cute."

Which just made Kaidoh blush even more.

Inui pressed his pointer and middle fingers against Kaidoh's neck, checking his pulse. He frowned. "Calm down," Inui said softly. "You have absolutely nothing to worry about. I just want to make you feel good."

Kaidoh took a shaky breath, willing his stomach to untangle itself.