Jack woke her up practically at dawn, making fun of her when she groaned and tried to pull the blanket over her head to cut out the light.

"Now, now. What kind of husband would I be if I let my lazy wife lie about in bed all day, hmmm?"

Rose really wished she had a pillow to chuck at his head.

Stumbling out of the tent, once more covered head to toe in that awful brown sack, she realized she hurt. Her legs were wobbly, protesting painfully at having walked so far the day before, and she'd developed quite the colorful bruise on one hip from where she'd hit the TARDIS' ceiling. She took a few hesitant steps, trying to get back the hang of walking half blind, before she managed to look up.

Right into the Doctor's face.

His expression was hard, impassive, and she stumbled back a step in sheer surprise.

He'd turned on his heel and walked away before she could forget herself and say something. Before she realized how she must look coming out of Jack's tent like this....

Bugger it! He was already several yards away and there was no chance she'd catch up in this sodding outfit. She didn't see Jack, but she had to hope he'd find a chance to speak with the Doctor soon.

The caravan quickly packed up and everyone took the same positions they'd had the day before, down to the women keeping a clear distance from her. She expected they were angry because of her supposed lies, but she didn't much care. The Doctor was riding up front again, his posture subdued and looking like he was only speaking to answer direct questions.

She was pretty sure Jack hadn't caught up with him. She turned, chancing a look at Jack where he was walking to one side again. He didn't acknowledge her, and his gaze stayed fixed directly ahead of them as he gave a tiny shrug and grimace.

Great, the Doctor had probably avoided him, locked up in that brooding, moody place he spent too much time in as it was. She kicked a stone out of her way, earning a surprised look from the woman closest to her. She couldn't wait to get out of this damned place.

-+-+-+-

Finally, late in the day, they made it to Zara, a place with at least a little life to it. Brown-covered women perched on the high walls of houses, clearly chatting and laughing with each other. Canopies in bright colors flapped in the breeze over row after row of tables in the marketplace. Rose was heartened by the sight of a woman — wearing a practical shirt and trousers — working on one of the boats in the harbor. She was clearly a foreigner here and probably knew better than to step foot on land, but it made Rose feel like she'd found a spot of normalcy again.

After a few quick words, the rest of the caravan was sent on to wherever they were going, while the leader and the man who'd so charmingly failed to introduce himself to her last night herded the Doctor and Jack (and, by extension, her) to the marketplace. Their first stop was at some sort of jeweler's table, where the Doctor produced a thin strip of something that looked like bluish gold from his back pocket. The leader's eyes went wide and then narrowed in anger. Rose couldn't help feeling that they'd have been murdered and robbed in their beds if he'd known what the Doctor was carrying around.

An argument immediately broke out. From what she could follow, it seemed the Doctor had promised the leader only a part of that amount for their trip. The leader, on the other hand, was accusing them of being lying thieves themselves. It was settled fairly quickly when the Doctor reluctantly agreed to hand over the whole amount. The leader cursed, but waved to his henchman and they took off down one of the narrow streets without looking back.

It belatedly occurred to Rose that they hadn't been 'guests', they'd been hostages for the money they'd promised him. She shuddered.

Once they'd stepped away from the hustle of the market and into the shadow of a wall to regroup, Rose couldn't hold her tongue any longer. "Oi! If you'd just stand still and listen to us for one moment—"

"I told you to keep quiet, Rose!"

"Don't you—" but she was forced to break off when she noticed the stares she'd already attracted from passers-by. With a groan she glared at Jack through her veil before venting the rest of her anger on a tiny bit of grass trying to grow through the cracked dirt at her feet.

"Look, Doctor, what she's trying to tell you—" Jack stopped when he found himself on the receiving end of a glower that put paid to anything Rose had seen. She couldn't blame Jack, she'd never seen a look on the Doctor's face that actually frightened her before.

The subject was clearly not up for discussion. Jack sighed in acknowledgment, then asked quietly, "How much more of that stuff do you have on you?"

"That was it."

Jack's eyes widened. "Then just how are you planning to get the crystal we need, much less a place to sleep tonight?"

"I don't plan to spend the night. And I wasn't lying, I do have a rather impressive amount of credit with a banker here. He just probably won't recognize me after all this time." That brought an odd expression to his eyes, but it was gone before Rose could even begin to decipher it. "What I need now is to find him and show him my handy letter of credit," he pulled out the psychic paper, "and we'll be in all the funds we need. Meanwhile," he turned to Jack, "you two go and find us a workable crystal. Meet back here in an hour or so." He was already moving away from them. "And try to get it at a decent price," he tossed back over his shoulder. And then he was gone into the mass of people.

Jack looked insulted for a moment, as well he might, she thought. But he shrugged it off. Given the noise level around them, Rose didn't even try to muffle her curse this time.

"Chuffing stubborn pillock!"

Jack laughed at her. "See? it must be love!"

-+-+-+-

Rose followed dutifully after Jack as he made the rounds of the jeweler's tables. At every one he spun a different story about why he needed to see the largest clear stone they had. After a few times she realized he was doing it for her amusement, and she couldn't help but smile. Watching the master at work was quite the treat.

Probably an hour later they were back at the wall, having finally located an acceptable stone the size of her fist in one jeweler's back stock. The man was clearly baffled at Jack's interest, repeatedly offering to custom cut the somewhat yellowish rock to any shape Jack liked, obviously looking for a better price than he could get for the uncut stone. But Jack refused all offers, making it clear he would only buy the stone as-is and without a mark on it, claiming some foreign religious restriction or something. By the time they left she knew he had wrangled the lowest price that would keep the jewel intact and waiting for them when they returned.

Some time later the Doctor showed up with sufficient funds and a return trip already arranged with another caravan leaving that afternoon. He handed Jack the money, indicated which gate they were leaving from, and told him to hurry, as the caravan was already starting out. That let Rose out of the return trip to the jewelers, as she could hardly 'hurry' anywhere. To her extreme annoyance the Doctor then promptly headed off towards the gate he'd indicated without a word to her, and proceeded to walk just fast enough that she couldn't reach him.

Minutes later, puffing like a steam engine from both exertion and anger, Rose finally caught up with him. Right in front of their new travel companions.

She might love him, but once they were safely back to the TARDIS, she was going to kill him.

He wasn't joking about the caravan leaving, though. The men in the lead looked irritated at the delay already, and Rose suspected the Doctor had had to bribe them pretty well to wait as long as they did. At least, as pissed off as he might be, he'd apparently had the decency to spring for horses all around this time. Her tired legs ached as she used a low wall to climb awkwardly into the saddle — of course no one moved to help her — but she was still grateful.

Then the Doctor handed the reins of the last horse to one of the gatekeepers with a quick description of Jack and a handful of coins and they were off. The horses settled into a brisk walk, which was about as much as Rose could handle her first time trying to ride one. As it was, her sack was bunched awkwardly under her and twisted so that her veil was somewhere over her left ear for the first ten minutes or so. She just hoped her legs weren't showing; God knows what crisis that would cause.

She kept adjusting her seat and her stupid sack dress, to the not-very-muffled amusement of the nearest men. Once she'd gotten herself mostly settled — at least she could see again, if mostly just out of one eye — she started listening for Jack. There were no other women on this trip, so she rode alone behind the men in charge and in front of the men guarding the wagon of whatever goods it was they were hauling.

She didn't really think the Doctor would leave Jack behind — if for no other reason than that he had the crystal that they needed to get the TARDIS upright and moving again. But she was still relieved to hear hoof beats behind them. The men turned to look behind warily, but Rose didn't dare do even that for fear she'd fall right off. Within moments Jack was riding by — and how was it that he looked that dead sexy at everything she'd ever seen him do? — up to the front of the line.

A few quick words with the Doctor, and Jack dropped back behind the front party to ride parallel to her. He didn't look at her, she couldn't say anything, and he clearly hadn't had a chance to talk to the Doctor yet, but it made her feel better to know that at least one of the men in her life wasn't a raging big brooding git.

Of course one of the men ahead took that moment to make some comment not-so-under-his-breath about Jack clearly being besotted with her.

All three of them pretended not to hear that one.

-+-+-+-

Having left so late in the day, it was only a few hours before they stopped to make camp. Rose slid off her horse... and straight to the ground in such an ungainly heap she even had to forgive Jack for cracking a smile. He didn't help her up though.

Yeah, yeah, public touching, even through miles of sackcloth was probably off limits. However at least it did mean that the men, clearly used to shifting for themselves anyway, didn't try to make her set up the camp. This time Jack apparently managed to fend off any attempts to push them into the 'honeymoon tent', so she was able to sit — outside the main ring, of course — and listen to the stories and talk around the fire.

After a while Rose was surprised to find that she was enjoying herself. The stories sounded like any bunch of blokes out for a night at the pub — well, if the blokes were regularly carrying swords and traveling on horseback. She suspected just as many of the tales of sexual ('romantic' would be stretching the point) conquest were exaggerated in the teller's favor. They certainly didn't seem to feel the need to watch their language around her — if they even remembered she was there at all.

Jack had great stories to share, of course, and tailored them well to the mood and tastes of the group. After a while even the Doctor chimed in with a few choice comments, and a bit about the surprising things a well informed man could pay for in certain quarters. Jack glanced over casually at her every so often, when the little group's attention was squarely on someone else, and she appreciated that. The rest of them — including one stubborn Time Lord of her acquaintance — didn't even acknowledge her existence.

She was trying to remember just why she was in love with the big tosser, when the party broke up and most of the men headed off to sleep. The Doctor had relaxed a bit and was walking comfortably next to Jack, so she just fell in silently behind them. As they reached the tents, one of the men — the one who had made the 'besotted' comment, leered at Jack and pointed to a tent. "You can take that one with your wife. You," and here he turned towards the Doctor, "will have to share with me."

The Doctor had gone stone-faced again, but before he could say anything Jack laughed. "She's not my wife," he proclaimed, rolling his eyes at the man and looking far more drunk than she suspected he actually was. "She's his!"