Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: M
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: "I thought you were bigger than that"...
Warning: Self-loving gone wrong.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 fandom. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Rufus, Mr. Shinra and mentions of Tseng
POV: Rufus

BIGGER THAN

Rufus lay naked on his bed, staring at the ceiling and dreaming.

He had never acted on his feeling. He was almost scared to. After all, Tseng was always there for him and he didn't want to scare him off with his stupid feelings for the man. Tseng was the one that helped him when he had a little too much to drink, when his father insulted him, always protected him, and he was there when he needed someone to talk and just listen.

"Tseng," he groaned as he squeezed his already excited cock.

They had gone swimming a couple days ago and seeing Tseng out of that suit and in the tight red Speedo for the first time in his life had really gone to his head.

~both of them~

He had to spend a long time in the deep end to calm his body down before he did laps. Watching how Tseng's body moved in the pool was way to tantalizing. He was enthralled by Tseng's deep calm voice was when he ordered him to do four more before he was allowed to go into the hot tub. His body was far from calm as he did as Tseng asked.

He did was he was told and tried his hardest to get the images of that lean body out of his head as he moved through the water. But it was so hard when they had been sitting in the hot tub afterwards, with Tseng having his arms outstretched his head leaning back to display the tempting length of his throat.

~I have never been so thankful for the swirling water~

He had been fantasizing about moving alongside of Tseng and kissing the warm throat and having Tseng groan at his touch. He would give anything to have had Tseng reach down and touch him in the swirling water of that hot tub. He bucked his hips into the air, imagining his hand was Tseng's and that his heavy breathing and moaning was mixed with the normally stoic man.

He increased his hand movements, feeling the tightness in his belly increase as he bucked his hips to the thought of Tseng stroking him and kissing him. The thought of how snug and revealing that red Speedo was caused him to cry out and pump his hand all the faster. He dreamed of having Tseng actually beside him pumping his hard cock and whispering to him about how good it must be feeling.

~I'm so close~

The pressure became unbearable as he arched his back and teased himself to completion when he heard the door open. He sat up quickly, unable to bring a blanket or even a pillow over to quickly cover himself.

He was absolutely horrified to see his father standing in the doorway with a heavy disapproving frown on his face. Rufus was frozen in spot. His hand still wrapped around his cock but had stopped moving with his legs splayed wide, displaying everything to be seen.

He heard his father scoff and say, "I thought you were bigger than that," and closed the door as he left.

Rufus fell back into his bed, gasping for air and fighting back the torrent of emotions that he didn't understand or want to feel.

~if only it was Tseng that had walked through the door~

"my dad just walked in on my jacking off and all he had to say was "I thought you were bigger than that"... thanks dad." … Full inspirational text.

Rufus has issues.

Can anyone else tell me who wore a tight red Speedo that was really really hot. And the guy always wore a suit too. Anyone? Anyone? Some of you are way too young, but I hope at least one of my readers know where I took the idea of Tseng in the red Speedo from?