“I’m not sure I understand,” Alice admits to her companion, the man who had extended the invitation to today’s event to her, the man whose invitation she had accepted: Sir Geoffrey. 

He smiles warmly. “Things are very different here from Up There, are they not?”

“Very,” she admits, watching the ladies of the court tie their skirts up around their knees with ribbons and the gentlemen pull off their shoes and stockings and roll up their trouser legs.

“The Lobster Quadrille,” Sir Geoffrey repeats patiently, “is only possible after we’ve cleared out the jellyfish.”

“But... those aren’t fish,” she protests, peering into the waist-high, very wide wide wooden tub that sits in the place of a stage. In fact, what she can see bobbing up and down in the water within the tub looks more like... “Aren’t those blueberries?”

“Oh, yes. There are a good many delectable fruits floating around in there and we’ll have to clear them out before the dancing can begin.”

“The Lobster Quadrille?” she checks.

“Yes. You see, we fish out the fruit then, while the carpenters are turning the tub into a stage, we make the fruits into jelly which is eaten on bread.”

“... Oh.”

Sir Geoffrey laughs at her expression. “It will be delightful. You’ll see. Now would you like to try a bit of fruit fishing?”

Alice regards the ladies who are just finishing up with the hoisting of their skirts and grins at their giggles and blushes. Well, why not? At least no one will find it the least bit shocking that she’s not wearing stockings!

She nods. “I’ll ask Lady Philomena if she has any more ribbon,” Alice excuses herself from the beaming Sir Geoffrey.

“La! Alice! It’s so good to see you at my little event to-day!” Philomena gushes, reaching out for Alice’s hands and gently pulling her into the group of ladies. “Let us help you with your skirt! It’s a lovely dress, isn’t it?” she asks the other woman.

As Alice is turned – gently, of course! – this way and that and her skirts tied up above her knees, Philomena finds a moment to lean in and whisper, “La, Alice! You do understand how the Courting is done, yes?” The woman gives her a conspiratorial wink. “We weren’t sure at first! You seemed so enamored with that milliner, but now we understand!”

Alice glances around her as several ladies concur with giggles and murmurs. “I’m sorry,” Alice begins. “What do you—?”

There’s a loud splash and Alice shrieks along with the ladies as the gentlemen hop into the tub and the waves they create splash over the edge, soaking the grass beneath their feet.

“That’s cold!” Alice protests.

Philomena puts an arm around her waist and nudges her toward the tub. “It’ll get warmer!” she promises with a wicked smile which prompts more knowing giggles.

Frowning, Alice allows herself to be helped into the tub along with the other ladies. Immediately, they each approach a gentleman and begin pointing out which fruits they would like for their jellies. Sir Geoffrey wades over to Alice, looking expectant.

When she doesn’t make a request, he asks with a devilish smile, “Which fruits would my lady prefer?”

“Oh, um...” Alice is distracted from her answer by the sight of several men, with hands behind their backs, attempting to use their teeth to pick the bobbing fruits out of the water. One fellow manages to bite down on the stem and lifts a glistening, almost too-ripe pear into his lady’s waiting, cupped hands. 

Alice feels her face heat at the sight. It reminds her of feeding the Hatt— Tarrant blueberries during the Berrying, actually... 

“Shall we start with an apple?” Sir Geoffrey interrupts her musings.

Honestly, Alice has no preference except to excuse herself from the event. This is not what she had had in mind. And it makes her uncomfortable to watch such blatant flirting and... Wait a minute! Why is Philomena ignoring her Intended, Sir Robert? 

As Sir Geoffrey leans down to chase after the apple he’d suggested, Alice takes note of the fact that not a single person present is, in fact, accompanied by their Intended. She watches as Sir Robert drops a plum into the hands of a giggling Lady Callia. Lady Callia’s Intended, Sir Percival, is happily chasing strawberries through the water at the behest of Lady Opheline...

“What sort of event is this?” Alice demands, automatically accepting the apple Sir Geoffrey offers, its stem pinched between his even, white teeth. She’s too shocked by their behavior to really mind her own. 

“As delightful as courting is,” Sir Geoffrey answers in a careful tone, “we all need a break from it from time to time.”

“Oh... you mean to help you appreciate your Intended all the more?” she muses aloud, but he doesn’t hear her. He has already turned away and is splashing after a white peach. Alice decides her interpretation must have been what he’d meant. It helps a bit, but she still feels oddly uncomfortable following Sir Geoffrey round and round the massive tub, her hands – and later her skirt – full of the fruit he had collected, one piece at a time, with only his mouth. 

It’s hard to not enjoy the festive atmosphere, however, despite the simmering discomfort in her belly. She’s never seen the White Queen’s courtiers looking so happy or so carefree. They splash through the water, heedless of the damage to their dresses and suits, shrieking with laughter. Several times, a race for a particularly desirable fruit results in one or both gentlemen tripping and dousing themselves completely with water. 

Perhaps, Alice decides, whatever strangeness she thinks she senses in the air is actually coming from herself . Perhaps she feels... guilty about participating in this without the Hatter... perhaps she misses him... 

A day apart will do us good, she reminds herself as Sir Geoffrey lowers his head over her skirt – which she holds up in order to cradle all the contributions to their jelly – and drops a bitten pear into it. 

She glances up and into his blue eyes as he raises his head. She looks away, wishing his eyes were a different color entirely.

When the last blueberry has been culled from the water, the gentlemen assist their ladies (who are still carrying the fished fruit) from the wooden tub and everyone staggers over to the long table that had been set up. Alice mimics the other ladies as they dump the fruit into large, pewter bowls. Across from her, Sir Geoffrey picks up a masher and begins pressing the fruit with it.

They take turns mashing the fruit up and Alice laughs when a particularly strong jab results in splattering both herself and her companion with strawberry juice.

“Sorry!” she gasps between giggles.

Sir Geoffrey grins and wipes off his face with a handkerchief. As he does this, Alice takes a moment to look around and see how the other pairs are doing with their will-be jellies and that uncomfortable feeling returns. She watches as Lady Philomena’s hands disappear into the mash of fruit with Sir Marshall’s. The fruit masher has been abandoned and they lean toward each other over the pewter bowl, their hands buried up to their wrists.

“Come, Lady Alice, let us find the seeds,” Sir Geoffrey invites, rolling up his shirt sleeves and placing his hands on the edge of the bowl.

“Oh... is that what everyone is doing?” Alice guesses, finally noticing that she and Geoffrey are – apparently – running a little behind schedule; everyone has moved on to the seed-finding.

“Well... yes,” he replies, watching her expression very intently.

“I see.”

He smiles and nods toward the bowl. “Ladies first, Lady Alice?”

Feeling very (and inexplicably) uncomfortable indeed, Alice takes a breath and plunges her hands into the cocktail of mashed fruit. 

*~*~*~*

Tarrant has a sense of cats. Perhaps it is related to his sense of smell. But more likely, it’s a sub-function of his sense of being spied on. And only at times like these – times when he is not distracted by Alice or the possibility of touching Alice, times when he is contemplating the likelihood that he is not fit to touch Alice at all! – does this sense fully function, it seems (for it had certainly been inoperable during the Berrying). 

“Not now, Chessur,” he states flatly.

“If not now, then when?” the cat replies, de-evaporating with a grin, unperturbed at being caught. “No time like the present, they say.”

Tarrant does not look up from polishing the embroidery scissors in his hands. He had come here to-day – on his Alice-less day – to get some work done. Unfortunately, the first three hats he had dared to address had gotten quite irreparably smashed. Somehow.

“ They say,” he mutters. “ You say. And since you can never resist saying one thing or another when you show up, you might as well be out with it and be gone again!” 

Chessur’s eyebrows arch at the sharpness of his tone. “Then I shall!”

Tarrant looks up and – as politely as he is capable of – gives the cat his full attention.

“I was simply stopping by to ask you why Alice is participating in clearing out the jellyfish in preparation for the Lobster Quadrille... with someone who isn ’ t her Intended?” 

“I... She... What? ” 

“It appears there’s a courtier-sponsored event on-going in the South Garden,” Chessur supplies, keeping a wary eye on Tarrant as he jostles the table in his rush to stand. “And, as you know, jellyfishing must come first before the—”

“I’m well aware of that!” Tarrant snaps, slamming his hip against the corner of the table. He curses his haste-inspired clumsiness and limps toward the door.

“You needn’t be in such a hurry,” Chessur drolly informs him. “I’ve alerted the Queen. I’m sure she has everything in hand. It’s all a misunderstanding, I’m sure.” Tarrant hears the cat’s sigh echo along the corridor as he trails along behind. “Still, how is it these things manage to get mixed up in that Uplander head of hers? I would have thought the implications of attending a quadrille without one’s Intended would have been quite clear.” 

“Perhaps they are,” Tarrant hears himself murmur fearfully. 

Chessur makes an odd whistling-sneezing huff of affront. Were the circumstances less... distressing , Tarrant might have teased him for outgribing in public. “Ridiculous!” the cat replies on a wheeze. “You still have your Key around you neck, do you not?” 

Not breaking stride, Tarrant reaches for it, clutches brass key through the fabric of his shirt. “Hearts can be stolen,” he reminds Chessur.

“I highly doubt our Champion would be complacent were that to happen.” 

“I hope you’re right,” he replies. Yes, despite the threat of his Madness looming over him, dogging his steps, leering over his shoulder... despite that, Tarrant very much wants to believe that the Key resting against his chest will still open her heart to him. He does not want to imagine an Alice who regrets giving him the Key To Her Heart. Perhaps he should hope for her to change her mind, close her heart to him, perhaps it would be safer for her if she would... 

Tarrant knows he is too slurvish to genuinely hope for the things he should. 

Reaching an intersection of halls, he turns and nearly collides with Thackery.

“Pardon me, Thack,” Tarrant mumbles, stepping nimbly around him. The hare doesn’t respond. He glares at Chessur with his wobbly eyes and declares, “Yer ta blame, Cat! If’n I were chaperonin’ ’em, this woul’nae b’ ’appenin’!” 

“Oh, go stir a pot,” Chessur grumbles.

“Ye shoul’ take yer aun advice!” the hare shouts, hopping after them. “I was stirrin’ th’ pot jus’ fine! A nice simmer those two were at! Then ye came along an’ snuffed ou’ th’ flame! Nauw lookit ’em! Curdlin’ and separatin’ like oil an’ water! Blasted cat!”

“Well, pardon me for interrupting the agenda you and the Queen cooked up! It shalln’t happen again!” 

Tarrant takes one more turn and jogs toward the open doors. He can see a lovely day beyond, sunny and bright and filled with the sounds of laughter.

Laughter.

The knife that he hadn’t noticed being shoved into his chest twists viciously. He clutches the Key tighter, closes his eyes, steels himself for whatever scene might be waiting to attack him, shoves the Madness into its cage, closes the door and listens to the latch snap shut in the darkness of his mind. He takes a deep breath, and then another.

He is as ready as he will ever be.

Tarrant follows the sounds of merriment and carpentry. He should have expected that, he knows. Chessur had said Alice was... was... But this evidence that his Intended has been fishing for fruit with another man... 

For a moment, he fears he cannot do this.

But, if he does not, what will Alice believe?

She will believe he does not care , does not want her. 

He cannot allow her to think such terrible lies. Yes, she had asked to not see him to-day (and oh, how horridly painful that had been to read in her letter!), but these are extenuating circumstances! 

He hurries down the marble steps and into the garden, barely noticing that Chessur and Thackery have let him go on alone. He follows the giggles and scraping of wood as the stage is assembled from the wooden tub. He follows, reaches the edge of the hedgery that blocks his view, turns the corner and...

One by one, the giggles stop. Pair by pair, wide eyes (which quickly narrow slyly) turn in his direction. Mouth by mouth, they smirk at him, sneer at him. He looks past the insubstantial obstacle of their scorn toward two figures. The White Queen addresses Alice – Alice in her damp, juice-stained gingham dress – on the far side of the clearing. He watches the Queen’s expression shift from gentle inquiry to compassion. He cannot see Alice’s face from this angle, but he can see the handkerchief clutched in her hand. A white handkerchief. Tarrant does not own any white handkerchiefs which means...

“This is a private gathering,” Sir Geoffrey informs him, stepping forward and interrupting his deductions as to the origins of the handkerchief clutched in Alice’s fingers. The rotter concludes rather brashly, “I don’t believe you were invited, sir!” 

Tarrant feels his brows lift. He forces himself to look away from Alice, from Alice’s hand and the handkerchief gripped in it, away from her rumpled and damp dress, away from her bare ankles and feet and toes. He looks into the eyes of the man who is attempting to steal her heart away from him and growls, “I d’nae care. Eject mae... if’n ye can. Sir. ” 

“Tarrant,” Chessur gently reprimands him. “Come away. I told you, the Queen is handling this.”

He tosses a glare at the cat. He wants to strike this bloody pompous dandy in his weak jaw. He wants to shove his way through the clearing, upend their long, white table. He wants to grab the handkerchief from Alice’s hand, lick the juice from her fingers himself, push her against the nearest tree – obliging or not! – and show her precisely who holds the Key To Her Heart! He wants to have her, mark her, make her his! 

“Tarrant!”

This time, when Chessur says his name, he shudders. Across the clearing, Alice startles, turns, and stares at him with wide eyes. He notes how pale she seems despite the summer day and the merry-making atmosphere. His gaze gets itself tangled in her disheveled hair.

He Wants...

Hands fisting, he forces himself to turn away. He cannot see her, speak to her, be near her now. The Madness has learned how to open latches, it seems. The caging of it had been useless. An utterly futile exercise. 

He hears giggles and murmurs and scandalized gasps at his back. He ignores them. He heads back into the castle, takes the first turn he comes to, stumbles up the first flight of stares, and trips out onto the nearest balcony. He tells himself he is not trying to watch the goings-on below. In fact, it is quite impossible for him to see much at all. Odd how an aching heart can affect one’s vision...

He leans over the railing so that the Key no longer rests against his chest. He still feels the weight of it around his neck, hanging. He clasps his hands together so that he does not pull at his own hair (Alice had grasped it in her fists, at the Berrying, as she’d rubbed herself closer to him, arched her body into his, had mewled for More). He grits his teeth together to stop the shout of rage from escaping. He must control himself. He must try. He cannot allow it to overtake him again. Not again! 

“Hatter?”

The sound of his not-name, he’s sure he imagines. He ignores it. But footsteps that sound very much like Alice Footsteps snare his undivided attention. Tarrant listens as they scuff against the balcony’s marble tiles. He glances over his shoulder and there she is – just as lovely in her summer gown with juice stains under her nails, smeared on her cheek, and splattered on her dress as she had been in her tunic and breeches that morning on the hilltop. Had it only been twelve days ago? It seems like so much... longer.

He aches. He is wounded and tired and he Wants her but it would be best – safest! – if...

“Ye shoul’ ge’ back ta tha party,” he forces himself to say, turning back around to watch the musicians take up their instruments and gentlemen offer their handkerchiefs and then their hands to their ladies. “They’re startin’ the Lobster Quadrille,” he observes.

But Alice doesn’t turn around and leave. She shakes off her hesitance, steps up next to him and stands on his left. And he’s comforted by that; Alice has often been on his left: on the balcony and under the full moon the night before Frabjous Day, on the battlefield moments before the fight , during their Courtship announcement at luncheon... He watches as she looks down her nose at the goings on in the garden.

“Bugger that,” she mutters with very unladylike force. “I bloody hate the quadrille.” 

“You do?” he hears himself ask. “No, no, of course you do. ’Tis the overabundance of rules, isn’t it?” 

Alice smiles, huffs out a chuckle, and looks at him. He wants to Answer that look. He wants to... very badly.

So he clears his throat. “Still, it’s dreadfully rude of you to rescind your acceptance of an invitation on such short notice.”

The burgeoning happiness in her expression vanishes and he hears her teeth grind together. “An invitation accepted under false pretenses. Hatter, I never intended for you to think I was... am...”

He straightens, daring to lean toward her yet ready to take a step back at a moment’s notice. The Madness must not be allowed to hurt her. Ever. 

“What is it you want me to think, Alice?” he whispers. 

She takes a deep breath and slowly releases it. “That I have no... interest in Sir Geoffrey.” 

He glances down at the handkerchief still clutched in her hand. “Are you quite sure?”

Alice frowns at him, follows his gaze down to the linen in her grasp, and sighs. “Hatter...” she begins, then stops herself and merely unfolds the cloth. He finds himself looking at the personal monogram of the White Queen. “It’s not his.”

He’ll feel ashamed of himself later, he decides. Right now he is Relieved.

“I also want you to know that I...” 

Tarrant looks up and his heart feels as if it’s twisting, being wrung out in his chest.

Alice visibly gathers her muchness and announces, “I have no interest in a man who tries to control either me or my schedule. Your behavior yesterday evening was not...”

“I know,” he admits softly. In so very many ways, his behavior last night had been horrid. Luckily, Alice does not know the true extent of it. “I’m sae very sorry.” More than he can say. More than she can imagine.

“Don’t do it again,” she rasps.

He cannot guarantee that. He wants to – oh how he wants to!– but so long as the Madness has the potential to overpower him, making that promise is not... possible. 

“What happened?” she asks and for one eternal, frightful moment, Tarrant thinks she is asking about the very subject of his thoughts: his Madness, his Want, his lack of control over both.

“We used to be friends,” she explains, her tone softening, her shoulders untensing. It makes all the difference in Underland and the air between them tastes like Summer again. “I’ve missed you, Hatter. My friend, I mean.”

He closes his eyes, lets out a long breath. “And I you, Alice.” For a moment, he relishes her presence next to him. Chessur is oddly absent. They are alone. Just friends. The moment blossoms between them, pure in a way their shared moments have not been since before that blasted Pear Incident.

Friends. Yes, he very much misses being Alice’s friend. Courting had changed that.

He never wants this moment to end. He is with her and she is with him and although they are not touching, they are content. And yet they should not be standing here, side by side, as friends. They are not friends at the moment. They are courting. “Maybe you should get back to the party. You’ll be missed.” 

“I don’t care,” Alice replies smartly, warming Tarrant with her renewed disdain for Rules. “And besides, I already informed Sir Geoffrey that I am not as available as I had mistakenly indicated I was.”

Another layer of tension slides from his heart. Alice misunderstands his silence: “You can’t think that I’d rather be down there with them than here with you!”

Oh, how he wishes her words could mend the rift between them. He wants them to. He wants to be her friend again... Yet he Wants her, too. And the second makes the first impossible. But, really, Tarrant reminds himself, what he wants is not the Issue here. The Issue is...

“What do you want, Alice?”

“My friend,” she replies immediately. “We used to be friends before all this courtship business started.”

“Perhaps that is why friends do not court each other,” he allows, bowing to the wisdom of the ages.

“This was a monumentally bad idea,” she admits. “Bloody...! I miss you!” 

His arms ache to reach out to her, to hold her close, to simply embrace her and comfort her. To comfort himself. He grips the railing tighter. “I miss me, too,” he replies, wondering where Alice’s friend has disappeared to in the wake of his jealousy and temper and fear. He had been better to her as a friend, he admits. She had been happier... Safer. 

Alice sighs out a deep breath. “I just... I need some time to think about this... Courtship,” she whispers. “I’ve... never seen you like this before. It’s... unsettling.”

“I’m sorry, Alice.” He blinks back against the stinging sensation behind his eyes. He considers her words for a moment and volunteers, “ I’ve never seen me like this before.” 

“I don’t understand why this is happening,” she confesses. “The Queen said our Courtship was going so well... She seemed pleased so I thought...”

“You thought what?” he prompts when her voice thins and fades out completely.

“I don’t know what I thought. I didn’t want to think about it, perhaps. I was too concerned with...”

“Yes?”

She shakes her head, looking away, her shoulders weighted in defeat or shame or... 

“Tell me, Alice. Please?”

“Tell me why you were so happy. In the library. When the Key appeared on the table.”

“Ah. Well...” Tarrant glances at her, takes in her pale, stern expression and knows he must tell her the truth. It is unavoidable now. And if he insists on Avoiding it, she will not trust him again. Not as her Intended or as her Friend. Although, perhaps it would be For The Best if she does not trust him... 

“’Tis very rare tha’ a courtin’ couple e’er leaves the Luckluster Library.”

“What?” She turns toward him completely. He cannot bring himself to meet her gaze.

“The name – Luskluster - ’tis significant,” he says, directing his attention toward the garden yet he does not focus on it. “If’n ye’re feelin’ luck or lust, then in the library ye stay. But, if’n ye feel sommat else – say, love– then ye d’nae belong in there anymuir.” 

“The Key to Thine Heart...?”

He nods. “Aye. We both felt tha beginnings o’love in aur hearts. Tha’s what called Key to us.”

“And that’s why...”

“I was sae happy. Aye.” He swallows and admits the final truth, “I was hopin’ ye migh’... afore these twine fortnights were up... ye migh’ come ta love mae, Alice.” He does not look at her as he explains. “’Tis tha purpose o’ tha Courtin’: ta open twine hearts ta each o’her... if’n ’tis possible. It cannae force love but... still, there’s tha expectation... ” He pauses and swallows but his mouth is too dry and he only succeeds in making his throat ache all the worse. “I d’nae tell ye sooner because I wanted ye ta love mae ’r no’love mae... wi’out any expectation ta sway ye one way ’r the o’her.” 

“I... I see.” And he thinks, finally, she does. “Hatter, I...”

He lifts a hand. “Please, Alice,” he begs. It is painful to hear her not say his name here, now, following that confession. He cannot bear it. Once or twice she had managed to speak his given name: in moments of passion or deep caring he had been Tarrant to her, not Hatter... He cannot stand to be reminded of the distinction again. “Mayhap ’tis best if’n we... I think ye had tha righ’ o’ it. I... I’ll see ye to-morrow. At afternoon tea?” 

She nods and he tips his hat to her. The gesture is too formal; he realizes it the moment his fingers release the brim and he looks into her shocked expression. His apology sticks in his throat and he does not have the strength to pry it free. He turns away then, and just as Alice had done in the garden a moment after the pear core had tumbled from her fingertips, he flees.

*~*~*~*