George was close enough to hear Yoochun's breath catch. Yunho uncrossed his arms and held them out; Yoochun was inside them in an instant. Whatever qualms George still had about Jung Yunho vanished at the fierceness of that embrace.

"I know," Yunho whispered at Yoochun's shaking shoulders. "I know." Yoochun pressed his face into Yunho's neck, and George watched Yunho's eyes fill with tears. "Chunnie-ah," he said softly. "I've missed you."

Yoochun's response was laughter coupled with a sob. He pulled away far enough to look Yunho in the eye. "It ends now?" he asked Yunho.

"It Ends Now," Yunho answered, voice rich with emotion and certainty no video could have conveyed. George could see the differences between him and Changmin's captor all the more clearly as she stood in his presence.

His presence. Like the bubbles in champagne or the sudden flood of moonlight on a dark night, the very air around Yunho seemed to spread and envelope everyone in the room. George felt herself lifting up onto her toes...

"Stay with us," a voice from far away said. George felt a hand brush along her arm, pulling her down, anchoring. There was a pressure on her collarbones, and she fell with a thud. Back into Junsu's body.

She was breathing low and shallow, but able to focus on the room once more. Yunho stepped back, lifting his hand from her chest, and Yoochun smiled down at her from where she had been caught by Jaejoong before hitting the floor.

"I apologize," Yunho said with a bow of his head. "When I shift space, there is a residual energy." He gave her a half smile. "I hoped Junsu's body would shield you from the worst of it."

"It took me almost four months to get used to it," Yoochun told her.

"I'm still not used to it," Jaejoong said with a note of real pleasure in his voice.

George blinked up at them, finally addressing Yunho. "Are you saying you can pull souls without touching?"

"Yes," Yunho nodded.

She lifted a hand to where he'd pressed his thumb and fingers below her neck. "And put them back at will?

Again, "Yes."

Fuck me. "And reapers?" She had to ask.

"Are under my domain."

"You can control our souls as well?"

Yunho leaned down to offer her his hand. "Never against your will," he answered, waiting for her to accept his grasp.

George leveled her gaze at him. "What are you?" She already knew, but she needed to hear him say it.

"I walk between worlds," Yunho answered, hand still outstretched. His eyes crinkled a little about the edges. "I created the jar."

"You're a god," she raised her hand toward his. "Like Junsu."

"Junsu is my opposite," Yunho affirmed. "My brother and my counter-part."

Her fingers touched his. Nothing happened. Yunho smiled wider.

"You can trust me, Georgia Lass."

George took his hand. "How did they get Changmin?"

Something furtive and very dangerous crossed Yunho's face, but George knew it was no threat to her. He gripped her hand in his and pulled her to her feet. "The Earth Dragon wandered too close to the pit."

After everything else that night, George wondered that she could still be stunned. "Changmin's a dragon?"

"That's one word for him," Jaejoong said under his breath. Yoochun bit his lip, but his eyes were shining.

George shook her head, saw the whole picture at last. "Junsu and Yunho, you're both gods." She turned to Jaejoong. "What are you, Angel-boy? Time to fill in the rest."

Jaejoong pressed his lips together, pushed them out in a little round. A breeze blew through the room, caressed her cheek. He raised an eyebrow and asked, "Don't you know yet?"

"Wind," she guessed. "Some kind of air-being." Jaejoong smiled at her, gave a single nod. She looked at Yoochun. "And you're like me." He gave her a teary smile. George realized this was probably very rare for them to be able to speak of their identities freely.

Or not. "Dong Bang Shin Ki," she murmured. The room got very still. Yoochun wiped his eyes, and Yunho reached for Jaejoong's hand.

"You need to come home," Yunho said, looking around at the three of them. George felt herself nod with the other two.

"Press conference, then airport," Jaejoong told him.

"I'll meet you when it's time," Yunho promised.

Yoochun rubbed a hand over Yunho's back, then leaned in for a quick hug. Yunho kissed him on the forehead. "You won't be alone, Yoochun," he said reassuringly. Yoochun nodded, sniffled and left the room.

Jaejoong was just looking at Yunho, and Yunho was looking back. George recognized the same look she'd seen when Jaejoong had showed her the picture on his phone. There was love here, undeniable. She took a step toward the other room, expecting she'd be intruding if she stayed. They surprised her and stepped apart, let go.

"Soon," Yunho whispered.

"Soon," Jaejoong echoed.

And in just that moment, Yunho was gone.

"Wait," George said suddenly. "Did you say 'press conference?'"