This is a work of one of my fantasies. Any resemblance to any
existing people or events is coincidental. These stories are my
desires and fantasies and will stay at that. If a story involving
sexual contact with minors bothers you or is illegal where you
live, stop reading now. I know I'm not a good writer, but at
least I am trying to "entertain" you.

Any feed back or suggestions
 1darkstar@mail.com

Older mother, son incest

Part 1

What a loser. 36 years old, Lost my job, flat and girlfriend in
the same month. Now I have to go home to baby sit my mum. Got the
call from my sister who was desperate for help, being a dutiful
brother and son I agreed to go home.  Can't really moan, I can
stay rent free until I sort myself out.
My sister open the door, she looked extremely stressed a tired,
her hair UN kept, cheap joggers on and a sleepless, wrinkled
face.
"Christ, what happened to you" think I'd better be more
sympathetic as she was about to cry.
"Good luck, you'll need it, I can't win, and she's driving me
crazy"
She pushed past me with her bags and headed for her car.
"Stop, stop, what do I need to know and do?"
"she can look after herself mostly, keep an eye on her when she
cooks, make sure she showers , I've left a list for you, I'll
call you in a couple of days to check on you. I NEED this break"
"It can't be that bad sis; she's only losing her memory"
"You'll see" she shouted out her car window as she pull out and
drove away.
I walked into the house and saw mum, she didn't look any
different. For a 64 year old she was hanging in there. She always
had short bleach blond hair because it was easier to keep. She
walked everywhere so keep herself fit.
"Hello sweet heart, glad your back, want a cup of tea" What was
my sister on about, she seemed normal. It was a little strange
when she came up and cuddled me and a little kiss. She was never
a cuddly mum.
"Yeh I'll just put my case in the bedroom and grab a shower, I've
been on the road all day"
I quickly washed and sat down for my drink
"I'll UN-pack for you darling" she shouted from upstairs. After
about 10 minutes mum sat next to I and we watched some
TV.Everything seemed so normal, I was puzzled to why my sister
was so upset. Perhaps they just clashed. It was getting late and
mum said she was tired and headed to bed. There was the normal
boring stuff on TV, so I headed for the computer and surfed. A
few beers later and has found some porn. I hadn't had any relief
for days. After about 20minutes I headed to bed.
                                Where had mum put my clothes? I
couldn't find them in any of the draws, must be her condition, I
was too tired to go looking, I stripped down and went to bed.
  I was woken early by mum; she had come into my room, banging
the door open.
"Why are you sleeping in here, did we have an argument last
night? I know I'm getting forgetful"
She stood there in her long cotton nightie and stared at me. I
quickly pulled the sheets over me to hide my morning erection.
"No we didn't argue, I didn't want to wake you last night,
couldn't find where you had put my clothes?"
"Silly you, you put them in here and not our room "
She turned round and headed for the shower room. Our room? What
she talking about. She is getting confused; I'll have a word over
breakfast.
 I heard mum starting to make breakfast and headed down to the
kitchen.
"You want your usual darling?"
"What's my usual?"
"You are being silly, you always have 2 toast and to poached
eggs, ever since we married"
Then the penny dropped, mum thought I was our dad. He had passed
when he was 42 in an accident. This is going too hard to explain
to mum.
"Err, I'm not Jim, mum, I'm Paul you son, remember, dad died in
the car"
"Stop being silly, that's not funny, here's you breakfast" she
just didn't seem to understand what I said. She carried on in the
kitchen, tiding away the plates and then headed to her room. I
followed her; I would have to think of another way to explain
this.
I walked into her room as she was taking her blouse off.
"Sorry, I'll come back when you have changed"
"Don't be silly, you have seen it all before, can you unhook me"
I was stuck with 2 choices; leave the room and mum would become
upset and stressed again or close my eyes and help.
I decided not to upset her and reached forward and unhooked her
bra. Mum reached round and took my hands and moved them onto her
breasts.
" you haven't done this for ages" It was like being struck by
electric, I couldn't move my hands away, my panting and I could
feel myself getting turned on. She pushed back into my groin as
my erection was now fully hard. This is so wrong. Her nipples
were sticking out, large, brown and thick. I was breast feed for
my first 2 years, now my fingers and thumb was squeezing them. I
couldn't help myself as my hand slide downwards. My fingers found
the top of her skirt and pushed under her belt. They went lower
until I touched the top of her knickers. She pushed back into me
as my hand enterer her knickers and my fingers touched her curly
hair.

I could hear the phone ringing as my fingers went lower into her
mound.
"I'll have to get that; we can finish later sweet heart". Mum
pulled away and walked over to the phone.
"Hello, I'm ok thank you----------he's not here--------haven't
seen him for years"
I was only half listening as I watch mum, her 34 c breasts
sagging in front of me, her rounded arse swayed as she walked,
and then I realized it was my sister on the phone, I took it off
mum and spoke
" hi sis, see what you mean about mum getting confused, she
thinks I'm dad and keeps cooking for me "We talked for another
10minutes about how mum is and if I can cope, which I assured her
I can and promised to phone her if I needed help.
      I needed to time to think what had happened, how close I
was to having full sex with my own mother. I headed out for a
drink to clear my head. After many pints, I headed back, still
unsure of everything.
              Mum had cooked a meal for me and we shared a couple
of bottles of wine
It was getting late and mum headed up to bed, little unsteady on
her legs thanks to the drink.
"Aren't you tired" mum called down. I was more drunk than tired,
but I still needed my bed and headed up. Mum was standing in her
door way dressed in a see through short nightie with matching
black panties. I took a step back as she came towards me
"Ready to finish from this morning?" She reached out and placed
her arms around me and her lips came searching for mine, her body
up against mine
"It's been a long time" Our lips meet and her mouth opened as I
felt her tongue pressing into my mouth. I couldn't stop myself
and early kissed, my hands moved onto her behind. My hands cupped
her arse cheeks and squeezed. I pulled her hard against my erect
cock. I made the decision then that there was no going back.  I
use my body to push her onto the bed, all the time deep kissing
and pulling her arse, squeezing and spreading it. She lay back on
the bed as ripped the ties off her nightie exposing her breast
with their large brown areola and thick, hard erect nipples point
up. I held her hands above her head and layer on top of her. I
used my knee to spread her legs open. I moved my lips from hers
down to her nipple, my tongue lightly teasing the tip. Then my
mouth covered as much of her areole as it could and sucked. My
mouth filled with mum's breast, I gently clamped my teeth at the
base of her nipple and let my tongue flick and tease the tip of
her nipple
 I held her arms with one hand, my other moved down to push my
shorts down, freeing myself. I brush passed her mound to find the
elastic of her knickers and pulled them to the side. My pre-cum
cock sprang forward to find her slit. I moved up to kiss her and
at the same time my cock found her opening. I wanted to be
gentle, but the lust took control and I push fully in. The pre
cum lube the entre as I fully penetrated her. Her eyes widened
with...fear or lust, I couldn't stop as I continued to ram in and
out. My tongue deep in her mouth. I knew I couldn't last long.
"Can you feel my cock, I'm going to cum, I'm cuming mum, can you
feel me cumming, take my seed"
With the last push, fully in her I released my cum, deep inside
her. Wave after wave of cum, squirting in her. This was the most
breath taking orgasm I had ever had. I lay on top until I was
limp and fell out and rolled next to her. I looked down as her
knickers moved back, noticing the trail of wet cum trail across
her knickers and a developing wet patch where my fluids was
coming out.
"I'm a bit tired now" she reached down and pulled the blanket
over us and curled up. She was a sleep within minutes. I lay
there, had I raped her? Did she get any enjoyment? Did she
realize it was her son on top? All this was going through my
mind.
       I must have slept; I woke to smell of breakfast. Mum
called up to wake me. I entered the kitchen; mum had showered and
was wearing her casual joggers.
"Toast and eggs, your tea is coming"
"Thanks mum "I muffled the last word quickly. I didn't know how
to react today.
"How you today, you were up early, what we got planned"
"We need some shopping darling, you enjoy last night, and it's
been a long time" I could see on her face she was trying to
remember the last time.
I had to make a decision, carry on or just run.
"Did you enjoy last night Darling? I dint want to disappoint you"
Mum brought my tea over and sat next to me. The memory of last
night was turning me on again. I placed my hand on her thigh, my
fingers moved round to her inner thigh as she parted her legs
slightly.
"You need to lose all that hair" my finger was tracing her slit
over her bottoms.
"You know how embarrassed in got, the last time, I can't do it
again"
"Do you want to make me happy or not?"
"Yes darling, but, not that, please"
"When we go shopping today we can buy some razors for you. I
think from now on you will always wear stockings, suspender belt
and heels" I got up, found the car keys and headed for the door
"Coming?"
We packed the shopping away together. I left the razors out next
to me until we had finished. I handed them to mum.
"Well, don't be long and don't forget to dress for me" She took
them from me and went into the bathroom. I went into her bedroom
and waited naked on her bed. It seemed along wait before I heard
her call.

