Nasty Girl
by Dangela Carr©


Lea watched with growing lust as the redhead undressed. She stood next to a 
large oak tree, hidden by the shadow it cast. The tree was about twenty feet 
from the side of the house. It gave Lea a perfect place to watch from. This was 
the tenth night she had watched the redhead. The black cat suit she was wearing 
made access to her throbbing pussy impossible. Soon she would have the redhead 
eating her hot pussy.

The redhead stripped naked and walked out of view. Lea knew she was headed for 
the shower. The light came on in the bathroom and Lea could hear the shower come on through the open bathroom window. Perfect, now to get inside. That was not going to be a problem because Lea had a key to the house. 

She walked around to the rear of the house with King, the redhead’s dog trotting 
beside her. Lea had been feeding King for over a month, so they were quite good 
friends. The large yard was surrounded by bushes and several trees. Lea quietly 
made her way around to the rear of the house. She entered through the kitchen 
leaving King to guard the yard. Quietly she made her way through the house to 
the redhead’s bedroom. In her hand she carried a bag with a few necessities. She 
made her way over to the glass of wine on the bed stand. She dropped in the 
contents from a capsule and stirred it with a finger. She heard the shower cut 
off. Lea quickly went out to wait in the parent’s bedroom. They were on vacation 
somewhere in Hawaii. She opened the walk in closet and sat down in the chair she 
had put there earlier. Now she just had to wait about and hour or so.

After waiting about ninety minutes, she slowly and quietly made her way to the 
redhead’s bedroom door. She could hear rhythmic breathing coming from the open 
door. Peeking in she saw the redhead passed out on the bed. The bed was a queen 
sized poster bed. Showtime thought Lea. Redhead+ was still naked from her 
shower. Lea noted that she was a true redhead top and bottom. She rolled her 
over and pulled off all the bedding except the bottom fitted sheet. Using rope 
from her bag, she tied each limb to a bed post. She put a piece of duck tape 
across her mouth and checked her to make sure she was breathing. She closed up 
the window and waited for the girl to wake up. The drug she gave her was only 
supposed to put her out for a couple of hours. 

While she waited, Lea decided to shave the girl’s pussy. She wanted it bald like 
her own. This meant she had to untie her legs to get full access to her red 
haired pussy. Just as she got her shaved and retied, the girl started to stir. 
Her movements caused her freckled breast to jiggle. She struggled briefly then 
raised her head. When she saw Lea, her eyes widened in fear. For Lea stood naked 
before her. Lea was tall with an hour glass figure. Her firm breast had small 
brown areolas that were topped with hard little sensitive nipples. Her pussy 
mound was shaved clean. 

Lea crawled upon the bed and sat on the redhead’s stomach. “Hi sweetie, you look 
so good tied up like that. My pussy is just pulsating watching you.” Lea ground 
her naked pussy around on the girl’s stomach. The girl made incoherent sounds 
and the wild fear in her eyes made Lea laugh.

“Don’t worry you’ll come out of this intact, if you do as I say. Now, I’m going 
to take the tape off of your mouth. I do not want any screaming, got me?” Lea 
said firmly.

She slowly pulled back the tape and the girl let loose with a high pitched 
scream. Lea quickly put the tape back on her. She climbed off and picked up her 
bag. She took out a pair of tittie clamps and placed them on the girl. Pain shot 
through her breast causing the redhead to buck trying to get them off. But she 
was securely tied. Lea stood back and watched her squirm until she tired. She 
then climbed back on top of her again.

“Now, let’s try that again. Every time you displease me or scream, I’m going to 
give you pain,” said Lea as she removed the clamps.

She pulled back the tape and the girl moved her lips to moisten them.

“What’s your name?” Lea already knew it was Gloria. She would punish her if she 
lied. The girl must have read her mind. “Gloria . . . . .Munsford,” she said in 
a hoarse voice.

“Well, Gloria, let me just tell you what I want.” The girl’s steely blue eyes 
were locked onto Lea’s brown eyes. “I want to fuck you and suck you and cum all 
over your pretty little body. Are you a lesbian by any chance?” 

“No . . . are you crazy? You’re a girl you can’t fuck me,” whimpered Gloria

Lea politely pinched her nipples making Gloria draw her breath and squirm.

“I’m sorry, please, I’m sorry,” she began to cry.

“Shush, shush, I told you what will happen if you displease me.”

Lea scooted down so she could rub her bald pussy mound with Gloria’s. “I shaved 
you so that you could really feel me.” Lea was excited, the friction between the 
two pussies was making her cunt juices flow. 

Gloria’s head was a little woozy, but her pussy was starting to feel hot to her. 
She could feel the other woman’s pussy and sometimes their clits touched. Lea 
was ready to move on. Back in her bag, she fished out some ben wa balls and 
inserted them into her hot box. What a feeling having the balls moving around in 
her pussy. Lea removed a nipple teaser and a clit teaser from her bag. She 
placed a nipple teaser on each of Gloria’s breast then parted her lips and put 
the clit teaser on her clitty. 

Gloria began to feel the effects of the teasers. Lea sat back and watched her 
with her fingers scraping at her hot little clit. A moan escaped Gloria’s lips 
as stared at Lea in dismay. The teaser on her tits were giving her small 
orgasms. She wanted desperately to pull them off to stop the stimulation. Her 
pelvis was bucking uncontrollably as she tried to dislodge the clit teaser. The 
constant stimulation to her clit was driving her crazy. She closed her eyes and 
tried to concentrate on anything else . But it was hopeless. The ropes did not 
give her much to work with.

“Please . . . ohhh . . please . . .take them off . . .ahhggg . . . .please,” 
begged Gloria. Her hips were totally out of control. She tried to clamp her legs 
together, but they were tied apart. Her orgasm burst out of her fueled by the 
teasers. Her head flayed from side to side and her back arched. She continued to 
tremble and moan as the teasers were still working. 

Lea had to stop fingering herself before she made herself cum. The site of the 
helpless girl was overpowering. Gloria’s engorged pussy lips were glistening 
with her cum juices and moans were coming from her parched lips. Her nipples 
were hard and sensitive. Lea reached over and took all the teasers off. The 
girl’s body relaxed and she lay with her eyes closed. 

“Wasn’t that fun Gloria? You are so hot to watch. You tried like hell to fight 
that orgasm, but it got you. Ohhh, I just want to fuck you. I’d love to have a 
great big, bat sized dick to put in you. Your tight little pussy would be 
stretched wide trying to take all of my dick in,” Lea whispered in Gloria’s ear. 
She reached down and pinched a nipple and delighted in Gloria’s moan.

“Now Gloria, I know you may not have ever done this. But I want you to eat my 
pussy and make me cum. If I don’t cum, you’ll get the titty clamps back and a 
few other unpleasant painful things in my little bag.” For emphasis, she took 
out a sharp black- handled knife and laid it across Gloria’s chest. “If you bite 
me, I’ll use this on your beautiful titties.” She placed the knife back in the 
bag and straddled Gloria again. Gloria was trying to master her fear. She 
thought if she just pleased her, she would release her unharmed.

“Come on baby, eat my pussy. I want to feel your tongue up in me,” said Lea as 
she settled herself over Gloria’s face. Gloria looked up into the first woman’s 
pussy she had ever seen. Lea’s was hairless and Gloria could see her plump pussy 
lips dripping with wetness. Her clit stood out prominently. Gloria had the 
fleeting thought that it was unnaturally large. The aroma of an aroused pussy 
titillated her nose. 

Lea settled her pussy down on Gloria’s face and begin to slowly rub her sopping 
pussy all over Gloria’s face. She rubbed herself over Gloria’s forehead, her 
eyebrows, her eyes, her cheeks leaving sticky wetness all over. Gloria mindful 
of what she needed to do stuck her tongue out trying to catch her target. 
Finally, Lea stopped over Gloria’s mouth. Gloria found her mark and stabbed at 
Lea’s pussy hole. She lapped at the juices that were running out and down onto 
her face. With effort she tried to regulate her breathing. Lea fucked Gloria’s 
face with abandon. Gloria swirled her tongue and found the long clit. It was 
like sucking a little dick. Lea gyrated her hips as she rose often so the girl 
could breath. “Ooh, yeah, that’s it Gloria . . .you got my pussy on firreee,” 
she screamed out. Gloria used everything she had to bring Lea to the boiling 
point. She caught the clit lashing it over and over with her tongue. The ben wa 
balls were stimulating Lea’s pussy muscles. With a scream that chilled Gloria to 
the bone, Lea erupted into a mind-boggling orgasm that flipped her backwards. 
Gloria sucked in much needed air as Lea lay across her shaking and moaning. 

“Please let me go now,” begged Gloria. “I did what you asked.”

“Oh, my sweet, you licked my pussy like a pro,” Lea answered as she got off of 
Gloria. She did several stretches to rejuvenate her body. That orgasm had rocked 
her to her core. 

“Why are you doing this to me. Women don’t do these kind of things. I don’t know 
you so I never did anything to you,” complained Gloria.

Ohh, but you did. It was long ago, but you and your friends did do me wrong. Now 
it’s pay back time. Over ten years ago when Lea and her family lived in this 
town, Gloria and her girlfriends had been instrumental in making Lea’s life 
living hell. This was her therapy, even if it was wrong, to make all of them pay

Lea casually reached over and viciously tweaked Gloria’s nipples, enjoying the 
pain she caused. “Watch your mouth or do you just like pain?”

It was time to wrap things up. It was time to fuck the living shit out of Miss 
Gloria. Lea removed an item from her bag and held it up for ‘Gloria to see. Her 
eyes widened but she wisely didn’t comment. It was a hot pink strap on dildo, 
eight inches long and three inches around.

“I thought you might like pink,” laughed Lea. She securely strapped on the 
dildo. It stuck out obscenely from her groin. Lea thrust her pelvis back and 
forth getting a feel for the dildo. 

“I wish I was a man right now. I’d love to have a massive thick cock to stuff in 
your tight little pussy. I’d shove it up in you until you turned blue, you 
cunthole, “ Lea lamented.

Moving quickly she untied Gloria’s feet and retied them on the opposite post. 
She then did the same thing making Gloria turn over. She now lay on her stomach. 
Gloria wanted badly to beg again, but thought better of it. She just had to try 
and keep her head if she wanted to get through this. 

Lea took out a paddle and trailed it along Gloria’s back. Gloria immediately 
started to whimper softly. Lea whispered a warning in her ear, “I’m going to 
give you something you’ve long deserved. If you scream out, you’ll get an extra 
five for each scream. So I’d be real quiet if I was you,” With that, she brought 
the paddle down on Gloria’s ass cheeks. Gloria managed to stifle the scream 
before it could pass her lips. In quick succession Lea paddled her. Gloria 
bucked with each blow. When it was over her ass was red and tender to the touch. 
Gloria lay crying quietly and trembling. What had she done to this bitch who she 
didn’t even recognize. Before she could catch her breath, Lea untied her feet 
and ordered her to bring her knees up. Afraid to make her mad, Gloria pulled her 
knees up making her ass stick out. 

Lea massaged the red ass before her. She reached down and stroked the glistening 
pussy lips. Using her fingers, she parted Gloria’s thin lips and masturbated her 
clit. Gloria trembled in anticipation of more pain. Lea made her gap her knees. 
She lined the dildo up to the gapping hole. 

From watching her, Lea knew Gloria liked it rough and she planned to give it to 
her that way. She had watched Gloria and her Boyfriend go at it a couple of 
times. With a mighty thrust she buried the dildo all the way in. A loud moan 
escaped Gloria’s lips. Without giving her a chance to adjust, Lea pulled out to 
the tip and slammed back in repeatedly. Gloria felt like a hot poker was 
mangling her pussy. In and out the dildo went. Lea strained to give as much 
force as a man would. 

“Ohh, yea, you . . .fucked over . . .me and . . .now I’m fu. . .cking over you, 
bitch,” Lea screamed out.

Gloria’s already lubed pussy filled with her juices as the dildo tickled her 
cervix. Lea gripped her thighs and used the dildo as a battering ram. Gloria 
thrust back to meet Lea’s thrust. She could feel the beginnings of a powerful 
orgasm. Gloria dared not scream out for fear of being punished. But, it hurt to 
hold in her orgasm. Slowly it built to a crescendo. Gloria lost control and 
pressed her lips together to keep in her joy. Her orgasm rocked her, her cum 
lubricating the dildo even more. Lea continued to pound the dildo into her. Her 
pussy was not allowed to relax as Lea kept up the torment. In and out she 
slammed. Gloria’s knees began to give out, but Lea pinched a nipple when she 
tried to go down. The continual waves of orgasm was too much for her. She fell 
forward, passed out. Lea pulled the dildo out and fell over to the side. She was 
drained. Her anger was gone now. She would be able to put Gloria and her friends 
out of her mind now. The pain they had caused her as a child was gone. Each of 
the other two had received the same treatment.

As a young girl, Gloria, Amber and Marissa had tormented her daily. One day, on 
the pretense of possible friendship, they had lured her to Marissa’s house. 
There they had sodomized and peed on her and told her over and over she was 
thrash. She had repaid them all, now life could begin for her. 

Lea quickly cleaned up and gathered her things. She took several photos of 
Gloria sprawled out on the bed. She got several closeups of Gloria’s battered 
pussy with cum leaking out of her. She checked the tape recorder in her bag to 
make sure it had picked up everything. Lea untied Gloria and put her on her side 
then left the way she came in. The dog escorted her off the property. 









