Haven't done this since I was ten
by Janie

Well, you know how all those jacuzzis have water jets at the sides? some of them are really powerful, too. Well I go swim laps in the morning in the big pool. It takes me around an hour to swim 50 laps, then I go to the little pools areas. I don't use the jacuzzi since I passe out after staying in too long at the nudist club and broke my foot. (Yes, broke my foot; it still hurts!! I'm such a klutz!) 

So after I swim my laps I go to the small pool areas where they have kiddie stuff like ropes and slides. (OBTW, I wore the butt out of two good suits by taking Chloe down the slides between the ages of about 3 and 6. That's all the swimming i did.) So there's this one boxed off area that has a float obstacle course with four or five floats and an overhand rope. I go there to practice my kick-turns in the morning before the kids get there, for a half hour or so. I can take one stroke from a stop in the middle, do a kick-turn off the side, two strokes across to the other side, and then do another kick-turn and repeat it over. So I'll site there and do 8-10 kick-turns in rapid succession, and then coast to the side of the basin, which is about four feet deep and take a breather while I catch my breath, before I do it again. 

So I'm like on the side watching these two cute lifeguards do their rounds as I catch my breath, and I realized the most amazing thing. The pool has a very powerful water jet right on the side of the length were I'm resting, and its almost, yes, ALMOST RIGHT ON MY PUSSY. I thought, "Janie, your too old for that stuff," then almost immediately correcting myself, I said back, "NO I'M NOT!!!!" I moved over so the jet was right on my pussy, pushing myself down in the water til in bore down right on my clit. 

Well, with the fabric of the crotch on my swimsuit in the way, I could feel it as much as I wanted. So I pulled the gusset aside baring my whole pussy, but especially clit on that water jet. OMG, it was much stronger than my Hitachi Magic Wand at home! I knew it would work immediately. So I sat there as my fun spot pounded me into submission. It took like all of two minutes to do it, and suddenly I was collapsing down. Meanwhile the lifeguards kept walking by as I kept trying to smile at them, innocently. Then I started to crouch onto that water jet, and I just started to shiver and shake, writhing at the side of the pool. You would have never believed it would work so well. 

Anyhow, I did that for a couple more minutes (Okay, it was maybe like five; couldnt been more than ten.) Then I figured I must have looked suspicious. I'd had three sets of orgasms, and my whole vulva felt kinda numb. Those lifeguards couldn't known where the just were. Then I got really slutty. The true Janie was coming out. 

I pulled the gusset on my crotch over so that it left most of my pussy bare and exposed. Then I resumed doing my kick turn exercise. Flip, two strokes, flip, two strokes again, six or eight times, thinking intensely about my pussy and what the lifeguards could see. Then I went over to the side to rest, and see if anyone of them had noticed. I was pretty much the only one there, except some older women swimming out on the other side in this circular pool. 

So there I am at the side, my pussy still tingling from having orgasmed from the water jets just moments ago, and my crotch is still exposed to the water and I can feel my bare skin pressed to the side of the pool, when the lifeguard walks by on his rounds, right above me. 

"Hi," I said. 

"Hi," he replied, "Enjoying yourself?" winking at me as he did. 

OMG, I started to blush so red, he must have seen me, I mean seen I had bared my pussy. Or did he? 

"Yes, thank you," I replied. "I am enjoying myself, very very much..." 
The only thing I know now is I've got to try that again. 


luv, (slutty) Janie