“Your systems are showing stress,” Ratchet said as he poked his stylus at the datapad in his hand.

“I’m surrounded by Autobots. It’s my own personal smelting pit. The Unmaker is punishing me for his own twisted amusement,” Megatron said in a dry, flat tone.

Ratchet snickered, then removed the cable connecting Megatron to the datapad. “Well, as soon as we get your programming mapped, we can see about finding a way to break that slave code, and get you the slag away from us.”

“You’ve said as much the last few days. This grows tedious. How long can it possibly take to copy my internal coding?”

“You’re being cranky today,” Ratchet observed, then cracked a grin. “More so than usual. Does somebody need laid?” he cooed. Megatron growled low in warning, not that it ever seemed to bother the medic. True to form, Ratchet set aside the datapad, unfazed. “Prime’s busy, so I get the joy of taking you back to his quarters.” He gave Megatron a glare. “You will follow me, and not deviate from the course. When we get there you will enter, and stay there doing whatever you usually do while waiting for Prime to return. Understood?”

“Understood,” Megatron said through gritted teeth. He may have to obey Ratchet, but he didn’t have to be polite, and he hadn’t yet been ordered to use any particular title.

The walk to Prime’s quarters was more eventful than usual. Most Autobots didn’t dare say anything when Prime was with him, but now the few Megatron and Ratchet passed murmured behind their hands, and snickered as he passed. Ratchet said nothing to encourage or discourage them, and Megatron tried to ignore the sense of embarrassment creeping up on him.

Just like last time, this enslavement would end. He would be freed from his order to not harm Autobots then, and they would all pay for their disrespect.

As Prime’s door lock engaged, Megatron struggled to ignore the fact that his last enslavement had lasted over fifty vorn, and his master had been a comparatively fragile, small mech. Optimus Prime had proven rather difficult to kill over the eons.

Megatron would admit to the truth of Ratchet’s words, however. His systems were taxed, and so far the best thing he had found to stave off the need for Prime’s touch was recharge. He wouldn’t be able to avoid the inevitable, but maybe he could endure a few more days?

He huffed at his own ridiculous hopes. The scientists would not break the slave code before Megatron succumbed his body’s need for his master.

Megatron lay back, and cycled into recharge.

Only to lurch awake, spark pulsing, body humming with pent up desire. Seeing Prime standing over him, optic ridges furrowed, made the heat rush through him, enough so that his respiration became audible.

“You need it?” Prime said more than asked, his voice low.

Megatron thought of denying it, but a jag of pain stopped the lie. Slaves don’t lie to their masters.

“Megatron.” The tone demanded an answer.

“Yes, Prime,” Megatron ground out, fists clenching and unclenching by his sides.

Prime nodded. “Open,” he said, gesturing towards Megatron’s interface panel. Megatron obeyed, fighting the urge to spread his legs further. There was no denying Prime was uncomfortable with this, and Megatron was not going to make it any easier on him.

Prime sat on the edge of the berth, his back to Megatron, careful that his hip didn’t touch Megatron’s side. His hand hesitated over Megatron’s pelvis for a moment.

“It doesn’t matter how good it is,” Megatron told him, fists balled up tight as he tried to keep the need out of his voice. He could feel his valve lubricating already, and heat tingled throughout his body. “Just that it happens.”

“I’m not used to-“ Prime cut himself off, and squared his shoulders. “Release your spike.”

Megatron blinked in confusion at the back of Prime’s head even as he obeyed. Was the great Optimus Prime a valve mech? That was considered so submissive. As long as he’d known Prime, Megatron could admit that he would never have pegged him for submissive in the berth. Or anything really, not with the way he liked to throw himself in Megatron’s path for confrontation after confrontation.

The hand that closed around his spike was strong, the grip firm. Megatron focused on his respiration, trying to keep it as close to normal as possible. Prime was facing away from him completely, his other hand curled over the side of the berth.

Megatron struggled with the urge to thrust into the smooth strokes. Was this it? Was this all Prime wanted from this aspect of their new dynamic? There was a shame, a humiliation there, and the programming and old conditioning conspired against Megatron, telling him he wasn’t worthy of being fully claimed by Prime.

He shook it off, and bit back a gasp. How long had it been since he’d taken a lover? Too long, his body screamed, and he was no longer able to keep the sharp panting breaths from escaping. Certainly not since waking on Earth, and Megatron wasn’t particularly given to pleasuring himself either.

The stroking picked up in pace, expert squeezes, and a thumb rubbing over the tip pulled a gasp from Megatron. His hips twitched back and forth in rhythm to Prime’s touch. Megatron shuttered his optics and bit his lip, giving over to the rising ecstasy, thrusting in earnest now.

He grunted once with his overload, stifling any further sounds through sheer will. Prime stroked him though it, then stood without looking at Megatron when his spike retracted.

At the sound of water running in the washracks, Megatron sat up. He closed his interface panel, grimacing at the silvery-purple spatter of his transfluid on his abdomen and lower chest plating.

“The washrack is all yours if you want it,” Prime said, and exited to the front room without even so much as a glance at Megatron.

Megatron wasted no time in going. He set the solvent temperature to just hotter than was comfortable, and relaxed into the burn, sinking back against the wall. He was shaking in reaction, assaulted by memories and the poisonous lick of humiliation. Even if this did end, how would he ever look Prime in the optics again?

A whisper in his mind said slaves weren’t good enough to look their masters in the optic.

With a snarl, and more force than necessary, Megatron changed the solvent setting to cold, and began scrubbing vigorously.

He eventually regained his center, and set about a more thorough grooming, going so far as to buff a thin oil into his armor. Megatron did not consider himself vain, but he knew he wasn’t ugly. His old master had often stated how esthetically pleasing Megatron was. For a time it had gotten him out of the mines. Unfortunately, the pain of interfacing made the mines seem better than getting to lay there while other slaves worked his plating into a mirror shine.

Megatron glanced into the mirror when he was finished. He was Lord of the Decepticons, tyrant of the galaxy, and rightful ruler of Cybertron. He would ignore the heat of shame that kept trying to work its way into his face, and look Prime right in his optics. He was not going to bow to these Autobots. Not even their leader. He had his pride after all. They would never see him less than perfect again.

Megatron strode out to the main room with all the easy grace and confidence he was known for. Prime turned from the energon dispenser, two cubes in his hands, and blinked.

“Nice shine,” he said, gaze sweeping warmth over Megatron’s traitorous body.

Smirking, Megatron stepped forward, and snatched one of the cubes. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard a worse pick up line.”

Prime’s optic ridge popped up, but he said nothing as Megatron sipped at his energon, and perused the book files. When he turned back, Prime was lounging in one chair, and already reading. Megatron picked a file at random, and joined Prime, sprawling into the opposite chair, and slinging one leg over the arm.

As Megatron read the dry, inaccurate history, he was pleased to note the lack of tension in his systems. At least it seemed the hand-given overload was enough. For now.