My Megan Part 4 (mf) by Foxbat



Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are completely fictional,
and bear no intended resemblance to characters in real life.  This story
contains graphic sex, in some cases non-consensual, and should not be
read if such stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

   Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the
disclaimer and author's name remain intact and unaltered. For previous
parts, or other stories of mine, please check out http://assm.asstr.org.
You can search by title or author, or just browse.  Happy reading.
Thanks to ASSTR, I also have a website at http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/
where you can find all of my work.  This is also available via ftp at
ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/foxbat/


   Feedback, comments, suggestions, etc are always welcomed and
appreciated at foxbat00@gmail.com

My thoughts and comments are at the bottom, as per usual.


**For previous parts, go to http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat**


My Megan Part 4 (mf) by Foxbat



Chapter 15:  Aftermath

   I lifted my head from the floor, a wicked headache burning through my head, and 
opened my eyes to see Megan's quite concerned face leaning over me.  I closed my eyes, 
and grimaced, as I remembered how I came to be lying on the floor unconscious.  I 
opened my eyes again.

   "What should we do?" asked Megan.  I looked up at her.  We had a couple of choices - 
1) pretend nothing had ever happened, and hope the teacher would too, 2) go now and 
confront her, and essentially try to talk her into being quiet, or hope that she was 
understanding.  Megan and I discussed for a few minutes what to do, and eventually 
decided on the first option - just pretend nothing had happened and hope the shit 
wouldn't hit the fan.  I sorted out our clothes, pausing to kiss Megan and let my hands 
roam over her smooth body, and now hairless pussy.  I explained how she would have to 
shave it anew every few days, so things wouldn't get itchy and nasty, but that wasn't 
much of a hardship, since she had legs to shave as well.

   If you've ever had  a girl with a shaved pussy, you can never go back.  Its just so so 
so much better.  No more picking pubic hairs out of your teeth after going down on her, no 
hunting through dark jungles for various vital organs, hidden in the hills and valleys of a 
forest.  I looked down at her cunt admiringly, as I splayed her pussy lips and lightly 
played with her.  She hugged me again, kissing me, and thanking me for a wonderful 
night.  I helped her get dressed again, and we left the room, walking out into the cold 
winter air.  I wrapped my arm around her, pressing her to me as we found my car in the 
parking lot.  I drove her slowly back to her house, relishing the physical contact between 
us in the dark car.

   Arriving at her house, I got out to walk her up to the door.  As we stood there waiting 
for her parents to answer, she leaned close and whispered that the cum dripping down her leg 
tickled.  Despite my bacchanalian exploits, I was instantly hard.  I looked down at the 
blond girl standing next to me.  She was funny, attractive, sexy, intelligent.  She was 
what I'd been looking for in a girl since I started looking at girls.  Just as the door 
opened, I gave her ass a little squeeze to acknowledge her comment.  

   I shook hands with her father, who was impressed with my punctuality, and departed, 
driving slowly home, thinking the whole way.  I tore myself apart relentlessly, trying to 
figure out how I really felt about the girl who I'd taken out this night.  I remembered the 
almost whimisical impulse to blackmail her that was the cause of our acquaintance.  I 
tried to remember the weeks of mannequin-like sexual services she's rendered to me 
before realizing the power and joy inherit in sex.  

   Now, when we fucked, she was like a possessed woman - everything else melted away.  
I strongly suspected that she'd become fascinated with the whole thing.  Apart from me, 
there was something enthralling about sex which she couldn't get enough of.  Like a 
small kid fascinated with legos, she wanted to connect everything up in every possible 
manner, and each new kink was incredibly exciting.  I had seen her rubbing her thighs 
together in the car ride back, still relishing the first shaving of her pubes.  And, when I 
gave her the enema kit, I could see that she was dying to try it out on her own, and see 
what interesting new sensations it could produce.  

   Before Megan had left my car, she had leaned over and whispered the magic three 
words into my ear.  I had been so stunned I hadn't known what to say.  I mean, I suppose 
its only natural after a night like the kind we'd had, but that doesn't prepare you for it 
when it comes.  I was still trying to decide if I loved her the way she clearly loved me.  I 
pulled into my dark driveway, and walked wearily into the house, letting sleep overtake 
my questions and troubles.


Chapter 16:  A Present for Her...

   Christmas was fast approaching, and winter break loomed large.  On the one hand, no 
kid in his right mind would deny that time off from school is a reason to celebrate.  On 
the other, time off from school likely meant time off of Megan, and I want as much time 
on Megan as possible.  And then there was the question of what to get for that girl....

   I'd thought about it off and on and not really come to any good conclusion.  I was still 
thinking that there was no way this could possibly last past my graduation, so I didn't 
want to send a message that would give her the wrong impression.  On the other hand, 
things were going well, and I didn't want that fact to get in the way of enjoying our 
remaining time.  It was like being old, I thought, you become so aware of how little time 
you have left with something you love.

   I finally settled for some quite pricey reservations to one of the nicest restaurants in 
town.  And a little shopping trip afterwards.  I'd made some decent money during the 
summers, and I really couldn't much think of a better thing to spend it on.  

   I have to admit, that I was also quite curious what she would do for this occasion and 
even a bit worried.  I cast such thoughts out of my mind though, and focused on living 
through exams.  Megan and I saw each other a couple times, but each time was basically 
just a wild fuck session to relieve the enormous stress we were both under.  

***

   I shook Mr. Johnson's hand as he greeted the door.  It was the first day of our winter 
break, and a light dusting of snow was coming down in the beautiful dark night, 
snowflakes glittering magically in the light emanating from the doorway to the Johnson 
house.  
   "So you're taking my daughter out to dinner?"  he asked, with a raised eyebrow.  I 
certainly planned to take his daughter, and I think dinner figured somewhere in the plans.  
I looked him in the eye, and replied, "Yes sir."

   "May I ask where?"  he inquired.  I mentioned the name of the restaurant and watched 
as his eyes moved from my eyes to my feet and back up again, as if this new information 
were cause for a re-evaluation of the situation.  There was a moment of silence.

   "That's a nice place," he commented.  I nodded my agreement.  I was still standing 
outside the threshold, but I was dressed warmly and the cold only helped to make the 
night feel more vigorous.  I caught a glimpse of movement on the staircase, and, 
following my eyes, Mr. Johnson spun around.  Megan was standing there, dressed in a 
warm wool winter coat, looking gorgeous.  I took her hand, nodded to Mr. Johnson, and 
we departed.

***

   Dinner was excellent, and, despite the near-heart attack I had when they gave me the 
bill, it was quite a pleasant experience.  Megan and I sat on opposite ends of a small 
candle-lit table and just made small talk for most of the dinner, exchanging stories about 
family, friends and places.  It was the kind of getting-to-know-routine that was still a 
little incomplete in our case.

   After some excellent desert and coffee, I helped Megan back into her coat, and we 
walked out in the cold to my car.  I turned the ignition, the engine rolled over a few times 
and then caught.  I could see Megan start to say something, but I looked over at her, and 
smiled.  

   "We're not quite done with my part of the night yet," I told her.  I was quite fascinated, 
as already mentioned, by her fascination with things sexual, and I was planning on taking 
full advantage of this.  We drove through several towns, and into a shadier section on the 
fringe of a city not far away.  I'd gone checking before to make sure the area was safe, 
and to find exactly the right store I wanted to take her to.

   I parked the car a block or so away, and we got out, Megan following me as I walked 
under the awnings next to the buildings.  I finally stopped next to a set of double doors, 
and beckoned for Megan to enter.  She reached out to open the door, and then looked 
down in shock when she realized the door handle was really a 15 inch rubber penis, with 
a head and lined with veins and all.  I smiled at her, as she smiled back and we went in.

   If you've never gone into a sex shop, you should do so sometime.  Just walking around 
is sort of a crash survey of human sexuality and fetish.  Megan looked slightly fearful at 
first - she had no idea what kind of place this was or what kind of people might be 
within, and had certainly never seen some of the things that were up on the walls.  We 
walked along one wall, covered in racks of porno videos, and, after a nod from me, she 
would stop and read the back of a few that caught her attention.  I could see her eyes 
widen with each synopsis she read.  We reached the end of the video section, and, opting 
to skip out on the gay rack, moved directly to a wall covered in various dildos and butt-
plugs.  She tentatively touched a few, looking at the more complicated ones with some 
sense of confusion, until she'd read the little placard.  Some had vibrators, some 
ejaculated, some were designed for strap-on use.  Some came in pairs, some were glass, 
some stone, some rubber.  There were huge fist shaped ones, and smaller vibrators 
designed for use on the clit.  Megan looked with disbelief that some of the larger ones 
would ever actually fit a real woman until I showed her a pornmag about fisting.  We 
progressed to a wall covered in BDSM toys and gear - hanging apparatus, handcuffs and 
armbinders and harnesses of all sorts.  There were bras covered in spikes with holes for 
the nipples to poke out, and black leather panties with a split crotch, scary masks and 
hoods of all varieties and tons of other leather wear.  She walked down the wall, running 
her hand across the latex, leather, and vinyl costumes, still in shock.  I trailed behind her, 
letting her pick the path, and watching with enjoyment at her amazement.  

   We walked past a jewelry section, with nipple clamps of all sorts, small hair-pin-like 
clit jewelry, piercings, posters of women with all sorts of rings and bars stuck through 
them, needles, and such.  There were electro-torture kits, vacuum pumps, all sorts of 
bizarre equipment for bizarre fetishes.  Megan was wide eyed.  We wound up back where 
we started after wading through a section of lubricants and more tame sex toys.  I could 
see in Megan's eyes that some new horizons had been opened, and they were ones I was 
quite intent on exploring.  

   "Is there something you'd like to get?" I asked Megan, who was still looking around in 
awe at all the stuff.  She just looked at me and hugged me, giggling.  She decided this 
was all too much and she'd take a rain check - we'd have to come back another time for 
that.  Which was fine with me.


Chapter 17:  A Present for Me...

  We walked quietly back to the car, bodies pressed close against the cold winter air.  I 
started to drive us back to Megan's house, but she corrected me that we should be 
heading to school.  I asked about her father - I wasn't looking forward to being killed by 
him when I brought his girl back hours late.  She told me she'd told him we were also 
attending a play after dinner though.  She smiled with one of her amazingly beautiful ear 
to ear grins.  I drove up on campus, the snow already coating the quad with an eerie 
white, our car leaving two tracks in the virgin snow as I pulled to a stop in a back parking 
lot.  We walked briskly into the building and then up to the newsroom.  Megan pulled out 
a piece of black fabric, and handed it to me.  I looked at it questioningly as she told me to 
blind-fold myself.  I did as she asked and waited in the hall while "she got everything 
ready inside."  It was an agonizing wait.

   After what seemed an eternity, I heard the door click open, soft foot-steps until I felt 
her hand take mine.  I let her lead me into the room, and stand me in the center of the 
room.  I felt her hands undoing my shirt, and then, pulling it off me.  I felt her delicate 
little hands undoing my belt, and my zipper, and I started to get hard just from the 
proximity of her hands, and from the almost ticklish sensation that being blindfolded and 
having someone else touch you produces.  I let her finish undressing my until I was 
completely naked save for the blindfold.  Her touch left me for a second and then she 
pushed me down until I sat in a chair she'd positioned.  I waited, somewhat nervous at 
what might await me when I took off the blindfold.  After a few more seconds, Megan 
told me I could take it off.  I reached behind my head, and untied it.  I opened my eyes, 
which were immediately drawn to what seemed like hundreds of candles Megan had 
placed around the room on just about every horizontal surface, transforming it from a 
dingy nasty student publication office to a romantic and erotic wonderland.

   My eyes drifted back to Megan.  She was standing there in front of me, watching my 
reaction, as I let my eyes drift lower.  Allow me to take a time out here to give you some 
background.  Megan, although quite an athlete, was still very much into what one might 
label as typical woman things.  She enjoyed baking cookies, and doing little handi-crafts 
that no one but other girls and women ever really care about.  I knew that she'd made a 
few of her outfits herself, but, compared to the talents I was interested in, her domestic 
traits had always been back-burner.  What I saw before me now though, could only have 
been made by her.  And it was impressive.  There was a long strip of red velvet, the type 
that really really nice ribbons on expensive presents are made from, about 6 inches wide, 
which ran from her neck down to her croth, tapered nicely to pass through her legs, and 
ran vertically up her back towards her neck, where it joined the one on the front, with a 
hole allowing her neck to fit through it without disrupting the lines.  A second strip of the 
same red velvet ran around her circumferencially, covering her breasts.  Where the two 
crossed, right in the center of her chest, was a large fancy bow.  She was completely 
naked other than this ribbon-attire.

   I didn't know whether to shit myself or come all over myself.  She walked towards me 
seductively, enjoying the youthful sexuality which she'd come to possess.  I could tell 
that she loved the shock I was in and the sense of being in control.  

   "Don't you want to unwrap your present?"  She asked.  I, not usually one to be lost for 
words, was lost for words.  On the top ten list of erotic moments in my life, this definitely 
had just scored number one.  I reached up, and gently removed the fancy bow from the 
center of her chest.  It had been velcroed on.  I stood, letting my rock-hard erection press 
between her legs, and reached up to her neck.  I held her, and kissed her deeply, letting 
my tongue swirl around the inside of her mouth.  Our tongues played tag for a minute 
before I broke the kiss and rocked her head to the side as I kissed down her neck towards 
the velco closure where the fabric went around her neck.  I took the soft velvet in my 
mouth, and gently pulled it loose.  I kissed back up her neck, pausing for a moment to 
dwell on her mouth, before repeating the procedure on the other side.  I reached down 
and gently pulled the velvet off her, admiring, not for the first time, her wonderful young 
breasts and body.  I let my hands run all over her, feeling hers on mine.

   She broke our kiss, and, trailing her tongue down my chest, began to fellate my cock.  I 
was already rock hard, and her gentle ministrations only made me want her more badly.  
As I closed my eyes, I felt her hands closing around my scrotum, a sensation I love.  
Although this time, she pulled harder than usual, and, releasing my dick from her mouth, 
she gently pulled me down to the floor, and arranged me so that I was lying on my back.  
I let my hand casually fondle her labia, running back and forth through the dripping wet, 
hot folds, prompting her to take her breath in short gasps.  After a minute though, she 
pulled away from me - I understood that this was to be her night.  With me still lying on 
the floor, she walked towards me sexily on her hands and knees, her ass high in the air.  
She flipped one knee over to the other side of my head, and slowly lowered her delicious 
cunt onto my face, holding herself just high enough that I would have to work to have 
any effect.

   I lapped away at her wonderful freshly shaved pubes, enjoying the view upwards past 
the mountains of her breasts towards her face.  After only a few minutes, she lifted 
herself up, and slid down my body, so that she was straddling my groin.  My dick was at 
full attention, and was bobbing up, bouncing off her stomach.  She looked absolutely 
gorgeous straddling me like that, and when she smiled, I thought I might come.  I could 
barely restrain myself from grabbing her hips and yanking her down, and giving her the 
ass-fucking of a lifetime.  I held on to myself however, letting her take the lead.

   She reached one arm back around behind her neck, lifting her breasts upwards and 
outwards, and she took my cock in the other hand.  I still expecting her to lube her ass up, 
when she took my dick and guided it through the folds of her pussy, using it like a dildo 
to stimulate her clit and labia.  I closed my eyes, enjoying the rubbing sensation against 
hot-wetness on my dick, and rocked my head back.  I was completely unprepared 
however, when I felt her sitting down on my dick, letting it enter her vagina.  My eyes 
sprung open, and my head shot up, right as she came to rest, her hips against mine, my 
cock firmly embedded in her cunt.  

   I suppose I should remind you that we'd never done this before.  I had engaged in all 
sorts of perversions with Megan, and I enjoyed use of her ass on a regular basis since our 
relationship had changed from a weekly somewhat forced blowjob session into 
something more.  But from the first time that Megan and I had discussed her virginity, I 
had respected her wish to save that area for marriage.  I had violated her ass, I had 
violated her mouth, and stuffed fingers up her twat to my delight, but never once had I 
even so much as joked or teased her about keeping that place holy.  

   So for her to decide she wanted to have real, straight up vaginal sex with me wasn't a 
small consideration, and it wasn't something that I thought she would do lightly.  If I had 
known or suspected this, I probably would have tried to talk her out of it, but now that 
she'd made the decision, the best thing to do was to graciously accept it.  

   I looked up into her eyes, and squeezed my groin muscles, causing my dick to expand 
slightly.  Neither of us had moved since the penetration, and I was transfixed by the slight 
of her lips splayed around my shaft disappearing into her pink interior.  I felt her squeeze 
me back, and I watched as she slowly lifted herself almost all the way off my pole and 
sank slowly back down on it again, with both hands high behind her neck, showing off 
her wonderful tits and flat stomach.  

   She continued to alternate slowly impaling herself on and raising herself off my cock, 
as I watched my dick penetrating the glistening folds of her bald pussy.  The act still had 
the stigma of a forbidden fruit, which only made the sensation more intense as I reached 
up and pulled her downwards towards me, so that we were pressed together, but with my 
cock still pushed all the way up her cunt.  I kissed her, and reached back to spread her 
buttocks and I began to rock my hips upwards, driving my cock into her warm wet pussy.  
She moaned in arousal, and ground her pelvis back against me, running her hands all over 
my chest and head. 

  Megan's cunt provided an entirely different sensation from her ass.  Her ass was tight as 
all get out, and the friction was almost painful unless I used copious amounts of lube.  
Even then, the muscles were always doing the natural thing, and trying to expel my dick 
as if it were a turd, which felt quite nice actually.  Her cunt was much wetter, and 
penetration was infinitely easier - the muscles wanted me to stay here.  I marveled at the 
sensation as I pulled her hips back down and arched my back, pushing more of my penis 
into her hot box.

   Megan's face was already flushed with arousal, and when I grabbed her hips and started 
hammering into her as forcefully as I possibly could, it pushed her over the edge.  Her 
hand shot for her crotch, as I pushed back upright, perpendicular to me, running quick 
frantic circles around her clit.  Using both hands to hold her still, I bucked my hips up 
into her as fast as I humanly could, I could see her mouth open in a silent scream as I 
looked up, and I could feel her muscles tensing in orgasm as I continues to pound her.  
Right as she was peaking, I reached up and pulled her back down to me by the nipples, 
changing my rhythm of relentless fast hammering to one of slow hard strokes, holding 
my dick in her pausing for a small second at the apogee of each thrust. 

   She had a far off look on her face and moaned continuously as I built towards my 
orgasm.  I pushed a finger into her ass as I spread her butt-cheeks, feeling it pressing 
against my dick through the thin skin separating them.  I was right on the edge of orgasm, 
and the muscular contractions in her pussy which were part of her orgasm pushed me 
straight over the edge.  I pushed in as far as I possibly could, and let loose with a load of 
cum the quantity of which I'd never unleashed before.  Pulse after pulse of my hot love-
goo shot into Megan's impaled cunt as I held her hips down, keeping my cock shoved 
fully inside her.

***

   When I had come down from my exorbitant high, my dick was still embedded in her 
pussy, and she was lying face down on top of me, her face pressed over my shoulder.  I 
reached up and hugged her to me, as my limp dick slipped out of her pussy.  I could feel 
her hugging me back, but it took me a second to realize she was sobbing gently.  I didn't 
know exactly what had happened - she definitely enjoyed the orgasm, and had seemed 
pretty keen on the whole thing from the onset.  I said nothing and hugged her tighter, 
letting her get her cry out without interruption or need for explanation.  I figured it was 
maybe just a girl thing related to the loss of virginity.  
   
   After a few minutes, Megan sat up and wiped the tears from her red face, and smiled 
down at me.
   
   "I'm sorry," she said, "I don't know why I cried.  I.... It was just a lot more intense 
than I thought it was going to be, and I thought about our first time, and I..."  

   I hadn't seen this sort of emotional confusion in Megan since I'd first started fucking 
her.  I pulled her back towards me, and we just sort of cuddled for a while, spooning.  Her 
breathing finally calmed down, and I found myself thinking about how much life at 
college would suck without her.  Blackmailing and raping her had definitely been one of 
the best decisions of my life.  

   After a while, Megan and I cleaned up the room, and did the usual clothes sort before 
departing.  I dropped her off at home with a good night kiss, and drove slowly home, 
thinking.  Things had come a long way, and I wanted to make the best of the spring 
before time ran out.


To be continued...



------

I sort of lost momentum here for a little while, but hopefully the weeks ahead won't quite 
be so hard.  Lots of time invested in the girlfriend lately, which is good.  I'm dying to tell 
her about ASSM/ASSTR, but I have no idea how she would react.  Especially if she 
decided to read something I wrote, since most of it is pretty shocking stuff if you're not 
used to idea of writing fantasy stories about graphic non-consensual sex.  Oh well.

As always, I love to hear people's thoughts comments and advice, so drop me a line at 
foxbat00@gmail.com

Yours,
Foxbat


