Authors Note This story is entirely a work of fiction the output of my
warped imagination.  Under no circumstances should any one attempt to enact
this in real life.  Enjoy the fantasy for what it is, a fantasy.

   Story codes MM, FF F+M+, bb, Mb, Fb, rough, nc, exhib, voyeur, wrestling

Predator Rules
Mum bustled around the kitchen unit with her usual domestic efficiency.  From to table to dishwasher no time was wasted, no motion seemed necessary.  My sister and did as bid and helped with washing up the baking trays used for the various textured flavoured protein block we were issued with. In the lounge dad was watching the vid panel  flicking through the channels with an eye to the clock. We all watched the clock at 8 dad would begin to scan the local cctv  channels,  soon the black clad families and individuals would be coming out. Bare footed on the auto swept pavements. I use the term mum and dad loosely,  I suppose our mother was the cities breading centre and we were just more sustainers. Keeping a human presence on a world isolated by the sub space flux that had left us cut off. The data about who we are had been lost ages ago when the storms hit. What remained was the scientific and engineering data to sustain life in the dome. How we now lived we knew was a corruption of what we should be. 

Driven and dominated by the sacred mind, the flux had turned our social focus into a blind worship of lust and sexuality fractured with a dominance code that gave the pred and prey cycle. It also gave us the games. The streets of the city doubled as a training circuit for running, athletics and block ball. Block Ball was played between two Hab blocks set half  a kilometre apart. The rules were simple by what ever means get the ball across the opposing sides line using two teams of 30. 

Almost every day after work and school the teams gathered. Formed around districts and divided into age band leagues. Players wore extra protective head gear and their district badge. Preds and Prey could play but were limited to opposing team members.  If you didn't play you faced the normal pred and prey rules.

 The last bots stowed for the night. Despite the darkness it   was 35 out there across the community the heat from the fusion plant   ducted through the street lamps and side grills  kept the  night as warm   as the day. The only light was from the prey houses. Our large windows automatically depolarised revealing every thing.  Not that I knew what it was like not to be revealed. Like the preds outside our tight suits covered only legs torso and arms. Feet, crotch buttocks and breasts    remained by law uncovered. Masks and hoods were optional.  Our red  suits marked us as the prey, waiting for the predators,  two days ago it had been our turn. One day in 10  as preds we raided, one day in 10  as prey we waited to be raided in the evening and faced the preds in daily life. Each family chose the days for pred and prey, but they had to be chosen and could not be avoided. The remaining 8 we wore the same cut of body suit but as blues we watched or pleasured by consent.  Our hab block was in the standard format a clear sided unit with four rooms. On the landing we shared common hygiene stations with the other inhabitants of our level. The units were a line of floor trays with shower units and soap dispensers. The hole in floor the took the waste wash water and bodily effluent. You simply stepped out of your unit and performed the necessary functions. The line was open and unsegregated. To wash you made sure you were wearing a wrist and ankle bands of the right colour. White if you were under 8 and grey if you were over 150, these two colours excused a person from the Pred - Prey cycle. You never escaped the overpowering obsession with lust, for some it drove them mad, stripped they walk the streets naked with red bands tattooed on arms and legs, the city watch ensured they were fed and washed but beyond that their lives became centred on the park orgies of other lost minds writhing insane masses trying to feed the hormonal imbalances.
 
I thought back to last week as prey we had all gone out with some friends. Dad as always had gone out aroused. Mum had been in a fighting mood and wore her favourite half face mask. She was looking for cunt to bust. At work she'd slapped and abused a colleague during the two hour break. Chasing the woman round the office. Dad as part of an agreement with a friend had openly sodomised the guy's wife to keep off other work predators.  During the break I'd gathered with other preds for a fight and fuck session. Medication insured that all boys and girls were over developed, though 10 I sported swaying balls and 6 inches of cock. Girls in my class all proudly displayed well developed breasts and pubic mounds.  A teacher on her prey day had faced aggressive hoard and as was expected, was gang fucked pretty brutally .

That evening  mum had gone after her colleague again, we'd walked across town to find the woman and her husband. While dad had taken  on her partner in a pretty rough and aroused grappling session ending in him being  arse fucked  in their hall way, mum had ended her pursuit in a brutal fight and sat on the woman's face. I had taken the opportunity to piss over her before squeezing my cock between her breasts to satisfying conclusion. 

I realised that payback would be a bitch. At work mum  had been slammed over her desk then fucked up the arse by her colleagues strap on. A male colleague on his pred day took the opportunity to make mum suck him before fucking her to completion.

I was stood in the lounge when the three preds came in mum's colleague her husband and her sister. Jill went went straight for mum as her sister went after my sister and me chasing us around the hab unit, when she caught me I went straight over her knee and felt her hand slapping my arse. Then squeezing my balls till I cried out in pain before pushing her fingers into my anus. Through the clear wall I could see mum and Jill going at it, I knew mum could not put up much of a fight. Least face being chained in the street for a week.
 
Dad put up as much resistance as he was allowed but after brief struggle he was slammed against the wall sodomised by the Jill's husband. Then as Jill pinned mum to the floor squatting on her face and grabbing her  breasts her husband fucked mum with savage determination. Our neighbours watched through the transparent walls. Once Jill and hubby departed we faced the attention of a older family from the hab unit above. They had enjoyed a grand stand view through the clear floor panels. They now came down stairs ready for some fun, the family comprised of an elderly couple and their middle aged son. They walked in as mum lay exhausted on the floor. With out hesitating the elderly man grabbed her hair to make him suck her this time my sister and I received the attentions of their none too bright son, we sucked him kneeling side by side then my sister got his full cock in side her till he came hard. He then shoved my face into her pussy and she she licked him clean. The elderly woman demanded that dad lie down she then squatted on his face  to be licked.   

Mums cunt then received the attentions of the son and his dad dame over to to finger my sister and me before making us us strip off an get in the hygiene station with him to wash him fully and wipe his backside after he'd had long leisurely dump. 