From the pen of Dr. John H. Watson: In which all things end except the monuments to memory.

Epilogue

Holmes and I returned to our little secluded cottage on the Sussex Downs and all the familiar things that make it home: the violin and the Persian slipper, the pipe rack and the chemical apparatus, the many souvenirs of cases past, the rows of reference books on the shelves, and outside and around it all the drowsy hum of bees. We resumed our old, comfortable patterns and never spoke of Roberson.

As for the other persons with whom we shared this adventure, we never saw Mr. Wooster and his man Jeeves again, although Mr. Wooster sent a letter every year around Christmastime and I read about his many engagements and subsequent breaking of engagements in the society papers. A few years later I bought a book of Mr. Wooster's short stories and wrote him a kind letter of review. After that he sent me copies of each book as they were published. Holmes, in his typical fashion, rolled his eyes at them and called them "nonsense" and avowed that they had "as much artistic depth as a puddle" but I found them lively and charming--much like the author.

Inspector Cinwell was in hospital for two months, recovering first from the bullet wound and the collapsed lung, then a bout of pneumonia brought on by the buildup of fluid. Once he was discharged, he testified not just against Superintendent Adams, but against the whole system of corruption, as many people as he could name, stretching from the lowliest constable to the Assistant Commissioner. He received a lenient prison sentence for his compliance, but made many enemies both in the force and among the powerful criminal gangs. After his release, he set himself up as a private detective, but was murdered in his rooms not four months later. The murderer was never brought to trial. Holmes made a few deductions based on what we read in the papers and passed on the information to Lestrade, but the identity of the killer remained a mere hypothesis and no arrest was ever made.

I received only one notice of Mrs. Fordyce--Ettie--whose actions in betraying Roberson's location to us saved Holmes's life. She married a widower named Pritchard, who may or may not have been a criminal, but certainly had acquired a sizeable fortune through his agenda of purchasing what seemed to be every gambling establishment south of the Thames.

One might marvel that after my indiscreet writings caused so much trouble that I would again set down on paper such compromising details of our relationship, but many years have passed since the events related herein, and Holmes is no longer in any danger. He need "fear no more the frown of the great" as the Bard wrote. There is no risk to anyone but me.

This is more important than my reputation or safety, and in truth, I believe I have little to fear on that account. I am an old man now; what few enemies I may have had are dead and I do not doubt that I will soon follow. There is a compulsion to write my story down, a compulsion that dear Sherlock never understood. I feel as though if I do not inscribe it, if all knowledge of who we were, Holmes and I, what we were to each other passes out of memory and into oblivion, it will be as if none of it existed at all. I cannot bear that thought.

It may be that no one will ever read this, that, jumbled up with all my other notes and papers it will gather dust in the vaults of Cox and Co. and never see light. And yet so long as the words are there, the memory remains, even after I am gone. The lines of the poet Horace are my guide:

I have fashioned a monument more lasting than bronze
and loftier than the regal structure of the pyramids,
a monument which neither devouring rain, nor fierce wind
could destroy, nor the countless
succession of years, or the flight of time.
I shall not die entirely; the greater part of me
will evade Death.