Dares - Another Challenge
by yellowjacket66

DARES - ANOTHER CHALLENGE CH. 01

It's the wife's turn to dare her husband.

A previous series of tales recalled how my husband Sean and I play a game where we dare each other to do things as a condition for some sort of reward. I had to complete six dares, all of which involved me being nude, to get a new car. Sean would've gotten me the car anyway, but we add some spice to our lives by playing the game we call dares.

Sean wanted a new set of golf clubs so it was my turn to put some dares on him. I made him go to a 'chick flick' at the movies and then to take me to a musical at the theater. He tolerated both events, although they are not his 'cup-of-tea'. I was challenging myself to find something similar to what he had made me do. One obvious problem involved the double-standard regarding nudity. If a woman, like myself is exposed in public, it is embarrassing, but there are usually no legal consequences. On the other hand, if a man is caught naked in public, he's considered to be a pervert and there are serious consequences. Even things like going to a nude beach are different for men and women. There are no women truck drivers who want to see naked men in passing automobiles. It's also a question of supply and demand. There are plenty of men who will expose themselves and women are not as interested so a guy being naked is not a big thing. Unless you can come up with something unique.

I was having a group of my women friends over for dinner and cards one evening. We would drink wine and gossip while playing pinochle or bridge. I had read about guys having their wives serve them and their buddies on poker nights which gave me an idea. I dared Sean to serve me and my friends for the evening wearing clothing that I would choose.

I told the other gals ahead of time about what to expect and they were all interested in making it a fun evening. The idea of role-reversal with the man being ogled and hassled by a group of women seemed like it would be fun. There were three other ladies at my card party, Joanie, Carol, and Sheila.

We all said hello and sat in the living room for refreshments when things began. I told them Sean was our waiter and had to do anything we asked. "Anything?" was the question and my answer was "Yes, anything."

Sean came in wearing a formal outfit, a tuxedo jacket with a white shirt, bow tie, dark pants, and formal shoes. He brought around trays of hors-d-oeuvres and served wine. The ladies were keeping him on his toes by continual demands for more wine or another snack. Sean had been instructed to say nothing more than "yes ma'am or no ma'am." He was doing wonderfully. Smiling and doing as we asked and the girls were enjoying bossing him around. As the drinks continued, the wine flowed and everyone was in a good mood.

We started playing cards, pinochle. After a few hands, I suggested that we could make the game more interesting by including an item of Sean's clothing as a prize for winning a hand. The next hand was won by Sheila and Carol, who were opposing Joanie and me.

"Well, you won. What item of my husband's clothing do you want?" I asked.

Sheila said she wanted his shirt. Sean removed his dinner jacket and then unbuttoned his shirt. He wasn't wearing an undershirt, so his bare chest was exposed when he gave his shirt to Sheila. He put his jacket back on and I liked how sexy he looked.

The next hand was won by Joanie and me and I let Joanie choose what she wanted. She asked for Sean's pants. When he pulled them off, he revealed a pair of white briefs that showed the outline of his cock and balls. He looked hot with his jacket over a bare chest and a small pair of shorts.

I told him to lose his shoes and socks before the next hand. We won again and Joanie asked for his jacket. Now Sean was wearing just the briefs. His man-nipples were hard and his chest, with a modest amount of hair, was on display. As he served the ladies drinks, they began to pinch his ass and Sheila reached into the back of his pants to feel his ass.

The next had went to Sheila and Carol and they expected to get the final item of Sean's wardrobe, but he surprised us by still wearing a jock strap. His bare ass was exposed and the front of the jock showed the outline of his semi-hard prick. He was embarrassed but turned-on at the same time and he couldn't control his hardening pecker; it has a mind of its own.

Our pinochle game was nearing the end. Sheila and Carol were close to 'going out' and winning the game. The next hand would tell. Carol was dealing, and asked Sean to come over so she could rub his bare ass for luck. Then she asked him for a kiss and Sean willingly complied. In doing so, he excited himself a bit more and now the tip of his prick was poking out of the top of his jock. Joanie, who was sitting on the other side of Sean reached into his jock and took hold of his cock. She commented on how nice and hard it was. Sheila snapped the back waist strap of the jock, stinging Sean's ass.

Sheila said, "What about me?" and called Sean over to her. She asked for a kiss and Sean gave her a tongue-filled one that lasted for a while.

Sheila and Carol won the hand, but Carol said, "Let's leave him like this for a while. I like seeing his prick held in by the jock."

Sheila said, "Let's see if we can make him come."

I was enjoying this and Sean was going along with everything. He was being allowed to prance around with his hard prick while four women played with him.

Carol asked me, "Is your boy good in bed?"

I told her he was. She wanted to know what he did best so I told her, "He's really good at eating my pussy." I knew that answer would produce some interesting results.

Carol asked if she could "try him out."

I looked at Sean and directed him, "Get on your knees and eat Carol's pussy and don't you dare come." I took his belt and slapped him on the ass to emphasize my point.

Sean went under the table while our card game continued. Carol tried pulling her panties to the side, but couldn't do that and hold the cards, so she told Sean to take her panties off and eat her. Sean did as he was told and soon we could hear the slurping sounds and his pleasurable groans as he put his face in Carol's crotch and licked her. Sean had told me he hadn't eaten pussy until he met me, so he was getting the treat of tasting another woman. He eagerly performed his duties and Carol had trouble playing cards. She was so distracted that she lost track of the hand and we had to tell her what to play a couple of times. It was near the end of the hand when she just dropped her cards face-up on the table and told us to play her hand for her. She had both hands holding Sean's face into her crotch and jerked and moaned as my husband brought her to orgasm. He didn't seem to be minding the dare at all.

As the next had was dealt, Joanie said it was her turn and Sean crawled under the table. She had him remove her panties and told him to make her come. Sean used his finger in addition to his tongue. Joanie slid forward in her seat to give my husband access to her honeypot. He had two fingers inside her. I could see Joanie beside me and saw Sean licking her and fingering her. He had a finger in her asshole and Joanie soon had her own orgasm. She blasted her juices on his face and he eagerly lapped them up. I noticed that he was playing with his prick. I told him to stop it and kicked his hand and cock to make him stop.

We were having trouble playing cards and Sheila wanted to get eaten. She got up and went to the couch. We other three women watched her slip off her underpants, lean back and spread her legs, giving us a full view of her womanly assets and giving Sean a clear path to her pussy. We watched as he licked her all over and nibbled her clit. One finger was in her asshole and two other fingers were in her vagina. Sheila was jerking as her muscles tensed and led her into a orgasm. She dripped her come all over his face and collapsed onto the couch. Sean's cock was sticking out of his jock.

I pulled him to his feet by grabbing the back of the strap. I told him to take it off. He did and stood there naked with the biggest hard-on I had ever seen him have. Joanie lightly slapped at his prick and it swung from side to side, but it was so engorged that it hurt when she slapped at it.

The other three women were talking together and asked me again if they could direct Sean to do anything they wanted. "Anything." I said. Poor Sean was going along with everything. He liked to eat pussy so feasting on my three friends was truly a treat. This dare I had concocted was not bad for him at all. It was about to get better.

First, they asked me if I wanted Sean to eat me out. I deserved a turn, they said, but I declined. They put a blindfold on Sean and had him sit on the couch. They put some cheese on the opening to his nose so he couldn't smell anything. Sheila told him it was a contest. "Each of us ladies is going to sit on your cock for just a moment. We want to feel what it's like to have you inside us. You have to guess which pussy is your wife's. If you can't, she gets to give you another dare; this one won't count."

Sean readily agreed; what did he have to lose. Carol pulled a small tape-measure from her purse. She measured Sean's hard cock from it's base against his pelvis. "Five and three-quarter inches." I have no idea about the length of pricks. Six-inches is supposedly the standard, but I don't know if that's more male bravado or the truth. Being less than that prompted some jokes from the women.

"Do you even feel that little thing when it's inside you?" Joanie asked me.

Sheila added, "My husband's finger is bigger than that. You poor thing." She said to me.

Finally, Carol said, "I didn't need a tape, I needed a micrometer."

Poor Sean was embarrassed as we all laughed at him. I would have to restore his male ego after we were done. His cock seemed to fit me just fine. I don't think I could handle a bigger one.

The first one to sit on my husband's lap and slide onto his cock was Joanie. She slid his prick into her pussy under her skirt and wiggled around a bit. She lifted her skirt so she could see it. "I can't feel it. Is it in yet?" She was being cruel.

Next was Sheila who faced Sean and sat on his cock. She was nicer saying, "It's really hard, you're a lucky lady." She said to me.

Then Joanie motioned for me to be quiet and mounted him again. She sat on him in reverse, facing away from him. I watched my husband's cock slide into another woman's cunt, something I had never contemplated. She had gone twice. Their plan was to make him guess which pussy was mine when none of them were.

Then, Carol got on. She lowered herself and pushed herself down to get all of him inside her. Sheila had to poke her arm to finally dismount.

Carol asked Sean to tell us which cunt was mine. He had heard Joanie and Sheila joke while they were impaled on his prick, so he had to guess between the last two. He said number three, which was wrong, of course.

Sheila told him, "You probably think you got a real break by each of us fucking you for a few moments, but what has really happened is that you have now established that it will only be fair when our husbands fuck your pretty little wife, and it won't be for just a few seconds." He looked at me and I gave him a wicked smile, although I had no intention of following through.

As the final indignity, I told Sean he needed to jack-off for us. He didn't object. His eyes started with me and then moved to gaze at the other three gals. He was connecting with each of them and making them think he was thinking about each of them as he masturbated. We cheered when his spunk spurted from his dick. It flowed down his hand and onto his legs. He just sat there, his dick deflating. I dismissed him after that.

When I finally got to bed, I found Sean sitting there in a weird mood. He looked at me and said, "It's my turn next." I thought he must be really pissed, but then I noticed a sizeable boner. I mounted him and told him, "I love how your big cock feels inside me."


DARES - ANOTHER CHALLENGE CH. 02

Wife is dared to pose nude with father in law.

The previous chapter of the continuing series of dares between my husband Sean and me told of how I dared him to act as a servant to me and three of my friends on a card-game night. We didn't play very many card games but instead stripped him naked and then had him eat the other three women's pussies before blindfolding him and each taking a turn sitting on his cock. He was supposed to guess which of the four pussies was mine. It was a trick. One of my friends sat on him twice.

Now it was Sean's turn to give me a dare. I wanted a ruby ring so that became the reward. I had picked out a beautiful ring and he put it on lay-away, pending my completion of three more challenges.

We were entertaining Sean's dad and mom one evening. Just a routine Friday night that we did once a month or so. His mom had gone to bed. Sean and his dad were watching a movie while I cleaned up in the kitchen. It was after eleven and I had gotten ready for bed, wearing my conservative nightgown that covered everything. However, Sean asked me to lift it and show him my bare pussy that was underneath. I don't wear underwear to bed, usually just wear a nightshirt.

Seeing my pussy gave Sean an evil idea. "Take off your nightgown." He pointed to his dad; sound asleep on the couch. I vigorously shook my head no.

Then he said, "I dare you to let me take your picture sitting next to my dad."

"Naked?" I asked.

"Yup. Naked." He told me. "I dare you."

"What if he wakes up?"

"He won't. He's dead to the world. We'll just be quiet." He continued.

I was thinking. This was a dangerous dare. I had never considered being naked with my father-in-law and Sean was not suggesting sex or anything; just a photo. I thought hard and Sean mentioned the ring I wanted.

He said, "Believe me, this is going to be the easiest of the dares you are going to get."

I sighed and nodded. Sean went to get his camera while I nervously waited in the living room.

When he came back, he held out his hand for me to give him my nightgown. I pulled it over my head and stood in the living room stark naked, right in front of my husband's dad. I wondered if Dad had ever thought about what I would look like naked. Hopefully he would stay asleep and not ever know. I wondered if he might've seen some of the nude photos his son had taken of me over the past few years.

Sean threw my nightgown into the dining room and motioned for me to sit on the couch. His dad was leaning straight back on the end seat of the couch with his arms at his side. I carefully sat in the middle of the couch but Sean motioned for me to get closer. I sidled over to a foot away from my father-in-law's bare leg. He was wearing shorts.

Sean took a photo and encouraged me to move closer. He was daring me to take a chance, so I did. I moved to where my bare leg touched against his bare knee. I lifted Dad's arm and put it over my shoulder, holding his hand in mine. It looked like we were embracing. Then, I went for it all, I moved his hand down and held one of his fingers against my bare nipple. I lifted my leg and put it on top of his. My pussy was exposed and I felt my bare thigh against his skin. Dad started to move so I gently moved my leg off of him and put his hand back on the couch. I slid away from him.

It was then that I realized that there was noise in the hallway. Sean's mother was coming out the door of her bedroom and was heading our way. My nightgown was in the wrong direction. The only thing I could do was run to the kitchen where I would be hidden. I got out of the living room just time. Sean's mom asked where I was and he told her I was in the kitchen. She said she wanted to get some hot tea to help her sleep. I was trapped. I was in the kitchen buck naked and about to be found by my husband's mother. What could I think of to say? I don't think she saw me as I ran out of the room, but I wasn't sure.

I was saved by the laundry room, which was next to the kitchen. I ducked in there and looked in the dryer for something to put on. There were only towels in the dryer. I reached into the washer. Fortunately, I hadn't started it and there was one of Sean's dress shirts in there. I pulled it out and put it on. I was turned away from the door to the kitchen buttoning it when 'Mom' opened the door to say hello. I finished with the buttons and noted that the shirt came to about the middle of my thighs and the lowest button was just above my crotch. If I moved the wrong way, my pussy would show.

I slid past her into the kitchen and put a cup of water into the microwave for her tea. I didn't know what to say and she apparently didn't either. I don't know what she thought. I tried to remember if she had seen me earlier in my nightgown. I tried to make up a story and said, "I just threw my things in the washer." That made some sense, but what I was wearing didn't.

I went into the living room with Mom and said I was going to bed. Sean put his arm around me and pulled me close to him. I was a bit off balance and I saw that the bottom of the shirt I was wearing gaped open, exposing my brown-haired pussy to my mother-in-law. I quickly broke free and went to bed.

When Sean came in a few minutes later, he and Mom had gotten Dad back to their bedroom, he came in to see me. I looked at him and called him an asshole. He laughed.

I said, "You let your mother see my cunt. Are you happy?"

He laughed and reached for it. He found that I was very wet. We made an effort to be quiet but we fucked each other vigorously. Taking such a big chance had turned me on. I knew it would only encourage Sean to think up more things to dare me to do.

The photos turned out to be provocative. You couldn't tell that Dad was asleep so it looks like he is holding his naked daughter-in-law in his arms. My pussy is clearly visible. One other thing I noticed was that Mom had found my nightgown in the dining room and had folded it and put it on the table. I have no idea what she thinks of me; maybe she thinks I'm a slut or maybe she realizes that her son is a horny bastard who can't keep his hands off me.


DARES - ANOTHER CHALLENGE CH. 02.1 - DADDY

She's challenged to pose with her father-in-law.

One of my previous stories told of how I had stripped naked on a dare and let my husband take photos of me sitting next to his sleeping father. I had gotten close and even put my leg over his dad's leg to show my pussy in the photos. His dad was out of it and had no idea what I had done. My husband got his photos. I had put the entire incident out of my mind.

But, a few months later, my dear husband, Sean screwed up. He was showing his older brother Larry something on his phone and his brother got looking at the hidden photos file where he found some photos of me naked, including a few that Sean had uploaded from his camera. Without Sean knowing, Larry had transferred some of the photos to his phone. Now, my brother-in-law had a library of nude photos of me, including one of me sitting next to my father-in-law naked. The way the photo was staged, it was difficult to tell that Sean's dad was passed out. He was sitting upright and I had moved his head forward so it looked like he was awake with his hand on my breast.

Larry showed the photos to he and Sean's other brother Jon and Jon transferred them to his phone too. Jon showed them to his wife, Candy and Larry showed them to his wife Karen. When they were joking with the guys' sister Shelly, they told her. So now the entire family had seen them, except for their mom and dad. They all thought that 'Daddy' had been awake. They apparently had quite a conversation about me and my posing nude with their dad. The two wives said they were appalled that I would do such a thing (more on that topic below) and that Sean would let me do it. Of course, Sean had talked me into posing. Somehow, Karen or Candy, or maybe it was Shelly let Mama know and showed her one of the photos. Mama raised hell with her husband. The old boy had looked like he was awake in the photos, but had been passed out and missed it. It had escalated into a minor scandal.

My husband Sean heard about all of this at some point but was afraid to tell me that his siblings and their spouses and his mother were passing around nude photos of me with their father. When Sean finally let me know, I was both embarrassed and pissed-off. With our previous dares, he'd had me naked in public and even fuck one of his friends, but not family. I didn't want to visit Sean's parents due to my embarrassment and the thought that they must think I'm a real slut.

Then, one evening, I came home from shopping and found Sean's dad sitting in the living room. Sean had put the kids to bed and he and his dad were having a beer and watching a ball game. I quickly said hello and headed upstairs. I changed into my nightgown and was reading a book in bed when Sean came to get me.

"Dad said wants you to say hello." He said.

I said I was too embarrassed but he said I needed to face his dad sometime. I couldn't avoid him forever.

I came downstairs and got Sean and his dad a beer, got a glass of wine, then sat down. After some small-talk about the kids his dad changed the subject.

He said, "I've seen a photo of you sitting next to me naked but I don't remember my son taking it."

I told him, "You were asleep. I'm so embarrassed. Sean thought it would be a joke or something to take the photo. We didn't intend for everyone to see it." I looked a Sean with a scowl.

His dad said, "I'm sorry I missed it. I wish I had been awake."

Sean laughed and I just shyly smiled.

Then Sean said, "I dare you to do it again with my father awake."

I was shocked by the suggestion. I had always accepted Sean's dares, but this was over-the-top. I firmly said no, but he persisted. I was amazed at what he was asking. It seemed to be an outrageous idea, but the earlier photos were outrageous too. My resistance became less firm as he persisted. His dad just sat smiling there without saying a word.

"Your whole family has seen my naked pictures and must think I'm a real slut." I said to them.

His dad laughed and got out his phone. He tapped different things and brought up a photo that he showed to me. I was shocked again; the photo was of he and his other two daughter-in-law's standing in front of a lake. Karen and Candy were topless with small bikini bottoms and dad was wearing just a speedo bathing suit. There were four hard titties and there was a bulge in the speedo. Dad said they had taken that photo a few years ago when they were on vacation at a lake. It was before Sean and I were married.

Dad said, "I have a photo of you naked, but would like one taken when I am awake."

Sean encouraged me, "I dare you to strip for us."

I was just wearing a nightgown with no underwear, my normal nightly attire. It would be very easy to lift it over my head and get naked. Sean moved behind me and put his arms around me. I expected what he did next. He pulled the front of my nightgown up, exposing my trimmed pussy to his daddy.

I thought, "Holy shit. He really wants me to strip for his dad."

When Sean said he dared me again, I decided to do it. I gulped down my wine and then I pulled my nightgown up and over my head, dropped it on the floor and stood there naked.

Sean went to get his phone for some photos. When I went and stood next to his dad for a picture, I decided to up the ante and pulled his dad's shirt over his head. He was left wearing a pair of shorts. Sean photographed me, his wife standing naked next to his dad.

But that wasn't enough for them. "Pose like you did when Dad was asleep." Sean said.

His dad sat back on his chair and I sat on his lap. I straddled one of his legs, spreading my legs so that my pussy rested on his bare knee. He moved his knee and rubbed it into my crotch. I felt both turned-on at the daring behavior and a little depraved at rubbing my cunt on my father-in-law's bare leg. Feeling his skin touch my pussy was strangely erotic and taboo.

I felt something hard against my leg and realized it was his prick. I reached to the side and squeezed it through his shorts. Then I snaked my hand up the leg of his shorts and took his bare cock in my hand. He was definitely aroused. The realization that I had given him a hard-on intrigued me. On an impulse, I turned and unbuckled his belt and undid the button and zipper on his shorts. With one motion, I pulled his shorts and his underwear down his legs and off his feet. Now he was naked too.

Neither my husband nor his dad said a word as I knelt between daddy's knees and looked directly at his cock. I looked into his eyes, turned and smiled at my husband with his camera, and then took the cock into my mouth. I was blowing my husband's father. I licked and sucked the cock. I wanted to make Sean proud and to show his dad that his son had married and really-good cocksucker. Dad's prick was hard and seemed to have some resemblance to his son's prick. I eagerly sucked on the cock while Sean took pictures.

While sucking his cock, I thought to myself, "Why stop now." And "Why shouldn't I get something out of this too." If Sean and his dad were okay with me being naked, why not.

I stood up and turned around. I straddled his legs and then I lowered myself on Sean's father's lap. I grabbed his cock and aimed it at my cunt and then sat down on it. I felt his cock sliding into me. I like to fuck and his cock was stiff and stimulating as it slid into me. It was hard and filled my horny cunt. I humped up and down, looking into Sean's eyes while I rode his father's cock. Sean could see and photograph the cock sliding in and out of me. He was watching his father fuck his wife. It was pure incest, forbidden stuff. I grinned wickedly at my husband and told him to get his cock out.

Sean pulled his pants down and I pulled him toward me, sucking his cock into my mouth. 'Family fucking' is what I would call what we were doing. Getting fucked by two cocks at once was a real treat. It didn't take long for Sean's father to empty himself into my cunt. I felt the familiar spurt of semen hitting my inner membranes and had my own orgasm. Now I could say Sean's father and I had fucked each other and come together, some real family bonding. Seeing his father empty into me sent Sean over the edge and he came in my mouth. I licked up the white cum and licked his cock like a slut. I turned around and bent down to clean off his father's cock too. If I was going to be slutty, I might as well go all the way. Then I gave Sean an open-mouthed kiss, letting him taste the semen in my mouth. I felt a glob of cum drip out of my cunt and then run down my leg. It was all so wrong, but exciting at the same time.

I took Sean's hand and led him upstairs to bed. His dad said he would let himself out.

I made Sean promise to hide and password protect the photos of me fucking his dad. I heard a few suggestive comments from his brothers which makes me think he's shared them and I'll bet their wives know about what I did if they haven't seen the pictures. I know they think of me as a slut anyway, but I'm still embarrassed when I'm around them.

We were on vacation later that year and ended up posing for a photo with Sean's dad in the middle and the family women beside him topless. We even got Shelly to stand beside her dad, topless, with Mama's tits on the other side and the rest of us beside them. I wonder who has copies of that photo and where it's been. The family has a lot of cousins, but they are for another story.


DARES - ANOTHER CHALLENGE CH. 03

She is dared to do more, with a friend.

If you've read the previous chapters, you understand that my husband and I have a game where he dares me to do something and I do it. We included different rewards like a new car or golf clubs for him. Currently I am trying to earn a ruby ring that I picked out. It's up to Sean to dare me to do things and I have never refused. It really gets my juices flowing when he devises daring challenges for me. Here's the next one we did.

We had gone out dancing after dinner with some friends and were at our favorite night-spot. Another couple, Jason and Leila were with us and we were dancing with both spouses and drinking quite a bit. At one point while we were dancing, Sean mentioned that Leila had taken her panties off. He could feel her ass through her skirt. He told me I should do the same. I didn't believe him at first, but when Jason pulled his wife's skirt up for a quick flash, I saw her bare backside. When Sean dared me to take off my underwear, I knew I would do it. I went to the ladies' room and went into a stall. I removed my panties and then took off my bra. My top was not intended to be worn without a bra. The material clung to my chest and with the moisture from my sweating from dancing, my nipples were poking through.

I danced with my husband and with our friend Jason and they both got a number of good feels of my ass. Jason reached under my skirt to feel my bare skin a couple of times and pulled me close to him. I could feel his hard-on and had to tell him to calm down. I saw my husband kissing and fondling my friend Leila in the corner of the room. They went out into the hallway to the restrooms for a few minutes and I learned later that he had put his hand on her pussy and had pulled her shirt up to feel and lick her tits. Seeing him with her only made me hornier.

Jason was coming on to me and I was lamely resisting him. I'm not sure how far I wanted him to go. When he invited me out to get some air, I told Sean where we were going and he just looked at me with lust in his eyes. We went out the side door to an outdoor dining area. Jason sat in a chair and pulled me onto his lap with my legs straddling him. With my legs spread, he was able to reach up and grab my pussy. I felt his fingers go inside me and then he pulled my blouse up and nuzzled my tits. He started to unzip his fly which was when I stopped him. "Not tonight, Jason." I told him. I didn't cheat on my husband, although it seemed like he was setting me up for it when he had me take off my underwear and go outside with his buddy. I still don't know what he and Sheila were doing while we were outside.

It was late, getting near closing time, and we decided to call it a night. We had driven together so we went out to find our car in the parking lot. It was a large lot, dimly lit. We found our car and then Sean gave me another dare.

"I'm going to drive the car to the other side of the parking lot, beyond the door to the club. I dare you to strip naked here and walk over to our car without being seen. I looked at him and at our two friends. They were not that daring, not yet, so I was on my own. As we got to our car, I looked right at Sean and pulled my blouse over my head. Then I unbuttoned my skirt and dropped it to the ground. I reached down and picked it up and removed my shoes. I gave my clothes to my husband and said, "You're on." He got in the car with the other two and drove to the other side of the lot. There were at least thirty cars in the lot. There were a number of empty spaces between the cars which were parked erratically.

I hesitated for a moment, plotting a path past the front door to the other side of the lot. I watched as two drunk guys walked out to get in their truck and realized that if I was out in the front of the lot and someone came out of the door that I would be exposed. I decided to move behind a row of cars and get close to the building, hoping I could hide between it and the first row of cars. I was halfway there when a couple exited the door. I jumped behind a car but they were walking right toward me. They were going to see me for sure. Across the lot, Sean saw what was happening and blew the horn on our car. It was enough of a distraction that I was able to jump behind the next car when they turned to look. The couple was a few feet away from me. My heart was beating so loudly that I thought they could hear it. When they drove away, I ran and stood right next to the club door. I was about to cross in front of the door when two men walked out, I was going to move as they walked away, but two women come out following the two men. Once they were gone, I dashed by the door, running for the nearest car, twenty feet away.

Another couple came out the door and the woman caught a glimpse of my bare ass as I ducked behind a car. She walked around the car and saw me. I held my finger to my lips to shhsh her. She giggled and walked back to her companion. "There's a naked woman behind that car." She told him. He was drunk and didn't grasp what she was saying. I rose up and ran across the lot. The woman could see me, I'm sure, but she was too slow to alert the guy with her.

I was getting close to our car when the headlights of a car entering the lot almost caught me. I ducked away just in time. I was out of breath when I reached our car. I went to the passenger door and saw that Leila was in the front seat. I didn't take time to ask why. I opened the door and hopped into the back seat, exhilarated and out of breath.

I looked over and saw Jason, looking at my naked body. I asked for my clothes, but Sean said they were in the trunk. "What are you expecting me to do? I'm naked in the back seat with your friend. What do you want me to do?"

My husband said, "I dare you to fuck him."

I had never refused a dare, but Sean had never asked me to do anything like this. I was horny, but this was taking things a bit far. I was confused and uncertain. Jason pulled me toward him and kissed me again. I noticed that Leila's head was no longer visible in the front seat. She was giving my husband a blow-job. I looked over the seat to confirm what was going on. The car started moving with Sean trying to keep his attention on the road while our friend sucked his dick.

I let Jason lean me back and he pulled my legs toward him so I could lay my head against the door. He pulled off his shirt and had already pushed his pants to his knees. He leaned into me, holding his prick to aim at my vagina. I felt the tip of his dick against my opening and then he easily slid into me. I was definitely wet down there from the excitement of the evening. He pumped his cock in and out of my cunt. I wrapped my naked legs around his thighs and held him inside me. He lifted me onto his arms and looked down at me. He removed his cock and then put it back in. Then he did it again. The feeling of being penetrated over and over brought me to an orgasm. I didn't think a bit about the fact that I was naked and was fucking another man five feet away from my husband. When Jason released his semen into my hot vagina, I felt it flushing around inside me.

I looked up to see my husband watching me get fucked by his friend. The game of dares had escalated. I wasn't sure how I felt about it from an overall perspective, but at the time, it seemed to be just fine. I wondered what was next.


DARES - ANOTHER CHALLENGE CH. 04

Challenges continue at a glory hole.

I was surely close to getting my ruby ring. I had taken my husband's challenges and done some increasingly daring and sexually challenging activities. He had dared me to remove my underwear at a club, run across the parking lot naked and then fuck his friend in the back seat of our car while he drove around with his cock in the wife's mouth. Prior to that, he took photos of me sitting, naked, beside his sleeping father and he showed his mother my pussy. The dares were getting tougher and tougher and with the most recent event, had increased to where I fucked another man. I wanted the ruby ring and told him I would take one more dare to get it. He agreed and said he would surprise me.

We were out clubbing. I thought we were going from one club to another when we took a different turn and pulled into an "adult bookstore". I had never been to such a place before, but had read about the things that went on there. I looked at Sean and he said, "This is the final dare for your ring." I inhaled deeply and got out of the car.

"I trust you to keep me safe." I said.

Sean said, "Of course. You'll enjoy this."

I wasn't so sure, but I agreed. Sean was getting a bit daring for me, but I trusted him and the sex we were having after these events was amazing. After fucking Jason in the backseat of our car, my husband fucked me four times the next day.

We went into the place and looked at the nasty movies and the dildos and S&M paraphernalia. Sean got some tokens and we went back to one of the booths with the porno flicks and the glory holes. I was surprised that the booth was not as seedy as I had expected. The walls had wallpaper and there was a carpet on the floor. It smelled of sex though. I looked around and saw a glory hole on either side of the booth and the big TV screen on the wall. The video had a higher quality picture than I expected, but the movie was just what I expected. A woman getting cocks stuffed into her mouth and pussy, with close-ups and the weird music that goes with those films.

"What now?" I asked.

Sean said, "Strip. I want to see you naked."

I said, "Are there men watching me through the holes in the wall?"

"I hope so." he said.

I started to undress. I pulled my shirt over my head and unhooked my bra. I held my breasts in my hands and looked into Sean's eyes. "Take off your pants." I asked him.

He pulled his pants off while I did the same. We kissed and held each other. He pushed my panties off my hips and I pulled his cock out of his shorts and let them drop to the floor. Now we were both naked and focused on each other rather than the movie.

Sean sat back on the one stool in the booth and pulled me down onto his lap. I let his cock rub against my wet slit; the tip poked at my clit. He held my breasts in his hands. His cock found its target and slid inside me. I began to move up and down on him, watching a woman get spit roasted on the movie screen. She had a cock in her mouth and another in her pussy.

Sean whispered in my ear, "Does that make you hot, seeing her take two cocks at the same time. Have you ever thought of doing that?" I nodded yes. He continued, "That's one of my fantasies, seeing you get fucked from both ends.

I asked, "Which one would be your cock? Who would be the other guy fucking me?"

He said, "I want to be in your pussy while you suck another man's cock."

He was turning-me-on with his dirty talk. I'd never done a three-way, but had read stories on-line and in magazines about women getting spit-roasted that way. My pussy was really wet as I rode him.

Of course, you know what happened next. I saw a cock stick through the hole in the wall beside us. It was a nice prick, I guess. I'm not an expert. It looked clean and it was very hard. I looked back at Sean who was now fucking me more vigorously and had turned me to face the wall where the cock was protruding. I knew what Sean wanted me to do.

"I dare you to suck it." He said.

I turned and gave him and open-mouthed kiss, swirling my tongue around the inside of his mouth. I was lewdly fucking his mouth with the tongue that was going to suck a stranger's cock. I leaned forward with my husband's cock still in my pussy and took hold of the mystery prick poking through the wall. I licked the tip of it and it bobbed expectantly. I licked the underside and then took it into my mouth. Being experienced with only my husband's prick, I focused on whether this strange cock was different. I decided that it was not so much different, maybe a little longer. I sucked it into my mouth and my husband increased the intensity of fucking me from behind. I grabbed the balls that went with the cock and licked them. I tried to deep throat the cock in my mouth, but I couldn't take it all. Whoever it was must've been horny because he didn't hold out very long. I felt his cock spasm and his semen spurt into my mouth. I pulled away and the second shot hit my cheek. It was then that my husband emptied himself into me. I noticed his phone. He had been videoing me sucking this stranger's cock. He was accumulating quite a library of photography of me.

I turned and kissed Sean with the cum in my mouth. He tried to resist, but I forced the stranger's semen into his mouth.

We got dressed. I noticed another cock poke through the wall on the other side. I could've had another one if I wanted, but one was enough. I did grab it to see what it felt like. We got out of there quickly. As we drove home, I got my husband's cock out of his pants and played with it. As we neared our home, I leaned over to suck on it. If any neighbors were watching us pull into the driveway, they would've seen my head appear after we stopped and know what I had been doing.

Once again, we had an all-night love-making session and I got my beautiful ruby ring.
