When I was 25 years old I used to live in a rented accommodation as 
a paying guest of Ramesh Chandra Mathur who was aged 55 years. His 
family consisted of himself, his wife Rajni aged 50 years, one 
unmarried daughter Jyoti aged 23 years and one unmarried son Deepak 
aged 19 years .I was given a living-cum-study room, a bed room and a 
bathroom-cum-toilet. Meals, breakfast and evening tea used to be 
served by his wife Rajni or his daughter Jyoti and sometimes by his 
son Deepak. 

After I had lived for about two months I started noticing that Jyoti 
had developed some attraction for me. Sometimes she will say that 
meri tabiyat hoti hai ki tumhara chumma le lun (some times I feel 
like taking your kiss).I used to say who stops you from kissing 
me .One day when there was none in the house she came to me and 
started kissing. I said kas ke chipka ke chumma lo to kuchh maza bhi 
aaye. She then embraced me tightly so that her tits were pressed 
against my chest. I also then kissed her tightly embracing her. 

One day when there was none in the house she came and asked me blue 
film kya hoti hai? I told her ki blue film woh film hoti hai jismein 
sex scenes hote hain.To this she asked sex scenes kya hote hain. I 
told her that sex scenes are those scenes in which sexual activities 
are shown. Jis mein log sex karte hue dikhaaee dete hain. Then she 
asked sex kaise kiya jaataa hai? Then I asked her aadmi aur aurat ke 
sharir mein kya antar hota ha janti ho? To this she gave a 
mischievous smile and said aap hi bata do. I said is ke liye nangaa 
honaa padegaa.She said ghar mein koi hai nahin yeh jaanne ke liye 
nange bhi ho jayeinge to kya hua. Aap se kya parda par pahle aap ko 
nanga hona pade ga. Maine kahaa theek hai phir maine apne sab kapde 
utaar diye aur bilkul nangaa ho gayaa. Mera lund ek dam khadaa ho 
gayaa thaa. Mere lund ko dekh kar Jyoti boli yeh kya hai? Maine kahaa 
ki sab kuchh bataayeinge pahle tum bhi puri tarah se nangi ho jaao. 
Phir us ne bhi apne sab kapde utaar diye aur meri tarah bilkul nangi 
ho gai. 

Ab maine us se poonchha ki tum kyaa kyaa jaanti ho. Woh boli aap ke 
hi moonh se sab sunna chaahati hoon. Maine use apna lund pakadwa diya 
aur kaha ki ise lund kahate hain. Is ka naam laudaa bhi hai. Is ke 
neechey jo thaili latak rahi hai use pota ya andkosh aur angrezi mein 
balls kahte hain. Is ke paas jo pakhana karne ka chhed hai ise gaand 
kahate hain. 

Phir maine usse kaha ki ab tumhaare angon ke baare me batayein.Then I 
caught hold of her tits and told her that inhein choochi kahate hain. 
Then I moved my hand between her legs and inserting a finger in her 
cunt told her that ise choot kahate hain. Ise bur bhi kahate hain. 
choot ke neeche tumhari gaand hai. Choot ke upar clitoris(clit) hai 
jise sahlane se aurat ko bahut mazaa aata hai. I asked if she has 
rubbed her clit. She smiled and said several times.Then she 
michieviously said aur kuchh bataaiye yeh sab to mujhe bhi maaloom 
tha. 

Then I said lund ko choot mein ghusedaa jaata hai use chodanaa kahte 
hain. Shaadi ke baad suhaag raat mein pati patni ki choot mein apna 
lund gusedkar patni ko chodta hai. Ise chudai kahate hain.Lund ko 
gaand mein bhi ghuserte hain use gaand maarnaa kahte hain. Gaand mein 
lund ghuswaane ko gaand maraanaa ya gaand marwaanaa kahte hain. Bahut 
si ladkiyon to laudaa moonh mein lekar choosne mein maza aata hai. 
Aadmi ko bhi lund chuswaane mein mazaa aataa hai. Videsi gori 
ladkiyan bade chav se lund choosti hain. 

Then Jyoti asked me what will I do with her today? Woh boli chaahein 
to aaj aap mujhe chod dein. Chahein to meri gaand maar dein. Meri 
saheliyan kahti hain ki chudai mein badaa mazaa aata hai. 

Maine kaha ki aaj to na main tumhein chodoonga na tumhari gaand 
maaroonga. Aaj main tumhein jeebh se chaat kar mazaa doonga. Then I 
started sucking on her nipples and also rubbing her clit after 
applying pussy juice on her clit with my fingers by which she became 
highly excited and started moaning and started shouting ab chodo 
mujhe. Then all of a sudden she caught hold of my lund and placed it 
at the entrance of her choot and in one push inserted it in her choot 
and then I was left with no option but to fuck her choot and that day 
I fucked her choot twice. Then she said that ki aaj ghar mein koi bhi 
nahin hai is liye aaj main apni gaand bhi marwaaoongi. To please her 
I applied lot of oil on my laudaa and also in her gaand by inserting 
thoroughly oiled one finger in her gaand. Then I inserted two oiled 
fingers in her gaand and after waiting for some time when she became 
accustomed to the fingers in her ass I placed the head of my cock on 
her ass and slowly pushed forward. First she felt pain then I stopped 
entering further after some time she said ab ghusero then I pushed 
further aur dheere dheere kar ke jad (root) tak lund uski gaand mein 
ghuser diya aur dhakke lagaane lagaa. Phir to use bhi achchha lagne 
laga aur maine achchhi tarah se uski gaand maari. 

Since then we have fucked several times in her cunt and ass and we 
both enjoy it. After making me fuck her, Jyoti became very 
uninhibited with me and started coming to my room quite often. 
Instead of her mother or brother she alone started bringing my 
breakfast, meals and evening tea and snacks. 

Whenever there was none in the house she would passionately kiss me 
with tight embrace in which her boobs and nipples will press my 
chest. I also started kissing her with tight embrace. She will also 
grab my cock and I will grab her tits. She will also open my fly and 
take out my cock and give me a hand job(masturbate) till I got 
discharged. 

One day when there was none in the house she came to me and said that 
let us bathe together. We therefore became totally naked and came 
under the shower for shower- bath. I applied soap on her tits and 
cuntal region while she applied soap on my cock and balls and also 
inserted her soapy finger in my ass. I then also inserted my soapy 
fingers in her ass and when I found her ass is fit to be entered 
inserted my cock in her ass and fucked her in the ass. 

Sometimes when there was none in the house and I was alone she will 
come take out my cock which always becomes erect by her touch and she 
used to take it in her cunt by sitting on it by raising her sari and 
petticoat and fuck me and also open her boobs for me to suck which I 
do. 

Luckily Jyoti's father and mother went out for a week to attend some 
marriages and connected ceremonies and only Jyoti and her brother 
Deepak remained in the house. 

Jyoti, one day, said to me that her friends have shown her blue films 
in which the girls were taking dicks of two guys simultaneously in 
their cunt and ass. 

She asked me: "Kaisa lagta hogaa ek saath gaand aur bur mein lund." 

Maine kaha ki "main kaise bataa saktaa hoon. Mere to kewal gaand hai 
aur lund hai, bur to hai nahin. Yeh to koi ladki hi bata sakti jisne 
apni gaand aur bur mein ek saath lund ghuswaaye hon." 

Jyoti ne kaha:"Main bhi azmaana chaahti hoon." 

Maine kaha: "iske liye mere lund ke alaawaa ek aur laude ka intezaam 
karnaa padegaa. Tum kisi ladke ko janti ho jo tumhein chod sake ya 
tumhari gaand maar sake." 

Jyoti ne kahaa ki uski saheliyon ke bhai hain unse kahanaa padegaa. 

Maine kahaa ki is se achchha hoga ki apne bhai Deepak ke lund ka 
istemaal karo---kisi ko pataa bhi nahin chalegaa aur tumhaaraa kaam 
bhi ban jayegaa. Nahin to jo bhi tumhein chodegaa ya tumhari gaand 
maaregaa woh sab se kahegaa aur isse tumhari aur tumhare pitaji ki 
badnaami hogi. 

Jyoti boli ki baat to tum theek kahate ho par main apne bhai se kaise 
kahoon hi mujhe chodo ya meri gaand maaro. Mujhe sharam aati hai. 

Maine kahaa ki baahar-wale kisi ladke ko mat bulao aur agar main 
tumhein chod rahaaa ho-oongaa aur Deepak aagayaa to kaam ban jayega. 

As the parents of Jyoti and Deepak had gone out for a week all of us 
were quite free and one day when I was quite alone in my room doing 
no work Jyoti came and said let us fuck. So both of us went to my bed 
room and became totally naked for fucking. 

I started sucking on her nipples; then started probing her cunt 
(choot/bur) with my tongue and then started sucking her clit. Jyoti 
started moaning with pleasure and started crying:"badaa achchha lag 
raha hai. ab apne lund se mujhe chodo." I then inserted my cock in 
her pussy and she started crying:"jor se chodo,aur jor se,aur jaldi 
jaldi chodo." 

While this fucking was going on, the door of the room opened and 
there was Deepak standing. Seeing me fuck his sister he lost control 
on him and shouted: "Madarchod. Tu meri bahen ko chod raha hai.Sale 
bhosariwale tujhe is liye rakkha tha .Aane de mere maa baap ko tujhe 
dhakke maar kar nikalenge." 

I then withdrew my cock from Jyoti's cunt. Jyoti tried to pacify him. 
She said:"Bhaiya ghussa na karo,mere kahane par hi yeh mujhe chod 
rahe the. Aisa karo ki badle mein tumVijai(my name) ki gaand maar lo." 

I then said to him:"theek hai tum meri gaand maar lo magar ya to apne 
lund aur meri gaand mein achchhi tarah thook laga ke ya achchhi tarah 
tel laga ke." I gave him a bottle of oil and he then became 
completely naked and applied oil liberally on his cock and then with 
his oiled fingers in my ass. 

Then we assumed the same posture -- Jyoti lying on her back with her 
legs raised and I over her and I inserted my cock in her cunt and 
Deepak inserted his cock in my ass. After fucking for some time all 
the three climaxed together, I shooting my load in Jyoti's bur 
(choot, cunt) and Deepak shooting his come in my gaand ( ass). 

Deepak became quite happy in fucking my ass and forgot his anger. 

Then both Deepak and Jyoti suggested that while their parents were 
away all of us should sleep together in their parents` king size bed 
and they also suggested that I should have my meals with them in 
their dining room till the return of their parents. 

I then suggested that we should celebrate this occasion by taking 
beer in the evening to which both Deepak and Jyoti agreed. 

I then went to market and brought three bottles of beer and snacks. 

We then sat together in the evening and started drinking beer and 
eating snacks. When I found that Deepak and Jyoti have become 
slightly tipsy I broached the subject. 

I asked Deepak :" Jyoti ki saheliyon ne Jyoti ko kuchh blue films 
dikhlaaeen theen jismein do ladke ek saath ek hi ladki se sex kar 
rahe the. Ek ladki ki gaand maar rahaa thaa doosraa uski bur chod 
rahaa thaa. Jyoti bhi dekhna chaahti hai ki is mein kaisa lagtaa hai. 
Ek ladka to main hoon aur ek ladke ki aur zaroorat hai. Kya tum apni 
bahen ko chod doge ya apni bahen ki gaand maar doge?" 

Deepak replied:"are you in senses?main kaise apni didi ko chod sakta 
hoon ya unki gaand maar sakta hoon. main unka chhota bhai hoon." 

I told him that your sister wants to know how it feels to have two 
cocks simultaneously in cunt and ass. I told her that it will be 
unwise to bring some outsider for this purpose as he may disgrace 
Jyoti and your family and so I have suggested you for this purpose. 

Then I asked Jyoti:"tumhein koi itraaz hai agar Deepak tumhein chode 
ya tumhari gaand maare?" 

Jyoti said :"agar Deepak mujhe chodna chahe ya meri gaand maarna 
chaahe to mujhe kuchh bhi etraz nahin hai." 

Hearing this Deepak said:"agar didi (elder sister) ko koi itraaz 
nahin hai to mujha bhi nahin hai.""Woh agar mujh se chodne ko 
kaheingi to main unko chod doonga, agar gaand maarne ke liye kaheingi 
to main unki gaand maar doonga." 

Thereafter after dinner we all retired to the king size bed. We all 
became stark naked for the fucking. Jyoti lay on her back on the bed 
and both I and Deepak started sucking her nipples-- I left nipple, 
Deepak right nipple. This made her very horny and passionate and 
excited and her pussy became very wet. Our cocks also became fully 
erect and hard like rods. 

I then lay on my back and asked Jyoti to straddle on my cock which 
she did and my cock was fully impaled in her cunt and her ass was 
raised. I then asked Deepak to apply oil on his cock and in Jyoti's 
ass and then fuck her ass. Jaise tel laga kar meri gaand maari thee 
usi tarah tel lagaa kar apni bahen ki gaand maaro. He then applied 
oil on his cock and in his sister`s ass and started fucking her in 
the ass. We both maintained rhythm in fucking Jyoti`s cunt and ass 
and found this simultaneous fucking of her cunt and ass very 
pleasurable. Both I and Deepak felt each others cocks through the 
thin membrane separating the cunt from the ass. In this fucking Jyoti 
came several times and both I and Deepak also came together, I 
cumming in her cunt and Deepak cumming in her ass. Jyoti said that 
this was the most pleasurable fucking she had so far. 

Thereafter we all disengaged and kissed each other and slept in each 
others arms and together. 

After having fucked her sister in the ass and also having fucked my 
ass Deepak also had no inhibitions left of any kind. 

Next day Jyoti said aaj raat main Deepak se chudwaoongi aur Vijai tum 
Deepak ki gaand maarnaa. So in the night Jyoti lay flat on her back 
with her legs raised and Deepak lay on her with his dick in her cunt 
and I came behind Deepak and started fucking him in the ass. After 
this fucking Deepak said to Jyoti:"Didi tumne mujhe bahenchod bana 
diya." Jyoti retorted:"bahenchod ban gaye to kya hua mazaa liya ki 
nahin." 

Next day we all took our bath together. All of us stark naked 
standing under the shower .We all rubbed soap on each others` body 
particularly on boobs (choochiyaan), choot, lund and gaand and since 
my and Deepak`s cocks were erect and hard and both I and Deepak took 
Jyoti's tits in our mouth she also became very excited and wet in her 
pussy and held our cocks in her hands. I then took her from the front 
while Deepak took her from the rear and all the three thoroughly 
enjoyed our sexperience. 

While the parents of Jyoti were away we indulged in all sorts of 
sexual games which I may be narrating in the future. As all of us had 
fucked each other in each others presence and had seen each one of us 
naked there remained no inhibitions among any of us. Jyoti and her 
brother Deepak became sex-maniacs and wanted to take full advantage 
of their parents' absence. They wanted to try every type of sex 
before their parents could come. 

Jyoti also met her friends and told her the pleasure she got from 
double penetration of her pussy and ass at the same time. Her friend 
Asha became so much curious that she wanted to experience the 
pleasure of double fucking in cunt and ass at the same time herself. 
She said to Jyoti: "Mujhe bhi wohi mazaa dilwaao jo tumne liyaa, main 
bhi dekhna chaahti hun ki bur aur gaand mein ek saath lund ghuswaane 
mein kya mazaa miltaa hai. Jyoti asked her to try with her male 
friends or relatives. But Asha said that " main aur kisi se naheen 
kahoongi. jis se tum ne chudwaya hai aur gaand maraaee hai usi se 
mujhe bhi chudwaao aur meri gaand marwaao. Magar is shart par ki woh 
kisi se bhi is baat ki charchaa nahin kareinge."Jyoti told her that 
she will ask me and her brother and if they are willing and then she 
will tell her to come. 

Jyoti then asked me and Deepak: " meri saheli Asha tum dono se ek 
saath apni bur chudwaanaa aur gaand marwaanaa chaaahati hai jaise ki 
tum ne mere saath kiya tha agar tum log uski ek saath gaand maarne 
aur bur chodne ko taiyyar ho to us se kah dein ". 

Ham donon ne kaha ki ham logon ko kya itraz ho sakta hai jitni 
saheliyan tumhari aanaa chaahein aayein unhein niraash nahin hone 
deinge. 

Jyoti then said that there is one condition that neither of you will 
tell about this fucking to any body. 

Both of us agreed to this also and promised that apart from the three 
of us and Asha no one else will know of it. 

Then I said to Jyoti when your friend will come then we shall see but 
what about just now. I said you have taken our cocks in your cunt and 
in your ass but you have not taken it in your mouth. Dont you want to 
try oral sex. 

She said I will suck your cock today and swallow all its juice but 
after we have our lunch when we are free. 

After our lunch Jyoti asked both me and Deepak to remove all our 
clothes and so both I and Deepak became fully naked. Then she also 
removed all her clothes and she also became naked like us. 

Jyoti then lay straight on her back on the bed and asked me to lie 
over her without putting my full weight on her in such manner that my 
lund (cock) comes in her mouth and her choot ( cunt) is below my 
mouth . Then Jyoti took my cock in her mouth and started sucking it 
and asked me to fuck her cunt with my tongue and also suck her clit. 
After about ten minutes I discharged my cum in her mouth and she also 
discharged her pussy juice in my mouth and because of sucking her 
clit she came very forcefully. 

Then I withdrew and then she asked Deepak to lie straight on her back 
and she lay over him in such a manner that her mouth was over his 
lund (cock) and her choot (cunt) was over his mouth. She started 
sucking his cock and Deepak started fucking her cunt with his tongue. 
After some time Deepak said he was coming and shot his load in 
Jyoti's mouth. Jyoti also enjoyed her tongue-fucking. Thereafter our 
afternoon sex-session was over. 

In the evening after the tea Jyoti suggested that all of us should 
masturbate in the presence of each other. So I and Deepak took our 
cocks in our fists and started stroking our cocks vigorously. Jyoti 
started rubbing her clitoris vigorously. First I came and shot my 
load then Deepak came and he shot his load lastly Jyoti came uttering 
sounds of great pleasure. 

In the night when we lay on the king-size bed we engaged in a 
threesome in which I fucked Jyoti in her cunt while Jyoti sucked the 
cock of her brother and swallowed his cum. I came in her choot 
(bur,cunt) and Jyoti also had several orgasms. Then all of us slept 
and had a very sound sleep. 

Next morning Jyoti telephoned Asha to come in the afternoon if she 
was interested in double fucking and she said that she will come 
around 2.00 p.m. 

Meanwhile we indulged in other sexual activities. After the departure 
of Mr. and Mrs. Mathur I, Jyoti and Deepak started bathing naked 
together and so we went for bathing and I applied soap on the 
choochiyan (tits) of Jyoti while Deepak applied soap on the bur and 
gaand of Jyoti and Jyoti applied soap on the lunds of mine and 
Deepak. I started sucking on Jyoti's right choochi and Deepak started 
sucking her left choochi. Jyoti caught hold of my lund and the lund 
of Deepak and started stroking the lunds vigorously and both of us 
came in no time. Then she asked Deepak to fuck her choot with his 
tongue and she also came in no time. 

After taking our lunch we were waiting for Asha to come and Asha came 
exactly at 2.00 p.m. Then Jyoti asked everybody to remove their 
clothes and so all of us including Asha became naked. 

Jyoti also brought Vaseline and oil. Then Jyoti asked Asha to lie 
down on the bed on her back. I was told to suck Asha's right nipple 
and Deepak her left nipple while Jyoti started licking her cunt then 
she started fucking her cunt with her tongue and also sucking her 
clit. The combined effect of this was that Asha started uttering: 
bahut maza aa rahaa hai .ab mujhe laude se chodo aur meri gaand 
maaro. Then Jyoti asked me to lie on my back and asked Asha to lay on 
me face down inserting my cock in her cunt. Then she asked Deepak to 
come behind Asha's ass and after applying Vaseline in Asha's gaand 
with his fingers and applying oil on his lund fuck Asha's gaand. Asha 
enjoyed her double fucking of her choot and gaand as Jyoti herself 
had enjoyed. I came in her choot and Deepak came in her gaand. Asha 
also came several times. She said she will like this to be repeated 
and wanted to go but Jyoti said to her that all of you have reached 
climax but I am still unsatisfied so you fuck my choot with your 
tongue and also suck my clit and Vijay and Deepak will suck my 
choochiyan. Combined pleasure of sucking and fucking made her mad and 
she came very powerfully. Then Asha left. 

In the evening Asha's brother Shekhar came and introduced us that he 
was Shekhar and was Asha's brother and has come to invite me and 
Deepak for dinner today and we should reach at his friend's residence 
at 7.00 p.m. We told Jyoti about it. 

I and Deepak reached Shekhar's friend's residence at 7.00 p.m. There 
we were greeted by Shekhar and his three friends very warmly. Then 
whisky was served and all of us took whisky with soda and every thing 
was fine. Then dinner was served and it was also very good. 

Thereafter I and Deepak asked for permission from Shekhar to leave 
but before Shekhar could speak one of his friends came and said: jis 
kaam ke liye bulaayaa tha woh to abhi hua hi nahin abhi kaise jaa 
rahe ho. Then he started abusing us: madarchod bhosadiwale tum is ki 
bahen ki bur chodo uski gaand maaro aur hum tumhein aise hi jaane 
dein. tum donon ki ham chaaro log gaand maareinge aur apna laudaa 
chuswaayeinge. 

Then he called his other friends and said: in bhosadiwalon haraameeon 
ko kamre me le ja kar nangaa kar do. Then two of their friends came 
and forcibly took us in a room and started removing our clothes. As 
they were four and we were only two it was no use struggling so we 
removed our clothes and became naked. 

Then all the four came and removed their pants and shirts and 
underwear. 

Two came to me and two went to Deepak. Then one of the two applied 
Vaseline in my gaand (ass) and on his lund (cock) and inserted his 
lund in my gaand and the other person inserted his lund in my mouth 
for sucking. The same thing happened with Deepak. Before either could 
come in my mouth or ass both changed positions and now the other 
fellow started fucking my gaand and the person who was fucking my 
gaand inserted his lund in my mouth and I had to suck his lund. This 
time both of them came and discharged their cum in my ass and in my 
mouth and I had to taste it and swallow it. Exactly same thing 
happened with Deepak and it became obvious that it was a pre-planned 
affair. 

Then the fellow who had abused us said: ab bhosariwalon tum jaa sakte 
ho. 

Then we put on our clothes and left and came back. On coming Jyoti 
asked how was the dinner then I told us every thing that had happened 
and added ham donon apni gaand marwaakar aur unke laude choos kar aa 
rahe hain. 

Hearing our pathetic tale Jyoti rang up Asha and asked her how his 
brother could know about your double fucking and also told her what 
his brother did with me and Deepak. 

Asha said that she had told her friend Mala about it and she may have 
told it to her brother kyon ki woh apne bhai se chudwaati rahti hai 
and his brother may have told Shekhar. She felt sorry and said that 
she will send her brother to apologise. 

Next morning about 11.00 a.m. Shekhar came and apologised. He said 
mujh se badi galti ho gayee main apne dost ke kahane mein aa gayaa 
thaa mujhe maaf kar do. I said ki jis tarah tum ne meri aur Deepak ki 
gaand maari aur laudaa chuswaayaa usi tarah ham donon bhi pahle 
tumhari gaand maareinge aur laudaa chuswaayeinge. Then he himself 
removed his clothes and first Deepak fucked his ass and I gave him my 
dick to suck and then before either of us could come changed our 
positions and I started fucking his ass and Deepak gave him his dick 
to suck. I came in his ass and Deepak came in his mouth and he 
swallowed the come. Jyoti saw all this without Shekhar knowing it. 

Maine Shekhar se kaha ki apne teenon doston ki jinhone us din meri 
aur Deepak ki gaand maari thi unki gaand marwaado to ham donon 
achchhe dost ho jaayeinge. Usne kahaa ki ham ek ek kar ke teenon ko 
le aayeinge aap unki gaand maar leejiyega. 

Then I told Jyoti ki tumhari saheli ki chudai hamein badi mahengi 
padi. ab tumhari kisi saheli ko nahin chodeinge. Ab kewal tumhein hi 
chodoongaa aur tumhari aur Deepak ki hi gaand maaroongaa. Before 
Shekhar left I again reminded him to bring his three friends who had 
fucked me and Deepak in the ass and had inserted their cocks in our 
mouths for sucking so that we may take our revenge by doing the same 
with them. He said he will send Ashok who had used abusive language 
today at 7.00 p.m. and Shashikant tomorrow morning at 11.00 and 
Shankar tomorrow at 7.00 p.m. Then he left. 

At 2.00 p.m. Asha came and I asked her: do you know what your brother 
did yesterday? She said that Jyoti had told her every thing. 

Then I asked her that knowing every thing how have you come. She said 
that on the last occasion I had told you that I will like the fucking 
to be repeated so I have come. 

I said that after the previous experience of the treatment I got for 
fucking you I have no guts to repeat. 

Then Asha said tum hamaari gaand maarte ho to main to buraa nahin 
maanti agar tumhari gaand maar di gayee to itnaa buraa maanne ki kya 
baat hai. 

Maine kahaa ki agar tumhein koi dinner par bulaaye aur phir dinner ke 
baad tumhein gaaliyan de aur tumhein zabardasti chodde tab tumhein 
kaisa lagega. Ham logon ko bhi dinner par bulaaya tha gaand marwaane 
ke liye to bulaaya nahin thaa phir dinner ke baad hamein gaaliyan 
deen kahaa madarchod bhosadiwale haraami inhein nanga karo hum inki 
gaand maareinge aur inhein apna laudaa chusaayeinge. Kya yeh theek 
tha? 

Asha said this was not right on their part magar isee liye mere bhai 
ne tum dono se apni gaand marwaali aur tum donon ka lund bhi choosaa 
aur apne doston ko bhi bhejegaa ki tum donon unki gaand maar lenaa 
aur apne laudon ko chusaa lenaa. Ashok jisne tumhein gaali di thi use 
aaj shaam ko bhejegaa aur Shashikant ko kal subah 11 baje aur Shankar 
ko kal shaam ko 7.00 baje. 

Then Asha said let us now begin our chudai. On this Jyoti said that 
in her opinion it will be better that Asha calls Shekhar, her brother 
and every thing is done with him participating then he cannot 
complain to any one. 

Jyoti said main usse chudwa loongi, usse gaand bhi maraaloongi aur 
uska laura bhi choos loongi. Vijay aur Deepak tumhari bur chodlein 
aur gaand maarlein uske saamne. Usse poonchh leinge ki use koi 
aapatti hai is mein. 

Asha phoned to Deepak to come then he asked her if they want to fuck 
his ass again. Then Asha told her that there is nothing like this and 
you will like what we have decided together. 

Within few minutes Shekhar came and then Asha explained to him that 
you will fuck Jyoti both in her cunt and in her ass and she will also 
suck your cock while Vijay will fuck my ass and Deepak will fuck my 
cunt at the same time. 

Shekhar said jab tum pahle se hi in donon se chudwa chuki ho aur gand 
bhi marwaa chuki ho to dubara chudwane aur gand maraane men mujhe kya 
aapatti ho sakti hai. Main Jyoti ki bur chodungaa aur unki gand bhi 
maaroonga aur apna lund bhi unhein chuswaoonga. 

Then Jyoti said when Shekhar has no objection then let us not waste 
any more time and start removing our clothes. So all of us stripped 
our clothes and became naked. 

Jyoti first lay on her back and asked me to suck her left choochi and 
asked Asha to suck her right choochi and asked Shekhar to tongue-fuck 
her choot and also suck her clit. The combined effect of this was 
that Jyoti started crying:" Shekhar ab mujhe apne lund se chodo." 
Then Shekhar withdrew his tongue from her choot and inserted his lund 
in Jyoti`s choot aur dhakke lagaane laga. Jyoti boli aur kas kas ke 
aur jor jor se dhakke lagao. Shekhar phir Jyoti ko jor jor se aur 
jaldi-jaldi apne laure se Jyoti ki bur chodne laga. Thodi der baad 
Jyoti boli ki ab main jhar rahi hun and she calmed down. Shekhar also 
came and erupted his cum in Jyoti`s bur. 

Asha then also asked me and Deepak to suck her choochis. And both me 
and Deepak took one choochi in our mouths and then Deepak licked and 
sucked her choot and clit then when she became very passionate asked 
Deepak to lie down then she came over him and inserted his lund in 
her choot and started fucking Deepak and told me ki ab meri gand 
maaro. I came behind her and applied vaseline in her gand and on my 
lund and I then inserted my lund in her gand and started fucking her 
ass. After some time all of us came together I shot my load in Asha`s 
ass and Deepak shot his load in Asha`s cunt. After lying for some 
more time we disengaged from Asha. 

Jyoti then asked Shekhar: are you ready for the second round to fuck 
my ass. Shekhar showed his cock to Jyoti and said see this is again 
standing like a pole. Jyoti then lay on her stomach with her ass 
raised and asked Shekhar to fuck her ass. She asked me to give 
Shekhar vaseline to apply it in her ass and on his cock. As directed 
Shekhar applied vaseline in Jyoti`s ass and on his cock and then 
inserted his cock in Jyoti`s ass and started fucking her ass. Jyoti 
started crying jor jor se poora laudaa ghuserdo aur kas kaske dhakke 
lagaao. In a short time Shekhar discharged his come in Jyoti`s ass. 
Jyoti also came. Both enjoyed the ass-fucking. 

After some time Jyoti asked Shekhar if you want your cock sucked. 
Shekhar said he is now exhausted and let it be tomorrow if all agree. 
We all were really exhausted and said let it be tomorrow. Then Asha 
and Shekhar left. 

We all then felt like taking rest and slept for some time. 

At 7.00 p.m. Ashok came and started speaking in the same language: 
bhosariwale kaise yaad kiya. I said : tumse gaand marwaane mein kal 
itnaa mazaa aayaa ki ichcchaa hui ki aaj bhi tum se gaand maraayein. 
Ashok said theek hai abhi tumhari gaand maar dete hain. phir bola 
kahan hai woh madarchod Deepak lage haath uski bhi gaand maar dein. 

I asked him to go to my bed room and remove clothes and I am coming 
with Deepak. 

When I and Deepak entered the bed room he had removed all his clothes 
and was standing naked. After entering the bed room we also stripped 
naked. Then I said to Ashok: Madarchod hum logon ki gaand maarnaa 
bhool jaao.aaj hum log tumhari gaand maareinge aur apna lund bhi 
chuswaayeinge. Bhosadiwale agar heela hawaalaa kiya to tera lund kaat 
daaleinge. ab chup chaap aundhe let ja aur Deepak ka lund choos. 
Seeing our temper and mood Ashok did not say any thing and lay down 
on bed on his stomach. Deepak inserted his cock in his mouth. I came 
behind him and after lubricating his ass with vaseline started 
fucking his ass and asked him: kaho bhosadiwale kaisaa lag rahaa hai. 
But he kept quiet. I came in his ass and Deepak came in his mouth. I 
then asked Deepak to fuck his ass but he said he is exhausted and so 
will not fuck him. I then told him that we have taken our revenge of 
yesterday and he can go now. He then felt highly disgraced and left. 

Next morning Shashikank came at 11.00 a.m. we took him to our bed 
room and told him that day before yesterday you had fucked our ass 
and got your cock sucked so we are going to do the same with you. If 
you will not allow us to do then we will cut your cock. We also told 
him that we have already fucked Ashok`s ass and made him suck 
Deepak`s dick. Then he abandoned all his idea to protest and said all 
right do what you like. I then asked him to remove all his clothes 
and become naked .We also removed all our clothes and became naked. 
Since he had fucked Deepak, Deepak wanted to fuck him. So Deepak 
fucked his ass and I got my cock sucked by him. Before I could 
discharge I asked Deepak to let me also fuck him and when Deepak had 
come in his ass I came behind him and inserted my cock in 
Shashikant`s ass and discharged my load in his ass. Then I said to 
him that we have taken our revenge of day before yesterday and now we 
are friends. He then left saying o.k. 

In the afternoon Asha and her brother Shekhar came. I thanked Shekhar 
for sending Ashok and Shashikank. I told him that Ashok aur 
Shashikant dono aaye the hum logon ne unki gaand maarli aur lund bhi 
chusaa diya. Bas ab Shankar rah gayaa hai uski aur gand maar lein 
maamlaa khatam ho jaaye. Shekhar said: Woh bhi aaj shaam ko 
aajaayega. Us ne kaha hai ki zaroor aayegaa. 

Then Jyoti said let us begin our sexual activities. She said today we 
will first have sucking session. I will suck Shekhar`s cock and Asha 
will lick and suck my cunt and clit. Vijay and Deepak will suck each 
other`s cock lying in 69 position. So we all freed ourselves from our 
clothes and on one side of the bed Jyoti lay and took Shekhar`s cock 
in her mouth. Asha started sucking Jyoti`s clit and licking her cunt. 
I and Deepak started sixty-nining. I lay on my back and Deepak over 
me with his cock in my mouth and I took Deepak`s cock in my mouth and 
both began sucking each other`s cock. After a short while all of us 
came in shuddering orgasms. I shot load in Deepak`s mouth. Deepak 
discharged his cum in my mouth and both of us swallowed the come. 
Shekhar came in Jyoti`s mouth while Jyoti`s cunt juices were 
swallowed by Asha. Since Asha had not come Jyoti asked Shekhar to 
lick and suck Asha`s cunt and clit. In a short while Asha also came 
and her pussy juices were swallowed by Shekhar. 

After taking some rest Jyoti suggested we should now have a 
masturbation session. Deepak was to masturbate Shekhar, Shekhar was 
to masturbate me I was to masturbate Jyoti and Jyoti was to 
masturbate Asha and Asha was to masturbate Deepak. So we all sat in a 
circle. Deepak fisting Shekhar`s cock , Shekhar fisting my cock , I 
rubbing Jyoti`s clit, Jyoti rubbing Asha`s clit and Asha fisting 
Deepak`s cock. Then we began slow stroking then vigorous stroking / 
rubbing of cocks and clits and after some time all of us came and 
felt exhauted. So all of us lay down for rest. 

Asha and Shekhar said that they also felt exhausted and wanted to 
leave and saying that they will also come again tomorrow for enjoying 
sex. 

We three fell into sleep and awoke at 5.00 p.m. 

Then we had our evening tea and snacks and talked on various subjects 
with each other. Jyoti jokingly said 7 baje Shankar aa jaayega tum 
log uski gand maar paaoge? I said: kyon nahin abhi ham log jawaan 
hain tab tak ham logon ke lund phir se khade ho jaayeinge.gand to 
uski maarni hi hai. bina uski gand maare chain kahan. 

At 7 p.m. Shankar came. I and Deepak took him to my bedroom. Shankar 
asked : Kyon bulaya hai. I said: parson tum ne meri gand maari thee 
aaj main tumhari gand maaroonga. Then he said : tumhaare jaise 
bhosariwale bahut dekh liye. main gand maarta hun gand maraataa nahin 
hun. I then also abused him saying: tumhari ma ka bhosada, tumhari 
bahen ki bur.madarchod aaj to teri gaand maari hi jaayegi. Zyada bak 
bak karoge to tumhara laudaa kaat daalenge phir gaand marwaane ke 
alaawaa tumhaare paas koi raasta nahin bachegaa. Ashok aur Shashikant 
to apni gand maraakar chale gaye ab kewal tumhin bache ho. 

Hearing this he cooled down and asked : Kya waqai tum logon ne Ashok 
aur Shashikant ki gand maar di. I said: unse poochh lena ham jhooth 
kyon boleinge. Then he made no resitance and said meri bhi gand maar 
lo aur apna badla le lo. 

Then we removed all the clothes of Shankar and our clothes. I ask 
Shankar to lie on his stomach with his ass raised. I then applied 
vaseline and lubricated his gand and also applied vaseline on my lund 
and then inserted my lund in Shankar`s gand. Deepak came towards 
Shankar`s mouth and inserted his lund in Shankar`s mouth. After 
fucking Shankar`s ass for quite some time I discharged my cum in 
Shankar`s ass and Deepak also discharged his cum in Shankar`s mouth. 
I then asked Deepak : tumhein Shankar ki gand maarna ho to aajaao aur 
maarlo uski gand. But Deepak said: main ab tak kaafi thak gayaa hun 
is liye gand maarne ki meri koi ichchha nahin hai. I then said to 
Shankar: hamaaraa badla poora hogaya ab tum jaa sakte ho. ab hum log 
dost bhi ban sakte hain. usne kaha ki aaj se hum log dost hue aur 
chalaa gayaa.
_________________
