Modest Mindy
byshywife©
My wife and I had finally got settled in our new home after spending a lot of time searching for just the right house. Getting a new loan and finding something we could afford in a nice middle-class neighborhood was a challenge. Mindy my 32 year old wife had repainted the entire interior of the house and was now busily working in her flower garden. Gardening had become her passion. Now that the summer was here she hoped to spend every spare moment in the backyard planting and caring for her flowers.

We had a bit of bad luck in that I was laid off from the accounting agency I had worked at for the past five years. I was actively searching for a job but with the economy so bad I wasn't having very much luck. Mindy still worked teaching kindergarten and first grade at a private church school. In fact Mindy had always been quite religious growing up as a minister's daughter. We had met in high school and married after she completed just two years of college. I could never understand how lucky I was to marry the cutest girl in our entire class. She was a rare virgin when we married and quite naïve and inexperienced when it came to sex but she has always been warm and loving and willing to try new things in bed.

I suppose I have always had somewhat of a dark side when it comes to sexual fantasies. Being an unabashed voyeur has always been my passion but I tried never to let my sweet little wife know how much it seemed to consume my thoughts. As I stood in the kitchen looking out the window I could see Mindy bending over wearing her green gardening shorts feeling proud of myself that I knew exactly what her cute little ass looked like naked.

We really liked our new home and neighborhood with the exception of the house directly behind ours across the backyard fence. Several weeks after moving in, Mindy started complaining about the loud music, noisy backyard parties and foul language coming across the back fence. I'll have to admit it seemed like most of their vocabulary was limited to just four letter words. It wasn't that they were just young kids, most of the guys at their backyard barbecues appeared to be middle-aged beer drinking loudmouth drunks.

What's more, Mindy got very upset when they would throw beer cans and flick cigarette butts into her flower bed. In desperation she started throwing them back over the fence which only made the guys more obnoxious. More than once my wife would come fuming in the house upset after one of the guys would make a very inappropriate comment to her. She just didn't feel comfortable being out in her backyard working in her garden and putting up with the crude language. I didn't think it would help the situation to confront them myself not that I was anxious to have an ongoing battle with our neighbors.

Not long after we moved in, Pete, the middle-aged guy who lived there popped his head over our back fence to say hi to me and introduced himself. He seemed friendly and outgoing telling me all about himself and the two other guys that shared the house with him. He was renting the house from an old army buddy that was working construction overseas. Pete didn't have steady work so he rented out two of the spare bedrooms to help make rent payments. I mentioned I was also looking for work and hoped I wouldn't have to do same. I told him my wife Mindy was at work and we didn't have any children yet.

He offered that if I ever needed anything let him know and to be sure and come over and have a beer any time. After our short conversation that day I really hadn't spoken with him much. I had overheard some of the back-and-forth bantering he had with Mindy and could tell he was giving her a bad time on purpose for the fun of it. It was clear she wasn't enjoying it but I could tell he and his friends were having fun with her.

I spent a lot of time sitting at our kitchen table searching for employment possibilities on the computer. On the weekends I could see Mindy out working in her flower garden in our backyard. Several times I had noticed someone looking out Pete's upstairs bedroom window watching my wife dressed in her shorts and probably enjoying the view. I even noticed on more than one occasion, when we would use our hot tub after dark which was located on the deck behind our bedroom's sliding glass door, I could see someone watching with binoculars back lit in their window opening. I obviously never mentioned any of this to my wife. I just figured Pete was probably horny as hell trying to get a better look at my sexy little wife.

As the summer months grew hotter so did the ongoing conflict across our back fence. Mindy would come into our house frustrated almost in tears telling me how much she was embarrassed and humiliated by the mean spirited taunting she was getting. It got so bad that she refused to be outside in the backyard if any of the men were outside in their yard. I tried to console her and tell her to try to just ignore them but she wouldn't have any of that. She would tell me over and over the jokes and comments they made to her were just gross. I didn't tell her that if she wouldn't act so much like a prude they would probably just leave her alone. She would be in no mood to hear that kind of a comment from me.

One Tuesday afternoon I arrived home from a job interview and pulled my car into our driveway. Mindy was still at work and as I got out of my car Pete was walking his dog down the sidewalk in front of our house. He stopped to talk for a while again offering to help if there was anything I needed. I mentioned I had been trying to fix a leak in our bathroom sink and would like to borrow a pipe wrench if he owned one. He told me to come on over and he would be happy to lend me one since he had a home fix-it business and had just about every tool on the face of the earth. Most of the part-time work that he did was handyman work for a rental management company.

We walked around the block to his front door and I waited in the living room while he went to the garage to find the wrench. It would be an understatement to say the house was an absolute mess probably very typical of a bunch of bachelors. There were beer cans, beer bottles and dirty ashtrays scattered about the room. I glanced into the kitchen area and noticed the sink piled high with dirty dishes and empty pizza boxes. His big gray hairy dog was lying on the couch wagging his tail as I reached to pet him.

What really caught my eye was the stack of porn magazines on the end table and several were scattered open on the coffee table. It had been a long time since I glanced through a porn magazine and it was clear these were definitely not your typical playboy copies. The picture covers showed a theme of bondage and gang bangs by a group of guys on some poor innocent young thing. Not wanting to be too snoopy I couldn't help but flip through a few pages noting handcuffs, ball gags, rope and plenty of pain. The pictures were very explicit showing a lot of forced cock sucking. Over by Pete's TV was a stack of video tape boxes showing more photos of bondage. I was startled when he came in to the room carrying a pipe wrench and I was a bit embarrassed that I had been snooping around in his private collection.

Pete just grinned and let out a laugh and asked me if I'd found anything interesting. I too just laughed it off and nothing more was said. I thanked him for the loan of the wrench and told him I'd get right back to them as soon as I was finished. As I went out the door he laughingly offered to let me borrow one of his porn videos. I told him that probably wouldn't be a very good idea because Mindy might find it. He shot back quickly and told me that I should just let her watch it with me. I didn't even answer as I left but I knew it was probably a mistake to even mention my wife Mindy.

Even after making a couple trips to the hardware store, I couldn't seem to get the pesky leak stopped in our bathroom. A couple mornings later Pete shouted across the back fence asking if I had my repair project finished. I told him I was going to have to hire a plumber because I couldn't seem to figure out the problem. He told me to give him about a half an hour and he come over and see what the problem was. I was going to object but since Mindy was at work and I wasn't looking forward to paying a plumber anyway, I finally told him that would be great.

I was talking on the phone when Pete knocked briefly and walked right in our front door. He was carrying a small tool box so I ask the person I was speaking with to hold a moment as I showed him to our bathroom. I told him it was the drain on the sink and let me know if he needed anything as I returned to the kitchen table. I had been on the phone for probably 5 minutes or so when I walked down the hall towards the bathroom. I stopped abruptly as I looked through the half open door seeing Pete bending over our clothes hamper rummaging through the dirty clothes. I watched as he retrieved a pair of Mindy's panties and proceeded to examine the crotch smelling her soiled underwear.

I continued to watch him smell several more soiled panties and even my wife's frilly bra she had left on the counter after her morning shower a couple hours ago. I'll have to admit watching him invade her privacy was exciting. The thought of this horny pervert handling her panties and smelling my wife's odor was intoxicating. She would be mortified if she knew. I slowly step backward a few feet and cleared my throat and walked towards the doorway. Pete was busily looking under the sink when I entered the bathroom. I didn't say anything and neither did he. He quickly told me he would get a fitting and washer at his warehouse and come back and finish the job.

After Pete left the house I went in and sat on the bed still thinking deeply on what I had just witnessed. I certainly wasn't sorry it happened and my mind started fantasizing about the next time he would see my wife knowing more about her than she could imagine. It was also evident to me that Pete couldn't be trusted but that somehow even made it that much more exciting.

Mindy had always seemed to be reluctant to explore the kinky side of sexuality. Even though I had urged and almost begged and pleaded for her to be more open and spontaneous, I could always tell she wasn't enjoying it that much. She has always enjoyed making love, as she calls it, enjoying thunderous orgasms. Playing with her nipples and pussy will get her in the mood real fast. One of the biggest turn on for her is to spread her legs and let me lick and suck on her pussy. She never fails to get wet and hot when I finger or lick her hard clit.

When we were first married she seemed too embarrassed to suck my cock. It took a couple years before she would first kiss it, then lick it and finally actually suck with enthusiasm. Even though I would consider myself average size, every so often she would gag and still to this day won't swallow. She always wants me to promise her that I won't cum in her mouth. I have found that if she has a few drinks she is much more cooperative. In fact her drinking alcohol is my best friend. I think in her subconscious she uses alcohol as an excuse to lose some of her modesty and act less proper or lady like. She hadn't tasted alcohol until after we were married since it was strictly prohibited as she grew up.

Mindy is definitely the all-American housewife, very religious, modest and quite naïve. She has a petite sexy little body at 5'4" and 110 pounds with nice perky tits that fill out her B cup bra. She doesn't think of herself as beautiful but she is gorgeous. She won't even consider doing anal but she has agreed and gets into being blindfolded and tied up for some light role-play. I am the pirate and she is the princess that I kidnap on my pirate ship to do with as I please. She is extremely ticklish and will go wild laughing hysterically at the slightest touch on the soles of her feet or armpits.

Pete told me that he had the parts and would come over the next morning to fix the sink in our bathroom. He made a joke of saying that he would be sure and wait till my wife left for work so as not to cause problems. I am laughingly agreed that was probably a good idea. That night as I made love to Mindy I kept remembering how Pete had sniffed her panties. My mind raced to think of something else exciting to see how he would react. I just couldn't help myself from wanting to push it a little further.

After my unsuspecting wife left the house for work I searched through her closet drawer and found what I was looking for. For a Valentine's Day gift last year I had given my wife a dozen roses, a pair of handcuffs, blindfold and a big battery powered dildo. We had used the blindfold and handcuffs quite often but she could only be convinced to play with herself using the dildo a few times. One of the sexiest things I ever saw her do was to lay on the bed, blindfolded, with her legs spread fucking herself with her new dildo.

I quickly gathered her secret toys putting the blindfold and handcuffs on our bed along with her favorite little red nightie and matching panties leaving the bedroom door wide open. I opened the cabinet drawer right next to the sink and placed her dildo inside leaving the drawer pulled open so it was in plain sight. Needless to say my heart was beating rapidly as I let Pete in the front door and told him to go on in the bathroom while I made a few phone calls. After what seemed like an eternity he came into the kitchen telling me he was all finished with the sink.

I could tell he had a slight grin on his face as he sat down at the kitchen table. I tried not to let on to anything unusual as I paid him for the parts he had purchased. He then somewhat surprised me by telling me that he would try to keep his friends under more control and not hassle Mindy when she was in the backyard. I told him that was okay and she was quite sensitive to swearing but that would make neighborly relations better if he would do that. Then he leaned close and looked me in the eye and apologetically confessed that he couldn't help but notice my wife's toy in the drawer. I of course acted surprised and apologized for her leaving her toys out for other people to see. I told him that it was very lucky she didn't know Pete knew her secret or I would be in a lot of trouble. I told him she had no idea he had been in her house to fix the sink and he responded that it will be "our little secret."

I know he was just dying to ask more questions so I changed the subject and asked him if he could help me with a problem. I just blurted out and asked him, since he had already seen my wife's toy, if he thought Mindy's toy cock was a bit too big? Well that question got the conversation going in a big hurry. As I recall his first question was how far in her pussy will it go? And I probably responded with something like about half way because she is very tight down there. We spent the next few minutes having a bizarre conversation discussing my wife's intimate parts in detail. Of course just to be helpful, I told this stranger many intimate details about my wife and what she likes or doesn't like.

Being that pushy bastard that he was, Pete continued to ask more graphic detailed questions about Mindy including how she liked to be tied down or handcuffed. He had obviously noticed the handcuffs and blindfold lying on the bed. Before he left I made sure to have him promise he would never tell Mindy that I had told him about her. I let him know for certain I would be in a lot of trouble if we didn't keep our secret. He of course readily agreed.

After he had left, I went down the hall to the bathroom to make sure the leak was really fixed. He had replaced the damaged area and everything seemed to work fine. Looking around the room I noticed that the dildo had been moved as well as Mindy's red nightie that had been thrown on the bed. I also noticed that the top drawer of her dresser in our bedroom was open a few inches. I looked inside and noticed that her normally neatly folded bras and panties were in disarray. The dirty son of a bitch had been going through and snooping in her drawers.





For the next few weeks nothing really seemed to change regardless of Pete's promise to keep his friends more under control. The loud and boisterous parties continued the same as before causing my wife almost constant stress. Pete's two roommates and their friends were definitely not gentlemen and continued to make rude, suggestive and sexual remarks to Mindy across the fence. They were constantly climbing up on the six-foot back yard fence to talk to her. In disgust she would finally give up and come into our house to get away from the crude remarks. Several times Pete would get my attention after Mindy had gone to work and apologize for his friends. I'm not sure if he really was a sincere or not that I always let it slide.

One Saturday Mindy and I had been shopping and had just returned to our house unloading groceries from our car. Pete and his friend came walking down the sidewalk with his dog. They both walked right up to our car where we were unloading items and started talking about something unimportant. My wife of course wasn't too excited about talking to these two creepy neighbors but being the polite lady she is, stood there listening with her arms full of groceries.

The next thing I notice is that Pete's big dog is wagging his tail with his long nose in my wife's crotch. She was wearing a blue pair of cotton shorts trying to ward off the dog with her knee. She was somewhat trapped between the open car door and Pete unable to discourage the dog's inquisitive nose. I noticed her flush with embarrassment as the two men smiled at her predicament. As I watched, Pete did nothing to stop the dog from burying his nose in her crotch and smelling her. As they walked off Pete's friend joked that the dog must have found something that smelled real good.

Pete continued to be very friendly with me and would stop by our house from time to time always after Mindy had gone to work. He would normally bring an extra cold beer and poke his head in our front door asking if the coast was clear. It was kind of a running joke between us that Mindy detested him so much and would have a fit if she knew he was in her house. We had a large flat screen TV and received a lot of sports programming on our satellite dish. He was a big fan of NASCAR racing and watched several of the races on our TV.

One Saturday there was a big race that he wanted to watch but of course the Mindy was home all day from work which caused a problem. I promise to record the race on videotape so he could watch the video on his TV later at his house. My wife and I had made reservations at a nice restaurant for that Saturday night and was looking forward to a fun evening. Now when we go out to a nice restaurant, I can always look forward to some great sex later.

Now as I said before my wife isn't very adventurous when it comes to sex but she will participate in our little sexy role-play. I of course am the pirate ship captain and she is my slave girl. In our little game she almost always loses her clothing and is tied or restrained and playfully forced to do my bidding. I can usually get her stripped naked tied up and sometimes blindfolded before she so turned on she wants to make love in the normal missionary position.

That Saturday afternoon Mindy had gone out shopping and to the beauty parlor while I mowed the back yard. Pete popped up over the back fence and asking again if the coast was clear, making sure that Mindy wasn't home. He wanted to know if he could pick up the video tape of the car race that evening so he could watch it with a friend. Since Mindy would be home that evening after we returned from the restaurant, I told him I would leave the tape on a chair on our patio outside our family room sliding glass door. That way he could come by about 11 PM and get the tape without upsetting Mindy or coming into our house. I told him I would give him a call on the phone when it was ready. I didn't mention anything about the race car tape to my wife since that would have been a mood killer for her.

We had a wonderful evening at a very pleasant restaurant and enjoyed dancing in the lounge after dinner. She looked sexy as hell in her little black dress and I did my best to see if she had plenty of alcohol to enjoy. I was looking forward to an erotic evening with her after we got home. The thought crossed my mind how absolutely beautiful she looked and how much our neighbor Pete would enjoy seeing her all dressed up. Of course I was sure that he would much rather see her undressed. My mind started to wander.

Now I have always been very proud of my little wife and especially how good she looks. I've always enjoyed noticing the looks she gets from other guys that I'm sure she never notices herself. At least she tells me she never notices. I have always tried to encourage her to be more spontaneous and let herself go but without much success. The thought of her unknowingly showing herself to her horny neighbor was definitely a very sexy scenario in my mind.

We returned to our home from dinner just before 10 o'clock that evening and as Mindy went into our bedroom to change out of her dress I removed the video tape from the recorder. I quickly went into our family room and opened the sliding glass door placing the tape on a chair just outside. The plan was for Pete to go into our backyard through the side gate and quietly pick up the tape without Mindy knowing he was anywhere close by. As I closed the sliding glass door, the possibilities and my evil plan became clear to me. I reached the conclusion that what she didn't know probably wouldn't hurt her.

Mindy was just finishing up in our bathroom when I whispered to her that tonight she was my slave and instead of playing our little game as we usually did in our bedroom I instructed her to report to me wearing only her little black teddy in our family room. I especially love her little black sexy nightie with the sheer lace top that comes down just below her waist showing most of the matching lace panties. The panties are cut fairly high so a good portion of her white ass cheeks are exposed.

Mindy seemed a bit surprised at role-playing in our family room as opposed to our bedroom but she didn't object and agreed to join me shortly as instructed. I gathered a few things and went to the family room, turned the lights low and sat on the couch. I had pulled the curtains closed tightly across the glass door knowing that if I did not Mindy would notice right away. A few minutes later my beautiful wife walked into the room barefoot with a sheepish grin wearing only her hot sexy little nightie.

Her tits were swaying and jiggling under the skimpy top with little red bows on the straps as she stood in front of me. As per our little game she called me "Sir" said she was ready for inspection. I couldn't take a chance that she would see what I was doing so I immediately took a black scarf tying her hands behind her back and used another as a blindfold. Once the scarves were securely in place I quietly turned on the overhead light as well as the table lamps at the end of the couch. Hoping that the soft music playing hid any strange sound I very carefully pulled opened the sliding door curtains just a few inches. I didn't want to make it too obvious that they were left open on purpose but just that they had been carelessly left open. The opening would give him a clear view of the brightly lit room. I didn't want him to think I had anything to do with him checking out my wife.

I told Mindy to remain standing where she was while I fixed myself a drink in the kitchen. While there I called Pete on my cell phone telling him that I had just put the video on the chair outside our sliding door and it was ready for him. Not that he would need any more encouragement to snoop around at the door, but I just casually mentioned that he needed to be very quiet because Mindy was just inside the door. He assured me that he would be very quiet and he would be right over to get the video tape.

I returned with my drink sitting on the couch as my wife continued to stand at relaxed attention facing me. I started role-playing with her asking her questions as if in an interrogation while she hung her head and slowly answered. I wasn't really sure what was going to happen with Pete but I figured there was a better than average chance he would get lucky and see what he had been hoping to see for a long time. The couch was facing the sliding door so Mindy had her back to the door as she stood before me. Everything seemed to be in slow motion not knowing for sure whether Pete would be prompt to pick up his tape.

I quickly stepped into the adjacent utility room and looked out the window to see if I could tell whether he was there or not. I'll have to admit the shock of seeing him outlined in the glow from the open curtains was more than I had expected. It was clear to see that he was taking full advantage of the show. I quickly returned to the couch but now knowing for sure that our creepy neighbor was watching my modest little wife standing there with half her ass on display.

I of course didn't let on I knew anything was out of the ordinary as I continued our role-play as the evil pirate captain. The erotic tension in the room was almost unbearable for me as I realized every time I instructed her to turn and pose for me another set of eyes were watching her every move. She didn't object when I told her to do her sexy little dance for me even though her hands were tied behind her back. As she swayed moving her hips turning and hopping around her tits were bouncing completely out of her top showing off her hard coral colored nipples.

I told her sternly that if she didn't wiggle her ass real sexy I was going to spank it real hard. Bless her heart she did her best to be as sexy as possible purposely shaking her bare tits for me doing her little dance. I told her it was then time for her inspection so to pull down her panties. Facing me with difficulty she managed to peel her black lace panties down to her knees despite her hands being tied. What an erotic site she was standing there naked from the waist down with her tits still hanging out. I told her to turn in circles so I could get a good look at her which of course exposed her naked ass and trimmed bush to her secret admirer.

With her panties completely off on the floor I had her assume the position by turning her ass to me and bending over at the waist. I started gently slapping her bare ass while telling her all the nasty things I was going to do to her if she didn't do exactly as I instructed. As I swatted her ass her tits were swaying naked in plain view only a few feet from the door. I could tell my little wife was getting turned on and was starting to get wet. She was begging me to take her to our bedroom and make love. I reached around and started playing with her tits pinching and pulling on her hard nipples while she remained in place squirming and begging me to take her to bed and make love to her.

I myself was about ready to cum in my shorts knowing that horny old Pete was getting a good look at my modest little wife. He'd probably in his wildest dreams never thought he'd get to see what he was seeing. I got up from the couch and walked over to the sliding glass door. Standing just out of Pete's line of sight I told Mindy to turn around, bend over and show me her cute little ass. She reluctantly and slowly turned around and bent far forward laying her head on the cushion of the couch keeping her legs straight. The view was spectacular. My little wife was mooning us with her ass stuck up in the air. Her hands were still tied behind her back so she was forced to maintain an awkward undignified almost obscene pose.

I'm sure that Pete even in his wildest dreams never imagined such a treat. The way I figured it he had put so much effort into watching her outside in her garden and bent over that he certainly deserved to see her up close and in detail. I walked over to her and slowly rubbed her ass cheeks squeezing them giving a little slap or two. I suppose it was only proper that I tease the bastard. He had bragged to me several times that he was an "ass man." I'll bet Pete enjoyed the show my wife gave him much more than he enjoyed his NASCAR racing video. But what do I know.
