Travel Sex
by Supersawbones456

A series of sexual adventures in different places.

Travel Sex Pt. 01: Scuba Diving

Late Friday morning, I got a call from my friend Bob with whom I had done a lot of scuba diving throughout the Caribbean. He had purchased a four-day scuba excursion trip for himself and his fiance to a private island (Chub Cay), but he could not go at the last minute. He offered to give me his all-expense-paid trip for half price.

I quickly talked to my partner and arranged for him to cover for me for the three days. I called my girlfriend, and she was eager to put her relatively recent certification to use and said she could make it happen. It would be a tight squeeze to make the flight to catch the seaplane to the island, so she packed a few things for us.

I rushed home after work, and Carrie and I took off for our four-day adventure. She was excited about the time away and the dives ahead. She had never been on a seaplane before, and she was excited about the new experience. She was pumped. I was also pumped because I knew that whenever I did anything special for Carrie, she got very sexually aroused.

The first time you take off or land in a seaplane, it is a bit of an adrenaline rush. It is deafening as you can hear the water crashing on the plane and can feel the vibrations. It can give rise to visions of the plane coming apart. Our take-off and landing was no exception, but it was pretty routine as these things go.

Bob had told me that this particular excursion would be packed with many very hot-looking people as he had snagged a spot on a trip that a modeling agency had primarily booked as a perk for their most productive models. He said 15 female models and five male models were signed up for the trip, and ten other people were also scheduled to be joining.

If the people on the seaplane were any indication, Bob was spot-on about there being some beautiful people on this excursion. One of the girls was a blonde, who was probably in her early 20's with those kinds of tits that jiggled with every bounce of the plane, with a perfect face, long legs, flat tummy, which was on display as she was wearing one of those tops that tye under the breasts.

There was another girl with a kind of streaky brunette hair, fairly large tits, a smile that could light up a room, and a perfect hourglass figure. There was a plane full of gorgeous girls and some very handsome guys to top that off. It was a bit of a shock to see that the men sat together and the women sat together. It was a small plane which probably only sat fifteen people.

The cockpit was open to the passengers, and I kept looking for the island without spotting anything but the ocean. Thankfully the pilot, no doubt with an assist from his navigational instrumentation, found it and brought the plane to a successful landing. We got off the plane after it was docked and met by more beautiful people and the facilities manager.

We were shown to a lovely cottage in a row of cottages. The setting was stunning. We were informed that dinner would be served in about 30 minutes in the clubhouse. We walked in a few minutes early and got to know some people, and everyone seemed to be having a good time.

Each cottage was assigned a table in the dining room. The dinner was delicious, and the tropical drinks were too. After dinner, the divemaster introduced himself and his "first mate," Octavia. The first mate was one of the most stunning women there. Tanned, very feminine looking, had a sway to her as if the ocean was moving in her. The divemaster was also tanned and looked very toned and fit with very well-defined musculature.

They gave us the usual safety rules and the schedule for the dives. They noted that our first dive tomorrow would be in an area with several sunken ships and even a sunken airplane. They suggested caution in exploring the ships because a few moray eels were making their homes in the wreckage.

Everyone mingled for an hour or two and then went to their respective cottages. Carrie was very impressed and thankful that I had brought her on the trip. We fucked like a couple of horny teens and fell to sleep in each other's arms. It looked like it was going to be a wonderful, romantic, ordinary Caribbean dive trip.

Carrie woke me up and reminded me we needed to dress for breakfast and get ready to go. They did not want guests to wear swim gear to the dining room, so a shirt and pants were the order of the day. She also told me that we would complete another notch on her bucket list and have sex on the first dive.

We ate and changed into swimming suits and headed to the dive boat to take us to the first dive area. Carrie had, of course, grabbed a pair of speedos for me to wear, and I was a little shy as they left almost nothing to the imagination. I finally just decided that I would probably never see these people again, so what the heck.

I was entranced as always by the beauty and almost magical colors which appeared in the crystal clear water. I wanted to see the wrecks, and they were fascinating. Carrie kept hurrying me through all this and urging me to follow her away from the group. When we got to a place behind a rise, she made it clear that she wanted to have sex.

When I am erect, I am more than 8 inches so slipping my cock out the leg of a speedo doesn't work for me, so I had to remove them. Carrie took off her bikini bottoms and slipped them over her arm. Making the connection was a little tricky with scuba tanks and buoyancy control devices, but we finally were able to get all that figured out. Being 50 plus feet underwater made kissing rather perfunctory.

The water tends to wash away the natural feminine lubrication, but I had tried sex in a pool and came prepared with lubricant. It was challenging to get the leverage to thrust very effectively. I would push, and she would tend to float away. It was frustrating but also hilarious. When we finally got to the rise, and she was able to anchor herself, it quickly became apparent that Newton's laws of motion worked both ways.

If I didn't hang on tight, my thrusts would push me away. I finally figured out that I would have to remove my tank, keeping the air hose in my mouth, and lay on the ocean floor so she could ride me cowgirl style while I held her hips. We finally managed a rhythm and were able to cum. Honestly, it was probably the worst sex I ever had with her, but the excitement and novelty made it worthwhile.

When we finished, I realized we had just enough air to get back aboard the boat. I was focused on getting my tank on and helping her. I let her board the boat first so I could push her luscious ass and help her board. We were to last to board. When I climbed up on the boat, I became aware that all twenty-five people were silent and staring at me.

I suddenly realized that I was naked. In my concern over the air and trying to help Carrie, and because the water was so warm, I guess I forgot to put the speedos back on. As I felt the eyes of everyone fastened on me, "the beast," as Carrie named my cock, started to sniff the air and get ready for action. I was so embarrassed I just stood there like a fool.

No one was offering me a towel. Carrie was struggling to hold her laughter in check and generally seemed to be enjoying the situation.

I finally got my wits together and said, "After everyone has had a good look, would someone give me my towel, please?"

One of the totally hot girls finally came over with my towel. Before she handed me my towel, she said, "Do you want me to get some rigging and hoist the towel on your mast or what?"

Wrapping the towel around me almost made matters worse as the towel billowed out and made my erection more obvious.

The first mate, trying to rescue me, commented about me just enjoying nature and going "natural." That put the topper on the event as everybody started calling me "Nature Man" for the rest of the trip. The divemaster dove to try and find the speedo without success.

After we got back, I asked if there was any place I could get some swimming trunks on the island. There was a tiny (like one room) shop. They had one pair of trunks which I bought. The trunks were three sizes too big for me, but I figured I could cinch them up, and I could remain clothed. I was very wrong on several accounts.

That afternoon we went out for another dive. The divemaster asked if two of the very hot women could buddy with Carrie and me as they were new divers, and I had a triple certification. I figured that it was the right thing to do and would also prevent Carrie from trying to have sex again and risking me losing my trunks. We got together, went over some basic safety rules, and discussed the standard hand signals.

This dive was to be a bit deeper, and although it was not necessary according to the dive tables, I insisted we would allow time for a decompression stop when we were ready to ascend. It was a beautiful dive, and some of the sights were just wonderful. The divemaster had given me a can of compressed cheese to feed the small fish which often around, which I surprised my little group by doing.

All the girls were just amazed that these small fish would just come up and gobble the cheese I squirted out. It was not my first time doing this, but I always enjoyed the brightly colored fish and their antics. It happened that the little guys swarmed us, and since I knew that being in that situation could become disorienting, I kind of gathered the girls close by so I could be sure they didn't panic.

I think they misunderstood my intentions, and suddenly I was surrounded by the swarm of fish and the three girls. They all seemed eager to take advantage to get close and paw at me, especially at my crotch. Soon I was tenting my way too large trunks, which seemed to amuse everyone.

I signaled it was time to make our ascent to twenty feet, where we would allow time for decompression and for our bodies to rebalance nitrogen content. During the time that we hung there, the girls decided to get frisky again. Carrie went so far as to reach into my trunks and pull the beast out, and the other two girls just had to get their little hands on it.

Very soon, I was completely erect. The girls were tugging at my trunks, and I was getting a little concerned about the amount of air we had left as well as being molested. True, I was not a completely unwilling victim. I finally got them to realize we needed to surface or run out of air. So we made our way back to the boat. I let the girls re-board first and then climbed out. Unfortunately, the beast was poking out the top of my trunks and again attracting attention.

My little group was still aroused and laughing and just having a great time. This time Octavia was joining in the fun. A couple of the guys looked a bit irritated that I was getting so much attention, and a few of them joined in the fun. No one was grabbing me; they were checking me out and laughing. I was stunned because this kind of thing had never happened on any other dive trip.

We finally got back to the island and went to our cottages. Carrie jumped into the shower while I hung up our suits. I would have joined her, but my head was still kind of spinning from all that had taken place, so I dried off and sat down to wait my turn. When Carrie came out, she teased me a little, and I went in to get the saltwater off me so I would feel more comfortable.

I came out of the shower to find our little group gathered in our cottage. That would have been fine, but I was naked and had to parade through the group to get my clothes. The girls-including Carrie- made it clear that they preferred me to stay naked. I figured I had nothing to hide anymore, so I laid my clothes down and went and laid down on the bed.

The girls came and sat around me on the king-size bed and soon were fondling the beast. I looked at Carrie, and she seemed perfectly comfortable and maybe pleased at all that was going on. The girls started talking about the beast and wondering how big it got and how far it would shoot cum.

They decided to take turns sucking and licking the beast. By this time, I was far past thinking of anything but cumming. It was a little frustrating since they weren't able to get the beast fully inside their mouths. Eventually, I felt the familiar tingle and my balls tightening and knew that I would soon cum and told them.

The first shot landed on the wall, and then they all took turns getting a taste by swapping my cock from mouth to mouth. They all got cum on their faces and in their hair but seemed okay with the mess. The girls needed to clean up, and I needed to clean up the cum shot on the wall before dinner.

I asked Carrie why she had set up this fling, and she said that the look on the girls' faces when they saw the beast was just priceless. She also said that the chance to see these high-profile models groveling over something she had was just more than she could resist.

Dinner was delicious. It did seem to me that more people, especially girls, stopped by our table, and we got several invitations to stop by and socialize after dinner. I didn't want to be rude, but I was a little tired and was looking forward to some alone time with Carrie, so I politely thanked everyone and made no commitments.

After dinner, Carrie and I decided to walk around the tiny island and enjoy the beautiful scenery and the amazingly clear night, which seemed to be bursting with stars. Before we went for a walk, I asked for a couple of bottles of champagne to be delivered to our cottage.

I was looking forward to quietly enjoying our time. It seems that word had gotten around, and no sooner had we gotten to our lodgings and uncorked a bottle; we had visitors.

The first mate came by ostensibly to apologize for embarrassing me. I assured her it was okay. The three of us were starting to learn about each other's backgrounds when the girls from our little group brought a bottle and decided to drop by for some more socialization. They were surprised (and may be disappointed to see the first mate.

After chatting for a bit, I decided to kind of lounge on the bed while the girls talked. I must have dozed off. I woke to hear the girls discussing how the beast was huge and shot off like a cannon. Octavia was skeptical. Carrie decided to continue her game and asked me to show her what I had. She didn't wait for my response before dragging my shorts down.

Octavia looked and saw my four soft inches and was not impressed and said she had seen bigger.

The girls chimed in, saying," wait." I was getting a bit tired of being put on display and told them that if they were so eager to see the beast, they needed to get naked too. Our little group quickly complied. I put a pillow over myself and asked Octavia if she wanted to see me at full mast.

She finally said she didn't want to be a party pooper and stripped. Octavia was even hotter naked. The beast started sniffing the air and growing. Soon I was fully engorged. The girls were all encouraging Octavia to hold it.

As if she was hypnotized, she came and sat down and tried to wrap her petite hand around the beast and just said, "holy shit!" Octavia started stroking me with two hands without saying a thing. While she sat there absently stroking me, she asked if any of the girls had gotten me inside.

Carrie said, "Oh, yeah, and it is amazing."

Octavia said, "I've got to try." I thought Carrie would stop this craziness, but she said that she was okay with that if I was.

Octavia didn't wait for my answer. She just moved to straddle me. She began rubbing the beast on her slit. I could feel her moisture. She began moaning and moving her hips back and forth, rubbing me on her clitoris. She started moaning and finally aimed me at her sopping wet love channel.

She moved down and worked the head in while saying, "So big, I've got to have it."

She kept moving and sliding inch by inch into her until I was about halfway inside. I looked down and could see that her cute labia was being tugged inward with each stroke. She was tight but silky smooth and wonderful. She arched her tanned and lovely body and just kept impaling herself. Finally, I felt the beast hit the hardness of her cervix.

She stopped moving and started quivering and jerking as a woman possessed. She started driving her hips forward and backward, and I could feel her vagina relaxing a bit, although I could still feel myself hitting her cervix, which began to feel uncomfortable. I didn't want to say anything, so I rolled her over so I could control how hard I was hitting.

Octavia began a slowly gathering screaming and moaning sound and making unintelligible sounds. She was getting quite loud. The door to our cottage flew open, and several of the girls came bursting in armed with an assortment of makeshift weapons. They stopped dead in their tracks when they took on the scene. When Octavia stopped cumming. I rolled off her and laid beside her on the bed.

Octavia was murmuring about how mindblowing her orgasm was and how she didn't think it was possible. She also said it was the first time she had had an orgasm from a penis. She said I had a magic stick. The girls from our little group corrected her, saying it was the beast. I told her she was great and hoped she hadn't hurt herself while bouncing around.

The girls who had just burst into the cottage were eyeing the beast and noting that it was still erect. Several of them wanted to see how the beast felt inside of them. A few of them talked Carrie into letting them try. It was exciting, but I was tired of playing the game after a while and wanted to be with Carrie. Alone.

The next day was the last dive trip and the flight home. It had been a lot of fun and had been filled with many new experiences, but I was actually glad to get back to being myself and not nature man.



