The newly transformed girl sat on the doctors examination bed with the trembling vulvoid panties at her knees. She was in deep shock, alternating from wracking sobbing to quiet screaming to gasping as she endured the doctor and the general examine her new vulva and breasts. I was standing opposite her, unable to move because my breast brains were controlling me - keeping me still like some switched off girl android.

The doctor was giving the general a running commentary on what changes the panties had caused to the body of the former-boy opposite. Pulling the girls labia apart he pointed to the girls clitoras and said 'this is what the subjects penis has become - a fully functional clitoras'. Tracing his fingers over the girls lips and along the length of her slit he added 'and this labia majora - well it used to be his... sorry.. her scrotum sack. Its thicker and fleshier now of course, but thats what has become of his scrotum - vagina lips'. He continued, pulling the vulva lips apart further near the new girls vagina until the vagina entrance itself was revealed 'Of course some new anatomical features have no analogue in the boys former body - the vagina is a completely new construct. When it forms during the change it forms from the front - a passage then grows inwards from the start inside the vulva lips to meet up with the internal reproductive organs than grew earlier...' The general seemed fascinated by this information.

'So how did it feel to grow a vagina?' he asked the almost hysterical girl.

'Ooooohhhh!!! It was so horrific! You cant imagine! You cant image! Oh god - Its so flat, so flat between my legs! The vagina! Oh god... Ive god a vagina!!!! You bastards.... Youve turned me into a fucking girl!!!!' she raved

'Answer the question!' the doctor snapped

'How do you think it felt! Those foul panties wouldnt stop pumping my body with whatever fucking substance did this!' she screamed as she grabbed her cunt in her hand and squeezed it with hatred in her eyes. 'I dont know what was worse! Feeling my bloody penis become absorbed, shrinking so much and then become flat space! Or when that flat space started to split open! Oh god I hated that feeling, the parting skin, these foul lips splitting open - I COULDNT MOVE - THESE HORRENDOUS BREASTS CONTROLLED ME!!... And then when I thought it was over, a feeling so horrible I cant even begin to describe it! That fuck hole! Oh god... My vagina formed! It felt first as though someone was pushing on my skin inside my new slit! But the pushing feeling got worse and then I felt the actual passage form! It was so invasive! I could feel it push inside my body - I could actually feel the passage form deep inside me, and then I knew I had become a girl completely and utterly.... It HATE IT!!! I HATE HOW IT FEELS!!!!' she began screaming again. 'You cant imagine the horror! You cant! You cant imagine how it feels to have a mouth between your legs! I can feel my lips stretch whenever anything pushed into my vagina! Lips! Between my legs! It feels so wrong - so utterly intrusive! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!'

Suddenly the panties around her knees began to move more obviously and the girl's breasts moved as her nipples suddenly became fully errect - a sure sign she was being controlled once again by them. 'What is happening now' asked the General

'The panties usually need their first feeding soon after host sex change, as you can imagine they expend a large amount of energy in changing the host into their female symbiot. She will be forced to masturbate now to feed them' the doctor said

'Oh!' said the general as the whimpering girl was forced to draw the writhing panties up her legs and onto her crotch.

'Yes - the vulva of the host feeds the panties with vaginal lubricant, its very rich in protein and sugars actually. So the panties scent-communicate with the girl periodically triggering breast control to force the girl to masturbate with the panties on. When she comes and during her self arousal, her vulva produces the fluid and the panties absorb this. Normally our girls do this up to five times a day - much more in the first few days after the sexchange of the host of course' the doctor added

The girl spread her legs and gave a soft scream of helpless frustration as her hand grabbed and began to massage her very flat and female groin. Her other hand grabbed a breast and began to massage it. Through the panty cloth she was feeling up and down the length of her vulva slit, pushing the panty fabric into her slit and frequently kneeding and pushing harder into the area directly above her vagina entrance. Her hand was shaking and tears were leaking from her eyes, yet she was obviously becoming aroused as she also started to moan each time her hand stroked, squeezed or rubbed her mound. The sight was very sexy and the men in the room were obviously getting hot watching this girl masturbate. I also became wet as the male part of my psyche still appreciated the look of a girls body. The girl began to moan more loudly and more often and soon was also thrusting her hips forward and backwards to accentuate the vulva massaging. The area around her slit was obviously wet and we could see a dampness all around her labia. She began to climax and suddenly screamed 'Ohhh god help me!!!! Im coming as a girl!!! NOOOOOOO!!!!! Its so foul, so flat... Help Meeee!!!! Its swallowing!!!! My vagina! Oh god its swallowing!!!!!! I HATE IT! I HATE IT!!!!' she raged as her orgasm exploded and her panties saturated themselves. She removed her trembling hand from her cunt, staring in shock at the incredible female form and watching - helpless - as her panties moved, gorging themselves on her cunt juices.

The general had clearly developed an erection from the telltale bulge in his pants. Nonetheless he managed to say 'wow - incredible, I can barely believe this girl was a young man an hour ago! Incredible! Those panties! They are actually feeding on her cunt! Amazing!... Doctor, I will be sure to report just how well your program is going. I will be keen to hear how the girls get on tomorrow, at school. That will be a good test of the mamobellum control of their bodies.'

'Yes I will general. Thank you for your encouragement - we are proud of our achievements so far' the doctor said

Hearing this was too much. With only minimal breast control currently acting on me I screamed 'No!!!! You cant just walk away for god sake general! The government is meant to protect citizens - not do this to them!!!!' At that moment I pulled my panties down to reveal my own bald vulva. I grabbed the mound, touching the girls lips where my dick once was and continued 'My body! Oh god - these panties gave me this cunt! They have raped me! I have given birth for god sake!!!!' I began to sob. 'I have been forced to turn this man.. this poor man... into... a... GIRL!!!! Ohhhh my breasts!!! They control me!!! Help me!!! I hate this body - you have to change me back... Please!!! Please general' I raged, but soon my breasts reaserted themselves and with a shudder my body ceased to obey my thoughts and again I became statue like. The general left the room and the doctor merely told the almost hysterical new girl and me to follow him. Robotically we both complied.

We walked down the hall and the new girl was directed into the nurse's office to receive her new clothes and to have her post-sex change meal. I was told to go back to my room and to 'relax' for the rest of the day. I watched the lithe form of the new girl ahead as she walked to the nurse's office, her swaying breasts and amazingly curvaceous body. A slight gap between her legs revealed the snug and flat form of her vulva, showing a slight crease where the panties dipped into her labia slit. As she turned the corner, the front of her panties became visible and I took in the snug mound covered by her panties, again noticing the slight indent of her labia lips as they began the curve from where her penis used to be. Were I not in an identical body, aware of the precise empty feeling between my own legs, I would have enjoyed seeing this highly sexual sight. I glanced down bewteen my own legs and saw the precise same thing - shuddering I was forced to walk on and to my room.

The rest of the day was spent in somewhat of a daze, broken every few hours by the horrific experience of forced masturbation. Feeling cold I needed to put clothes on. I tried desperately to find some clothes that looked vaguely male, choosing jeans over the dress that was my other choice. They were girls jeans, but I thought that at least I might be less reminded of my body by them. What a shock! Pulling them up I discovered they were very tight, and the way they fit over my abdomen meant they were stretched over my groin. I hated the feeling - the powerful grip of the tight fabric intimately reminding me of my flatness - but worse still, they actually pulled my labia lips apart - showing a slit in the rounded flatness that they covered. I began to scream again as I pulled them off - throwing them in a corner and then crying as I resorted to pulling on my schooldress. Sitting on the bed in my schooldress was just so shocking, every time I got on or off the bed, I pulled the dress higher with my legs and often caught glimpses of the fucking panties I wore. Several times I just lied down and cried myself to sleep.

The rest of the time I tried my hardest to not think about my body or predicament. Food was brought to me and, when I refused to eat, my breasts again forced me to ingest. At around 4 oclock the nurse came by and told me that I needed to have a shower. I tried to refuse but found my body walking to the bathroom and pulling off my dress. I even was made to pull my foul vulvoid panties off, watching with renewed frustration as my bald vulva was revealed. Being a girl was just so different - I hated the feeling and I could not bear the look between my own legs. I turned the shower on and walked inside, grabbing a bar of soap and with my breasts directing me, I was forced to wash this girls body. Soaping my breasts up was just horrible, feeling their large bulk in my hands - but the worse was when I had to wash my cunt. My soap bar holding hand moved lower and I spread my legs as I rubbed the bar over my vulva and into my slit. Lathered up my other hand moved up and down my cunt, washing it. I could feel my fingers inside this impossible slit and occasionally they would even poke a few cm into my vagina hole. It was a horrific sensation that left me gasping with grief and loss. How I missed my dick! How empty and flat was this girlhood between my legs! Electric sensations from my breasts again preceeded my bodies forced action in reaching to pick up the vulvoid panties and pull them on whilst in the shower. Obvisouly they also needed to be cleansed and they hug my female form as they soaked through - becoming ever so transparent so that my slit was even more obvious. Again I was forced to rub my genitals, this time with panties on, as I cleaned them in the running water.

I dried myself down with trembling hands, forced to spend a good deal of time towell drying the vulvoid panties that I wore. The panties themselves were still wet, but they soon were dried by my body heat. Feeling exhausted I went to bed and fell into a tormented sleep. Like the night before I was woken to masturbate, this time it was twice. The familiarity I now had with the sensations and feel of this girls body did not alleviate my hatred of it. Each time my orgasming cunt spasmed I grew more, not less loathing of the experience. Yet I was trapped in this body and I could see no possible means of escape.

In the morning I awoke to find a new school uniform had been placed on my dresser. A knock at the door announced the doctor who told me to get dressed for school. I tried to speak but my voice choked up and as the door closed I was left with nothing to do but do as instructed. My first challenge was to put on a bra for the first time. It took me ages and I hated the sensation of the bra, which made me feel like some large hands were holding my breasts. I slipped my dress on and then looked in the mirror at the perky schoolgirl staring back at me - curvaceous mounds emphasised my breasts and a triangular emptiness emphasised my girls crotch in my dress. Once again I found myself breathless with shock as a knock at the door preceeded the entry of one of the Genetech thug drivers.

"Come with me Lisa - its time for school, lets see what the boys think of your cute little package!" he laughed and walked from the room. I was compelled to follow and found myself joining a queue of girls all dressed as I was walking to the door. The girl I had changed was in the line, her errect nipples prominently advertising he breast control. She had the look of a haunted person, having just experienced her first night as a girl and no doubt having been forced to masturbate to feed her vulvoid panties countless times.

We all walked from the door like female robots and were directed into a mini bus with the 'G.I.R.L. Homes' logo (I heard this stood for Girlhood Investigative Research Laboratories). We all sat in our school dresses on the bench seats as the bus rolled out of the grounds and towards the school in the nearby town. My breasts jiggled with every bounce and the girl who I had changed occasionally stifled a sob in the back of the bus. When we arrived we saw all the other students also arriving. We walked off the bus and most of the girls from Genetech headed off towards the school grounds. Not knowing what to do I followed them and walked past a group of boys who called out to me 'Hey missy! Youre new arent you?'. Whether it was my breasts or me I cant remember, but I stopped and turned to face them standing on the grass. One of the boys, who looked about 17, walked up to me and sized me up - staring for a good while at my breasts and crotch. 

"Welcome to the school....er...." He said waiting for my name

"St.... Lisa!" I found myself saying, trying to say my real name but prevented from doing so by my breast brains

He walked closer and gave me a slight push. As I stumbled backwards my legs bumped into a boy who was deliberately placed behind me to trip me. I fell and as I did my legs came apart and before I know it I was spread legged, with my panty covered cunt revealed for all the boys to see. Shocked at the indignity of these perfect strangers staring at my hated girlhood and the sudden sensation of my lips pulling apart I began to close my legs. Instantly my nipples came errect and I whimpered as my legs shudered apart as far as they could, my dress riding high up my legs and the panty fabric pulling taughtly over my totally exposed groin. They and I all stared at the girlhood revealed, noticing the curvaceous flatness of my panty covered cunt and the obvious indent where the panty fabric fell into the depression of my labia lips. They all started wolf whistling and all stared at my flat rounded girlhood. I began to hyperventilate wanting to scream at them 'help me! Im a boy like you - look what they have done to me! Help me please! I hate being a girl!!!'. But I did not... Instead, at the insistance of my breasts I just smiled and said 'Like the view boys? My vulva is pleased to meet you! Think your dicks are so good? Try experiencing one of these!' and my hand grabbed my cunt and squeezed it. They boys all stopped laughing as I stood up slowly, eyeing each of them as I was forced to walk off. They boys were speechless.    

Lesson one was a 'personal education' lesson covering... you guessed it, female anatomy this week. We had our personal education books before us as we sat at our desks. Glancing across the room I saw one of the boys who had delighted in tripping me up and seeing my cunt. My breasts tingled and as I caught his eye I was made to swivel and spread my legs so that he could see my snatch. I was shuddering inside, wanting to scream yet all I could do was watch my body act in a highly sexual manner towards the now blushing boy....

The teacher told us all to open the book to page 79. Upon doing so I saw a cross sectional diagram of a girl's abdomen. Looking at the horrific organs in cross section I mentally mapped out the foul body parts with my own physical sensations. I could see the flat lips and in turn I could sense their presence between my legs. I could see the pathetically small clitoras (my own penis had shrunk to become this) and in turn I could sense this thing in the deep folds of my slit. Then my eyes turned to the worst thing, the vagina.... A passage so utterly alien that began between the folds of the diagram's labia lips and pushed inside to meet up with the alien internal organs. Closing my watering eyes I knew that one of the most substantial and intrusive sensations my vulva communicated to me was the vagina... my vagina... I could feel it between my legs and somehow its presence now became even more revolting to me... I began to shake and my breast bains only just managed to keep control. One hand darted under the table and between my legs, slipping past the panty side and I felt the slit and my vagina entrance first hand - mentally relating the diagram sketch with my own terrible reality...

At that moment I heard a girl crying somewhat hysterically and I looked across to see the girl I had changed, whose new name was fiona, shaking and crying. Through her dress I could see the mounds of her breast brains had widely distended nipples - obviously struggling for control of her body. She was obviously finding the study of her hated new body too much and had broken down. The teacher asked me to take her to the school clinic and I complied.

We walked slowly out the door with all eyes on us and found ourselves walking down a deserted corridoor and out into the quadrangle towards the clinic. The girl looked at me and said "You turned me into a girl!  Ohhh god I hate it! This thing between my legs!!! These breasts!!! Why? Why did you do this to me!!! Aaahhhhh I hate the feeling of my cunt!" She sobbed

"I didnt want to! I hate being a girl too! These breasts made me! You know they can control you! Its not my fault!!!" I told her

"I know.... Oh god these breasts... they made me... they made me... (sob!) masturbate so many times!!!! Made this cunt throb and swallow!!! I hated it - the feeling of my cunt hole swallowing when I come!!! Its too much to bear!!!!" she cried at me.  Her hand flew between her legs and she felt herself while she became hysterical again, her breasts' nipples became errect and she said in a robotic tone "My panties require sustenance, where is the girls toilet!"

I was so hoping that Fiona's hysterics would attract attention so that we could somehow let someone know that we were really boys who had been turned into girls by our living panties... But my own breasts tingling told me that this was not to be the case. My own body jerkily complied and together Fiona and I noticed and walked into the girls toilet.

Fiona was sobbing as we entered the girls toilet. This toilet had no urinals - it was a girls toilet and we were now girls. The toilet was empty and Fiona walked straight into a cubicle. Stangely I was forced to follow and as I turned the corner I saw she had puller her dress high and had pushed her very female pubic mound forward as if waiting for me. My breasts forced me forward - forced me to pull my dress high as well and then we knew that our breasts intended for us to masturbate the other. It was an incredible shock as Fiona's hand grabbed and started massaging my vulva. I winced at the feeling and then found my hand had grabbed her cunt and was similarly massaging and feeling it. Touching her cunt I could feel her girlish curves with some impartiality and it occured to me just how amazingly different a vulva was to touch. Between my own legs I could feel a frantic hand roaming and touching my own girlhood. I knew that in her mind, she was examining my own cunt with fear and hate, realizing that the alien organ that she felt in her hand also lived bewteen her legs. No doubt the other sensation - another hand touching her sensitive girlhood in a most invasive way, was also making her live a forceful reminder of her vulva's own flatness and invasiveness. Part moaning, part quiet sobbing we both began to climax and moments before we came each of us, independently, were forced to plunge our hands down the front of the other's panties to cup and hold the other's girls mouth whilst it came.... I could feel her panties writhing, pushing my hand out of the way whilst they gorged themselves on her girl cum. My own panties were doing the same and we soon removed our moist hands from their panty confines and stared at each others sex, gobsmacked at yet another forced violation of these hated bodies. I saw Fiona's living panties writhe as they sucked into her slit and occasionally puffed out as the gusset withdrew with a load of her cum to ingest into its living fabric matrix. The sight was deeply disturbing and made many times more so by the fact that I could feel my panties doing the same thing between my own legs.

Tired, broken spirited and utterly helpless we slowly sat on the floor and merely cried whilst our vulva's were gorged upon. Fiona looked up at me and said 'so do you think this is what our lives will be forever now?..... Were not even human any more! Im just a host to these fucking panties!....'

'I know!' I said 'I hate it so much.... Most of my life I have thought myself lucky if I got to see or touch a girl... you know... on these girl parts.... ' I glanced between my legs and at my breasts. 'But I never even thought what it would be like to be one! To have these heavy mounds! To have no dick, no balls, but this slit.... that tiny tiny clitoras.... that hole!!!! pushing into my body!!! Oh!! I hate the feeling! So flat... so invasive... my breasts so big - so heavy!!! Arrrrgggghhh!!!!'

'I cant believe Im a girl!' Fiona said 'Yesterday I was a male... I watched you become a girl! Those panties! Those fucking panties between your fucking legs! They changed you into a girl! I saw it happen.... It was so incredible! I saw your balls and cock trapped in that throbbing mass... Getting smaller and smaller while you screamed! I saw your slit form - your vagina push inside you!'

'Why didnt you help me! Get them off me!' I cried back at her 'Then I wouldnt be a girl and nor would you!'

'I was scared... You were thrashing around so much! I didnt want to touch the panties!' she sobbed back 'But god I wish I had now....' she said as her gaze dropped between her own legs to the now still mound of her own vulva.... 'How did it feel? To be raped?'

'Becoming a girl was the worst sensation by far... but the feeling of these panties forcing a panty penis between my lips and deep inside me!...' I shuddered thinking about it 'It was almost as terrible... I felt them moving inside me! Deep inside a passage that I shouldnt even have - my vagina!... but that was nothing to giving birth!'

'did it hurt?' she asked

'It did, but not as much as I feared - the panties a so much smaller than a baby.... but that was not the worst.... it was the knowledge that I was giving birth! The feeling of some living thing.. that I knew to be a foul pair of vulvoid panties had violated me by growing inside me! and was now forcing its way out! I hated the breast control that made me co-operate... so that I would put them on you and make you a girl like me!!!! The feeling of my cunt lips! These foul lips being pushed apart... Of something pushing them apart... Ohh!!! It was horror....!!!! The stretching feeling! The sensation of these fucking cunt lips moulding around those things as they came out of me..... Your panties....'

'I hate them!' Fiona screetched 'Look what they did to me! They stole my dick! Im a host now... A host to these panties... They stole my body! What right did they have to change me into a girl!.....' (silence)..... 'Ive been raped too!' she said suddenly, locking eyes with me

'Youve been raped? By your panties?!!' I said shocked

'No..... not by them...' she said casting shy eyes between her legs... 'It was one of the Genetech people! That bastard who pointed a gun at me yesterday! That bastard who forced me into that room... that room where you... where you....' she began crying

'changed you into a girl?' I said

'Yes!.... that room...' she said. 'He came into my room last night... I had only just been forced to masturbate! I was in shock, terrified... when he came in and told me he needed to teach me a lesson!!!'

'That bastard!' I said...

'He put on a condom... ordered me to co-operate! my breasts! these foul appendages made me lie there while he rammed his cock into my... my.... AAARRGGGHHH.... my cunt!... I hated the feeling... his dick went so far inside me!' she broke down again.

Hearing this made me angrier than ever. It was bad enough to be treated like some lab rat, to lose our manhood and become some helpless host in an alien body, host to living panties and intelligent breasts... But to be raped by these fucking men was beyond belief... Something needed to be done... Slowly a plan began to form in my mind, a plan of revenge against that bastard that would repay him for his horrendous crime in a most fitting way....

To be continued...

VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm