Ine'che wasn't sure what possessed her to do such a thing, but she brought the ebony and emerald walking stick up to Azkadellia's suite. She didn't know this princess, didn't know if she would accept it with good grace or not. But the stick was deceptively fragile looking and had emblems of protection carved into the ebony wood, and it was topped with a small but powerful emerald that could be keyed to any Practitioner's magical signature. It could become a powerful weapon in Azkadellia's hands if she so chose, if she could look beyond the probable insult that she was incapable of walking on her own again.

Her ghostly tin man opened the door to the suite, and ushered her in quickly. Ine'che was hardly noticed by the castle staff any longer; she was not interesting for gossip and no one knew her purpose. Castle staff also no longer visited the part of the castle where Azkadellia's suite was located, so the attention to security was akin to paranoia. Still, she could appreciate the thought. The less temptation to be the fodder for gossip, the better. The castle help were wary and suspicious, not overly fond of anyone but the Queen and DG.

And if war was imminent, Ine'che was sure that even they would not be liked.

She stopped on the threshold of the sitting room in Azkadellia's suite. She was standing, the walking sticks nowhere to be seen, and she had her arms stretched out toward a creature that Ine'che was certain had not been a mobat for very long.

Even worse, she could hear them, and that was rather rude of her.

They stopped and turned toward her almost as one. Azkadellia was smiling softly, the wistful smile of remembering happy but painful things, and looked over at Ine'che with clear, friendly eyes. "Princess Ine'che," she said formally, giving her a shallow curtsy. That was excessive; they were equals, and Ine'che never needed such things. "So lovely you could visit."

"This is from the weapons room," Ine'che said, holding out the walking stick. "I thought perhaps you might have use of it."

Azkadellia strode forward easily and took the stick in her hands. She traced the glyphs with a fingertip almost reverently and looked up with a smile. "Thank you, Ine'che. It's very thoughtful. I can't be too careful around here these days."

"You appear well again," the wyvern said, looking at her with a critical eye. The two tin men had left them alone without having been asked, and Ine'che supposed it was just as well. They weren't magical beings, and she had a feeling there was going to be a Conversation.

Humans always seemed to make things more complicated.

"Ataio helped me," Azkadellia said, looking toward the mobat behind her. "We were talking about magic."

"This is something that might benefit your sister as well," Ine'che pointed out.

She flushed slightly, but shook her head. "It's a theory discussion. Deeg doesn't like that very much. She'd rather I teach her more practical applications than just theory."

"Theory is always important," Ine'che insisted. "How else is she to increase her repertoire of spell applications?"

She is impatient. I fear I have absorbed this trait by being in close proximity, Ataio said ruefully. I used to be so very patient.

Ine'che had thought that the name was familiar, but the voice definitely was. She immediately knelt and bowed her head low. All Father.

The mobat laughed in the face of Azkadellia's confusion. Child, I am no such thing. No formalities here, please. You are not one of the shadow creatures that are my dominion. Not all shifting creatures belong to me.

Ine'che rose and contemplated the mobat in front of her. "I suppose you're the reason that DG and Midnight are happily chattering away at each other now?" she asked aloud. The mobat nodded, pleased with himself. "She was talking of another court, but didn't go into detail. I thought I'd ask this evening, when she and the shadow discuss what they observed to the east."

"The Unseelie Court," Azkadellia said, bringing her hands together in front of her, the ebony staff clasped between them. "She's awakened servants of the Unseelie Court with all of her plans to invade the Mirror Zone."

Nonplused, Ine'che made a thoughtful noise. "She does seem to collect people, doesn't she?" she asked finally.

She's delightfully amusing that way, Ataio remarked, settling down on top of the emerald part of the walking stick. I very much would like to see how this all plays out.

"You could always return to the Mirror Zone. The lands keep shifting about there."

No, Ataio replied coldly. I will not see the revenant walking about. I will not observe what my grandniece has done to her.

Knowing she was missing something vitally important, Ine'che held her tongue. Her Elders had always said it was a poor choice to offend Shifters, especially those who were undefinably old and powerful. They tended to have esoteric magics that were difficult to counteract, and quite a few young wyverns had been fatally punished for brazen behavior. Ine'che didn't intend to be one of them after surviving so long.

But Azkadellia stroked Ataio's back almost lovingly and transferred his perch to her shoulder. "DG will take care of it, not to worry," she murmured gently. "You don't have to see it at all."

Ine'che had remembered DG saying that Azkadellia had mobats before. She supposed the princess had missed having them around. "I will see you both at the meeting tonight?"

"Oh, yes," Azkadellia said, smiling gratefully at Ine'che. "Thank you for the staff. It will be very useful, I'm sure."

The Shadow Brigade comes tonight. Nati will speak for them, Ataio said, leveling a gaze at Ine'che. The others won't understand the import of it, the mortals with no skills in the art. But you will, and you will help your young Princess. There is much she has to learn regarding the Unseelie Court she has awakened.

Ine'che nodded deeply out of respect to Ataio's skill. Of course. We will all assist her.

I suppose she has collected you as well, Ataio remarked with a smile.

She has quite a few with the Old Speech, Ine'che replied tartly. And you are the third Shifter in her ranks.

Ataio stilled for a moment, then smiled. I suppose I am. Odd sensation, to be part of a collection, isn't it?

Ine'che shrugged and made her way out of the suite. He spoke like the Elders had, and it had always annoyed her growing up. She had followed DG because she had been alone otherwise, and because DG had spirit enough to actually find the Dawn Sanctuary at the heart of the Mirror Zone. And perhaps, if she thought about it, on some level Ine'che felt a kinship to the girl. She was clearly out of her element but was struggling so hard to achieve her goals. Ine'che couldn't help but admire her for that.

Ine'che noticed both of the tin men lounging about playing cards near the doorway. "You'll be there at the meeting, then?" she asked for lack of anything else to say.

The dark one nodded. "More eyes and ears that way. And maybe for strategy as well."

Ine'che thought that perhaps DG was worrying too much about preparation and strategy than was strictly necessary, but kept it to herself. She nodded at the two tin men. "I will see you at tonight's meeting."

Only, that very afternoon an explosion rocked through downtown Central City, destroying quite a bit of the commercial section. The men setting the bombs were quickly gathered up by the Central City tin men, and each proudly declared their allegiance to the Viscount Siba and hailed him as the next true ruler of the OZ.

Apparently, civil war had already begun. DG was out of time to plan.
***
The little ghost fairy that DG had collected and Midnight had named Shadow returned after the afternoon explosions and before the evening meetings. Midnight had arrived first, chattering away happily now that DG could speak in the Old Speech. The ghost had been away following a hunch that she had, one that Midnight hadn't seen fit to follow along with.

Upon her return, she was pleased to note that DG was capable of fully speaking in the Old Speech. She had little enough finesse as it was trying to make herself heard by all, but could speak well enough to a Practitioner with Old Speech. Not well enough all of the time, she corrected, thinking of the Belen Tasilth that had been near the palace when she left. But well enough to speak with some kind of authority on what she had seen during her travels. She slid through the cracks in the balcony to DG's suite. It was much easier now that she was half of her former self, and she was used to her current form. It had been several months, closer to a year, since the day DG had resurrected her from her spell threads. The majority of her soul had been consumed by Queen Lurlaine, and the memories between casting the spells on Cain and being consumed were lost. The little ghost knew she hadn't lost much, at least.

my lady, she began formally, sliding up and around DG's arm before nestling into the curve of her neck. i bring much news.

Tell me, DG replied with a wan smile. Hopefully there's good news in there somewhere.

unfortunately, no. lord siba has many things he plans, though there is no coherence in what he plans. i had a theory, and let Midnight go on ahead while i looked into it.

DG slid her hand along the ghost's form, and she shivered in response to the approval in the touch. DG was a creature that thrived on touch and sights and sounds, all things that Practitioners usually did not. Practitioners usually liked theory and abstraction, dealt in magics and otherworldly things. Few Practitioners were physical in the way that DG was. The ghost was still trying to get used to it.

there are many battle plans. central city is prime among them, many plans for central city. some in Gravespire for the morale...

I can almost hear the difference in some names for you, DG interrupted with a smile. Some names are more important than others.

of course, the ghost replied. She would have rolled her eyes if she had more substance. Practitioners and the Creatures of the Zones deserve more respect. there isn't much respect for those without magic or what they build without magic.

Is that just Lurlaine's court? DG asked, sure that it had to be just the court. She had met plenty of people along the way that seemed to respect her, and she hadn't truly been a Practitioner then.

all over. but perhaps because of Queen Lurlaine's influence, perhaps, the ghost acknowledged. whatever she wishes to exist will do so.

Siba started moving against Central City, DG said, almost abruptly. She pulled her hands away from the ghost and leaned against the table in her sitting room. She looked over the map of the Mirror Zone and the map of the OZ that Cain had brought her. Here she was, about to wage war over two different Zones, and she wasn't even a military tactician. She had Advisors for that, but her decision was the final one. I don't want to do this, she admitted to the ghost, her fear evident in her voice.

then they all win, the ghost replied, sliding from DG's shoulder. darkness always wins if the light just stands aside. it always seeks to fill the empty spaces that the light leaves behind.

DG looked up with hollow eyes. "Everyone talks about death so casually," DG whispered, her voice breaking. "I don't think I can do it."

there are worse things than death, dear Princess. ask any of the shadows.

DG stared after the ghost as she slid past the doorway and into the hall. When back in the palace, her duties were to follow the Queen and to be sure that she was safe. It hadn't changed after the Breakers ceased to exist, and now it was no doubt doubly important. The ghost fairy hadn't listed all of Siba's targets, but it was hardly necessary at this point.

Another explosion rocked Central City's business district.
***
"Tell me the bad news," the Queen murmured in her council session. It had superseded DG's planned meeting for that night, and all of her friends gathered in the Queen's council room. Even Azkadellia was there, though she carried the ebony staff and was dressed in a black hooded cloak that covered her face in shadows. Everyone knew Callan and Della was protecting Azkadellia's comatose body, so they attended the meeting in glamours as the cloaked figure's honor guard. Though the Queen was visibly disconcerted by their appearance in her council session, DG had blithely introduced her as Lady Delia of the Silver Enclave. While DG had just made it up on the fly, it carried a ring of recognition somewhere in her childhood memories. She had heard that name before, something about magic and the Ancients. The Queen's council members kept their eyes averted from Azkadellia and her two honor guards at all times. The old superstitions about ancient magic persisted, and they feared their souls would be sucked out through their eyes if they stared too long at the cloaked figure.

The Head Chamberlain stood at attention. "There have been two sets of explosions within Central City and three riots following the announcement of the Crown Princess Dorothy Gale's betrothal," he began in an apologetic voice. "However, there are widespread uprisings all over the OZ. The majority of them lie close to Green Harbor, where Lord Siba and known associates live. It's possibly safe to say that the entire western part of the OZ is likely partial to Lord Siba, especially after the Sorceress' focused attacks on the Northern Guilds in that region. They haven't yet started to riot, but most of the larger cities in the different counties have started to choose sides and make alliances."

"It's worse than I feared," the Queen murmured, looking up from the map of the OZ in dismay.

"The majority of the riots are in Green Harbor, Ruby Gulch, Caronet, Hilly Valley and Juniper Lake," DG said, standing up and cutting off one of the Queen's Advisors. She pointed at each county on the map. Green Harbor was the westernmost ones, with Ruby Gulch and Caronet as the next two counties between Green Harbor and Central City. She vaguely remembered that they had once been a desert, but magic had restored the areas enough so that people could live there without being turned to dust. Next were the lands of the Northern Guild and the robots of Milltown, as well as the Fields of the Papay. No one in Siba's group wanted those lands, so they hadn't bothered to recruit allies. "This means we have to cut off their route to Central City. We have to make the stand as far away from the city as possible."

"Princess, with all due respect, those lands will not be hospitable for our troops," one of the Queen's Advisors said, giving her a wan smile. "Perhaps you are not familiar..."

"I was a prisoner of the Northern Guild when I first arrived here," DG responded tightly. "I traveled to Milltown and through the Fields of the Papay. I'm probably more aware of what they're like than you are," she said, staring down the Advisor.

"Deeg," Cain murmured, hand on her elbow.

She nodded at him and turned back to the map. Hilly Valley and Juniper Lake were to the southwest of Central City, south of the Fields of the Papay. There were a lot of Viewers in the area, especially in Juniper Lake. The majority of the populace had been devastated during the Sorceress' reign, and had no interest in assisting a Queen that wanted to keep Azkadellia alive, even if she was no longer the Sorceress. "We're not going to win the south. Viewers would be our allies, but there aren't enough of them left there to make a difference in turning the opinion of the barons in those counties."

"Most of the leadership in those counties were executed," an Advisor said. "There are no tin men there, no armies in the south. They would be easy wins."

"We would never be able to keep those counties," DG replied, frowning.

"We can't rely on tin men from Central City to keep peace outside the city. It's hard enough when riots are starting to break out here. The ranks are thin enough as they are, and will have even more trouble keeping the city safe," Cain told the council. They knew he spoke from experience; just months before he was working in Central City among the rank and file. Because of his current status, he couldn't rejoin the efforts.

"We haven't an army large enough," an Advisor said, and the Queen covered her face in her hands. "My Queen, Princess, I don't believe we can cover the entire south and western regions of the OZ if they decide to attack."

DG turned to the Queen. "Mother, I have resources you don't," she said flatly. "I hadn't gotten around to discussing it with you because we didn't exactly finish our defensive plans yet. But we don't exactly have time to do that now."

Ine'che wanted to applaud. This was how it should have been done three days ago.

The Queen looked at her daughter, startled and frightened at once. "What are you talking about?"

"You've heard of the Unseelie Court?" DG asked instead.

All of the Advisors took in the hooded figure in the room and visibly shuddered.

"Not her," DG snapped. "She's my friend and you will show respect." She looked up and around the room, and the shadows seemed to shiver. "Most of the Advisors in this room weren't exactly aware of the circumstances the OZ was in several months ago, soon after the coronation ball. We were in danger of having this entire Zone destroyed by the Breakers. They were servants of the Ice Witch, who had been imprisoned in the Northern Ice Floe. That's where Azkadellia gave her life to protect me and save the OZ."

"Is she dead, then?" one of the Advisors asked, stunned.

DG pressed her lips flat together in an unhappy expression. "She's the same as when I saw her last," she replied, aware she was being evasive. "You all just give her shit for what happened, but it wasn't her fault. It was mine. And I've tried to fix that mistake. The Sorceress was the Water Witch, and she was destroyed on the night of the eclipse. Azkadellia destroyed the Ice Witch in the Northern Ice Floe."

"I don't understand what this has to do with the Unseelie Court," an Advisor ventured when DG fell silent. Another tried to shush him, but he kept his gaze on DG.

She couldn't remember his name. Most of their names she couldn't remember. They weren't her Advisors, weren't part of her group. "Those witches were actually imprisoned here by Queen Lurlaine of the Dawn Sanctuary in the Mirror Zone," DG said after a moment. She knew there was no use in telling anyone she had tried to run away from her responsibilities for a bit. It would only undermine her position with them. "I've traveled there, and Queen Lurlaine does exist. She is to the Mirror Zone what the Sorceress was to us. She keeps the Sanctuary to do what she wants, no matter who she hurts, who she kills." DG looked at each stunned Advisor in turn, her hands clenched into fists at her sides. "Ozma, the one that gifted the original Dorothy Gale with her magic, is still there and still being abused by Lurlaine. The ones that tried to save her, to oppose Lurlaine, formed the Unseelie Court. They lost. They were imprisoned here, the Water Witch and the Ice Witch, because Lurlaine could do whatever the hell she wanted to do and there was no one here to stop her. They might be gone now, but Lurlaine still needs to be stopped. I promised I would, so that means the Unseelie Court is reborn."

The Advisors all turned to the Queen and began asking questions, their voices rising in a cacophony of sound. DG turned to her mother with an apologetic face. I'm sorry, she wanted to say. I'm sorry I had to say this much, I'm sorry you had to find out this way, I'm sorry all this is my fault. But I'll fix it somehow. I promise you.

Whether the Queen understood her intentions or not, she raised her hands and the Advisors all fell silent. "DG has seen these places, and she knows what she's talking about." The Queen turned her lavender eyes to DG, a serene expression on her face. "I trust her judgment in this implicitly, as well as in quelling the uprising here in the OZ."

Ine'che wanted to cover her face in her hands. Or leave the room. Or both. The stunned silence was almost too much to bear, and the Queen's petty Advisors were surely about to curry favor with DG. The Queen had all but abdicated the throne in that statement.

Glitch smiled at the Queen and then DG. "Well, then. We have both wars to plan for. I for one want to hear what the Unseelie Court generals have to say."

Ine'che reached out and touched Glitch's hand in approval. That was a neat way to sidestep the feeling of impending doom that had come over most of the other humans. He nodded at her, an absent smile on his face, and looked over at DG expectantly.

One of the shadows in the room shifted and seemed almost vaguely human in shape. He bowed deeply before the assemblage and attempted to clear his throat. It sounded like the rustling of dry leaves, and the room fell silent to listen.

"I am Nati of the Shadow Brigade. We pledged our allegiance to the Unseelie Court, to the overthrow of Queen Lurlaine of the Dawn Sanctuary. When the sisters were taken and the Court dissolved, we fled to the Shadowlands between Zones or to the shadows in this Zone. We waited for a new leader to rise, for another attempt to dislodge Lurlaine from that place. Dorothy Gale, you have pledged yourself to the overthrow of Queen Lurlaine."

This last seemed like a question, and DG nodded solemnly. "I have."

"You are recognized by the Shadow Brigade as Queen of the Unseelie Court. Our forces are at your disposal to use as you require."

The voice, a quiet whisper of wind, was still inherently powerful. The entire room was silent, waiting for DG's response.

"I acknowledge the Shadow Brigade as defenders of the court," DG replied, voice sure even as she was making up the words. Azkadellia had assured her earlier that it wasn't the words so much as the intent that mattered in the Unseelie Court. The Seelie Court had been concerned with the words and ritual, not the theory or intent behind the magic. They were hoping it would be their downfall.

DG remembered that Aliana and Cliara had been kept in prisons designed of their elements for thousands of annuals, driven insane and unable to contemplate anything but magic for their escape into the Outer Zone.

She wasn't about to make the same mistake.

DG looked to Cain, who handed her a roll of parchment. She unfurled a map of the Mirror Zone and placed it next to the map of the Outer Zone. The Mirror Zone had some areas that were similar to the lands her ancestor had traveled through during her time in Oz, but too much had happened since then. Nothing was exactly the same, though some things never changed. She looked up at Nati. "How many do you have to devote to this war?"

"We number in the thousands, if you but call us."

"I'm calling you," DG replied, ignoring the strangled gasps of the Advisors and the shock of the Queen. This wasn't their war anymore, it was hers. If they were going to sit around and yammer on about nonsense, the OZ was definitely going to fall.

The shadows seemed to grow thicker around the room, and DG allowed herself a smile. "You don't waste any time, do you?"

Nati seemed to answer her smile. "We have waited for untold annuals for this moment, my Queen. We await your orders."

"I need a force patrolling Central City at all times," DG said, pointing to the city on the OZ map. "We have tin men and a handful of palace guards, but it's not enough to keep the city safe. This is one major priority. I don't want any of the opposition to murder my people in the city."

Nati gestured to his right and a shadow coalesced into a winged shape. "Tasi will handle this, and her battalion shall speak with your city's protectors."

"Maybe they can use Baron Cain as a go-between for now," DG said, shooting Cain a wry look. He glared at her and crossed his arms over his chest, but didn't say anything to contradict her in front of everyone else. "General Cain?" she asked, eyebrow raised.

"Ostentatious, but it'll do," Cain replied, giving her a slight smile. He didn't like her surprises; whenever she improvised, something invariably went wrong.

The Advisors were shocked or sputtering, but the Queen silenced them and DG simply ignored them. "The other major area of attack is going to be the west and southwest," she went on. Nati looked at the map, browlike features on his face furrowing in concentration. "We're going to have to lay siege to Green Harbor."

The Queen visibly blew out a breath in surprise. "DG..."

"This can't go unpunished." She looked up, knowing that Azkadellia was staring at her back and giving whatever support she could while keeping silent. "Lord Siba will be caught, and he will stand trial for treason against the House of Gale. His titles and lands will be stripped from him and his family." She had the table's edge in a white knuckled grip, not wanting to state what the obvious punishment for treason was in the OZ. "The same goes for the barons helping him. We cannot let any of them or their supporters believe they can undermine the House of Gale and get away with it."

The Queen was pale and couldn't meet her daughter's eyes. The Advisors were all shocked by the quiet statements, but couldn't find fault with the logic.

Nati merely nodded, not surprised at all. "The slave shadow you had employed to spy on those lands met with us after speaking with you."

Slave shadow? DG hadn't thought of her little ghost fairy as a slave, especially as Ine'che had implied that Lurlaine's staff were called servants. None of the Gale palace servants were slaves, and it hadn't occurred to her that Lurlaine's would be any different.

"Your thoughts?" DG asked once she found her voice.

"This Lord Siba spreads his thoughts like poison among your people. Those lands you discussed are merely the ones that have begun to be vocal, the ones that have started to display the unrest this Lord Siba has caused. Your southern lands, especially those that produce the most foodstuffs for your people, are at risk of falling prey to his poisonous words next. The northern lands are too cold and insignificant to his liking, but are where many of us had hidden. The northern lands are safe and full of allies."

DG nodded, taking it all in. "We'll need to discuss the specifics of how to isolate Siba and his cronies and keep the south safe." She turned around and looked at Azkadellia with a pleading expression on her face. "I didn't ask earlier, but I'm asking now. Could you cross over to the Mirror Zone and direct things there for me? I can't leave the OZ now."

Azkadellia looked at her sister, her throat closed tight. Her thumb traced a protective rune on the ebony staff as she nodded. I'll do anything you ask, you know that, she said in the Old Speech. I'll help you however I can.

"Then it's settled," DG announced as she turned back to the group at the table. "I'm going to attack both Zones at once. They won't know what hit them."
***
***