Donna - Barenaked Juliet
byViredae©

Donna always dreamed of being Juliet, and this was her chance to finally act the part, the school was having a play, and as far as she knew, the majority of students had no interest in their production.

Her friend, Tiffany, was the drama club's president and the girl in charge of directorial matters for Romeo & Juliet, she was also known for being rather avant garde in her interpretations of classical theater, her rendition of Hamlet took place in Vegas where John "The King" Hamlet was a casino mogul, his son Hamlet Junior with his love interest Philly try to exact revenge and take back the gambling empire from his uncle Claude, who placed a hit on The King.

The play before that was a take on Macbeth, took place in outer space, with the titular Macbeth ousting the rule of a space pirate gang and plunging it into strife and darkness.

By the time the new play auditions posters were posted on the community boards, everybody had soured to the idea of auditioning for her plays, except for Donna that is, nothing would stop her from getting the part.

Stepping up onto the empty stage, Donna turned to face the seats where her friend Tiffany sat, script in hand and a bounce in her step:

"Hi! I'd like to audi-" Donna began to introduce herself and her wanted role, but Tiffany didn't even let her finish her sentence before throwing a hand in the air.

"You're in, whatever it is," Tiffany dismissed the introduction with a mixture of boredom and annoyance "We don't have enough actors without you, and today's the last day of auditioning, so you get the part, what did you want to play again?"

"Um... Juliet..." Donna answered, taken aback by the sudden and easy acceptance.

"Great! Head to the back so Buffy can take your measurements for the outfit." Tiffany pointed Donna to a door that was just visible from the backstage, the latter nodding and heading back to the dressing room.

"Hey Donna! You get a part?" Buffy (short for Elizabeth) was, much like her namesake from a popular TV show, a peppy cheerleader with blonde hair tied in a ponytail, she held some scissors in her hand as Donna stepped into a room full of costumes, mirrors and makeup.

"Yup! I'm playing Juliet." Donna, finally reflecting the happiness from realizing one of her dreams, replied cheerfully.

"Oh Great! Congratulations!" Buffy's sweet commendations were quickly replaced by a commanding sharp tone "Now take your clothes off!"

"What!?" Donna took a second to register what Buffy said, and by the time the meaning of the words sank in, causing her heart to skip a beat, Buffy was already on explaining the reason why.

"So I can measure you up for your wardrobe, silly!" Buffy giggled, she was one of Donna's friends, so naturally she knew of her habit, and unlike her namesake, she was a mischievous prankster who was the chief cause of nudity among Donna's friends.

"Oh, ok..." Donna, without missing a beat, undid the straps on her summer dress, and letting it fall to the ground, stood there in blue polka-dot bra and panties.

"Sorry Donna, but you need to take those off too," Buffy shook her head, and with a gulp, Donna began unfastening her bra.

Once unlatched, the bra bounced freely off of Donna's perfectly round C-cup breasts, setting it aside, Donna hooked her thumbs into the elastic band of the panties, slipping them off of her feet, standing there in the nude, Donna wanted to cover herself up, her throat drying up from the sudden excitement she was feeling, the familiar tingling in her crotch did not bode well either.

Suddenly, Donna felt a sharp sting on each of her nipples, Buffy's hands had extended in the blink of an eye and provided one good tweak of the already hardening nipples with an impish grin on her face, causing Donna to release a sharp yelp.

"Well I lied, you could have kept your underwear on," Buffy laughed as Donna blushed furiously at her friend, exploiting her habit for her own amusement "But you didn't miss a beat when I asked, so I guess you didn't mind that much."

Donna couldn't deny that last fact, but she simply felt a bit used whenever Buffy tricked her like that as Buffy began taking measures for the outfit.

It didn't take a while for Buffy to adjust the outfit and hand it over to Donna, who stood there naked and slowly getting hornier by the second, the outfit was essentially a leopard print bikini top and a short loincloth that barely covered her round and bubbly butt held up by a drawstring, as well as a pair of matching panties.

As Donna slipped her bra and the rest of the outfit on, Donna could immediately notice the many "flaws" the costume had; barely any detail of Donna's body was left to the imagination, she even saw that she had a camel toe (something she immediately tried to remedy, getting her to touch herself even further) underneath her very revealing loincloth, which threatened to expose her crotch at any given moment, and her erect nipples were clear as day through the taut fabric of the top.

"Excellent, this will do for now, I'll fix it up later," Buffy seemed quite proud of her handiwork, as she gave Donna a slap on the butt "Now out you go, time for rehearsal."

As Donna exited back onto the stage, She felt slightly self-conscious by the fact that she was the only actor in such a revealing outfit; everyone else, both male and female, were wearing toga like apparel, Donna was the only person on stage who wore a slightly more revealing two-piece costume.

Donna especially noticed Tiffany's glare, though she wasn't sure why the director was suddenly upset with her, did Buffy make a mistake with the costume?

Despite the apparent displeasure of the director, whatever faux pas was committed was ignored and Donna began acting away with everyone else in rehearsal to the show.

By the end of the day, Donna had only gotten a few lingering looks from some of the students, it wasn't by any means malicious, but it still made her tingle inside thinking about being more exposed than everyone else.

When Donna went back to the dressing room where she left her clothes with Buffy, she was surprised to see that Buffy had locked her clothes away.

"I figured I'd do you a favor," Buffy explained a bit smugly, she knew how obvious it was that this favor wasn't for Donna, but for herself "you probably enjoyed yourself a bit too much out there, being even a little less dressed than everyone, so here's what's gonna happen.

"You're going to do whatever I say and go wherever I say you go." Buffy explained, she was essentially going to use Donna as her plaything for the time being, and if she thinks Donna did well enough, she'd get her clothes back.

This wasn't anything new, it was a common occurrence for Donna to get talked out of her clothes by her friends using some silly excuse, and it was just as common for them to "blackmail" her into further and further acts of debauchery.

"So what now?" Donna asked the power drunk Buffy, who simply stood at the door and motioned Donna out, Donna, having no choice (she told herself constantly), obeyed wordlessly.

Donna was lead right back to the stage she just came from, with the major exception of it being quite empty now, none save a couple of now fully dressed girls who seemed intrigued at the still half-naked Donna, and knowing Donna's reputation for exhibitionist hijinks, they probably had a good guess at what was about to happen.

"Hey Donna..." One of the two girls asked, their eyes were studying Donna's barely concealed form quite thoroughly, making her quite a bit tingly "Why aren't you dressed yet?"

"Because I have her clothes," Buffy interjected pompously, giving Donna a soft pat on the behind "And if she wants them back, she'll have to put on a fun show."

And so the three girls sat in the front row seats as Donna stood on top of the stage, one of the girls lent her phone to be used to play music as Buffy ordered Donna to put on a strip tease for them.

Donna, now completely carried away by the situation, began to sway with the music, and slowly began removing her already skimpy outfit for her audience, she could feel her pussy moisten as she took her top off and revealed her bra on stage. Her nipples were already pressing hard against the fabric of her bra.

Donna turned around and displayed her shapely ass to the watchers, undoing the drawstrings on her skirt and sliding them off, leaving her in only her underwear.

She heard the cheers from the girls and heard one of them demanding she spank her ass, Donna bit her lower lip and gave one of her cheeks a smack, the mostly empty auditorium resounded with the sharp sound that emanated.

Giving her slightly stinging cheek a rub, Donna held her breath as she reached back and unsnapped her bra, releasing her breasts loose and letting them bounce freely, she was still giving her back to the girls, she covered her breasts and turned around before revealing them, she was loving the attention.

Finally, hooked her thumbs into her panties and pulled them down her legs as she continued swaying along to the music, she was now completely naked in front of these girls.

She was aware that the eyes that watched her were probably able to see her now bare pussy quite clearly, as the panties were now around her luscious thighs, she let them fall to the ground as her free hands took the opportunity to pinch her aching nipples, Donna was enjoying this "blackmail" far too much, in fact, she might be the one enjoying it the most.

Turning back around, Donna expected the Buffy to stop her now that she was naked, but Buffy only gestured her to keep dancing, Donna felt the butterflies in her stomach flutter as she kept moving her body, now that she could actually see the three watching her, she felt her skin getting hotter as she watched everyone devour her with their eyes.

Donna remembered her panties still lying crumpled near her feet, she looked down at it and kicked it with one of her feet towards the two girls watching alongside Buffy, who caught it in midair, they let out a few more cheers and howls at Donna's now brazen behavior.

"Hey Donna, these panties are soaking wet!" One of them shouted back at Donna, who felt her heart skip a beat at the observation; they knew she was turned on, and extremely so.

She couldn't take it anymore, she gave her breasts one last squeeze and her nipples one last pinch before her hands, almost of their own will, crawled down to her crotch, the very first touch to her clit was electrifying, Donna's legs buckled and she found herself on her knees, nevertheless, her fingers didn't stop, Donna found herself continuing to play with her pussy.

Donna closed her eyes, she was too far gone now, if her friends wanted her to stop and go back to dancing, they'd have to get on stage and pry her hands away from her soaking wet pussy, she was now on her back, her butt right at the edge of the stage, her pussy on full display while being fingered frantically, currently Donna had two fingers disappearing inside her sopping wet hole.

Thankfully, Donna's audience didn't deem it necessary to stop her, and so she found herself reaching her climax and releasing powerful streams of cum all over the auditorium's floor as she loudly moaned in pleasure from one of the most powerful orgasms she'd ever experienced.

Donna could barely catch her breath afterwards, but she could hear the girls clapping enthusiastically, when she finally caught her breath, Donna sat up to see the girls happy to see the show.

Soon after, Buffy gathered up the clothes and ushered Donna back into the dressing room, bidding the two girls farewell, it occurred to her later that she didn't confide them to secrecy, but Donna's habits were probably a badly kept secret anyways.

Back in the dressing room, Buffy still refused to give Donna her clothes back.

"I'll only give them back if you answer me honestly, are you still horny?" Buffy asked, and Donna, despite having just had an exquisite orgasm that left her quite flushed, still found room to turn a darker shade of red, she just nodded "Then I'll give you your clothes back if you show me another orgasm.

finally relinquished Donna's clothes and left her to go on her way, and as Buffy began gathering her own tools to head home, she considered the how she might take advantage of this stage play even more.

The next day, Donna once again went to the dressing room to have her costume fitted again, as she walked in, she was greeted by a bright Buffy, instantly forcing Donna to recall her performance on the stage the day before.

"Donna! Welcome back, let's get you fitted." Buffy gave Donna a hug before walking her in, once again, she told Donna to strip, the recollection of the previous day's events only came back stronger then.

Once Donna was naked again, she was handed her costume once again, however, there was a significant difference this time around:

"Uh, Buffy, I think I'm missing a piece..." As Donna re-examined the outfit Buffy gave her again, she made sure to note; there were no panties.

"Hm?" As far as Donna could tell, Buffy seemed genuinely surprised, she went through the room as best as she could, but could not produce the panties "Well, I'm sure it'll be okay, it's just a rehearsal."

With that simple dismissal, Donna stepped out once again onto the stage, this time around, her pussy was probably quite visible from where Tiffany sat, she hoped that she wouldn't mind this little mishap, as she still was very keen on playing Juliet.

Throughout the course of the day, Tiffany did seem to notice Donna's lack of panties, but didn't seem all that bothered by it.

Donna herself, however, found herself enjoying the extra exposure, she was certain her playmates saw her pussy a few times throughout the day, and noticed her nipples were harder and her pussy was far moister than the last rehearsal, so much so, she did not question Buffy when she "blackmailed" her again after they were done.

This time around, it wasn't just Buffy and the two girls from before, there were half a dozen more people as well, including Robert, the "Romeo" she was meant to play across from on the day of the play, and here he was ready to watch her do a strip dance and whatever else Buffy and everyone else decided she had to do.

This time around, Donna was naked before she could even get her head out of the clouds, she found herself undulating in front of everyone even before half the song was over, so Buffy decided she needed extra material for today's show:

"Do you know that Romeo and Juliet are implied to have had sex in the play?" Buffy asked a now nervous and blushing Donna, who started feeling a bit self conscious with the music on pause.

"Yes... I do." Donna pinched her nipples reflexively, she had a sense of where this was going.

"We're going to have a preview of that," Buffy gave a side glance to Robert "I think Romeo here got a bit excited watching you strip naked, so let's see what you do for him."

Robert wasted no time getting on the stage and unzipping his pants amongst the cheers of the girls, Donna knelt down in anticipation, and soon her Romeo's hard, massive cock was standing proudly in front of her face, 10 inches of glorious meat, and she had to do it in front of her playmates.

Juliet closed her eyes and opened her mouth, taking the impressive shaft into her mouth and wrapping her tongue around it, just licking it was getting her wet, but she was focused on the cock in her mouth more, she went across the entire length with her tongue, traveling down to the balls and engulfing them within her lips as she stroked the length of the rod, before switching around and taking the balls in hand and shaft in mouth.

She continued pleasuring Romeo's manhood until he was grunting in preparation to explode, and with that, Juliet's head was pushed back and she felt the streams of hot cum landing on her face, she was so close to orgasm herself as she cleaned his cock from the cum.

But then she wasn't Juliet anymore, she was Donna again, and she had just gave Robert a blowjob in front of half a dozen people, her hands left Robert's slowly deflating cock and dropped down to her lap, one hand accidentally fell to her pussy, brushing against her clit and sending her over the edge, she was cumming.

Donna was in complete disbelief, but she was loving the humiliation, she continued toying with her clit and reached further orgasms as Robert left the stage with a sheepish grin on his face.

Donna was then led backstage and given a towel to clean up, her clothes were returned, but not her underwear, Buffy said that she didn't need those, after getting dressed, Donna could feel herself getting wet again as she went home.

The next day, Donna looked at her costume, Buffy had modified it again, this time it was just a pair of pasties and a small strip for a skirt, she would be practically naked out there, and that only made her more excited, however, she was wondering about something:

"Is Tiffany okay with this?" Donna was sure the director wouldn't acquiesce to this change, she seemed pretty upset with just yesterday's change.

"Oh don't worry, she really loved yesterday's changes, and she wanted you to go even further." Buffy comforted her worried friend as she slinked behind her, "But there's one little detail you're missing." 

As Buffy said that she reached up and undid Donna's bra, letting it slip from her chest and down to her elbows, she continued to whisper in Donna's ear: "You can't wear any underwear this time around, it'd ruin the look of the costume."

Donna felt her pussy tingle as she dropped her arms and let Buffy take her bra away, she then put her costume on and headed out.

Once out there, she locked eyes with Tiffany, who looked shocked when she laid eyes on Donna, she definitely didn't look like she approved this change.

Donna herself felt nervous, this wasn't just a short skirt with no panties, everyone could clearly see nearly every part of her breasts, and Donna was on edge the entire day, if Tiffany was okay with this change at the start of the day, she certainly wasn't by the end of, an hour before the end of the day, the director got and began heading backstage as she told the actors to keep going.

Nobody was sure, but some could've sworn they heard someone arguing several times before the rehearsal finished up, after which, most of the cast were still around, usually,everyone would be going home by now, but it seemed that today, everyone was waiting for something.

Suddenly, Buffy emerged from backstage and took a sat down in one of the seats in the front of the stage, she was grinning widely, and just as then Donna realized why nobody went home as everyone else joined Buffy in the audience section, the only one left were Donna and Robert.

Before she could even react, Robert removed the pasties from Donna's breasts, kissing her and slowly and traveling down to her nipples, he gave one a bite as he dragged her skirt down, leaving her naked and moaning.

Kissing and biting her nipples a few more times, Robert moved down again, arriving at Donna's already moist lips, he took his time at first, giving her inner thighs some attention, however, Donna already felt weak at the knees, she would have fallen down if Robert hadn't eased her down onto her back and began using his tongue, she let out an audible moan at first contact, he continued her efforts, but stopped just short of giving her an orgasm.

Donna was confused, but not for long as she spotted Robert's hard manhood barely restrained by a pair of speedos and his loincloth, the latter of which was soon crumpled on the ground. She slowly pulled the speedos off, releasing the massive cock as she once again took it lovingly into her mouth.

Soon enough, he was ready, and so he lay down on his back and let her ride him, she was facing the audience, everyone in the play was watching her as she slowly impaled herself on Robert's massive shaft, she screamed in pleasure as she orgasmed on the spot when it slid inside her and she was bouncing on the length of his cock before long, staring her audience in the eyes and spotted several phones recording her sex scene, she completely forgot about this yesterday, but now there was no avoiding it as they saw her O face yet again.


Her breasts bounced wildly as she rode Robert for what felt like an eternity of bliss, the only thing that existed was her, Robert, and the eyes on them that made this experience so much better.

Eventually, Robert switched positions with Donna, one of the actors got them a prop, it was the balcony from Juliet's room, made with bound wood for the sake of this version, Donna did find that it was still sturdy when leaning over it, she was no longer facing the audience, instead, they were treated to a nice side view of the two as Robert stabbed deep inside her.

Donna wasn't sure how long he'd been fucking her, but eventually, Robert was nearing his own orgasm, and Donna had lost count which orgasm this was as he finally shot his load inside her pussy, which squeezed him dry.

Backing away, Robert left Donna exhausted, her knees buckled as one of her hands reached down to finger fuck herself even more; she still felt ready to orgasm, her fingers could feel the thick globs of semen inside her pussy, and the thought of having been creampied in front of nearly two dozen of her classmates brought her over the edge yet again.

Donna was still fingering herself when Buffy got on stage, she helped her friend up to her feet and took her backstage.

Even after Donna was cleaned up she had continued to play with herself, she was downright insatiable this time, this amount of public exposure really had her going, it took another half hour before Donna felt sore enough to stop, she was told that she'd be going home naked today, but thankfully Buffy offered to give her a ride. 

The next day, Donna was a bit nervous; when she went to the dressing room, Buffy had her undress first, when Donna was once again naked, she stood there waiting for the costume she was to receive, however, Buffy simply smiled:

"Is There something else, Donna?" Buffy asked, not at all sincerely.

"Where's my costume?" Donna asked nervously, she was already seeing where this conversation was headed.

"Why, you're already wearing it, so go on out there." Buffy chuckled, but when Donna failed to move, she gave her friend one final nudge "If you don't want everyone in school to see their Juliet stripping, masturbating and fucking on stage, you'll go out right now."

Donna was certainly already seen doing most of those things by the student body, and many have experienced it firsthand, so this was far from effective blackmail, however, it certainly got Donna excited and worked up, she slowly walked out of the room and onto the stage, naked as the day she was born, only to find the place packed with students, there must have been about a hundred of them.

When everyone saw Donna, they certainly weren't stunned, in fact, most of the students wore knowing grins, as if they expected her to barge in naked today, and they treated it almost as if it was business as usual.

One other thing that Donna noticed was the absence of Tiffany, for a while, she wondered where she was, and was surprised to see Buffy walk up to where Tiffany usually sits and announce:

"So Tiffany's a bit busy right now working some extra things out with the script and set direction and whatnot, meaning she won't be coming in today." Buffy explained the absence of the director, following it up with today's schedule "Now, she left me in charge, so I'll be directing the rehearsal for today.

"We're going to do some improv with our main characters, mostly the actors playing Romeo, Juliet and Mercutio, everyone else can come down here." And with that, most of the actors came down and joined their fellow students as part of the audience.

"Now, first in this scene, Juliet is sitting in her boudoir, anticipating the arrival of her beloved Romeo, unbeknownst to her that he is bringing a surprise guest." Buffy explained, and if Donna understood it correctly, this scene would have quite a mature content "As she awaits, she grows impatient, and decides to take matters into her own hands."

And with that, Buffy gave a go, there was a chair in the middle of the stage, Donna sat in it and decided to follow the directions, she let her hands wander over to her breasts as she spotted a high definition camera set up in the alley between the seats, squeezing and massaging her breasts before taking the nipples and pinching them slightly, the other hand crept down to her joy button, and she felt a faint electric surge run through her at first touch, she gasped in excitement; she was completely naked and openly playing with herself in front of nearly a hundred other student, the chair was flooded with her juices.

Soon her fingers slipped inside of her folds, releasing an audible squelch from the slick juices gushing out, a moan escaped her lip, she convulsed slightly as her fingers sped up, pumping away inside her pussy, Donna was finger fucking herself in public. 

Donna felt her climax approaching, she announced that fact to the audience as she finally went over the edge, releasing a powerful stream of juices onto the stage floor, her legs lifted up and her toes curled up as she experienced the highest levels of ecstasy she could imagine.

The crowd cheered and clapped, but this was only the first part of the scene, next came Robert and his friend Michael, who was played Mercutio:

"Romeo, is this the girl you wish to marry?" Mercutio asked Romeo, who nodded "What a coincidence, I've been told her father wishes to marry her to me."

"This is quite a conundrum, what should we do?" Romeo asked his friend as they both devoured the beauty, still reeling from her magnificent orgasm, with their eyes.

"Well, she is quite well endowed, so I would hate to simply give her up uncontested." Mercutio mused as he took one of Juliet's large breasts in hand, kneading them softly "I propose a match, we make love to the lady, and the better lover keeps the spoils."

"As always, you have the best ideas." Romeo nodded, and tool the other breast in his hand, Juliet looking back and forth between them with lust and amusement in her eyes "what say ye, fair lady?"

"I-I agree!" Juliet was taken aback, but she agreed to the terms, and so she was presented with both cocks to compare, Mercutio's was shorter, but it had more girth to it, she took it in her mouth, and she could barely wrap her hungry lips around it, she took Romeo's cock in her hand and began stroking it as she dutifully went down on the one in her mouth, all until they were both quite rigid.

The two ushered Juliet onto her hands and knees, and took position in front and behind the expecting girl, she felt the large, long cock penetrate her eager pussy, causing her to gasp, the second cock took advantage and slipped into her mouth, muffling her moans quite easily.

For a second, Donna remembered she was in front of a large audience of students, who were now witnessing her get spit-roasted on stage, recording her depraved performance from a multitude of angles, she could feel another orgasm approaching from the mere thought of this abject humiliation.

After stuffing her pussy and mouth, the two decided to switch positions, this time, Mercutio thrust his thick meat deep into Juliet's pussy, pounding her quite powerfully, while Romeo's juices covered cock found a warm home in Juliet's mouth, which was now constantly releasing loud and honeyed moans.

It didn't take long before Mercutio announced his intention to cum, deep inside Juliet's pussy, and surely enough, the hot seed of the nobleman flooded the lady's love cave, sending her into the throes of yet another orgasm, not far behind, Romeo took his cock out of Juliet's hungry mouth and released his thick spunk over her wanting face.

Juliet, now filled with cum, was asked to judge who the better lover was, however, she sadly declared her hesitance:

"I'm not sure, I believe we need another round." Juliet decided, and the two gentlemen accepted, as soon as they recovered their vigor, the two were back to stuffing Juliet's holes for another hour.

By the time the men declared their inability to continue, Juliet was reduced to an exhausted mass of cum covered flesh collapsed on the stage, unlike last night, she was thoroughly satisfied.

The crowd cheered the amazing performance, and allowed the three actors to take their leave, Donna was finally allowed to head backstage and get hosed down by the substitute director, and once all the cum was cleaned off, she asked what was in store for tomorrow.

"Not much, Tiffany quit yesterday and the play's been canceled, so I just figured I'd give everyone a show." Buffy explained, she had a slightly guilty expression on her face "Sorry that I didn't tell you, I know you really wanted to play Juliet."

"Oh, it's fine." Donna was not the least bit upset, after all, she's certainly gotten quite a rewarding experience with just the rehearsals "So can I have my clothes back."

"Sorry, no." Buffy's guilty expression morphed into a wicked one "And I'm also not gonna be able to give you a ride home, afterparty."

"Oh, maybe I should come with?" Donna felt her nipples harden a bit.

"Without any clothes? Are you sure?" Buffy didn't seem concerned, in fact, she stepped forward and give Donna's nipples a pinch and a slight twist.

"I think I can stomach a bit more fun." Donna answered, her hands landing on top of her crotch, one finger crept onto her swollen clit, ready to be toyed with again.

