Ch. 5

After that day, confinement play became one of the favorites of
Amir. He knew that Fida was absolutely terrified of it (after
getting buried alive), and he relished each ounce of fear on her
pretty white face. Besides which, being so terrified also kept
Fida in a continuous, super horny state.
For "storing" her, he used a custom built full metal case, 4*4*4
foot in dimensions. It was designed in a way that Fida would have
to be bent and cramped into it after the life support systems had
been attached. The life support system was designed to be
automated with its own power backup lasting it for about 4 days.
As such it was a collection of electrical pumps with tubes
running out of them and into Fida. Fida who had been an engineer
before she left her job to concentrate on raising Amir, designed
the device herself, after Amir told her what he wanted to do.
There were 3 tubes for fluid exchanges and 1 tube with a mask for
a steady supply of fresh air. Out of the 3 tubes one went in
through her nostril, into her stomach directly, feeding her with
whatever was put in the container attached outside. At regular
intervals the pump would activate filling her stomach with the
liquefied sludge. Similarly two other tubes went into her urethra
and her anus which, at regular intervals emptied her bladder and
shit. The case also had a slot which when opened gave Amir full
access to her pussy, for use whenever he needed to. Thus
attached, with legs and arms bent and tied, she was stuffed into
the case for up to weeks sometimes. Amir had a night vision
camera installed on the top giving a full view of Fida's face .he
often watched her on their television and masturbated seeing the
fear and horniness mingled crazed expression on her face.

He often experimented with different forms of mental and physical
tortures on her while she was "stored away". He starved her for
days, stopped the excretory functions for a few days at times
after which, he would hear her constant howling and moaning
sounds for days while simultaneously watching her. Once, he let
loose a bunch of cockroaches through the slot after he was done
fucking her. After which he was able to hear constant screams
throughout the house for some time until her throat turned sore
and she wasn't able to scream anymore. Still Amir had a clear
view of his mother's ongoing voiceless scream as the cockroaches
crawled all over her. He also experimented a lot with the feed he
was giving to his mother, often feeding her vile concoctions
which left her in complete agony for days. Once he mixed dirt,
rotten eggs and cheap rum and kept her on the same diet for 3
days straight. All throughout Fida suffered from terrible
diarrhea after which for the next four days he fed her the shit
that was collected later. Fida was so weakened this time that she
had to be admitted into intensive care for a week.

 It took her a full 2 months to recover, after which she was
immediately back in full slave mode. "mmnnn aaahhhh!!" the
sucking noises made by his considerably thinner but still a bit
chubby mother on his asshole resonated in the entire house. "Here
you go mom this is your special homecoming meal, its extra
spicy!" said Amir as he took a drag out of a joint and started
evacuating his filled morning bowels into his mother's hungry
mouth. "I missed the taste of your shit so much while I was in
the hospital my son, my master." said Fida after she hungrily
gulped down the last of her son's shit and was busy licking her
fingers. "really mom? Even though you begged me each day to give
you a packet of my shit so you could eat it during night?" Said
Amir smirking. "Still, that's nothing compared to the feeling I
got from receiving it straight from my master's ass hole." Said
Fida smiling back and caressing Amir's balls.
" So my mashter" said Fida taking her son's cock into her mouth,
"what do you have planned for me now?" Pulling his mom's face off
his dick by grabbing her hair, and to Fida's surprise started
kissing her deep. "mmnnnnn nnnoooo mashteee itsh dirhty..." Fida
moaned as she came again and again. "The thing is," Amir said
"the last two months gave me a lot of time to think about us, and
I think I sometimes miss us being just a family..." said Amir
while holding Fida's eyelids open and licking her eyeballs, "I
know we can never go back, but I want to marry you, and have a
kid..." he said sticking his tongue underneath the eyeball making
it plop out slightly as Fida groaned from having this completely
new experience. "But master, I love the pain you inflict on me so
much I can't, I won't be able to live without it." "I know mom
that's why we are going to move to dolcett county USA where
everything from incest to snuff is publicly accepted, there first
we will have our nikah, and then we will sign a snuff contract
making you my official slave and possession." said Amir circling
his tongue on the circumference of the eyeball. "A snuff
contract?" said Fida breathing heavily as her son took his tongue
out from underneath the eyeball and pressed it back into the
socket using his tongue. "Yes mom, a contract laying out the
terms of your service and the terms of their completion to me
your owner..." said Amir with a huge smile on his face. "That
sounds like a dream master, but I don't think I will be able to
give you a child..." said Fida. "No need to worry about that mom,
the reproductive technology there is so advanced that it doesn't
matter what age, you can still have a kid. And the second time
that you get pregnant," said Amir grabbing her underbelly "we
will snuff you along with the kid in your belly as a family."...
Fida was almost in tears hearing this "I love you so much my son,
my master and my husband..."








