Wet & Ready
by Perry Jones

	CHAPTER FIVE

	Todd called Doug Martin and said he'd arrive for his urine and blood tests just before noon. I took an early lunch. When I got back, both Doug and Todd were waiting in front of my office.

	It was quite a sight. I'd fucked both of these men in the past few days. Neither of them knew about the other, of course, but they seemed somewhat competitive when they spoke to me, each inching closer to me and verbally sparring for my attention. I unlocked the office and prepared for the drug tests. It was fun. I'd never had two guys interested in me like this before.

	They were so different and yet the same in some ways. Todd was my first lover. I let him fuck me simply because I was so horny I was about to burst. Well, the fact that he was a totally awesome hunk didn't hurt either. Todd, I also learned as we talked about why he was leaving, was a rich kid. His daddy owned some huge company and Todd was graduating with a business degree in a couple of weeks and going out to California for a well-paying job.

	Doug, on the other hand, wasn't nearly as good a catch. He was in his early 40s, lived on a coach's salary and was starting to go bald and soft. But I didn't fuck him because of his body. I really liked Doug because he was so sweet.

	I started teasing them a little. After all, they were trying so hard. I took the blood samples in two numbered tubes and when I put a bandage on Todd's arm I let him rub on me sneakily, both of us watching the coach waiting impatiently by the door. When I released his arm, they both observed as I put the tubes immediately into the locked sample case. Then each of us signed the proper forms for the test.

	When I had the little toilet and dressing room cleared of all extra equipment, I told the coach to check it thoroughly. The college is very strict when it comes to these drug tests and the procedures we have to go through are pretty much foolproof. After Coach Martin checked the room, Todd took the numbered cups. I checked the door, looking to make sure the inside bell was working. We all signed off for the test and Todd went into the bathroom. I could tell that Doug wasn't comfortable and I didn't really want to hurt his feelings, so I walked him out.

	When I got back in two or three minutes, I leaned on the door and waited at least I0 minutes. Finally, I knocked at the door.

	"Todd, honey?" I called. "Are you OK in there?"

	"Yes," he said.

	"If you can't pee," I said. "I can get you some water."

	"That's not the problem," he laughed. "I've got to piss so bad my back teeth are floating."

	I had no idea what that meant, but it was obvious that there was some kind of problem.

	"I'm opening up, Todd," I said.

	He was still there, his robe tied tightly around his waist. The two cups were sitting on the back of the toilet, they were empty.

	"Now," I said, in my nurse-in-charge voice. "What's going on?"

	"I don't seem to able to pee," he said.

	"Why?"

	Todd opened the robe. His swung out and it was so hard that it stood up straight, pointing toward his belly button.

	"Oooh," I giggled. "I see."

	My knowledge of male anatomy was sadly lacking. "Is that a problem?" I asked, blushing this time myself.

	"It sure is," he gasped. "You started rubbing your tits on my arm when you took that blood sample. My cock just jumped up hard. Then when you locked the door and winked at me, I started thinking about you, about when we fucked. Now the damn thing won't go down!"

	"You can't pee like that?"

	"No way!" he said. "If I could, you'd have to put the cups up on the ceiling."

	I laughed, but, even as I giggled, I couldn't tear my eyes from his rock-hard boner. I reached out and gently caressed Todd's cock.

	"Maybe I can help," I whispered.

	"Is Coach still here?" he gasped, looking over my shoulder worriedly.

	"He's gone," I said, stroking over the now-twitching length of his prick. "What can I do to make it go down, baby?"

	"Well," he said, "I'll bet a blowjob would do the trick."

	"I smiled, licking my lips as I felt my heart skipping a beat. As he spoke, his cock jumped wildly.

	"There's only one problem," I cooed, moving closer to his naked young body. "I've never done that. You'd have to show me what to do, Todd. Would you mind? Would you show me how to suck your cock?" Within about two seconds, I was sitting on the bench in the dressing room and Todd was standing in front of me. He took my soft hands and wrapped one around the thick base of his beautiful boner, my fingers pointed slightly down toward my salivating mouth. The feel of his hot, hard cock made my pussy drip.

	"What should I do first?" I asked, my voice croaking.

	"Kiss it," he whispered. "Lick it all over, baby. Just get used to it before you start sucking."

	I leaned closer. The tip of his prick was inches from my mouth. I moved my fist up over the towering hunk of cock meat and drew in the clean scent of his musty crotch. As my fist closed tightly, a glistening drop appeared out of the little piss-slit in the tip of his prick-head.

	My lips touched first, kissing the side of his meaty thickness and as I moved my face, caressing against the velvety hardness of Todd's prick, it twitched. I moaned, rubbing my cheeks against the silky flesh of his boner, my moist lips leaving a damp trail around the lower half of his dick.

	Each time I touched it, Todd's cock jerked in response.

	"Mmmm," I sighed, feeling my nipples hardening inside my jumpsuit. "I think he likes me."

	My mouth filled with hot saliva and I had to swallow before I could open. I let my tongue peek out, touching his cock flesh. I started licking, bathing around and around, my mouth sliding up higher as I lashed over Todd's fat cock. I felt him shudder with pleasure.  As I reached the hard ridge marking the edge of Todd's prick head, I let my tongue explore. It rode up over the crown, feeling the spongy flesh above and I leaned up to kiss the very tip.

	My lips touched. That shiny bubble of pre-cum was still quivering as it burst against my lips. It spread, coating my lips slippery and without thinking, I moved my tongue out and licked the fluid from my lips.

	"Oooo, baby," I groaned, shuddering against his cock and I eagerly lapped up Todd's dripping oils. When I'd milked out the last little taste, I pulled down tightly on his throbbing shaft and drilled my tongue into the little gap of his piss-slit. I felt his knees weakening and Todd leaned against the wall to keep from collapsing into a trembling heap of passion.

	"Oooh, God Jessica!" he groaned, his hands digging into the short hair on my head.

	"Am I doing good?" I panted, looking up into his eyes.

	"Yes!" he hissed.

	I stood quickly, spinning with Todd in the small room. I put him on the bench, kneeled in front of him, snuggling between his open knees and took that jerking length of tongue-bathed cock in my hands again. I licked over the crown once more, this time, my eyes locking with his as I naughtily caressed Todd's hard-on with my sweet tongue.

	"Now what?" I purred.

	"Suck it," he panted.

	"Tell me," I whispered. "Tell me what to do."

	"Open your mouth," he growled softly. "Take it. Take my cock in your mouth. Just a little. I promise not to shove it in. Just take a little. Please!" Todd whimpered as my mouth opened and his hands went back to my head. My nursing cap was in his way. Todd fumbled, finding the pins holding the white, squared-off hat and he tore it loose. With a low, growing sob, he gripped my head and thrust his prick into me. He shoved it right into my mouth.

	I eagerly rode him, letting my lips soften as the head of this horny young man' s prick entered my mouth and I decided right then and there that I wanted to learn to be the best cocksucker that had ever been.

	"Try to take a little more," Todd said.

	I opened wide, remembering the way Pam had looked as she sucked on Coach Dunn's much bigger cock. Todd's dick sank in deeper, but when the tip hit the back of my throat, I felt myself tensing. I was burning hot and I wanted more. I wanted to feel Todd's big cock-every fucking inch of that lovely thing.

	I needed Todd's hands on me. Keeping his jerking prick in my mouth, I unbuttoned the top of my jumpsuit. This time I wore nothing underneath and I reached up, guiding his hands to my tits.

	"Pinch them," I said, dragging my mouth free for just a second. "Pinch my nipples while I suck your cock."

	Todd reached inside the top of my jumpsuit and grabbed for my nipples which were already hard. As he pinched down on them, I rolled my tongue around the head of his meaty prick. I sucked his big prick back into my mouth and he thrust forward, fucking my face. I took his cock deeper, my soft, moist lips nibbling down his long shaft. The rubbery tip of his boner bumped against the back of my throat, but this time I only moaned deep in my throat, making soft, vibrating sounds of delight.

	Todd slid forward, perching right on the edge of the little bench. I found his swinging balls, cupping and fondling with one hand over the squirming globes.

	"God, Jessie," he hissed. "Suck it. Suck my cock, honey."

	I could tell that he loved what I was doing. When I touched his balls, Todd jerked wildly on the bench. Then suddenly, I had a naughty idea. I pulled free, kissing and slobbering over his juice cock, working my way down to the hairy sac.

	"Can I kiss them?" I whispered.

	"Jesus!" Todd groaned.

	Todd's balls were hanging freely and his big boner was poking up past my forehead. I rubbed my nose against his balls, feeling the loose globes running around inside each crinkled sac. His prick was all slippery from my mouth and I wrapped one fist around it. I moved my hand, rippling my fingers over the sensitive flesh and I nuzzled under the base of his boner, feeling the kinky hairs tickling my nose. I drew in a heady breath of his musky male scent. His strong scent excited me and I began sucking at his balls hanging in front of my face. I opened wide, letting one of the cum-filled globes slide between my lips. Todd cried out and I sucked in and out, switching from one ball to the other. As Todd pinched down on both nipples, I exploded into a thousand pieces. My pussy clamped down around nothing, cumming like crazy.

	"You're fantastic!" he moaned above me.

	"Mmmm," I responded, pulling up from the gorgeous thrill of his crotch. "You made me cum, honey. Ooooh, that was nice."

	I ran my sweet tongue up, rippling along that thick tube and when I got to the tip, it jerked against my teasing, moist flesh.

	"If you don't watch out," he said, half-laughing, "I'm gonna cum, too."

	"I hope so," I said, smiling up at Todd.

	I had to have his cock in my mouth again. Quickly, I kissed my way back to the dripping tip of Todd's big boner and centered it against the softness of my lips. My body shivered. I was going to do it this time. I squeezed my thighs together, mewled through a I0 second-long cum and in one wild motion that I couldn't control, I sucked it all the way into my bruised mouth. I sucked every inch of that bloated, blue-veined, big, beautiful cock right down to the thick base.

	"Jesus!" Todd gasped.

	"Mmmmmm," I moaned as my mouth was totally filled with the throbbing excitement of a man's prick for the first time. Suddenly, I felt the head lodge in my throat and I came up, afraid of choking. But only for a second. I gobbled Todd's prick again, caressing it with my lips, swirling all I could reach with my tongue and making it throb wildly again.

	When I had it all, I held his pulsating prick in my sucking mouth and locked my hands around his balls. I climaxed again, this time just from the feel of Todd's big boner jerking and throbbing deep in my throat. When I couldn't stand it for another split second, I pulled my mouth up.

	Todd picked up my rhythm on the first cycle, thrusting up into my sweet mouth as I bobbed my head over his lap. He fucked my face, sliding his prick slowly back into my mouth and right down my throat, ball deep.

	"Suck it," he groaned, caressing my tits more feverishly. As he rolled both nipples tightly, my tongue feverishly slithered up and down the underside of his tasty prick, concentrating on that little spot just under Todd's piss-slit. "Ooh, God. Ooh, God!" Todd groaned over and over again nearing a climax. I wanted him to cum in my mouth; to feel the taste the blast of hot cum spitting into my mouth and down my throat.

	I twisted my head as Todd drove up into me again. I could tell that he was going to cum. His prick was jerking and I tickled his balls in my hands, feeling them drawing up tightly in his hairy sac.

	Todd tried to pull out, but I wouldn't let him. I wanted my mouth and throat fucked deep and hard. I wanted to take his prick all the way down into my belly.

	"I'm gonna cum!" he gasped.

	I suctioned my lips, vacuuming around every inch of Todd's pulsating prick, caressing his swollen flesh with my moist tongue. His balls started to tingle and I pulled my blocking fist away, giving Todd full reign to drive his cock straight down my throat. The first jet splashed the back of my throat and slid down my gullet. I didn't even taste it. I felt cheated. Quickly, I rocked forward to get my mouth in position for the next spurt of cum. And I made it just in time. The second huge blast of hot cum rocketed across my tongue, filling my mouth with his thick, salty seed. I swallowed, cherishing the flavor of the thick hot jism even as another cunt-shuddering wad splattered out from his belching prick.

	"Aauuugh!" Todd grunted. "Take it. Eat my cum, Jessica. God! Swallow my juice, baby."

	His orgasm slowed, but I couldn't let go. I sucked, swallowing until my mouth was free of the sticky juice Todd was feeding me. His cock kept jerking softly, slowly growing less stiff and less thick as I mouthed and kissed over the shrinking tube. I kept him locked between my lips, whimpering quietly as my own fuck-fluid dripped down my thighs.

	It took me five minutes before I could stand and when I did get up, it was my turn to have weak knees. Remembering why we were really there, I locked Todd back in the bathroom. I
heard the sound of his piss hitting the cups as I closed the top of my jumpsuit.

	My memorable day over, I left shortly after Todd. And that evening, I was so bushed that I didn't even eat before I fell into a sound sleep.



	To be Continued 

