She smiled at him as she came off the airplane his arms soon wrapping her in a strong embrace their lips met. She looked into his handsome face the kindness in his eyes. They walked together out to where he was parked. He started the car, his eyes lingered on her body. 
He leaned over and whispered to her a single word "Undress" she looked at him a bit shocked and as they left the parking garage the unfastened her skirt and pulled it down over her long smooth thighs. She couldn't believe that she was doing this. She started to unbutton her blouse as he pulled the car smoothly onto the highway. She slowly started unbuttoning her blouse and as she did she tried not to look at the other cars on the highway, nervous and embarrassed by the thought that others might be watching her.

She unfastened her bra and let it slide off of the globes of flesh that were her breasts. She could feel her nipples pinch in the air conditioning and she knew if she looked down she would see them looking like eraser ends. She then reached down and pulled her underwear down her legs and then kicked it off her ankles. He turned off the highway and soon they were driving down a dirt road in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere.

He stopped the car beside an orchard of tall trees she wasn't quite sure what kind they were. She shivered when he opened the door and took her hand. He led her into the cool shade of the trees. He kissed her again her back against the rough bark of the tree. His mouth was on her lips. His lips and tongue drifted down her jaw line and down her neck. She closed her eyes as his mouth drifted across her collarbone. She could feel his breath on her breasts and soon his mouth was suckling her nipples, first one and then the other. Her knees almost collapsed when his lips touched her hips he bit at her hip bone and then traced fine lines across her pelvis. She shivered when his tongue danced around the lips of her sex, when he suckled the lips of her pussy she arched her back her hands drifting in his hair she pulled his face against her, She gasped as his tongue probed her slit. She half held her breath as she heard him slurping the juices from her gash. She felt the tension building like a electric vibration moving out from her nexus. He hips bucked and her knees buckled as the orgasm washed over her.

 He held her up and looked up at her his mouth still level with her slit. She looked back at him and pulled him up to kiss him she loved the bitter sweet flavor of her own juices on his face and she kissed and sucked with a frenzy her own hands unbuttoning his shirt and removing his belt, the buttons of his pants. Her hands clawing and clenching at the firm flesh of his chest and back, she dragged her nails on the firm curve of his ass, she found herself on her knees as she kissed lovingly on his cock. Her fingers wrapping lovingly around it she bushed her lips with the tip and licked the oozing slit. She suckled it, her fingertips delicately brushing his balls she leaned in to suck and lick at them and then sucked at the sides of his rod. She savored the flavor in her mouth as she slowly sank her lips down onto him, swallowing until her nose bushed his pubic hair. He groaned as her tongue tickled the underside of his cock.

He pulled her away and after finishing undressing he led her back to the car. He got into the car beside her. He started it and started back down the road. She leaned over as he drove taking his still unrequited cock. Her nipples dragged across his thigh.  He stopped in front of the cabin and they hurried naked inside. She led him to the bed his lips already tasting the flesh of her neck, the crease between her breasts she reached down taking the issue in hand and guiding into desire. He growled and pushed forward she wrapped her legs around him. She could feel herself opening up to him she consciously fluttered the muscles inside her. He droved inside her in long slow delicious strokes, she dug her nails into his back her already hot box quivered. She held him deep inside her she could feel him twitching and pulsing inside her. She felt herself rising, she ground her hips against him, and he started hammering her. Her pussy felt full, and there it was the orgasm overwhelmed her she could feel her eyes rolling back in her head.

She woke it was morning. She climbed out of the bed she could feel his cum oozing out of her slit. She walked towards the bathroom and looked at her self in the mirror. There was dried cum on her breasts and across her cheek. She looked around the cabin. She found a note 
	I had to go to work emergency at the office
			Sorry
He had signed it. She looked around the cabin for her clothes. They were gone. She looked at her watch; she had to be back at the airport in an hour her flight left in an hour later. She looked around in the closet. There was a pair of ridiculous heels. She tied up her hair and pulled on a little black dress it was really the only thing in the closet, unless of course she wanted to wear a French maid's outfit. She called the taxi. 

When the cab arrived she was already late. She had found a twenty in the cabin and some change in the couch, but with no purse. She left the change.

She missed her flight; she was almost an hour late. She sat on a bench at the airport wondering what she would do. 
