Some friends of mine were in town so we decided to hit the nightclubs.
I hadn't been out like this in years, let alone done ecstacy for a while, but thats exactly what I found we were doing and I wasnt exactly complaining.
I'd recently broken up with my long term girlfriend, and could do with a night out to be honest. It didnt end pretty either, so anything to take my mind off her & forget for a bit was welcomed.
We dropped a few tabs & sank several beers first, with the pills we took just kicking in as we hit the D floor to start dancing. I missed this feeling. The sudden awareness, the rush of the music as it made my body move, I could feel the bass from every beat course through me, losing myself in the flashing lights, my skin tingling everytime I brushed past someone else dancing which felt incredible. I got completely lost in the moment.
I'd been dancing like this for what felt like hours, with the high not letting up. It was then I realised Id completely lost my friends, not that I cared all that much. I was having too good a time dancing on my own.
The crowd had increased a lot since we first arrived, with less space to dance freely & more bumping & grinding into other revellers, which I didnt mind as it still felt amazing to touch & be touched.
It was then I noticed a hand caressing my butt through my jeans. This wasnt your usual accidental touch, this was a purposeful grope. And I loved it.
My first thought was to pull the hand away but why would I do that when it felt so good? My body was tingling.
The hand then reached under & started gently rubbing my balls through my jeans. Whoever this chick was, she really wanted it. And I wasnt going to stop her from having it. At any time I probably could have turned around to see who was doing it but something about the mystery made it more exciting.
The DJ still pumped amazing beats as I danced along, shoulder to shoulder with other dancers. With one hand still groping my balls, another hand reached around the front of my jeans & inched itself inside, holding my cock in her hand. She stroked it, up & down. God that felt good. Feeling skin on skin, let alone having my cock stroked while I was dancing in a club. I continued to dance, or at least tried, with a hand on either side of me.
Both hands were then pulled away quickly, and I felt my jeans being pulled & stretched, then a big rip as a hole was created where my ass was. Jeez, this girl isnt kidding around I thought. Now Ive got a big hole in my pants. Granted they were old & worn, which is why they ripped easily.
This is happening I thought, we're gonna fuck on the dance floor. This was so hot. I couldnt believe this was real.
The song the DJ was playing started to crescendo, with the build up & drum beats increasing faster & faster until it stopped completely, & everything fell silent for what seemed like minutes but was likely just split seconds, and then the beat dropped & the crowd went wild, jumping to the beat with their hands pointed to the sky.
At the same time this happened, as if timed to perfection, I felt something hard poke against my ass, then through the hole in my jeans my boxers were ripped aside, something wet was smeared over my asshole, the two hands were then back holding onto each of my shoulders, & I felt a sudden jolt of pain as something hard & long slid right into my asshole. I yelled out in pain, but its not like anyone heard me above the music.
This all happened in quick succession, & with the trance like state I was in its not like I was quick to come to the realisation of what was happening.
The thing slid out of my ass, the hands held tighter & then it slid back in, further this time. I winced in pain, but I still found myself not fighting it for some reason.
It was then I realised that it was a guy who was groping me & stroking me the whole time, and now he was fucking me up the ass while standing in the middle of a crowded dancefloor. I had another man's hard cock right up my ass.
This was not what I was expecting, and while I should really have been horrified & screamed & fought myself away from his grip I found myself just standing there, taking it.
He slid out, & slammed back into me even harder. It felt like his cock was huge, & while it did hurt, its like electricity was coursing through my body & it felt fucking amazing. I was actually enjoying this, and letting another man assfuck me in a nightclub, in public.
He pushed into me again, and this time brought his body close to mine. His arms hooked up under mine so our bodies were close & he had complete control. I could feel his breath on my neck. He slid his cock out slowly, and heaved his body forward so it went all the way back in. I could hear him groan near my ear now, amongst the beats of the music.
He started fucking me hard now in time with the music. Beat after beat, thrust after thrust. He started kissing my neck, licking my back. My vision blurred as it felt my eyes rolled into the back of my head.
It didnt hurt me anymore. All I felt were incredible surges of ecstacy with each thrust. His lips on my neck, his hands over my shoulders, his cock in my ass. I never wanted this to end. So this is what it felt like to have a man inside you. This is incredible. Why hadnt I done this sooner? Why doesnt everybody do this?
I didnt know if it was the drugs talking, or my newfound desire, or both. But my god, I never wanted this cock to leave my ass.
Everytime it did, for a split second I begged for it to go back in, and it always did.
The beats intensified now, and so did the ass fucking. I closed my eyes, tilted my head back and just got lost in the moment. My entire body tingling. Electricity jolting even more with every thrust. My head was bent right back, and thats when he passionately kissed me. His soft wet lips pressing against mine. I opened my eyes as we released & we locked eyes. I reached back & held his head between my palms. He continued to fuck me. We stared at each other for a moment as he fucked me, & then I let go & leant forward again. That was the first & last time I ever saw him again.
The beat continued to intensify & get faster, but I noticed his pacing start to slow. It was more purposeful, with hard & long pumps.
He thrust forward hard & held it there. Then he pulled out, & thrust forward hard & held it again.
I felt it first, a light pulse followed by a warm sensation flooding inside me. I then heard him give a long sustained moan & grunt in my ear. It must have been incredible for him, as he came hard. Really hard. The pleasure in his moaning as he pulsed stream after stream of cum into my ass was intoxicating. The fact that it was me and my tight virgin ass that was giving him so much pleasure made me wild.
He pulled out & pushed himself into me a few more times as he shot the last few loads into my ass. I loved having his seed inside me, shoot right into me. I deserved & earned it.
He pulled his cock out of my ass finally and it was all over, disappointingly. I still wanted more.
I turned around to see him, to try & figure who the hell had just fucked me standing up on the dancefloor through a hole in my jeans, but he was gone. There were just other people dancing, lost in their own little worlds, looking like they had no idea what had just happened right in front of them.
Gone. Vanished. Just like that. I stood there, with the flashing lights surrounding me & the beats still pumping, and couldnt believe what had just happened to me.
I shuddered in ecstacy, and noticed I had goosebumps all over. A huge smile crept across my face as I raised my arms in the air & danced the rest of the night away. I felt free, freer than I ever had before, as I also felt his cum slowly leak out of my ass & drip down my leg,