Jackie and Coach
bysaxxon19©

Jackie slowly walked into her trainer's office. She was 5'7, 19 and had a tight body with long brown hair and 34B tits. She was completely naked swinging her ass how she was taught. 

Jackie got on all fours as she walked into Matt's office, where he was naked. She had just finished her workout with him and had to masturbate twice before she could come in again. 

He looked at her and smiled. He was 5'11 had short brown hair and a meaty 7 inch dick. She looked at him with lustful eyes. 

"I finished my workout coach" she muttered, "Can I go now coach?"

He loved it when she called him coach. "Yeah go but I have some rules for next time you come for your workout. You are going to go to the store and buy tight short shorts; they will be two sizes too small and will show off your pussy lips and your little ass. Got it slut?" he laughed, "you will not wear a bra or underwear and you will not get wet at all, if I see and pussy juice on your shorts you get punished. Understand"

"Yes coach" she moaned as he inserted beads into her ass. "Whatever you say coach." Jackie got dressed and left. 

She knew she was to keep the beads in and wear them until tomorrow. She remembered the first time she met Matt. It was amazing. 

She called for a personal trainer and was told to go to his house. When she got there she was told to first take off her bra and underwear but leave her outer clothes on. While she worked out he would help her and he would give her small touches. He would pinch her tits or spank her ass and she loved it. Eventually he had her take off her shorts but had her leave her shirt on. She did as she was told and she was told to do a bridge. She lied on her back and pushed herself up into the position, splaying her pussy. 

As she raised her body she felt his meat penetrate her. "Don't you dare fall down this is your workout now stay up." Coach told her as he rammed into her. She could barely keep herself up. Alas, soon she fell and he smiled. 

"Now it gets fun," He laughed. He then pulled out two jump ropes, tied each hand to each foot and he brought his dick to her face. "You're bad at this, we need to practice. So here is your choice, you either suck me off then swallow or you get punished. Which is it?" he asked. 

"I...uh," Jackie stuttered, "I want to suck your dick Matt.""

Wrong answer, you will call me coach, not matt, now you get punished." Coach grinned. Jackie was still recollecting as she walked down the street of how he had punished her. She was on her way to her next session as people stared at her tiny attire. She was covered, but every curve was visible, especially her now rock-hard nipples. She could feel the men, and even some women, drink in her pussy, ass, and tits. She was also still wearing her beads, rejoicing in the feel but knowing she wasn't to get wet.

She kept thinking of what this session would be like, maybe she would have to run a mile with nipple clamps, or maybe have Mat—Coach would actually fuck her like last time. 

She finally lost it and went into an alley and began to fantasize as she stuck her hand in her tight little shorts. Jackie began to think of how bad she was and rubbed her pussy lips then slowly slid one finger into herself. Then she slowly slid another finger into her pussy, then one into her ass. She began to masturbate wildly in the alley. In and out, in and out. When she was done she was sweaty and her crotch was soaked. She knew she would get punished for this. 

The first time he punished her, she loved it. Coach first pulled the jump ropes off of her and retied them so she was tied to the wall. He then pulled out a vibrator and put it right below her pussy lips and another right up against her ass. He then turned them on. Jackie was horny all over again but if she tried to rub against the vibrators, coach would move them away and turn them off. It went on for almost three hours until Jackie could barely contain herself but Coach never allowed her to cum. 

"Please fuck me or let me cum. please matt please!" Jackie begged. 

"You little slut, I said call me coach." He said and he went up to her flipped her around and began to spank her firm little ass. 

Over and over he slapped and slapped until Jackie began to love the feel, she stuck he ass out for more. Then Coach stopped again. 

"You obviously haven't had a good exercise routine set up and you seem to be begging for more so I will untie you and you will get dressed and come back in a week." Coach instructed her. That had been 6 months ago. Now Jackie had an almost daily workout routine. 

Jackie looked up after fucking herself in the alley and saw another girl there, watching her. Jackie got wet and horny all over again from knowing that she attracted attention from a passerby. The girl looked about 17, with short black hair and small but perky 32A tits. She wore only a sports bra and tight yoga pants.

"You dirty girl, watching me fuck myself, how naughty. What's your name?" Jackie crooned, her hand still in her shorts.

"I-I-I'm Taylor, sorry I didn't mean to um...intrude on you." Taylor quickly mumbled. She acted ashamed and embarrassed, but she secretly wanted a taste of that adventurous alley-masturbator's pussy. 

"Well then Taylor, you saw me fucking myself so I need to see something similar. It's already 9:30 so no on will be out walking this late." Jackie said through a growing smile. Thinking like Coach she said, "How about you strip down and give me those clothes. You can come with me, there is someone, you little slut, that you have to meet."

Taylor tried to act unsure, but quickly and willingly stripped. First she took off her tight sports bra, revealing her sexy small tits, and then she peeled away her yoga pants and her shoes followed after. The 18-year-old beauty stood completely nude in front of Jackie. Jackie then began to get even more devious. She reached behind herself and pulled out her anal beads. 

"Now for part two, while you walk with me, you will have these in your ass, got it Taylor?" Jackie barked.

Taylor actually whimpered at this, she had never done ass play before. In her moment of doubt she tried to cover herself, but Jackie stood up and quickly paced over to Taylor. Jackie bent pushed Taylor over to a wall of the ally and had her bend down. Jackie got onto her knees and began licking Taylor's young asshole. When it was lubed enough, she slowly slid to beads into Taylor's ass. 

"FUCK, oh fuck, fuck, fuck, oh yeah that's fucking good. Shove them in me, oh yes, oh lord YES!" Taylor screamed as she came. Jackie managed to get all of the beads into the virgin asshole, but made Taylor cum while doing so.

"She is going to be the perfect fuck-toy for Coach and me." Jackie thought. "Okay Taylor," She said out loud, "You are going to follow me to my fitness instructor's house. If you try to go anywhere, remember I have your clothes and you have some very special beads in your ass. Now before we go, I don't think I really finished before, so on your knees, my little bitch." 

Taylor rushed at the opportunity; finally she was getting that sweet pussy. But first, Jackie pulled out a dog leash and collar usually reserved for her. She put the collar on Taylor's hands, binding them together, and she attached the leash. Then, while tightly holding the leash, Jackie lowered her short shorts and walked up to Taylor's open and waiting mouth. Taylor already had her tongue stretched out, almost begging to be Jackie's slave just for a taste of her pussy. 

Jackie moved forward one last bit, and Taylor went to work. Taylor licked, nibbled, and swallowed Jackie in a frenzy. Jackie had never had someone eat her out with such animosity before, and she had cum within a minute. She fell to the ground, thanking Taylor and her tongue. Taylor blushed, getting even wetter, at the fact that the pleasure was all hers. She was, however, sad that it was over for now. But she, Taylor, couldn't wait to be brought to this mystery place with this delicious mystery girl. She licked her lips, taking in the last of Jackie's taste. 

"Wow slut, that was pretty damn good, I might just have to keep you for myself!" Jackie remarked. "Well, it's almost ten, and I'm and hour late for my lesson because of you. Now stand up, clench your little beaded ass, and get ready for a little trip. Oh, Coach is gonna love you." 

Taylor stood up slowly, waving her ass at Jackie. Jackie could only think of the things she wanted to do to her new playmate. Jackie pulled the leash in between Taylor's legs, rubbing her already red pussy. She wanted to just fuck her now. Alas, she had to get to Coach. Within minutes, the two were standing in front of the house. Jackie was ready, knowing how she would be punished for being tardy, but rewarded for Taylor. Maybe she could even keep Taylor as her own slave. She wasn't sure; all Jackie knew was one thing.

She needed a workout. 
