FATHER BRENNAN'S BOYS

BY ANONYMOUS MASTER

Part 2

Father Brennan noticed the new waves of frightened trembling in
all three of the naked boys standing fearfully before him. Good
he thought, they will be well primed for the abuse to follow,
scared little boys were easier to manipulate and one could
subject them to almost any conceivable humiliation or abuse.

Going to his side board cabinet he picked out a few of his more
favorite toys. A 5 tailed tawse, a short two tailed whip, and a
paddle with a rubber coating which was dimpled with 1/8 inch hard
rubber projections, and small drilled holes through out small
surface of the paddle.

Walking back in front of the boys he clutched Michael's small
trembling chin in his hand pinched his mouth open and placed the
small two headed whip in his mouth, "close boy." The boy did as
instructed and clamped his mouth shut over the vicious looking
whip.

Next he went to the Davis boy Tony, he reached for the boy's chin
and much to his delight the scared little boy instantly opened
his small mouth for him without prompting. Father Brennan
chuckled to himself, as he placed the tawse inside the boy's
office.

Standing back he observed his young victims with delight while he
slapped the wicked paddle repeatedly into his hand. Which one to
start with first he reflected sadistically to himself. Ah yes, we
will do Mark the oldest first. Placing his desk chair behind him
Father Brennan sat, and bellowed out, "Master Mark you snot faced
little fuck come to me at once."

The boy shuffled forward legs still obediently and obscenely wide
apart to stand before the Holy man. Father Brennan with the naked
trembling boy bitch trembling before him, tears of shame and fear
rolling down his beautiful young face, reached up took the bull
whip off the boys shoulders, and then placing the whip beside
him, and the wicked paddle in his lap, reached up to caress the
boys undeveloped pale chest. He tweaked the tiny nipples before
him till they were erect and begging abuse. Gabbing a boy tit, in
each hand he twisted and pulled on the resistant flesh
repeatedly, harder with each attempted assault, bringing shrieks
of anguish and cries of tortured pain from the young boy child.
After twenty minutes of this titty play he let go of the immature
nipples to survey his work. The boys nipples were a deep reddish
purple sticking nicely from the boys undeveloped torso.

Grabbing the boy's young erection he roughly pulled the boy by
his pre-adolescent nut sack, squishing the boy's tiny balls and
ensuring more throaty screams of anguish from the pitiful crying
little boy. Roughly, handling the erect stalk of his boyhood, he
brutally pulled the loose foreskin completely back causing small
tears in the sensitive inner folds of the exposed virgin cock.
Attention now directed at the tiny red helmet of the immature
glans he pinched the little cock head hard squeezing to the
trapped blood engorged the glans painfully and turned a nice
blueish purple in color he then picking a pen from his shirt
pocked used the implement to repeatedly whip the sensitive head
of the wailing boy's cocklet over and over again firing wave
after waves of pain from the highly sensitive nerve endings
through out the tortured lads small frame. Tiring of this sport
Father Brennan proceeded next to pry apart the glans of the boy's
cock head, separating the piss slit obscenely he was able to
actually look into the boy's pink moist piss hole a good bit,
grabbing the pen he inserted the tip into the tiny hole presented
stretching the opening most painfully, looking up into the boy's
agonized face he stared directly into the miserable pleading eyes
of the boy and in one brutalizing push rammed the pen down the
virgin urethra imbedding it deep into the small bladder of the
boy.

Mark could not fathom such a thing his mind overwhelmed with
agony, shocked with the unimaginable experience of these torments
simply blacked out, lost consciousness and proceeded to fall.
Father Brennan furious at having his fun interpreted, caught the
falling little bugger and standing up draped the young boy over
the back of his chair, reaching beneath the unconscious boy he
pulled the small erect cocklet and boy balls in their hairless
nut sack behind the boy spreading the lads legs so his immature
anus was winking pink at him and his boy bits complete with
imbedded pen sticking out of an abused and sore helmet all
prominently displayed.

Stepping back he picked up the bullwhip measured the distance
accurately, took aim and fired a perfect shot, FULL FORCE at his
target, the small balls enclosed in their protective nut sack.
With a shriek the boy regained consciousness and proceed to curl
into a fetal position clutching his bruised ball and whipped
nutsack. Father Brennan satisfied that he once again had the
boy's complete attention hollered for the boy to get up and
resume his position draped over the arm of the chair. The
agonized boy numb with pain, and all resistence beaten now out of
him complied.

Taking aim at the supine boy body obediently stretched across the
chair before him Father Brennan rained whip lash after whip lash
down on the quivering boy flesh, from shoulders to toes they came
repeatedly scouring the flesh. Till the boy's backside was a
continual line of purple welts from head to toe. The last 12
shots expertly finding the boys cock ball, and virgin asshole.
Course for poor Mark he could not prevent losing consciousness at
this point and after a valiant attempt to reawaken the boy by
renewed pain failed Father Brennan disgustedly and reluctantly
stopped his assault on the helpless boy.

He turned and noticed the other two boys tears running down their
faces, clearly in a state of shock with two pools of fresh urine
at their feet fearfully watching him as he crossed over to select
his next victim.

