Psyche Girl is captured by a villain with a unique power...and he has a plan.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Talents - Psyche Girl & The Fleshrender (MFF, bd, bi, humil, interr, magic, mc, Mdom, nc, oral, impreg, ws)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The World of Talents should remind you of many other fantasy worlds with superheroes, magic, and cosmic powers, except with a Krosis twist...

---

Psyche Girl slammed the last goon against the wall with her telekinesis and then telepathically scanned the museum for the psychic trace of their master; nothing! She had sensed the malicious intent of someone with a powerful talent just before she had been rushed by his or her underlings. She then had to switch from telepathy to telekinesis to take care of them, since she could only use one mind skill at a time. Where did their leader go?

So intent was the fit brunette on scanning the building with her mind, and so dependent on her psychic talent to warn her of danger, that she didn't hear the soft footfalls behind her. She felt someone touch the exposed flesh of her neck and then she dropped to the ground, unconscious.

---

She woke to find herself strapped by her arms, legs, and waist to some sort of waist-high bench with built-in cushions, her upper body slightly elevated from the rest of her. The room was about 20 foot square, with concrete walls and a single metal door that was closed. She had a huge headache, and then as she looked down she realized that she was naked!

"No..." she moaned. Her mask was gone, so the villain that had incapacitated her had seen her face! Then she realized that someone was touching her shoulder from behind. She angled her head to see who it was.

The figure noticed the movement. "Ah, you're awake," he said. Definitely a male voice, and she figured older than her 21 years. He wore a strange, old silver helmet on his head that covered most of his face, and a voluminous green cloak obscured the rest of him. His hands were bare, however. She tried to shrug his hand away from her shoulder, but he held on.

She tried to shut down his mind telepathically, but it was as if he didn't exist. Was that how he had snuck up on her? Then she spied a kitchen knife on a counter along the wall and tried to telekinetically move it to strike the man; nothing!

His head followed her gaze. "Having some trouble? It seems that my modifications to your brain were successful in cutting you off from your talent." He went and picked up the knife, bending it to show that it had only been plastic after all. She growled in frustration.

He reached up and removed the helmet. Looking at her was a man of perhaps 50 years of age, with average features and ear length salt and pepper hair. He had a domino mask on, which he also removed.

This was bad! If he was letting her see his face then he was confident that she would never be able to tell the authorities what she had seen. He was going to kill her!

"I'm sure you have questions," he continued. "Let's see: first, why couldn't you sense me in the museum? That would be because of my new helmet, which was my primary target." He placed the helmet reverently on the counter. "It was found in an ancient ruin, but they couldn't identify the metal so it moved from curator to curator over the years."

She wrenched at her bonds, but they held. Her mind couldn't unfasten the straps!

The man seemed unconcerned. "My investigations found that the helmet was actually constructed by a Talent using a metal of alien origin in order to defend against psychic attacks, but that was only a few years ago. That Talent died when his body was shredded by a malfunctioning time machine, and the helmet was lost, reappearing over two thousand years ago." He unfastened his cloak and swirled it with a flourish before hanging it on a convenient hook. "Once it was upon my head, you couldn't detect me, or otherwise affect me with your telepathic talent. My hirelings then distracted you so that I could get close."

He stepped close now, and she could see that he was just wearing a t-shirt and jeans. Dressed like that, he didn't look dangerous at all.

He touched her shoulder again and she felt strange. Her nipples hardened, though it wasn't cold in the room. She felt her vagina twitch as it began to moisten. What was he doing?

He moved his mouth near her ear. "I am known as The Fleshrender, but you can call me Master."

She gasped. She had heard of the Fleshrender, and nothing good! He could manipulate people's bodies with just a touch!

"I am currently making your body create a cocktail of hormones that I've come up with over decades of using my talent that will increase your sex drive," he informed her. "That should do it."

Psyche Girl looked down her body and gasped. Her vulva was engorged and she could see her clitoris was quite prominent. It even looked like her B-cup breasts had grown a little!

"Please...stop this..."

He moved down below her feet and did something she couldn't see to the bench. The lower part of it separated in a V and then clicked into place so that her legs were now split wide at a 45 degree angle, giving him unfettered access to her vagina. "No, Psyche Girl, I won't." Then he considered. "Psyche GIRL. You were named by the media, were you not, when you started adventuring a couple of years ago? What is it with male Talents being called men and females being called girls? Shouldn't you be Psyche Woman? You look old enough."

He unzipped his jeans and fished out his hard cock. She gasped and struggled at her bonds again.

"Look at me."

She stopped and did so. He hadn't moved forward. What was he waiting for?

He gripped her ankle above the strap holding her leg so that she couldn't pull away. "Look at my cock."

She looked away. She wasn't about to watch herself being raped!

"I won't rape you, I promise. Look."

Tentatively, she looked. When her eyes beheld his fairly average sized erection, a powerful orgasm washed over her. "Oh God! Uh! Uhh!" Her head lay back as her body shook in her release.

"Oh wow! You're a squirter! That was unexpected."

She looked back down. Her captor had a damp splash pattern on his shirt and jeans, and he looked pleased. She had squirted? She had never done that before.

He watched her face. "You didn't know? The young men you've been with were unable to satisfy you, huh? With age comes experience, you know."

As her eyes fell on his cock again, another orgasm swept over her. "Ugghaa!"

"I'm assuming it was men you've been with. I apologize if that was incorrect, but even if you're a lesbian, I don't think that will change what's to come. Okay, I'm going to go put my clothes in the laundry. Venus will continue the session." He opened the door, revealing a pretty auburn-haired young woman in a diaphanous gown that showed off her womanly curves. "Not the actual goddess," he clarified as he turned back, "just a former hero's sidekick with a helpful talent." He kissed the newcomer on the cheek as he left and she beamed.

Venus closed the door behind her and came forward. "Oh, Psyche Girl! It's such a pleasure to meet you." She emphasized the word "pleasure" as she swung her womanly hips. As she got within range, she started to trace her fingers lightly up the inside of Psyche Girl's leg.

"You...were a sidekick?" Psyche Girl asked through gritted teeth. Whatever Fleshrender had done to her, it had left her body extremely sensitive to touch.

"Mm hm..." the curvy woman murmured as her fingers trailed lightly up Psyche Girl's upper thigh. The hero almost felt disappointed as those fingers abruptly swerved away from her tingling vagina, and instead moved to her flat stomach.

"Think about Master's cock," Venus whispered in her ear. A flash of the villain's stiff member appeared in Psyche Girl's mind and then she felt a strange warmth roll through her body, though it wasn't orgasmic like earlier.

"Guhh...what did you just do?"

Venus moved her hand from Psyche Girl's tummy and up to one breast, though lightly, barely touching. Psyche Girl wanted her to move that hand up, just a little, to press her fingers into her tingly boob flesh...

The curvy sidekick moved her hand to the hero's other side, this time starting the light touch of her finger on Psyche Girl's cheek and moving down her neck, and then between her breasts. "Isn't Master's cock beautiful?"

Again, the hero had no choice but to recall the sight of Fleshrender's hard phallus. It was like trying to tell someone not to think of pink elephants! See? Now you're thinking of those. Again, her body flushed to the memory. Her vagina ached. Her nipples were so hard...

Now Venus was between her legs, standing much like Fleshrender had. "Don't you wish I was Master, pushing his magnificent cock inside you?"

Another wave of warmth rolled through Psyche Girl. She DID wish that! Then she realized...

"You're...you're like me...telepathic..."

The sidekick frowned. "No, nothing like that. I can just fan the flames of desire, making them stronger." She put her palms on Psyche Girls' inner thighs and knelt down, her face right in line with her dripping pussy. "Mmm, you smell so good, Psyche Girl..."

Psyche Girl wished Venus would just stick her tongue in, to give her some relief. She needed it! She felt the woman's breath on her trimmed pubes and shuddered. She felt the sidekick's tongue lightly touch her vaginal lips and slip upward, toward her clit. Yes! Yes!

Then the tongue retreated. "Nothing goes in here before Master's cock, though."

Psyche Girl had a momentary vision of Fleshrender's hard penis slipping between her own extremely wet pussy lips and shuddered as she felt Venus' talent affect her mind and body again, reinforcing the idea. Even knowing that it was happening didn't help her fight it!

Finally, Venus moved back and regarded the hero. "So beautiful, ripe and ready. I'm jealous, Psyche Girl."

"Um...I have to pee..." Psyche Girl said, flustered.

Venus smiled. "Oh, then you get to meet the hero I sidekicked for." She opened the door. "Amazonia! Cleanup on aisle 1!" she yelled into the hall.

A minute later, a horror entered the room. It was brown, vaguely female, fat and short, with pustules all over its body. It was carrying a mop and bucket.

"Amazonia?" Psyche Girl asked in disbelief. The legendary warrior had disappeared over a year ago, but had been the epitome of female fierceness, tall and lithe.

"Yes, was me," the dwarf answered in a croaking voice. "Master upset I can't have children, side effect of immortality. Now I toil like this, a disgusting blob for eternity." She started to mop up Psyche Girls' puddle of cum.

"She has to pee," Venus advised her.

"Oh." The dwarf dropped the mop and moved forward, her face in front of Psyche Girl's vagina. "Okay, go."

"Go?"

"Yes, pee now...I'm ready."

Psyche Girl didn't know what was going on, but she really had to pee. She let it go.

Immediately, the ugly dwarf moved her mouth to cover Psyche Girl's vagina. The urine went directly down the transformed hero's throat.

The sudden feel of Amazonia's warm mouth on her vagina caused the orgasm that had been building since Venus' arrival to crest, and her body stiffened as she screamed. "AaAAHH! Oh God!"

"Mm!" the dwarf gasped as she gulped. Then both orgasm and urine were depleted, and she moved back, wiping her face. "Pee taste better with pussy juice in it. Squirter? Nice." She mopped up the remainder of the mess and then shuffled out of the room.

Psyche Girl gasped as her breathing slowed. "Venus...did Amazonia say children?"

Venus moved back in between Psyche Girl's legs and traced fingers from both hands up from the hero's clit, through her pubes, and up to her taut stomach. Then she placed her palms there. "Yes, you will bear Master's children. They will grow right here..." She caressed Psyche Girl's stomach. "It will feel so good..."

Psyche Girl felt another wash of heat through her already overheated body as her mind was fooled into thinking of just that for the briefest moment. Her womb felt empty, and she moaned in frustration.

Venus reached up and caressed the hero's face. "You look tired. Have a nap and then we'll bring you something to eat. Be sure to let Amazonia know if you have to poop." She smiled and left the room. The door remained open.

Psyche Girl's body felt cool after all those warm waves from Venus' talent. She felt her nipples harden again. Her nipples were normally wide, but hardened like this, they puffed out and were more like funnels. They would be good to feed babies with, she realized.

She shook her head. No! Her mind fueled her talent; she was stronger than this!

---

The dwarf that used to be the hero Amazonia washed Psyche Girl with soap and a sponge after every session. The former hero looked miserable but wouldn't respond to Psyche Girl's questions.

Venus fed Psyche Girl nutrition shakes through a straw three times a day.

Psyche Girl's talent seemed to be gone.

---

Psyche Girl woke to the sound of a baby fussing and looked up. Venus was there, holding a baby that looked about a year old.

"That's Psyche Girl, hopefully your new Auntie," she said to the child.

Psyche Girl looked at the adorable baby and softened. Then she felt Venus' talent wash over her again, intensifying the desire for her own baby. Damnit! She stared daggers at the sidekick.

"That was him," Venus said, referring to the baby. "I think he likes you."

---

Psyche Girl gasped and awoke again, this time to the feel of Fleshrender's hand on her ankle once more. He was naked this time. For an older man, he was actually in pretty good shape, she noted in a dark recess of her mind.

Her headache had lessened. She hoped that meant that whatever he did to her talent was wearing off. She also found that she was incredibly turned on again. He was filling her with hormones, as he did the last time.

"My plan for you is clear, I hope. You were my secondary target in the museum raid. I mean to make you my woman, and the mother of my child. By your own choice, of course."

"Like Venus and Amazonia had a choice?" She spat at him.

He wiped the spittle from his face and then moved it to her arm. "Did you know that even our spit has the capacity to kill us, if the DNA of the germs in it are only slightly altered?"

She stared at him, and then gasped as her arm started to itch. She looked at where he had wiped her spittle, and her skin was turning black!

"Necrotizing fasciitis," he explained, "a particularly nasty variant. I need you, but not your arm."

The blackness spread, now covering her whole elbow. It was hurting!

"Please!"

"Please what?"

"Please stop this!"

"Please stop this...?"

Her arm was on fire! She didn't want to lose it to flesh-eating disease!

"Please stop it, Master!"

Abruptly her arm felt better. She looked at it, but it was still black where the fasciitis had spread. "Um..."

"I have done something for you, so now you do something for me. That's fair, isn't it?"

She looked at him fearfully.

"Yes?" he asked. After a moment, his smile started to turn down.

"Yes!"

"Good. Now ask me *nicely* to restore your arm." His hand remained on her ankle the whole time.

She took a breath and looked into his eyes. "Please, Master, please restore my arm."

Suddenly she was crying out in orgasm again. When she had calmed back down, the infection was gone, only a fading red blotch indicating that it was ever there.

"I really need to relieve myself," he confided in her. "You are just too fucking sexy, Psyche Girl. Venus!"

The voluptuous sidekick entered the room. "Yes, Master?"

"Undress and lean over Psyche Girl. Do whatever you want to her except touch her vagina."

"Ooh, yes, Master," she cooed as she shrugged out of her gown, got between Psyche Girl's legs, and bent over. The hero gasped at the warm skin on skin contact of Venus' larger breasts pressing against her stomach. At this angle, the sidekicks' head was lined up with Psyche Girl's breasts. Venus licked her lips at the sight. "Umph!" the former sidekick grunted as Fleshrender thrust his cock inside her.

"Oh!" Psyche Girl gasped as Venus' pelvis was pressed against her own vagina from that thrust.

"Ooh, Psyche Girl, Master's cock feels sooo good inside me..."

The hero felt awash in warmth as that thought was reinforced in her mind by Venus' talent. She gritted her teeth as Fleshrender began to withdraw and thrust into Venus, over and over, the force of it reverberating into her own vagina.

Venus examined the hero's breasts. "These are nice, Psyche Girl, but they'll get bigger when you're pregnant. Won't that be wonderful?" She brought her mouth to a nipple and sucked on it while her talent washed warmly over the bound woman again.

Fleshrender was grunting louder. "Ooh, Master, will you give me another baby now?" Venus gasped and then her eyes rolled back into her head as she came.

Another wave of warmth. No! Psyche Girl's pussy felt empty, her womb hollow, bereft of what it needed!

"Oop!" Venus was pulled back and spun around, out of the way. Fleshrender was now before Psyche Girl, his cock turgid, the head purple, directed at her vulnerable vagina, ready to blow as he stroked it.

She almost begged him to thrust it inside her, to fill her empty womb with his hot cum. Instead, she moaned, "No, please don't..." He thrust forward. "NOOO!"

But he didn't penetrate her. He directed the head of his cock above her vagina and below her stomach, where he then grunted and shot his warm sperm upon her.

"Oh, thank God..." she moaned, relieved. Part of her, a part that was growing, was dissatisfied with this outcome.

Then she noticed that at the angle of the bench she was strapped into, with her feet lower than her hips, his cum had started to slowly drip down, toward her crotch. She looked at it fearfully, but then relaxed when she realized that it would be trapped and absorbed into her pubic hair.

Fleshrender followed her eyes. "You know, I prefer a certain level of personal grooming..." He touched that region and she gasped as all of her pubic hair fell out. With a gust of his breath, that area was left bare, unprotected.

She stared as his sperm army slowly marched closer to her defenseless vagina, conquering the pubic plain and moving to the clitoral cliffs. Then Venus was whispering in her ear, "Oh, look at it...sooo sexy...don't you just want it inside you?"

"NooOOHH!" Psyche Girl moaned as she felt Venus' talent wash over her again. She *did* want it...no, she didn't!

Her waist was held fast by one of the bench's straps, so she couldn't angle her hips to avoid what was happening.

She saw his cum finally reach her clit. She hoped that organ was engorged enough to stop his stuff from moving further down. His sperm gathered there, like lemmings at a cliff, the slowpokes pushing from the rear, making the ones on the edge teeter...

Then the pressure exceeded the tolerance of the fluid and the puddle spilled over the edge. She couldn't see his cum as it inundated her vaginal lips, but a vision of it filled her mind, and then as she felt Fleshrender touch her inner thigh she orgasmed hard. "Uhh! Oh Goddd..."

"That's where his cum belongs, Psyche Girl...going inside you..." Venus said as the hero felt another wave of the sidekick's talent warm her body, even as another powerful orgasm ripped through her.

"Holy shit," Fleshrender commented.

Breathing heavily as she recovered from the orgasmic attack, Psyche Girl looked down. Fleshrender's entire front, from his chest down to his knees, was slick and dripping with her cum. She realized that her flood of orgasmic juices had probably washed his sperm away from her pussy, and she laughed.

"Wasn't expecting laughter, but okay," Fleshrender said before he went to go clean up. As he headed through the door, he called back, "Well done, Venus. You're still my favorite."

"Eee!" the bubbly sidekick squeed and hopped as she came back around, between Psyche Girl's legs again. "Hmm..." She reached forward and scooped up the remainder of Fleshrender's sperm that was still on and around the hero's clit, making her shudder at the touch. "It really does belong in there," she said.

"Venus, don't..."

The sidekick considered her spermy finger. "But he said I couldn't touch your pussy. What to do, what to do...? Oh, I know!" She tensed that finger against her thumb and then flicked the gob at Psyche Girl's pussy. The hero felt the sperm hit and stay between her vaginal lips, and she moaned. Another wash of Venus' talent made her wish that the woman had just pushed Fleshrender's dangerous seed deep inside.

Then she was left alone, defeated and miserable. As she cried, she looked at her bonds with hatred. MOVE! she screamed in her head. For a moment nothing happened, and then the leather of the strap shifted slightly. That little movement exhausted her, though, and soon she fell asleep.

---

"I have to take a shit," she told Fleshrender and Venus as they came back for another round of positive reinforcement, "but please PLEASE don't make Amazonia eat it."

"Hmm, very well," Fleshrender answered, "but Amazonia will make sure that you don't try anything. She still has her strength, even in her diminutive form."

They unfastened Psyche Girl's bonds and she rubbed at her wrists and ankles. Then she followed the brown dwarf down the hall to the bathroom.

The first thing she did in the bathroom was to try to wipe any remaining sperm from her vaginal lips, but it looked like it had dried in the intervening time. She hoped it had dried, anyway, and not slipped inside.

"Amazonia, is there anything of you left in there?" Psyche Girl asked quietly as she took care of her bodily needs.

"Hmp," the transformed hero grunted as she sat on the bathroom tile and watched her charge empty her bowels.

Psyche Girl tried her telepathy. Her telekinesis was getting stronger, but it was still difficult to unbuckle one of her bonds, let alone all of them in time to mount an escape. She reached out with her mind, probing the defeated hero's. The psychic still wasn't powerful enough to do anything blatant, but she could see that a lot of Amazonia's core personality was tied into her original form. As she finished and washed her hands, she planted a small command with a specific trigger into Amazonia's mind and hoped that it would be enough. The exertion of using her talent, though, weakened her body and caused her to stagger on the way back to her room -- no, the room she was being held prisoner, she reminded herself.

She considered a person who had experienced spinal damage, and how weak they would be as they tried to learn to walk again. Whatever Fleshrender had done to her might be like that, and her brain was trying to compensate. She would have to keep working at it.

"Master?" she asked as he re-fastened her arms while the others did her legs.

"Hmm? Oh, good girl, you called me Master." He touched her shoulder and she orgasmed, though not enough to squirt again.

"Huh...huhh...please...hasn't Amazonia been a faithful servant?"

He regarded the dwarf. "I suppose she has..."

"You turned her that way because she couldn't have children, but that's not her fault, is it?"

He stood there, considering. "True...I was disappointed at first, and then when I found that my talent could not make her fertile, due to the magic that gave her her immortality, I was furious." He turned to Psyche Girl. "You wish me to change her back?"

"Please, Master..." Another orgasm washed over her. "...unhh..."

"And what will you do for me if I agree to your request?"

"I..." No, she couldn't! But she really wanted to!

He sighed. "I see that we still have some work to do, but I want your choice to be made without a favor dirtying it up. I will consider restoring Amazonia to her original form, and it will not depend on your decision. As you say, she has been a faithful servant, and she's really quite disgusting like that. Away with you!" He waved his hand dismissively, and the brown dwarf scurried from the room.

---

The next two days were gruelling. Fleshrender and Venus double-teamed her each day, him continuing to make her orgasm at the sight of his hard cock, and as a reward for calling him "Master", and her reinforcing the feelings of love and desire in Psyche Girl's head after each orgasm and naughty whisper in her ear. The bound hero's head was left spinning, and her orgasm-wracked body didn't have enough energy left for her to focus her talent afterward. She practically passed out each evening.

---

The next morning, all three of her captors entered her room. "You made a good point, my dear, so I am granting your wish." He touched Amazonia's diminutive body and concentrated. As they watched, the dwarf screamed as her extremities grew out from her torso, and the pustules that covered her skin faded. After a few minutes, standing tall and naked, was the statuesque hero of legend, the Nubian princess of power herself, Amazonia, breathing heavily.

Fleshrender stepped back a little unsteadily and regarded her. "Damn, I do good work! I had almost forgotten what you looked like, you sexy amazon. When we're done with Psyche Girl I think we may need to have a foursome!" And then he turned to the other two women, beaming.

"Master!" Venus screamed.

Amazonia had snapped the mop handle in two and thrust the sharp end at Fleshrender's heart. He stepped back, but found that it hadn't even broken the skin. Something held the towering hero back. She struggled against it. Then the handle broke into two pieces, then four, eight, and sixteen. Now no part of it was usable as a weapon. She dropped the piece she still held and reached forward to crush Fleshrender's skull.

Instead, she found herself hovering in mid-air, kept perfectly centered in the available space of the room, unable to touch anything in order to make any headway, try as she might. She screamed in frustration.

Fleshrender turned to look at Psyche Girl, who was concentrating on holding Amazonia in mid-air. Her bonds unraveled, and both he and Venus rushed forward to stop their prisoner from escaping. Both were pushed back by an invisible force and held against the wall.

Psyche Girl walked up to Fleshrender with grim determination.

He grimaced. "You stopped her from killing me because you're not that kind of hero?" he asked her as he struggled against her talent. "And now you're going to 'take me in', is that it?"

"No, Master."

Then he was floating through the air and pressed, spread-eagled, into the bench on his back. The bindings fastened firmly about him.

Psyche Girl had woken that morning to find her full power restored. She turned and released the legendary hero.

"Finally!" Amazonia smiled. "Come on, Psyche Girl, we'll call the Justice Warriors and get this filth taken care...offff..." Then she swooned and dropped to her knees as Psyche Girl removed the psychic modification she had made to the woman's mind two days ago. "Oh nooo...oh, Master, what has Amazonia done?"

Venus found that she was able to move once Psyche Girl had switched from telekinesis to telepathy, and was working at her master's bonds when she felt an overwhelming urge to leave the room and take care of her child. Amazonia found herself compelled to go and clean the bathroom.

Finally alone, Psyche Girl turned to Fleshrender. She raised her hand, and suddenly his clothes were shredded apart.

"What--?" he goggled, suddenly naked.

She moved forward, her hips sashaying sexily. "I know this was a surprise, Master, but I ask that you indulge me, unless you really want out of those bonds. If so, the safeword is...hmm...Skyler."

"Safeword?"

She clambered up onto the bench, straddling him.

The stupid cow, he thought, now that she's touching me, she's in my power now!

Then she kissed him, and all of his thoughts flew out the window (not that there was a window in his underground lair). Then he realized...

He broke the kiss. "It worked! You want me!"

She smiled as she used her telekinesis to stroke his penis back to full hardness. "About time, Master. Now, are you going to give me what I want?"

She positioned her dripping pussy above his now hard and ready cock.

He nodded.

She sank her very hot, wet hole down upon his manhood, making them both moan.

As he used his talent through their bodily contact to manipulate her hormones again, glands around her cervix began manufacturing mucous. As she rubbed her breasts on his chest they started to feel a little sore as her body ramped up its fertility. Then she felt a slight pinching sensation off to the side of her abdomen as one of her ovaries released an egg.

"Oh fuck!" he yelled as he came, filling her now fertile pussy with his seed.

She stopped and looked at him, incredulous. "Really? All this time building me up, and that was it?" She tried to continue riding his cock, but she could feel that it was already deflating. "Make it hard again!"

He looked sheepish. "I'm sorry. I can only manipulate other flesh and not my own. You're so fucking sexy, and I guess I must have a bondage fetish I was unaware of? Here..."

And then she was cumming hard. "Oh fuuuucckkk! Aahhhhaa..." Some of the sperm he had spurted inside her was sucked up by her spasming cervix and deposited into her very fertile womb, where the aforementioned egg had a better than average chance of encountering them.

"Again!" she commanded. "Unnhhgg! Ohgodd...so fucking good...why did I ever fight you?"

"You had your reasons," he responded, "they just don't matter anymore, do they?"

"No," she agreed.

"Skyler." He said, and then felt his bonds come loose. "Oh...I was just going to ask why that was your safeword?" he asked as he draped his arms around his new lover.

"That's my name," she replied.

"Ahh. Well, we'll have to change safewords, then, Skyler, as I think that suits you better than 'Psyche Girl'."

"I didn't pick it. Media, remember?"

"Right. Fuckin' media...well, you can call me Terry," he revealed.

"Terry? Who can we blame for that one?"

"My parents."

"Fuckin' parents."

---

They did have that foursome Terry suggested the next night, Amazonia incredibly happy to finally get some sexual relief after being trapped in a disgusting body for over a year. Terry's sperm, though, went only inside Skyler, even though she was pretty certain that he had already impregnated her the previous day.

"I may have given your boys a little telekinetic boost," she revealed.

"Ah, lovely," he replied, and placed his hand on her newly pregnant tummy.

She tilted her head to regard him. "Why me?" she asked.

He knew what she meant. "I'm getting older. When I captured Venus I thought I might be satisfied with a family, but I read an erotic story where a dying mind controller transferred his consciousness into another body. I was hoping you..." He left off.

She looked at him. "I don't know what kind of crap you've been reading, but even if I was a hundred times more powerful than I am, that would be impossible, Terry."

"Fuckin' erotica writers," he growled.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)