This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions
of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes.  If
you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is
illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here.

Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not
enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities.

Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that
you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and
are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories.

The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or
other entities is purely coincidental.

=======================================================

A week passed, during which time I was busy making contacts in an
attempt to reduce Barbaras debt to me.  While there were any
number people who wanted her, there just didnt seem to be a good
matchup, that is until the doorbell rang one afternoon.

What luck, there stood Andy, who did projects around Barbara and
Denises neighborhood.  I know you, I said, arent you Andy.  Yes
sir, he said with a smile.  Im looking for some work.  What do
you do, I asked.  I can do some light repairs, clean ups,
outdoors work and so on, he said.  You work alone or have a
partner I asked.  Either way, on some things I have Tommy help. 
And whos Tommy, I asked.   He lives over here near you, he said.
 We use to be neighbors, but his folks moved, but were still
friends, he said.

Needing some work around the house, I had Andy get busy with the
various jobs.  His work was excellent and he always asked about
how I wanted things arranged before just rushing in and messing
up.  Over a short time we managed to talk and he told me about
living on the other side of town and working on odd jobs to save
money for a car.

We talked about his neighbors and he mentioned Denise and doing
some work for her.  I asked him if he ever did any work for
Denises friend, Barbara and he replied that he hadnt, but would
like to.  What do that mean, I asked.  Shes hot, he explained. 
What do you mean by that, I asked.  Dont know, just know shes
really sexy.  Isnt she a little old for you, I asked.  I
suppose, but well, shesgee I dont know, its just that shes
really big you know.  Oh, I said, you mean shes got big tits. 
Yeah, and compared to the girls my age.shes hot.  Shes
married, isnt she, I asked.

Yea, but her old man doesnt know how lucky he is, he went on to
say, I mean shes one hot sexy lady.  And where I met you at
Denises house, what about her.  Oh shes sexy too, but Barbara
is sexier he said.

As the days went on, we had a few more tasks completed and from
time to time, Id make a comment or two about Barbara and Denise.
 Andy would just laugh and say something like, yeah sure and
leave it at that.

When we finished up, I was prepared to pay him, but instead
asked.  Andy, Im wondering, whats more important to you, the
money I owe you or if you could, having Barbara be your sex
slave.  Oh come on, dont kid me like that, he said.  What do you
mean, I said.  Well, I need the money and doubt that Id ever be
able to have Barbara as my sex slave or anything else for that
matter.

If you could, I said, what would it be worth.Im just wondering.
 He laughed and said, since shes a slave, guess shed work for
free, so Ill keep the money and enjoy her as well.  Good answer
I said.  Now if, just if, I was able to produce Barbara would you
be a willing participant in being filmed with her.   You mean a
porn film, he said.  Sure, why not, but I know you cant produce
her, so what the heck.

Regardless, I said, lets pretend that I can.  Youd have to agree
that whatever happened between the two of you didnt get carried
over elsewhere.  What do you mean, he asked.  Well, for example,
you couldnt be bragging to Tommy or others in the neighborhood.
Okay, sure.and I said, when youd see her in the neighborhood,
youd have to be respectful.  I understand he said, sure no
problem, but you cant produce her as you say, so what does it
matter.

Doesnt I said, but again, if I could, what would you have her
do, I asked.  Dont know exactly, he said, probably undress and
then, you knowfuck her.   Oh, come on now, I said, you need more
imagination than that.  Look, he said, you get her, and Ill do
the rest.    Youve got to me sure here Andy, because remember
there will be photos, so opportunity cant be wasted.

Sure sure, he said.like it will really happen.  Tommy know
Barbara, I asked.  Yep, he always had the hots for her too.  One
day he was walking by her house and she came out to get the paper
or something.  Anyway, she bent over and Tommy saw down her
dress.  Only thing he could talk about for a week.

Think hed be interested in this also, I asked.  Sure, hed kill
to see her tits, was the reply.  Well double check with him, and
well see what can be worked out, I said.  You serious asked
Andy.  Yes, I said, very, but well have to talk some before
hand, and if we proceed, I said.  WOW, I dont believe this, but
okay, Im ready said Andy.   Check with Tommy, I said.

The following morning I received a call from Andy saying that he
spoke to Tommy, and neither can believe, but both were willing. 
I said that was fine, and that the 3 of us would have to get
together and have a discussion prior to meeting with Barbara.

When I first met Tommy I was a little surprised, as he was a much
larger build than Andy, but never the less still a young man.  I
assured them that Barbara would cooperate, but that more than a
fuck feast would be necessary.  We went over the details of some
of the things expected and then they left to await my call.

I called Barbara and arranged for her to be at my place the
following day.  At about 10:30 the doorbell rang and Barbara was
standing there.  I opened the door for her and waved her inside.
She was in a silk print blouse, plus a somewhat flared skirt.

You doing okay, I asked.  Yes, I suppose so.  Still nice and
shaved, I asked.  Yes.  What did your husband say, I asked.  Its
okay, I guess, she said.  Thats not what I asked, I said, now
what happened.  Well he was surprised, but was okay with it, she
said.

Good, now do you have money to pay your debt, I asked.   No, not
yet, she said, but next week Ill have some more cash.  Were
talking today Barbara, not next week.   Silence.   Finally, she
said, okay, what more do you want of me?

Have a seat, I said, and lets go over things.  First of all you
owe me ten grand.  Youll either give me the money or   Or what,
she asked.  Or were going to have to work to resolve the debt,
which is in fact the ten grand plus interest.  Oh, so youre a
loan shark she said.  No, not really, but you must admit that the
ten grand is costing me interest, so surely I shouldnt have to
lose on the investment.

Anyway, take a look before we continuing talking, I said passing
her an envelope.  Barbara reached for the envelope and opened it
pulling out a glossy 8 X 10 color photo of her and Denise.  The
scream was not ear shattering, however it did confirm her
understanding.

Look at the rest, I said.  No, please..LOOK, I commanded.  Hand
shaking, she removed each of the photos one by one and looked at
them.   They showed her holding Denises tits, licking her
nipples and holding open her own pussy while smiling for the
camera before sucking my cock.

Barbara, I said, you can walk out the door now, or anytime for
that matter, but know that a complete set of photos will be
delivered to your husbands workplace, some of your neighbors and
certain photos to where you visit or shop.  These photos are my
insurance, because anytime you could have told me to go to hell
and walked out and frankly Id have one hell of a hard time
collecting the money in a court of law.

Barbara sat there staring with no movement.  Ready to continue, I
asked.  She nodded her head and mumbled, Im listening.   Okay,
then, I said.  Besides all else, as you might have guessed Im a
little more advanced in my hobby of photography than the average
amateur.  I have many thousands of dollars in equipment and enjoy
my hobby.

As my expertise grew, so did other areas and now I am somewhat
known for my work in a group of collectors from around the world.
  She continued to sit in silence.  So, what this mean to you is
that one of my clients, collector friends, located on the
opposite coast finds you to be attractive and is interested in
paying for a private one only exclusive of you.

And you want me to  her voice trailed off.   Ill be directing
you in a video, I said, and well be making it today.  The client
is paying for the video, $2500 of which will be applied to your
overall debt.


Please, Id rather not, she said.  Fine, I said, then reach in
your purse and pay me what you owe me.  You know I cant do that,
she said.  Then looks like were back to where we started, I
said.  Barbara hung her head down and mumbled okay, and these
pictures  Strictly for a private collector, I said.  Which
means, she asked.  That they will be held by the private
collector in his collection on the opposite coast of the United
States.  Also, he does not know you, your name, or how to contact
you.  He also has no idea as to where I am located, so even if he
comes looking he doesnt know where to start.

OK, what do you want me to do, she asked.  Patience, I said, your
co-stars will be here shortly.  Co-stars she almost screamed. 
Yes, I said, client wants pure amateur from start to finish.   I
cant, I mean someone else, she stammered.

Barbara, I saidlisten to me very very carefully.  #1, you will
do as your told when and how, or Ill make copies of the pictures
with you and Denise and see that your husband, family and friends
all manage to get copies, plus will post them all around, do you
understand me?   Yes, she said.  Good, then enjoy the rest of the
day, I snapped back.

We sat in stone silence for about 10 minutes till the doorbell
rang.  I got up, walked around the room and turned on three
different video cameras all of which fed to video recorders. 
Then proceeding to the door and ushered in Andy and Tommy.

Entering the room where Barbara was seated, she looked up and saw
the two boys.   What.she started to say, but was cut off by Andy
saying Hi, Mrs. Allen.   Hi Mrs. Allen chimed in Tommy.   She was
for a few very long seconds like the deer caught in the
headlights until she snapped back to reality when she heard Tommy
say, you sure do have big tits.

Andy then said, how about some wiggle giggle Mrs. Allen.  Barbara
looked at them dumbfounded until he continued by saying, stand up
now and shake your tits.  Looking over at me, I motioned with my
hand towards the guys, and said, okay guys, lets stop that and
listen up, okay.   Both Andy and Tommy looked at me and didnt
say a word.

Thank you, I said.  Now Barbara, Mrs. Allen, has agreed to be
here, so were not in some cheap bar somewhere with a lot of
hooting and yelling, do you understand.  Yes, they said.  Good,
Im glad we all understand, I said.  Now, for each of you, here
is a basic outline of how this is going to happen.

The list handed to the guys was an outline of asking Barbara
questions and to display herself, while the list given to Barbara
was just a simple statement to comply and seek the boys approval
before continuing.  I also informed her that any reference to her
as Mrs Allen would be deleted along with anything else that may
identify who she was or where she was.

Now are we ready, I asked not waiting for an answer.  Guys, the
lady is very flattered that you find her so attractive and
because of this as well as knowing you each for sometime, has
agreed to help fulfill your fantasies.

Andy, I said

Barbara looked towards Andy, who said, Mrs. Allen, Ive worked
around the neighborhood and seen you around on the street, houses
where I worked and you always looked, like today, hot.  I always
thought how lucky your old man was to have you and wondered about
it.  Now, I wont wonder no more.

Tommy chimed in, bet you dont remember one day when I was near
your house and you were outside do you.  No, I dont, replied
Barbara.  Well you were bending over and looked up and smiled at
me and stayed that way.  I could see your titties and I even told
Andy about it, didnt I Andy.

Guys, I said, if you want this to happen, then stay within the
boundries, okay.  Okay, sorry, said Andy.
Barbara looked towards Tommy, then Andy.okay she whispered, what
can I do for you.

Stand up straight and walk around so we can get a good look at
you Tommy said.  Damn, youve got nice tits said Andy.how big
are they?   38 she said.  Damn, thats nice he said.  Barbara
continued to walk around the room from one end towards the other
and back again.  As she approached the middle of the room Tommy
said, now Mrs. Allen take off your blouse.

Barbara hesitated some, looked towards me, then began to unbutton
her blouse.  Pulling it from her skirt, she continued to undo the
remaining buttons and slipped the blouse from her shoulders. 
Holy shit, was Andys comment as Barbara stood before them in her
bra, looking and perhaps waiting for a reprieve that wasnt to
happen.

Do you always wear a bra like that, asked Tommy.  I dont
understand, said Barbara, dont you like it, she asked.  Oh I
like it very much said Tommy, dont you Andy, he asked.  Yea, he
said you can sort of see everything, but not really he continued.
 Bend over said Tommy.   Like this, said Barbara, bending
forward.  Yes, now we can see your tits.  Do you like them, asked
Barbara, getting into the swing of things.

Sure do said the boys.  This any better, asked Barbara as she
pushed a strap off her shoulder and the side of the cup flipped
down exposing more of her.  Oh yea, said Andy, your boobs look so
nice like that, all full and ripe, will you push them together
for me, he asked.  Like this, asked Barbara as she pulled her
arms closer to her and squeezed herself together.   Well, take
off the bra said Tommy.

Barbara, straightened up and  turned her back before reaching
behind herself to unfasten the bra.  Then crossing her arms she
slid the straps from her shoulders and finally pulled the cups
away freeing her tits from their captivity as she tossed the bra
to the side.

As Barbara turned back to face us, Tommy continued by asking, Mr.
Allen like your tits?  Yes, I suppose so, Barbara shyly replied.
 What does he like to do, Tommy continued.  I dont understand,
said Barbara.  Well does he squeeze your tits, fuck your tits,
what, declared Tommy.  He like to touch me, she nervously
replied.  Show me, Tommy demanded.

Barbara raised her hands and cupped herself and began to squeeze
her tits, then slid her fingers forward and grasped her nipples
and pinched and rolled them between her fingers.  Andy couldnt
contain himself any longer.  Giggle your tits he shouted.  Go
ahead said Tommy.  Barbara moved her shoulders some and her large
boobs began to sway to the motion.

Is this what you like, asked Barbara?  She then continued to move
about some and then bent forward bracing herself with her hands
on her knees.  What about this, she asked, as she took one hand
and cupped herself and pointed the nipple towards the guys.  Nice
and warm and soft yet firm, she said as she squeezed herself and
worked her thumb and forefinger towards her nipple.

It was becoming somewhat evident now that Barbara was realizing
or had realized her position and needed to try and take over. 
She glanced over towards me, and I gave her a smile with a thumbs
up sign.

She then asked, have you boys ever touched a girl before?  Andy,
what about you, she asked.  Yes, he said, but their tits were
smaller than yours.  Do my tits look as good as the other girls,
she asked?  Yes, he about shouted.  Tommy, she asked, what about
you, you like my tits?

Yes, he said, and Im not a virgin, and take the rest off.   Just
like that, Barbara asked.  I thought you boys would like to watch
real slow like.  Isnt that what the girls in the clubs do, she
asked?  But, this isnt a club, he replied our agreement was that
youd do as we ask.

Well,okay, then said, Barbara and reached to begin to unzip her
skirt when Andy, said, wait, no I mean go slow, he said. 
Barbara, then continued by unfastening the skirt, and slid it
over her hips and slipped down her legs pooling itself on the
floor.  You like my panties, she asked?

While certainly not bikini panties, they were thigh-highs and had
a lot of lace in the fabric.  Barbara turned around and asked
again if they like her panties?  Yes, they are very pretty said
Tommy.  Yea, I like them too said Andy.  Do you always wear
panties like that?

Well sometimes I just wear some plain cotton panties, but on
special days, like today, I like to wear these so I can share
them with you.  You look sexy with your tits and panties said
Tommy.   You walk around like this for your husband, he asked.

Yes, sometimes, said Barbara.  He ever take pictures of you?  No.
 But youve seen pinup pictures havent you, asked Andy.  Yes, I
suppose so.  Ever watch a porn film?  Yes.  Really?   Yes.  Tell
us about it, said Tommy.  What do you want to know, Barbara
asked.

Well, who was there watching, what was in the film, you know,
what when on.   Well it was some time ago, so I dont remember
everything.  Try, said Tommy.  Well we were invited to a party at
another couples house, and there were 6 of us all together. 
After dinner, we went into the den and the host put on this porn
tape.

At first we were all laughing and making comments about the
people in the movie.  What did the movie show, asked Tommy.   You
know.  No, I dont, thats why I asked, he said.  Well there was
one girl with 2 or 3 guys, then another girl showed up and the 2
girls were together, things like that.  Did you like that?  Like
what, asked Barbara?  Seeing the people fucking, said Tommy. 
Some of it, was okay, I guess, she said.

What were you guys doing in the room, asked Andy.  Watching the
movie, said Barbara.  You mean you werent fooling around or
anything.  No.  So everyone just sat there and watch the movie. 
Yes, pretty much so, she said.

Now show and tell us about your panties, said Tommy.  They cover
me in the front and in the back, but as you can see there are no
sides.  Roll it down some, so its like youre wearing a bikini
said Tommy.  Barbara began to roll the fabric down and then
asked, is this okay?

Yes, now Mrs. Allen, walk around some so I can see your bikini
and your tits giggle.  Damn, thats hot said Andy, now play with
your tits and rub your pussy he continued.  Barbara reached for
her breast and began to squeeze herself and pinch her nipple for
the boys.  She then took her free hand and moved it to rub over
the outside of her panty.

So you masterbate, asked Tommy.  Yes, sometimes she said.  Does
your husband watch, he asked?  No, said Barbara.  You use a toy
or just your fingers?  Both, she said.  Is your nipple getting
hard, asked Andy.  Yes, she said.  And your pussy, he continued.
Im a little wet, she said.  Then take off your panties, so we
dont ruin them, joked Tommy or dont you want Andy and I to see
your pussy.

Barbara didnt say a word, but immediately pushed the rolled
panty over her hips and let it fall to the floor where she
stepped out of it keeping her heels on.  Wow, shes shaved, said
Andy.  Do you always shave your pussy, asked Tommy.  No, not
always.   Now show us more, he said.

Barbara, turned around and then leaned forward and spread her
legs.  Now you should be able to see my pussy and my asshole. 
Not quite, said Tommy, spread your cheeks.  Barbara reached
behind and grabbed her left cheek and pulled it so as to open the
crack to where her anus could be seen.  This better, she asked. 
Yes, thats good, was the reply.

If you look between my legs Ill bet you can also see my tits
hanging down cant you.  Your hubby fuck you this way, asked
Andy.  Sometimes, replied Barbara.  Next she turned around and
raised a leg on to the table and said, now you can see my 46 year
old pussy.  Do you like it, she asked, as she used her hand to
spread her pussy open.

Yea said Andy, and he reached his hand out and ran his fingers
over Barbara labia.  Oh, please dont, said Barbara.  Why not,
said Andy.  Just, please, she said.  You can look, but her voice
trailed off.  Here she said to Andy, look, now Im going to open
my pussy for you so you can see everything.  Hows that, she
asked, do you like my pussy.  Is it as pretty as the others
youve seen, she asked?

Tell me how you like to fuck, said Tommy.  What do you mean,
asked Barbara.  Just what I said, how do you like to fuck, top,
bottom, how?  I like to be on top, she said.

Come here and undress me, said Tommy.  Barbara approached the two
boys who were seated and stopped in front of them.  Oh hell, said
Andy as he reached out and grabbed Barbaras breasts.  As he
began to play with her nipples, Barbara moaned some and he told
her to bend over.   As she bent forward the full size and weight
of her tits took shape and hung beneath her.  Andy could handle
it, and within a few seconds was squirming out of his pants, now
wet with pre-cum.

Tommy got up and moved behind Barbara spreading her legs and
cheeks apart as he ran his hands and fingers over her pussy. 
Andy really needs a blowjob he said, and Barbara grasped Andys
cock and brought it to her open mouth, where she kissed and
licked its pink head.

Andy continued to play with her tits as she concentrated her
efforts on his cock.  Fuck me, she cried suddenly, and thrust
herself back onto Tommys hand.  He withdrew his hand and
positioned his cock at her entranceway before sliding into her
wet pussy.

In no time Tommy and Barbara were pounding at each other  and she
was also busy sucking Andys cock in a complete rhythm between
the two boys.  Suddenly, she screamed as her orgasm hit her.  The
muscles of her vagina contracted and expanded as she went through
the throes of her orgasm.  This ensured that Tommy lose control
and shot his load.

As they disengaged, Barbara started to get up, but Tommy stopped
her and directed her to lick him clean.
Barbara cleaned his cock which she proceeded to do while Andy
pulls at her tits and pinched her nipples.
Barbara had another small organism a began fingering herself
while asking / begging to be fucked again.

Barbara lowered herself to the floor and the two boys joined her,
standing on either side of her.  She immediately grabbed their
cocks and started licking and sucking on each in turn. Please,
she said, please someone fuck me, I need it so bad.

Tommy said, okay, Andy, lay down and Mrs. Allen, you get on your
hands and knees over him.  Andy quickly moved as instructed and
Barbara began to mount Andy, as she reached and guided his
swollen cock towards her pussy.  Hold on Tommy said, as he moved
behind her and guided his cock against her anus.

Its sandwich time he said as he pushed and her muscle resisted,
but then relaxed so his cock head slipped into her.  Then slowly,
he pushed and stroked her as more and more of his swollen cock
was push inside her.  Okay Andy, now into her pussy, and Andy
began to guide his cock into Barbara and soon she was able to
feel both cocks separated by the thin tissue wall.

Andy began to torture her tits by pulling them by the nipple as
he stretched each to the limit.  Tommy then said, Mrs. Allen, you
going to let us fuck you again, or should we stop now, he asked.
 No no, please dont stop, fuck me she begged.  Will we see you
again, he asked.  Yes, yes, anything she begged.

Okay, Andy, said Tommy.together.  And together they both started
to fuck Barbara ass and pussy.  Barbara couldnt believe the
sensation, two cock both pounding her at the same time, she never
felt so full and the hurt of Andy pulling on her tits was now
also exciting her.

Tommy then said, alternate, and then pulled back on his cock from
Barbara ass while Andy pushed his into her pussy.  Then as Andy
pulled back, Tommy pushed forward.  Again Barbara was driven to
the very edge as she felt first one cock pounding into her pussy
and then suddenly it was gone and another was into her ass.  Her
moan became more intense and suddenly she screamed as her first
release rocked her from head to toe.

She began to feel each cock swell as they too got ready for their
release which would flood her pussy and bowel with their cum. 
Please cum in me, she begged as she once again started to climb
higher and higher to be once again rocked by her own climax.  And
then she felt the final swelling of each of their cocks burried
inside her and then the bursting and feeling of the hot cum
filling each of her holes.  Slowly as each shrinking cock
withdrew from her she came down from her high and began to catch
her breath.

However, before fully regaining her senses, the boys sat her up
against the sofa and then Tommy pulled her legs up, holding them
against her shoulders as he sat behind her using his legs to pin
her arms.  Andy lay on the floor inches away from her raised legs
and dripping pussy and asshole.  Play with her tits he said to
Tommy, who immediately grasped each and began to squeeze and
pinch them.

Barbara started to moan and tried to squirm some, but Tommy held
her firmly in place.  Mrs. Allen, said Andy, you sure do have a
pretty pussy, do you know that.  Oh, please she said.  Please
what, asked Tommy.  My tits, Im so soreplease not so hard. 
Sorry, said Tommy, would you like to suck my cock.  Yes, yes said
Barbara, please let me suck you.  Okay, he said, just as soon as
Andy finishes what he wants to do.

What, questioned Barbara.  Mrs. Allen, said Andy, do you like
this as he began to finger her pussy.  Yes, it feels good, she
said.  Andy, then continued silently for a few minutes, then
managed to insert his 2nd and 3rd fingers into Barbaras pussy. 
Moaning softly, Barbara was enjoying the attention and Tommy had
repositioned himself offering his cock to Barbaras lips.

Suddenly Barbara stiffened and removed Tommys cock from her
mouth, saying No, no please dont.  But it was too late, Andy had
put his entire hand into Barbaras cunt where he began to twist
his wrist and wiggle his fingers in every direction hitting her G
spot and nerve endings countless times.

As Tommy let Barbara lose, she began thrashing around on the
floor, tearing at her breasts, tossing her head and moaning and
screaming as Andy continued to fist her causing her to have one
organism after another, until she finally lay still his hand
still buried in her.  As he began to withdraw his fist from her,
with each motion, she moaned and thrust her hips seeking to
further fuck his hand.  Finally, Andy pulled his hand free with a
quiet popping sound and Barbara extended her legs as air rushed
from her lungs as she just relaxed.

Andy moved to her head, and pushed his cock to her lips where she
began slowing sucking on him as she lay there and suddenly he
filled her mouth with his cum, which she swallowed and licked his
cock clean.  Barbara began to regain her strength and started to
get up when Tommy asked her if she liked his and Andys cocks.

Yes, she replied.  And what about your husbands cock, is he
bigger than us or what, he pushed the subject.
Youre all about the same said Barbara.  But, said Tommy, how
much cock can you take in your pussy and thats what we want you
to show us now, he continued.

Please Barbara said, Im too tired now.  Havent you seen enough,
she asked.  Well, if we agree to hold off, will you come back
asked Tommy.   Yes, Ill come back, she said.  And, of course, do
as we ask, he added.  Yes, yes she whispered.  Okay then said
Tommy, sit up so Andy and I can say good bye to you, for now.

Barbara sat up as the boys sat on either side of her and each
began to play with the tit closest to them, then each began to
finger her pussy and tease her clit with their free hand.    As
Barbara once again started to moan and move her hips trying to
capture their fingers in her pussy, they stopped and reminded her
of her promise to return and do as they say.  Then, in parting,
Andy once again told Barbara,  Nice tits Mrs. Allen.

The boys were dressed and out the door in a very short order as
Barbara headed to the bathroom to clean up as she put it.   I
could hear the shower running so I tossed her a douche and told
her to get totally clean.

Coming out of the shower, Barbara was surprised to see me sitting
there and clutched the towel to cover herself.  Is this
necessary, she asked, indicating my being there.  Why not, I
answered, not much I havent see, is there.

What happens to the film, she asked as she started to dry off. 
What do you mean, I asked.  Well, I know the camera were running,
so Id like to know, she said.

Okay, I said, I credited your account with what I owe you for the
show, and now the film is mine I said.  And what are you going to
do with it, she asked.  As I told you,  I have a friend who is a
collector and hes expressed an interest, so nothing else to for
now.  Any chance of my getting more credit she asked.  Dont
know, I said, lets see what happens, shall we, I asked.

I left and Barbara finished dressing.  As she was coming from the
bathroom she headed for her purse and was getting ready to leave.
 Barbara, I said, before you leave, Ill take a blow job.  She
looked at me, wide eyed, as I continued, and be sure nothing
drips on your blouse I said.  Ten minutes later, Barbara walked
out the door to her car for the drive home.

Meanwhile I had an important business meeting coming up and I
wanted to be certain that Denise would be attending.

Calling Denise I told her of the meeting and instructed her to be
there.  She said she would, as if she had a choice, then went on
to ask what was happening with Barbara.  Why, I asked.  Well, she
said she called her, and she was quite distant and really didnt
want to talk to her, so she was just wondering, nothing more.

I told her that Barbara still had financial problems from her
habit, but I guess was trying to work it out, and dismissed the
inquiry.  Denise then asked if she needed to wear anything
special for dinner, and I told her no, just dress like a lady.



