Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 12 - My Nightmare (Part 1)

"Mmmm, Mikey, right there!" she whispered sensually as I finally let my fingers move directly onto her stiff nipples. I had been teasing her for several minutes during the massage, avoiding them on purpose and letting the anticipation build. I guess I should back up and explain why I would be giving my little sis a breast massage in the first place.

It all started while on vacation. As part of a risky dare, Lucy had been forced to spend all day on the beach topless in just her bikini bottoms. The tender white skin of her exposed breasts was not used to so much sun. She had only narrowly avoided a sunburn with the help of some very special lotion. A man at a local surf shop named Surfer Dave had sold us his personal recipe of sun balm that he called his "Special Sauce".

He demonstrated how to apply the lotion by standing behind Lucy right there in the store and massaging it directly into her little exposed chest. The stuff worked like magic, and she was immediately hooked. There was only one problem. Surfer Dave did not come with the bottle. That's where I come into the picture.

On vacation, I had stepped in and given her a couple more applications just like Dave had demonstrated. I should have anticipated she would want more treatments even after we returned home. She was practically addicted to that lotion!

The first time she came to me was so cute. We had been home only a few days but were already settling back into the routine of life. I was in the living room after school one day watching TV. I looked up to see her standing in the doorway holding the jar of lotion with a meek but hopeful expression on her face. She was still wearing her school clothes, a pretty pale spring dress with strappy sandals. Her blonde hair was down with a matching plastic band holding it back from her face.

"Um, Mikey?" she asked, slightly embarrassed about the request, but clearly determined to follow through with it, "would you mind...um...giving me another treatment?"

Of course, I immediately nodded my head. No one in their right mind would turn down a request like that. Her feet tip-tapped a little happy dance while she practically spun in place trying to reach the zipper on her back. She acted so childish sometimes. When she finally reached her zipper, she shrugged her dress to the ground and stepped out of it. There was nothing childish about the young lady that emerged.

She was wearing a simple pair of plain white panties and matching bra. The shape of her frame which had only been hinted at beneath her cute dress was no longer hidden from view. Her vacation burn was long gone and had settled into an even all-over tan just in time for summer. There was something alluring about the way her little hips swiveled when she walked toward me down to her underwear but still in her school sandals.

She plopped down on top of me and wiggled her little panty-clad bottom impatiently directly on my lap. Forcing Mikey Jr. to ignore the grinding sensation, I was forced to accommodate and scoot all the way back so she could settle into on the couch between my open legs.

She sat there patiently while I unscrewed the lid from the jar. But before I could begin, I realized I there was another top she was expecting me to remove. I actually found my hands trembling as I reached up. I didn't have any experience removing bras and it turns out there are tiny little hooks that are nearly impossible to unlatch. After I made a few clumsy failed attempts, Lucy actually let out an amused giggle, then reached behind her back to help me. with a simple flick of her fingers, the bra popped open. I must have loosened it for her.

Depositing her bra on the couch, she raised her arms and held her hair out of the way. I could follow the line of her spine from her neck down her smooth bare back. Her ribs wrapped around her upper torso and disappeared somewhere in front where her swelling chest was waiting. Lower, she narrowed into a tiny waist before curving out once again. Her hips were still developing but were perfectly proportioned on her young frame. The white cotton of her panties hugged her bottom lovingly.

When, I didn't start immediately, she wiggled her hips impatiently and let out a little huff. I blushed slightly, hoping she hadn't caught me admiring her scantily clad growing body, and dove my hand into the jar of lotion.

The consistency was somewhere between hair gel and cream. It had a faint and not unpleasant smell of several indistinguishable plants. I recalled Dave saying something about avocados. But it wasn't green like an avocado. This stuff glowed brighter green like it was radioactive. I knew from personal experience that the color faded after application and was completely clear once it had dried.

In case you're wondering how I knew, yes, I had used it on myself. You must understand, I was a teenage boy with needs! No cream or lotion was safe around me. But that's a story for another time.

Scooping out a small amount evenly on each hand, I reached my arms around her. She sucked in her breath when the cold lotion made contact on the side of each breast. I cradled her heavenly orbs for a moment, savoring the sensation of her warm female flesh ballooning sexily in my hands with every breath. Then I began my massage.

The lotion warmed quickly from both the friction and our shared body heat as I worked my usual route around her chest. I steered around the pink bullseyes marking the center of each breast in order to save the best for last. Although still early on her journey to womanhood, she had already grown a cute pair of boobies. I marveled at how the soft tissue would give way beneath my fingers but would immediately return to its original shape as soon as the pressure was removed.

She had some rounding around the edges but was still immature in many respects. There wasn't much heft to her mounds, and they were small enough that I could wrap my hands completely around each one. But beneath the surface, I could feel a gathering of more dense tissue. Her female glands and organs felt poised and ready for more growth. If my prediction was correct, she was going to grow a handful sooner rather than later.

She seemed to quite enjoy my special attention; sighing contentedly as the tension melted away. However, under the constant intimate rubbing, cute little mewls of arousal would also occasionally escape her lips. She was putty in my hands. She really did try to receive my gift massage like a good little girl and remain motionless, but before long she was wiggling her upper body restlessly beneath my slippery grip.

I hadn't even touched them yet, but peeking over her shoulder, I saw her caps had gathered into stiff points. That was likely Surfer Dave's work. His recipe contained more than a few stimulating additives. Lucy's body had responded spectacularly each time so far as the chemicals and natural aphrodisiacs circulated and inundated this newly awakened sexual creature. And even though it's none of your business, I will admit my body had had a similar reaction when I used it on myself the day before.

Her movements became less and less restrained. I didnt even have to move my hands anymore. I just held them steady while she squirmed her orbs excitedly across my cupped hands. When I decided, I gave her a firm squeeze, a nonverbal signal for her to calm herself. She stopped immediately and held her breath. Then, slowly, I traced my fingertips inward until I was making laps around her pale areolas. They responded by puckering cutely as I drew tiny circles around her pink eraser tips.

She let out the breath she had been holding in as my fingers finally found their perky targets. I had to resist my natural urge to pinch and squeeze them. I knew they were very sensitive and didn't want to hurt her. Instead, I contented myself to giving them playful tweaks and flicks with my fingers.

After making sure the cream was thoroughly and well absorbed by every inch of her beautiful breasts, I slowly wound my massage down. With one last squeeze, I let go. When she was released, she looked incredibly relaxed, but also excited. she thanked me with a peck on the cheek, then grabbed her dress and bra and turned to leave. Her panty clad bottom jiggled enticingly as she retreated from view and up to her room.

I sat for a minute with a silly smile on my face not quite believing my incredible luck. Then I eagerly grabbed the jar of lotion and took off to my bedroom.


Dare Me - Chapter 12 - My Nightmare (Part 2)

The same process repeated itself every few days. She would come to me with that hopeful expression holding Dave's lotion. I got to the point where I would get a boner just from seeing that stupid jar. Sometimes she would have to remove her dress like the first time, but often it was just her shirt or top.

I don't know why, but she would always wait for me to remove her bra. I think she got a kick out of watching me fumble with the latches. It was one of the few tasks at which she was more skilled than me. But my skill steadily improved each time along with my massaging technique. It probably helped that I had such an alluring partner willing to let me practice on her.

About a week later, the inevitable happened. Mom walked in on Lucy writhing excitedly between my legs in nothing but a pair of school shorts (presumably with panties underneath) while I gleefully worked the green lotion into her adorable chest. Her shirt and bra were discarded on the couch beside us.

She had been out job hunting and entered the living room to discover me giving Lucy a topless breast massage. She may not have known quite how to react but wasn't totally confused either. After all, she had seen me give Lucy similar treatments while on vacation. So, she had some context. But it was news to her that Lucy was still getting them.

Pausing briefly, she ventured forward into the room when she saw there was nothing too concerning going on. Lucy smiled brightly when she saw her. She sat down in a chair across from us to observe. The look on her face was somewhere between amused and a little jealous.

"Ohhhh, Mikey," Lucy sighed, "don't stop."

Mom's next statement actually made me blush a little. "Looks like you have a real talent Michael," she said, "maybe you should think about becoming a masseuse when you grow up."

"Mom, you have to try this stuff!" Lucy interjected, "it's soooo relaxing!"

Mom actually had tried the lotion once before. On our flight home from vacation, she had gone into the lavatory and given herself a treatment. Having spent the entire previous day sunning without her top on, she was in desperate need of relief. So, she had some experience with the stimulating side effects of Surfer Dave's secret sauce.

When I had finished with Lucy, she retreated from the room, but mom stayed and kept watching me curiously; like she was considering something. When she finally spoke, it was on a seemingly different subject.

"I think I struck out again today," she reported despondently. She had gone out every day looking for another job ever since our trip. So, it wasn't for lack of trying. But while I'm sure she made a good first impression, she wasn't supremely qualified to do much. She had married dad right out of high school and didn't have many vocational skills. Her passive personality also didn't lend itself to being a go-getter either.

"Just keep trying," I offered encouragingly, "we have enough to make it a little while longer."

Mom's severance package from her last job had been completely spent and Lucy and I were too young to get jobs. So, to take some of the burden off her, I had offered to help organize the bills and the family budget. At only 14, I should have been goofing off after school or watching TV. But instead, I would come home each day, open the mail, and organize all the "past due" notices and bills we had received that day. I had no idea how many people and companies expect you to send them money every month!

I had visited the library and checked out every book I could find on trimming household expenses and being thrifty. That's where I learned you could petition for something called a "hardship exception" and get some of the bills, like electricity and water, deferred or even totally cancelled for a short time. A single mother losing her job certainly qualified as a hardship scenario.

One book suggested a yard sale as a way to raise funds. We held one on a Saturday and made enough to get us by for another month, but it wasn't a long-term solution. Even though I couldn't work full time, I did stay alert for smaller odd jobs and opportunities. But being so young and unable to drive, I didn't have much luck. One neighbor lady asked if I could watch her three granddaughters for a few weeks over the summer while she went on a European cruise with the girls parents. But I turned her down. I didn't know the first thing about babysitting. What was I going to do, play pajama hide and seek all summer with three sisters I didn't even know?

Lucy had also been eager to do her part to help out. I gave her an idea I had read about to plant your own backyard vegetable garden, and she ran with it. She attacked the undertaking with typical Lucy enthusiasm. She went around to all our elderly neighbors and got them to donate their spare gardening tools to her effort. I think they were impressed with a young lady taking initiative to help provide for her family. I'm sure it didn't hurt that Lucy, with her positive attitude and perky smile, aways made a good impression.

Using advice from the book, she went to work designing a layout where all the plants would thrive in the yard. The hardest part was digging up all our grass and tilling the soil by hand. It took her a whole week of evenings, but she was persistent. She even made a tract along the side of the house to plant roses and other flowers to maybe sell.

The next weekend, I had let her use some of our funds to buy a few more necessary supplies as well as the seeds. I followed her around one hot Sunday, hauling topsoil and fertilizer while she carefully placed the seedlings according to her master plan. It was backbreaking work and took all weekend, but by the end, she had all kinds of delicious vegetables and plants growing in tidy rows all over our yard.

Mom's only assignment during that whole time was to find another job. And she was failing. She dutifully dressed up in her nicest business attire and set out every morning full of optimism. But when she returned in the evening, she always looked so defeated. Sitting across from me in the living room in her uncomfortable looking blazer and office suit, she looked like a true businesswoman who had just come home from a long day at work. The only part missing was the paycheck.

She slipped her shoes off and stretched her aching muscles, all the while eyeing the jar of lotion. I should have anticipated her next question. But I admit, I was still caught by surprise.

"Um, Michael?...I know massages are such frivolous expenses that we can't afford right now. But you know how stressful things have been lately. I could really use something to relieve the tension. Do you think you could maybe give me a massage like you gave Lucy?" she asked.

I nodded before I had even fully realized what I agreed to. When it comes to modesty, we didn't have the most traditional mother-son relationship. I had seen her in various stages of undress, especially during our vacation, and she trusted me implicitly as one of the few people in her life who wouldn't take advantage of her. None of that changed the fact that I had just agreed to give my own mother a breast massage.

She shrugged her blazer off and started unbuttoning her blouse down the front.

"Oh, thank you," she said, with relief in her voice. Before she removed her bra, she asked for confirmation. "You sure you're ok with this?"

I gulped but managed to hide my misgivings. "Sure, mom, no problem. It's like you said, maybe I will end up becoming a masseuse. If so, I'm gonna need the practice!"

Convinced to continue, she removed her oversized bra and sat down in the spot recently vacated by her daughter. I grabbed the jar and extracted a larger than normal amount of ointment. Then I reached around her to begin the massage in earnest.

I'm not going to describe it in detail. Let's just say I followed the same pattern I had used on Lucy's much smaller chest with some success. It was strange massaging mammoth melons rather than cute little apples and I did run out of lotion and had to go back to the jar for more. But the end result was exactly the same. She had started out stoically but was soon wriggling in exactly the same manner as her daughter as the stimulating chemicals took their toll.

At one point she said, "Oh, Michael, you don't even know how happy you're going to make some woman someday!" which made me blush.

I must have done a good job, because when I was finished, she didn't even move. She just lay down on the couch, still topless, and fell right asleep while I went to make dinner. I could only hope that small reprieve from her stressful life would be enough to invigorate her during her next job interview.


Dare Me - Chapter 12 - My Nightmare (Part 3)

Her next dare request came with just a few days of school remaining. Due to a quirk in our schedule, the semester stretched into early June that year and was oddly set to end on a Monday. As May wound down, no one really wanted to be there, including the teachers.

While I had two more years of Junior High to go, in just a few more days, Lucy's elementary career would be at an end. It represented the end of an era for the Jenkins family. Beyond our time in the classrooms, that school had always been a part of us in some way; whether going to assemblies and evening recitals or viewing science projects at a fair in the gym every year in February, or just hanging out with neighborhood kids at the playground in the summers.

For every child around, it was the center of their world. But everyone knows, as time moves on and kids grow up, they rarely return to their old schools. An older teenager or lone adult seen loitering around an elementary school playground would immediately be branded a troublemaker; or worse, a creep.

It was bittersweet to think that the school might forget about our family after Lucy graduated the sixth grade and moved on. I think that's why the idea of making sure she left her mark on it before her time was up was so appealing to me. So, when the opportunity for another dare presented itself, I had already been considering ways to incorporate our little neighborhood elementary school one last time. And after what I came up with, I'm proud to say, I don't think anyone will ever forget the name "Lucy Jenkins" around those halls.

That final Thursday, a much anticipated packaged arrived in the mail. It contained a special scrapbook of photos from our vacation. The photos were professionally shot and featured Lucy and I in various scenes of the old west. Most notably, she was nearly or totally naked in every scene. That's because, for the photo shoot, and as part of an earlier dare, I had made her play the role of a notorious girl known as The Naked Bandit.

I giddily set the scrapbook in plain sight in the living room and waited for Lucy. She had gone out to check on her garden after school and make sure all her babies had enough water. She had been spraying so much water lately, I was glad we wouldn't have to pay the water bill for the next few months. When she came in, she was sweating and tracking in dirt. She was also carrying her jar of lotion in the hopes of landing a nice relaxing after-school session with her personal masseuse.

She hadn't mastered the art of tending to a garden without getting dirt everywhere yet. So, I ordered her to deposit her soiled clothes into the washing machine and come back. When she returned, she was only wearing green panties and a bra with green trim. I guess her thumb wasn't the only green thing on her body that day!

It was a cute bra with a front clasp which I am proud to report I deftly unlatched on the first try. I gave her beautifully encased swells a playful squeeze before peeling the bra open like a book and exposing her little girls to the open air. As I was reaching into the lotion, she noticed the book laying on the couch.

She perused the photos while I went to work on her naked chest. She was warm from working outside in the late spring afternoon heat and I'm sure the gel had a nice cooling effect on her bare skin. She was normally completely focused on my massage, but the book distracted her. Despite that, she still squirmed and let out adorable little whimpers as my hands worked their magic on her young orbs with the help of Surfer Dave's serum.

The pictures were amazing. And I'm not just saying that because of the gorgeous naked girl featured prominently in each one. The photographer, who by some odd coincidence was also named Dave, was truly talented. Even if she wanted to take offense at his invasion of her privacy, she had to admit, the man sure knew how to take a good photograph.

"You should take that book to school tomorrow," I teased, "I'm sure your teachers and classmates would love to see what you did on your vacation."

I had been trying to get a rise out of her. But her response was not quite what I expected.

"Forget about it! No one cares about the old west anymore, Mikey...except maybe Coach. He has stuff like this hanging up all over his office. He never shuts up about some guy named John Wayne. And he wears a holster with a real gun when we run the track after school. He says it's for protection. But I think it's just because he likes wearing it so much." she said, then added "Ooh, careful! I'm kinda sore!"

I had been continuing her breast massage as she spoke and gotten distracted by a particularly interesting photo in the book. I admit I might have squeezed her a little too hard and tweaked a sensitive spot. I eased off and continued with a lighter touch. Then an idea struck me. She had been trying to figure out some gift for Coach to thank him for organizing the school run club all year. She had come to me complaining about not having any money to spend on teacher gifts. Mom was always such a pushover that Lucy could get money whenever she wanted. But now that I oversaw the finances, she was out of luck.

"Hey, remember how you were trying to come up with a gift for Coach?" I said, half-jokingly, "you should give him your wanted poster to put up in his office!"

The poster was positively obscene. It feature naked Lucy striking a pose facing away from the camera but with her whole torso twisted in the middle. She was only wearing a pair of cowboy boots and a gun belt with holster. Her hair was done up in braids and a cowboy hat hung on her back. She was also wearing her trademark black mask. The photo was sepia and printed on a large poster. But even then, she was showing way too much skin and flesh in the photo for it to be considered appropriate to put on public display.

Like I said, I was still trying to get a rise out of her. There was no way I actually expected her to even consider it. But she didn't respond immediately. And when I realized she had gotten really quiet and a blush was forming on her cheeks, I put two and two together. I saw my moment and decided to pounce.

"That is, of course, unless you're too scared." I teased, knowing she couldn't resist my taunt. I shut my mouth and let my fingers do the talking. I traced them toward her stiff nipples and began gently rubbing the stimulating lotion directly into her sensitive areolas.

I let her imagine the possibility for a few seconds and make up her mind. When she finally spoke, it was with a soft conspiratorial tone. "I couldn't do that.... unless you...were to...Hey Mikey, do you dare me to?"

I smiled to myself. Putty in my hands. This was getting too easy.


