My Sisters and Me
by drew 

Life progressed as usual once we returned home from our eventful holiday vacation. The month between thanksgiving and Christmas is typically busy for everyone and I hadn’t seen much of my sisters.

My mom had taken it upon herself to set Katie up with one of Amira’s former classmates from medical school who was completing his residency in the city. Katie was normally wary of setups, but Amira had given her blessing and the guy seemed like quite the catch. Good looking, smart, and successful, Katie agreed to give him a shot.

I figured this was probably the end of my adventures with my big sister. I had already pushed things to the edge of her comfort zone, and what else was I really hoping for? Besides, she could certainly do worse than this guy, so I was genuinely happy for her.

“Wow, Katie. You look so beautiful!” Maddy complimented her older sister as Katie walked into the living room on the night of her big date.

And Maddy wasn’t lying. Katie was dressed in a white, winter dress. Her wavy brown hair was shiny, with nice volume. She wore multiple expensive looking pieces of jewelry.

“Well, thank you,” Katie replied, in a deep pitched, goofy manner.

“I’m so glad you’re giving him a shot,” our mom beamed with pride, looking at her eldest child.

“Yeah, we’ll see. The moment he starts bragging about his job though, I’m out. I swear every premed kid I’ve met feels the need to tell me how much money they’re gonna make 15 years and 2 divorces from now.” Katie struggled to take anything seriously.

“Oh, be quiet. He’s Amira’s age! He should be much more mature,” mom said.

“Oh, a mature gentleman! We do need one of those around here,” Katie gave an exaggerated sideways glance over to me as I sat on the couch playing video games.

“Shut up,” I said. She smirked back at me, before looking down at her phone.

“Welp, he’s here. See y’all in another life!” And she exited the condo.

“I wish she would take this more serious,” mom said once Katie was gone. “It only gets harder to find someone as you get older.”

“I’m sure Katie will be fine, with or without a guy,” Maddy said.

“I know she will. I just want her to be happy. I want all you guys to be happy,” mom said.

“That’s so sweet of you, mom!” Maddy said, with earnest.

“Yeah, thanks mom,” I said.

I got ready to head to the gym, where I was meeting Jordan and Kyle for an evening basketball game. Apparently, Kyle did end up getting in some trouble for his airport scheme. He was questioned for a bit and ended up getting kicked out. He missed his flight and had to fly out the next day from a different airport. He was actually fortunate to not be arrested - not that Katie would have ended up pressing charges.

“What’s up bro?” Kyle greeted me once I got to the courts at our nearby rec center.

Neither him, nor Jordan brought up the airport.

We played our game and then hit the showers. As we were walking out, Jordan asked us to wait.

“I gotta find Kelly, I told her I’d walk home with her,” Jordan said.

“Kelly’s here?” I asked.

“Yeah. Apparently, her partner in crime had a date tonight?”

“Yeah,” I said. Kyle gave me an interested look.

“Yeah, so Kelly’s a loser. She’s got nothing else going on without Katie.” Jordan joked.

Kelly popped around the corner. Her hair was wet indicating she had just showered as well. She wasn’t wearing any makeup, but still looked cute. She was bundled up with large coat, beanie, and sweatpants.

“Hey, guys!” She said, “you win your game?”

“Of course,” Jordan said. “Did you?”

“Of course,” she mocked his tone, then laughed.

“What game did you have?” Kyle asked, attempting to be part of the conversation.

“I play in a girls' soccer league,” Kelly answered kindly. “Oh! By the way, Katie and I were talking. There’s coed league starting in a few weeks…would you guys be interested? Katie was also gonna ask Maddy.”

Soccer wasn’t really my thing. I played football growing up which always coincided with the fall soccer season. But Jordan and Kyle lit up at the mention of my sisters.

“I’d be game!” Kyle said. We’ll see how Katie felt about that…

“Yeah, I’ll play,” Jordan added.

“Drew?” Kelly asked, smiling.

“I’m not any good,” I said.

“Doesn’t matter! Our team should be stacked. We can hide you,” she laughed.

“Alright, fine I’ll play,” I said, after some hesitation.

“Nice! I’ll tell Katie,” Kelly started texting. Her phone lit up with a response right away. Not a great sign for that date.

Kyle hung back, and Kelly, Jordan, and I began walking home to our respective places. I got back to the condo decently early. I was pretty tired and decided to get to bed. Katie’s room was empty, but Maddy peaked her head out of hers.

“Looks like things are going well with her…” Maddy said when she saw me glance into Katie’s vacant bedroom. “Maybe we’ll have another doctor in the family!”

“Maybe,” I replied. I noticed that Maddy was wearing a t shirt and pants - more than she usually wore when I ran into her on previous nights.

I went into my own room and stripped to my boxers. I fell asleep, but was woken up about 30 minutes later when the door to our condo slammed shut and the upstairs light turned on. Guess it didn’t go that well. I heard rummaging from Katie’s room and then the light turned off.

About 5 seconds later, my door was pushed open and my light was switched on.

“Uggggghhh,” I groaned with annoyance. But once I opened my eyes and adjusted them, I was no longer annoyed. Katie was standing in my doorway wearing nothing but an itty-bitty orange thong. She held a boob in each hand. Her curvy little body instantly pulled me out of my drowsiness.

“Why?” I said blankly, looking at her.

“Cause it’s funny, and you’d be pissed at me for waking you up if I was dressed,” she said. I shook my head at her. “Don’t act like you don’t love it, we all know better by now.”

“Okay…so what’s so important that couldn’t wait till tomorrow?”

“I have a conference for my firm coming up in Miami in a few weeks,” she paused. “And well, Kelly can’t go cause she has finals. Same with Maddy. Amy will be there, but she’ll obviously be really busy. I was thinking…maybe you would want to come with me?

Wow. Could you imagine her asking this 6 months ago?

“That sounds awesome. I can check, but shit’s crazy right now so not sure I can get off,” I said. She sagged her posture a bit.

“Oh yeah, whatever. Not a big deal if you can’t, I can ask mom,” Katie said. “By the way, Kelly tells me you’re gonna play soccer with us?”

“Yeah…you know I’ve never played right?”

“That’s okay, I can show you some things…if you want. Kelly and Maddy are both really good. Speaking of which, I need to ask Maddy - ”

“- ask me what?” Maddy came busting through my door. I instantly saw she was wearing less than when I saw her earlier. In fact, she now had the same outfit on as her older sister - just a pair of underwear. Seems her competitive spirit was reignited. My sisters looked at each other. “Why are you naked?” Maddy asked.

“I’m not. Why are you naked?” Katie reflected.

“I’m not,” Maddy copied, nodding down at her purple panties as she crossed her arms over her breasts. Maddy looked back at me with suspicion. “What are you guys talking about in here?”

“This soccer team that they’re putting together,” I said. “Are you playing?”

“Yeah, I never had the chance to get back to you,” Katie said.

“I can play…” Maddy looked back at her older sister, still trying to piece things together. “How was your date?”

“It was good,” Katie said

“Must not have been THAT good.”

“Why?”

“Cause you’re in here showing Drew more than I’m sure he got to see.”

“Shut up, Muff Maddy.”

“Can’t call me that anymore….ask Drew.”

Both girls looked at me. Great. I shook my head.

“Leave me out of this,” I said, putting my hands in the air. It was Katie’s turn to try and piece things together - not that that would be hard, especially for her.

“Whatever…” she said. “I got home and wanted to get out of my dress and shower. I forgot I needed to ask Drew something - about the conference that YOU can’t come to!”

“Oh…”

“Yeah. ’Oh.’ Speaking of which, what’s your explanation? You know mom - “ Katie heard something and stuck her head out of my room. “Oh shit! Mom!” She whispered.

“Nuh uh!” Maddy whispered back, she turned to face the door too.

“Yeah!” Katie said.

I could hear my mom’s footsteps downstairs. They were making their way to the stairwell. Then, I saw a devilish grin emerge on Katie’s face. She couldn’t resist. She bent over and whisked Maddy’s panties down to her ankles.

“Ahhhh!” Maddy let out a muffled cry.

Katie took quick peak at her sister’s front side to see to see if she was telling the truth. Then her eyes shifted to mine, and saw that they were glued to Maddy’s bare butt. Katie didn’t like that. She frowned, and gave Maddy a little shove. I heard creaking in the stairs….

Maddy tripped over her panties and fell backward, cursing her big sister as she did so. Katie busted out laughing, shut my light out, and bolted into the bathroom.

“Shit, Drew! What do I do?!” Maddy whispered desperately at me.

“Crawl under my bed!” I said, thinking quickly. If mom came up into my room and looked there, we were done. I’d probably be shipped back to my dad. But there was no other option.

I heard Maddy urgently slithering on my floor. She got under the bed in just the nick of time. The light flashed back on.

“Drew, what’s going on? I thought I heard someone in here?” My mom asked, as she stepped inside.

“Uhhh,” I tried to make as much noise as I could because I’m almost positive I could hear Maddy breathing beneath me. “Katie had popped in to ask me a question about a conference she has coming up. But I prolly can’t go,” I said.

“Oh. Did she say how her date went?”

“Yeah, she said it went good,” I said. My mom gradually inched closer to my bed. I was getting increasingly nervous, and needed to get my mom out of my room. “Think she went to the bathroom; you may be able to catch her before she jumps in the shower.”

“That’s alright. I’ll ask her tomorrow,” she paused, and then took a seat on the bench in my room.

What the fuck!

“How are things with you Drew? Have you met anyone special?”

Of course, we were going to talk about this now. If my mom was maybe one foot lower, Maddy would definitely be in her eye line.

“Ummm, not really, no. A decent number of dates, but no one I really clicked with, ya’know?

“Well, that’s okay. Got your whole life to settle down right? I hope living with three girls hasn’t warped your views on women!”

“Oh no…hey mom I’m pretty -"

“I know it’s been…confusing for you with the way they dress sometimes!”

I heard shuffling beneath me. Please be quiet, Maddy.

“Huh?”

“Oh, I just mean the incident with Maddy,”

Uggggh. God damnit.

“I know that girl’s destined to break hearts. But c’mon leave your brother alone! I mean she wasn’t wearing anything! I don’t even blame you for being curious. No young man could resist that!”

“Mom come on,” I groaned.

“And then Nancy told me about what happened with Alex at Thanksgiving. Can you believe she blamed YOU on her ‘not feeling safe’?!”

Yes

“She says you had the same ‘look’ on your face as when you saw Maddy! Whatever that means! Every guy in that house was looking…even Frank for God’s sake! Sometimes I just think she’s detached from reality.”

“Yeah…she’s…something. I’m pretty beat mom. And gotta get up early tomorrow so you mind if I get back to sleep?

“Oh, right. I’m sorry. It’s just tough to find time to talk with you. And I know you wouldn’t want your sisters to hear about this stuff!”

No, I wouldn’t

“Goodnight, Drew. See you tomorrow,” my mom stood up from the bench, but her slipper got kicked off. She bent down to pick it up…
…and stood back up. Whew. I don’t know how she didn’t see Maddy. Mom shut my light out and closed my door on her way out. I heard the stairs creaking indicating she wasn’t going to wait around upstairs to talk to Katie.

About 30 seconds passed, and I heard crawling on the floor. I shined the flashlight from my phone. Maddy was lying prone on my carpet and looking like a worm, with the exception of her peachy bare butt arched up off the ground. She looked up at me.

“Too close!” She whispered.

“Yeah, no shit. You better get back to your room while you can.”

“Right…okay. You probably shouldn’t look…wouldn’t want you to get too ‘curious’!” She giggled and stood up off the ground, covering her boobs with one hand and using her panties to hide her kitty. She spun around and tip-toed out of the room, her nice ass swaying in the shadows was the parting image of my night.



I took Katie up on her offer to teach me some soccer skills. I didn’t want to completely humiliate myself in front of the others during our first game. Maddy also joined us. We were kicking the ball back and forth, in a triangle.

“Hey, so I checked with work. Definitely a no go for Miami. Sorry,” I told Katie.

She frowned, slightly. But quickly regained her composure. “No biggie. I know it was short notice.”

“You should ask CJ!” Maddy said. CJ was the name of the guy who took Katie out.

“Yeah…maybe,” she didn’t look too convinced. “I don’t know though, I just met him. Seems a bit early for that.”

I felt guilty about it, but my spirits lifted.

“Ah well, I’m sure mom would go,” Maddy said.

“Yeah, that’s who I was planning on asking.”

I saw a slight smile creep across Maddy’s face as she looked toward me and then quickly away.

“How you feeling about your boy Kyle playing with us by the way?” I asked Katie, changing the subject.

“Uggggh, not happy about it. I should’ve sent his ass to jail.” Katie kicked the ball a little harder on her pass toward me. “But whatever, he can be goalie. Just stay the fuck away from me.”

“Well, it just so happens he is a goalie. Or at least he told us he was in high school.”

“Good.”

“Apparently a good one too.”

“Yeah, I don’t care if he’s Hope Solo, still don’t want him playing with us. But Kelly just HAD to ask you and Jordan with him around.”

“You know he has an excuse to just look at your ass if he’s standing in the net all game, right?” Maddy giggled.

“Not sure why you think it’s so funny. He’s gonna be creeping on you too,” said Katie. “At least he can’t ‘accidently’ touch us from the box.”

“You’re blowing his creepiness wayyyy out of proportion, Katie. He acted the same as 90 percent of single dudes would have acted in that situation. In fact, there was plenty of dudes acting worse,” I said.

“Hey, you’re the one who told me about his views on girls. It’s very…incelly,” she shuttered, and shook herself off, as if there were a bunch of insects crawling on her. Maddy smiled, and rolled her eyes.

“Drew, you’re not bad at all!” She said. “Much better at soccer than you were at skiing the first time.”

“I mean, I don’t have any problems kicking, no. I just don’t know what the hell I’m gonna be doing out there. Have zero idea about soccer strategy other than to kick the ball at the net.”

We spent the rest of the time going over some basic rules and strategy. Once we finished, the three of us showered and met each other at the entrance.

“See ya guys later!” The boy at the front desk said to us as we walked out.

“That kid’s obsessed with me,” Katie said once we stepped into the frigid December weather.

“Here we go again,” Maddy laughed. “Let me guess, he’s creeping on you too?”

“Okay one, Kyle actually is creeping on me, without a doubt. Not like I’m imagining it….and two, does that kid let you guys in for free?”

“No?”

“Okay, well, when I came in today…and plenty of other times when I come in, he just goes ‘don’t worry about it, it’s on the house’,” Katie said in a mocking monotonous manner. “Even though I’ve told him AT LEAST 3 times I have a pass.”

“Okay, well maybe he just thinks you’re hot? I mean I wouldn’t say he’s obsessed with you since it seems like he doesn’t even remember you?”

“No that’s just it, he does remember me. One time, I was here late, like one of the last people in the gym, and he came strolling over to the weight room and said ‘sup Katie?’….I never ONCE told him my name or introduced myself.”

“Eh, he probably sees your name pop up on the screen every time you come in. Think he’s called me by name before too,” Maddy said.

“I don’t know, man. There’s something….off about him.”

Maddy and I met each other’s eyes. She smiled and rolled them at Katie’s paranoia. We kept walking through the snow flurries, eventually reaching our place.


My mom had agreed to join Katie for the weekend at her business conference. Maddy was out for her winter formal dance and I had the house to myself. I had been so busy lately, it was nice to wind down, have a beer, and play some video games.



“Little bitch! How’s that taste!” I talked shit to one of my competitors. My younger cousins, Brian and Phillip, were playing along with me on my team.

“Haha,” Brian joined in. “BOOM Motherfucker!” He screamed into his headset.

We continued to have some fun and it was getting pretty intense, when I my phone flashed.

It was a group text from my mom. It was a picture of her and Katie in downtown Miami having fun.

“Having a great time, miss you guys!” The text read.

I texted back that I missed them too. Maddy did as well.

“We’ll be back Monday morning,” My mom texted. “How’s the dance, Maddy?” She asked.

It was the first time Maddy was allowed to hang out with her friends outside of family stuff since my mom walked in on us. I guess my mom figured she learned her lesson. That, and it would be difficult to enforce anything while being thousands of miles away.

“It was fun!” Maddy responded. “But it’s over now. Some people are going to hang out at Kenzie’s house, but I’m actually kinda tired lol. Think I’m gonna grab an uber…”

I saw where this was heading.

“I’d prefer you not take an Uber by yourself.” My mom’s text read. “Drew what are you up to?”

I sighed.

“I can pick her up lol” I texted.

“Thanks!”

“Thanks Drew!” Maddy said.

“You can take my car, Drew” Katie texted.

“I’ll be there in about 15 minutes” I responded.

I told Brian and Phillip I had to go.

“Past your bedtime?” Brian joked. I ignored him.

I didn’t bother to get any more presentable, and just threw my coat on, hurrying out the door. Fortunately, I had only taken about two sips of my beer. I got in Katie’s car and drove over to the banquet hall, where my sister’s dance was located.

When I pulled up, I immediately saw her standing outside. She had a bright blue dress on with a coat over it. Her reddish-blonde hair was shiny and pulled into an updo. She had on a bracelet, and earrings. She waved when she saw me pull up. I waved back. There was another dude next to her, likely her date. He was only a bit taller than her, boyish appearing, with brown, messy hair. He was wearing a tuxedo that didn’t really fit him that well.

I pulled the car up and put the hazard blinkers on. I got out to greet Maddy.

“Thanks for coming so fast Drew!” She said. “This is Matt, my date,” she introduced me.

“Hi,” Matt said. He gave a sheepish little wave.

“Okay…thanks for waiting with me Matt. You’ll be okay walking home?”

“Yeah, I live right there,” Matt pointed down the road.

There was a lot of awkwardness. Matt was clearly hoping to get a kiss, but not in front of me. He didn’t look too pleased and was probably wishing he had just gone to that Kenzie girl’s party. I walked away from them to grant some privacy, not wanting to interfere with anything. Maddy hugged him, and pecked him on the cheek, but she didn’t seem interested in anything more.

“Okay, Drew! I’m all set.” She climbed into Katie’s car. Matt began to walk away, dejected.

I got in the car and drove us home.

“So….” I began. “Was it actually fun?” I asked, with doubt in my voice.

“Eh. It was alright. Good to get out, I guess,” Maddy said.

“Yeah, those things are always hyped up.”

“Yeah.”

We drove the rest of the way in silence. We got home and walked up to the condo. I had the video game paused, and my beer was sitting on the coffee table.

“Oh, Drew I’m sorry!” Maddy said. “I didn’t mean to interrupt your evening!”

“It’s fine, I clearly wasn’t doing much.”

“Looks nice and relaxing to me…kinda jealous to be honest.”

I turned to look at her in the light. She had taken her jacket and heels off. She stood in the kitchen looking positively radiant, like a Disney princess. Her dress was somewhat tight with thin straps over her shoulders. The color made her Caribbean blue eyes pop even more so than normal. She grabbed a glass of water and came over to the living room. She stood facing me.

“Ahhh, finally get to get out of this thing,” she said.

She reached her hand behind her back and unzipped her dress. She slid her shoulder straps down, and began pulling her dress down, and off her body. Right in front of me. My heart leapt, and I went bug-eyed, when I saw that she was not wearing any bra…nor any underwear. DAMN! For the second time in two months, I got to see Maddy standing in the living room in all her glory. This time, on her own accord. I went slack-jawed.

She placed one hand on her hip and the other draped down to her mid-thigh. Thus, not covering up whatsoever. Her right knee was slightly bent, and her left leg was straightened out in front of her. Her expression was sultry, with her bottom lip slightly hung open. She wasn’t smiling. She was gazing intensely at me.

Well……here I am. All bare, butt-ass naked for ya

My dick flew up instantly in my shorts, and she wasn’t surprised. She blinked slowly, batting her eyelashes, and began strolling over to me.

Her perky tits sat sky-high on her chest, jiggling nicely with each step. Her toned leg muscles were pronounced as she walked. She was so close to me now. Too close. I was breathing so fast.

“Can I see it?” she asked, softly.

I said nothing, speechless, and at a loss for words. She took that as a yes.

She hooked her fingers around my shorts and boxers and pulled them away from my waist. My cock sprung out of the material, like a jack-in-the-box. It was thicker, and stiffer than it had ever been in my life. Maddy’s eyes lit up and her pupils dilated.

She placed a hand on my chest, and it traveled slowly…downward.

What are we doing?

Her hand reached its destination and wrapped itself casually, around my erect penis.

What the FUCK are we doing?

She inched her body forward, her shaved clean pussy nearly brushing against my leg. She took the tip of my dick, and placed it right in the middle of her vulva.

Oh my God

Her pussy lips felt so soft on my cock. Puffy and warm, they spread open ever so slightly, wrapping themselves snuggly around my tip.

Oh my Fucking God

She looked me in the eye. I met hers, but then made the fatal error of scanning back down her body. How could I resist? She was butt-fucking-naked... sans for her earrings and bracelet...with her lively, round titties pointing upward at me and her smooth, slippery cooch - slowly, methodically, devouring my dick.

Oh no

My knees buckled and an unmistakable wave of ecstasy came over me.

Oh no. Please God no. Not now

But the threshold was already passed. There was nothing I could do. I stepped away a few inches, freeing my penis from her vaj. It shot back up toward the ceiling, before erupting. I blasted Maddy’s tits with my cum, but it didn’t stop there. She jumped backwards, and the rest splashed across her face like a Jackson Pollock.

“OhmyGod!” She shrieked. My semen dripped across her eyes, down her nasal folds, inching toward her mouth – which was hanging wide open.

“Maddy I’m so sorry!” I blurted out. “It came on so fast…this has never happened before!” That was the truth, but probably not the right thing to say in this particular moment.

Maddy stared at me but it was difficult to get a read on how she felt. There seemed to be a wide range of emotions on her face. Shock, excitement, and pleasure for sure…. but also, disgust, humility, and shame. She finally brought her finger up to stop my cum from sneaking into her mouth.

Meanwhile, my penis had already recharged. It enjoyed the sights of my younger sister drenched in my own jizz. It popped right back up, the little fucker. Maddy saw it, and repulsively nodded her head. She walked briskly out of the room and headed up the stairs. Her calves popped and her bare ass bounced as she climbed. She hurried into the bathroom, and I heard the door swing shut.

What the fuck have I done…



I didn’t see Maddy the rest of the weekend. I cringed every time I thought about that dreadful night. Our relationship was fucked…maybe for good.

What the FUCK was I thinking?!

But that’s just it. I wasn’t. It was pure instincts. Then again, SHE was the one who came on to me. But I should have never let things get this far. This wasn’t some random girl I could just ghost and never see again. Stupid, stupid, stupid….

Katie and my mom arrived home and the silence of the house was broken. But I still hadn’t seen Maddy. My mom said she was busy studying for her finals.

I joined Katie for another practice session at the rec center. It was us two and Kelly.

“Where’s your sister at?” Kelly asked as we went through some drills.

“I dunno. Finals, I guess. She’s been weird since we got back from Miami,” Katie said.

“You’ve seen her?” I blurted out.

“….yeah?”

“Thought she was just living at the library these days,” I attempted to act natural, and aloof.

“She basically is. But she still has to sleep somewhere.”

I desperately wanted to ask if Katie had talked with Maddy. And if so, what about. But that would be too obvious. So, we talked about soccer. A topic I really couldn’t give two shits about.

It didn’t take long for the girls to notice my mind was elsewhere. After what seemed like the hundredth time I missed an easy kick, Kelly pointed it out.

“Not to be a dick, but you weren’t kidding about your lack of skills, Drew,” she said it in a light-hearted manner. She knew I didn’t really care, or take my soccer talents (or lack thereof) seriously.

In fact, Katie seemed to be more offended by her comment than me.

“He was doing so well last week!”

“Beginner’s luck, I guess,” even though I knew the truth.

I struggled through the rest of the practice. We showered, and walked out together. Katie’s high school “stalker” was not working the entrance today.

“You seeing CJ tonight?” Kelly asked.

“Oh…yeah, I guess. He said he wants to hang out.”

“Don’t sound too excited,” Kelly said.

“Well, actually…I was thinking, maybe you guys would want to meet us out? If you want…that is,” Katie asked.

“That sounds fun!” Kelly responded quickly. “Drew?”

“Umm yeah. That does sound like a good time,” and I meant it. I needed some drinks. And even if Kelly was a tease, she was good company. Plus, I could get a sense of this CJ dude.

“Okay!” Kelly paused, and looked at me. “Oh, umm, do you want me to ask Jordan?” She asked timidly.

“Nah, he said he was hanging out with some chick tonight.”

“Oh, okay,” Kelly smiled.

Later on, I walked over to Kelly’s place. It was actually in the same building as Jordan’s. I texted her, and she buzzed me to come up.

I entered her apartment which was decorated in a minimalist style. She was a surprisingly neat person. She greeted me, wearing a skimpy top, that was low cut and only went to her midriff. It was loose fitting, and not a great choice for where we were headed.

“Hey!” She said.

“Hey Kelly, you look nice,” I said.

“Thanks,” She smiled.

“That being said….I uhhh…”

“It’s a bad choice, isn’t it? I knew it!”

“Yeah…you’d likely be showing a lot,” I said.

“It’s okay, thanks for telling me. I got a backup plan, come here,” she turned and walked into her room, motioning me to follow.

Her bed had faint green sheets on it, and sat low to the ground. Without missing a beat, Kelly stripped her shirt off and turned to hang it back in her closet. She had on a black bra underneath. While still facing her closet, she unclasped the bra and covered her breasts with an arm, before turning to drop the bra in one of her dresser drawers.

My dick swelled in my jeans, and it was nice to know that it didn’t ONLY respond to my sisters these days…

She grabbed a sports bra out from the drawer, turned away, and threw it on. Then she turned back to face me. Her nips protruded through the bra. She walked over to her bed and bent over to grab a shirt that was lying on it. Her small, tan cleavage was on display. She raised the shirt over her head.

“Better?” She asked.

“Definitely…and you still look good,” I said.

“We should get going.”

We bundled up and headed out into the cold. It was a decent walk, and we arrived at the TopGolf complex, which was our destination. Katie and CJ were already at the bar, waiting for us.

“Hey guys!” Kelly said excitedly. She made her way over to greet CJ.

CJ was about my height and size. He had dark hair and a dark beard that was well groomed. He was dressed in a polo and tight-fitting golf pants. He had a sharp jawline and prominent cheek bones and gave off a bit of a pretty-boy vibe.

I went over to shake his hand.

“Drew?” He said politely. “CJ, nice to meet you.”

I turned my eyes to my big sister and saw that she had on a similarly loose-fitting top as to what Kelly was wearing earlier. Kelly noticed it as well, and grimaced at me in a playful fashion.

The four of us got some drinks and made our way over to our booth. We checked in and CJ started the game. He lined up his feet, carefully swung his club back and forth, focused on the ball, and…..duffed it.

Finally, a sport I was better than the others at. I already knew Katie and Kelly sucked. CJ was dressed in a manner that I thought he’d be pretty good. And wasn’t golfing a big part of being a doctor? But alas, he was terrible.

Not that I’m great myself. But I practice enough to put the rest of my party to shame. I lined up after CJ, and drilled a long shot out to a high scoring hole near the back.

“Jeeze, Drew!” Kelly exclaimed. “Nice shot!”

“What, did you guys bring a ringer here tonight or something to embarrass me?” CJ chuckled at his own joke. Katie gave him a courtesy smile before looking at me.

It was Kelly’s turn. I sat behind her and admired her thick ass in her tight leggings as she prepared to swing. Her form was all over the place, but she actually made decent contact. The ball sliced to the right in the air, but she was still able to score a few points.

“Luuuuuckkkkky,” CJ hollered. I noticed him take a few ass glances of his own when Kelly turned her back to him to give me a high five.

Katie stepped up to the tee. She is a lefty, and was facing my direction. She bent over to place her ball, granting me a fantastic look down her shirt.
Stop. I told myself. I needed to stop with this sister shit. I looked away.

Her form was much better than Kelly’s, though, the result was the same. CJ was the only person with 0 points after the first round.

We continued to play, drinking beer pitchers as the rounds wore on. CJ shanked several more shots. Every time after he did it, he would make a comment like “God, what’s wrong with me today?”

It was Katie’s turn again. She was actually in second place at this time. She did her same routine of bending over for me. I continued to resist.

“Babe, wait!” CJ stopped her.

Babe? After a few dates?

Kelly and I grinned at each other. Katie looked up and saw us, and an embarrassed look flashed across her face. Her eyes even gave a little flicker of annoyance.

CJ inched toward her and grabbed her by the waist. His groin was right up against her ass. He tried to teach her the motion of a swing, as if he was any position to do that after his own performance throughout the night. Seeing him grinding up against her made me angry. Not because of jealousy, but because he was clearly making my sister uncomfortable.

“Okay, I got it,” she snapped her response at him and he finally got the picture. He sat back in his seat, dejected.

Katie swung, and unexpectedly, hit her best shot of the night.

“See! I told ya!” CJ shouted. I swore her eyes flickered again.

The four of us finished up our game. I won, in a landslide. Kelley ended up finishing a few points ahead of Katie. CJ, as expected after his first round, came in last. And he wasn’t happy about it. He wasn’t saying much as we gathered our things, but made a huge ordeal about needing to be the one who paid for our drinks and games.

We began saying our goodbyes.

“Can you take me back to my condo, CJ?" Katie asked. She seemed to making it clear there was not going to be any spending the night with him. Again, he looked frustrated.

“Sure,” was all he said.

“You headed back there too Drew?” She asked me, in a casual manner.

“Uh, yeah. I guess. I’ll walk Kelly home and then be there a bit later,” I replied.

Kelly and I headed out of the complex back into the heart of the city.



It was my first holiday in the city, and there was certainly a romantic charm around this time of year. Light snowflakes floated down from the sky as the bars and restaurants blared Christmas music into the night. There were large fir trees and colorful lights and decorations all around. It was impossible not to catch the cheer.

Walking with Kelly, I could tell she could feel it too. She was even more bubbly than normal.

“Soooo what do you think of CJ? She asked me.

“Umm, well, he seems like a decent guy,” I said.

“Ahh c’mon Drew, just say it!

“What?”

“You know!” She smiled at me.

I did know. But I wasn’t going to the one to say it. I smiled back and said nothing.

“Okay, fine. I’ll say it,” she gave in. “Dooooooouuuuuuuuche”

I laughed. “Agreed,” I said.

“Now, I see why she didn’t seem that into him.”

“Didn’t she say anything to you?”

“Not much no, but I haven’t really seen her that much lately. I’ve been busy with school and she was on her trip. But still I thought she would’ve said something! And to go on a couple more dates with him! She’s normally so picky, and ditches dudes the first chance she gets,” Kelly ranted.

“Huh,” was all I said.

We continued to talk until I reached her building. I came in, and walked her up to her apartment. We looked at each other for a bit, not saying anything.

“You wanna come in for a bit?”

“Oh…uh…yeah,” she took me by surprise.

“You don’t have to if don’t want to Drew,” she clearly noticed my hesitation.

"I definitely want to."

And so I stepped back into Kelly's apartment. She made her way over to the kitchen and poured us each a glass of wine. While standing in the kitchen, I noticed textbooks and notepads layered out on a desk.

"Did you have your finals already?"

"Most of them. Still have one left, but it's my hardest one."

"Yeah, this looks....intimidating."

Kelly laughed. "Doesn't everything from the outside?"

"No," I said bluntly. "What's your actual major?"

"Promise not to make fun of me?"

"Promise."

"Math," she said sheepishly.

"Why would I make fun of that?"

"Cause it's suuuuuper nerdy," she laughed.

"Well, yeah. But everyone's nerdy about something."

Kelly cozied up closer to me. We met each other's eyes, and I leaned into her. We began making out. She sat up on the countertop and we continued to kiss. I slid my hands under her shirt and caressed her back. She raised her arms up over her head, inviting me to lift her shirt off. I complied, exposing a nice amount of her naturally tanned skin. She felt warm, and her core was firm. I moved my lips down her neck and the scent of her floral perfume crept into my nose.

BZZZZZZZ BZZZZZZZZZZZ BZZZZZZZZZZZ

Her phone, lying next to her on the countertop lit up and vibrated. We both briefly glanced at it, before dismissing it, and went back to kissing.

“Let’s go to the couch,” Kelly slid back onto her feet and grabbed my hand. She led me over to a light grey couch that doubled as a futon. She lied down on her back and arched her hips up. I knew what that meant.

I grabbed the waistband of her leggings, and slowly slid them off her pelvis, down to her thighs, and past her knees. Her black booty shorts and athletic legs came into sight. I was ready to go. I put my lips on her tummy and kissed.

BZZZZZZ BZZZZZZZZZ BZZZZZZZZZZZZ

“Fuuuuuuck!” Kelly cried out. “I’m sorry Drew…do you mind?”

I do, as a matter of fact

“No, no, go ahead! It could be important,” was the lie that came out.

“Thanks,” she got up and swayed back to the kitchen where her phone sat. God, her ass was so big for such a small waisted girl…

“Katie! What’s up?!”

Hearing my sister’s name intrigued me. I listened in, but Kelly turned to me with a finger in the air as if to say hang on. She disappeared into her room, deep in conversation. It didn’t seem like I was invited to follow.

My erection faded and I got up to grab my own phone. I had a couple of missed texts of my own….both from Katie. I unlocked screen and read them:

“Hey, are you coming home?” The first one read.

“Where are you guys?” A second one, sent 12 minutes later asked.

She clearly seemed okay. What could possibly be so urgent?

I hung out on Kelly’s couch, for a while. After about 20 minutes, I started to feel dumb just sitting there. I got up to “use the restroom” which was conveniently located next to Kelly’s bedroom. While walking down the hall I heard energetic chatter. The door was wide open, and I figured it was okay to peek in.

Kelly sat on the bed, and had already thrown some sweatpants and a t shirt on. She waved at me from the entrance way. I couldn’t tell what the girls were talking about, but it didn’t sound serious at all. Nonetheless, the mood had shifted, and I was never one to overstay his welcome.

“It’s pretty late Kell, I’m gonna get headed back to my place,” I whispered.

Kelly gave me an exaggerated frown, then pointed to her phone and made the universal “overly talkative” motion with her hand. “I’m sorry!” she mouthed to me.

Yeah, I was sorry too. As it was abundantly clear Katie was cockblocking. I waved Kelly goodnight and gathered my coat.

I walked home alone, cold, and frustrated. The Christmas decorations didn’t have near the same appeal as they did a few hours ago.

Once home, I quickly showered, turned my lights out, and got into bed. Then, guess who appeared in my doorway.

“Drew!” Katie whispered.

“Whaaaat?” I mumbled. I shined my phone toward her. I saw her curvy silhouette standing under the arch. Again, she cupped her tits, hiding them from me. But this time, I didn’t see any underwear waistband, and I’m pretty certain she was completely bottomless. She didn’t cover her privates, but she was turned to the side.

Don’t look. Don’t look. Don’t look.

I fought the urge and sunk my head back to the pillow.

“What’s wrong?” She said, more than asked.

“Nothing, I’m tired. Whatsup?”

From the corner of my eye, I saw her turn her body more toward me. Now, I could probably get a decent pussy shot if I wanted…

Don’t look.

“You’ve been weirdly….not looking at me? Ever since I got back from Miami.”

“Huh?”

“I mean looking at your sister is weird. For a normal person. But y’know you on the other hand…it’s the opposite?” She let out an awkward, almost self-conscious laugh.

“Yeah…I was with Kelly tonight. You were with CJ…”

“Ohhhhh, I get it. CeeeeJaaaaay. Yeah… I gave Amira the benefit of the doubt on him…”

“Yeah, how were those two ever friends?”

“I know!” Katie laughed, more relaxed this time. “Well, whatever. I don’t plan on seeing him again…”

Katie stepped fully into my room. She was now facing me – dead on. A full look at her kitty was there for the taking. I hadn’t seen it since Thanksgiving….

DON’T LOOK

She lingered there for a bit. Welcoming my eyes. Wanting them to find their way between her legs. Daring me….

I held off the urge. The night with Maddy had me all fucked up. Plus, I was frustrated with Katie. She cockblocked me earlier, just so she could pull this stunt.

After about 15 seconds of torturing myself, Katie gave up.

“Alriiiiiiight, well I guess I better get to bed then. It’s probably not long before it’s Maddy’s turn to come in here naked…”

Oh, I highly doubt that.



