Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 11: Escalation

Oh god, I never came so hard as I did that last time, you know that, right? I mean I can’t lie here, not to my other true self, my journal. Who knew it would feel that good. I can’t stop thinking about it.

I was so upset there were not more of Ms. Sparrow’s stories, I am sure they would be as good as the others, but I did find one that was sort of close, though I don’t know if I dare write it down here. You see, I know the boys found my journal. They know all my secrets now (at least the ones I write down). It was my idea from the start. I left a page out where Tim could find it. I wanted them to know how I wanted to play the game. I wanted to feel what Ms. Sparrow felt in that last chapter. I wanted all of it. And now they are going to know that. Unless I rip this page up. But I won’t. You know I won’t.

‘The Marking of Jen’

There, I said it. The other story. The naughtier one. God, I hope I don’t regret it.

Tia closed the cover of her purple paged journal and felt her heart pounding. She had done it. Just like Tim had insisted. Now she just had to wait and see what happened when her parents went out again in a couple of hours.

She had begun to get used to not wearing anything while upstairs in their house over the last week, although the first time her dad had seen her she could tell he was embarrassed. She had been heading for her morning shower and saw him heading down the hall towards all the boys’ rooms when he stopped, letting her go into the bathroom before getting too close to her. She knew her mother had spoken to him about her new behavior, but it was still weird the first time he saw her. Her brothers continued to behave around her, no games, no teasing, wanting to prove to their parents that this was normal, not some sort of naughty game. She thought it was working, though she missed the occasional touches, the sneaky grabs of her bottom. She had gotten more illicit touches when she was dressed than she did now. But Tim swore it was all going to plan, and so she went along with things. It was still fun to be naked and exposed in front of her brothers even if they did not dare touch her. They had made up for it last Friday, and she was sure they would again this time. Only more so. She still could not believe she had named that new story in her last entry. They would read her journal, and then that story, and know even more about what she was wanting. Things were going to change now unless she chickened out, and she only had a few moments to change her mind. Once she left her room to ostensibly go to the bathroom, she knew that they would be in to grab her journal, one of them was always watching her movements when Tim was pushing them to get another peek at her writing. Ever since yesterday, she knew this had been coming.

After school the previous day, Tim had come and summoned her to his and Terrence’s room. Curious, she had followed, wondering if something was going to change again. She had surprised them all the previous night.

‘I still can’t believe you came down to dinner naked!” Tim said, shutting his door and turning her around so her back was against it.

“I know, I ... well, everyone knew about it after all this time so I thought, why just upstairs?”

“Yeah, I thought Thomas was going to blow it, saying those things, but things settled down ok, right?”

“Yeah, I mean Mom talked to me later, you knew that, and she mostly just wanted to make sure I was not being put up to this or anything. I don’t know that she suspects anything, I think, well, I think she’s just worried. Worried that I might be an exhibitionist and not be careful about it. It was kinda weird she understood that. I mean, I’m not sure I do. She did say I should give dad some more time to get used to the idea.”

“Worried? You mean worried that someone might like it when their brother does this?” Tim teased, standing closer and slowly running his hand up the outside of her leg, across her hip, and teasing at the top of her slit.

“Yes...” she replied, wondering what had changed.

“I think they are starting to trust you being naked a little, so I know how much you’ve missed this” he continued, his fingers now sliding down between her thighs, bolding cupping her sex as his middle finger probed her wetness.

Tia stood, braced against the door, her heart pounding as the electric tingles surged through her body. She was always wet lately, it seemed, her mind continually going to that place that made her feel as if she might dare anything. Pressed against the door, she did not protest, far from it. She moaned in pleasure as he touched her, and she willingly parted her legs, granting him easier access to touch her however he wanted.

“Bet you can’t wait for them to go out again tomorrow. You can be tied up, naked, cumming like a horny little slut. Hmm? You are, aren’t you? Horny. A horny eager slut?”

“Oh, god ... mmmmm” she moaned, feeling herself getting very close to cumming, that quick. Just a minute or two and she was ready to pop.

“Look what you do to us, hmm?: he said, pulling back and showing the bulge in his pants. “You want to see, don’t you? I bet you can’t wait to see “ he teased, taking her hand and placing it atop his jeans.

Tia pulled her hand away, shocked, though she stared at his obvious erection while he played with her slick opening.

“I think sometime soon we will have to have you do the searching, who knows what might come up if you do” he teased, rubbing his thumb across her clit as she began to succumb to the pleasure.

“Plus, I think we need a new journal entry that explains just how much of all this was your idea, or I will have to tell Thomas you’ve been pulling the strings this whole time. Except for me of course. Wonder what they’d do if they thought you had been lying and stuff.”

Tia shook her head, her arousal making her decision making suspect, but she protested. “No. No, I’ll write something.”

“Better make it good, you know you want more than just being tied up and teased.”

“I. Will,” Tia answered, gasping, bucking against his hand as his teasing escalated and he drove her to cum against his hand. As she calmed down, she saw him step back, and lift his damp fingers to his nose, sniffing them before tasting the wetness coating his fingertips. The whole time he just looked at her, steadily. With an odd intensity. When he dropped his hand, he did not hide his need to adjust himself, sliding his hand boldly inside of his pants and pulling his erection vertical, making it somewhat less obvious as he pulled her away from the door.

“Don’t forget now” he said, opening her door and looking out carefully before pulling it the rest of the way open and leaving her to return to her room. Tia had a pretty good idea of what he was going to do. She knew what she would be doing if he had not just made her quickly cum like that.

’I sure didn’t forget, now, did I?’ Tia thought to herself. She steeled her nerves before heading to the bathroom. It was done now, in any event. And if they read that story, they would no doubt believe she wanted all of what happened to Jen to happen to her. And maybe she did. She knew she had enjoyed reading it, and her self-stimulated orgasm she gave herself while reading was as good as any she had those nights tied to the bench. She took her time in the bathroom, wanting to make sure the boys had enough time to ‘sneak’ a look at her journal, eventually deciding a quick shower would not be that unusual. By the time she was finished and walking back to her room wrapped in a couple of towels, she figured almost an hour had passed. She glanced at her journal and noticed it was not where she left it, and she knew that the truth was now out. It remained to be seen what the trio did with that information once their parents went out in about an hour.

Tia turned from closing and locking the door after giving her mother a goodbye kiss on her freshly made-up face. She had come down wearing her sleepshirt (and nothing else) and she had caught her mother simply shaking her head and smiling slightly. Deciding to hang around and try to ensure there was no parental concern, she had listened dutifully to her parent’s reminders to behave and to listen to Thomas. That last parental command had made her stomach do tiny flip flops: If they only knew what Thomas’s rules entailed, these days, they would never allow it. Rather than make her question her ongoing game with her brothers, it merely made her resolve to be even more careful when they were around. She had worked too hard to get things to where they were now, she did not want to screw it up.

She headed back towards the kitchen, stopping when she heard the boys tromping down the stairs. Momentarily confused, she saw they were all wearing a t-shirt along with what looked like pajama bottoms. She did not even know Tim and Thomas still had pj’s, she thought, fairly certain she had heard them talking about just sleeping in their undies one time while teasing Terrence. Bemused, she was left wondering what this had to do with what she had written in her journal.

Thomas saw her standing awkwardly in the entryway near the bottom of the stairs and waved her to follow. “Come on. It’s not like it’s a secret you want to play now, is it?”

With that being said, she followed her brothers into the other room, standing nervously in front of the couch as Terrence and Thomas sat down. Tim soon returned from the kitchen with a chair, and he motioned for her to sit down, facing the three of them now crowded a bit on the couch.

“It seems as if you’ve been keeping secrets. Pretending to go along with the searches even though it was your idea all along? Is that right?”

Thomas sounded a little more confident than before, and Tia began to realize that now that they’d read her admission, along with the other story, that things were likely going to be a bit different. She was a little worried, though she was fairly certain that Tim would make sure that things did not get weird, and Terrence would never let them do anything to make her upset.

“Yes,” she said simply, sitting there on the chair and trying to calm her mind, stop herself from constantly wondering what they were going to do.

“Well, since you’ve been lying and manipulating us all along, I think, we think, it’s only fair that this time you show us what you want. All by yourself.”

Tia played with the hem of her sleepshirt as she thought about what they were asking. She needed to show them what she wanted? Like ... just lay down and ask for them to touch her pussy? Shaking her head, she tried to think of a way to not appear like a total slut, though she knew what most people would think if they knew what she was doing with her brothers, what she wanted them to do. Making up her mind, she stood up and headed out of the room.

“Hey! Where are you going? Are you upset now?”

“No. Just getting a towel”

“Why did you go get a towel?” Thomas asked as she returned, folding and placing the towel on the seat of the chair.

She looked back at her brothers, disbelief on her face. They could not be seriously questioning why she got a towel. Seeing the trace of a smirk on Thomas’s lips, and Tim’s knowing nod, she realized that they were simply trying to embarrass her, or something.

Blushing a little she explained briefly. “I get wet. And there’s a cushion:” She patted the fabric seat of the chair briefly before quickly lifting her sleep shirt and tossing it to the side. Facing her brothers, she sat down on the towel, naked and more than a little excited.

“Oh, that’s it? You just want to get naked in front of us?”

Tia shook her head from side to side, her long black hair brushing her bare shoulders lightly.

Tia put her hands behind her as if she was being tied up. Staring at her nearly mesmerized brothers, she scooted a bit forward on the seat and parted her knees. Further and further she parted them until she could feel the lips of her sex pull apart, damp and sticky with her arousal. Realizing they could see right inside of her, she stifled a moan of arousal as she pressed her knees as far apart as she could, her bottom scooting a bit forward as she did so. Tucking her ankles back underneath the chair, she reached down and stretched to grab a hold of one, the strain of pulling her ankle up pulling her hand further down behind her. She could release herself anytime by letting go of her ankles, but for the moment she was effectively forced open and exposed by her own hands.

She sat there, holding herself open and exposed, her arms to the side and back, her hands hidden below the seat of the chair holding onto her ankles. Tia watched as Thomas and Tim exchanged a look before Thomas spoke up again.

“And...?”

Tia flushed, her arousal building quickly as she sat and exposed herself. Licking her lips, wetting them, she took a moment before answering. She could see all three watching her intensely, and the simple fact of being on display, of her own volition, made the whole scene a little more intense than in the past.

“Um, “ she said, hesitating again for a second, “you can touch me.” She felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment as she said out loud what she had been doing and wanting all along. It was one thing to go along with their searches, it was another to say that she wanted them to touch her. A whole other thing for sure, she thought as she closed her eyes briefly, unable to look at them watching her anymore.

“You mean like this?” Tia opened her eyes, startled as Tim’s voice was suddenly very close. She saw he had gotten up and moved to stand next to her without her being aware of his movement. His fingers reached out and slid down over her right breast, cupping and holding it as she sat in her chair, her arms straining a little from the pull of her ankles. As his hand moved to her other breast, she could see his arousal clearly - the thin fabric of his pajamas not doing a good job at constraining his erection. She watched as it moved a little from side to side as he cupped her other breast, pinching her nipple and sending delicious tendrils of pleasure straight down to her vagina.

“Anyplace else?” Tim said, teasing, standing close to her, not hiding his arousal, his tented pajamas inches from her bare shoulder.

Tia looked at him, flushed and aroused, and nodded. She looked at the couch and saw both Thomas and Terrence watching the two of them. She could see they were also aroused, though Terrence kept a hand over his crotch as if trying to hide it. Thomas was much more blatant, he kept his legs spread, almost as if he was showing it off. Perhaps he was.

“Hmm? I couldn’t hear you” Tim teased moving enough that his erection rocked from side to side inside his pajamas.

‘Yes. My vagi--, my pussy” she said, correcting herself, wanting to use a sex word and not a clinical one. She didn’t dare use Katie’s word for it. At least not yet. She still was not sure what all was going to happen if Tim and the others found out Katie was doing something similar.

“Oh we know all about that, don’t we?” he said, continuing to tease her as his hand moved down and poised above her slit, his fingers playing with the small mass of dark curls framing her sex. Tia felt the nearness of his touch and the sensations seemed to swirl around her, shooting down her thighs, but also zeroing in on her wet center. She could feel the blood rushing into her sex simply from his touch being so near, and she felt a dull ache begin to throb in and around her clit.

Tia bit her lip, watching Tim as well as the others as his fingers slid lower, parting her damp curls and sliding over the top of her aroused clit. She moaned slightly, then gasped as his fingers continued down, sliding in between and parting her already damp lips, exposing a bit of her pinkness as she strained to hold onto her ankles. Her thighs were trembling a little from the strain, but it stretched and exposed her so completely she could feel each movement of his fingers ten times as intense as before.

Boldly playing with her damp, wet sex, Tim began to finger her steadily, his finger sliding up and down her slit, circling her clit, then sliding back down and penetrating her to tease her on the inside of her sex. Tia could feel herself getting quite wet, soaking Tim’s fingers and hand, and she pressed against him eagerly, her body straining to find that little bit of extra pleasure.

Tim stopped playing with her a moment, standing back up straight, his tented pajamas even more obvious. Tia could not stop looking at him, it was so close, so strange, and also a little scary.

“Can’t take your eyes off it, can you. You are not the only one that is enjoying this. We all are. And it’s time you admitted you not only like what I was doing, but that it makes us get boners. Thomas, Terrence, grab the ropes, we don’t want her to strain so much, though, we do appreciate your willingness.”

It was clear that all three of her brothers were enjoying her nude and open-legged position, as their pajamas all continued to show significant tenting. Where Terrence seemed to be hiding his from being so obvious, Thomas was quite the opposite. While Tim had simply stood there and placed himself at just below her eye level, Thomas did not hesitate to grab and adjust himself a couple of times as they bound her ankles to the chair leg, keeping her legs well parted so they all could see her wet sex.

Tim waited until they were done tying her ankles before beginning to play with her slit again. Then stopped for a moment, then started up again.

“Hmmm, watch how she moves, she really does want this. Needs it even!” he told the others, continuing to stop and start his movements, making Tia jerk and try to chase after his touch without any success.

Tia felt her hands bound together and tied behind the chair back, not so tight as to hurt, but tight enough that she was not going anywhere. Tim continued to lean over and play with her wet cunny, his fingers making her wetter and wetter.

“God, good thing she got a towel!” he said, pulling his hand away and holding up his damp fingers. Tia sat and stared at them, her heart pounding and her need great. When he didn’t return to touching her right away, she begged “Please?”

“Oh, please? Yes, I think so. We do want you to be happy, don’t we guys?” Tim said, and dove his fingers back inside his twin sister, probing and thrusting until she was once again gasping out her pleasure. And again he stopped before she could get her release.

Tim stepped back and she saw him look at her for a moment, smiling, before glancing at Thomas -- some sort of silent communication going on.

“I must admit I was surprised at that story you mentioned. I thought for sure it was going to involve a spanking or something. But it didn’t, did it? Not really I mean yes there was some spanking and other things. Some about Jen being tied up. Teased as well, but that was not how Jen was marked, was she??

Tia didn’t say anything, sure she knew what was coming but unable to say anything. Unable to say anything to stop this nor to encourage it. She sat there squirming as she saw Tim reach for his covered erection, boldly grasping, it molding the fabric around it and stroked it a couple of times

“No. It’s clear to us that you want something else besides just tying you up and playing with your wet pussy. Your wet cunt. It is a cunt isn’t it?” He said, reaching down and boldly holding onto her sex with his whole hand. “You want us to mark you in a much more personal way. Don’t you? Don’t you? I said!” he repeated, moving closer and holding his cloth-covered cock right in front of her

“Yes.” and then again “Yes!”. Tia said closing her eyes for a moment and blushing before starting up at her twin’s face and then slowly letting her gaze drop to his midsection

Tim didn’t move back at all, he stayed embarrassingly close to her as he stopped touching himself and grabbed the elastic waistband of his PJs. Quicker than she could think about it, he pulled his pants down to his thighs, his prick bobbing in space as he stood there. The top part of his penis, the head, was angry purple and red, and she could see it was slightly wet.

Suddenly everyone was quiet, watching her and Tim, no one saying a word. After a moment Tim reached down and grabbed himself, his fingers curling around his shaft as he stroked himself a couple of times, pointing his prick at her, then he paused again. His prick was throbbing as he held it, a bit of clear liquid seeping out of the tip. She looked up at his face again before staring at his erection, scared, but excited. She hoped he was going to do what had happened in the story, and she hoped she liked it in reality as much as she liked reading about it.

Tim groaned, and she heard him mutter “Fuck it” before suddenly stroking himself faster. Much faster. She watched as he much more boldly began to play with his prick, his hand almost a blur as he leaned in closer, his hand flying just in front of her chest as he stood against the side of the chair, one leg on either side of her right knee. It almost looked painful, she thought, as he kept on stroking, faster and faster until he let out a long low groan and his cum began to fly out of the end of his penis. She jerked a little, surprised when a spurt of warmth hit her neck, followed by much more hitting her upper chest and then her right breast. It was warm and very kinky, everything she had thought it might be, and as she sat there, tied up and unable to do anything to stop him, he continued to stroke himself, cum now oozing out of the tip as his orgasm subsided. He stood there, squeezing the last bits out, before leaning forward and dragging the wet tip of his prick across her bare shoulder, like he was wiping himself off on her. Tia was so worked up she longed to reach down and touch herself but her hands were quite effectively bound and she could do little besides pull against her bindings, her legs straining to close a little and give her some sort of stimulation.

“Jesus, fucking hey” she heard Thomas say, and suddenly he was on her other side, pulling down his pajama bottoms and exposing his thick throbbing penis. Tim was suddenly gone, though she barely realized it, her eyes watching every move of Thomas as he cupped his balls and waved his erection in her face.

“Get over there. We said if one of us does it, we all have to. No one is getting anyone into trouble”. Tia heard Tim talking over by the couch, though she did not pay much attention to him and Terrence as Thomas began to slowly stroke his cock while she watched. His penis looked thicker, and the head was very large, at least compared to the only other dick she had seen in real life. She had googled images, of course, and she knew that dicks came in many shapes and sizes, but this was the first time she had seen them in person. She watched as Thomas continued to slowly stroke himself, his motion a little different than Tim’s, much more measured, as if he was grabbing himself hard and trying to milk the stuff out of himself. She could see the head of his penis swell and darken every time his hand moved up his shaft, becoming even more engorged (if that was possible!). She realized she was staring and looked away, glancing up at Thomas’s face before scanning the room and seeing Terrence and Tim coming back to stand near her.

Thomas continued his measured approach, teasing, his movements steady and constant. “She can hardly look away,” he said to the others, his voice sounding huskier, deeper. “Can you? Hmm?” he said, talking again with her, moving a bit closer, his breathing sounding more strained.

Tia could feel Tim’s earlier ejaculations cooling on her body, dripping down her skin and making her feel a little dirty, a little messy. The idea of them doing this, like the men in the story had done with Jen, had been more than a little exciting, and she loved it when it shot out and hit her skin. Afterward, though, it felt a little colder, and a little slimy. She was beginning to regret her decision a little bit when she saw Thomas suddenly speed up, just like Tim did. All of her misgivings seemed to fade away as she felt primed and ready to be marked again. She saw Terrence moving in on her other side, and she glanced at him briefly, surprised to see a second erection exposed and so close to her. He had not waited for Thomas to finish, and she looked up at his face for a moment, seeing his nervousness, and she tried to smile before being drawn back to watch Thomas as he let out a long groan.

“Oh fuck! That’s so much better, Fuck! I can’t fucking take it” he called out, his prick beginning to spurt its cum onto her body much like Tim’s had, the warm droplets hitting her shoulder, her upper chest, her breast, and a bit in between. As he slowed down and was better able to aim, it was clear he was trying to get it on her breast and nipple, and he pushed himself very close to the tip of her nipple.

Tia was shuddering a little as she felt his spend on her body, and she tried to pull her hands free, eager to touch herself, eager to touch their stuff on her skin. Thomas’s prick briefly touched the side of her boob before pulling away, and she darted a look up at his face, catching him flush as he backed off. Neither of them said anything, and she was not sure if the others had noticed or not. Turning to watch her younger brother, she could see that he was still quite nervous, even though his long pale erection bobbed proudly in front of him.

“I don’t think we should, you know, be doing this. I mean ... It’s Tia!”

“Look at her, she’s wanting you to. Besides. We promised, if I do this, we all do this - no one can be accused of not doing it, remember?’

“Yes, but...

“It’s ok, really, I. I want you to,” Tia said, trying to reassure Terrence. She looked at his prick and tried to make it clear she was ok.

“You, but, it’s not, um. It’s not nice.”

“The stories she likes are not that nice. If she didn’t want this she would not have put the name down. You realize she’s been wanting this, all of this, each step of the way.”

“Yeah, I know, it’s just...” Terrence continued to act more than a little unwilling, though he did not cover up or move away.

“Undo my hand, I’ll show you” Tia chimed in, desperate to continue her fantasy, wanting to make Terrence not so scared.

Tia saw Tim and Thomas exchange a look before Tim went behind her and undid the binding on her hands. As soon as Tia could get her right hand free, she moved it around to her front and between her legs and began to play with her overworked sex. Tim had gotten her so close earlier, and their two orgasms had fired her imagination greatly. It did not take more than a moment before she was moving her hips in time with her fingers circling her clit. She brought her other hand up to lightly touch a puddle of cum on her upper chest, circling it around and playing with it before rubbing it into her skin and moving on to find another droplet.

“Fuck me, look at that, go on, give her more. Seriously!” Thomas sounded surprised as he continued to stand near, his pants brought back up to his waist, but his hand holding onto himself through the fabric.

“Please. Terrence. Do it. Cum on me...” she gasped, feeling her arousal peaking, her body alive like she had come to love. These games were so intense, she wanted more and more.

She stared at her younger brother’s cock as he began to stroke it, his reluctance fading as she continued to make it clear she wanted this. She wanted to see him shoot. Moaning a little, she rode her fingers hard as she gave in to the pleasure, her body climaxing after the long buildup. Crying out, closing her eyes for a moment as she surrendered to the pleasure, she felt an erotic charge just knowing they were all watching her cum. Cum like a naughty eager little sex fiend would. Opening her eyes again, she could see Terrence’s hand flying up and down his long narrow shaft, and she actually saw the tip expand and shoot out his cum, his droplets flying farther than she expected. One hit the side of her face and then the next trickled down the side of her neck and finally onto her chest like the others. Unable to stop herself, her free hand reached for the warm wet cum and slid it around and over her neck and chest, rubbing it in even as more drops of cum hit her body, one of them hitting her hand to be quickly mixed in with the rest.

“Fucking hey, look at her!”

“I told you, now we don’t have to be so, you know, circumspect.”

“Yeah, yeah, circumspect, I like that,” Thomas said, grabbing himself and stroking himself back into hardness, pulling his prick free of his pajamas again, the tip still damp from his recent explosion.

Tia watched as Terrence tucked himself away, though he seemed a little more relaxed about it now. She glanced at Tim before looking back at Thomas and blushing. His penis was getting hard again, and she wondered how the hell they did that.

“Again?” she asked him, uncertain.

“Oh, you want more? I can see you are already addicted or something. Oh! I got it. New rule. You can ask us to do this, you know, paint you, anytime. But, um, lessee ... when they are gone, it must be at least, I dunno, three times?”

“Three times each? I dunno, let’s say two, but if she wants a third we can try. Depends on how long and stuff.”

Tia shook her head, confused, but not wanting to make a fuss. “No, um, I just meant to ask if you were going to go again, not that I wanted it.”

“But do you?”

“What?”

“Want it. I think you do” he said, stepping closer and stroking himself right in front of her again. The cum on her skin was drying now, making her feel a little odd, but the sight of his thick mushroom-tipped prick inches away from her was making her want to cum all over again.

“Oh ... I ... sure?”

“You don’t sound sure.”

“Yes, please. Again!”

Tia began to play with herself again as Thomas began to jack off again, this time taking a lot longer to cum. She began to wonder how long it normally took guys as she could feel wave after wave of her tiny pleasure orgasms rocking through her as she continued to tease her own body while watching her brother masturbate for her. She continued her own rather wanton display, rocking against her fingers until Thomas again groaned and began to release his seed. He aimed right at her right breast and she felt the warm splashes of his cum on her skin. He pressed the spurting head of his thick prick against the side of her boob, rubbing the tip all around as he finally stopped spurting.

Tia sat there, damp and marked, and watched as her three brothers stood around, not quite sure what to do next. After a moment, she stopped playing with herself and looked at Tim and then Thomas.

“I could do with a shower now. I mean, it was fun, but, you know. Messy.”

“Yeah, yeah, of course, we should have something on hand next time, you know. Though a shower works well when it’s, you know, a lot.” Tim said, looking at Thomas and waiting for the eldest ‘official’ approval. Ostensibly, Thomas was the one in charge, though more and more it was what Tim decided they would do. However, he still worked through Thomas.

Even though she had already had a shower just a couple of hours before, Tia took her time in the shower. She had a lot to think about. On one level, the games they were playing were as good, or even better than what she had hoped for when she had written down the name of that story in her journal. She felt herself as she washed, amazed at how sensitive everything was feeling. It was as if every nerve in her body was suddenly that much more alive, that much more sensitive. She could feel herself drifting away in her mind while she idly stroked her own body, belatedly pulling herself back from the brink when she realized what she was doing. ’ Get a grip! she told herself, quickly finishing and turning off the water, stripping the water from her limbs before grabbing her towel. She looked at herself in the mirror for a long minute, wondering if she looked any different. She sure felt different. Dropping the towel, she looked at her nude body for another moment or two, trying to imagine how her brothers looked at her. Staring into her own eyes, she searched for any regrets. Any part of her that was begging her to stop this game. She saw nothing. Well, nothing besides her usual excited, aroused, and quite eager for more face. Hanging up her towel, she inhaled deeply, calming herself, and headed back down to the living room, her bare body cooling a bit as she left the humid confines of the bathroom.

The boys were all watching an episode of Clone Wars when she got back to the living room, though Tim quickly paused the show when she entered the room. Their eyes all seemed riveted on her as she came into the room, her eyes widening a little when she noticed they had removed the chair and put the bench back ‘front and center so to speak.

“Good. Good. Hope you feel all clean now. At least for a minute or two!” Thomas said with a bit of a leer, nodding at the bench. “We just realized, this is a bit unfair. You’ve watched us, you know, cum, and we’ve got you off before. But we’ve never just had you show us how you do it. Not really. So. No time like the present? Unless you want us to tie you up first. You told us you liked that a lot too.”

Tia flushed, not opposed to the idea, but the bold baldness of the request made it clear that things had changed. Changed in the way she had wanted, for sure, but it was still a little bit startling. A little scary.

“Um, no, at least, it’s easier for me when I’m not tied, obviously.” she said, adjusting her towel they had thoughtfully removed from the chair before bringing out the padded bench. She sat down, looking at them for a moment before laying down on the bench, trying to relax for a moment. They would be able to see everything she did, she knew, and she felt a little awkward at first, touching herself briefly.

“Go on, we want to see how you do it!”

“I know, it’s just, you know, hard to do this. I mean. Just give me a minute.” Tia said, closing her eyes and trying to calm herself. She began to imagine herself in one of the Jen stories and as she lightly ran a hand up to her breast, she felt that familiar warmth begin to fill her insides. As she began to feel ‘it’, feel that warmth rising, that enjoyment tingling inside of her, she ran her hand down over her stomach, lightly tracing along her pubic hair, toying with herself. She opened her eyes and turned her head on its side, looking at her brothers as they watched her. She was laid back on the bench, her legs on either side, feet on the floor. She ran her hand up to cup her breast, squeezing it, taking her thumb and forefinger, and squeezing her nipple before letting go. She saw them watching her. Watching her hand move. She began to feel something new. She had loved being tied up and touched. All over. Made to cum. Unable to stop them. It was a rush all its own. But so was this. Watching their eyes following her hand, looking straight between her legs. She could feel herself getting wetter and wetter, even though she had not even touched herself down there yet. Her open sex was pointed right at Thomas, with Tim on the couch and Terrence in the overstuffed chair getting almost as good a viewpoint. Just not direct on. Like Thomas. She could see him staring right at her as she reached down and lightly circled her clit, feeling it throb, feeling it send those delicious tingles all the way down to her toes.

There was something about watching them stare at her while she touched herself that excited her in a way she had not expected. As she began to feel her heat rising, and her hips began to move slightly in response to her erotic touch, she began to want them to really watch, to see her be naughty, to see her touch her pussy, her clit, to see her stick a finger inside of herself like an eager naughty slut. And suddenly, as much as she had felt awkward at first, she now felt just as wanton and daring. Moaning, she dipped a finger inside of her sex as she spread her knees wide, opening herself up further, and slowly fingered herself for a moment. She turned and looked at Tim, seeing he was as entranced as her older brother, and she bucked a little against her hand as she watched them watching her. Checking on Terrence, she saw his face was red and his eyes were intent as she put on her show. All three were watching her so closely it gave her a completely new way to feel good.

Warming up now, her arousal raging through her, Tia began to move her hips as she pressed herself into her hand eagerly, keeping her legs spread as she wantonly showed off for her brothers. It felt so good. So naughty. So good. “Mmmmmmm” she moaned, feeling her orgasm nearing. She paused to run her finger up and down her slit a couple of times, feeling her slickness coating her sex and the insides of her upper thighs. “Oh god, I am so wet now. So wet, mmmmm”. Her fingers returned to her clit, circling it, pinching it slightly between her first two fingers. “God ... mmmm” her words faded and her voice turned to little more than moans and groans of pleasure.

Tia looked at Thomas and saw he was eagerly fisting his cock, watching her masturbate while spread open on the bench. She increased her movements, driving herself closer and closer to completion while she stared at his hand on his cock. As she got closer, she stopped moaning long enough to tell him “You can do it again, Mark me. Please?” She practically begged as her orgasm built up inside of her, and she longed to be as naughty as she could. She saw him stand up and move to the side of the bench, his hand flying over his thick penis as she lay spread across the bench, feverishly touching herself at the same time. When he began to cum, droplets of his warm cum splattering across her chest and breasts, she clamped her left hand hard over her wet cunny and ran her right hand up to spread his cum around on her skin.

“Oh god, oh fuck!” she cried, almost pinching herself with her hand as she looked up and saw Tim on the other side of her, his hand flying up and down his cock as well. Her hand was clutching herself hard, her cunt pressing into it, feeling her pressure build to the breaking point. She began to cum, crying out loud in pleasure as she felt Tim’s cum begin to drop onto her, her right hand eagerly seeking out the droplets, coating her fingers.

“Oh so bad, you marked me, you all marked me” she cried, moving her cum covered fingers down her belly, leaving a wet trail, before circling her clit with her slick fingers. She was still rocking her hips, coming down from her high, touching herself with her fingers slick with their cum. She closed her eyes in pleasure, moaning and enjoying the aftermath, looking up when she felt more cum hitting her lower stomach and her hand. Terrence had joined the others, standing between her spread legs and cumming all over her hand and lower stomach. She continued to smooth out the drops of cum, rubbing it in circles over her skin as she slowly calmed down. Looking up at the three of them, she could see them all reacting a little differently. Terrence seemed almost apologetic as he slowly stopped stroking himself, whereas Tim simply stood, his spent cock still twitching a little. Thomas was smirking as he put his pj’s back around his hips, and he grabbed himself when he saw her looking.

“Just holler when you want some more,” he said. She thought he sounded as if he was teasing her, but it was also clear he was serious. She had definitely opened up something new between them.

“I’ll get a warm rag, you’ve already had two showers!”

Tia watched as Tim left the room, and in the afterglow of her orgasm, she began to feel a little awkward. After a moment she was able to calm herself, breathing deep and staring at her other two brothers as they both set back down. She had wanted this. She loved it, actually. She was not going to feel bad about it now. When Tim returned and offered to wash her skin off, she nodded, watching him as he ran the warm rag all over her breasts and then down across her stomach. She held up her hand for him to clean, and nodded when he looked at her damp sex. The rag was cooling, but still a little warm as he gently ran it across her open lips, and pressed lightly against her still engorged clit, making her jump a little.

“There you go,” he said, getting up and taking the washrag back to the bathroom. Tia slowly sat up and saw that Thomas and Terrence were barely looking at her as they returned to the show they had paused. Bemused a little, she shivered as she realized this was the new normal.

