Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 23 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mf-nosex, ff-nosex
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
I needed a cover story while I got close enough to a 
slippery bastard called Adam Pringle to make sure he 
didn't cause any more grief in the world.

Somehow I ended up screwing my foster-sister Anna as well 
as two of her friends, Hailey and Rosalie.

Somehow we all fell in love.

*SOMEHOW* I've got to try and settle this mess without 
breaking too many hearts.

*********************************************************

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Anna!?  Are you in there?"

"Huh?"

Oops.  You weren't supposed to actually answer him 
Sweetheart!

"Open the door - now!"

Doug seemed cross.  I couldn't begin to imagine why.

It was Monday morning and having put him and Ma on the 
alert after openly displaying our feelings, Anna and I 
had slept the whole night through after she had once 
again snuck into my bedroom.

I picked up my boxers, noticed Anna's PJs and threw them 
to her before hopping across the room with one leg in and 
the other foot caught.  I stepped out of the way as the 
door flew open immediately the snib had been released.

"What do you think you're doing in here?"

"If you give me a second - getting dressed."

"Don't give me any cheek, Anna.  You know this room is 
off limits to you.  Being told you can see Roger isn't 
the same as sleeping with him.  And you...!"

I took another step back, mainly because it gave me room 
to *AVOID* hurting the man who had taken me into his home 
and who I was sure my girlfriend loved deeply.

"If it helps sir - we did just sleep."

"Yeah right - which is why my daughter is putting her 
pyjamas on under your covers and I'm pretty sure you've 
worn those all night - backwards.

Ma poked her head in.  She didn't look happy either but 
wasn't about to let anything happen or be said that would 
cause irreparable damage.

"I want you two to get ready for school and come 
downstairs for breakfast.  We will discuss your behaviour 
there.  Come on Doug."

She eased him out the door.  I closed it quietly as they 
made their way downstairs.

Anna looked strange.  She was relieved at the issue of 
our sexual relationship being in the open - despite the 
actual absence of sex on this occasion - while at the 
same time being concerned over what her parents' 
reactions would be.

Mainly she wanted to be held quietly for just a minute or 
two before the storm - me in my backward boxers and her 
in just her PJ pants.

"I guess we blew it," she eventually offered.

"I guess we were tired after all!"

"I'm sorry.

"I'm not.  I love you Anna, and if your parents can 
accept that they're going to accept we were eventually 
going to have a physical relationship."

"Will they accept we've been having one for a couple of 
weeks?"

"Maybe we keep that to ourselves then."

"I want to shower with you."

"Is that wise?"

Anna just shrugged.  "Can't make things worse can it?"

"I'll leave the door open then."

"See you in a minute or so."

We kissed, a little sadly, and Anna headed down the 
corridor, her top clutched to her chest in case Brent 
came out.  I found myself admiring her back then went in 
to use the toilet before she returned.

Anna slid in behind me as I stood under the shower.  She 
put her arms around me and took the soap from my hand.

"If either of us is Brent this is going to be awfully 
embarrassing," she quipped.

I had already washed my front but Anna made doubly sure 
that everything was squeaky clean.

"I don't want to get my hair wet this morning."

I adjusted the shower rose and turned so the water was 
striking the middle of my back.  Anna's fingers dug into 
my butt and she pulled my wet front against her dry body.

"I could get used to this - do you think they'll let us?  
Or will this be the last time for anything?  Could they 
send you away?"

"They could I suppose but I wouldn't start worrying about 
that until they have had their say.  However I don't 
think we should give them time to get upset again if 
they've calmed a little so let me wash you and then we 
should get dressed." 

Anna and I moved around and she leaned back against me as 
I soaped her breasts and pussy, even rejoicing in my 
hands rubbing the suds through her armpits and over her 
shoulders.

"Oh yes, I *COULD* get used to this!"

I knew I could too.

---

We walked downstairs together with our schoolbags and 
left them ready by the front door.  Anna had dressed in 
half her usual time and some of her haste showed.  She 
just hadn't wanted me to be downstairs alone.

Our plates were on the table and Ma came and sat with 
Doug once we'd taken our places.  Brent must have been 
woken when we were but sensible avoided the coming 
crisis.

"Eat!"  Ma had spoken to Doug.  She'd told him before 
that he wasn't going to have to be the bad cop to her 
good cop and intended to show she could be as tough as 
him.

"We are both disappointed in the pair of you.  We 
counselled you both to go slowly and to wait until you 
had your studies out the way and what did you do - jump 
into bed at the first opportunity."

I tried to comment but Ma held up a hand to stop me.  
"You'll get your chance - it's my turn."

I did the only thing I could - I kept eating.

"I want to treat you as adults but I'm not sure you can 
behave that way.  I want honest answers from you.  Roger 
- have you and Anna had sex yet?"

Doug seemed ready to pummel me regardless of how I 
answered but Ma must have told him - in her own way - to 
just sit down, shut up, and let her handle things.

I looked her straight in the eye.  "Last night, no; 
previously, yes."

Doug stirred.

"Why not last night?"

"Quite honestly, we had both had a long day and were 
tired.  We intended only cuddling but fell asleep."

"And if you continue staying her, you two would go on 
having sex regardless of our feelings I suppose?"

Anna picked up on the "if you continue".  I put my hand 
over hers and she stopped just before she said anything.  
I think that amazed Ma and Doug as much as it did me.  
Anna was prepared to let me go into bat for both of us - 
though perhaps waiting in reserve as reinforcements might 
have been a better analogy.  She did have more experience 
dealing with them and perhaps was aware when being quiet 
was a better strategy.

"You might doubt us but we do love each other and we 
aren't careless about having sex.  I'm sure we would both 
listen to any arguments you might make but I'm equally 
sure we wouldn't be able to promise not to have sex again 
unless we felt there was more reason than your wishes.  
Sorry."

Anna was nodding beside me.

"We need to think things over.  You know we're not happy 
you both disregarded the rules you were given and we're 
not happy you run the risk of messing up your futures.  
Finish your breakfast and get ready for school - I'll 
drop you off and you'll be late if you don't hurry.  
We'll talk again tonight."

Doug looked discontented.  I guess he wanted to have his 
say now rather than later.  Ma had convinced him that our 
school day would be disrupted enough as it was without 
the pair of us planning to run off together because he'd 
told me I would be leaving.

My day was disrupted anyway since I no longer had a need 
to maintain it as a cover other than to avoid appearing 
out of character.  I hoped my next job allowed me to be 
at least my true age if not a little older.

Doug left; I was rather glad we weren't in his car this 
morning.  I had to admire his restraint though.  If my 
teenage daughter had been deflowered by a house guest I 
might have felt the need to do more than squeal my tyres.

I stood and placed my plate and cutlery in the sink.  Ma 
shooed me away, telling me once more to get ready.  I 
think she found her own stress relief in washing them for 
me.  Nothing ended up broken so I guess I had to admire 
her restraint as well.

Anna indicated with her head that I was to leave her 
alone with her mother; I didn't think twice about 
eavesdropping though.

"Are we still okay Ma?  You and me?"

"Of course Anna.  That can't, or at least shouldn't, 
change.  That doesn't mean I think you've been sensible."

"I know you aren't happy but can you understand we are?  
I do love Roger and I know he loves me."

"A few weeks ago he was taking other girls out.  It's a 
sudden change to decide he only loves you.  What if in 
another couple of weeks he decides he loves someone else; 
what do you do?  And if you have a fight?  You're both 
stuck here in this house together."

"You and Dad don't always get along.  You're stuck here 
just as much as we are.  At least we've got you and Dad 
to knock our heads together if necessary."

"You're lucky your father didn't do more than that this 
morning when you didn't answer from your room."

"Ma?"

"Yes?"

"While you're thinking about what we are going to discuss 
later could I ask you to consider something?"

"You can ask."

"Is there any chance Roger could move into my room?"

Ma took a long look at Anna.  At least there was no sound 
of an explosion.

"You really like to push your luck, don't you?"

"Well I don't know what you are going to decide and I 
guess you and Dad are a bit unsure too.  If you come down 
heavy then there's not much I can do about it.  If you 
decide to accept our love then it seems silly for Roger 
and I to have separate rooms.

"I don't think I will spring that on your father just yet 
but I will consider it.  You're young Anna, as is Roger.  
Young to have a relationship that should be more than 
just a casual fling; *TOO* young to have one that ends up 
with you pregnant."

"We *ARE* being careful Ma."

"Careful isn't always enough."

"Mmm.  They make me feel so good though."

Oh-oh! I thought.

Ma thought her daughter meant orgasms rather than 
partners - fortunately.

"There is more to a relationship than just sexual 
pleasure Anna.  That is one of the things that you find 
out as you get older, as you have a chance to discover 
each other as people rather than as sex objects.  You 
have to like someone before you can really love them and 
it takes time to find out a person's bad points as well 
as their good ones.  That's the whole point of dating - 
to understand a person as a real person not just the 
image you first see.  You take the time to find out if 
you want to give yourself to them before you take what 
should be a serious step."

"While we didn't wait that long I didn't just have sex at 
the first opportunity.  Roger is gentle, loving, 
considerate."

"Lethal, secretive, deceitful," I added to myself then 
included one further item - "non-existent". 

"He cares for others - I had a chance to see that.  
Rosalee and Hailey see it in him as well; that's how come 
we get on so well together."

"I don't doubt he cares for you.  It's more a case of 
whether you care for each other in a few weeks time when 
the novelty of sex has faded a little and the reality of 
each other's faults begins to hit you both."

"What faults?"

"Does he snore?  Do you fart in the mornings?  Does he 
leave his dirty socks around the bedroom?  Do you always 
insist on watching some inane sitcom when there is some 
documentary on?  All sorts of things you might decide are 
far more important than they seem as I say them."

"You complain Dad snores."

"I'd complain more if he left his laundry around the 
room.  Come on, you'll be late as it is."  She raised her 
voice, "You ready Roger."

I walked back into the kitchen after a slight pause.  
"Yes."

Ma wasn't fooled.  "You understand what I said?"

"Yeah.  I understand.  I guess I've found life can turn 
out to be terribly short and when you find someone you 
feel is special it is hard to want to waste a minute of 
the time you could spend together."

Ma looked more closely at me.  I guess I wasn't sounding 
like a seventeen year old.

"In the car then and try not to think about this all 
day."  I barely heard her mutter the rest, "That's what 
I'll be doing.

---

We separated with a hug and Anna's "Sorry I got you into 
this mess" followed by my laugh.

"Anna, my loving Sweetheart.  I couldn't think of anyone 
I'd rather be in this mess with.  We'll survive it - if 
we survive first period - scoot!"

I got to my home room just before the teacher who didn't 
try to interrupt those who were busy discussing the 
tragedy and asking if I'd heard about Kyra and Mark.

"Yes but not the full story.  Does anyone know how it 
happened?"

I heard five versions in two minutes before Ms Aster 
called us to order.

"You are probably aware that we lost two of your 
classmates over the weekend in tragic circumstances."

There was a sob from somewhere behind me.

'We have some people coming this morning to talk to us 
generally and then to those of you who knew Kyra and Mark 
Pringle well or who feel the loss.  Don't feel 
embarrassed to show emotion; there is nothing wrong with 
caring for your friends."

They meant well but it was to be the start of a L-O-N-G 
day!

Lunchtime, Anna sought me out and we held each other in 
the presence of my classmates.  Hugging wasn't normally 
permitted but a few people had gone home - either 
legitimately distressed or taking advantage of the excuse 
to get out of classes.  Those that remained were 
sometimes weepy and their friends gathered around to 
support them.  This inevitably involved bodily contact 
that was not sexual.

Anna started by asking if I was okay.  The lower classes 
had limited if any contact with the deceased and were 
counselled more generally.  They had been told to be 
sensitive to our needs and how some of us might react 
with denial and later anger before we could grieve 
properly.  Anna wondered whether that was the reason I 
had been so calm yesterday.

"I'm sadder today I guess.  It took me a little while to 
deal with my mother's death; my fathers didn't affect me 
as much.  I guess when you've been through it before it 
is easier to accept especially if you've only spent a few 
hours with them."

"You've only spent a few hours with me," Anna pointed 
out.

"Most filled with a lifetime of love.  I would grieve 
heavily for you if you were to be taken from me."

I got rib-crushing proof that my death would have a 
similar effect on Anna.

Those who had seen me with Kyra thought Anna was 
supporting me.  We didn't kiss and fooling around in any 
way at school was only going to make matters worse at 
home if we were discovered so that wasn't going to be a 
consideration.

I even consoled one of the guys who had broken down, but 
in the way of guys on campus - patting his back, holding 
his shoulder, telling him that it was okay to show his 
emotions and that, today, no-one would think any less of 
him.

---

School was out and Anna turned up at the entrance shortly 
after I sat down to wait on the wall bearing the name of 
the school.

"Oh well, on to the slaughter." 

I stood and we set out for home.  "Do you really think 
so?  Ma seemed somewhat uncertain whether to kill us or 
marry us off."

Anna suddenly looked at me with surprise in her eyes.  
I'd said the "M" word which she considered totally 
ridiculous.  Of course I hadn't made any suggestion - we 
were only at High School and had only known each other 
for a total of four weeks at about this hour.

Anna might have been romantic enough to consider how 
"Anna" and "Torrent" went together but she was realistic 
enough to know that the things her mother had said about 
getting to know each other were quite valid.

If I'd proposed she would have said wait.  If I'd asked 
her to run off with me she might have gone without 
thinking twice.

"If they say it's okay would you like to share my room?"

Anna had been thinking about the possibility all day and 
while she liked the idea she wondered if it had been the 
right thing to talk to Ma before raising it with me.

"It would be a bit crowded but I'd love to wake up next 
to you every morning." 

"I'd ask Ma and Dad for a bigger bed."

"Does that mean I'd have to help get it up the staircase?  
Hmm, can I reconsider??"

"Though Rosalee and Hailey would spit chips when they 
found out." 

"Well if we kept my bedroom as it is I could sleep back 
there and you could invite them over for the night."

"I was actually thinking they'd be envious of me getting 
the bulk of your time."

"You don't think they are envious of me too?"

"Not as much.  We have fun and I love them and would 
welcome them to stay with me but I really do love you 
best and I think they feel much the same way."

"You must all hate me as well then for not choosing."

"No.  You've chosen - just not what any of us would 
prefer but possibly the best choice in the circumstances.  
If you move in I think Hailey and Rosy will worry you 
will end up letting convenience make a second choice and 
I don't want that.  You will have to find a way to share 
your nights with them as well somehow."

"You don't want to make things too easy for me, do you?"

"Nope!  But you've got bigger problems than that."

"Like what?"

"Like I did sleep well last night so I'm going to be able 
to keep my eyes open tonight.  I might just require you 
to work out how we can make love properly when Ma and Dad 
are determined to keep us apart."

She pulled me closer and I paused to kiss her in the 
middle of the footpath.

---

Ma was home and suggested we get any homework out of the 
way before Doug got home.  She planned to talk further 
with him before our next family meeting and gave us no 
clues as to what the agenda held.

We were getting started, firing up the word processor and 
getting refreshments to share when the doorbell rang and 
then rang again.

Ma was out the back and Anna was partway up the stairs so 
she turned around to answer it.

I heard her say "Rosy" and then "What's the matter?"

I left my books and hurried downstairs.

Rosalee was in Anna's arms, her face buried in Anna's 
shoulder and she was sobbing.

I joined them and Rosalee cried out "Roger!" and grabbed 
me without letting go of Anna.

"What *IS* the matter?"

"My father," she managed.  "He's gone a bit crazy."

We held her while she caught her breath again; the 
emotion, added to her hurried pace getting here, had made 
it difficult for her to talk.

"Our neighbour, Mr Fletcher from last night, told my Dad 
that I was kissing you in the park and then he must have 
seen me when I opened the curtains.  He told Dad about 
that as well and when I got home he went mad at me.  He 
called me names and hit me."

I noticed the redness across the front of Rosalee's 
cheek.  She must have dodged the bulk of the slap or 
punch but it would still have hurt.

I was angry but not foolish enough to go and confront 
him.  Other than satisfying me, and convincing him that 
it wasn't good to be on the receiving end, I didn't think 
it would accomplish much.

"He said he knows we've been sleeping together.  I think 
he's gone through my bedroom but there wasn't anything 
there that I could think of but a condom I kept as a 
souvenir."

We must have looked at her strangely since she added. "It 
hadn't been opened!"

I guess adding one and one and one together and getting 
ten when ten *WAS* closer to the right answer than three 
wasn't too unusual in the circumstances.

"Then he said he was going to kick me out but not before 
I got the thrashing I deserved.  I ducked out the front 
door while he was taking his belt off and came here.  I'm 
sorry."

"Hey, don't worry.  We'll sort it out."

"But I've spoilt everything."

"No you haven't!"  I lifted Rosy's chin and pressed my 
lips to hers.

Anna was still hugging Rosalee from the side and kissed 
her cheek;  Rosalee left my mouth and turned to kiss Anna 
instead.  Their lips parted and tongues collided - as Ma 
came out of the kitchen.

"What!?"

The two girls broke apart.

"Rosalee is having some problems with her parents that 
make ours look like they're nothing," I advised Ma.  "She 
came here seeking our help and support."

"You've got problems?"  Rosalee looked at Ma and then 
back to myself and Anna.

"I fell asleep in Roger's bed last night and my Dad found 
me there this morning.  Ma and Dad know Roger and I have 
had sex and we are supposed to sort it out tonight."

"Oh.  I should go then."

"Don't be silly!"  I caught her and drew her back against 
me.  "Where would you go?  Hailey's?"

"We're not letting you go until we've sorted things out 
at the very least," Anna agreed.  "Come on through to the 
Family Room."

Anna led us with Rosalee's hand in hers while my arm 
remained around Rosalee's waist.  Ma overtook us and 
snagged a place where she could watch us on the three-
seater.  She could understand us hugging Rosalee but that 
was definitely a kiss she had witnessed and not just a 
friendly one.  Our whole attitudes had been of concern 
though and she would deal with that issue first.

Rosalee sat between Anna and myself, drawing on us both 
for strength as she leaned against me and linked forearms 
never releasing Anna's clasped hand.  We all looked at Ma 
when she started.

"Okay, start with what Rosalee's problems are and we'll 
see if they are quite as insurmountable as you imagine."

Rosalee looked back and forth between us.  She didn't 
really want to be the one to speak lest she say something 
we wanted kept quiet.  From her own point of view it 
didn't seem like things could get any worst but she felt 
she could, quite likely, screw up whatever peace Anna and 
I had established with Ma.

Anna spoke up instead.

"When we were coming back from Hailey's house last night 
we stopped at a park near Rosalee's for a few minutes 
and..."

"Why?"

"For a kiss and a cuddle."

Ma didn't say "I see" because at that time she felt she 
didn't see anything clearly.

"Go on."

"Rosalee's neighbour was walking his dog and saw us.  He 
recognised Rosalee and told her father.  He over-
reacted."

Well compared to Ma and Doug this morning, he certainly 
had!

"How come?"

Rosalee spoke up.  "He only saw me and Roger there, so 
Dad thought the worst."

"Well we'll just explain to him that it was Anna and 
Roger kissing."

Something in our expressions told her that this wouldn't 
suffice.

"Okay, what is the rest then?"

"When they dropped me off I went to my bedroom to say 
goodbye again - they were outside my window - the same 
neighbour saw me with the curtains open and told my Dad 
as well."

"And that would upset him how?"

I broke the growing silence.  "Rosalee wasn't exactly 
dressed."

"Oh."  There was a pause.  "And you are used to that?"

"It wasn't the first time I've seen her."

Ma looked to Anna, looked at how *SHE* was drawing as 
much strength from Rosalee's presence as the other girl 
was getting from her daughter.

"You too?"

Anna nodded and Ma settled herself back into her chair to 
compose herself.

"You make a habit of showing yourself off young lady?"

She didn't ask nastily; Ma knew putting unexpected 
pressure on a weak point often made it leak or collapse 
completely.  It might have been unfair on Rosalee but Ma 
wanted to be sure she had the full story, not dribs and 
drabs.  Ma knew *SHE* wouldn't abuse any private 
information that came out but she couldn't help if we 
kept vital information from her.

"No!"

Rosalee didn't want Ma to think badly of her - or to go 
psycho like her father.  "Only when there were the four 
of us."

Rosalee had forgotten the people at the park and had also 
slipped up by indicating there had been one extra 
present.  I didn't consider that important since Ma would 
have soon realised Hailey had been present with us on 
almost every occasion.

"Hailey too.  Should she be here as well?"

"I don't think so,"  I answered.  "Rosalee's mother will 
eventually talk to Hailey's mother I suppose but I don't 
think there is an urgent need to disturb her."

"Her dad seems calmer than mine - I don't think he'd hit 
her but her mother might yell a bit." 

Ma didn't ask *WHY* Hailey should be in as much trouble 
as Rosalee and accepted that there had been some 
incidental violence but that seemed a side issue when 
Rosalee appeared physically sound for now.

"Look I think this has gone past the situation where I 
can just say 'Okay Roger and Anna have had sex - let's 
work it out.'  There has obviously been a lot more 
happening though how you managed to get in such a mess in 
such a short time is beyond me - unless it's been going 
on before Roger arrived?"  She looked at her daughter's 
hand still in Rosalee's.

"Normally I'd accept the situation and say the details 
were your private business but I think we are in damage 
control and I want to know exactly what we are facing - I 
not about to let things blow up any further if I can help 
it.  So, who's going first?  Roger?"

"When we went up to the national park for a swim we found  
quiet spot and went skinny dipping together."

"That must have made you happy!  One young man with three 
young girls."

"Three very attractive young women.  And yes I was."

"And?"

"We got friendly.  I assume you don't want *ALL* the 
details?"

"So you had sex then? Or did that come later?"

"We had sex."

"You and who else at that stage?"

"No Ma.  *WE* had sex."  Anna cuddled Rosalee's bicep 
with her other hand.  "It's not all about Roger."

So the kiss had been significant.

"Uh huh."  Ma looked at me, "You *MUST* have been pleased 
with yourself.'

"Don't blame him Ma.  I wanted to and I'm glad I did.  I 
love Rosy and Hailey as well and I'm pretty sure they 
feel the same way about me."

Rosalee smiled and pressed her lips to Anna's cheek.

Hailey was going to go into shock when she heard 
everything was out in the open.

"You seem to be keeping awfully calm," I suggested to Ma.

"It's that or explode I guess.  I don't know how many 
shocks you can take in the one day and still have the 
energy to react to the next one."

"Can I suggest we sit in the kitchen and have a coffee?"

I knew Rosalee's earlier distress had eased and had 
enough Psych to appreciate the usefulness of day-to-day 
distractions and operations; holding a warm coffee cup 
gave you something to focus on other than the crisis - 
unless you ended up throwing it at a wall or person.

I handed out the coffee cups and took my place.  Ma was 
at one end of the table, Anna and Rosalee along the side 
by the wall and I faced Anna, sitting beside Ma.

"I've got two questions, at least for starters.  I don't 
know how you could consider having sex in a public park 
to be acting responsibly!  People could have come along 
and what did you do about precautions?"

"It was secluded.  A couple did pass through but we knew 
they were coming."

"So, what then?  You hid, or you got dressed again?"

Anna answered her mother.  "We just enjoyed the sunshine 
and spoke to them as they passed through."

"While you were naked!?"

"They were nudists.  They didn't care.  There are whole 
families up there."

Ma realised that I wouldn't have been likely to know 
where to go to find a nudist area and let that matter 
lie.

"And protection?"

"I had condoms in my pack."

"So you went there intending to have sex!?"

"I knew there was a chance - a very good chance, true - 
but it was a days outing together."

"And you girls expected to have sex or was that a 
surprise?"

"I planned to."  Ma looked at Rosalee with some 
amazement.

"I hoped to", Rosalee amended.  "I wanted Roger to be my 
first."

Ma looked at Anna.  "I certainly hope he was yours!" 

"He was and I really, really am glad he was Ma."

Ma shook her head; her little girl wasn't being seduced 
so much as being a willing participant.  There were 
conflicting emotions; joy that her daughter found sex a 
satisfying, happy pastime rather than being introduced to 
it as a painful one-sided experience; fear that it had 
happened when she was far too young and likely to stuff 
up her life; and discomfort at the disturbing group and 
bisexual nature of her daughter's carnal activities.  Ma 
also felt that she wasn't reacting as strictly as she 
felt a parent should.

"So you and Roger had sex - who else Roger?  Did you have 
sex with the others there as well?"

Rosalee was beaming with the memory and I smiled across 
at her as well.  I don't think Ma needed an answer.

"Mrs. Jamieson, we all made love together.  We know it's 
odd; we know we are probably going to have problems.  We 
are young but we're not stupid - though I guess I at 
least do stupid things sometimes."

"Crazy, not stupid love", I told Rosalie.

"Yeah, well we do love each other and I guess we decided 
we'd rather be together sharing that love while it lasted 
than missing out because we couldn't bear to see Roger 
making another one of us happy.  There has been a fair 
bit of sex - unfair on Roger at times - but we have had 
other good times together as well.  I'm in the shit at 
home and I don't know what is going to happen but I don't 
regret my time with Roger and Anna and Hailey one little 
bit."

"Thank you", I told her.  It was rather daunting to be 
told that someone felt a couple of weeks with you was 
worth a break with her family and an uncertain future.

Anna gave her a kiss on the cheek and then, making it 
clear to her mother that she was Out and intended staying 
Out (at least in her own home), she kissed Rosalee 
properly on her mouth.

I looked at Ma.  She seemed proud of Anna in addition to 
having to deal with all the other issues.  I touched her 
hand.

"I had a friend who was a lesbian," she admitted.  "She 
was just a friend - it was never my scene - but I learned 
a lot from her about the courage a person can show when 
necessary.  I think you probably all have that courage 
and it *MAY* turn out to be necessary.  Rosalee was right 
about one thing though - you've all been crazy!  *AND* 
Doug and Brent are going to be home expecting to eat 
soon."

She stood and I stood as well.  "I guess the least I can 
do is help see it's ready then."

Anna stood as well and Rosalee asked "Can I help?"

There were jobs for us all.  If Ma noticed a knuckle 
brushing across a cheek or fingers smoothing hair; a hand 
on another's arm or a cheek resting between shoulder 
blades, she said nothing.

Anna put her arms around her mother's waist as she stood  
behind Ma.  "Thank you for putting up with us Ma.  I love 
you."

"You haven't got any more surprises to drop in my lap 
though, have you?"

I kept quiet.  I was still to find out what my exit 
strategy would be.  I *SHOULD* update those with a Need-
To-Know about the current situation though it was likely 
someone would have seen Rosalee arrive in a distressed 
state.  It might be better to wait a little longer so I 
would have further information one way or another 
regarding Rosalee's plight but then again, if I gave them 
a Heads Up they could get that for me.

I figured I had earned a dressing down when I fronted my 
superiors - not for actually building a harem but for 
letting others see us in a situation where conflict was 
inevitable.  One incident, sleeping in, might have been 
forgiven, as would the park bench if it had been my sole 
inadequacy, but combined with Rosalee's peep show - which 
I couldn't have prevented - I had three strikes against 
me in the course of twelve hours.

Now Ma was wondering what else would land on her plate - 
and I, or rather Roger, could even end up dead.  While 
that might simplify some of her problems, I doubted she 
would like the resultant headaches or heartaches that it 
would cause.

"Ma, can I have a word please."  I had waited until 
Rosalee had gone to the bathroom and Anna was changing 
out of her uniform.

Ma put what she was doing aside and turned to me.  "I can 
guess - there's more."

"Not exactly.  I was thinking we don't know what's 
happening at Rosalee's house.  I realise I'm not going to 
be welcome there but I thought I could have a quick look 
from a distance and then let Hailey know discretely.  I'd 
only be gone about half an hour."

"*NOW* you start asking for permission and for my 
opinion!  I really don't know Roger.  You are a lovely 
boy - too lovely it seems - but you're like the calm 
centre of a hurricane leaving destruction all around you.  
Go on and *DON'T* get into any more trouble if at all 
possible."

I gave Ma a kiss on the cheek and said, "It might be the 
wrong time, but I think you're rather special too."

"You won't get around me *THAT* easily.  We still have 
some serious talking to do - and I hope you're not trying 
to add me to the notches on your bed post."

"I respect you and Doug too much to do that."

"But not enough to leave our daughter alone?"

"Some things happen unexpectedly - like falling in love."

"Three times!"

"I'd suggest you love Doug, Brent and Anna.  Is it that 
much of a difference?"

"In terms of how that love is expressed, I'd say yes.  
I've never *BEEN* in love with more than one person at 
any one time."

She waved me out the door.  "Dinner will be ready soon 
after you are back so don't delay."

I scooted.

I also had my phone out and was changing the chips as I 
jogged.  Not the easiest combination of tasks.

"Meet 2 now."

"Clear 2 now."  The line went dead.

It was Jane again.  I got in beside her.  Security was 
lessened now I'd dealt with the principal but this was 
still a minor breach of the rules.

"How are things with Hubby?"

"Good.  I told him if you could look after three or four 
young birds he'd better be able to keep one old bird 
happy or I'd be trading him in."

"And how did he take that?"

"I'm smiling aren't I?  *AND* I've still got my wedding 
ring on."

"Congratulations."

"And commiserations from me.  What's blown up in your 
face?  Young Rosy looked upset."

"There's more."  I explained briefly about being found 
with Anna and then the details as Rosalee had described 
them.

"Has there been any news about an exit?"

"I think they were getting you off the foster books by 
having an adult cousin claim you.  That would see you 
sent on and able to disappear in transit - runaway and 
then never got back to your girlfriend."

It was a believable scenario with the possibility of me 
phoning to say I was alive and would return once I was 
legally an adult.  If I couldn't stay I didn't have to 
cut *ALL* ties.

"At least I'm not a DOA.  That would have crushed them."

"What do you need?"

"A quick drive-by past Rosy's house for now - I've also 
got to speak to Hailey - then to see if you can put an 
ear on Rosalee's father especially and find out whether 
Rosalee can go home.  See how her mother's dealing with 
things and if we have an angle we can use."

"That's personal Roger - you know that."

"It's as a result of the job - and I acknowledge it's my 
responsibility.  If I have to cover it I will."

"Fifty Gs or more!  You *MUST* love her."

"More than fifty Gs worth at least."

"Why not just give her old man twenty Gs to take her off 
his hands?  Damaged goods and all, he might take ten."

I didn't take offence.  If I thought it would work and 
could readily explain the money I would consider it.

What I didn't expect was the pile of clothes on the lawn.  
I suspected Rosalee's father was not bluffing or perhaps 
was fuelled by enough Dutch courage not to think through 
his actions.

Still Mrs. Lafayette hadn't brought them back in - or at 
least enough of them to make a dent.  One or two curious 
neighbours - including a satisfied looking Mr Fletcher - 
were doing household tasks where they could observe any 
further episodes in the saga. 

We drove to Hailey's and I got out around the corner.

"Thanks.  Please let me know ASAP if you have anything 
useful or if there is a problem."

"There won't be - I owe you one for Hubby."

"I don't know that I did anything."

You provided him with an example and a challenge.  See 
you Roger."

"Thanks Jane."

---

Hailey was in her room doing her homework and she looked 
up in surprise.  She looked at her door and decided she 
should close it.  The window opened seconds later.

"What's up?  Why didn't you come to the door?"

"Rosalee's parents haven't phoned yours?"

"No.  Why?  What's happened?" 

"A nosy neighbour sent Rosy's father off the planet.  He 
was going to hit her and I think she's been evicted."

"Oh my god.  Where is she?  *HOW* is she?"

"She's safe with Anna.  She was upset but has calmed down 
and wasn't actually harmed.  Of course she doesn't know 
her clothes are spread outside her house.

"Shit!  What is she going to do?"

"That's still to be determined?"

"Do you need me?"

"Rosalee was more concerned her mother would cause 
problems for you by calling your parents."

"How for me?"

"The neighbour told her father she'd been fooling around 
with me in a park near her house - it was actually with 
Anna but I doubt that would make the least bit of 
difference."

"It would only make things worse."

"We figure since they knew I'd taken you out as well they 
might 'warn' your parents."

"Yeah, that could happen.  I doubt they'd do more than 
question me.  We haven't been seen together doing 
anything.  They are likely to want to stop me seeing you 
though.  I wonder if it would be better to get in first - 
to tell them our version of the story and see if my mum 
can calm Rosy's down and maybe from there work on her 
father."

Hailey would have to "find out" about Rosalee first 
though.  I decided after some brief consideration that I 
would have to see if I could take her back with me.

"Be surprised when you're called to the door but assume 
it is a pleasant visit."

"Okay."

I went back out to the street and approached the front 
door as if I'd just arrived.

"Hello Roger.  It is a school night you know."

"Yes I'm sorry.  Is it okay if I speak to Hailey?"

"Sure.  Come in.  *HAILEY*!"

My lover came out of her room and met me with a hug.

"Can't stay away from me, huh?"

"I wish that was it."

"Why? What's up?"

"Rosalee turned up at Anna's.  She was rather upset and 
has had some sort of argument with her father."

"Oh my gosh!  Is she okay?"

"Anna and her mother are looking after her but they 
thought she'd appreciate your presence, if that's okay?"  
I turned to Hailey's mother.

"Yes, if you want to.  I wonder if I should give Ellen a 
call?" 

Hailey vetoed that suggestion.  "Why not wait until I've 
had a chance to speak to Rosalee.  It may only be 
something trivial and they might be embarrassed to think 
their squabbles are being discussed throughout the 
neighbourhood.  I won't be late and if it is serious 
perhaps you can help them understand Rosalee's side or at 
least get them to listen to it."

It made sense to Mrs. Draper and she sent Hailey off with 
the proviso that she call for a lift home if there was 
no-one to bring her.  "Your father will have the car home 
soon and I don't want you walking the streets late at 
night even with Roger."

We left before Mrs. Draper realised Hailey hadn't had her 
dinner and headed straight to Anna's house which meant 
Hailey also missed seeing Rosalee's clothes.

We walked fairly quickly but not so fast that I couldn't 
warn her of the final surprise.

"We've talked to Anna's mother - and in the course of it 
have admitted that I have made love to both you and 
Rosalee.  Once Rosy and I had been identified there 
wasn't much way to deny you and I were lovers too."

"She won't tell my parents, will she?"

"Not unless that would solve some worse problem."

"I don't think my parents would consider there could be a 
worse one."

"How would they feel about you, Anna and Rosalee being 
lovers too?  Ma knows that as well.  If we were going to 
help Rosalee she needed us to be honest and I think she's 
actually more in favour of letting us find our own 
solution than in having me castrated - though it may be 
close."

"So why am I going with you exactly?"

"Because there may be flow on effects once your mother 
and Rosy's get to talking and I think that, if nothing 
else, entitles you to a say in what goes on.  The fact 
that you are our love as well as our lover means that we 
want your input, support, love or just patience."

"And you're sure the others will feel the same way?"

"I'm not sure how much Ma will have told Doug so keep 
things cool until we've reconnoitred."

"Reconnoitred!?  Rather GI-Joe aren't you?"

"Didn't you know he was a lover as well as a fighter?"

"Not unless his mould has been updated.  The last one I 
saw looked like a muscular Ken - or Ken on 'roids.  
Barbie might even prefer him to her prick-less 
boyfriend."

"Well the last time I saw her, she had gravity defying 
tits *WITHOUT* nipples and a waist that you could see 
around - both sides at once!"

"Yeah, she's not as lucky as me; a boyfriend with 
something special between his legs and working parts of 
my own that match them.  What on Earth did Mrs. Jamieson 
say when she heard you'd had sex with all three of us!?"

I was used to topic swings by now.

"I think she was still in shock from Anna answering her 
father from my room this morning.  She had to put her PJs 
on under the covers while he was in the room making fun 
of me wearing my boxers back to front."

"He was in a good enough mood to joke?"

"Sarcasm doesn't need a cheery disposition.  It was 
evidence we had been naked together which, as far as he 
was concerned, proved that we'd been having hot sex all 
night."

"And hadn't you been?"

"We had a quiet, uneventful evening in each other's arms 
and dropped off to sleep."

"I'd say 'what a waste' except I wouldn't mind dropping 
off to sleep and waking in your arms.  It might be a 
while before you get to do that with Anna again though."

"Actually Anna asked her mother if I could move into her 
room.  It's under consideration."

"Shit, Anna's got guts.  Was this before of after Rosalee 
turned up and you all played Jerry Springer?"

"Well before."  I had to laugh; it really did sound like 
some cheap TV show.  Jerry would have had the three girls 
ignorant about each other though - at least until they 
came out from the sound-proof booths to scratch out each 
other's eyes - or mine.

I found the front door unlocked and prepared to open it 
for Hailey.  We were alone for a second and I took the 
time to give Hailey the greeting kiss that we had missed 
out on before.

"I'll give you a better one later if we survive."

"I'll collect it even if you're dead."

*********************************************************
