Six weeks.

Six long weeks, with not a word out of Alec beyond "yes" or "no". Without so much as an acknowledgement that James existed.

Alec was gone, somewhere deep inside himself.

Not completely gone; he still obeyed simple commands. But that was no consolation. The compliance was worse -- far worse -- than his previous defiance.

A dissociative state, the doctor had called it; she'd repeated her advice to take him to a hospital, or at least to bring in a specialist to see him, but she had no concrete advice to give him.

The only thing that had saved her life was the knowledge that another doctor would be hard to come by.

He'd tried everything he could think of to lure Alec back out; giving him plenty of morphine to keep him comfortable, tapering him off the morphine to try and wake him up, alternating hot and cold on his hand, and sticking his fingers with pins. On the more pleasant side, he'd given him all his favorite foods; strawberries of course, and bacon -- even made him pancakes. Alec had eaten with the same obedience as he swallowed the energy gels. One time, he'd even poured a shot of vodka down his throat. That had gotten the closest thing to a reaction; Alec had choked a bit as it went down.

Then, he'd gone to sleep.

Once, desperate, James had even tried to seduce Alec into waking up. It had been as much fun as kissing a corpse, and about as effective.

Now, though, he had another idea. One he'd been reluctant to try; it wasn't without risk. But at this point …

It was worth a try.

First, though, he had preparations to make.

He started with a quick run up the ladder to check the weather. Even at midday, it was chilly; summer was over. He'd need a blanket for Alec; weak as he was, a chill might kill him.

But being outside, seeing the sky -- that was the last thing he'd asked for. So maybe that would be what brought him back.

While he was topside, he made a quick reconnaissance of the surrounding area.

The bomb shelter had been built by an eccentric millionaire; his money would have been better spent on fire suppression. The mansion it had been beside was nothing but ruins; that didn't mean that there wouldn't be tourists prowling around local kids looking for a thrill -- or not-so-young kids looking for some privacy.

If anyone realized that the bomb shelter was still operational -- that someone was living here --

Alec couldn't be moved. Not yet. Maybe in another month. A few weeks, even. But for now, he needed to be cautious.

There was no one around; no signs of anyone having been there since the last time he'd been up here. He'd memorized the rubble, where the beams lay. They had been undisturbed since then.

Everything was as it should be.

He went down below, and got Alec ready; unzipped a down sleeping bag and draped it around him, then tucked it in to keep him warm. Alec woke up, but didn't respond; not even the slightest curiosity. Just blank, inanimate nothingness. And after James finished, his eyes drifted closed again.

James double-checked to make sure the rails were locked into place, and then wheeled the gurney out to the lift. It was really just a platform, raised and lowered by a chainfall; it went up to what was ostensibly a large gardening shed. James pulled on the chain to raise the platform, then scrambled up the ladder to join Alec.

Alec's eyes were open again; activity did that sometimes. "I'll be right back," James told him. Then he took a final look around, just a check to see that everything was secure, before he opened the door.

Carefully, he wheeled Alec out the door, and into the outside.

It was a beautiful day, despite the chill. Little puffy clouds scudded across the blue sky. In the walled garden, though, they were mostly safe from all but the occasional gust. James lowered Alec's gurney, so that he was out of even that wind, and knelt down on the grass beside him.

"Look at that, Alec," James said. "Blue sky. Birds. Beautiful, isn't it?"

Alec whispered, "Yes," but James wondered, as he so often did, how much of an answer that was. He suspected that Alec was only giving him the answer he thought he wanted to hear. Which spoke of some self-awareness; Alec was still in there, somewhere, still reachable.

He had to believe that.

"This is what you wanted. To go outside. To see the sky. I know it's not much of a view, but it's a change. And I promise you, Alec, if you just wake up -- once you're well enough, which should be in just a couple of months, I'll take you anywhere you want to go. Show you anything you want to see.

"Dammit, Alec, it's not fair! I did all of this for you, rescued you, patched you up, hid you! I would've moved Heaven and Earth to see you well again, have you mine -- but now you're farther from me than ever!"

James felt the last shred of his control break. He leaned across Alec's chest, trying to hold him -- which was like trying to cradle a mannequin. Finally, finally, he let the tears flow.

He'd broken Alec, not just once, but twice. Breaking his body had been easy; all he'd had to do was let go. But breaking his spirit … that had taken some doing.

And should he be surprised, then, to find he'd broken Alec beyond any hope of repair?

Alone in the garden, alone with the barely-living corpse that had once been his partner in so many senses of the world, James sobbed. Finally, he exhausted himself, and just lay there, his head on Alec's chest, his eyes seeing nothing.

Is this what it feels like, he wondered, to be Alec?

He must have slept, because he woke, in the chill of twilight. He checked Alec, and found him trembling, even under the heavy down blanket. With numbed fingers, he raised the gurney and pushed him back inside.

He had to have hope, he told himself. Alec had to get better. His body would heal, why wouldn't his mind?

And maybe one would lead to the other. Maybe once the bandages came off, once he could walk again, once he wasn't so dependent, he would feel safe enough to rejoin the world.

And if he didn't?

James pushed the gurney back into the sickroom, and stood there, staring down at Alec. If, after everything, he didn't wake up, James might have to admit defeat. And then, there was only one thing he could do.

He would take Alec into his bed, and hold him until he fell asleep. Then, he would take out his gun, and put it in Alec's mouth, and blow away the back of his skull. And then he would put the gun in his own mouth, and pull the trigger.

And then they would be together forever.