Alice and Layla
by anonenffan

Alice on her Own (Chapter 3. Alice on her own)

I keep looking at the clock. It’s like it’s stuck or something. As it reaches for the sky, it almost feels like it stops moving. The sun is long gone, and the shorter arm is leaning a little to the right. My heart is thumping away just looking at my walking shoes. There are some faint green stains on the bottom of each shoe, but they’re still up for my usual route. It doesn’t matter what that nagging clock says.

When I look out the window, I keep thinking this should be easy. The trees do a little sway and a street lamp flickers with all the strength it has left. A distant hoot echoes through the night air, and nothing, not a soul answers back.

I sink into my couch, the cuddly blanket hugging my thighs while I reach for my socks. The route runs through my head on repeat. To the park, to the trail, and to a tree. THE tree. My socks climb my ankles before I let a trembling leg back down. Impulsive fingers comb a few auburn locks from my eyes while I shake my head.

She keeps telling me this is a piece of cake. That it’s fun. No crazier than anything else we usually do. There IS a difference here, though. A huge difference. It’s not like she’s outplaying me or outsmarting me. While I shove one of my feet into some footwear, something keeps vibrating in my dizzy head.

She’s not here.

I stand up and look at the mirror. A button-down white shirt hugs my shoulders, offering much to the imagination. That is, until I look for shapes, pressing under the thin fabric. I can feel my face warm up while I see hints of pink try to punch through the white. My skirt is a lot more opaque, flying red flannel from my hips to a little above my knees. Socks take over concealing skin at my ankles.

One more look at the clock and the long arm is getting lazy. I keep telling myself this will be easy, but it’s just not the right voice to push me. I take a deep breath while looking at my front door. My pulse is in my ears thumping like an earthquake, while I remind myself I have a plan B. She’s just not in on it because this is for me.

I make way to the door, adjusting my hair and checking my buttons. Nothing’s jingling in my pockets while I stare down the deadbolt. The heavy black metal looked so imposing, but the brass knob below it was what flooded me with hot adrenaline. Once I’m past this door, I have to go for this. But it’s easy, right? I planned this out, it’s late so I shouldn’t see anyone, it isn’t that far, I’m still clothed, and I have plan B.

One… two… three…! I grip the doorknob and freeze. My face is hot by this point, while little pictures of trouble flash through my mind. No… I want to do this. This should work, I am not going to fail. I twist that doorknob, flick the little lock up and look out into the world. One green-stained shoe finds my doormat, then it’s twin follows. The sound of my door shutting behind me echoes like thunder, shaking the world and warning me to get inside. But my doorknob is resistant. I’ve sealed my fate, and I have to do this now. I have to go to the park.

I take a deep breath and close my eyes. When I exhale, I ball my hands into fists and raise one foot. Then I jolt around and wrestle with the doorknob. What am I thinking!? I twist, turn, and claw at it, but it’s no good. All I’m really doing is letting my palms slip around. No matter what I do, I can’t make the lock surrender. After all the shoving and pulling, my shoulders slip. This is really happening. I’m really locked out of my house.

‘I can do this. I can do this. It’s easy.’ My face is still bearing warm pink to the world, while my heart is pushing its limits, but I still nod to myself. Shaking legs carry me down my driveway, past my little car, and to the sidewalk.

The air feels a little thick, but it’s by no means oppressive. Just a little warmer than I usually like, despite the sun’s absence. I could be a little more comfortable in a lighter shirt but… I didn’t really think about that on my way out the door. A breeze starts to push its way through, disrupting my hair. A little sigh escapes me, and I actually smile a little. It feels like a warm hug in a way, washing over me and welcoming me outside. Not too hot, not too cold, just pure comfort as it flutters my button-down and my skirt.

MY SKIRT!?

My eyes widen as I grip the red garment, forcing it to stay at my thighs. I shiver and look around me as the wind passes through. I’m looking at doors, windows, anywhere with lights on. Every house near me is out. There’s no way the old lady that lives next door is up at this hour. I can’t see anything going on with the other side either. That guy might be up, but he always seemed like a basement guy to me. What I can see is that his porch and living room lights are off.

The breeze dies down and I relax my fingers. I’m safe for now. I start my journey down the sidewalk, across the street, and under the flickering light. It always makes an odd buzz, I’m not sure why.  I rarely see anyone work on it. I’m looking over the grey metal, trying not to think about what I’m doing. From the lamp post, I look back at my house and my immediate neighbors. My mind isn’t going anywhere.

I was just in that spot, and I let the wind play with my skirt. What if my neighbors saw? But… they didn’t. At least one is sleeping like a rock, the other is, at worst, distracted. There was no way they could know I’m outside. Even then… I might be hard to see from that angle. They probably aren’t even able to tell.

A little smile grows on my face and I can’t help but giggle. I think I’m getting away with this! There’s nothing to be afraid of, not with all my planning. And my heart is still racing, I’m still curling my toes in my shoes. Just when I’m about to keep moving towards the park, I hear a louder buzz. Then, darkness and silence. I look up, and it seems like the veteran light gave up. Aside from the odd owl hoot, I’m still alone and even harder to see.

My head jumps and I feel my blush turn up. Then my front teeth start to sink into the back of my lower lip. I turn away from the houses, with my hands forming fists. The neighborhood’s dead, right? A blanket of darkness is hiding me and there’s no sign of life from any house close enough. ‘If they didn’t see me then…’

I take another deep breath as a little smile carves its way through my blush. My fingertips trace my skirt, dancing over the back of my thighs. They grip the hemline and my eyes slam shut while adrenaline floods my body. I lift the back of my skirt so I can show the moon my own, without a single thread hiding my backside.

‘One… two…’ I’m trembling too much. Then I hear a buzzing and the light comes back. A little yelp escapes me while the light chases my cover away. I force the skirt back down and face the houses. My face is hot while I shiver. I don’t know if anyone can see me, and I don’t want to find out. I take off, running down the sidewalk, one hand on the front of my skirt, the other on the back. Once I reach the corner, I stop, holding myself against a fence. It’s everything I can do to stand up, my legs feel like jello, and I could just fall at any moment.

I did that though. I flashed my neighbors. I allowed curves, hidden from the world on any other day, to greet the evening air. Nobody saw me either. That little moment of madness went unpunished and I knew it. Another giggle got away and I had to stop myself.

I’m less familiar with the houses down the street. But I can see the porch lights are on. My hands are floating near the skirt again, but there’s a TV glow coming from one of the windows. I shake my head and just catch my breath. I need more control than this.

I turn the corner and keep moving. My legs are heavy, like wet sacks of cement. I’m not sure if it’s because of all the running I did, or if it’s because I’m so excited. No, nervous. I’m nervous right? Maybe they’re the same thing at this point.

It isn’t long before I reach the park. I come here all the time. All I have to do is follow the bike path to where the woods turn dense. I still don’t see a soul though. It may as well be my park. Far enough from the houses to hide any detail worth looking at.

I look down at my clothes, and they’re still in place, hiding my body from the world. The top few buttons of my shirt are straining to contain my chest. My toes curl as I glance in every direction. I’m still safe, right? Maybe I can go a little further.

I take a breath, tightening the fabric around the buttons. After making absolutely sure that I’m alone, my fingers find their way to the buttons, relieving them of their duty. Every button slipping into freedom creates a V shape. Smooth, soft cleavage comes out to greet the evening air. I stop after three buttons, and of all things… I’m smiling at myself. I’m outside, showing skin that I would only dare to do in the privacy of a shower. And this is all without someone else pushing me. My heart is racing, but the all-out rush I’m getting makes me feel warm all over.

It’s only getting later, and the odds of me being alone are only getting better. I take a glance at the path, leading into some dense woods. The key to my house is waiting among those trees, but I just can’t see a reason to hurry. Instead, I start wandering the rolling hills of the park, towards some colorful bars and swings.

I don’t think I’ve been to this playground in years. At least, I haven’t been here to play since I was ten. I’d have never thought I’d come back here in the middle of the night, dressed like this. But there I was, fueled by raw adrenaline and barely dressed.

Another giggle gets by as I glance over the jungle gym, the swing set, and even a slide. I’m not so sure about the slide, but the swing set might be fun. I try to imagine myself on the swing, flowing back and forth, my skirt fluttering and sharing my secrets with the world. With another look at distant houses void of light, I bite my lip.

I approach the swingset and try to tuck the back of my skirt between my thighs. Kids play on these, I have to draw a line somewhere, but naughty nostalgia is still in control. With the skirt separating my bottom from the rubber, I take a seat and start pushing backwards. The wind runs through my hair, making it scatter and fly. The air sneaks into the openings of my shirt and washes over my body, cooling it, but also tightening the skin around my chest.

My clumsy legs stay together for the swinging motion but the front of my skirt isn’t pinned down by anything. Pure momentum and evening air push the front of the red and black fabric, lifting and rolling, bringing more thigh into view. Hot blush coats my face, as I swing and push for maximum height. As the speed climbs, inner thigh starts peeking out.

I grip the swings wearing a scrambled smile, swinging my legs with all my might. Just an extra inch. If I can get that extra inch, the skirt will be useless. My heart is racing. It’s thumping hard I think I might fall apart. And I know it’s not just because of my swinging.

My teeth grit together while I take a mile. Just before the apex of my next swing, I let go. While the momentum launches me, the air picks up my skirt. All of my secrets greet the night air, with full thighs coming into view, and a bouncing backside free of fabric.

I land and the skirt falls back into place. The adrenaline flood turns my legs into jelly while I almost stumble into woodchips. It takes me a full minute to catch my breath, while I watch the swing sway back to its resting point. There’s no stopping the giggle that gets out of me. Every inch of my skin is buzzing after that. Here I am with barely any clothes on, a long walk from easy access to other clothes, and I’m having the time of my life.

I stumble my way over to the jungle gym, shifting some of my weight to the cool metal bars. Further away, those houses still don’t have so much as a porch light on. There’s no way to tell what time it is, but I’m only getting deeper into the night. More likely to be alone, and more likely to embrace my freedom.

As my nerves reassemble themselves, I take a look at the jungle gym. Its bright red bars form a dome shape, and it’s a little bit shorter than I am. I haven’t climbed this thing in years, and I thought it towered over everything when I was ten. I set a foot on the lowest bar, pressing and almost lifting. A hum rumbles in my throat when I set it back down.

One more look at the houses as my teeth sink into my lips. Toes curl and my heart starts racing. My knees wobble into each other, while a smile fights its way into view. I walk along the jungle gym until it’s between me and the houses. She might make me do something like this, but I want to do it. Still, my chest feels tight while my thumb hovers near the buttons of my skirt.

If that skirt goes down, then my little game won’t be so little anymore. I won’t be able to hide what I’m doing. Still, I don’t see any lights among the houses, and it won’t be like I can’t get to the skirt. My thumb applies pressure, pushing, and pulling. The tiny snap is more like a gunshot the way it makes my heart race. The loose fabric clings to my thighs, every fiber dragging itself over my skin as I push on it. It flutters to the ground, and I have to hold onto the jungle gym for balance again.

My face feels hot. Burning hot. I squeeze my thighs together and place a hand over the gentle incline. A thin breeze passes over me and slips in under my shirt. It’s the only thing separating me from going too far. All of my strength goes into holding onto the jungle gym and pulling myself around it, going further from the skirt and further from cover. I’m really doing this though. I’m putting something between me and half of my clothing.

I ball my hands into shivering fists as I look for lights one more time. The only difference between now and one eternity ago, is that I have a little challenge in front of me. It’s either a hiccup in common sense or a masterpiece from adrenaline. Part of me knows it’s the former, but I want to climb the latter.

I grip the metal bars, hook a foot into one of the lower bars, and left solid ground. My legs wobble like gelatin as I beg them for strength. Two steps off the ground and I think my body temperature is climbing faster than I am. Still, I gain height and with it, a better view of the park. Not just the playground, but the rolling hills, the water fountain, the public restroom, and the winding walking path that leads to the treeline. A less brave me would be on that path right now. Instead, I take some careful movements, and my feet find metal bars in the interior of the jungle gym. Goosebumps tighten all over the back of my arms as I balance myself, sitting atop the jungle gym.

The metal is a little colder than I expect, spreading those tiny bumps of tight skin all over my legs. It’s not a comfortable seat by any means, it’s just a small piece of metal just above my thighs. Still, my heart is racing and I feel alive. I steal one more glance behind me at the lifeless world, before looking back down. My legs have a playful little swing to them now. They settle on the metal bars as I nibble my lip again. After a little hesitation, my shirt was one button looser. There’s three left holding the front shut, but they’re unable to hide what I’m doing.

I admire the moon for a few more minutes, letting my legs do little kicks in freedom. Then I plant them on some of the interior bars and resume my little challenge. I shift my weight, judging my grip, and turning. The best way is probably for me to turn over and climb backward. I’m looking at those distant houses now, giggling at the thought that nobody knows what I’m up to. That is until I happen to spot a light on.

Wait, a light!? I freeze up for a second, thinking that I’m in trouble. If someone’s seeing me, then I have to start moving. My foot lips on one bar, the shoe giving an ear-splitting squeak as it fumbles for traction. A little breeze tickles my exposed half, tempting the tender skin as I struggle for focus. When my shoes touch wood chips, weight bends my unprepared wobbly knees.

I stumble as I run for the slide, my shirt shifting around, struggling to contain my chest. The slide will work, it’s the only thing here wide enough to hide behind in some meaningful way. Once I’m behind it, I hold myself against the steps for balance and try to catch my breath.

Lights were on. There was a chance somebody saw me. They would have seen my butt. They might have even seen me climbing. The thought sent a little buzz through me. A hot bubbly feeling in the bit of my stomach. I could only hear myself breathe as I looked down at all the skin I had on show.

My skirt is still at the jungle gym! I hiss a four-letter word and peek my head out from behind the slide. That light is still on. I can’t tell if anyone’s at the window, but I’m certain they know something’s up. Why else would someone be up at… probably Two AM? If I can’t get my skirt back, then I have to go down the walking path without it.

A hand slips between my thighs for what little hiding I can provide myself. That’s when I notice the heat. My body isn’t calming down at all. A finger gives the gentlest pet it can, and that bubbly feeling runs down my stomach. I shake my head, looking at the light, and then at my skirt.

Maybe… I should go for it.

I have to be fast, but if I can pull this off, it won’t matter. A deep breath swells its way into my lungs, and I take aim. There’s no blood in my veins. It’s just straight adrenaline as I burst from the slide with all my athleticism, targeting a nearby tree away from the playground.

I flee to the interior of the park, slipping into what little cover the darkness can offer. I’m bottomless. I’m bottomless. I’m bottomless. A squeal escapes me as I bolt around a tree. I’m not sure if I’m terrified or excited. A little bit of tree bark digs into my butt. It’s dry, rough, and unusual to my more intimate skin. Just another reminder in case I forget that I’m bottomless.

It’s still quiet and dark in most of the park. Lights buzz away over the walking path, and there’s a faint glow of moonlight over anything else. I keep trying to look behind me in case somebody is looking for a half-dressed girl. The house is out of view so I should be okay… I hope.

One long sigh escapes me, followed by a giggle. I’m getting away with this. Each minute that passes makes me a little safer. People jog in this park all the time, but not at this hour. Even still, my heart is flying, I just need a little rest. The park benches are too well lit up for me despite how my luck is holding.

Instead, I drag myself from the tree to a little hill. I keep my hands at my sides, trying not to think how a subtle breeze can lick me. Once I’m on top of the hill, a smile slips out of my blush and I sit down. The soft grass tickles my naked half. I think I’m safe if I keep low so… I lay down, embracing the sky. My legs part, letting my kitty meet the moon.

I let out a long sigh as I take the weight off my legs. I feel so free as the ambiance of crickets and owls lull to me. My blush is even cooling as I lie atop the hill. The stars twinkle at me, offering nothing but a peaceful sight. There isn’t even a cloud to drift in front of the sky.

I notice a few lights packed together, moving past the others. Probably a passenger jet, thousands of feet up. Everyone on that plane is way too far away to make out any details, like how a half-naked girl is lounging outside.

I nibble my lip as my cheeks bubble up again. Seconds later, I spread my legs, fully bearing my smooth womanhood to the sky above me. They’ll never know. My heart flutters away as I start petting my treasure. Despite gliding like a feather, my finger still forces me to gasp and curl my toes. People are in my line of sight while I’m touching myself. The other hand lets its fingers dance on my midriff before attacking the remaining buttons.

They slip away, one by one until the thin fabric slips off my chest. Another sigh escapes me. I’m nearly as nude as the sky, teasing myself while a distant plane glides by.

I pull my hands away from my intimates when the plane leaves my view. All I want to do is hum and lounge around. My body is tingling all over as I spread out as much as I can. The shirt is hiding little but my shoulders. The tips of my humble breasts feel so tight and firm, and my legs feel so soft and warm.

My hands caress my stomach as I keep nibbling my lip. They inch lower to my waist as I check the path. I HAVE to be alone before I let go.

Then I hear a click. I blink and try to find the source. A chill starts raining on my exposed form, raining down and soaking me and what little clothing I have left.

“Ah!” I raise my hands to shield my face, scrambling to my feet. It’s torrenting around me, soaking my shirt and my footwear. I’m trying to feel out where the water is coming from, but it seems like it’s everywhere. My footing slips and I fall, tumbling down the now wet hill. Grass is poking and grazing me in ways I’ve never felt before as I try to protect my face. Once I’m back on flat ground, the rain seems to be gone too. I look up at the top of the hill, seeing the ring of sprinklers still throwing rain.

I shake my head and wipe away a few grass blades stuck to my legs. My clothes are soaked now, the socks feel soggy and heavy, while my shirt clings to my skin. It takes me a minute to catch my breath and get back up. I hold my shirt shut, though it’s doing very little for me now. The rosey buds are almost glowing through, and my tanning work is hard to ignore. A few grass blades are proving stubborn, clinging to my legs.

Another giggle gets away as I try to wipe those little green specs. I can’t believe I forgot about those sprinklers. They look amazing when the sun gets behind them in the morning. I twist and see even more pesky grass blades. I look back up to the hill and see the sprinklers still hard at work. My heart thumps a few times as I take another look around the park. The Two AM park is still the Two AM park as far as I can tell.

I can feel my knees buckle in as I arch my back. My smile refuses to hide as I start peeling the shirt from my skin. As I hang it from a tree branch to dry, my pulse slams in my ears. I’m indecent. I’m undressed. I’m exposed. I’m naked. My shoes fall aside at the base of the tree, while my socks hang by my shirt. May as well go all the way at this point.

I wiggle my toes in newfound freedom as my forearm crosses my chest. Another slips between my thighs. I’ve never been to this point on my own before. Before fear drags reason back, I start running back up the hill, into the rain of sprinklers. The wind whips over every inch of skin on my body before the cool, crisp water follows. My “shower” begins with me bringing my legs closer to the head of one of the sprinklers, blasting those little grass blades off. Shivers run through me, and I can’t tell if it’s due to nervousness or the cool water. Either way, I feel vulnerable and exposed… but I can’t stop smiling. It isn’t long before I turn, bringing my butt over the spray.

My hand clasps over my mouth as cool water sprays everything between my legs. I’m on top of a hill, completely naked and letting a sprinkler blast my intimates. I can’t bring myself to run back to my clothes. Another giggle tells me what I’ve known deep down; I’m having fun. I change my stance and let the sprinklers spray my naked body in every way they can. My hair is probably a mess, and I’m soaked from head to toe, but the rush I’m feeling can’t be beat. Covering hands start squeezing and a hum soon follows. Maybe… there’s one more thing I can do. It’s not like my clothes are going anywhere with that confused jogger by the tree.

WAIT, WHAT!?

Down at the bottom of the hill near the tree, stood another girl dressed in a tank top and some boy shorts. Short black hair and lean athletic body, she digs her fingertips into the top of her head as she looks at my dangling wet shirt. She has no idea that the shirt’s owner is nearby. Color drains from my face and gentle hands start giving tenacious grips.

The first thing I do is turn and sprint to another tree. I cover myself as best I can, feeling the wind cut into my cold, wet form. Adrenaline floods me again as I become truly trapped, naked, and unable to reach any of my clothes. I can’t help but shiver as I peek around the tree, seeing that same jogger plucking my clothes from the tree.

No no no no no no! What am I going to do? No socks or shoes means I can’t run as fast. No shirt means I can’t hide any part of my body! How do I get anything back? I can’t just go up and ask her.

She takes my shirt and shakes it, throwing a few droplets of water away. There’s an odd smirk on her face as she tries to fold it. Then she stuffed the socks into the shoes and put them in a little pile. From what I can see, she doesn’t have a bag or anything. Just leave them there. Please, just leave them there!

Instead of hearing my silent prayers, she lets out an odd chuckle and looks at the hill where I “showered.” Then she takes the little pile of clothing and starts walking towards the playground. My heart sinks as my slim chance at redressing slips between my fingers. Can I do the rest of tonight naked? Somebody else is in the park now, I’m not as safe as I thought I was. A shiver runs through me, rattling my naked figure before I shake my head. Maybe I can get my skirt back. Wait… that’s where she’s going!

I try to steel my nerves despite my many struggles throughout the night and break from the safety of the tree. She’ll drop them on a bench, I’ll snag everything, redress, and go grab my key. Everything will be fine. My heart is thumping in my ears as I stay off the path, covering myself in the best way my hands can.

When I return to the playground, I see her bending down by the jungle gym. The red and black fabric in her hands flutters in the wind before joining the armful of my clothing. No! She’s got everything! I can’t get dressed at all anymore! My knees wobble, refusing to run as I lose my footing.

She turns around at the soft thump, and we make wide-eyed contact. “Whoa!” She shouts.

“A-ah!” I squeak, scrambling to my feet. She sees me! I’m being seen! Eyes are on my naked body! My heart is racing, my womanhood is quivering, and I’m screaming at myself to run. I wrap my arm around my chest and shove a hand between my legs as I take off.

“Hey, wait,” the distant voice follows me.

My legs ache as I struggle to keep upright, running as fast as I can. I have to get to the woods, there’s no other choice. The wind whips over my body, reminding me that I’m nude. That everything I left my house with is in that other girl’s hands.

“Yo, wait up!” came another shout.

She’s following me! I turn my head, and see her, holding all my clothes and quickly gaining ground. Rough pavement slaps my feet while the rubber of her shoes propels her forward. My assets are free to bounce and jiggle, while her balanced figure eats more of the gap. She’s going to catch me! I get off the pavement of the path and sprint on the more forgiving grass. It’s easier on my feet, but there’s no improvement in traction.

I can see the woods. Somehow I have to lose her, it’s my only chance. I grit my teeth and push as I run down a slight decline among the hills. That’s when I find more wet grass. My weight shifts too far forward and I tumble face-first into the grass. Every little blade pokes me, while my trip turns to a roll. When I reach the bottom of the little hill, my hair is scattered all over my face and all I can do is breathe. The shoes on the come in closer. I’m finished.

The other girl pants for a moment before walking up to me. I brace myself and crush my eyes. She’s going to call me what I am. A pervert. A degenerate. Maybe even a criminal. If I try to run again, she’s going to catch me. Shivers start to run through me as I tremble again.

“Are you alright?” came her voice.

I open one eye, seeing the jogger standing above me. One eyebrow climbs above the other, with an odd curve to her lip. She blinks at me, and there’s a tiny blush of her own.

“W-what?”

“Did you like, twist your ankle or something? That fall looked pretty wild.” She points to my leg.

“O-oh…” I gulp and try to lift my leg. The muscle aches from all the running, but otherwise, it doesn’t hurt. My other leg lifts, and there’s little trouble. “I… I think I’m fine… th-thanks?”

The girl puts a hand over her mouth to hold down a laugh. “Okay, I just wanna be sure though. Maybe put a little weight on each of them?”

I take a breath and press my hands to the ground to regain some footing. My calves complain as they bare my body again, but they’re still up to the task. I press my thighs together and wrap my arms around my chest. I take another look at her and gulp. “I’m… I’m okay… really.”

“Alright, alright. Just wanted to make sure you weren’t hurt. You can take a breather if you want.” She waves her hand as if presenting the ground. I hold my stance for a moment but in the end, a little rest sounds nice. Back on the ground, she crosses her legs and sits by me. “By the way… are these by any chance… yours?” She had a little smirk, pointing to the smile pile of clothing.

I blush at the sight of my own clothing. I can only imagine what she’s thinking. As I sit there, clinging to myself, I barely manage to nod.

She giggles. “I thought I saw someone at the playground earlier! That was you, right? You climbed the jungle gym, didn’t you?”

A shiver runs through me. “P-please don’t tell anyone! I wasn’t… I just… I…” Explanations fall apart faster than they can form. I’m not naked by accident.

“Hey, chill. You’re doing this at…” she taps a little watch or a Fitbit on her wrist. “Three AM, not PM. There’s a difference.”

I gulp. “So… you’re not going to call anyone?”

“Well you’re out doing this for fun, right? Nobody’s forcing you to run around like that?”

I shake my head. “N-no… nothing like that. You’re the first person I’ve seen all night…”

“So you ARE doing this for fun?” She adds with a sly grin.

My cheeks heat up and I squirm. I can feel my heart resume its heavy pumping. “Th-that’s not what I said!“

“Oh, well if you’re in trouble, I’ll just call someone to help you out.” She says, reaching to the armband holding her phone.

“W-Wait!” I gasp, throwing a hand out. It recoils to cover my vulnerable form before charging at her little device again. “P-please, I’m… I’m not in trouble.”

She nibbles her tongue but fails to contain that smirk. I’m no stranger to that smirk, but I’m still on edge when a stranger gives it to me. It’s a mean little curl of the lip.

“Oh? So if you’re not in trouble then…?” She rolls her hand at me.

I take a heavy sigh and look to the ground. My face is burning hot. She has my clothes, and a way to get me in a lot of trouble. The truth feels like fuel for the fire, but I’m trapped otherwise. “I’m… doing this for fun.”

The phone slips back into the arm holder. She giggles, “I knew it!”

I can only look at the grass now. Not only can she see my body, she knows my intentions. Maybe I can just tunnel into a hole and escape the world before anyone else sees.

“Well, you got some pretty good weather for this.” She nods, her eyes look over me. I bite my lip and squeeze myself for what good it would do. “Have you ever done this during the day?”

I’m stunned for a second, before shaking my head. “N-no… that would be crazy… wouldn’t it?” I clear my throat. Here I am, pretending I’m experienced. “It’s… you know… brighter outside. Because of the sun. Sunlight. The… um… the sun would make it harder to hide.”

She chuckles and climbs to her feet. “Doesn’t look like you hide much from the sun.” The girl winks at me and starts stretching her legs. “What’s your secret? Tall backyard fence? Private booth? You don’t seem brave enough for a nude beach.”

I blink. “S-Secret? What do you mean?”

“Your tan,” she gestures towards my hips. “I can’t see any tan lines. It’s like perfect. Takes a lot of work to get it that smooth.”

I look over my own body, at least as much as I can without dropping cover anyway, and I can see what she’s talking about. The only spot that’s red is my face. Nearly every other inch is light golden brown. All I can do is bite my lip. “Th-thanks. I um… yeah, I do a little tanning.”

“I see that, but how,” she leans her head in, waving her hand in a circular motion. “Come on, it can’t be worse than what you’re doing right now, can it?”

Little memories flash in front of my eyes. I think I’m about to fall over even though I’m still sitting. My legs curl in as if they hide anything better, and I try to pull my knees into my chest. “I… um…”

“Come on, just relax and spill it! Think of it as a trade secret.” She runs a hand through her hair and does a little stretch. “Maybe I want a nice tan too. Kind of makes for a more natural look, and you rock it just fine.”

I take a long breath. She seems nice enough, at least. “I um… I have a friend help me.” I clear my throat. “She’ll… you know, do a lookout and make sure nobody’s looking.” My fingers wiggle and grip more skin. “If someone might see… she throws a towel on me.”

The girl laughs and shakes her head. “So she helps you tan nude, but you don’t call her when you want to go streaking? Or is she waiting behind a tree with a towel?”

I don’t know what to say anymore. This is my little experiment, just for me. My eyes find the ground and my body does another involuntary twitch. I nibble my lip. “She’s… Plan B. You know, in case things get a little out of hand.” I hesitate and shake my head. “Could I have my clothes back? Please?”

The other girl smirks and looks at the pile of clothing. “Hmm… I don’t know…” She closes her eyes and gives a fake shrug, still wearing that devilish smile. “You must have gotten quite the rush from having to run around naked. Must be so much better if you can’t get dressed again.”

“What!?” I gasp.

“Yeah, I mean, I kind of feel bad because I spooked you. And you can’t just go back to enjoying yourself if I just take off. BUT…” she does a little stroll towards my pile of clothing. “What if you couldn’t get dressed again?”

“B-but… that’s… so risky!” I want to scramble to grab my clothes, but my legs are like iron. I can’t get up. What’s happening?

“It’s not THAT bad. It’s still super late, I haven’t seen anyone else, and you have your Plan B, right?” She reaches down and gathers the garments. “Then you can have your fun, and then your friend can save your butt.”

I’m already without clothing, and if I let her take everything, I won’t have access to it. There’s an odd knot in my stomach. My head processes the words “please give me my clothes back,” but one set of twitching lips keeps another set silent.

Everything is in her hands now as she stands up. She winks at me. I shake my head and finally remember how to talk. “Y-you’re… just gonna leave then?”

“Well, I gotta finish my run.” Another giggle taunts my ears. “Tell ya what, come back to the park again tomorrow night, and I’ll give you all this back. You’re naked tonight until your friend helps you out. Unless that’s too much?”

I don’t know why I’m thinking about this. Why can’t I say anything about being too scared? A distant hoot of an owl reminds me of the hour, and I take a deep breath. This is far more than my original plan, but just thinking about this makes my heart thump again.

“Yes…” I clear my throat. “I can do this… I’ll be fine.” I’m going to be stuck naked. And I’m choosing to do this. I’m practically waving my clothes goodbye. My friend is going to be in for a surprise when I reach her door.

“Alright, have fun exploring in the nude!” She laughs while hugging all my clothing into her chest. Every fabric presses against her as she turns and resumes her jog. “See you tomorrow night!” She calls out, getting away. I have one chance left to change my mind. I know it’s there, but she’s already proven to be faster than me, and my legs are on the ground like solid boulders. All I can do is watch as she runs off until she’s too far away for any hope of catching her.

I’m naked and alone.

I try to find strength in my legs again, wobbling to a vertical stance. A hand wipes a little moisture from my forehead, I can’t tell if it’s sweat or leftover water from the sprinklers. All I know is, somebody knows I’m streaking the park. They also know that I don’t even have a sock, and it’s all by choice. My hands shift through covering positions, trading places, and squeezing a private spot. In the end, both fail to hide the bubbling fact that I’m naked.

If anything, I’m more aware of it now than before, as fingertips slide across smooth skin. The areas they have to hide feel so soft and warm too. A low hum gets away as I try to calm down. Instead, one hand cups one of my breasts, caressing the tender flesh and petting the tender cherry tip. The edge of my fingers feather my lips, causing a little shiver between my thighs, and I coo a little louder.

I shake my head and pry my hands from my intimates. My chest heaves with each breath I take, and I keep my hands at my sides. Out here? In the open? One hand caresses an elbow, and my face is burning hot. The park is still silent, and I’m alone as far as I can tell. One hand drifts over my stomach as I search the trees before I force it into a fist. I uproot my legs and start heading down the hill back to the bike path.

That can wait. At least, I think it can wait. My hands have to settle for covering positions.

I follow the long bike path to the interior of the park, where a treeline begins. It’s the quickest way to my friend’s house from here. Dense trees blanket the ground in darkness. The way my heart is racing, I’m thankful for the cover. Nobody will be able to see me. This is just a walk in the park at this point.

As I keep moving, I escape the lamps all along the path. The moon pokes through the leaves well enough for me to see the pavement but everything else is hard to follow. It isn’t long before I’m deep enough that I can’t see out of the woods at all. I look at the trees, thinking about my original plan about grabbing my spare key. My only chance to get home with only one person knowing what I’m doing. I know it’s here, but the trees are barely distinguishable from each other. It’ll take way too long to find the key. By the time I even get close, the sun will be up, and people will be in the park again.

There’s no choice then. I have to keep going until I get to her house. A tiny mirth bounces in my mouth as I keep moving. I don’t know what to expect when she answers her door, outside of her acting surprised. She’ll be able to see everything. And probably have a million questions.

My fingers attempt another squeeze to my sensitive body. It’s everything I can do to keep self-control. But I bite my lip and glance in all directions. I’m in complete darkness in the woods by myself. I take a deep breath and bite my lip. My hands accept the permission to explore and start petting, squeezing, and caressing my skin.

I hum and close my eyes as that sweet pleasure soaks my brain. My breasts bounce to freedom as my hands dive for my inner thighs, sliding over the tender surface. Fingers glide over my lips and come up a little more moist. As my guard relaxes and my body tingles, I touch myself, applying pressure and petting. One tip slips in and my knees crumble.

My free hand hops around my body before gripping a breast, squeezing and pinching a tender nipple. A little squeal escapes me, as I grit my teeth and shiver. One eye opens to inspect the darkness around me. I let the finger in a little deeper, and a moan announces my freedom to the trees. My knee meets the ground as I discard resistance like clothing before a shower. Self-control eases down my legs, soon to be a memory.

The leaves shiver in the wind. Some birds sing through the trees. My head jolts and twists. I pant for a moment before pulling my hand away. Fingertips shine a tiny bit under the moonlight poking through the trees. As my chest heaves from each breath I take, I shake my head and stand up. I ignore my protesting legs as I push through the trees.

Those birds keep singing. I don’t know what time it is, all I know is that the sun tends to follow birds, not owls. As much as I want to let my fingers work, I have to run. If I take too long, my little sanctuary won’t be a sanctuary anymore.

My feet complain as I jog down the pavement. I have to wrap my arms around my chest to keep everything from bouncing everywhere. I feel so slow like I’m losing a race to a turtle. When I start seeing the other side of the woods, I can hear more birds chirping. What’s worse, a lighter shade of blue on the horizon.

I curse under my breath and start running across the park. There’s soft grass to run across again, but there are far fewer trees to hide behind. I can see the edge of the park, and the corner of my friend’s street. A smile appears on my face, and my body quivers. I’m almost there.

As I run, I stick to the grass alongside the bike path, trying to keep up with the fleeing darkness. There’s a few bushes I can hide behind just in case. A thin layer of sweat coats my body, probably from all the sprinting and… exploring. Then I hear a hissing noise. I turn and see an eruption of sprinklers across the grass in the park. My run stops as I stop and bite my lip. It would be a shortcut, but there’s nowhere to hide in such an open part of the park.

I search every direction and give caution the finger. My heart races as I break from the path and run through the cool rain erupting from the ground. A cool wave washes over me, almost renewing my energy as I slow down in the sprinklers. I do a few stretches and let the water work, almost like I was showering.

I bite my lip, looking to the sky. Morning is well on its way, but the sun isn’t here yet. I lower my stance and approach a sprinkler, modesty is little more than a memory. A gasp escapes when the nozzle fires on its target. My hands grip the ground, and my knees follow, desperate to keep some balance.

Just once. I want to do this just once.

A hand goes between my legs and spreads my lips. I’m naked outside, far from any clothing, and risking being seen by an early jogger. The sprinkler tickles me and gets my body to sway. Another moan gets away as pleasure resonates in my body. My face finds the ground while the other hand dives into the intense heat my kitty is giving off.

I arch my back as the floodgates open. This time, I scream and my hips shiver. My fingers are soaked while brilliant colors flash in front of my eyes. Rapid hands continue rubbing, petting, and squeezing, trying to draw out more of that feeling.

I open my eyes, and I know I’m smiling. My face is crimson, and I think I feel a little drool on my lip. One more I can feel one more in me. Then I’ll go to my friends as planned. My hands slip between my thighs and go right back to work. The water keeps rushing, and the pleasure keeps building. I’m shaking. Just one more. That cyclist staring at me will understand.

THE CYCLIST!?

My eyes shoot wide as I see the other girl sitting on her bike, looking directly at me. I shut my legs together, but it’s far too late. My body convulses again and my heart roars in my ears. Hot moisture rushes between my thighs and all I can do is rip grass out of the ground. I’m cumming in front of a stranger. Not once but twice! I gasp for breath and drag myself away from the sprinkler. Sweet pleasure sways in my brain, but I know I should be panicking.

She has a hand over her mouth, giggling at me. After she bares her smile, she glances around the park, and pedals closer to me. My body is shaking and buzzing at the same time. I don’t have any strength, and half of my thoughts are just being comfortable.

“Hey!” she calls out as she approaches. “Um… did that feel as good as it looked?” She says with a blush.

I drag myself from that fun little stream of water. I can feel the cool splashing still raining down all over me. And of all things, I just nod at her. I have no idea who this is, just that everything feels so… wonderful right now.

“You must be the one my friend told me about,” she says, propping her shoes into the grass.

I blink. The world is still spinning. She isn’t chewing me out, that’s all that matters right now. “Your friend?”

“Did you see her? She jogs really late.” She smirks. “She told me she saw a naked girl running around, didn’t have any tan lines.” Her eyes look past me, and I just know she’s inspecting my back and everything facing the sky. “And I don’t see any tan lines on you, girl.”

“Oh… um… yeah.” I force a laugh. As my arms move into covering positions, I rise to my shaking legs. “I um… have a friend help me.”

“That same friend your Plan B?” She smirks and looks at her wristwatch. “Cause it might be time to put that plan into action. The sun’s rising like, right now.”

“Really?” I turn to the east and squint my eyes. A sliver of gold climbs above the horizon, and rainbows start to shine through the sprinkler mist. Little twinkles shiver in the grass like tiny stars. Birds are still singing for the morning. The darkness is gone. “O-oh no…”

“Think you can make it to your friends?” The girl rests her arms on the handlebar of the bike. “Cause the park doesn’t take long to get going. Usually, people out for exercise and fishermen get here first. I think you’re out of playtime.” She smirks.

A little shiver went up my back. Does she think I want to keep streaking? I don’t have much evidence to prove her wrong. “I’ll… I’ll be fine. Thanks for… being cool?” I gulp, blush, and smile at her.

“Oh I’m telling my friend what I saw,” she laughs. “But don’t worry. It’s just between you, me, and her. Oh, and hopefully your plan B soon.” She puts her foot back on the bike pedal. “Good luck!”

“Th-thanks!” I say. The other girl starts pedaling and leaves me. Now two people know I’m streaking the park. I have to limit that to three. My nerves turn to steel as I start my naked walk back through the sprinklers. I’m soaked from head to toe again, but it’s still a shortcut. I feel so vulnerable and as the haze of arousal drifts away, adrenaline starts pumping again.

I make one quick check for traffic. One car rolls down the road, forcing me behind a bush. My chest heaves as I take deep breaths. The driver barely needs their headlights anymore. Once the car turns the corner, I bolt from the tree and start running down my friend’s street.

I’m almost safe. I can feel it. Naked, wet feet slap the pavement, wind whips over my body. I nearly crumble at the thought of some windows looking over the street. But when I see my friend’s mailbox come into view, I have to charge forward. I’m almost done with this dare.

I sprint to her door and mash the doorbell. Please be awake. Please. A few rings later, I start knocking. I can’t tell my heartbeat from any sounds that she might be coming. Then the locks start turning.

There stood Layla, standing in an oversized t-shirt, giving me a strange look. “Alice? What’s going on? Why are you naked?”

“Layla! Let me in! Please, before someone sees!” I rush the words out.

There’s no hesitation as Layla steps aside, letting me into her home. The door shuts, sealing away the prying eyes of everyone but my lover. I stumble in and balance myself against her couch. I pant for a moment but smile. “Thank you…”

“Anytime, anytime,” Layla says, approaching me with a little smirk on her face. “Not that I’m complaining… but why are you naked?” Her hand finds its way to my shoulder. “Did you do something naughty without me?”

I blush and bite my lip. My thighs press together as I feel her fingertips trace little circles on my back. Calves ache again. It seems every inch of my body knows what those hands are capable of. “…Yes… I um… was in the park.”

There’s a playful slap on my butt, a tender caress follows.

“Aww, I would have loved to be in on it.” She smirks as her hand caresses my lower back.

I nibble my lip again. By this point I’m exhausted. “Hey, Layla… I’ve been running all night, do you mind if I rest here for a while?”

Layla hugs me, squeezing me. The feeling of fabric against my body is strange. It’s been hours since I last felt it.

“I think this was your plan all along, wasn’t it?” Layla smirks as that same hand slides down my naked backside. “Sure, you can rest. Whatever you need.”

As I feel the fingers pat my butt, I nibble my lip. Crashing on her couch sounds great… but do I dare ask for a little more?

“Hey um… could I ask one more favor?” I blush even thinking about this. “Could you… maybe… you know… massage me?”

She smirks, wiping a few beads of water leftover from my butt. “Hmm, I dunno… you went out and had fun without me, then you ask me for a full body massage on my day off?” Layla’s hand squeezes my butt again. “Hmm….okay!”

“R-really?” I blink.

“Yep! Just ooooone condition!” She raises a hand at me. “I get to help you go back to your place.”

I raise an eyebrow. “That’s not so bad…”

“Not done!” She giggles. “You’re staying naked the entire day. The massage, your nap, another walk through the park. You’re nude until we’re at your house.” Layla winks at me and gives another pat to my naked backside. Then her free hand points down a little hallway of her house. “Now, let’s get you on my practice table.”
