This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: Controlled Speech
Keywords: (MF, humil, tragic)
Optional Keywords: 

----------------------------------------------------------------



This story is set in the fictional "Reatcher World" http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/doppelganger/reatcher_world.txt . Read it to understand why the described events would be possible.

Democracy has deteriorated. The right to protest and freedom of speech still hold, at least in theory, but now, those that want to demonstrate have to formally request permission to the police, which can grant or deny it in a rather arbitrary way (but usually, following indications from the government). Lately, the police has only been allowing the mildest forms of protest; those that do not endanger their position and just give an illusory sensation of mild dissent, or just serve as unwilling buffoons that strengthen the popularity of the government among the populace. Sometimes, the police accepts a demonstration conditionally to allowing only slogans of their choice and changing any other conditions of the event, like time, place, and way in which it takes place. Police and government have decided that this is the best strategy to keep an illusion of freedom, while benefiting at the same time from the process of blurring, neutralizing and declawing any public expression of opposed ideologies, to the point of turning them into mere parodies of themselves.

Recently, a small group of local university students with an above-average representation of females has planned to organize a protest related to some humanist civil rights cause. Like many youth, they are idealist, but they are also moderate and they believe the only way to advance and achieve something is in a civilized way, using diplomacy instead of agressiveness and violence. Therefore, even if they dislike it deeply, they decide to abide by the current rules and request permission at the police, filling all the formalities. 

The student in charge of attending the meeting that will end in a permission or rejection is a female member. The head of local police may have some fun imposing draconian conditions for the demonstration to take place, like imposing mottos that are so toned down that look ridiculously timid, and conditions that are viciously hard and even denigrating for the demonstrators, like having sme parts of their bodies exposed. But the students will have to choose between accepting these conditions to be able to transmit at least paort of their message, and reject them and lose any opportunity to express their views. Additionally, the latter option includes the veiled risk of entering the government's black book of "extremists" that are not willing to comply with the government's conditions. Even if the conditions are very hard and some of the students reject to continue with the protest under them, some others, like the one sent to negotiate, may begrudgingly accept the conditions as the only way to convey a tiny fraction of their message.
