Emily's Adventures - XVI - (fsolo, scat, exhib)

Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Emily escapes the bathroom, with almost all of her dignity!

------------------

	The bathroom door opened and shut and Emily listened for footsteps.  Ten seconds later and there was no noise in the bathroom, so she assumed that someone had just exited.  If she could only get into another stall, she thought, she would then have toilet paper to clean herself off.  
	Slowly she pushed up on the lip of the bowl, lifting herself out of the toilet.  There was a sucking sound as she finally popped free.  She got to her feet and a large pile of poo fell out of her lap, with a loud splat, to the hard tile floor.  She looked down to inspect herself.  It was as if she was wearing skin tight short shorts mad out of shit.  Her upper thighs, her waist, and everything in between was covered with poo.  She definitely needed to clean up.  She walked on tip toe over to the stall door and held her ear against the slats, listening for any sound of life in the bathroom.
	After what seemed like a sufficient amount of time of silence, Emily opened the door a crack and peered out.  There was no one at the sinks, as she could see in the mirrors above the sinks that all of the stall doors were slightly ajar.  Emily took a deep breath and ran out of her stall, heading straight to the nearest open door.  She slipped inside and shut the door, breathing a sigh of relief.  She moved over to the toilet paper dispenser and was relieved to see that there was a full roll.  She started to pull paper from the roll, ripping it off and crumpling it into big wads.  She did her beast to clean herself off and she flushed the dirty tissues into the toilet.  With a smile she headed back towards the door to sneak back into the handicap stall which still had her clothes.  It was then that she heart the bathroom door open.  Emily froze and listened to the footsteps.
	Through the slats in the stall door she could see a set of high heels walk across the bathroom floor.   With horror, Emily watched as they moved passed the stall she was in and went into the stall next to hers  -" the handicap stall!  She heard the stall door close and lock.  A second later she heard what sounded like a young woman shriek.   "Ewww!  What the fuck?" the woman exclaimed.  Emily hoped that the woman would leave the stall and go into a different one, but she waited in vain to hear the stall door.
	For five minutes Emily stood in the stall, naked save for her bra, waiting to hear something front the next stall.  After what seemed like an eternity to Emily, she finally heard the woman next door exit the stall.  She peaked through the slats on her door and watched the woman's feet go to the sinks.  She washed her hands, and exited the bathroom.  Emily took a deep breath and ran back to the handicap stall.  She found herself wondering what the woman had used for toilet paper, and hoped that it wasn't . . . her jeans.  Her jeans lay next to the toilet, crumpled on the floor.  She could see that there was a wet spot on one of the legs as well as a long brown streak.   "Fuck" Emily said aloud.  
	She put on her blouse and her skirt back on, slipped on her shoes, and carried her soiled jeans out to the sink.  She was glad to see that her wallet and phone were still in the pocket.  She did her best to clean the jeans in the sink, but they were now soaked.  She wrung them out and rolled them up so she could carry them with her.  She was about to head off to the restaurant when she had an idea, a naughty, naughty idea.  She was mad at Sara for not leaving any toilet paper, but she had to admit that the whole experience had been rather exciting.
	With an evil grin Emily walked back into the handicap stall and opened the lid of the toilet.  To her delight she saw two large brown turds resting atop the gooey mess that she had been playing in.  Emily unrolled her jeans on the floor and reached into the bowl.  In addition to the turds, she could see a small puddle of warm golden liquid.  She grabbed both of the turds and placed them on her jeans, which she then rolled back up.  With a smile she headed out of the bathroom.  As she walked across the mall, she couldn't help but notice that almost every male she passed looked back at her, unable to resist watching her beautiful legs walk away in such a tiny skirt.  At one point she even leaned over a trash can, pretending to throw something away, and was delighted to hear the quiet gasp of those behind her who were treated to a wonderful view of her petite little butt.
	She finally got to the pizza place and saw Sara and Anna and Megan sitting at a booth sharing a large pizza.  They all watch her as she approaches.  As she slides into the booth next to Sara she kisses her on the cheek.   "So," Sara asks, "how was it?"