An Introduction

Hi all!

   This is the first time I've ever tried posting my experiences so please
bear with me.  I'm 20 yrs old from Manila in the Philippines.  I'm 5'6"
tall, fair complexion and I measure 35C-24-34.  Some say I look like
Jessica Alba.  I graduated from college when I was 19-I got accelerated
twice.  Currently I work as a supervisor in an outsourcing company.  I
spend roughly 11-12 hours at work and my coworkers know me as someone who's
reliable diligent and serious at my job.  I dress appropriately for work
and some think I'm on the conservative side.  This is an image that I try
my best to maintain to my coworkers, "other" friends and family.

   If they only knew that I have a dark side.  A closely kept secret that
only my fiancée and a chosen few know about: I love sex!  I love getting
fucked, sucking cock and eating pussy and I don't care who I get it from. I
know this may sound weird, sick, out of a porn movie or too good to be
true. Fact is, this is my life and with a little coaxing and encouragement
from my fiancé Eric I decided to post it.  Without counting repeats, I've
so far had sex with 19 boys, 17 men, 12 girls and 14 women.  Yup, I count.
I first got fucked when I was 12 by my 14 yr.  old boyfriend at that time.
But the first time I stuck something in my pussy was a candle at the age of
10.  I started masturbating at the age of 9.  After that candle I would
stick in a lot of other stuff just to find out what felt best: Eggplants,
cucumbers, carrots, bottles, hotdogs and handles.  So long as it was long,
smooth and fat I'd stick it in.  Anyway, I'll tell you all in my next
posting about my first time and other experiences.  As I was saying, I like
all kinds of sex.  Some of my favorites are: foursomes-especially when I'm
the only girl.  I just love it when one guy is in my pussy, the other is in
my ass and I'm blowing the other guy.  Another fav is when guys line up and
fuck me one after the other (the most I've had was 6 guys-this is another
great story which I'll tell you later).  We live in a 3 bedroom house.  A
year ago me and Eric won a sizeable jackpot when we were in Vegas.  With
our winnings were able to build the house and get 2 cars.  The rest of we
put in the bank and other investments and the monthly profits we get from
is more than enough to support our shall we say "hobby".  Of the 3
bedrooms, one is the master's bedroom, the other a guest room and the third
is where we "entertain" guests.  That room is wired both audio and video,
covertly of course.  After a session, I like to masturbate while watching
myself or Eric in action.  Often, Eric or I would be in the masters manning
the video controls while the other is in the other room fucking some other
guy/s or girl/s.  Personally, aside from I feel safer knowing he's there,
it really turns me on knowing that my fiancé is watching me sucking someone
else's cock or getting fucked in my pussy or ass or both by strangers. 
Afterwards when my guests have left, Eric would give me a "post game"
commentary while fucking me of course.  Afterwards, we would edit the raw
footage and make a real nice homemade porn movie.  As of this date, we have
32 videos.  18 are mine and 14 of Eric.  Well so now you have a little
backgrounder of me.  I'll get on relating my experiences both past and
present in future writings.  
