A Foolish Bet
by Icecubez

Anna could feel her nipples harden as the time approached for her to get up in front of everyone to give her presentation. She wasn't nervous about the presentation. She had done plenty of presentations in her time. She was nervous about the fact that she would be doing this presentation naked.

The tension in the office was mounting, as her colleagues waited to see if she would go through with it. At the moment she was seated with her coat hiding her body. Anna could not believe that it had come to this. She had always been competitive but before today this part of her personality had never got her into this kind of trouble.

Her bosses introduction of her presentation was winding to a close. She began to unbutton her coat. Herself doubts over her ability to do this were threatening to engulf her. Yet as the buttons of her coat were undone and the air conditioned air began to bite at her naked skin another feeling began to take over in Anna as her confidence grew. Taking away the doubt and replacing it with a certain knowledge. She knew in just two minutes every man in that room would be looking at her figure, her firm petite breasts, her curves, her neatly trimmed pussy and her silky smooth long legs. She could read the phone book to them and they would declare her a genius. This thought gave her confidence. This thought also caused a familiar feeling between her legs. She was getting turned on by the idea of what was about to happen.

As she looked in the direction of her best friend Jane she winked. As the last button was undone and Anna began to work it away from her shoulders she reflected about the night when it all began.

****************

It was a Friday night not unlike any other. The week was over and Anna and Jane were going out to celebrate another week survived with a group of friends. They were at Jane's house getting ready. Doing their make-up, co-ordinating their clothes, drinking a bottle of wine and talking about there favourite subject. Men.

"All men are suckers. If they think they can get into your knickers then they will do whatever you say." Said Jane

"Not all men."Argued Anna

"I'll prove it if you like."Challenged Jane

"And how are you going to do that?"Replied Anna

"A Challenge."Replied Jane

"I'm listening."

"Not only can I get all the guys to drop their trousers in the club tonight. I bet I can get them all to let me put their erections in my mouth for at least a minute."

Anna was intrigued. She knew the guys that they were out with tonight and while she knew at least two of them would love for Jane to do this she also knew that Kevin was gay and so there would be no way that he would consent to such a thing.

"Ok. So what is the consequence if you fail your challenge?" Asked Anna

"Simple. The next presentation that I do at work I will do it naked." Replied Jane

"And if you manage to do it?"Asked a slightly worried Anna

"Then you have to do your next presentation naked." Said Jane with a smile.

"But won't that get us fired?"Asked Anna

"No, I'll square it with Jeff."Said a confident Jane

Anna thought about it for a minute. She knew that Kevin was her trump card and she quite like the idea of Jane being naked in front of all of their colleagues. She would have bragging right on this one for a long time. She couldn't see how she could lose.

"You're on."Said Anna.

They had been in the club for a few hours and everyone was having a good time. As time went on Anna grew more and more confident that she would win the challenge and Jane would be presenting naked. Anna was so busy mentally working out how she could get maximum attendance to the meeting to ensure the biggest exposure possible to her friends unveiling that she didn't notice that all the guys were listening into Jane until it was too late.

"I'm telling you guys seriously a woman can tell who a man is by taking him into her mouth. Especially if it is either her boyfriend or she has looked at it for at least a minute." Jane said.

Anna froze. She held her breath. Surely Jane wasn't going to.

"Rubbish." Declared Robert.

"Ok. I'll prove it. You all drop your trousers and if after I have looked for a minute at you and taken each of you in my mouth I can't tell you which order you were standing I'll drink my next drink topless." Responded Jane

Anna was worried. Jane had deployed a cunning plan and she knew that Robert was about to fall into her trap. Her last hope was her trump card Kevin. He was her only hope now. If the guys all dropped their trousers then she was doomed. She looked up as she heard a zip being pulled down.

Kevin dropped her trousers first. Anna groaned. Firstly because she was banking on Kevin to derail the challenge and secondly because she was looking at something she would never get but that looked so inviting. God had blessed Kevin and played a cruel joke on womankind the day he made Kevin gay.

The other guys soon followed suit. Anna sat there looking like a kid in a sweet shop. All those lollypops there begging to be licked and sucked and there was Jane ahead of her in the queue smiling like the cat that got the cream. 

With her observation time over Kevin slipped off his shirt and blindfolded Jane while the guys reordered themselves. Anna couldn't take her eyes away from Kevin's body. Seeing him almost made loosing bearable. Now if he wasn't gay and she could take him home tonight, she would be more than happy to lose the challenge.

As Jane worked her way down the line of men it was obvious that they were enjoying being part of this. Wayne enjoyed it a bit too much and came in Jane's mouth. She discreetly spat it out and didn't say a word. Wayne looked embarrassed but relieved the others looked jealous.

As she finished she stood up and removed Kevin's shirt. Followed swiftly by her own. As she unhooked her bra and released her breasts any hope of the guys comfortably getting dressed was lost. Even Kevin had to admire Jane's breasts in their natural state.

"Thanks boys I needed that." She said with a smile as she drowned her drink in one.

"But you lost," said a confused Robert.

"Lost? Are you sure?" said Jane.

The guys looked at Jane confused.

"Thanks guys" said Anna.

"Now, I'm lost" said Kevin.

"Jane bet me she could get you all to get them and let her take you in her mouth. I said you wouldn't."

The guys all looked at Jane.

"Don't worry guys I've arranged a great way to make it up to you. Be at Anna's presentation next week. It will be very revealing."

Anna sank into her chair as she realised that Jane had just succeeded in ensuring that there would be a lot of people who would see her. She began to try to work out how to escape from this. She was not looking forward to it.

*****************

Anna's bosses face went very pale as he saw her rise from her chair as the coat she was wearing fell away from her revealing her naked body. He gasped and knew that he had lost.

He stepped to one side so that Anna could stand next to him. Jane rose from her seat.

Anna froze. Everyone was looking not only at her but also at her boss. He was loosening his tie. Unbuttoning his shirt. Unbuckling his belt. Dropping his trousers. Sliding his boxers to the ground. He was naked too.

Anna was confused. She was naked, her boss was naked. What was happening?

"Thank you Anna you can sit down."Her boss said.

Jane walked to where Anna was sitting and whispered in her ear "You see I told you I would sort it. He can't fire you for something he did too now can he?"

"I apologise ladies and gentleman but I wanted you to see visually that we take advertising your product so seriously we were prepared to demonstrate our idea for your ad campaign ourselves. We think that this ad campaign will promote your product in such a way that people will talk about it for a long time."

Anna reached behind her chair for her coat but couldn't feel it. She looked for Jane and saw them both going out of the door. She softly cursed Jane under her breath and began the walk back to her office where she had left her clothes.

Anna found the walk both liberating and scary at the same time. Some of the supervisors reported a drop in concentration levels during the walk. Others were too distracted to notice what their staff were doing.

As Anna was putting her clothes back on she couldn't help thinking that Jane was the best member of her team. Even if she did get her into trouble. Anna began to think of how she would get Jane back. After all if the client signed off on the concept then someone would need to get naked for the test shoots.

Anna smiled. She could have some real fun with this.

"Kevin!" she called out.


