THE BEZISTAN CHRONICLES
Chapter 9
Departure for the Middle East
This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years 

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris) 
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't do any rewrites, make alterations or add pictures"

Chapter 9: Departure for the Middle East

Part 1: Luc

I awake in fright. Panic-stricken, and unable to comprehend what is happening to me, I can only think that before last weekend, I had lived, worked and played in London. It is beyond my understanding as to how I now find myself naked and in chains and locked in a cage waiting to be shipped into slavery. Bitterly, I recall the treachery that delivered me into the hands of Prince Rashid's slavers.

My name is Luc and I'm twenty years old. I work - or I should correct myself and say I did work - as a personal trainer at one of London's premier fitness centres. I'd been flattered when the apparently successful businessman, Mike Henshaw had singled me out as his personal trainer. I suppose I was young and impressionable, but Mike's interest in me seemed genuine and I really liked him.

He is five years older than me and as our friendship developed, I'd looked on him as a de facto big brother. Over the months, we trained together on a regular basis and then we started to mix socially. Inevitably, I found myself spending more of my time with Mike and when we weren't together, I missed him. As I saw it, he'd really become an integral part of my life. 

Now angry and terrified, I see this as more of an evil insinuation into it rather than the affection I foolishly thought he had for me.

I don't think I'm gay, however the muscular hardness and firm tautness of the male body has always appealed to me and I did find myself attracted to Mike; but not in `that way'. At just over six feet in height and weighing between 180 to 190 lbs., his handsome features are framed by his black curly hair. His eyes are lustrous grey-green  and when he smiles - which he does a lot -  his full red lips part to show the dazzling, whiteness of his teeth. Working out regularly in the gym has honed his body to perfection and it has given him a physique any man would be proud to possess.

After our joint work-outs, we'd always shower together and I was able to appreciate his naked body both professionally and ascetically. Of course, I was careful not to appear too interested but somehow, I always managed to sneak a peek at him as he soaped up under the shower and, more and more, I found myself admiring the shapely, rounded curves of his buttocks and his enormous uncut cock which always seemed to be in a state of semi arousal. 

I was aware that his eyes were often fixed on my own body and sometimes, as we fooled around in the shower, I was very conscious of his hands roaming over my nakedness. I was flattered by his attention and didn't feel threatened by it. 

Initially, I did wonder whether Mike was homosexual but in the absence of any advances from him I dismissed this from my thoughts. But I was left wondering -what would my reaction be should Mike show a sexual interest in me?

It came as no surprise, therefore, when Mike invited me to join him and two of his football mates Brett and Craig, for a weekend in the country. The group also included twin brothers from the US, improbably named Josh and Jake and a young Frenchman, Yannick. I'm not aware of their relationship to Mike but I assumed that, like me, they were friends. 

The weekend was at an isolated cottage somewhere in the south-west countryside and I was excited at the newness of it all - great weather, beautiful scenery and the general sort of `guy stuff' that four energetic, young men engage in. And I quickly warmed to the twins and Yannick.

Like me they are fit, full of energy and I found them to be lots of fun. We travelled down late on Friday and spent the daylight hours of Saturday hiking across the isolated moors and in `man-on-man' activities like touch football, basketball and wrestling. We quickly built up a rapport and planned to stay in touch when we returned to London.

The weather was warm and all four of us stripped down to our shorts and soon we were lathered with sweat from our exertions. Dave and his two friends Brett and Craig sat quietly and watched us as we played and tussled with one another. I remember on one occasion they were lost in deep conversation as they observed us. 

Thinking back with hindsight, it is obvious they were `assessing' us although, in my case, my body had been on display numerous times in Mike`s presence. Perhaps, watching as the four of us cavorted around semi-naked, they were turned-on by the thought that we were soon be enslaved. Who knows how the mind of a slaver works?

There was absolutely no hint of Mike's true plans for us. All four of us were completely at ease and trusted him implicitly. After all nothing in Mike's behaviour had ever hinted at his true occupation; in my case I saw him as a rich, successful businessman from the City. 

After dinner on Saturday, we were encouraged by Mike and his two friends to indulge in excessive drinking and loud, boisterous conversation. Normally, I drink only occasionally and never to excess - the fitness freak in me would never allow this to happen. However, I didn't want to appear aloof or out of step with the others and, in my naivety, I drank far too much. All four of us weren't aware that our drinks were laced with a slow acting sedative - until too late. As the night wore on, I felt my mood mellowing and inevitably I lost consciousness.

                                               >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

On slowly regaining consciousness, I become horribly aware that something is amiss. I realise to my horror that I'm now naked with my hands cuffed behind my back and my mouth stuffed with a ball gag. As I try to move, I discover I'm locked into a small steel cage similar to those used by dog owners and that I'm only able to sit in a crouching position or rest on all fours.

In desperation I look for a way out of my confinement and, in the gloom of my warehouse prison, I see that the twins and Yannick are similarly confined in identical cages to my own and are placed alongside me. 

Now other muffled noises and smells assail my senses and I'm aware that we aren't alone in the room; I see many more cages, each containing a naked, cuffed and gagged young man. From the smell it is obvious these prisoners have been here for some time. I haven't any notion of time and in the semi darkness of the warehouse, I haven't any idea of whether it is day or night.

Soon I hear the sound of voices and approaching footsteps. Suddenly, the door opens noisily and bright fluorescent lights flood the interior of the warehouse.

"What time did you say the truck will be here to transfer them to the airstrip, Brett?" 

Mike asks as he and his two associates, Brett and Craig enter the warehouse.

"What's the time now"? Brett poses the question. "Half past four. The lorry should be here in about one and a half to two hours' time. I did impress on them that the cages will need to be moved and loaded onto the transport plane after dark. There won't be any problems - it's about a two hour run to the airstrip ain`t it? Let's say an hour to load `em on to the plane and then about a ten or so hour flight to the Middle East. About eighteen hours from now and these poor fuckers will be in their new home."

"Ain't a moment too soon", Craig ventures. "It stinks to high heaven in here, it smells like a farmyard".

"You'd stink too if you were locked up in a cage for several days". Mike replied. "But you're right they are on the nose. I think they'll smell even worse before they arrive at their destination. Once they do arrive, I'm sure their overseers will clean them up".

"Hello Luc," Mike says as looks down into my cage. "I guess you're wondering what's going on, eh? Believe it or not, old son, you're on your way to the Middle East to a slave training farm," Mike smiles maliciously at the look of utter disbelief in my eyes, "and yes, to answer that question in your mind, there are such things as modern day slaves; as you'll soon find out. Unfortunately for you, you're now part of my latest shipment to your new owner, Prince Rashid al-Bahr. When you've finished your training, you will be sold as a slave to some wealthy owner. With your good looks and great body I should think you'll be a popular lot at auction. I can see you on your knees with that beautiful ass elevated as your new master rams his cock into you. Speaking of pricks, unluckily you still have your foreskin. Once you arrive at the farm, that'll come off at the same time as they brand you. Masters DO like their slaves to be trimmed as they don't like to see any part of a slave hidden from public view".

Walking away from my cage, Mike turns to make a farewell comment.

"But I'm going to miss you as my trainer. Still I'm sure I'll find another to equal you. Who knows, one day soon he might even join you at the prince's farm".

Gagged as I am, I'm not able to speak and I listen in horror as Mike gleefully discusses with Brett and Craig the amount of profit he is going to make on me and this latest shipment of raw, new slaves. 

"By my calculations 22 slaves at 15,000 a head comes in at 330,000 all up, less your expenses". 

Brett and Craig exchange furtive glances before Brett replies to Mike's bragging.

"Well actually, the prince has promised to round that figure up that to 350,000 for the additional slave," Brett tells Mike.

Puzzled, Mike asks, "What additional slave? I don't know anything about that."

"That's right Mike, you don't know about the private arrangement the prince made with me and Craig. You see the prince wants this to be a big surprise to you."

I listen as this exchange between Mike and Brett is taking place and I watch as Craig quietly positions himself behind Mike. Then with a sly nod of the head from Brett, Craig injects a quick acting tranquiller into Mike`s shoulder.

"What the fu....," Mike cries out before dropping semi-conscious to the floor.

Aware that the drug dosage is only minimal, Brett and Craig work quickly to strip Mike of all his clothes, place a leather collar around his neck, fasten his wrists behind his back and then place a ball-gag in his mouth. 

Stepping back, they admire the naked man lying unconscious at their feet. Before them is the body of a strongly built man aged 25, six feet tall and weighing between 180 to 190 lbs. His handsome face is framed by a mop of thick black curls and his chest and belly are covered with a covering of hair to match.

"Jeez Brett, just look at the size of that prick; ain`t it a beauty?"

Craig exclaims in amazement at the sight of Mike's long, thick, uncut cock flopping over the top of his walnut sized balls.

"I didn't know he wuz so well hung".

"Well you wouldn't;" Brett laughs, "as far as I know Mike ain't into showing off his wedding tackle. Still that'll change once he gits to the prince's farm. I see he's uncut. What wuz it he said before about skinning because owners don't like any part of their slaves to be hidden? I guess he's about to find out for himself. OUCH! The thought brings tears to the eyes, dunnit?"

"Hey Brett, what'll happen to Mike once he's been delivered to the prince?"

"I don' know and I don' really care". Brett answers. "Mike wuz always `up hisself'. Arrogant prick; serves him right, if you ask me. My guess is he'll come back to earth with a jolt. Anyway, let's git him caged up before he comes round".

With that, Brett and Craig carry Mike over to an empty cage next to mine and bundle him in before closing and locking the front panel. I watch in horror at this betrayal of Mike but never-the-less I feel grim satisfaction in knowing that he is now to share in the same misery he has condemned me to.

"There you go Craig, he's all packed up and ready to go. Wait till he wakes up. The look on his face should be priceless once he realises he's like the rest of `em - on his way to becoming a slave. Anyway let's git away from this stink and have something' to eat and drink before the lorry arrives".

                                                          >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Part 2: Mike

As I regain my senses, I'm disorientated and unable to focus my mind.

Gradually, as the fog in my mind clears, I'm aware that something has gone terribly wrong and that I`m in dire trouble. Craig and Brett have betrayed me and have turned the tables on me. Selfishly, I disregard my own betrayal of the young men who share the cages with me; like them I'm now a slave waiting to be shipped out to Prince Rashid. 

My mind rebels at the thought of this and my senses scream -NO! This can`t be happening to me; what have I done to deserve such treachery?

Confusion and fear grip me as I stare out through the bars of the cage in which I'm now imprisoned. My movement is limited by the confines of the cage and the fact that my hands are fastened behind me. Looking to the cage to my left I see Luc, naked, bound and gagged. 

The realisation that I am naked, bound and gagged like the rest of the prisoners I'd so carefully harvested for Prince Rashid al-Bahr is like a physical blow; my bowels cramp with fear and shock and I`m afraid I`ll disgrace myself. With a desperation now born of panic, I frantically try to free myself by kicking at the front panel of the cage. Through my panic,
I hear approaching footsteps and voices. Looking up I see Brett and Craig standing in front of my cage. 

Desperately, I try to plead for help but the gag in my mouth restricts my words to a series of muffled grunts. Looking down at me, they laugh cruelly at my changed circumstances.

"Hello! Hello you're awake then Mike? What's all the fuss about? Just settle down and Craig and me'll explain what's happenin`. You see Mike, apparently you upset Prince what's-his-name. It had summit to do with your bad manners during his last visit to London. He felt you wuz too familiar and di'nit shown him the proper respect due to His `igh and Mightiness. Anyway, `e approached us and offered us an extra 20,000 just to crate you up and ship you out with these other poor fuckers. He also asked us to take over your operations. What wuz Craig and I to do, mate? See it from our angle Mike. The prince's offer wuz way too good fer us to miss out on wuzn't it? What else could we do, mate? This way, the prince pays us fer the 22 slaves you harvested and we git an extra bonus for you. No hard feelin's, Mike; but as you always said, business is business".

At Brett's words I futilely renew my struggle to get free of the cage. I vainly beg for mercy through my gag.

"No way, mate" laughs Craig, "you're in there until you git to the Middle East. Hey Brett, you know how Mike wuz always goin' on about the boys he sent the prince being fuck-toys for rich men? Does that mean he'll be one too?"

"I guess so, Craig. I fancy some fat, old freak will soon be pushin' his sweaty cock up Mike's arse. Lookin' at him though, it could be a tight fit for a start. Still as Mike always joked about the slaves he harvested, their holes are stretched to take even the biggest cocks. Ironic isn't it that he's about to find out this out fer hisself?"

I listen in horror at this jocular discussion of my future. Again I attempt to plead but my voice is muted by my gag and only my pleading eyes are able to convey my inner turmoil. My mind is screaming out.

"I don't want to be a slave. PLEASE ..........?"

Reacting to three sudden blasts of a horn from outside the building, Brett observes. 

"It sounds like the truck is here for the pick-up, Craig. I'll open the doors and you start up the forklift and we kin start loadin' `em up."

I'm now only too aware that I'm on my way to Prince Rashid's estate as a new slave and I know there is no hope for rescue. I have lost count of the number of recruits I have cruelly consigned to the Bezistan and not one of them has ever returned home.  Uselessly, I struggle to fight my way out of my prison. Suddenly, in my terror, I lose control of my bladder and I piss myself and I realise this won't be the last time before I reach my destination.

I cry tears of remorse but not for all the young men I've consigned to Prince Rashid as slaves. No, my tears aren't for them; they are for me and for all I have lost and for what waits for me in my new life as a slave.

All around me the other prisoners sense they are about to begin their individual journeys into slavery. Desperately and vainly, they struggle to free themselves from their prisons.

But for Luc, as he futilely threshes about his own cage, the only bright spot is that the man who betrayed his friendship and delivered him into slavery is to share his fate.

For Luc, there is a small measure of justice after all!

To be continued..............

