The Descending Angel Display
by gremlinpi

Nude art show with my ass on the other side of the wall.

It all started when I was out drinking one night with an artist friend of mine. I was in a long-distance relationship then and didn't get a chance to see my boyfriend very often. Over drinks, I admitted to my friend, Sarah, that I was horny all of the time and masturbated at least once a day. I even told her I fantasized about being tied up while strangers watched, touched, and fucked me until I came. I had never told anyone about that secret fantasy before. I still can't believe that I told her about it.

Sarah wasn't shocked or offended. She thought it might be a good concept for an art project. She asked me if I would consider doing some modeling work. Maybe nude?

I was drunk enough to tell her that it sounded interesting. The rest of the night, we talked about kinky sex. I even told her I like to have my boyfriend tie me up. I never told anyone about that before.

A few days later, she called me and asked me if I would help her with an art display that she wanted to do. She told me it would involve nude modeling in front of people I didn't know. It was a one-time thing for an art event. She said she got the idea from our conversation over drinks and wanted to see if I wanted to do it or if she should hire a life model.

Sarah can be very persuasive and talk people into almost anything when she wants to. So, I told her that I would do it. She said she needed me next weekend and told me the time and place to meet her.

Over the next few days, I asked her about it, but she just said it would be some nude posing. All I had to do was not move while people looked at me. It would be fun, but make sure not to be late.

I was nervous and unsure if I still wanted to do it, but Sarah told me that she was counting on me and it would be okay. She would be there with me.

When Saturday finally arrived, I went downtown to the address Sarah gave me. It was a fancy office building, and the security guard let me in.

Sarah smiled when she greeted me and told me she was glad I was doing this and thought I would love it. She told me to use the bathroom now because once I was in position, I wouldn't be able to until the show was over.

We walked to a place with a hole in the wall like there was a construction project. There was a ladder and some scaffolding. Sarah pulled curtains around us and asked me to strip down to my underwear. She told me we would keep them on while I got into position, then take them off later. I reluctantly undressed in front of her, keeping my bra and panties.

Sarah led me up the ladder to the scaffolding and asked me to lay on my stomach and crawl through the hole. I wasn't sure what she was up to, but I went along. When I was part way through, she told me to stop with my top on one side of the wall and my legs on the other.

Then she told me she would move my arms and legs into position. It might not be comfortable at first, but she would make sure that nothing hurt.

I let her pull my arms behind me and put my hands into two smaller holes in the wall. She made me arch my back, and I felt something soft around my wrists hold them in place. I looked back and saw they vanished into the wall just below the elbow, and I couldn't pull them out.

I was a little freaked out, but Sarah reassured me that she would stay with me and make sure I was okay. I calmed down and told her that nothing hurt.

Sarah went to the other side, and I felt her moving my legs. She spread them apart and bent them upwards, and I felt something soft around my ankles so that I couldn't move them either.

I felt Sarah adjust the straps around my midriff, wrist, and ankles. She wanted to ensure I was comfortable because I would have to stay that way for a while. I told her it didn't feel any worse than some of the things my boyfriend did to me when he tied me up, but we usually didn't do it sticking halfway through a wall.

Sarah carefully removed the scaffolding so that I was supported only by the straps.

I looked around. I was stuck halfway through the wall with my head, breasts, and upper body on one side and my lower body, including my legs, feet, and torso, on the other. My hands were stretched behind me on the other side, with my legs and feet.

It was as if I had dove head-first into the wall and somehow got frozen there. It made me a little light-headed because Sarah had my head lower than the rest of my body but pulled slightly up by my arms. My head was about the level of Sarah's crotch. Sarah said that was to make it look like I was diving.

I watched as Sarah carefully patched the holes around my torso and arms, so there wasn't any gap between my skin and the wall. I felt her put the wet filler around my feet, where they vanished back into the wall.

While she worked, she mentioned that she was calling the side of the exhibit with my head "Angel Descending," and the side with my legs, hands, and pussy was the "Hind Side of Angel Descending." She explained that it implied that I was an angel in the process of falling from grace. She mentioned that with the door she was using locked, the only way to get from one side of my display to the other was to walk the whole way through the exhibit, a 5-minute walk. My head was near the entrance, and my legs were at the far end.

Finally, she unsnapped my bra, and I felt my breasts spill out and dangle under me. Sarah told me she would buy me a new bra and cut the strap with a knife to take it off. I watched my breasts swing back and forth and wondered, belatedly, how many people would see them.

Next, I felt Sarah pull down my underwear to my legs, and then I didn't feel them anymore. She must have cut them off too. I realized Sarah spread my legs obscenely wide apart, and my pussy would be just about at eye level. Anyone standing behind me could look right down into my wide-open pussy.

I also realized that I was soaking wet.

Sarah didn't say anything else to me as she cleared the partitions from around us and locked the door she used to move from one side to the other. I was a little freaked out.

Mounted the way I was, I stared at the floor. I could lift my head and look around, but it wasn't comfortable.

I didn't have to wait long before the first very well-dressed art patrons walked by and looked at me. Some talked about me like I wasn't there. Some spoke to me, but most didn't, maybe because I couldn't make eye contact unless I turned my head up. My hair hung down and covered my face unless I turned my head.

There were men and women, almost all couples. They seemed pretty young, in their twenties, but some were much older. They looked affluent.

A few women asked me if they could touch my dangling breasts and let their boyfriends feel them. Some didn't bother asking. One woman felt my nipple. When I didn't complain, she played with my breast and pinched it. Some people seemed surprised that I was alive rather than a statue.

From my vantage point, I noticed that some guys got erections. I realized my head was at the perfect level to suck them if they unzipped and pulled it out. I thought about that for a while. The foundling made me so horny that I half wished that one would. I thought about how it would feel in my mouth. Damn! I was horny!

People moved through the exhibit. They seemed to like the display. I wondered if anyone was looking at my vagina. It felt like it was gaping open. I started to feel people touch my legs as if viewers wanted to see if I was real or fake. I moved my hand and fingers to let them know I felt them.

Some of the touches became bold and moved inside my thigh. The first person to directly touch the lips of my vagina made me jump, startling the people watching my head. An older woman asked me if I was all right. I assured her that I was. The touch was brief, but I am sure the unknown fingers were now wet with my arousal.

The exhibit served drinks, and the patrons got bolder as the night went on. Some of the fingers touched me more intimately, rubbing my lips, clit, and even entering me with their fingers, but they were quick, fugitive like they didn't want to get caught.

Some viewers had already viewed my pussy and commented on how decadent it was to have my cunt spread open like that. I heard one guy speculate on how many men would fuck me before the night was over. The woman he was with slapped his arm playfully for having a dirty mind and pointed out that my pussy was too high to reach without a ladder. The guy observed that the display had steps under my legs that looked like they were in the right place. The couple walked away, still debating if people would fuck me in public. The guy was sure they would, but the woman disagreed. I listened to them and had to admit the guy seemed more convincing.

I tried to decide if Sarah was trying to get me laid. Was she going to watch random guys fuck me? I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I realized I had given her the idea when I told her my fantasy when we drank that night. I was so horny; it didn't even sound bad. I wouldn't be able to see them or even know who had me. Maybe that was better.

Some guys stood close enough to brush my face with the crotch of their pants. I could smell the arousal of some of the women too.

Sarah came by to check on me. She apologized for not coming by sooner, but she got caught up talking to people. She asked me how I was doing.

I told her it was okay, but some viewers were a little touchy-feely, especially on the other side. I told her that some people felt me up, but it wasn't bad. I admitted to her that I had never been this horny. She smiled and said that, in that case, she wouldn't worry about me too much and let them have their way with me.

As it got later, the crowd started to thin out. I noticed the touches on my legs and pussy grew bold and lingered longer. I felt someone start to rub me. After being aroused for so long, it didn't feel bad. I moved my fingers to let them know it was okay. I felt the fingers enter me and start finger-banging me.

A young woman heard my moan and whispered to her date. My breasts started to swing back in forth in time to the fingers fucking me, and I noticed the woman's date had an erection.

She asked me what was going on. She whispered so that only her date and I would hear. I whispered back that someone was fingering me on the other side. I described that the unseen hand had three fingers in my pussy and was rubbing my clit, and I was going to cum.

Another couple came by and started to watch. I tried not to react to the fingers, but it was no use. The first woman told the new couple what was going on. Soon another couple came, and there were three women and three guys watching me get finger fucked by a stranger. All of the guys had hard-ons.

The first woman brushed the hair out of my face so they could see my expression. I tried to turn away, but they were on both sides of me. I looked up and saw them watching me, fascinated.

Two young guys, maybe 20 years old, were watching. They asked what was going on, and the others explained it. "Whoa!" One of the guys said. "I am so going to tap that!" They started at a dead run, racing to reach my pussy first. I realized they would feel me up or worse in a few minutes.

I felt the hand in my pussy withdraw, and someone started to lick me, and I started to tense up and convulse hard. Trying to hold it back with the long build-up made it more intense. I had a long, open-mouthed orgasm. I tried not to make much sound, but I was breathing hard and could feel my breasts swinging.

I was still cumming when I noticed Sarah watching from a distance away. Our eyes met. She watched me climax and smiled.

Two of the couples wandered off, and one of the women asked her boyfriend if he liked it.

The first couple stayed.

I felt someone enter and start fucking me with hard, fast strokes. It felt good. I felt my breasts swing back and forth and heard myself panting. I wondered if it was one of the young stoner guys. Did they have enough time to get back there? Was it someone else? The woman asked me if someone was fucking me in a whispered voice? I just nodded and grunted in response. I couldn't speak. I noticed that her boyfriend had a big tent in his pants.

The guy fucking me didn't last very long. I felt him climax, but it wasn't long before I felt someone else take his place. The new dick felt wider, but it slid right into my sloppy cunt. Like the first guy, he fucked me with fast, hard strokes, probably trying to finish before he got caught.

I wondered if the two guys took turns fucking me while the other was on the lookout?

I didn't see Sarah around anymore. She seemed to be happy I was getting laid.

The woman watching me was squeezing her boyfriend's dick through his pants. I watched her look around and, not seeing anyone, unzipped him and pulled out a very respectable dick. The head of his dick was slick with pre-cum. She told him the dinner had started, so they probably had a couple of minutes.

She held his dick up to my mouth and asked if I wanted some? I don't know why I did it, but I opened my mouth and let him stick it in. His dick felt warm in my mouth and tasted and smelled musky. I sucked on him while the unknown guy fucked me. I could taste his pre-cum.

"Don't you love her tits?" The woman asked her date as they both played with my breasts.

The woman jerked her date off into my mouth. I could tell she was in a hurry to finish before someone else came by. I felt the guy cum in my pussy, yet another dick took its place, and the guy in my mouth spewed cum all over my mouth and face. He came a lot. Some got in my mouth. The taste filled my head, but a lot got in my face and hair and dripped on the floor.

The guy sighed, and the woman smiled and thanked me as he zipped up. They walked away, leaving my face covered in cum. I felt the guy in my pussy finish.

I could feel cum dripping out of my pussy and face. I tried to lick what I could around my mouth, but there was a drop on my nose that I couldn't reach. I stared down at the floor and looked at the puddle of cum right under me. I knew anyone who saw me would know what I had been doing. I felt myself blush deep red.

An older couple came by and looked at me. The woman commented on what an edgy display it was and look, and the artist made it look like there was something on her cheek. I held still and hoped that they would walk away. While they were watching, I felt someone push their fingers deep into my pussy, then wipe them off on my thigh. I tensed up and startled the woman who didn't seem to realize I was real. Shocked, she wandered away.

After the dinner finished, it got busy again. Some people shot my picture, and there were lots of people who touched/fondled and debated if the cum dripping down my cheek was real. A couple of women confirmed it was by taste. I heard a few people come back from the other side and mention that there was cum dripping out of my pussy. They weren't sure if it was part of the art display, but the audience liked it.

I felt like a total slut. I just hoped that no one I knew saw me. The viewers looked down at my cum covered body with lust and condensation.

But I was still horny. No one else fucked me for a while, but I felt lots of touches and quick feels and fingers in my pussy and even deep in my ass. I tried not to react. People around my head touched me and felt my breasts like they wanted to see if they were real.

Finally, I felt another penis enter me. It started fucking me, and I concentrated on the feeling.

Then I saw my friends Laura and John walk in! I had known them forever, and I knew that John kind of liked me. Laura had a double take when she saw me and hesitantly walked over.

My head started to spin! I couldn't believe that someone I knew would see me this way. I thought about what they would tell people I knew.

"Is that you?" she asked, startled.

"Yeah," I answered reluctantly. I felt my face turn red.

"What are you doing?" She asked

"It's an art display. Weird, huh?"

"Oh my god! How did they get you to do this? I can't believe you are showing your tits like that! What if someone you know sees you? Why are you moving like that? Are you having sex?"

I didn't know how to answer her. I could feel my breasts sway back and forth with the guy's thrusts.

"It's for an art display." I tried to explain.

She put her hand to her mouth to suppress a giggle. I noticed that John had a big lump in his pants. His mouth was open like he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"Is your other end part of the display too?" Laura asked.

"Yeah. That way." I nodded in the direction of the entrance of the display. "Please don't tell anyone I know." I pleaded.

They left me embarrassed and worried about what they would tell our friends. The guy kept screwing me. He came, and another penis took its place. I wondered if John was one of the guy's fucking me or just watching other guys screw me. I knew I would never be able to look him in the eye.

I was terrified of what Laura would tell people, but I was still horny.

I saw Laura and John walk out the exit and come over to me.

"Wow! That is a very impressive display!" She told me, with a smile that seemed less than sincere. "John loved it, didn't you?" She nudged John.

I felt a new wave of heat cover my face. Suddenly I knew John had a turn with me. I couldn't look up.

"Doesn't she have nice tits?" She asked John. She reached down and felt one of my breasts, and John felt the other. "I can't wait to tell everyone!"

"Come on, I think you had enough!" she told John as she led him away.
