NAUGHTY LITTLE GIRLS OF THE TRAINING HOSTEL

Written by DER

Introduction

The Connor Hostel was well known in the district. Like most
Hostels, it was for the disciplinary training and education of
young girls. Some girls attended only in the summer. Others were
there all year long, in accordance to their parents' wishes, and
spent their entire schooling at such institutions. The Connor
Hostel however restricted attendance to girls from ten to
fourteen...regulation age of course. Madam Hinshar set these
rules, for the Hostel was hers, completely hers.

She did as she wished with no questions asked-being Owner,
Manager, and Head Disciplinarian. That she was also known to be a
lesbian sadist, with a pennant for young girls, set a reputation
at Connor Hostel. In fact, the entire staff was women of this
persuasion. All were hand picked by Madam Hinshar, and trained as
well in "procedures" at the Hostel.

More needs to be added at this point. Society now condoned these
institutions. They were not only accepted but were the norm. It
was now accepted that disciplinary training was required of all
children, particularly young schoolgirls. The pendulum of society
had swung in this direction; hard and very, very far. Parents
were not always willing or able to enact such training on a
day-to-day basis. Thus, there sprung up a large number of
"Training Hostels" for this purpose. They were of course complete
schools as well, but their reputed reputations were most noted
for their disciplinary training methods. Connor Hostel was by far
the strictest and had a long waiting list of parents who wished
their girls to attend. Madam Hinshar was very picky as to the
young girls she wished to "train". Only 49 currently attended.

Her pennant was for a particular type of trainee; diminutive,
slender, and very attractive. The type of young girl that one
might associate with being a gymnast. Personalities were a little
more varied. Her favorite were the "little cry baby" type and the
arrogant. The latter she loved to watch break down and the former
she loved the way they reacted to something that they could not
stand, but were forced to try anyway.

Me? Well, I'm John Fenner. I also work at the Hostel. If you can
call it, work! You see, I am the only male on the entire staff
and was also hand picked by Madam. I'm not gay, so I also like
girls and young naughty little girls in particular. We both agree
as to their training. However, corporal discipline can only be
taken so far and further steps were deemed necessary. Remember
that Madam's sadistic nature was refined to an art. Being striped
stark naked and whipped was bad enough, but to be forced to
remove your own scanty pair of little panties and be strapped in
my presence added to the training. That was not all. Another
layer was added that only I, a man, could administer. Madam
Hinshar sometimes loved to watch, as I would administer that last
form of discipline. On many other occasions, this special
discipline was administered in the privacy of my room with only a
naughty young girl and myself present. I was selected for my
talent, abilities and desires. Further details on this later, the
story now begins from the first few days of my employment.

