Angel:  

For this one listen to -  Heaven Must be Missing An Angel - Tavares


I hate flying, and it's not as if I'm an amateur at it. As an advertising executive for a firm that holds the American Sony and Yamaha accounts I have to fly a lot.
I've got at least 100,000 miles under my belt and every single flight it's the same thing for me. 

I sit, hands sweaty, gripping the armrests waiting for the darn plane to explode into a million pieces and me to end up falling, falling, falling endlessly, but I have to fly for my work.

So when I do fly like Mr. Bojanges says "I drinks a bit." Usually I pack back a couple of doubles into me in  the VIP lounge before boarding. That way if I'm real lucky I'll fall asleep soon into the flight.

But that evening I was not to be so lucky. 

However as with everything else in life, luck is relative.

The late evening flight out of Chicago bound for Tokyo was not even half filled with passengers.. Tokyo not being a popular tourist spot in midwinter. Icing on the runway and de-icing of the plane's wings had held up loading for an hour allowing me to put down an extra fill of liquid courage and it took all of my poise to not trip and fall on my face as I swayed my way to my seat.

The huge plane seemed mostly empty and I was hoping to have a three seat section all to myself but  was disappointed to find I had a  companion, a young Japanese women sitting in the aisle seat. She semi stood to let me by and I squeezed into the window seat. Where I  sat nervously peering out the little  window. Weird as it sounds  looking outside alleviates the fear somewhat.

Takeoff was the normal hold on tight and don't breath for five minutes or at least not until the pilot settles the plane into a gentle cruise and  I could start to relax a bit. 

A least that is the normal procedure.

I was just starting to look for the stewardess to order up a drink when the pilot's calm voice came over the intercom advising us  that we could expect some turbulence for the next  while and to keep our belts fastened.  He told us, snacks and drinks would be delayed until we passed over a weather front we were coming into. I guess they kept the interior lights dimmed to keep us nervous flyers calmed down. It didn't help much.

It was no weather front it was a goddamned hurricane. For the next half an hour the plane traveled a greater distance up and down than forward and although it was pitch black outside though the  window, brilliant flashes of lightning kept lighting up the plane's interior and stopping my pounding heart.

I never realized how caught up with panic I was until a soft hand descended on mine and the women beside me intertwined her strong fingers into mine. I looked over at her and she smiled sweetly in sympathy and leaned over offering  me a sip from small silver flask.  

Sip?  Hell!  I gulped and the taste of good old Jim Bean poured into my mouth and burned down my throat. 

I made no protest as she undid her seatbelt and moved over to sit close beside me. With her free hand she reached over to pull down the window blind,  somehow managed to get her and my seat to reline just a touch and then gentled my  head onto her chest and cuddled me.

Though the plunging, flashing, jolts and bumps of that flight from hell , she held me, whispering to me in soft Japanese, gentle words of encouragement. Some words she spoke I knew but not many and it mattered not, her peaceful voice was enough.

Her hand stroked my hair as eyes closed tightly, I clung to her soft bosom and tried to listen, only, to  the steady regular beating of her heart.
Slowly the panic and fear drained from  me and I became calm. 
As I relaxed, kinda sleepy from the booze and her warm body. My cheek remained pressed to her chest. In happiness, adjusting my head to snuggle deeper to her my movement caused her dress front to slip lower and a perky breast popped out  and pressed tight against my lips.

I guess we both knew it, her breathing stopped and she became absolutely still , as did I. 
Still that is until my tongue of it's own violation snaked out and licked her nipple.

Her gasp of shock over my head did not stop my lips from seeking out and drawing her hard perky nub of flesh between my lips. As I sucked her breast contentedly, her hand once again began to stroke my hair.

We remained that way for a precious time until the plane's interior light brightened up and she softly pushed me away from my tasty pacifier, adjusted her clothing and moved over to her aisle seat.

The plane was now past the storm front and the stewardesses were coming down the aisles pushing their carts.

I sat up and looked dreamily at my guardian angel who smiled back at me with a Mona Lisa smirk. We were offered supper but  both declined . I ordered up a couple of double bourbons for us and we sat  holding hands as the flight droned on though the night.

The stewardesses collected our glasses but not before I managed to get a couple more single shot bottles of Jim Bean. We were each given pillows and blankets and the stewardess told us that one of us could move and stretch out to sleep  on an empty row of seats if we wished but the girl looked at me and I shook my head no, so she did also. 
After a while the cabin lights dimmed once again and everyone settled down to catch some needed sleep during  the long flight overseas. Even the stewardesses were soon napping.

We sat sipping our drinks and smiling at one another and the tension between us could be cut with a knife. I looked over at her and she was watching me intently her smirky little smile had returned to her full lips and her oriental oval eyes twinkled at me.

She peeked around to make sure no one was near then slipped a blanket over her shoulders as a sort of shawl. Turning to me she ever so slowly pulled down the front of her dress until both her breasts were bare. Tilting back her seat she leaned back and waited for me to make the next move.     
My next move was a sharp nip of my Mr Bean then a headlong dive for those tiny hard nipples. 

My mouth, tongue, lips are in constant motion as I  suck softly, nip gently, suck hard , nip roughly, worry her soft  flesh, suckle at her hard flesh, lick, lave at her tasty smooth precious flesh.
Delightful hard little breasts with soft puffy nipples that fill my mouth, my slurping feast enough to wake the dead but lost in my pleasure , her pleasure, I care less who the frigg knows.
Her arms are locked behind my head pulling my lips closer to her , her sighs and moans express her delight. 

Suddenly she pushes me away upright and watching my face she raises up her body as she reaches a hand underneath her and down to her ankles. Pulling my mouth back to her chest her little hand now holds her panties and with them she caresses my face finally pressing them to my nose. I breath deeply as her delicate essence fills my senses and my tongue flicks out to lick the moist crotch of the tiny bit of lingerie. She adjusts her body and lifts a bare leg up and over my head to rest on my shoulder. Firmly she pushes my head down to her loins. Her hips, hands cradle my face. Her moist hot flower filled with  mysterious unknown flavors and sweet musky desire presses against my lips, grinds against my lips.

"Motto Hayaku, yoi!" -  Go faster, Yes!

Her passion gushes into my mouth as I feast on her creamy  fluids. Drawing her tiny clit and lips into my mouth I suckle and nip them with my teeth. Her heels beat on my back , her hands press me tightly to her until her hips buckle and she humps her crotch hard on my open mouth and comes in a flood of new flavors and whimpers of delight. 

I rest waiting, softly running my tongue up and down her leaking slit.

A new voice above us makes me start to sit up but my new friends powerful hand holds my head in it's place.

"Dame-yo!"  - you shouldn't do that!

"Watashitachi dake ni shite yo!" - leave us alone!

"Yabai." - it's risky!

"Shitte imasu!"

The hand on my head nudges me and I relax and forgetting about our audience once again set my tongue moving in her slippery folds.

"ARE! Sugoi!" - Oh my! awesome!

"Sorewa iidesu ne! Muko-ni itte-yo" - Oh that's good! Go away! Get lost! 

In a dream the plane flies on as do we in our mutual pursuit of orgasmic thrills. Her whimpers  mana to my ears, her spendings fuel my need to please her.
Finally she has had enough and carefully pushes me away.

Taking my wet face between her hands she leans forward and kisses me deeply.

"Arigatou.  Totemo kansha shite imasu. Anata to iruto totemo tanoshii. Mou osoi node watashi wa kaeri masu.  " -  ThankYou, . I am very grateful. You are a lot of fun to be with but It's getting late, I must be going now.


Blanket over her shoulder my new friend stands up adjusts her dress and wanders off somewhere into the back of the plane. I lean over to see where she went and my hand comes to rest on her warm panties which she has left on the seat. I raise them to my nose and breath deeply of her. Missing her already.

Our stewardess appears in the aisle beside me.

Ohisa, O-negai ga aru no desuga?  - Hello again, may I sit here?

Confused I nod yes and she smiles. I watch in stunned silence as she looks around then reaches under her uniform skirt and pulls down her pantyhose and panties. Leaving then to dangle on one leg. Sitting down in the vacant seat she swings her feet up on the seat between us and opens her legs revealing a small but very hairy and wide  open pussy to my eyes.

"Do you speak Japanese?" she asks me in English.

"Only a very little ." I answer.

"That's okay I speak good English. I have to start the tea soon as some of the other passengers will be waking up.My boss is covering for me but you have to be quick. Lick me now. Fast Please. The other girls want some too"

What could I do, I didn't want to get her in trouble and besides, it was the only time in my life that I was enjoying a flight. After all!  Who'd ever thought I'd end up a real slut for flying!

As I snuggled my nose into her tasty little  grotto my first friend appears in a stewardess uniform smiling her pretty Mona Lisa smile and holding a camera.

"Shashin wo tottemo iidesu ka?"   - Can I take pictures?




SafeWord

Copywrit.2008


Author's note: There's a lot of really bad Japanese here used really badly, but then again, I got most of the phrases from websites that specialize in "BAD" Japanese sayings, and it goes well with my really bad writing. So it's all to be expected I guess.
 
 
