THE TROUBLE WITH BABYSITTING

BY THOM

My friend Marsha and I hadn't thought for even a minute that we
were into girls. But we had just turned 10 recently so we hadn't
thought much at all about what we might be in to. Boys at that
age are so strange that we mostly went out of our way to avoid
them. We did have a crush on teen age boys that we saw in movies
but none of the boys who lived around us were any where near
cool.

What we were in to though was becoming older so that we could
become independent from our embarrassing parents. I thought that
if I spent even another whole minute with them, especially in
public, I would probably die. We thought that money was the key
to being independent and Marsha and I completed a baby sitting
certificate course so that we could get baby sitting jobs.

The course was really easy. They taught you how to change a
diaper and hold a little baby and when to call 911 if the baby
stopped breathing or had drowned in the bath tub because you were
stupid and left it there by itself. Those are the things that
mothers expect if you are alone with their precious children.

Anyway, after the class, Marsha and I posted our names and phone
numbers all around the neighborhood where young mothers might be;
like the day care center and grocery store and pretty quickly we
got a bite. This woman calls me and says she is Mrs. Windsor and
she would like a baby sitter. Well, don't you know I'm thrilled
and I say great I'll be there at such and such and that there
will be two of us but we won't charge you any more for two than
we would for one. We just like to work together.

When we turn up for the job, we find that Mrs. Windsor is pretty
far out there. She's dressed like a guy and has really short,
spiky hair. I think maybe it's a strange color like you see the
punk kids wear but I'm not totally sure because it's kind of way
too dark in her house. I can see that she has a bunch of tattoos
though on whatever skin I can see on her arms and ankles.

We don't dwell on her too much though because it's the kid we are
the most concerned about but she turns out to be lovely. In fact,
in contrast to the mother, she is just this really cute, normal
looking, blond, curly haired little two year old kid named Molly.
She has been fed. She is already in her pajamas. All she needs is
a bed time story says her weirdo mother and then she will be out
like a light. We couldn't have asked for anything more.

So, Mom is gone, kid is in bed, sawing zzz's and we're not sure
what to do next. My friend Marsha suggests that we should poke
around in closets and drawers and stuff and look for weird stuff
that Mrs. Windsor might have. Marsha says she once found a book
about how a man and a woman have sex and make babies when she was
staying with her cousin and her cousin's parents weren't at home.
She says they had the best laugh about it. So, for the fun of it,
we started poking around.

We decide to start in Mom's bedroom because she was so far out
there that we thought she would have all kinds of neat stuff in
her room that we would like to paw through. It turns out we were
pretty much right about that. We started in her closet and found
a bunch of strange kind of clothes for a woman. That is they were
mostly guy-looking clothes. It was obvious to us that Mrs.
Windsor was more into being a guy than a girl.

We next poked into her dresser drawers and we were surprised that
we didn't find guy undies. In stead, we found really, really sexy
girl panties and bras and teddies and stuff like that. And we
found hose and garter belts there too, not one pair of panty hose
so if she wore hose it must have always been with garter belts. I
was beginning to feel a bit of a tingle between my legs feeling
her underwear especially the see through teddies and the hose and
garter belts. It was hard for us to imagine Mrs. Windsor in this
sexy stuff under her guy clothes.

There was another bedroom in the house that wasn't the little
kid's room and not Mrs. Windsor's room so we went there next.
Well, I have to tell you that if we were surprised about the
stuff we found in Mrs. Windsor's bedroom, we were flabbergasted
by what we found in this other room.

First of all the furniture in there was kind of strange. There
were a couple of really heavy wooden chairs with stocky legs and
arms and thick backs. There was a bed of similar material that
had a head board and a foot board with a bare mattress on it, no
pillows or blankets or anything that would make it so you could
sleep on it. All of the furniture was really marked up like it
had had really hard use of some kind. Finally, one wall of the
room was virtually covered with a mirror so that you could see
yourself no matter where you were even on the bed.

The room had hooks in the ceiling in various spots, some over the
bed and some not over the bed and there were some hooks on one of
the walls about three quarters of the way from the floor to the
ceiling. At the time we thought this was all strange but we
didn't make any connections to anything. We just thought this was
all some more of Mrs. Windsor's weirdness.

Since there wasn't anything else to explore in the room except
for the closet, we went directly to it. Well, the closet was the
most amazing place and it fully defined our lives for the next
few weeks and our relationship with Mrs. Windsor and her little
kid.

I hope you don't think I'm wasting your time by going through an
item by item inventory of what we found in there but before I go
on with this story, I need to give you the bigger picture and
then I can go into the details of how Marsha and I and Mrs.
Windsor and the little kid all got involved with all of the stuff
Marsha and I found in that closet and the weird furniture and the
hooks all over the place that were in that room.

The first thing we encountered were the boots and not far away
from them were the gloves. Both were made of the most exquisite
leather that Marsha and I had ever touched. The gloves were long.
When you put them on, they went beyond your wrists as normal
gloves do and reached up your forearm. The boots were calf length
and had these amazingly high-spiked heels. I mean they must have
been six- or eight-inch spiked heels. When I first saw them, I
couldn't imagine how anyone would walk in them. When I put them
on way later in this story and did walk in them, it wasn't as
hard as I thought it was going to be when I saw them this first
night.

There were two other things in the closet, a bureau and a book
case. The book case seemed to have a bunch of magazines stacked
on it so we went for the bureau. It had four drawers in it. We
went from top to bottom. The first drawer had more hose and
garter belts in it. But these were different than what we found
in the other bedroom. The garter belts were all made of the same
kind of leather that the boots and gloves were made of. The hose
were all black, mostly of the mesh variety but some sheer.

The second drawer had whips and switches and bridle crops in it.
There must have been two dozen items of a variety of sizes.

The third drawer contained metal handcuffs and leather wrist and
ankle cuffs and ropes and chains. All things that you might use
to make people helpless if you didn't want them moving about too
much. The hooks in the wall and ceiling made a little more sense
after finding this stuff.

The fourth drawer had a variety of plastic things that mostly
resembled guys' dicks. Most of them were attached to pants or
belts so that you could wear them and apparently pretend you were
a guy and had a hard on. Some of the plastic dicks didn't have
pants or belts and some of them had two heads like maybe they
could go two places at the same time.

As we went from drawer to drawer we got a sample of each of the
things out and lay them on the bed so that we could examine them
and try to figure out what was going on here. Then we decided to
go for the magazines. Wouldn't you know, they were the secret to
everything? The magazines had pictures in them that demonstrated
all of the items that we had laid out on the bed from the other
drawers.

To begin with, all of the people in the pictures were women. Some
women seemed to be in dominating positions over other women who
were in subservient positions. Mostly the women in subservient
positions were either tied up in one way or another or they were
kneeling or leaning over something with their bums in the air or
lying on their backs with another woman squatting over their face
or maybe sticking one of the plastic things in one of their
holes.

Well by this time, Marsha and I are really turned on by all of
the sex we've experienced and all of the sexy stuff we've seen
and handled and we've started to push our hands into the crotch
of our jeans that we are wearing trying to get some relief from
it. I can't remember which of us suggested it but we were soon
naked, sitting on the bed with all of this stuff around us and
pouring through the magazines looking at one amazing scene after
another of women doing things to other women that aroused us to
no end.

We both lay back on the bed with the bare mattress, picking a
magazine or two that interested us and pounded our pussies with
our hands until we had come several times and were feeling a bit
of relief. But not enough to put it all away and go make pop corn
and watch TV.

I know it was Marsha that made the next suggestion. She said she
wanted to try some of things that she saw in the magazines and
she wondered if I wanted to too or would at least play along. She
said she wanted to put on the boots and gloves and hose and
garter belts and see how it felt. And probably do some more
jigging off. She also said she might like to try some of the
restraints and maybe the whips.

Oh, my, I was thinking. This was all quite a bit for me to absorb
since we had just come into it all but I was certainly game. By
some miraculous turn of events, I was more inclined to be the
other player in the magazine pictures, the one doing the spanking
or the stuff that the women were doing with the plastic dicks to
the women who were tied up or tied down.

We quickly went for the gear in front of us. We both put on a
pair of hose and the leather garter belts to hold the hose up.
Then we put a pair of boots on and a pair of gloves. We paraded
in our outfits in front of the mirrored wall and I think we
looked very sexy in them even with our little-girl bodies without
any titties and our hairless, little-girl cunnies.

It wasn't long before we were both ready to touch ourselves again
particularly with the leather gloves on and when we did it felt
really nice. At first we were masturbating ourselves with the
gloves but before long we had reached over and were using the
gloves on each other.

I was beginning to worry about the time and suggested that we
better put all of this stuff away before we get caught by Mrs.
Windsor. Marsha though begged me to use some of the restraints on
her and one of the whips or riding crops before we put it away.

I have to say that I wasn't opposed to this suggestion and that
in fact it excited me a great deal, I was just kind of worried
about being caught. But my arousal out distanced my worry and I
grabbed some leather cuffs for her wrists and her ankles and told
Marsha to kneel down next to the bed. I secured her in the cuffs
and grabbed a riding crop and began to slap her bare bottom with
it. Marsha immediately said I was way too wimpy with the spanking
and that I should hit her harder. I was being turned on beyond
belief by spanking her and seeing her bound helpless so I was
more than happy to intensify the strength it. A couple more
whacks at a more intense level and Marsha was crying and begging
me to stop.

I did stop of course because I was really concerned about being
caught by Mrs. Windsor with all of her stuff out and Marsha and I
dressed in it. We were just barely able to get it all put away
and get out of the extra bedroom when we heard Mrs. Windsor
coming in the front door. Panting a bit, we were sitting on the
sofa when she made it to the living room.

"What, no television girls? What have you been doing with
yourselves all of the time I've been at out?"

"Oh, mostly homework," we lied. "We had a bunch tonight."

"Ah, well that's good use of your time. My daughter was
cooperative, I assume and stayed asleep after you put her down?"

"Oh, yes," we said, "she was great. We'd be happy to stay with
her again if you ever need a babysitter," I said in hopes that
she would invite us back.

"I'd like that too," she said. "How does Friday night sound day
after tomorrow?"

"Perfect for us," I said. "We'll see you then."

******

Marsha and I arrived early for our Friday night babysitting gig
at Mrs. Windsor's watching out for her two-year-old daughter,
Molly. After what we had discovered the first night we babysat
for Molly, we were really anxious to get Molly to bed and Mrs.
Windsor out of the house for as long as possible so that we could
go back to the magazines and all of the nifty clothes and toys we
found there.

"Hi girls," Mrs. Windsor greeted us at the door. "You're early
but I'm nearly ready to go. I'll just be a minute."

Much to our amazement, Mrs. Windsor had a bath robe on that was
mostly open at the front. Underneath it she was in her underwear.
A fancy bra and panties, one of the leather garter belts and
thigh high hose. Her body was really great looking, all tight and
buff. Her breasts were small and firm. Her tummy was flat as a
board. She had great legs, looking even better in the hose. I
think it was the first time I ever felt my pussy gush. I had
heard my friends talk about it but I didn't understand it until
that moment.

We followed her into the house and went looking for Molly. The
next time we saw Mrs. Windsor, she was dressed like a man again
in a work shirt and a pair of jeans. I was dying to ask her why
she covered up that great body with those clothes and why she
hadn't thrown on a slinky, short, black skirt and a funky,
skimpy, blouse, some spiky high heels that would show off her
great legs but I didn't have the courage.

Molly already had her PJs on and after her mom said good night
and told us when she expected to return, we read a story to Molly
and she was soon asleep. Marsha and I scampered to the spare room
with eager anticipation though no real plan about how we would
proceed to explore this dark, arousing life style that we had
stumbled on to.

We immediately got out all of the gear that we had out the night
before and laid it on the bed. Then we pulled out the magazines
again to study them to see what we could learn. Marsha went
straight for the ones where women were doing each other with the
plastic dicks and she suggested that we try them. Typically, one
of the women in the pictures was wearing the thing and sticking
it into one hole or the other of the other woman.

Sometimes the woman getting it would be on her knees, sometimes
tied up and sometimes not, sucking on the plastic dick. I sort of
wondered what the point of that was because it didn't seem to me
that either one of them would actually be getting any pleasure
out of that. Marsha disagreed. She said it had to do with the
submissiveness of the act. That sucking on a dick from that
position or tied up was being put down and that it was enjoyable
to some people. That she was beginning to believe it was to her.

At other times, the women would be putting the dicks into the
pussies or in the back holes of the other women. This sort of
made sense to me because they were getting loved up like a guy
would love up a woman.

All in all the pictures were so sexy that we soon decided to get
undressed and to try some new things for ourselves. We put on the
outfits we had tried on the other night, hose and garter belts,
leather boots and gloves. We paraded in front of the mirror again
and again. We got really hot seeing ourselves in those clothes
with our little girl mounds and our little titty nubs showing and
we were soon jigging ourselves off with our leather gloves. When
we got a bit of relief by doing ourselves, we did each other.

Marsha said she wanted me to wear one of the plastic dicks and
use it on her, trying to see if it would go into all of her
holes. I was pretty uncertain about how this might work out
because the dicks looked so large and Marsha's holes looked
pretty small to me but I didn't want to disappoint my friend who
seemed to be getting more excited about this stuff than me. I
found the smallest dick I could that was attached to a harness
that would fit me and strapped it on.

Marsha got down on her knees and I sidled up to her face and she
willingly accepted my dick in her mouth. I thrust my hips back
and forth like I was fucking her mouth and she bobbed her head in
synch. She reported that it made her pussy tingle to do that but
wanted to get to the other holes as soon as we could. I was
watching her in the mirror while I was rocking my hips, fucking
her mouth with my dick and I noticed she was playing with herself
while I was doing it.

She got up and lie down on the bed and spread her legs wide apart
and said I should try to get the dick into her pussy. I asked her
if her mom had ever talked to her about virginity and whether she
knew if she still had the little piece of skin that covered her
hole and would break when she fucked a guy. I said this is going
to be like being fucked by a guy.

I knew that mine was already gone or that really it was never
really there. Marsha said that hers wasn't there either. She had
fallen as a little kid and landed on hard or her cunny and had
bled out of it. She remembered thinking she was going to lose all
of her blood out her pussy and die but her mother had told her it
was nothing and it would make her wedding night easier to take.

I climbed up between her legs and held the dick in my hands and
tried to guide it into Marsha's slit. She helped out by spreading
her lips a bit and took the end of the dick and stuck it in. I
kneeled over her and pushed it in and out of her like I was a guy
fucking her. I had watched a movie of a guy fucking a girl that
my dad thought he had hidden so that no one could find it but he
was stupid and put it the same place my parents hide Christmas
presents. While I was watching it, I imagined him watching it and
pulling on his own real dick as I had seen guys do in the movie.
That thought made me hornier than watching the guy fuck the girl
but I remembered how it was done anyway.

Marsha kind of sucked air when I stuck the dick in her but as I
got caught up in the rocking and the rhythm of it, she did too
and I think her breath quickened. Before I knew it, she was
actually beginning to come from my fucking her but she was
helping out by rubbing her sweet spot with her hand. All of this
got me going too but in the position I was in, I couldn't touch
myself and do her too so I had to put it off for a bit.

After Marsha came and said we should move on to the next hole,
she wanted to have her hands tied behind her back and lay over
the edge of the bed while I pushed my dick into her rose bud. I
liked the idea of this position because I thought I would be able
to jig myself while I was pushing my dick into her. What I was
concerned about was how we were going to get the dick into her
little back hole. Had I seen a tube of something in the closet? I
ran over and sure enough there was a tube of greasy, clear stuff
that I bet was designed for making it easier to put these dicks
into places that were small.

Marsha bent over the edge of the bed and I bound her hands behind
her back and greased up my dick. I also greased up my fingers and
started out by sticking one into her back hole to get things
started. We had seen pictures of this in the magazine. In fact,
we had seen the women kissing and licking this hole first and
then sticking fingers into it and then the plastic dicks but I
wasn't up to kissing Marsha's rose bud just yet.

I first put one greased finger in and then I ventured two of
them. It was a stretch and I couldn't imagine how I was going to
get my dick into her but I didn't want to disappoint my friend so
I started to go for it. I put the head of my dick up against her
rose bud and slowly began to push it in. Marsha started to make
sounds like she was enjoying my doing that though I was imagining
it was hurting her to be taking the dick in her bum. She asked me
if I wouldn't spank her, please, while I was pushing it in and
once I got it in, would I fuck her like I had in her cunny.

Once I had gotten the dick in as far as I dared push it and was
rocking back and forth, I gave her a few slaps on her ass cheeks.
I might have given her more but I was totally beside myself by
this time and had to touch myself. I got working on my cunny with
my hand while I was rocking my hips and fucking my friend in her
ass with my dick. Marsha was enjoying it too but I felt bad that
she couldn't get to herself because her hands were tied.

In a little bit, she began to beg me to get her off so I pulled
my dick out of her ass and helped her turn over. Without really
thinking about how I was going to make her feel better, I got
down on my knees and pushed my mouth into her sex, looking for
her spot with my tongue that I knew would relieve the ache
between her legs. Once I found it, I licked and sucked hard on it
and pretty soon Marsha was making all kinds of noises and coming
again into my face. I was still pushing on my lips at the top of
my sex and I got off too.

As odd as our behavior was getting to this point, I was really
falling for Marsha in a way that was different than our
friendship had been up to this point and I was rally hoping that
she was feeling the same way. In fact, I was thinking that I
wouldn't mind at all using my mouth on Marsha's cunny the next
time we were together away from all of these toys.

Apparently, we had been making quite a bit of noise because who
should turn up at the door but Molly. I guess we must have woken
her up. "I'm going to tell my mommy that you are using all of her
stuff," Molly said and Marsha and I caught our breath.

"Gees, we weren't hurting anything Molly. We'll do anything you
like if you will keep this a secret. How about some candy or some
hot chocolate," I offered figuring that something sweet would buy
her off, at least long enough for us to get out of the house. I
just didn't want to get confronted while we were still here and
maybe not get paid.

"If you let me practice on the two of you, I won't tell my mommy
about what I saw you doing."

"Practice, practice what?"

"Practice being a dom of course. Mommy is teaching me to be like
her and do things to girls that like to be treated a certain way.
That's what my mommy does, she's a dom to other girls that like
it."

I was getting dizzy with what I was hearing Molly say. Marsha was
still lying on her back over the bed with her hands tied behind
her back basking in the orgasm that I had just given her with my
mouth and giggling over what Molly was saying.

"Ok, I said. What would you have us do?" Sort of thinking what
could this kid actually know how to do? How bad could it be? We
would just let this kid do her little thing and then we would get
her off to bed with a promise that she wouldn't say anything to
her mom.

"Both of you should lie on your stomach on the bed with your legs
hanging over and I'll be right back. If you aren't in that
position when I return, it will be harder on you."

Gees, this kid was really getting cheeky but I wasn't about to
not do as she asked so that we didn't get tattled on. I turned
Marsha over since she still had her hands tied behind her back
and then I got myself in the same position and waited for our
little friend to return.

I was watching the door to the room in the mirror on the wall and
when I saw her come back in, it took my breath away. She was
wearing the most amazing little costume. She was naked except for
a three inch leather belt around her waist and miniature leather
boots and gloves, just like the ones we were wearing. Her nipples
were just like little freckles on her flat chest and her little
girl mound was the cutest little puffy thing you have ever seen.

Molly told me to put my hands together and before I knew it, she
had secured them with a pair of hand cuffs. It was at that point
that my mood got a bit somber. I didn't remember anything from
our babysitting course that would help me in this situation
except I did remember that you weren't supposed to lose control
to the kid you were sitting.

Molly picked up a riding crop off of the bed where we had put
stuff from the closet and alternately gave Marsha and I a whack
with it on our backsides from our thighs up to our backs with
most of the emphasis on our bums. It didn't really hurt, she
hardly had the strength to do any harm, and it just kind of stung
for a bit.

Except for the fact that I was kind of helpless to get control of
the babysitting situation and hoped that there was a positive
turn of events in the next little bit, I was beginning to enjoy
the bondage and the spanking and I could see what Marsha liked
about it. In fact we were whispering that this scene was really
turning us on and we were trying to figure out how we could get
Molly to rub our cunnys so that we could get rid of the ache.

We were kissing one another and trying to hump the bed the best
we could. I told Marsha that I loved her and that when we were
alone again I wanted to talk to her about doing things together
without all of this stuff. She said she felt the same way and
would like to talk too.

"Hey, Molly," I thought I remembered seeing a battery operated
plastic dick in the closet. "Do you think you might find the
thing in the closet that vibrates and touch our cunnys with it?
We need to rub our cunnys here and can't get at them."

"The dom is supposed to decide what happens and that's me. Mommy
says whatever the subbie asks for, you never give them. You give
them something else instead."

"Right, but we're your babysitters here," I said getting really
tough, "and we are just going to get up and leave you alone here
unless you give us some consideration." It had just occurred to
me that I could undo Marsha's leather wrist straps from behind my
back and then she could overpower Molly for the key to the
handcuffs and we would be back in charge. But that would be plan
B if my request wasn't honored. In the meantime we might as well
enjoy the moment.

"OK, I'll get it."

"Good girl or is it Mistress Molly?"

"Mommy says we're going to be a team when I get a little older
and then I won't need a babysitter because we will work
together."

I just imagined what a team they would make if you liked to be
dominated.

Imagine one of the domitrix being a three year old. Bless her,
she came back with the battery operated dick and asked me where
she should put it. Both Marsha and I spread our legs a bit and
said right under us and until we said to stop.

Molly started on Marsha and she came a couple of time real quick.
Then she moved on to me and I was just coming the first time when
we heard another voice in the room.

"Molly, isn't it way past your bedtime and what have you done
with the babysitters?"

It was Mrs. Windsor and hearing her voice took all of the fun out
of the orgasm I had just finished.

"They were into all of your stuff so I thought I should practice
being a dom on them. They just wanted me to use this on them
after I spanked them."

"Oh, they did did they? And what were you two doing snooping in
my closet?"

"Well, we were just looking around and we found this stuff and it
turned us on so we thought we'd try some of it out and then Molly
caught us" I didn't know if that tactic would work or we were
cooked and Mrs. Windsor would report us to our moms, but really,
what was she going to say, anyway? I was thinking that we just
had to talk our way out of the house and this would all go away.

While I was trying to twist my head around and talk to Mrs.
Windsor though, she was undressing from her man looking clothes
and uncovering the really sexy underwear that we had seen her in
at the beginning of the evening. At the end though she also took
off her bra and slipped out of her panties and then went to the
closet and put on a pair of boots and gloves. She was now
dressed, or mostly undressed as the case might be, like Marsha
and I and even Molly.

Mrs. Windsor examined the stuff on the bed and realized that we
had used one of the plastic dicks. She wondered who had fucked
who and I told her that Marsha had wanted to have it in all of
her holes. Mrs. Windsor said I shouldn't be left out and should
experience the same thing and that she would personally catch me
up while Marsha and Molly watched her technique.

Not that I really had any choice but I was getting excited about
the prospect of Mrs. Windsor doing to me what I had done to
Marsha and even the thought of Marsha and Molly watching me was
exciting. The first thing Mrs. Windsor did was to stand Marsha up
and lead her over to the wall. Undoing her hands from her back,
she secured them again in front of her and tied a long rope to
her wrist restraint. Standing on the chair, Mrs. Windsor looped
the rope through a hook in the ceiling and pulled Marsha's arms
up above her head and secured the rope to the heavy chair. She
then took some ankle cuffs and secured Marsha's legs. Little dom
Molly took the opportunity of Marsha' s helplessness to give her
a few whacks with the riding crop.

Then it was my turn. Mrs. Windsor undid my cuffs as well and
reattached my wrists to the head board of the bed above my head.
Placing an ankle cuff on each of my legs, instead of hooking them
together, she put a long rope in each of them and pulled my legs
up and apart by putting the ropes through hooks in the ceiling.
My bum was pulled off of the bed just a bit, presenting both of
my bottom holes upwards.

I got so incredibly aroused being in this position and watching
Mrs. Windsor put on one of the plastic dicks and watching Marsha,
tied up helplessly watching me with envy in her eye and seeing
little dom Molly whacking Marsha with the riding crop and
studying her mother's technique. I just knew I was going to come
a million times in the next few minutes if I could just get my
pussy touched. The anticipation was just building and building.

Mrs. Windsor started with my mouth just as I had done with
Marsha. She squatted over me and pushed her dick into my mouth
and thrust it back and forth a bit. Then she took it out and
moved down to my middle. With my legs spread so far apart by the
ropes, she was able to get a good view of what was going on
inside my sex lips. She took three fingers of her hand and
slipped them into her own pussy, making them wet and pushed them
into mine. I was plenty wet to begin with and she smiled when she
realized that I was soaking myself. She removed her hand and
brought it to her nose, inhaling both of our scents, commingling
on her fingers.

Positioning herself over me, she entered me with her dick and
began to thrust. It felt awesome having it there and the dick
that she had picked had a bit of a nub at the top of it that
perfectly lined up with my sweet spot so as she thrust in, it
touched me perfectly and I was soon on the verge of coming.
Sensing this, Mrs. Windsor pulled out of me and grabbed my cunny
with her gloved hand, putting a finger in my vagina and her thumb
on my clit and manipulated it roughly, causing me to start wave
after wave of orgasms.

I was panting, catching my breath but Mrs. Windsor had one more
place to visit before she was finished with her dick. Lubricating
it just as I had done with Marsha, she eased it into my exposed
rose bud and the experience was such an odd sensation of pleasure
and pain that I came again from it even without my clit being
touched.

As I was catching my breath from all of this, I realized I had to
pee and it was getting kind of urgent. I announced this to no one
in particular and Mrs. Windsor responded

"Oh, terrific. So do I. How about you two?" she asked tied up
Marsha and little dom Molly.

"Yes," they both said.

"There's been something that I have wanted to teach Molly about
being a dom but I haven't had the chance. You two stumbling into
my stuff has provided a great teaching moment for her."

Mrs. Windsor quickly untied both of us and told us to take off
all of the gear we had on so that we were bare assed naked and
led us into the bath room. She asked Marsha and I who could hold
our pee a bit, and I said I could.

"Okay, then you sit in the bottom of the tub first," she told me.
She had Marsha get into the tub after me and showed her how to
squat over my face and then told her to let loose of her pee.
Mrs. Windsor told me to try to see how much I could catch in my
mouth and swallow, saying that it wouldn't hurt me a bit.

I liked it a lot and I thought it was the perfect end to the
scene that I had just experienced. Marsha got to have most of the
fun with this stuff though because then she switched places with
me and first me and then Molly and then Mrs. Windsor all peed on
her face and her tits and her cunny.

Mrs. Windsor told us there was one more thing we had to perform
before we were done for the evening but she let us run through
the shower first to wash the pee off. After we had dried, we went
back into the spare room and she said that Marsha and I had to
get her and Molly off. Marsha was to lie on her back on the bed
and little dom Molly was going to squat on her face. I was to
kneel and Mrs. Windsor would push her sex into my mouth and I
would do her that way.

I was glad that I had my hands free for this so that I could frig
myself while I licked Mrs. Windsor's sex. Marsha later said that
she played with herself too as Molly humped her little girl slit
on Marsha's mouth. As I was doing Mrs. Windsor, I tried to catch
a glimpse in the mirror of Molly riding Marsha's face like a
pony. I think maybe we all four came at about the same time.

I was really smitten by both Mrs. Windsor and little Molly and,
of course, Marsha too who I couldn't wait to have over for a
sleepover as soon as I could arrange it. I was hoping that we
could all continue to get to know one another and that this
wouldn't be our last time together. I wanted to learn more about
Mrs. Windsor and her being a dom and what she was teaching little
Molly to do.

When we had all gotten sort of dressed again and back to kind of
normal, Mrs. Windsor offered to pay us for the babysitting and
wondered if we would be interested in doing it again. I spoke up
and refused any money saying that we had let the babysitting get
out of control but that we would be happy to sit again,
especially if she were going to be home or be willing to play
with us after she got home.

"Great, how about next Friday night then?" she said.

******

Marsha and I couldn't contain ourselves for an entire week
waiting for Friday to come so that we could baby sit again for
Mrs. Windsor and Molly and so we didn't. We got together twice
during the week at Marsha's house when school let out because her
parents weren't home from work until after 6.

It wasn't exactly the same thing as being at Mrs. Windsor's
though. We didn't have any of the neat stockings and garter belts
and leather boots and gloves or the strapons and other sex toys
that she had. We had to improvise with what we had. And besides
it was going to be a whole lot better with dom Molly and Mrs.
Windsor. They were more experienced and would be able to show us
stuff we didn't know.

But Marsha knew that she wanted to be tied up really tightly and
experience some pain so that her sexual arousal would reach its
peak and she wouldn't be able to get off until she was completely
crazed and begging me to frig her. Just hearing her talk about it
made me want to touch myself. I couldn't wait to get started but
I wasn't sure where exactly to start.

Marsha suggested that the basement was about as disgusting a
place as she could imagine and that it would be suitable for
finding things to tie her up, hit her with and might even have
something we could use as a fake dick in case I wanted to fuck
her that way. I had gotten kind of into the strapon business as a
way of fucking my friend but I didn't mind using my hand either
or even my mouth. Having my mouth on Mrs. Windsor's pussy the
last time we were over there was still on my mind. I was
wondering why I hadn't gotten into this girl stuff before now.
Though the bondage and the discipline was making it even more
appealing to me.

We went down into the basement to see what we could cobble
together. Marsha was right, it was disgusting. I think her
parents must have just thrown shit down there and forgotten about
the place. They had a washer and dryer in a bathroom on the
second floor, so there wasn't any reason to go to the basement at
all. We found pieces of rope which would work for the binding and
some paint stirrers that would make great paddles to spank with.
We found some old leather garden gloves that would help make up
for the long leather gloves that we wore at Mrs. Windsor's. There
were some old soda bottles that we decided to use as dildos since
Marsha really wanted to be fucked by something hard in both of
her bottom holes. I told her to go wash them in the sink and find
something to lubricate them with like the stuff we had found at
Mrs. Windsor's while I got things ready down stairs.

While she was gone, I managed to get some ropes over the floor
joists in the basement and had them dangling down, waiting for
Marsha. I had found a black clothe bag that I thought would make
a good hood for Marsha that would prevent her from seeing what I
was up to and I imagined would just heighten the torment and thus
her arousal.

Marsha came down stairs with a couple of clean soda bottles, some
lubricating jelly and bless her, two pair of very high heel shoes
for she and I to wear with just thin straps to hold them on. She
started to strip off her clothes as soon as she saw the ropes
coming down from the ceiling. I followed suit and admonished her
not to touch herself even though we were both getting really
turned on by the scene we were creating.

We both put on our leather gloves and I secured her wrists
together in front of her with a small piece of rope and then
pulled her hands up above her head, really tightly with one of
the ropes hanging down from the ceiling. It had the effect of
raising her off the floor so that only the balls of her feet were
touching. She was completely stretched out. Her rib cage was
showing and her stomach was pulled in. I next dropped the hood
over her head and I could hear her panting inside of it in
anticipation. I wondered if she might not come just thinking
about what was about to happen next.

I put some more ropes around her. One at her elbows above her
head, one at her knees and one at her ankles so that she was
bound up like a sausage. I desperately wanted to be able to tie
one of those ropes around her waist and between her legs like we
had seen in the magazines at Mrs. Windsor's but I couldn't figure
out how to do it. Lastly, I put on my high heel shoes and I
clicked around on the basement floor with them. I thought how
much I would like to see what all of this looked like and I
spotted a full length mirror abandoned in the corner. I retrieved
it and propped it up against a support pole that was near by. I
could see myself, naked in my very, high heel shoes and Marsha
dangling from the ceiling, naked with a black hood over her head.

It was really arousing watching this in the mirror and I touched
myself with my gloved hand. The glove was really rough and all
bumpy and dirty from being used. It hurt to rub myself but felt
exquisite at the same time. I tried it on Marsha and she moaned
loudly in pleasure. I then danced around her the best I could
with a paint stirrer in each hand and randomly whacked her here
and there. Because of the hood, she couldn't tell where I was
going to hit her next.

Pretty soon she was begging me to make her come and I knew I had
to make myself come pretty soon too or I was going to jump out of
my skin. I dropped the paddles and took off Marsha's hood so she
could watch. I took one gloved hand and touched myself with it
and her with the other and pulled roughly on our cunnies. Marsha
twisted around so she could see herself and I in the mirror as I
got us both off several times. We could have kept at it for quite
awhile, we were feeling so hot but I was anxious to get on to the
next scene where Marsha would be doing me with her mouth.

I undid her bonds from her legs and the ceiling but left her
hands tied together in front of her and led her over to a weight
bench that her parents had. I laid her on her back on the bench
and tied her hands above her head to the weight bar that was
resting there. It had 25 pounds on each end of it so she wasn't
going anywhere. I took a length of rope and tied her to the bench
at her waist so she wouldn't slip off for this next part. I took
two longer lengths of rope and tied them to her ankles and pulled
her legs up and apart, attaching the ropes to the basement
ceiling. With a little bit of pull, I was able to raise her
bottom off of the bench just a bit, exposing both holes very
nicely.

Marsha was moaning in delight about being in this position and
begging me to touch her pussy. I too was thinking it was quite a
site and I was able to give myself a little more rough hand work
with the garden glove. I was going to make Marsha suffer a bit
longer though because I had great things in mind for her.

I lubed up one of the soda bottles that Marsha had cleaned and I
carefully inserted the neck of it in her back hole, just up to
the wide part. I didn't want to lose it in there. I then took the
other bottle and put it in her front hole, just about as deep as
the other one. I found a concrete block and sat it on the bench
between her spread legs and against the bottles so they didn't
slip out when she started to wiggle around. She said it was
delicious having her holes stuffed. It reminded her of the
strapons at Mrs. Windsor's and we both agreed that we couldn't
wait to be back there to see what Mrs. Windsor and little Molly
might put us through. I straddled the bench and Marsha over her
face, leaning down toward her middle. I pushed my sweet spot onto
her mouth and told her to get busy. Balancing myself on one hand,
I used my free hand to jig her with the garden glove so that we
could both have our pleasure. This scene was really hot and we
both got off like a zillion times before I let her up. We thought
Mrs. Windsor would be very proud of us and we couldn't wait to
tell her about our activities.

We were all a dither when we got to Mrs. Windsor's house Friday
evening. She came to the door dressed in her dom outfit of thigh
high hose and garter belt, leather boots and leather gloves. She
didn't have on either panties or a bra. She looked so sexy,
Marsha and I were ready to kneel down and beg her to let us eat
her pussy. Even little dom Molly was in her little outfit of
boots and gloves and naked otherwise. Marsha had so enjoyed
eating her little cunny the last time we were here that she
hardly talked about anything else.

"Wait until we tell you what we did this week Mrs. Windsor. We
think you will be proud of what we've learned to do and did to
each other."

After we told her the story, she said "I am very proud of you
two. I think maybe the next time you come over we could bring
some of our customers here and we could all have a good time
together. What do you think about that?"

"Sounds fine to us," we said, "if you think it would be okay.
We're up to anything you would like to do."

Mrs. Windsor had a great scene lined up for us that evening. I
was to be completely naked but Marsha got to put on the garter
belt with the hose and the boots and gloves. She also got to wear
a really big dick strapon. I think it was the biggest dick in the
closet. I was sure hoping that it wasn't going into me because I
didn't think I could take it in. Mrs. Windsor tied Marsha on her
back on the bed. Her arms were stretched above her and tied to
the head board. Marsha's knees and ankles were secured together
and then her ankles were tied to the foot of the bed. Mrs.
Windsor had pulled the ropes so tight; I don't think Marsha could
move it all. She looked amazing though with the big dick sticking
straight up out of her middle.

I was next to get tied up. I had my wrists and arms bound behind
my back and then ropes around my upper body. I got my wish about
the crotch rope lesson only it was on me but I watched carefully
so I could do one the next time. Mrs. Windsor is really good with
ropes and knots and it was some uncomfortable tight, pushing up
into my cunny. I also had my knees and ankles tied tightly
together.

So that I wouldn't tip over, Mrs. Windsor looped a big thick rope
through one of the hooks in the ceiling and then tied it around
my neck like a noose. She didn't pull it so tight that I was like
hanging there but if I moved much from side to side, I could sure
feel it pulling on my neck. I could see myself hanging there from
the mirrors on the wall across the room and in between was Marsha
all stretched out with her big dick sticking up like a foot.

Once we were all bound up, as immobile as two little girls could
be, the fun began for Mrs. Windsor and little dom Molly. The
reason I had been tied up naked instead of having the boots and
gloves on was that little Molly was to take a cat-o- nine tails
and whip me with it. While she was doing that, Mrs. Windsor
climbed up on the bed and squatted down over the big dick, taking
the full of it into her vagina.

Mrs. Windsor thought it was really hot watching Molly whip me
while I was hanging there and she got off on fucking Marsha's big
dick like a 100 times before she told Molly to stop whipping me
and to climb onto the bed. Molly knew just what to do. Facing her
mother, she put her cunny down on Marsha's mouth and commanded
Marsha to start licking her. She and Mrs. Windsor, who was still
sliding up and down on Marsha's big dick, leaned into one
another. Their lips met in a passionate kiss and Molly grabbed a
hold of Mrs. Windsor's erect nipples and held on tightly as they
rose and fell with Mrs. Windsor's cantering over Marsha.

Well, as you can imagine, Molly couldn't hit me very hard with
the whip, I mean she could barely lift the thing but I was
incredibly aroused watching her in the mirrors use the cat-o-nine
tails on me while gazing over Mrs. Windsor fucking Marsha or
maybe it was Marsha fucking Mrs. Windsor. But whenever little dom
Molly pushed her cunny onto Marsha's mouth and then leaned in to
grab Mrs. Windsor's tits, I was completely gone. Through Mrs.
Windsor's last dozen or so orgasms, I was begging, more like
screaming for someone to touch me. I was thinking of hanging
myself just to be rid of the burning desire between my legs.

Mrs. Windsor finally decided to pause her own pleasure and she
climbed off of Marsha. She told Molly to come over to me and
finger me with her gloved hand until she could get Marsha untied.
Molly, always eager to obey her mother, jumped off of Marsha's
face and came over to me. She took two fingers of her gloved hand
and, like an expert, she pushed them into my front hole, all of
the way up to her top knuckle and thrust them back and forth.
Waves of orgasms swept over me the second she touched me and she
kept finger fucking me until Mrs. Windsor got Marsha up off the
bed and retied her hands and arms behind her back. Mrs. Windsor
walked Marsha over to where I was hanging and had her kneel in
front of me to eat me out. Marsha still had her big dick on so
when I saw her coming, I was a bit concerned until she kneeled.
Marsha had gotten really good with her tongue on my pussy,
knowing just where and how to put pressure on my clit with it and
her lips. I had no problem getting off a bunch more times with
her mouth there.

Marsha was going to be last that night to have her pleasure but
it was quite the scene and I still get hot thinking about it. I
was tied on the bed on my back this time, with a strapon. My dick
wasn't' as big as Mrs. Windsor's had been so I was pretty certain
that it was meant for Marsha and I was right. Still with her
hands and arms tied behind her back, Mrs. Windsor helped Marsha
squat down over my dick and take it into her pussy. Meanwhile, 
Mrs. Windsor put on a strapon of her own, a small one, and lubed
it up.

Pushing Marsha's head down toward mine, she gained access to
Marsha's back hole. Mrs. Windsor took some lube and greased up
one of the fingers of her glove and shoved it into Marsha's
rosebud, stretching it a bit. Before it completely closed, Mrs.
Windsor shoved her dick into Marsha's ass. Marsha was in a
sandwich with Mrs. Windsor and me as the bread, both of us
fucking her mightily with our dicks. Marsha brought her mouth to
mine and we kissed the best we could only mostly Marsha just
sucked air while she came a bunch of times from the fucking.

We all had to pee really badly by this time so we all got untied
and naked and went into the bathroom and took turns peeing on one
another. We had enjoyed doing it so much the last time that we
were all enthusiastic about doing it again. We agreed that we
would make water sports the way we would end our evenings
together from now on.

After we were cleaned up with showers and dressed again, Mrs.
Windsor and Molly gave us hugs and kisses goodbye and told us how
much they enjoyed the evening. Not as much as we did, Marsha and
I exclaimed. Mrs. Windsor said she was serious about having some
customers over the next time we were together and we agreed to
come the following weekend.

Marsha and I walked home in each other's arms. We were still
horny from the evening despite having had like a zillion comes at
the hands of Mrs. Windsor, Molly, and each other. We got to my
house first and we decided to just sleep over there so that we
could frig each other the rest of the night reliving the
wonderful time we had at Mrs. Windsor's and looking forward to
the next weekend. 
