_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com


Kitchen Duty-2 by Andy


Kitchen Duty-2


Amy and Alexia had by now gotten settled in their new relationship. The 
house began to morph into a combination of living quarters, farm and 
orgiastic retreat.

Amy could not get enough of Alexia, Butch and Shasta. The four of them 
covered each other in shit, piss and cum on a regular basis.

One day, they had gotten dressed because they were expecting a carpenter to 
come by and advise, suggest and plan a new addition that the girls wanted. 
He was supposed to arrive at 10AM. Both of them reluctantly refrained from 
any of their usual breakfast habits. Amy was still grabbing Alexia's butt 
cheeks through her jeans, "Oh Amy I hope the carpenter is not here to long 
I'm so horny today," exclaimed Alex in a pouting little girl voices

Before Amy could comment, they heard a van pull into the driveway and heard 
a door open and shut followed by footsteps and a knock on the door. A gentle 
knock, Alexia was nearest so she opened the door.

"Yes how may I help you?" Alex asked.

"Good Morning, my name is Andy Wilson, I'm looking for Amy Stone," he said 
pleasantly.

"Good Morning to you Mr. Wilson, no, I'm Alexia Travers, this is Miss 
Stone," she smiled as Amy appeared behind her.

"Call me Amy. Can we get you some coffee or tea?" Amy asked, showing him 
into the kitchen.

"Coffee please, black, no sugar and please call me Andy," he said.

They all sat at the table, sipping coffee as Amy as Alexia told him what 
they had in mind and why they called him. While Amy did most of the talking, 
Alexia was eyeballing the carpenter. Middle aged, late forties, great arms 
that were hidden by his t-shirt, strong looking legs that were threatening 
to burst the seams of his jeans, a thick barreled chest and he wasn't too 
bad looking either. A receding hairline but otherwise thick brown/gray hair, 
a moustache neatly trimmed and piercing blue eyes made up the rest of Andy's 
appearance. Alex was trying to discern if there was a bulge in his jeans, 
and was standing behind him looking at Amy while licking her lips.

"Andy, Alexia and I have just bought another 40 acres that surround this 
place and we need you to come up with some ideas for a small barn, corral 
and fencing that we want," Amy explained. "We don't plan on becoming a farm 
or ranch or anything like that, but we would like a safe, comfortable and 
modern place to keep some horses, and smaller pets."

"Can you help us?" Amy asked.

"Sure I can. You say all this land is yours," Andy went on. "That's good 
because we won't need permits and there won't be any congestion while I 
work. Suppose I draw up some plans and return tomorrow so we can see where 
we are? Before I leave I would like to take some measurements."

"That would be fine Andy, and thanks for being so responsive. Alexia and I 
are partners and expense should not be spared, as we want only the best."

"Before I go can I please use your 'John,' coffee goes right through me."

Amy pointed out the bathroom to him and when he wasn't looking motioned for 
Alexia to go into the living room. Amy had cameras everywhere, if you 
remember, the bathroom was no exception. Andy stepped over to the toilet and 
began to zip down his fly.

The women's eyes were riveted. Andy pulled out his cock and produced a good 
8-inch flaccid yet impressive member. He stroked his cock sideways and aimed 
it into the bowl. Amy and Alexia were transfixed as he started to urinate, 
First a trickle and then a strong steady stream. He pissed for a while with 
no sign of being done. 30 seconds went by......40........45.......50, and 
still no sign of abating, 1:10 and only then did the stream begin to 
dissipate. Amy was drooling and jamming two fingers into her cunt. Alexia 
was mesmerized.

Suddenly Andy let loose with a blood curdling fart. Long and loud it even 
made his nose cringe . He shook his cock of the last of the piss remnants. 
Amy pointed at the clock and whispered that 1 minute and 30 seconds had gone 
by.

Andy was drying his hands after washing them and came out of the John 
looking relieved. Alexia and Amy saw him to the door politely and walked him 
to his truck.

"Andy, it was nice meeting you, we are looking forward to seeing you 
tomorrow," Amy said and Alexia echoed.

"Same here, I'll be here early if you don't mind, say around 8:30am." Andy 
looked carefully.

"That's fine, we'll be up." Amy waved goodbye and she and Alexia walked back 
in the house.

The truck pulled away and the women both burst out into uncontrollable 
laughter.

"Did you see the size of his cock?" Amy asked.

"I sure did and I noticed that he can piss like a firehose," Alexia intoned, 
"How are we going to get him to join us?"

As they thought about it, they began to take of their clothing and were soon 
naked in the kitchen, which was turning out to be their favorite room. 
Alexia sat on the counter and raised one leg so the heel of her foot was on 
the edge of the counter. In this position her cunt was opened lewdly. Amy 
was sitting on a chair in front of her when Alexia let go. Her urine 
splashed directly onto Amy's large bust that she began to fondle and cup.

Amy was maneuvering her mouth into the flow and swallowed every drop of piss 
she could until the flow stopped suddenly.

"Hey, what happened?" Amy cried.

"Nothing honey, I just wanted to save you some to wash down a treat I have 
for you," Alex said wickedly.

Alexia put her hand under her ass and concentrated in expelling one 
continuous 5" bomb. It stank up the entire kitchen but to these girls it was 
perfume. Alexia took the shit log and held it above Amy's face. Amy, in 
turn, bent her neck back and opened her mouth wide. Soon the turd was 
dropped into her mouth and stuffed in completely. Amy savored Alexia's shit 
as she chewed and swallowed. Amy slid her chair under Alexia's vagina as she 
prepared to swallow the rest of Alexia's piss along with her shit.

Amy was in a state of bliss as she looked over to the dish drainoff and 
spotted a big glass bowl. Her eyes made contact with her partner and Alexia 
immediately jumped one step ahead.

She placed the bowl under Amy's ass and watched as her lover shit a gigantic 
load into the bowl. Then Amy started to urinate, Alex grabbed a glass and 
watched it fill. Soon it began to overflow into the bowl of shit and she put 
it down and grabbed another. She had to do this one more time and was 
surprised that Amy could fill three large glasses.

Alexia could not contain herself and reached into the bowl and squeezed both 
of her hands into this hot stinking pile of fresh waste and brought her shit 
filled hands up to her face, inhaling the aroma. Then she put a large lump 
of Amy's shit into her mouth, while rubbing the rest of the crap into her 
hair and all over her face.

Amy, in the meantime had drank down a glass of her own urine in one gulp. 
Then she went for the bowl of shit and began to cover her breasts while 
eating the larger turds. Alexia was an unrecognizable brown mass now. Her 
teeth were filthy with Amy's shit.

"Amy, the only thing I love more than your shit is you darling," Alexia was 
welling up. Amy was no less stricken and swallowed her shit while looking at 
her friend and said, "Alexia I love you too and I want you to be with me, 
forever."

Not to get sappy but the girls then proceeded to eat every piece of shit 
they could find and drink every drop of urine they could piss out. Alexia 
suddenly gagged a bit as her stomach tried to give up the foulness that she 
had ingested. A gusher of vomit burst from her mouth hitting Amy directly in 
the face.

"Vomit in my mouth honey, I want to eat your puke while I frig myself into 
another cum," Amy cried.

The sounds of Alexia moaning and wailing as she puked into her friends mouth 
where unholy especially since Alexia was masturbating herself vigorously as 
she threw up.

Amy was covered entirely with shit and vomit. Her legs were wide open as she 
shit some more turds out. Her breasts were hanging low and looked like 
eggplants about to fall from the vine. Big black sacks with nipples.

Alexia and Amy soul kissed as the vomit was being spit back into Alexia's 
mouth from whence it came.

The girls went into the shower to clean up. They couldn't imagine what Andy 
would have done if he had seen their act but somehow they knew they would 
find out.

The next morning found them asleep in each other's arms. They were awakening 
at around 7 am. They immediately fondled each other's cunts and had a quick 
morning cum to start their day. The dogs were aching to go out.

"Hey Amy, look at out pets, do you think we should help them out?" Alexia 
giggled.

"I hate to be a spoil sport, but Andy is coming soon and I'm not sure we 
could explain and..." Amy's voice trailed off.

"Too bad, but we'll have lots of time. Have you thought about how we are 
going to see if we can interest him?"

"Yeah I have," said Amy. " I noticed he tried to look down our blouses every 
chance he got but was careful not to get caught."

"Yeah I noticed it too, made me tingle all over. Why don't we wear something 
a little more revealing?" Alexia suggested.

"I've got a better idea sweetheart," Amy opined. "Why don't I greet him and 
start to look at the plans while you step out of the shower not knowing that 
he's here." Amy outlined.

"I know just what to do," Alexia said.

Soon 8:30 rolled around and the truck drove up on time. Andy strode to the 
door not knowing what he was about to get into.

"Good Morning, Andy how are you today?" Amy was smiling happily. She had a 
pair of sweat pants and a tee shirt on. Nothing else. Her hair had not been 
brushed yet and it was positively exhilarating. Her bust bounced around 
freely under her tee and Andy could not help but notice. There was just a 
hint of a twinkle in his eye.

"Alexia is in the shower, would you like some coffee, she asked, her own 
eyes somewhat glazed over."

"Sure," he said, wondering about the look in her eyes.

Just then Alexia burst out of the bathroom with a towel wrapping a towel 
around her head. She was completely naked and dripping all over the floor. 
She dropped a hairbrush she was carrying and squatted, fully open legged to 
pick it up. Andy was given a perfect shot of her wet, hairy, pin vagina. The 
tumescence in his pants was rigid to the point of hurting. Alex straightened 
up and stood causing her large breasts to bang together as she hurled the 
towel backwards over her head, and thus came face to face with Andy's 
stunned and bemused look. Amy was biting down one her lower lips to keep 
from laughing.

"Oops! Excuse me Andy, I didn't realize you were here," she apologized. She 
only covered her bust with one arm, which was a rather feeble attempt.

Excuse me Miss Travers, it's my fault, I didn't mean to errr..a stare, it 
just that ..... well, its just that you are so great looking and...," his 
voice trailed off.

Amy smiled warmly and said out loud to Andy, "What am I, chopped liver?" as 
she pulled her tee shirt over her head and placed her hands under her 
enormous bust and cupped them to his eyes.

Andy was too hypnotized to object. Instead he smiled and stood up.

"One good turn deserves another ladies," he said.

He took off his work belt followed by his work shirt, revealing a broad 
hairy back and chest, framed by two very rugged and obviously strong arms. 
He had a beer gut but it just made him that much more manly. Alexia lost all 
pretenses and stared at him lewdly. She was now not trying to hide anything 
and was standing with her hands massaging he breasts and her legs apart. 
Amy, not to be outdone was stripping rapidly until she was totally naked and 
was also flaunting her body for his eyes.

Andy removed his boots and jeans followed by his underwear. His cock was 
extremely large and fat with a thick bulbous head. The shaft was blue veined 
and an angry red. His balls were like lemons and the sack did not hang down 
like it usually did on men his age.

Both women got on their knees in front of him and alternated kissing and 
licking this weapon before them.

The time for talk was not now. Lust took over. Andy put his left arm around 
Amy's waist and picked her 150 pounds completely off the floor as if she 
weighed nothing at all. He was kissing her as he held her three feet of the 
ground. Alexia was deep throating his cock with fervor.

He had Amy throw her legs around his head, so that he could eat her vagina 
while Alexia was sucking his cock. After a few minutes he removed Amy from 
his face and replaced her with Alexia as Amy went down on his bargepole, 
sucking, licking, kneading and squeezing his massive cock.

"Hold on there doll-face I don't want to come right away, Jesus, you gonna 
turn my dick inside out," he laughed

"Let's go outside and play in the dirt," Amy coaxed.

On the porch Alexia, bent over the rail with her breasts hanging low. She 
looked over her shoulder with her eyes glazed and a hopeful expression, 
aimed at Andy.

Not one to disappoint, He walked behind her and placed the head of his prick 
in her wet crotch and inserted in one fell swoop. He started to plow into 
Alexia's cooze with good sloshing sounds. While he was pile driving his cock 
into her, Amy was squatting down on the ground in front of the porch and 
petting the dogs.

Andy was staring at this large busted, naked cunt squatting in the dirt with 
a male and female Doberman and was quick to realize that these dogs were 
more than friendly to her. It was more like familiar.

He continued to thrust into Alexia and lay over her back so he could reach 
around and play with her breasts. He could feel his load building up to very 
explosive proportions.

"God, Alexia are all of your holes this exhaustive, your gonna drain me 
before I get time to enjoy it," Andy complained woefully.

"That's my plan sporto," Alexia laughed.

"Amy, why don't you show Andy how friendly Butch and Sasha are," Alexia 
suggested.

They were wondering if Andy would be turned off, but fuck him if he was, it 
was their house, and their dogs and he would fit in or still be looking for 
work.

Amy got on all fours, and Butch immediately mounted her, his nails making 
red marks on her hips and sides. Amy loved this scratching. After slavering 
over her back Butch's dog cock grew until it was a very impressive 8-inch 
animal prod that was red, wet and angry.

Butch plunged his cock expertly into Amy's cunt and began to hump his 
master. Sarah squatted over Amy's face and drowned her mistress in her 
animal vagina liquids.

By this point Andy was wild eyed and he picked up Alexia and carried her 
down the porch steps until they were right near the bestial woman. He 
surprised every one by taking his cock and finding Sasha's dog cunt and 
reamed her until she let out a yip.

Sasha kept trying to back up to get more of Andy's prick into her. Butch was 
approaching a climax and buried his knot into Amy as she screeched out in 
pleasure and came violently. Poor Alexia, was untended so to show how 
"upset" she was at being left out, she went back up on the porch and climber 
over the railing and spread her legs wide open. Her hot urine splashed over 
all beneath her. Andy took a blast right in his kisser. Then he caught a 
mouthful, swallowed and shot an immense load of human sperm into Sasha's 
sucking cunt.

Alexia had aimed a spray right into Amy's mouth as Butch shot his dog sperm 
into her cunt. The knot had grown to the size of an orange and was imbedded 
deeply within Amy's stinking, dogcome filled cunt. Amy was swallowing 
Alexia's piss when she lost control of her rectal functions. The pounding 
and coming of Butch had made her lose total control and the fact that she 
was "tied" to Butch didn't help matters.

Shit exploded from Amy's ass in three long hard turds about 6 inches long. 
Alexia saw this and ran down the stairs and immediately grabbed one of the 
turds in her hand and crammed it into her mouth.

As she was chewing she grabbed a second turd and fed her lover with her own 
shit. Amy sucked it in and chewed her own waste with abandon.

"Hey, I want some too, quick," Andy had just made both women very happy as 
they wallowed.

The three of them were chewing shit and gulping it down. Andy pulled his 
still rigid cock out of the dog's cunt and stood up. He grabbed Alexia by 
the hair and pressed her face into Sasha's hot smelly hole.

"Baby, lick my spunk out of the dog's vagina while I lick your beautiful ass 
clean," Andy exclaimed.

Amy was writhing around still tied to Butch when she cried out in joy, "Oh 
yes Butchie, piss in mommy, urinate your gamy dog filth into my cunt until 
it explodes your knot out," she wailed.

So as Alexia was licking semen out of a dog's smelly cunt and Amy was having 
another dog urinate into her cunt, as Andy began to urinate directly up into 
the air until he was pissing in his own mouth and gulping down enormous 
loads of his own piss.

Just the Butch exploded out of Amy's piss filled cunt and jumped to her 
feet. She grabbed Andy's pissing prick and gave herself, two good mouthfuls. 
The she immediately got behind Andy and started cramming her tongue up his 
ass.

"Feed me you piss drinker, feed me your hot filthy shit, shit in my fucking 
mouth," Amy was delirious with passion.

Andy needed no further prompting. He took one more mouthful of his own 
urine, stooped the flow from his still piss filled bladder and squatted over 
Amy's upraised face. He had a high fiber diet and the shit that flew out of 
his ass was firm, plentiful and foul. Her mouth was filled to overflowing 
and her entire face was covered in thick shit. Her eyes were barely able to 
open. Her hair was matted to her forehead.

Alexia had a bemused look on her face as she watched Amy treated so 
wonderfully. "Hey don't look left out, get your fucking whore mouth over 
here," Andy ordered.

Alexia's upturned mouth was soon filled with a second large dump form his 
bowels. Now the two women's faces were totally shit covered as they melted 
into each other's arms, tongue kissing and licking shit from each other.

Andy wormed his face into theirs and started feasting on his own shit. Then 
he lay down on his back and Amy knelt over his mouth and released the dog 
urine/dog semen mixture into his mouth and then when he glued his mouth to 
her ass she began to pinch a loaf right down his throat

Sasha was licking her mistress's cunt when Alexia let go with a good long 
burst of urine right down the female bitch's dog throat. Sasha swallowed 
thirstily. Alexia began to grab all the loose shit she could find and coated 
Sasha's fur with it. The dog was now as filthy as the humans were.

After a few more insane moments the three of them sat up on their knees as 
Butch approached. As if he knew what to do,(he did) he raised his hind leg 
and let go of more dog piss right in each of their mouths. They all drank it 
down like it was Bollinger 55.

"That was great, Andy cried out, wait until we get to know each other 
better," He laughed.

He stood up and put an arm around each woman's waist and lifted than off the 
ground. They went into the kitchen, covered with shit and piss, both animal 
and human and sat around as if nothing had happened and they further 
discussed the plans for the new barn and accommodations that the girls 
wanted. Amy brought out a 6 pack of cold brew and three nice glasses of JD 
on the rocks. Amy's face was black with crusted shit. Her hair was 
disgraceful. Her bust was filth as caked shit stuck to the bottoms and side 
of her big cans. Her cunt was filthier than a sewer trap.

Alexia's was still sucking a turd of shit as they went over the plans. Her 
face was so filthy that her left eye was stuck shut and she made no attempt 
to unstick it.

Andy was just as filthy as the sluts he was working for were. His Hair was 
slicked back with a "shit piss gel type glaze. The hairy body only served as 
a sponge to suck up and hold a lot of shit in its mesh.

Sarah wash shit covered all over her sleek black body and was lying in the 
filth happily licking her own shit filled cunt. Amy noticed this and smiling 
happily said, "I wish I could lick shit out of my own cunt."

"So do I Honey, So do I," Alexia agreed.

"Hey ladies, how many horses, pigs and goats and other beasts do you plan on 
keeping here? Andy waited for their reply. The girls looked at him and 
started to....


Three??? Thanks for all the comments. Keep it up Andy (boez@hotmail.com)
