Tarrant had never expected a discussion of the odd foodstuffs of Above to result in a sudden, frigid silence permeating the sunny, warm atmosphere of their garden. (If anything, he would have expected Alice’s memories of her family to remind her of her true home and perhaps make her think of returning... of leaving him! Yes, he has feared the topic of her family, for they have always wielded a power over Alice that he never could: loyalty. But the mention of the people to whom she is bound with Family Ties had not shattered their companionable afternoon. The culprit had been nothing more ludicrous than mud pies! Or had it...?) It’s not until he pauses, listens to the echoes of his own words in his ears that he realizes what he had just said, implied, suggested... 

Hastily, he offers, “Hypothetically speaking. I mean, my children in a hypothetical sense. Not in an actual child sense. Or having the state of childhood. I meant only were I... or, if you seemed inclined to... but none of that is really necessary, it’s just... a figure of speech. Yes, exactly.” A figure of speech indeed, and it had cut him out to be a Fool. 

He waits- fidgets- dreads , hoping Alice has not been Offended by his remark. Why, it had been the height of Arrogance (and the fellow is quite tall as it is already!) to say such a thing and in such a manner (as if he assumes that Alice will want his... their...!) and he wonders rather frantically if it is too late to distract her with an offer of tea... 

“I know a bit about marriages Above,” Alice murmurs and Tarrant twitches-marvels-blinks at the non sequitur. “But... I don’t know what they are here. If they’re the same or...” 

Perhaps the topic he had unwittingly raised will be ignored after all? Applying himself to this new subject of conversation, Tarrant frowns as he considers the question Alice is not actually asking. “In truth, I am rather unclear on that as well.” 

“But... your parents...?” 

“Aye, they were married, completed the Courting. Many Outlanders do. Did. Still, it’s a rare state in Underland.” Yes, he had explained that, hadn’t he? “Many couples elope, it’s true, but their Places do not merge in those cases. A shame, if you ask any Outlander, hence the popularity of the Courting.” 

He pauses, clears his throat, and dares to add, “I had always expected... were I to be moved to do so, I would court my Intended... ask for her hand... just as my...” Yes, just as the men and women of his clan had always done. And, as the last, does it not fall to him to uphold that tradition? Now that he has a reason to consider performing a courtship at all? 

He shakes his head, pulls himself back onto his train of thought, and concludes, “As I never... Well, it seemed silly to spare very many thoughts for marriage when I had not felt the inclination to be married, so, I’m afraid I know very little about it, in general.” 

“That... could be a problem, couldn’t it?” 

Alice sounds rather Worried about that. He turns on his knees so that he can see her clearly. Even in profile and at a distance he recognizes her frown. “Not necessarily! Why not make it what we wish it to be?” 

Which begs the question... “What do you wish it to be?” Alice does not disappoint in asking. 

Tarrant takes a deep breath and, still studying her profile, says the impressions that come to mind, as they come to mind. “I wish for you to want this... Marriage. With me. I want you to not regret it. I would like to share a home. Perhaps have tea on sunny days and coffee on gray ones. I would like to see your tunics keeping my waistcoats company in the wardrobe. And we shall have to find you some practical footwear, Alice, if we are to go on walks in the woods so that you can practice speaking Tree—” 

“As wonderful as all of that sounds...” she gently and quietly interrupts, “you didn’t really answer my question.” 

“I believe I did.” Yes, he’s quite sure of it! “Perhaps if you asked the question that matches the answer you meant for me to give you...?” 

He watches as Alice closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, gathers her muchness and says, “What do you expect of me?” 

Yet another odd sort of question, he opines. Further investigation is required: “What do you expect of yourself?” 

She huffs, “Now you’re avoiding the question.” 

“No, no!” His denial is accompanied by much gesticulation. “The question implies that you expect that something is expected of you and that worries you. You would not be worried if you expected no expectations, but you are worried, thus you are contemplating several possibly unpleasant somethings being expected of you.” 

“I must be mad. That made perfect sense.” 

He giggles and she smiles. Her shoulders relax, but the issue she had raised – and rather vaguely at that! – still oscillates between them. Daringly, he shuffles forward – careful to avoid disrupting the patterns he has already sewn – to the edge of the garden he is Sewing. He despairs at the distance between himself and Alice but holds himself back. This is a serious discussion. They should not allow their natural inclination to Come Together to sway their desires on this! Felling far too far away from his wife, he whispers, “Alice, why does our marriage worry you?” Why now? Or has she been worried for some time and now is the first opportunity she has found to bring his attention to it? Has she reconsidered the annulment? Had he done something to make her doubt her choice, her faith in him? 

Blast it! He knew he should have insisted on taking the sofa last night! 

“What sort of marriage will this be?” Alice asks softly, hesitantly. And, for a moment, Tarrant thinks he must have imagined that timid inquiry. (Alice is not timid!) When she prompts him with “... Tarrant?” he startles, realizing that yes she had just asked him a question, that question . 

“What would ye prefer, Alice?” he returns, his emotions pouring out in brogue. 

For a moment, she does not reply. And then she admits, “I never thought about it much. Only... I knew only what I didn ’ t want. Above... women do not... sail the world or have a role in business. They keep the home well-ordered and raise the children and... let their husbands take care of them.” 

Ah... Tarrant experiences a glimmer of insight and offers: “I ’ m more than happy ta look after ye, ta take care o ’ ye... if ’ n tha ’ s whot ye want... bu ’ if ’ n ye ’ d like ta have a trade, ’ twould please mae alsae.” 

She nods, her expression furiously thoughtful. “And... children? What will you expect of me with regards to a family?”