The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright November 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, This is a "hard" mind control (MC) story.  By definition, MC is nonconsensual.  

CAUTION.  This one involves incest, teenagers, animals, pregnancy, male-male, female-female,
and other things that may not be to your liking.  If so, you'll find some more romantic and softer
stories in my archive or the archives of the other authors of asstr.  Good reading.  E.Z. 


GRANDPA AND ME

Chapter Two

Grandpa eased to the floor and sat cross-legged.  Mom squirmed off the couch, fell into his lap
with her legs around him, and locked her ankles behind his back.  She was humping his crotch
and I could see the muscles of her legs and the thrusting of her ass.  Her tee shirt and bra were
pushed up above her breasts. 

"Fuck me, Karl.  Drive your cock into me.  Please, Karl.  I need you in me.  I need it so much,"
she whimpered. 

I'd never heard that begging sensuality from her.  It was as sexy as her body and that's damn
sexy, believe me. 

My cock was killing me.  I had to have her now or else.  Grandpa was staring at me. 

"Vicki, you'll go into a state of suspended animation and be perfectly still and quiet.  You'll
remember nothing you see, hear, or feel until I say the word 'awaken.'  Do you understand me?"
he said.  

"Yes, Karl," she murmured.  She let out a deep sigh and sat in his lap without moving.

I unzipped my pants.

"Control yourself, Rick," Grandpa said firmly.  

"Grandpa, I want her," I said in an agitated and demanding tone. 

"Calm down."

"Calm down, my ass.  I want to fuck her now." 

His eyes narrowed and the muscle in his jaw twitched.  His voice was cold and crisp.  "You'll
have her soon enough . . .  if you control yourself."

To be honest, I thought about attacking Grandpa and taking her from him, but I knew that wasn't
right.  Even if it was right, Grandpa was my friend and I wouldn't attack a friend.  But even if he
wasn't my friend, I wouldn't do it because Grandpa didn't only look like a bear, he was as big
and strong as one.   And even if he wasn't as strong as a bear, Grandpa had been an Army Ranger
and knew hand-to-hand combat.     

Even a sex-addled mind and a desperate cock understands discretion in those circumstances.  I
took a deep breath and pulled up my zipper.

Grandpa smiled and said, "Come sit by me, Rick."   

Sitting next to Grandpa, I could see her face.  It looked like she was asleep. 

"Feel those tits, Rick," Grandpa said.  "Aren't they magnificent?"

My hands trembled, my mouth was dry, and my cock throbbed with every heart beat, as I
wrapped my fingers around one of Mom's perfect breasts for the first time.  Her skin was hot to
the touch, her nipples hard, but she didn't move.  I squeezed the soft flesh, felt the tensile nipple. 
It was like playing with a real live doll.   

"Sit back and watch, Rick."

"Grandpa, I'm about to explode."

"You can wait.  It'll be worth it," he said gently, but firmly.          

"All right," I replied.  

Grandpa waited until I was settled in beside him before saying to Mom, "Awaken, Vicki."

Slowly, her face changed from the doll mask to something special.  Her expression wasn't the
deer in the headlights I'd seen.  It was like the Fillmore sisters right before I'd drive my cock in
them.  You know.  A face full of sexual needs and desires without restraints.  The Fillmore
sisters were different.  It's hard to describe.  It's like the Fillmore sisters expression said "I'm a
slut and I'll fuck anyone" while Mom's expression said "I love this man so much I can't control
myself."

"Please, Karl," she whimpered.         

"Soon, Vicki," he said as his hands massaged her naked breasts.  "I want to see you first."  He
pulled her shirt over her head and removed her bra.  "Stand up," he said.

When Mom stood, he ripped her shorts down her legs.  She was wearing a thong bikini.  It must
have been new because she didn't have it the last time I rifled through her drawer.  She'd bought
some sexy things to wear when she paraded around in front of me, but she'd be doing more than
parading.     

"Please," she whimpered as he pulled the bikini down. 

Grandpa took a deep sniff, grinned and handed Mom's panties to me.  They were sopping and
smelly. 

"Please what?" he asked. 

"Fuck me.  Fuck me."

She couldn't be still.  Her hips were thrusting like a cock was already buried in her.  Her eyes
were glazed and hot, her lips wet, and sweat oozed from her skin.

"Do you masturbate?" Grandpa asked her. 

"Yes, Karl.  Please don't mind . . . "

"How often?" he interrupted. 

"It used to be about once a month, but since Charlie left, it's been a lot more often."

"How often?"

"Once a day, or more."  

"Vicki, how often did my son and you fuck?" Grandpa asked.  He was surprised by Mom's
answer. 

"Once a day.  Maybe more.  Please, Karl, stick it in me." 

"I thought you didn't like sex," Grandpa said.  

"I ..." She stopped speaking and she looked confused. 

"What's wrong?" Grandpa asked.

"I'm not sure.  I started to say I don't like sex and that sex with Charlie was only doing my wifely
duty, but . . .  I love sex.  I love being sexual and obedient to you, Karl.  I don't understand, Karl. 
Why do I want you so much and I didn't enjoy Charlie?"

"Don't worry about it, sweet pussy.  Nothing matters now except you being my woman,"
Grandpa said gently as he stroked her face.

"I'm your woman, your hot woman who needs fucking," she giggled as she rubbed his nipples
against his chest.  

"Go into your bedroom and masturbate.  Think sexy thoughts about me, Vicki.  Think how you
can please me, but I don't want you to orgasm."

"All right, Karl, but please hurry.  I already want you, and if I masturbate without cumming, I'll
go mad with desire," she whispered.

Mom swayed toward her bedroom.  I'd never seen her sway like that.  Damn, it was sexy.  While
I was watching Mom's ass, Grandpa was watching me.  He snickered.

"I was going to ask if you were with me or against me, but I can tell from your expression you're
with me," he said. 

"All the way," I replied, hoping he'd catch the pun. 

He chuckled, but then his eyes narrowed.  "I wasn't sure there for a few minutes."

"Grandpa, I want her to fuck her so much . . . " 

"Me, too," he said, interrupting me.  "Rick, I've wanted to fuck your mother ever since your
father brought her home to meet us. She's one fine-looking little fox.  She's going to be my
woman now.  You heard that."

"Yes, sir.  I heard everything."

"I've always felt you're and I are like two peas from the same pod."

"Me, too.  Even Mom says that."

"I want you with me, Rick.  I want to share the fun and pleasure with you."

"I'd like that," I replied enthusiastically.

"If you're with me, I'll share my women with you."

"Women?"

"Yes, women.  I have more than one."

"How many?"

"We'll talk about that later," he said. 

"I'm with you, Grandpa."

"Then it's your turn to be hypnotized," he said.  

His eyes were piercing into me.  Maybe that's the reason I had an uneasy feeling.  

"Why?" I asked. 

"You'll understand after you're hypnotized."

"Can we talk about it?" I asked. 

"Rick, you saw me hypnotize your mother.  You saw me squirt something into her mouth.  I can't
let someone know that unless they're programmed to never reveal it."

"What was it?" I asked.

"A chemical I've discovered."

My mind was whirling with the prospects of hypnotizing Julie Allison. 

"Are you going to hypnotize anyone else?" I asked hopefully.

"You've got a birthday in a few days.  I'm going to give you the girl of your choice for a
present."

"All right!  Lay back and spread 'em, Julie.  Here I come!"

"Who's Julie?" Grandpa asked. 

"One of the two girls I dream about."

"Who's the other?" he asked.

"Mom, but you've taken her."

"I share, and I'll do Julie for you, but I'm going to hypnotize you first." 

"Grandpa, why didn't you program Mom and Dad to get back together?" I asked, stalling for
time.  

"Because I wanted her.  Charlie's happy, Rick.  Have you met Melinda and Heather?"

"Sure.  I met them when I was visiting Dad a few weekends ago."

"They're programmed for him just like your Mom's programmed for me.  Charlie comes home
every night to two beautiful women eager to please him.  Enough stalling.  Lie down."

"Grandpa, it's frightening to think some else controls you like that."

"Rick, do you want to screw a lot of different women?"

"Sure, Grandpa," I replied.  'What a stupid question,' I thought.  

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes, but . . . "

"Then lie down on the couch," he ordered.  The muscle in his jaw twitched as his eyes narrowed
to pin points.  I lay back on the couch.     

Grandpa pulled the bottle from his pocket.  He carefully filled the dropper to the proper level,
told me to open up, and squeezed the eye dropper in my mouth.  

I tingled all over.  It was a warm, fuzzy feeling that left my brain floating away.  I tried to move
and couldn't, like I was paralyzed.  It didn't bother me.  I was too relaxed and happy to be
bothered about anything.   Grandpa starting speaking.

"Rick, listen to my voice, only my voice. I want you to relax, totally relax.  Your conscious mind
is asleep.  You hear only my voice.  Deeper, Rick, deeper.  You are going deeper into sleep.  You
feel comfortable, relaxed, and happy.  You enjoy this feeling.  You enjoy being this open and
receptive to my voice.  Deeper now, Rick.  Listen to my voice.  Each time you hear my voice,
you'll go deeper and deeper into your relaxed, warm, happy, feeling.  Rick, you can remember
everything I say.  You'll remember being hypnotized and what posthypnotic suggestions I give
you, but you'll never discuss it with anyone except me.  No one else.  You'll never mention it
except to me.  Do you understand?"

"Yes," I heard me say.  

"Rick, you feel good about yourself.  You know you're a handsome and intelligent man. You like
people.  You're self-confident.  You'll always strive to understand people, to comprehend what
they're saying, to read their non-verbal signals, and to determine what motivates them.  You'll
think clearly.  You can focus your mind and concentrate on what's important, whether it's school
work or pleasing a woman.  You're a positive and happy person.  You enjoy sex.  You enjoy
pleasing a woman and being pleased by her.  You control your ejaculations until you're ready to
cum.  Rick, repeat what I've told you."

I repeated it, word for word. 

"Rick, listen to my voice.  Go deeper, Rick.  Go to the deepest level of relaxation. If I want you
to be in a trance again, I will say to you, 'orange frogs.'  'Orange frogs.'  When you hear me say
that, you'll immediately go to the deepest level of the trance.  The deepest level.  You'll always
trust me.  You won't hypnotize or overpower me.  You understand trusting, supporting and
following me are the keys to your happiness and success.  Do you understand, Rick?"

"Yes."

"You'll obey my commands.  You'll want to please me by being obedient and supportive of me. 
You'll consciously remember and believe everything I have said.  You'll always remember.  I'm
going to bring you up out of the trance now.  I'll count to five.  With each number, you will rise
higher and higher.  When I say five, you will be awake, happy and fully rested.  One - two - three
- four - five."
 
I blinked my eyes and yawned.  Grandpa was grinning down at me.  I lay still for a few minutes
with my mind racing over what had happened to me. 

"Let's go, Rick.  There's a hot woman I want to fuck."

"Me, too," I said.

"Do you have a condom?"

"No.  Why?"

"If she's on the pill, I'll let you fuck her, but if she's not, you have to be happy with a blowjob."

"Why?" I sobbed. 

"I don't want you to get her pregnant," he said.  He grinned heartily.  "That's my job." 


To be continued. 

Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or www.storiesonline.net