"I think I'm going to go to bed," I said, getting up off the couch. "I'm exhausted. Night, Ava."
"Night, sis," she answered. "I'll be up in a little bit. I want to watch the ending of this movie."
"Okay," I answered. "See you in the morning."
I turned and headed up the staircase that overlooked the living room. Ava remained on the couch, but she was only half paying attention to the movie that was on the TV. Her eyes were pretty much glued to her phone.
I reached the top of the stairs and headed down the hall toward my room. I closed my bedroom door behind me and tugged on my shorts until they fell to my ankles. I kicked the blue cloth shorts to the side and pulled my t-shirt over my head. It was a hot summer night, so the cotton shirt was a little bit damp with sweat.
I unhooked my tan bra, letting my B cup boobs tumble out. I took one in each hand, slowly massaging the fleshy globes after a long day of being trapped in a slightly too small bra. Even though it was my own hands, my nipples hardened from being touched. Skin-to-skin contact always turned me on, and I could only wonder what it would be like when someone else touched me like that.
I had turned eighteen about six months earlier and was heading off to college in the fall. Naturally, I had heard the stories of wild college parties and casual sex, but I never really saw myself doing that. My parents are pretty strict and have always pushed the "wait until marriage" idea pretty hard. But more than that, my sexual inexperience was really because of my older sister Ava.
Ava had always been a good girl. She never really went out with guys, always dressed modestly, and mostly kept to herself for all the years we lived together. We were sisters, and we would talk about anything, but she would always sort of shut down when we would talk about sex.
"Not until you're married, Brianna," Ava would say to me. "It's important to wait until you find the right guy and are in a committed, loving marriage."
"But why?" I would ask. "Marriage is so far away. I don't know if I'll even get married. I don't see why it has to wait."
"It's the right thing to do," she'd reply, not offering much more of an explanation than that.
I never really bought into the explanation. But as much as I disagreed, I didn't do anything to act on that disagreement. I "stayed pure," as Ava would call it. Whenever I thought about a guy in that way during the last few months, Ava's words would always pop into my head, almost as if she were using my own conscience to judge me.
That judgment was enough to stop me in my tracks. After all, Ava was my role model, and I didn't want to disappoint her. I didn't want to be outdone by her, either. If she could wait until marriage, then so could I.
Occasionally I would touch myself at night after I went to bed. I'd slip a finger inside myself, gently probing my insides to discover new sensations. But even then I felt like Ava wouldn't approve, so I would stop almost as quickly as I started, never coming close to that magical orgasmic release.
Maybe all that would change during college. I'd be on my own and away from home. I could do what I wanted and decide what was right for me. Maybe I'd find a cute guy and let him bring me over the edge for the first time as we collapsed into each other's arms after a long study session. That's what I was secretly hoping for, at least.
But for now, with Ava so close by, I just couldn't bring myself to do anything she'd disapprove of.
Between the summer warmth and the heat of desire that was building inside me, I decided to take a cold shower. I pulled my simple white panties down to the ground and set them aside. I ran my fingers through the thick jungle of dark brown hair that covered my mons.
That was another thing Ava was always adamant about. She disapproved of being clean shaven, or of shaving anything at all really.
"Why do you want to look like those hairless harlots in porn movies?" she'd ask me. "If we weren't supposed to have hair down there, then why would it grow in the first place?"
"I just think it would feel better and cleaner," I would respond, shrugging casually.
"It wouldn't," she'd say. "It would itch and burn and leave you exposed. Things should be left the way they naturally are."
Eventually, I stopped arguing with her. But because I looked up to her and took on her standards as my own, I never dared to trim my pubic hair. So it grew more and more, becoming this coarse tangle of fur that covered my entire pubic area. I didn't mind in the winter, but it was warm on summer nights like this one.
I let my fingers continue running through the curls. My hands moved up and down, forward and back, occasionally brushing against the top of my sex lips. My body shuddered a bit at the sensation.
I decided I had to knock it off and headed to the bathroom. I turned the shower on and looked at my face in the mirror as the water heated up. I thought I was pretty, but who knew what all those college boys would think in the fall.
I hopped in the shower and washed myself from head to toe. When I was done, I toweled off and headed to my bedroom. I grabbed a simple pair of light blue panties from my dresser along with an old t-shirt from a half marathon I had run earlier that year. I pulled the panties up my legs until they covered my crotch and my bum, and the t-shirt soon followed to cover my top half.
I was about to shut my bedroom door but decided against it in hopes that a crossbreeze from my open windows to the hallway would keep the room cool. Turning off the lights, I slid into my bed and scrolled through social media.
The house was quiet for the most part until I heard the sound of a door gently closing about thirty minutes later.
"Shhhh," a voice said in a muffled whisper.
"Sorry," said another more masculine voice.
My body was frozen. My parents were away for a short vacation, so there wasn't supposed to be anyone in the house but Ava and me. I silently hoped the noise wasn't an intruder and was just my mind playing tricks on me.
"Is anyone home?" the masculine voice asked.
"Just Brianna," said the other. "But don't worry. She's long asleep by now."
I recognized the voice. It was just Ava. My heartbeat slowed and my fear disappeared. No big deal, I thought.
But then I wondered, who was she bringing home at well after midnight? Ava never brought anyone over to the house, and certainly not boys. All I could do was listen and try to figure out what was going on.
"Mmmm," Ava's voice continued. "Did you miss me, Scott?"
"You know I did," he replied. "Did you miss me?"
"How about you come over here and find out," Ava whispered back.
The talking was soon replaced by the rustling of clothes and the subtle sound of lips coming together in harmony.
"I guess you did miss me," Scott said, a little more loudly than before.
"Will you keep your voice down?" Ava replied, almost instantaneously.
"Sorry," he croaked.
The rustling continued along with the kissing. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. This wasn't like Ava. There was no way this was the same girl I had grown up with, the shy girl who couldn't even talk about a boy without becoming visibly uncomfortable.
Maybe her first year of college had changed her. Maybe she had finally loosened up a little. But this was Ava, and from what I was hearing, it sounded almost a little too loose, at least for her.
I felt a little bit guilty. I was sitting there in the dark just listening to my sister make out with some boy I knew nothing about. It felt wrong. Just go to sleep, I said to myself.
But I couldn't go to sleep. I was curious - about who this guy was, about who my sister had become, and about what was going on downstairs.
My curiosity got the better of me. I silently rose to my feet and crept out of my room toward the staircase. I crept down a few steps so I could get a better view of what was going on in the living room, and I peeked through the opening under the railing.
There they were, eyes closed, hands all over each other, mouths glued together in seductive delight. Ava's dark brown hair was in a bun on top of her head, and she was still wearing the athletic shorts and t-shirt from earlier that night.
Scott was about average height for a college boy. He had light brown hair that was carefully groomed and amply sized muscles on his arms and legs. From what I could make out from a distance, he was an attractive boy.
I continued to watch in silence.
Scott's hands started moving to Ava's chest. He ran his hands over her boobs from outside her t-shirt. Ava kissed him more passionately in response.
Scott took the hint. He reached a hand under Ava's shirt and returned it to roughly the same place it had been a few seconds earlier. The second hand followed as he groped his way around my sister's boobs.
He reached around her back and fumbled with something for several seconds. Oh my God, I thought. He was taking off her bra. And she was letting him. Who was this girl on the couch?
Soon enough, he figured out the hook. He lifted Ava's t-shirt over her head, their lips separating only for a brief instant to allow the t-shirt to come off. The bra followed.
I couldn't believe it. Ava - shy, innocent Ava - was topless in our living room with a guy touching her boobs. I hadn't seen my sister naked in quite awhile. For whatever reason, it just wasn't something we did.
Her boobs were bigger than I remembered. She had short, stubby nipples and wide areolas, both dark pink in color. They must have been bigger than mine. If I had to guess, I'd say they were a C cup, but it was hard to tell from afar.
Scott was definitely enjoying them. He reached for her right boob with his left hand and took the hard nipple between his fingers. He squeezed it. It must've been hard, because Ava let out a small moan. Scott smiled and repeated the process with her other nipple. Ava moaned again, a little louder this time.
"You like when I play with your tits, don't you Ava?" Scott cooed.
"You know I do," she whispered. "I want you to suck them, Scott."
Needing no more encouragement than that, Scott dipped his head to her boobs and took each nipple in his mouth, one at a time. He sloppily sucked on Ava's boobs as she let out the occasional squeal. She certainly seemed to be enjoying this.
My own nipples began to harden and push against the cotton fabric of my t-shirt. I wanted to touch them, but I couldn't risk exposing my hiding spot if I got worked up and made noises of my own.
I don't know what turned me on more - seeing two people being intimate with each other so close to my eyes, or seeing my sister half naked getting her nipples sucked. It's not like I was attracted to my sister or anything. But there was something about watching Ava letting loose that made my voyeuristic adventure even more exciting.
Ava ran her hands through Scott's hair as he continued to suck on her boobs. He alternated back and forth between them, which let me sneak quick glimpses at how swollen her nipples had become. I could only imagine the sensations she was feeling.
Scott pulled back from her boobs and their mouths met again. He let his hands wander down to my sister's butt, where he cupped both of her cheeks outside her shorts. He gave each cheek a little squeeze as they kissed, and Ava began to open her mouth to Scott.
I saw his tongue push forward into her mouth. She received it anxiously and let him probe her gently. Scott ran his hands up and down my sister's bum and lower back, every so often trying to sneak his way into her shorts.
Ava pulled back and looked at him. I wondered if this was going to be the end, if he had pushed as far as she was willing to go. But it wasn't.
"Sit back," Ava whispered.
Scott complied. Ava unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts, exposing a pair of dark boxers that did little to conceal his hardening dick. Ava pulled his shorts and boxers down to his ankles with one swift tug. Scott's member sprang to attention.
He sat on the couch with his legs hanging off and his feet on the ground. Ava knelt in front of him and took hold of his stiff sex.
"You don't have to, Ava," Scott said.
"I want to," she answered.
"But remember what happened last time."
"I know. I'll take it slow."
"You're sure?"
"I'm sure."
Ava's mouth descended onto Scott's penis. My sister's lips wrapped around his thickness as she slowly worked her mouth further down his shaft. She paused for a second, almost as if to let her mouth grow accustomed to its new guest.
Then her head began bobbing up and down, slowly at first but increasing in speed with each passing second.
"Oh shit, Ava," Scott groaned. "That feels so good."
I couldn't be sure, but I thought I caught a glimpse of a smile forming at the corner of Ava's mouth.
There my sister was, boobs hanging out and some guy's dick in her mouth. This was not the Ava I knew. I felt abandoned, almost as if I had been left in a world of chastity while she was giving a guy a blowjob in my living room. More than that, I felt annoyed that she had preached modesty for all these years and was now doing this. It felt hypocritical.
But at the same time, I was proud of her. She was coming out of her shell in a way I never expected. And as much as it felt like I should let her have this private moment to herself, I just couldn't look away. My big sister was sucking a guy's dick. That was too good not to watch.
Ava worked diligently. She had a good rhythm going now, and Scott's eyes were closed as he enjoyed the attention his swollen member was getting.
My sister began stroking the base of Scott's shaft while her mouth bobbed up and down along his length. Scott groaned in response.
"Slow down, Ava," he said. "I'm getting close."
Ava did as she was told. She removed her hand and slowly moved her mouth up and down a few more times. Then, all of a sudden, she stopped and removed her mouth.
"I said slow, not stop," Scott said.
"I want more," Ava replied.
Scott looked at her quizzically. Coated with Ava's spit, his penis glistened in the shadowy light.
"What do you mean by more?" he asked.
"I want it all."
"You don't mean..." his voice trailed off.
"Yes," she said meekly. "I want it."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure."
"We don't have to rush it, Ava."
"I know. But I'm sure this time."
"Really, it's okay if you want to wait."
"Shut up, Scott," my sister replied, a bit more forcefully this time. "I want you to fuck me."
My jaw dropped. Ava never cursed, and I definitely had never heard her say "fuck" before. The worst thing she had ever said around me was "damn it," and she apologized to me right after it happened.
I was shocked by more than her words. My sister just told a boy she wanted him to take her virginity. I at least thought she was still a virgin, but she had surprised me in more ways than one, so I couldn't be sure anymore.
Virgin or not, my sister was going to have sex tonight. She was going to sleep with a boy whose dick she had just sucked on my parents' couch. The whole thing felt like a dream - a vivid, sexy dream.
Scott sat on the couch with his feet firmly on the ground. He made sure every article of clothing had been removed from his body, and his hard penis stuck straight up into the air. His pink tip looked so soft yet so hard at the same time.
He pulled on Ava's shorts, which fell to the floor with ease. All that remained were her dark blue undies with white polka dots. Scott pulled those down, too, and they joined her shorts in their resting place on the carpet.
From my vantage point, all I could see was Ava's backside. My sister's butt was on full display. She had large, round cheeks that jiggled as she moved. I had never thought of my sister as a sexual being before, but looking at her in this moment, I thought she looked sexy. I was almost ashamed to admit it to myself. After all, she was my sister. But I couldn't deny how attractive her body appeared as she stood there naked in the middle of the night.
Ava straddled Scott and leaned forward to kiss him. It was a long, passionate kiss. She must really like this guy, I thought.
"Are you ready?" Scott asked, positioning his member at my sister's opening.
"More than you know," she replied, as she began to lower herself down.
Then it happened. Ava gasped in what sounded like a mixture of pleasure and pain. She reached the end of her descent and paused for a few seconds to take in the moment.
"Where's my cock, Ava?" Scott asked.
"In my pussy," she replied nonchalantly.
That was another shock. She had never said that word before. She never said as much, but she thought the term was grotesque. I could tell.
She actually never even called it her vagina. She always said it was her "privates," as if we were still young kids. My sister apparently had grown up a lot during her first year of college. I hoped that I could do the same in the fall.
I was snapped out of my memories as Ava began moving her hips. She groaned as she lifted and dropped her body along Scott's dick.
"Fuck, that feels so good," she moaned softly.
Scott added a thrust here and there, but Ava did most of the work. She made it look effortless. It was like watching a professional figure skater glide smoothly across the ice. I was mesmerized.
There was a warmth growing within my own pussy, if I even dared to call it that. I wanted to feel something inside myself, too. I couldn't have a boy, so my fingers were the next best thing.
I pulled my own panties down and placed them on one of the steps. I spread my legs apart and rubbed my hair-covered lips. The heat radiated out of my pussy.
I probed a bit further and pushed my finger inside myself. My insides were warm and wet, and my finger felt right at home in my creamy canal.
Ava began riding Scott faster. He began letting out small grunts, and she matched them with little moans of her own. I adjusted the speed of my own masturbation to match her pace. Although it wasn't exactly the same, we were both experiencing something new with our bodies that night, and doing it at the same speed just made the connection feel stronger.
"I want to ride you the other way," Ava said.
"The other way?" Scott asked.
"Yeah, so my back is to you. That way you can look at my ass while you fuck me."
"Whatever you want, babe," he said.
Ava lifted her body off of Scott's. His rock hard dick still glistened in the evening light, this time with more of a reddish hue to it.
Ava turned around, leaned back, and impaled her pussy on Scott's dick. It felt like she was looking right at me, but she seemed too caught up in the moment to notice her little sister watching her.
With Ava's legs spread wide to accommodate Scott's dick, I got an unobstructed glimpse of my sister's pussy. To my surprise - if I could even be surprised by anything anymore - her pussy was clean shaven. There wasn't the tiniest bit of hair anywhere near her crotch. Clearly she had given up on the natural look.
I could see her puffy pussy lips and make out small portions of her pink interior. Her pussy was beautiful, and I wondered if mine looked the same.
I immediately became self-conscious of my bush. I resolved to get rid of it the next day so that I could see what I really looked like, too.
Ava kept riding. She would let Scott push into her, then pull out, then back in again, then back out. Over and over they did this, finding a moderate rhythm that kept him grunting and her moaning.  
Scott reached around and grabbed her boobs. He took a nipple in each hand and pinched it. Ava yelped, but she kept on grinding.
I continued touching myself. I had two fingers inside myself now, and I used my other hand to rub the magic spot at the top of my pussy lips. I could feel the pressure building inside me and knew I didn't have long to go.
Ava picked up the pace. I could see sweat forming on her forehead as the heat of passion warmed her. She rode Scott hard, bouncing up and down as his length filled her again and again. Scott moved a hand down to Ava's crotch and massaged the small nub at the top of Ava's pussy lips. Ava moaned loudly, no longer trying to hide her arousal and clearly not caring who heard her.
And then it happened. Ava's thighs clenched and her hips bucked forcefully. She tipped her head back and groaned in ecstasy.
"Oh fuck, Scott, I'm coming," she muttered, her voice trailing off toward the end as the sensations overtook her body.
Then Scott grunted and let out a long "ahhhhhh." Ava, despite the orgasmic wave that consumed her, continued to grind on Scott's dick. From how firmly she was clenching, I can only guess that she was gripping Scott's penis pretty hard.
"Shit, I'm gonna come," he said, trying to lift Ava off of his dick in time. But it was too late. He let out a series of groans that must have matched the spurts of sticky white fluid that he deposited in my sister's pussy. I could see his dick pulsing and squeezing out every last drop.
I didn't realize it, but I was still touching myself. All it took was a few more strokes of my insides for my fingers to send me over the edge. The fire in my pussy consumed me and sent shockwaves through my body. My insides spasmed and gripped my fingers tightly. I closed my eyes and let the sensations take over.
I desperately tried to cover my mouth with my hand as I let out a small moan. But it was too late. The sound escaped from my lips and filled the room.
"Are you still coming, baby?" Scott asked. He must've thought it was Ava.
"Mhmm," she cooed. But she looked straight ahead into the darkness. I wondered if she could see me, if she knew I was there.
She lifted herself off of Scott's dick. A glob of pinkish white fluid oozed out of her pussy as she stood.
That was my cue to leave. I had to get out of there before they saw me. I spun around and crawled silently up the stairs. I slid into bed and remained motionless, but knowing that I had just experienced my first orgasm, I smiled. I guess Ava and I both experienced something new that night.
I listened as carefully as I could, trying to make out what was happening now. I heard the sound of running water, a flush of the toilet, and the rustling of clothing. Muffled words turned to full-blown conversation.
"Talk to you tomorrow?" Scott asked.
"Mhmm," said Ava.
"Night, babe."
"Night, Scott."
The front door opened and closed, and I heard the sound of a car pull out of the driveway and into the night.
I moved my hands to my crotch and only then realized I was naked from the waist down. I had forgotten my panties on the stairs, but it was too late to get them now. I could only hope that Ava wouldn't see them and I could grab them in the morning.
The moon was bright and illuminated my bedroom. It was a beautiful sight to end an incredible yet unexpected evening.
A few minutes later, I heard Ava climbing the stairs. She reached the top of the staircase and headed toward the end of the hallway where our bedrooms were.
She tossed a ball of light blue fabric into my room where it landed on a moonlit section of my carpet. It was my panties. She knew.
"I think you forgot these," she said casually, as she whirled around and headed toward her bedroom. "Hope you enjoyed the show," she called over her shoulder, as she shut her bedroom door and disappeared into the darkness.