GUESTS FOR CHRISTMAS
"The Twelve Slaves of Christmas"
Chapter 3

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of the story and don't rewrite."

Part 1: Early Christmas Morning.

Later, in the still quietness of the Christmas Day dawn,
Sebastian lies in bed and listens to the rhythmic, deep breathing
of the young slave peacefully sleeping by his side. This is the
slave who had provided him with the cool, refreshing drinks on
the veranda yesterday afternoon and whom Sebastian had decided
should be rewarded for his excellent service.

The slave was beside himself when Sebastian summoned him and told
him he was to be rewarded. His boyish, handsome face broke into a
happy smile when Sebastian told him that he was to spend the
night in his Master's bed.

Of course, when Sebastian finally did get to bed, he was a little
too `worse for wear' to adequately respond to the slave's
willingness to please him. Too overcome with excitement, he'd
drifted in and out of a fitful sleep but he was always aware of
the slave's presence in his bed. He appreciated the warmth of the
slave's body and frequently drew him closer. Somehow, it was
comforting to snuggle into the slave's hard nakedness and for the
moment, Sebastian was contented.

But now, as he awakens, he wants more from the slave.

Reaching out, Sebastian gently strokes the slave's smooth cheek.
He watches as the slave stirs and stretches and arches his back
raising his chest and belly up from the bed in response to
Sebastian's touch. And he is rewarded by the delightful sight of
the slave's rampant erection. Yes, Sebastian concludes this slave
is most delightful and worthy of his attention.

He'd not used this slave before but concludes he will make a
fitting receptacle for his lust. Briefly, he thinks of his six
friends and he wonders -did their temporary slaves get much rest
overnight? No doubt he'll hear about their exploits over
breakfast.

Sebastian looks fondly at the handsome slave as he slowly awakens
alongside of him. He considers himself to be a good master and
whilst he regards a slave as just that, he isn't beyond feeling a
degree of temporary tenderness to any slave he has in his bed. He
supposes this is much like the feeling one has towards a loving
and loyal pet.

As he feels his master's hands move down to his throbbing cock,
the slave wakes and gazes up into the face of his Master. His
face is wreathed in a broad smile and Sebastian is enchanted by
the young slave's charming naivety.

Sebastian lingers in his appraisal of the slave's body. The
handsome face is topped by brownish, cropped hair and his
lustrous green-grey eyes somehow complement the full red lips;
when he smiles, the slave reveals the perfection and whiteness of
his teeth.

Stretching his arms above his head, the slave exposes his armpits
to Sebastian's view; this has the effect of throwing his strong,
muscular chest into relief and tightening the pectorals.
Sebastian ever so gently moves his fingertips down the inside of
the up stretched arms pausing to tease the hairless armpits.
Sebastian is rewarded as the slave's body quivers into response
and he hears the slave's breathless exclamation of

"OH! MASTER!"

Sebastian wonders - Is this an expression of his pleasure at my
touch or is he begging for me to continue? The slave needn't
concern himself; Sebastian hasn't any intention of stopping. His
own throbbing, aching cock won't allow it.

As Sebastian playfully ruffles the hair on the slave's chest, and
teases the erect nipples, he watches the quickening rise and fall
of the belly and involuntary pulsing of his cock. A rounded pearl
of pre-cum, glistening at the piss-slit, is clear evidence of the
slave's desire. And Sebastian isn't about to disappoint him.

Looking at his bedside clock and in the interests of time - after
all he does have his guests to attend to - he decides to forgo
the usual preliminaries and get "stuck-in". He only consideration
now is how he'll fuck the slave - on his back or on all fours? He
is partial to both but in this instance he decides to have the
slave on his back. He really wants to look into the slave's face
as he thrusts into him.

The slave, of course, is comfortable in either position; his
training ensures this is the case. Now, responding to Sebastian's
command, the slave lies flat on his back and raises his legs back
towards his shoulders. Sebastian notes that the slave's cock lies
flat against his belly pointing towards his head and his scrotum
holds both balls in a tight embrace.

But it is the rosy-pink anus that holds Sebastian's interest and
enchants him. The sphincter winks a welcoming invitation to his
cock to visit and as he looks, Sebastian makes the improbable
comparison with one of the blinking lights on the Christmas tree
in the drawing room. The slave looks back between his upraised
legs, and smiles shyly at Sebastian. He waits expectantly for his
Master to fuck him and Sebastian isn't about to disappoint him.

As he enters the slave, Sebastian's cock is wrapped in a tight,
warm embrace and he pauses briefly to savour the feel of the
slave's body. He shudders as he feels the tightening
constrictions of the arse muscles as they first squeeze and then
relax around his cock. Soon he is driving into the recesses of
the slave's body and varying both the speed and depth of his
thrusting. The slave, eager to please his master, rises to the
occasion and begins to moan softly.

Sebastian looks into the face of the slave seeking to gauge the
slave's re-action. Normally this wouldn't concern Sebastian - it
doesn't matter to him if a slave enjoys being fucked. After all,
it is done for the master's pleasure and not the slave's. Yet,
for some unknown reason, he wants this slave to enjoy the
experience.

Perhaps it is the slave's guileless charm that attracts him or it
could be that he is imbued with the Christmas spirit of "goodwill
to all men" - even a slave. But then he reminds himself that the
saying is "goodwill to all MEN" and not slaves; therefore it
shouldn't apply to this slave, who strictly speaking is no longer
a man. Quite simply the slave is now no more than an object of
desire and a willing receptacle for a master's lust.

But looking down at the slave, as he sees the broad smile on the
open, innocent face and he hears the gentle sighs of contentment,
Sebastian KNOWS the slave is deriving pleasure from him.

He is glad- but puzzled - and asks himself if it's possible for a
slave to pay his master any greater compliment than to so openly
acknowledge the pleasure the master's attention is bringing to
his body - just as this slave is doing. Perplexed, he decides
this is something he'll need to ponder - but not right now.

Both master and slave are locked in a mutual ecstasy and
Sebastian continues with his impatient thrusting almost as one
driven. And as he smells the heady aroma of the slave's sex
sweat, he quickens his pace and is soon brought to climax.
Finally, as he noisily grunts his orgasm into the slave's eager,
hungry body, he is rewarded with a heartfelt.

"Thank you Master! Oh, thank you Master!"

Now spent, Sebastian falls onto the slave's heaving chest and
feels the accelerated beating of his heart. Sebastian likes the
quiet stillness of the minutes immediately following a fucking;
he likes to rest with his body in close contact with the slave's
own. Contentedly, he waits as his cock shrinks back to normal and
slips out of the slave. Then, as Sebastian withdraws, the slave
asks.

"Master! May I speak?"

Not unkindly, Sebastian gives his permission to the slave.

"What is it slave? What do you want to say?"

"Thank you Master." the slave simply answers,

"What for slave? Why are you thanking me?"

"For pleasuring me, Master."

Sebastian senses the honesty of the slave's reply and is
strangely touched by his sincerity. Somehow, he wants to reward
the slave. But how can he do so? Then, as he sees the slave's
hard cock throbbing from its unfulfilled longing, he asks.

"How long has it been since you were last allowed relief, slave?"

"Master?"

"How long is it since you last jerked off, boy?"

"I don't know, Master. But it's been some time since Master Olaf
allowed me to do so."

"I'm well pleased with you slave and you now have my permission
to pleasure yourself as a reward. "

"Oh, Master! Thank you! Thank you!"

The slave's gratitude for his master's magnanimity is heartfelt
and Sebastian is deeply touched by it.

"Then get to it slave, before I change my mind."

Sebastian is faintly amused by the slave's obvious joy.

Uninhibited by his master's presence, the young slave begins to
work his cock as Sebastian looks on. The slave is grateful to his
master for this unexpected treat and savours every stroke of his
hand.

At first, Sebastian watches indulgently but a glance at the clock
tells him time is moving on and he has his guests to attend to.
Not unkindly, he prompts the slave to.

"Speed it up boy."

Obediently, the slave quickens his pace and is soon crying out in
his ecstasy as he erupts, splattering his seed over his chest and
belly. Once more, the grateful slave thanks his master most
profusely.

Sebastian is impressed with this slave, who has only been in his
service for a few months. He determines to use the slave again.
And when the slave eventually goes to auction, he'll do all
within his power to see that he is sold to an appreciative owner.

But for now, he orders the slave into the shower with him and as
the slave washes him, his thoughts return to the previous
evening. He reflects on all that had happened in both the
drawing-room and the dining-room.


                        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Part 2: Christmas Eve.

Pre-dinner drinks

As arranged, his guests had all gathered together in the
drawing-room shortly after 7.00PM for pre-dinner drinks. Always
the perfect host, Sebastian had enquired if their rooms were
satisfactory and did they have any complaints about their slaves.
He was overwhelmed with all the positive responses to his
questions.

"Yes, the rooms are more than adequate, thank you, Sebastian",
"and, as for your slaves, well what can we say - really words are
so inadequate."

Sebastian listened as his friends' grateful responses tumbled
out, one after the other.

From the comments flowing around the room, Sebastian gathered
that the slaves had done all that was expected of them. He
listened intently as his six friends discussed the sexual
abilities of their respective slaves and they all gave vivid
details of what had transpired as they "freshened up" before
dinner.

He was particularly gratified to hear Jeremy's comment "My slave
certainly knew how to relax me after my long, hot drive out from
the city."


                                          >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


The Christmas Eve dinner with Olaf and his six closest friends
had been successful beyond Sebastian's wildest expectations. His
cook had prepared a memorable meal and his dining-room slaves had
acted impeccably; he was very pleased with them.

Throughout the whole of the meal, the slaves had maintained their
hard erections and as they moved around the table they had
deliberately - yet succinctly - displayed their bodies and
rippled their muscles in a ways that had both delighted and
titillated his guests. They had stood quietly as the six friends
played with them; smiling broadly as their engorged cocks were
stroked, their balls fondled and their sensitive nipples tweaked.
They positively purred like young kittens when the guests had
appreciatively patted their arses and always they had responded
with lots of polite, deferential.

"Thank you, Masters".

Amused as he was with this attention to his slaves, he
never-the-less felt obliged to intervene in these activities.

"Hey, guys! Could you PLEASE leave the slaves alone and let them
get on with serving the food while it's still hot? You needn't
worry - you'll have lots of time to play with them later. They`re
not going anywhere."

He laughed at the exaggerated groans of protest from his guests
as they allowed the slaves to continue serving the dinner.
Sebastian chuckled at their good-natured responses and was
pleased with their relaxed attitude.

Sebastian watched the slaves closely as they moved around the
room. Most decidedly, they were very easy on the eye and he could
understand his friend's keenness to fondle them. And he was aware
that the slaves themselves reciprocated this feeling - they were
only too eager for their master's guests to handle them.

In fact, they were obviously basking in all the unaccustomed
attention they were receiving. And Sebastian was delighted at
their willing compliance with his friends' expectations.

Yes, he was very pleased with his slaves. He reflected they were
a credit to both Olaf `s and his own training methods.

In fact, as he basked in his friends' praise of them, he felt
that warm, inner glow of satisfaction that a Master always
experiences when he is complimented on his slaves. He'll remember
to show his appreciation to his slaves as they gather around the
Christmas tree tomorrow morning.

Sebastian's mood was expansive - the meal proved to be a most
delightful one and his friends - having imbibed liberally of his
excellent wines - were all in a relaxed, jovial mood. And
Sebastian - never one to shy away from either a lively discussion
or debate decided to open up the conversation to his favourite
topics ... slaves and slavery.


                           >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


 A Dinner table Discourse.

Well aware of Sebastian's penchant for punctuality, all eight men
move into the dining-room precisely at 8.00 PM. Sebastian takes
his rightful place at the head of the table and directs them to
their places around the table. Olaf sits at the other end and
three friends are seated on either side of the long table.

Dutifully, the graduating slaves take up positions alongside one
wall where they stand at display and wait. Unnoticed by the
others, Olaf had instructed them to erect and warned them not to
let their enthusiasm `flag'.

The food is superb - the cook has really excelled himself - and
it is complemented by a selection of fine, local wines from
Sebastian's extensive -and very expensive - cellar. And the
conversation is lively and enlivened by much hilarity.

Over dinner, Sebastian listens with great interest as his friends
tell him of the news from the city. Even though he is no longer
part of the `scene', he still finds it interesting to hear who's
fucking who and as they talk, the time passes quickly and
pleasantly. Although now, as he looks at Olaf at the other end of
the table, he sees that all of this isn't of any interest to him
and he changes the conversation to include him.

"So, I gather you're all happy with your slaves? Am I right?"

He is answered by a chorus of "yes, yes" from around the table
and he continues.

"Then I'm glad. But I must give full credit for your satisfaction
to Olaf. He's really the driving force behind my little hobby and
I'd be lost without him. So on your behalf, I'd like to thank
him."

Olaf blushes with embarrassment at the round of applause, the
loud "hear, hears" and the profusion of "thank you, Olaf."

Olaf senses Sebastian's switching of the conversation is done
deliberately to include him, but really, he wasn't listening to
what was being said. Rather his mind was elsewhere; he was
thinking about Sebastian's sudden, unexpected interest in him. He
can't believe that it happened; it is something he's always hoped
for but never dared to expect.

He's privately loved Sebastian from a distance for such a long
time and has fantasised about the two of them on numerous
occasions. But as Sebastian's employee, he'd never felt confident
enough to make the first approach. The fact that Sebastian has
done so now has his mind spinning and he's glad that the table
hides his embarrassing erection.

Suddenly, he realises that Jeremy has asked him a question.

"Tell us, Olaf. What's the secret to getting a slave up to the
standard of these six?"

Thinking swiftly before he replies, Olaf answers. "Patience,
Jeremy. It takes a lot of patience and long hours of training.
Training a slave isn't all that much different to training a
horse or a dog. You need to be very patient with him. You reward
him for good behaviour and punish him for bad behaviour. It's
amazing how quickly a slave responds to this `stick and carrot'
approach to his training. So you see there's no great secret to
training a slave; as I said, it just requires lots of patience
and a not inconsiderable amount of training."

"Sebastian, I'm curious?" Adrian asks "You mentioned earlier that
these slaves are to be sold in three weeks. Tell us about the
sale? Who buys your slaves? Who are your clients and where do
they come from?"

"That's a lot of questions, Adrian. But they're interesting ones
none-the-less. By rights these six should already be sold. But I
had trouble arranging a suitable date and now they'll be
auctioned off in mid-January. As to who are my clientele? It's
pretty exclusive and they come mainly from the Middle East or
Asia. Young, white, Caucasian male slaves are very much `de
rigueur' in these regions. Occasionally I get a buyer from Europe
or elsewhere but this is very rare. Interestingly, the last two
sales have attracted some interest from Africa. It seems some of
the newly rich businessmen and politicians there have a great
desire to own a white, male slave. I understand possessing a
white slave is a `must have' in some areas of the Dark Continent.
I believe owning a pet cheetah used to be a real status symbol
for them but now it`s having a well set-up, heavily hung, white,
male slave on a leash that attracts the most attention. Owning
such a slave is very much the `in thing' for a nouveau riche
African. Who knows, I might have to expand my hobby to meet this
growing market. "

"What do your buyers look for when they're in the market for a
slave? Do they have preferences for a particular type of slave?"
Adrian asks the question but all six friends listen eagerly for
Sebastian's answer".

"Well for a start, the slave must be young, with handsome
features, possess a strong, muscular body and of course he must
be well-endowed. The buyers are most particular on the size of
his cock and balls. After all, a proud owner will want to exhibit
his property to his friends and acquaintances, won`t he? Then
beyond that, there is the colour of his hair and his eyes and the
amount of hair covering on his body."

"Is there a preference for hair or eye colouring, Sebastian?"

"It really depends on a buyer's preference. For instance, I
mentioned the recent interest from Africa. They seem to like
slaves with light blond hair and blue eyes - as do a lot of
buyers from the Middle East. I suspect buyers from these regions
see a blond slave as something of an exotic animal. The three
slaves I've sold so far to African clients have all been blonds.
But to be honest, I never have trouble selling any of my slaves
irrespective of their colouring. I guess ultimately it's what
appeals most to a buyer that sells a slave. I did forget one -
actually the most important attribute that a buyer looks for in a
slave - and that is how he performs sexually. After all this is
the main reason why a man buys a slave isn't it?"

"You mentioned hair covering on a slave's body? Is that really so
important?"

"Most decidedly so Adrian! Some masters like to have a moderate
covering on a slave's chest and belly - actually a treasure trail
is a desirable feature for many buyers; in fact they are very
much 'en vogue' at the moment. But then, other masters like their
slaves to be totally smooth - they prefer the glabrous look - 
and have all the hair removed from their bodies, even from around
the genitals and from within the arse-crack. Again it's the
personal preference of the individual buyer.  It's a fad which
comes and goes. Currently, it's running at about fifty-fifty."

"So what do you do, Sebastian? I notice those six over there
still have hair on their bodies." Julian asks, pointing to the
six graduates still standing rigidly at display - and mindful of
Olaf's instructions - still very much erect.

"Olaf and I decided at the beginning of our operations that we
would allow our trainees to retain their hair - albeit shortened
and tidied up. That way our buyers have two choices. To keep the
slave as he is or to remove his hair and make him smooth.
Actually, we made the right decision as our buyers have often
thanked us for allowing them to choose how to keep their new
slave."

"Sebastian. You referred to a slave as - and I quote - `an exotic
animal.' Is that how you really see slaves?"

"Yes, Adrian, most definitely! Look at those six slaves standing
naked by the wall. Do they look like anything other than animals
to you? Do you consider that they have the bearing or attributes
of a free man? I don't think so! Look at them and think about how
their spirits have been tamed and their wills moulded to Olaf's
and my own. What you see standing before you are six beautiful,
young slaves who have been trained to serve and pleasure their
future masters. They are docile, unfailingly obedient, and
unquestionably loyal and have only one desire - to spend their
lives serving a master as a slave must."

"And you're happy to do that? To take a proud young man and turn
him into a slave?"

"Why of course, Adrian. I haven't any qualms about it at all. As
long as there's a demand for slaves, I'll continue to operate my
little enterprise. But let me say this quite sincerely, I'm not
in it for the financial rewards. I do it because I enjoy doing
so. You see, it's very much a pastime for me - the same as your
weekend sailing is to you."

"Then Sebastian, you REALLY DO see slaves as animals." Gabriel
joins the conversation..

"Of course! These slaves no longer think for themselves; nor are
they required to," Sebastian adds as he warms to the discussion,
"and of course they are denied the freedom to speak. Why, even
their sexuality has been modified to suit their new roles. My
guess is that all six of them were heterosexual in their former
lives. Now even that has been taken from them and now they must
assume the `passivity of pleasure' - offering up their bodies for
the enjoyment of their masters. Those aren't the attributes of a
man, I'm sure you would all agree. So yes, Adrian, I do see my
slaves as animals. I see them for what they truly are; very
beautiful and expensive animals. Can I add though, that I take as
much pride in my stable of slaves as any horse owner does in his
stable of thoroughbreds?  Each of my slaves is especially chosen
for his physical beauty and the perfection of his body. I
wouldn`t waste Olaf's time or mine working on an inferior
specimen."

"I hadn't thought of a slave in quite those terms." Adrian
responds to Sebastian's answer.

"Then tell me Adrian. How do you view a slave? What status do you
give him?" Sebastian asks.

"I don't really know, Sebastian. I don't know that I've ever
given much thought to the subject. I guess I've always viewed a
slave as some unfortunate who has lost his freedom. But I still
saw him as a man."

"Then let me pose a question to you Adrian. When you retire for
the night and your slave is sucking your cock or you're
enthusiastically fucking him, will you see him as a man equal to
yourself or simply as an object for you to use and enjoy?"

"I take your point, Sebastian and I concede the argument to you.
As always your eloquence wins through."

"Well then Adrian, when you have your slave in bed, I would ask
that you to treat him for what he is - a slave. PLEASE don't try
to treat him in any other way. If you ascribe any human qualities
to him it will only confuse him and upset his thought processes.
Remember, it's taken six months of intensive training by Olaf and
me to bring these boys to their present level of understanding
and acceptance of what they really are- highly desirable pleasure
slaves."

The six friends are well aware of Sebastian's passion for debate
and they can see that he is very passionate of the topic of
slavery.

"What will happen to them once they're sold? How will they be
used?" Jeremy asks as he seeks to change the subject slightly.

Sebastian chooses his words carefully. After all, the six slaves
are within earshot and he doesn't want to alarm them too much
about their futures.

"They'll be used for what they've been trained for - pleasure.
Slaves like this are extremely rare and sell for a small fortune.
As you can appreciate an owner, after spending that much money,
wants to protect his investment and these six will be
well-treated and live in luxury. In return for that, all that is
required of them is that they please their masters."

Sebastian has been careful to paint a rosy picture of what awaits
the slaves in their future lives Of course, he doesn't elaborate
on the more unpleasant aspects of slavery. It's better to keep
them ignorant; after all they will eventually discover this for
themselves. How does the saying go - where ignorance is bliss'? 
Well in this case that is true.

"From what you say, Sebastian it sounds to me as though these six
boys will have bleak futures." Gabriel ventures, "I mean can you
describe being a slave as anything other than bleak? But as
you've already said, it doesn't worry you that you have taken
away their freedom and enslaved them.".

"No! Not in the least, Gabriel. Why should it worry me? Mine is a
niche market. I supply a high grade product to a very selective
clientele. And as you can see, Olaf and I have taken six perfect
specimens of young manhood in their late teens and early twenties
and changed them into six happy slaves. However, I do accept my
obligation to them; my job is to find suitable masters for them.
Having made the slave, it's now up to me to bring the two
together - I marry the product with the buyer, so to speak. When
I do that, then the slaves are happy and so are their masters.
And that`s the end of the matter for me."

"And you don't feel guilt?'

"Most definitely not! If I did, I wouldn't last in the trade; I`m
afraid it`s not for the faint-hearted. To be successful, you need
to view a slave simply as an item you produce for sale and to not
think about him too much. And before you ask - yes I do sleep at
night."

"Do they ever protest? Do they fight against their enslavement?"
Gabriel continues with his line of questioning.

"Of course they do - at first. That's only to be expected isn't
it? Wouldn't you, if you found yourself in their positions?
Initially, they are resentful at their loss of freedom and
strongly protest. But with firm handling, they soon become
reconciled to the inevitability of their changed lifestyle. And
it's interesting to watch them as they take their first tentative
steps into their new roles as pleasure slaves. Naturally, Olaf
and I enjoy this aspect of their training enormously. And by the
time we have trained them, the slaves actually DO enjoy their new
work."

"So Sebastian, do you wait until you sell these six before you
start training your latest intake?" Dominic asks, "Or have you
already started?"

"Usually, we've sold the latest `graduates' before we start
training the new recruits. But because of the delay in the sale
date, we have commenced training our newest batch of six."

"Where are they, Sebastian? We haven't seen them. Are you keeping
them away from us?"

"Oh, don't worry, Dominic. You'll see them soon enough."
Sebastian answers cryptically. "It's just that they are still
very raw and not yet ready to be presented to you. But don't fret
- you will get to see them soon. I promise!"

"Marcus told us on the way here that he'd sent you a couple of
recruits." Adrian asks. "How are they working out?'

"They are exquisite! I'm very pleased with them - and you'll get
to meet them later. As always Marcus's taste is impeccable. Both
boys show a lot of promise. But tell me Marcus where did you pick
them up?"

"Yes! Do tell, Marcus. Let's hear it from you?" Dominic adds.

"I first spotted them at the beach. I think they were off-duty
lifeguards. They were horsing around - boisterously wrestling
each other". Marcus laughs in reply, "Actually, their antics were
quite comical and kept me entertained for nearly an hour. Both
were wearing nothing more than their briefs and each was trying
to undress the other."

"Did they succeed?" Jeremy asks.

"Yes! Eventually, one was successful - the blond one won the
tussle. Anyway, the darker of the two ended up buck-arsed naked
and chased his mate along the beach trying to get his bikini
back. I have to say it was quite enchanting watching their
youthful exuberance. And I had a most delightful view of his
naked arse. It was then that I knew he was a suitable candidate
for Sebastian's special training. Unfortunately, I didn't get to
see the blond's rump. He managed to keep his bathers on. But from
what I could see, it also is a joy to behold. Am I right,
Sebastian?"

"Indeed you are, Marcus! Both boys can best be described as very
cute in that department - muscular, curvaceous and firm to the
touch. The only jarring note about them was the strip of milky
white skin where their bathers had covered them. Still, I saw
them working in the gardens this afternoon and I have to say
their hides are browning up nicely. But you'll see for yourselves
before you leave. And Marcus, you'll have to visit and assist in
their training."

"You can count on it, Sebastian." Marcus eagerly accepts.

"Marcus. Tell us how you recruited them?" Dominic asks. "Was it
difficult getting them up here to Sebastian?"

"No! In fact these two were very easy. The afternoon, I spotted
them on the beach; I knew immediately that they were suitable
recruits for Sebastian's training programme. After that, it was
simply a matter of observing their behaviour patterns and waiting
for the right moment to lift them. These were really two silly,
nave boys; they liked to party and to get plastered. I watched
their movements for only a week and noted what clubs they visited
and on what nights. Then it was simply a matter of waiting until
they staggered out of a club in the early hours of the morning
and following them to an isolated spot. There, my catchers
swooped and before they knew what was happening they were bound,
gagged and blindfolded and on their way up to Sebastian's.

"Is it always that easy Marcus?"

"Usually it's not Dominic. Sometimes it can be very hard. Only a
few months ago, I had a special order from a prince or sheik in
the Middle East, - Rashid something or other, I forget his name -
but anyway his requirements were quite explicit. I was
commissioned to find him a matched pair of blonds with blue eyes
and identical in both build and height. I quickly spotted two
candidates - brothers actually - but the trouble was they were
never alone. I waited and waited and had finally given up on them
when as luck happened they went to S-E Asia on a football
end-of-season trip. Foolishly, they went out alone one night
drinking at bars in the seedier parts of the city and I was able
to have them picked up and consigned to my client. Initially,
they presented me with quite a challenge but persistence finally
prevailed. I find alcohol is always a great help in apprehending
my recruits. It`s ironic isn`t it? How young men seek pleasure
and gratification in alcohol only to end their days as slaves."

"It's almost enough to make you swear you off drink for life,
isn`t it?" The friends all laugh loudly at Jeremy's observation.
"What happened to them? Did you ever hear?"

"Yes, Jeremy. In fact I did. I had a very nice letter from the
client telling me how delighted he was with the pair I recruited
for him. He told me both had settled into their slavery and are
now serving as ponies and happily pulling his rickshaw around his
estate."

"Fuck! Now that's the sort of pony I'd like to own." Julian
chuckles.

Sebastian had really enjoyed this exchange over the dinner table.
Never one to shy away from anything contentious, Sebastian always
ensured that such discussions are without rancour. Now however,
it is time they moved back into the drawing-room.

"Gentlemen, if you've finished your dinner, let's adjourn back to
the drawing-room for drinks. I have some excellent Scotch whisky
I'd like you to try. And Julian! Tell me, do you still smoke
those revolting cigars? If so, I have laid in a supply of choice
Cuban ones especially for you to enjoy. Although, I'm not sure
about the rest of us - being the non-smokers that we are. But
come and bring your slaves with you. They can serve you as we
talk.

To be continued..................
























