Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: David's New Life
Part: Chapter 4 of 6
Universe: Doppelganger
Summary: A young man follows his older sister's example 
to learn that lust and love can involve more than one 
other person.
Keywords: mf, mff, oral, 1st
Language: English
Copyright: 2010

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

In recognition of the help the fifteen year old David had 
provided in Ainslie's rescue, she had agreed to accompany 
him to his school dance even though he was seventeen 
months her junior.  As a result of a combination of his 
pleasant personality, her desire for companionship and a 
little alcohol Ainslie decided to make the reward more 
substantial.

David had asked instead to be allowed to taste her pussy 
and Ainslie had so enjoyed the event her cries had woken 
her sister Sophie.

Ainslie had convinced Sophie to let her classmate 
demonstrate his skills and they had been in the throes of 
a three-way tussle when David found they had awakened yet 
an even younger sister, Jill.

He was concerned her age could cause him big trouble but 
fortunately she didn't try to get involved with him as 
well, grumpily remaining an observer while she learned to 
pleasure herself.

The evening had turned out to be one he would - could! - 
never forget.

*********************************************************

Sophie was furious with David.  It had started Sunday 
night when one of her best friends called her specially 
to ask if it was true that she had fucked David Norton of 
all people.

She had denied it of course, not least because she hadn't 
actually fucked him!  Thinking back to some of the 
daydreams on Saturday she realised it *COULD* have 
happened if he'd only taken the trouble to come around.

As more people contacted her then and the next day, 
Sophie tried to trace the story back to the person 
originating the news - no! - "gossip".  Each time she 
only managed to ring a couple of people before one of the 
links broke each new chain without outright refusing to 
disclose their source.

"I overheard it in the coffee lounge at the mall."

     Both girls knew that the person she heard it
     from would have been sitting next to her but
     that didn't matter - unless another path
     opened that was it.

"I never said you *DID* do it, I just asked if people had 
heard what was being said."

     Trying to justify themselves didn't work
     either.  Sophie had no doubts that the gossip
     *WAS* phrased in exactly that manner; it was
     damning either way.

---

"Hey man.  I heard you got lucky.  Fucking two sisters, 
*WOW*!"

"What, who told you *THAT*?"

The gossip had passed on quickly and like most good 
stories had been embellished and retold to as many people 
as possible.  Thus people heard it from many sources 
which meant it had to be true, didn't it?  It also meant 
the people David questioned were quite truthful when they 
responded "It's all over" or "It's all out there".

All David could do was to say it was bullshit and that 
someone was setting him up.  Those who knew him, and 
indeed many that only knew of him, could believe that and 
the story died a little - but not before he had a call 
from an embittered Wayne wanting to arrange to beat 
David's head in for fucking *HIS* girlfriend.  He took a 
lot more convincing.

"I went out with Ainslie *NOT* Sophie.  Sophie went to 
bed when I dropped Ainslie off.  I said goodnight and 
went home - I didn't *FUCK* anyone!"

He drew another breath and continued.

"I don't know why people are saying I did.  I don't know 
who started this story and I wish I did because I'd ask 
you to join me in beating *HIS* head in.  Do you know of 
anyone who fancies Sophie and might be trying to break 
you up?  Or maybe fancies you?  No, I mean a *GIRL*! 
Sheesh!"

---

Ainslie got one call before David phoned her.  
Surprisingly it was Leslie.  "I just wanted to warn you.  
People are saying David slept with you and your sister on 
Friday night.  I don't know how much, if any of it, is 
true - that's your business, the three of you - but you 
should know.  Just remember he is only fifteen."

"Thanks.  He didn't sleep with anyone here, or fuck them 
if that's what they're really saying.  I appreciate your 
call."

"That's okay.  Bye then."

"Bye."

She tried to call David but the phone was busy - he was 
trying to call her.  He got through when he pressed 
redial.

"Yes?"

"Ainslie?  It's David.  We have to talk."

"Looks like you've said a fair bit already."

David protested his innocence and Ainslie eventually 
believed him.  They talked over how they should respond 
and Ainslie told David she liked the approach he had 
taken with Sophie's boyfriend.

"I especially like the idea of bashing someone's head.  
Now, have you told anyone, anyone at all, in the deepest 
secrecy or in the least detail about *ANYTHING* from 
Friday night?"

David assured her "No".  At first, doubting the girls 
themselves would say anything, David had wondered if 
Ainslie's house was still bugged.  He couldn't say that 
to her of course but he did check with Katie and then 
Justin, not accepting their reassurances until he had 
seen the recovered bugs.  The "gang" might not have been 
listening in but, had the bugs been functional, anyone 
nearby with a radio could have tuned in.  That would have 
been a disturbing result - especially if he wasn't the 
only one making illicit tapes - but it would at least 
have cleared up the mystery.

He and Ainslie rang off on the understanding each would 
continue to try and follow the gossip back and to keep 
the other informed.  Ainslie would also see Sophie knew 
their agreed story - especially before Wayne caught up 
with her.

---

Sophie broke the case.

One of the people on her "trail" quite openly admitted 
her sister had told her "in secret".  *SHE* had then 
passed it on with the same proviso and was most upset 
that her friend had passed it on again.  She didn't seem 
aware of her own role.

The younger sister was apparently a neighbour of Jill's 
extra-special-best-est-ever friend!

"Oh Jill... can you come here please?"

---

Jill didn't want to tell her friend she had lied at 
first; in fact it took considerable argument, blackmail 
and threat of physical harm to her self and finally her 
possessions, before she reluctantly agreed to her older 
sisters' demands.

It wouldn't call back all the versions out there and it 
probably wouldn't get spread past the first one or two 
retellers since it didn't have the same "oomph" as the 
original.  However it at least broke the link from 
someone who should know what she was talking about.

And they could do their bit to add that slant to the 
story.

---

Monday was a killer with all three issuing denials and 
singing from the same hymnal.

Sophie was forced to treat David as a non-entity, and an 
embarrassing one at that, when she wanted to let him know 
she *HAD* liked what he did and *DID* like him, a little 
- maybe.  Instead the only comment she risked making was 
to carefully apologise for suspecting him of boasting 
when she revealed Jill's part.  Since he hadn't known he 
was in her doghouse, the apology was readily accepted as 
her assumption had been quite natural.

There were those of course who flatly refused to accept 
the denial, those who felt that where there was smoke 
there was fire and that something must have gone on, and 
those who were happy to see Ainslie involved in another 
scandal - regardless of the fact that David and Sophie 
were also named.

It was awkward for all three subjected to the scrutiny.

Ainslie tended to be disparaged for going to the dance 
with someone a year behind her regardless of the truth of 
the rest of the alligations.  It wasn't widespread and it 
wasn't overtly nasty but she didn't feel comfortable.

David was feted even when he denied anything.  The fact 
it was even alleged was considered great sport.  What 
annoyed him most was he couldn't even tell a bowdlerised 
version to his mate Doug now since he couldn't risk even 
a slim chance of the real story getting out.

Sophie "enjoyed" the widest variety of responses.

Some were sincerely supportive, while trying to get "the 
real story".  Some insisted they had never believed a 
word, while trying to get "the real story".  Some asked 
"What was he like?", while trying to get "the real 
story".

When Wayne eventually met up with her and insisted he was 
in the second group when she knew otherwise, Sophie was 
disappointed but thought he might still have some 
redeeming qualities until in a later conversation he 
said, "But if David Norton comes near you again he's 
dead!"

Sophie, in a public cathartic release, told him where to 
go and what he could do with his willingness to listen to 
gossip.  Everyone then expected her to turn to David but 
there seemed to be nothing special going on after all and 
the gossip died down before their parents got to hear it.

It was then that things got interesting for David; but 
not before he had to face something possibly worse - his 
own sister!

-----

Ainslie and Sophie had found their younger sister had 
been responsible for the gossip.  Jill had had to retract 
her story and had been peeved when the others had treated 
*HER* as the big bad.  She wanted her best friend at 
least to know the original story was right - admittedly 
she had downplayed her own part in it at the time - but 
she waited until Sophie had a couple of her own friends 
over as well.

Jill told Paula to keep quiet and carefully listen to the 
conversation she had with her sister while Sophie thought 
there was just the two of them present.  Then she picked 
a time when Sophie was briefly alone in the kitchen.

"Why didn't you ask David over?  If he could eat you and 
Ainslie, he should be able to satisfy your friends as 
well.  Hell, I might even get a look in this time instead 
of only being allowed to watch."

"Shut up.  Is that why you blabbed?  Because Ainslie 
wouldn't let you join in?  You really were too young you 
know and still are.  Now keep quiet before the others 
hear you or you'll be sorry."

Jill looked much more frightened than Sophie had 
expected.  "You'll be sorry" didn't normally carry much 
weight as threats went around their house.

When a voice behind her said, "Er Sophie, can I take the 
drinks in for you?", Sophie understood why.

"Sure.  Here.  I'll be there in a sec."

Natalie left and Sophie turned to Jill.  "Thanks!"

Jill was meek and suddenly repentant, "Sorry."

Sophie grabbed the snacks and returned to her room.  
Charlotte and Natalie were waiting.

"Okay", said Natalie, "Close the door.  I can understand 
why you had to keep it from even us but now - out with 
it; and *DON'T* spare any of the good bits!"

Sophie gave in and explained as briefly as her friends 
would let her how she had interrupted David and her 
sister and how she had let herself be persuaded to let 
him eat her in turn.

Of course, that brought on all sorts of questions.

"Was it good?"

"It was marvellous."

"And what did he want?"

"Nothing.  I didn't have to do anything for him.  No, 
*REALLY*!"

Sophie hadn't personally witnessed her sister blowing him 
though she had heard Ainslie's conversation with Jill at 
the time.  She personally had certainly not returned the 
"favour" and didn't think it was her place to let others 
know her big sister was a cock-sucker.

"So you didn't get to fuck him?"

"*NO*!"

"What about your sister?  Did she?"

"No."

"I don't think I'd want *MY* sister in the room with me 
when I was fooling around."

"I was half asleep when we started and it just seemed 
safer with her there."  Sophie was trying to justify 
herself, cursing once again her little sister's mouth.

---

Jill had taken the hidden Paula back to her own room.

"See I *WASN'T* making it up - and I never said they 
actually fucked him - but don't say anything to anyone 
this time.  I think Sophie's ready to kill me now."

"But they actually let you watch?  Wow!"

"I even got to hold his prick!"

"I wish I'd been there.  I don't get to find out anything 
neat."

"Well there was one other thing I found out that I can 
show you but you really, *REALLY* have to promise not to 
say anything."

Of course that made it impossible for the young Paula to 
not give her word.

"Okay.  Lie back here on my bed and lift your bum - I 
need to take your knickers off."

"*WHAT*?"

"Trust me.  You're going to *LOVE* this."

Jill had been disappointed David wouldn't eat her.  
Finger-fucking Ainslie hadn't been a bad alternative and 
Paula should be willing to return the pleasure once Jill 
had fingered her to an orgasm.  After that ...

       - Jill never did get around to finding out
         what David was like.  By the time she
         was old enough to be considered eligible,
         she and Paula had perfected their own
         technique.  But that, and Ainslie's
         discovery of them in bed together, is
         another story.

---

Sophie had come to a decision - the only way for her to 
avoid being stigmatised was to no longer be the only one 
of her group who had had her pussy eaten.  Once it was 
commonplace, the worst that could be said for her was 
that she had been first, and *IF* it was commonplace 
maybe she would get to experience the wonderful feeling 
far more often.

Since she wasn't aware of anyone else offering that 
service she would have to enlist David's support.  The 
plan suited her outlook on life; she had always been a 
trendsetter, hadn't she?

Still she couldn't invite all her friends to her house; 
one or two were okay, they accepted her home life was 
distinct from her social life and there were far more 
important things to look down on a person for than a 
periodically drunken father.

Fortunately Natalie was willing to host a party even 
though she wasn't party to Sophie's nefarious plans.  She 
had no objection to letting Sophie include David on the 
guest list; Wayne had been specifically excluded so maybe 
Sophie was interested in having him for a boyfriend after 
all - this was one way Natalie could see how things 
really were between them.

---

Sophie caught up with David between classes.

"Hi David."

"Oh.  Hi Sophie.  How are you?"

"Fine.  There's going to be a get together Saturday at 
Nats.  I was hoping you'd like to come."

"I would but I have already asked Doug to come over to my 
place.  Sorry."

"Why don't you bring him with you.  Nat won't mind."

"You're sure?"

"Yeah."

"I'll ask him then.  That would be good."  He was a 
little shy.  "I'd like to see more of you."

Sophie, finally relaxed with him now she had a way out of 
her messy situation, answered before turning to go.  "I 
didn't think there was much more to see.  'Til Saturday 
then - 6 to 6:30 for a barbecue until late."

When asked, Doug had no objections at all about expanding 
his almost non-existent social life.

-----

"Come on in.  Hi David, Doug.  Go on through."

Natalie wasn't sure how Doug fitted in but she had no 
objection to him being there if he didn't go off on a 
tangent.  Still, since he was more interested in maths 
than she was, it was a phrase he would have been more 
inclined to use - and *THAT* was the sort of observation 
she was hoping to avoid.

The boys went through to Nat's family room - a large 
lounge area with a small pool table and an imitation 
antique juke box that allowed them to select songs from a 
range of reasonably recent CDs - it even had a karaoke 
option that was to feature later in the night.

There were a few others already there.  Sophie, who 
looked rather pleased that David had turned up at last - 
which made him warm inside and a little stiff as well; 
Olivia with Josh in possessive proximity; Lauren with Sam 
attempting a similar stance, but who was being ignored by 
Lauren in the main; Charlotte and Megan and Ethan, 
unattached and in control of the pool table for the 
moment; and their hostess Natalie.

"Good.  We want a fourth", Megan addressed the new 
arrivals, "None of these pikers want to play yet.  Do 
either of you two play 8 ball?"

David pointed to Doug; he was the better of the two.  
Doug conceded and quite happily chose a cue; he was 
partnered with Megan.

Sophie indicated the seat next to her and David sat down.

"Ben's on his way but has to pick up Helen as well as 
Emily."

David knew all the others and was made welcome.  He 
mentally ran a head count; fourteen with eight girls, 
reasonable odds for a young man.  Ben arrived with his 
arm around Emily and Helen followed them into the room; 
David and Sam replaced Megan and Charlotte at the table 
and there was a little eating and drinking (of the non-
alcoholic sort) and considerably more music at a volume 
guaranteed to keep Nat's parents away.

Bethany and Crystal turned up together and finally Roger 
and Will completed the guest list.  It had grown to 
eighteen but there were still two girls surplus which 
increased the unattached boys chances.

With so many, there was insufficient room in the lounge 
for them all and people drifted around and out as the 
mood suited them.  Some sat on the garden lounges, some 
stood and chatted while they watched the cook.  People 
mingled, sharing a conversation for a while then, as 
others joined in, moving off to talk to another small 
group of their friends.

Sophie took Charlotte to one side.

"Now's your chance if you want.  I can make sure you get 
some privacy if you want to find out what David is really 
like."

"What?!"

"Did you or did you not say you wished you had been in my 
shoes the other day?"

"Well yes, but..."

"No buts.  Ignoring the fact that I wasn't actually 
wearing them at the time, *NOW* is your chance.  You can 
disappear for 15-20 minutes and people will think you're 
somewhere else.  No-one will notice but if you leave it 
any longer the barbecue will be ready.  Go and wash up 
and then go into Nat's room.  I'll send David along.  You 
might want to have your knickers off ready."

"You're not setting me up are you?"

"Only in the nicest possible way.  Listen, if you're not 
going to get in there let me know and I'll have another 
turn."

"Well..." Charlotte had wished she could have found out 
what David's tongue felt like on her pussy, and still 
did.  "Okay - but if this is a trick you are so much dead 
meat!"

"No trick.  I promise."

Charlotte headed for the bathroom and quickly pissed then 
made a special effort to freshen up; the last thing she 
wanted, well high on the list, was for David to refuse to 
eat her because she wasn't clean enough.

She checked no-one was watching and ducked into her 
friend's bedroom, turning on the light and checking the 
wardrobe for anyone waiting to catch her.  She debated 
leaving the light on but decide the semi-darkness of dusk 
would be more reassuring.

Firstly it would preserve her sense of decency, however 
fragile that might be and it would hide her from any web 
cams that might be present - she'd seen American Pie and 
had no doubts that one of those at the party could set up 
something like that - David and Douglas topping the list 
of likely suspects.

That made her suddenly suspicious of Doug's presence at 
the party, he hadn't been invited to their previous 
soirees.  She was about to leave when the doorknob turned 
and David was there.

"Charlotte?"

"Damn the cameras", she decided, "this might be my only 
chance for ages.  Sophie had better be sincere about this 
though!"

---

Sophie had left Charlotte and sidled up to David as he 
watched the current 8 ball game.

"Got a minute?"  She slipped her arm through his.  What 
red-blooded male could say "No"?

She led him to a quiet corner where they couldn't be 
overheard.  Actually it was close to the jukebox speakers 
and Sophie had to lean right next to his ear so he could 
hear; her breath tickled.

"Did you like it the other night?"

David nodded, rather energetically, that being easier 
than trying to speak over the din.  It also made it hard 
for others to eavesdrop.

"Would you like to do it again?"

This time David took advantage of the proximity of her 
head; he turned and gave her a simple kiss on the lips.  
That and his subsequent smile should have been sufficient 
answer.

Sophie's next question threw him a little though.  "What 
do you think of Charlotte?"

David nodded and gave Sophie a thumbs up.

"She's waiting for you now."

David paused then pointed at himself and then Sophie.

"Maybe."

David got gamer.  He pointed at Sophie, away in the 
general direction of wherever Charlotte was and then at 
himself.  He held up three fingers and raised his 
eyebrows.

Sophie smiled and mouthed another "Maybe", then she 
leaned in and kissed his cheek before telling him, "She's 
in Nat's bedroom, second past the bathroom.  I'll see you 
when you've finished.

With a shake of his head to indicate he couldn't believe 
she was setting this all up, David left with another 
grin.

Doug, busy lining up for his next shot noticed David 
leave the room but thought it was merely a call of 
nature.  No-one else even saw that much; it was an 
advantage of having so many people around that Sophie was 
well aware of.

---

"Charlotte?"

"Come in and leave the light off."  She moved to 
intercept him in the sudden darkness as the door closed.  
It was light enough to see where he was but little else.

David's hands rested on Charlotte's arms, sliding up and 
down her bare skin as he tried to work out what to do 
first.

"You do want this?"  David's earlier bravado had 
diminished somewhat; he was fearful of having her 
suddenly screaming "Rape".  He didn't think it likely but 
what Sophie had led Charlotte to expect might be quite 
different from his understanding.

"I would like you to eat my pussy please."

Charlotte couldn't believe she had come right out and 
said it; was this when everyone jumped out and called her 
a slut?

"I would like to do that too."

David's hands continued up over Charlotte's shoulders to 
cup her jaw while he leaned in to kiss her.  Their lips 
brushed against one another and then they nibbled.  
Passions gently built and soon their tongues were 
involved, just the tips as they got more comfortable and 
then with more vigour.

David's hands slid behind Charlotte's head and her back, 
one holding her mouth to his while the other journeyed 
southward.  He remembered a tip and moved his mouth 
across her cheek with a series of little pecks until he 
could kiss the side of her neck.

"No marks please."  Charlotte knew her parents would 
raise both an unbelievable fuss and an inconvenient 
stream of questions if she came home with a hickey.  The 
others at the party would be just as likely to stir her 
up which was, perhaps, even more daunting considering 
David's recent reputed behaviour.

David was caressing Charlotte's butt with one hand now, 
the other in the middle of her back to keep her close 
while he continued to massage her neck with his mouth.  
Charlotte was warming to his touch - it was time.

David straightened and found her mouth with his.  He 
pressed their lips firmly together as his hands met in 
the middle of her butt before sliding around to hold her 
hips.  He pulled her body against his own and Charlotte 
could feel his arousal pressing against her mound.

It was a little frightening for her to suddenly realise 
she was similarly aroused; her body yearning for an 
activity she was not yet psyched up for.  She realised 
how easily she could end up pinned under his thrusting 
body and half wished they were somewhere where that might 
have been an option.

She felt David's thumbs incise a line over her hips as 
they trailed down her skirt.  He reached the hem and as 
his fingertips slid under the edge it was her hands that 
held his mouth against hers and her tongue that sought 
his.

David had wanted to be reassuring, to take things slowly 
so that Charlotte had every opportunity to say no if she 
wished, and every opportunity for her anticipation to 
build.  Her responses gave him encouragement at every 
step.

The skirt had been raised to her waist and David's hands 
once again changed direction.  Again his thumbs pressed 
against her flesh as they slipped inside the elastic 
waistband.  Charlotte hadn't removed her underwear as 
Sophie had instructed, feeling that left her more 
vulnerable if it had been a hoax.  Now both she and David 
were glad she still wore them as the slow striptease was 
exciting for both.

David's hands were outstretched and there was air if not 
daylight between Charlotte's pussy and the soft doubled 
gusset.  The smell of her sex became more noticeable in 
the still room.

David gave her one last kiss, for now, and Charlotte 
followed his mouth for a second, bending her neck as he 
bent his knee.  He planted a smooching kiss over the 
approximate site of her nipple - perhaps he would find 
out how close one day - before resting his cheek against 
her belly as he removed her underwear from one foot and 
then the other.

"I'll look after these in case we have to leave in a 
hurry.  Don't worry, you'll get them back."

Charlotte thought it amusing he would thing that *THAT* 
would be her number one concern at the moment.  Her pussy 
was damp if not dripping, she was standing half-naked in 
her friend's bedroom - with a door that didn't lock, over 
a dozen friends and two parents in the house and a boy 
leaning against her who was about to stick his tongue up 
her cunt.  Yes, it would really be important to her to 
get those knickers back.

Charlotte was eager to get things underway; she was ready 
and the longer they stayed in there, the more likely they 
were to be interrupted.

She offered no resistance when he eased her back a step 
and then sat her on the bed.  Indeed, she spread her legs 
wide, offering herself to him though he could only tell 
by touch, the dark patch of hair barely noticeable on a 
body that was mainly shadows.

Charlotte hadn't viewed herself as being on offer to 
David though.  This was to be a limited opportunity for 
him to show her what he could do.  That had changed 
slightly once he had started and she couldn't be sure how 
she might feel afterwards.

David started by sliding his palms up Charlotte's smooth 
thighs, his thumbs lightly pressing into her flesh as a 
tactile indication of the approach towards her 
unprotected pussy.  He could smell her excitement and he 
wanted to work with her so that this would be a memorable 
time.  *HE* certainly wanted to remember it.

His fingertips were touching her now; she trembled.

"Why was that?" he wondered.  "My fingers aren't cold."

Her pussy was warm though and he made one hand rise up 
and over the hair covered mound, his fingers spreading to 
match the natural fan shape.  The heel of his palm ground 
across her clit; the pressure spread over clit and lips 
and leg so it wasn't too intense.  Still she moaned with 
pleasure.  It was almost pigeon-like, a flutter but with 
a deeper tone, almost masculine; quiet enough to preserve 
their privacy, loud enough for her to tell him he was 
starting off on the right track.

His other hand curled leaving two lone fingers; fingers 
that rubbed up one side along the crease where leg met 
torso and down its mate.  He teased, moving as Charlotte 
moved to try to make better contact; he knew it must have 
infuriated her.

With his mouth watering David decided to infuriate 
Charlotte further.  He kissed her left leg, moving his 
arm under it in preparation for later.

The first kiss landed about half way between knee and 
paradise.  The second split that distance evenly.  The 
third, with a little hint of tongue, travelled along the 
last flesh that could still be called leg.  His breath 
stirred the hair over unseen puffy lips, giving Charlotte 
goose bumps as the skin drew back and each follicle stood 
proudly - as proudly as his erection that even then 
strained to get out of his pants.

David skipped the centre of attention and kissed his way 
down Charlotte's right thigh, each kiss doubling the 
distance from his eventual target.

David moved back and found a soft spot, fleshy yet hidden 
in the centre of her right thigh.  He planted a kiss, a 
kiss that drew her flesh into his mouth, the pressure 
building.  Charlotte had been anxious to avoid a hickey 
on her neck, the love bite adjacent to her pussy where 
even she had trouble seeing it was instead to give her 
perverse pleasure.

But as a reward for her patience, David's next kiss was 
centred over the entrance to her cunt.  It breached the 
fleshy doors and released the sweetest tasting fluids he 
had experienced in his short but extensive and exhausting 
apprenticeship.

His tongue went deep, a fat wet wriggling worm invading 
her body and Charlotte answered him with a sound that 
defied spelling.  It involved so many grunting aspirants 
as her throat convulsed it could have been some alien 
language or, not surprisingly, of some beast in rut.

David's tongue, now it had made contact, was the 
gentlest, roughest, sweetest, nastiest, most vicious 
loving thing Charlotte had ever felt and she mentally 
cursed Sophie for ever lying about not having felt its 
touch.  She could have been here, anywhere!, with him, 
*DAYS* ago!

She came while he was still exploring inside her; she 
came again as he sucked her lips into his mouth and 
gently bit down on their sensitive softness.  she thought 
she must have come again as the long sweeping pass ran 
from deep inside the entrance of her cunt up into her 
furry mound itself with nose and then chin pressing 
against her in contrast to the tongue's softness.

Nat's pillow had a circle of wetness where Charlotte's 
saliva had soaked in; she had covered her face, biting 
deeply into the foam to stifle the screams, screams that 
had still sounded loud and shrill in David's ears.

He had held on as her body bucked and her hips had 
twisted, rightly divining that she would have let him 
know if she wished him to stop rather than that she was 
simply trying to avoid feelings too strong to take, yet 
too nice to end.

The pillow lifted and Charlotte's voice weakly sobbed, 
"Enough!".  David rested, his cheek on her thigh as he 
had been with Sophie only a couple of weeks earlier.  
Charlotte's scent filled not only his nostrils but also 
the room, a fact noticed by another as well.

"Was it everything I promised Lottie?"

Charlotte almost broke David's neck then and there.

-----

Sophie had positioned herself where she could keep an eye 
on the door of Natalie's room.  It had been an easy task 
as no-one had been drinking enough to have them lining up 
for the bathroom where they might have been tempted to 
check on strange noises.  No-one else had attempted to 
use her room for a little one-on-one either; the two and 
a half relationships present at the party weren't as 
advanced in that respect as the very casual case of David 
and Sophie, and now Charlotte.

Her one interception had been of Natalie herself and that 
had been a mistake.  Nat had only been going to wash the 
grease off her hands after helping her father shift the 
barbecue away from some ferns.

She had left the bathroom door open as she washed and 
Sophie stood in the doorway where she could talk to Nat 
while being aware if anyone approached.

"I've arranged some special entertainment for you if you 
want."

"What?"

"What were you and Charlotte talking about with me 
earlier?"

Natalie thought.  "David?  *YOU'VE GOT DAVID TO AGREE*!"

"Shush!"  Sophie looked around.  No-one was paying any 
attention.  Nat had been the one most interested in the 
gritty details when Sophie had related her story.  she 
had also been the biggest wimp - unable even to show 
David she was interested when he had turned up that 
evening nor to ask outright if Sophie would act as a go 
between for her.  Now she was almost wetting herself with 
excitement.

"He's in your room now - I hope you don't mind - He 
should be almost finished with Charlotte and you can slip 
in next if you want."

Natalie wailed.  "I can't.  I had to wash up to help 
serve dinner.  If I disappear now my parents will 
notice."  She looked downcast, her hopes fading fast.

"Okay, well how about we swap.  I'll go in next and when 
I come out you can have your turn."

Natalie brightened up immediately.  She gave Sophie a hug 
and left to do her chores.  Sophie locked the door and 
took the opportunity to freshen herself up.

---

Back in the corridor Sophie checked once again that no-
one was watching.  Ear to the door she could just hear 
some muffled sounds.  She drummed her fingers lightly 
across the door hoping David at least would realise it 
was her then quickly and quietly entered the room.

It was dark and all she saw as she entered were 
Charlotte's legs surrounding David's head.

Charlotte herself had her face covered with Natalie's 
pillow and her eyes screwed up tight as David adequately 
demonstrated his abilities; David, with nothing to see, 
had closed his eyes - though not as tightly - and his 
ears were covered by the warmest, and sexiest, earmuffs 
he had ever worn.  Neither had heard Sophie's knock nor 
detected the brief burst of light.

Sophie just stood in the room, a silent witness, pleased 
that David had once again proven his worth.  Charlotte's 
body could be heard thrashing about though Sophie had 
trouble making her out.  She seemed to go quiet and there 
was a rustling sound.

"Enough!"  Weak and almost pleading.  Charlotte sounded 
exhausted but David could have only been in there with 
her for ten to fifteen minutes.  Sophie decided it must 
have been a very energetic quarter hour!

Sophie spoke out of the darkness.  "Was it everything I 
promised Lottie?"

"*YAAHH*!"

"*GURKH*!"

One was Charlotte; the other David, his neck nearly 
snapped by Charlotte's sudden movement.

"How long have you been there?"

"I just came in - I did knock but it seems you were too 
busy to notice."

David cursed silently - was he *ALWAYS* going to get 
interrupted?

Sophie reached over and flicked on the light switch.  It 
was unintentionally cruel really; Charlotte's eyes were 
looking directly at the globe and her pupils were wide 
from twenty minutes of darkness.

David fared a little better, squirming as he looked back 
down at Charlotte's now visible pussy.  It looked so 
cute!  He gave it a little kiss.

"David!"  Charlotte realised her state - not only could 
he see everything she had to show but Sophie was able to 
see it, and his actions, quite clearly as well.  "Turn 
off the light Sophie!"  Though they had changed together 
many times in the past it was a much different thing to 
be emulating a tortoise in distress.

"Please let her leave it on.  You have the nicest pussy 
I've seen.  It seems perfect.  Look Sophie, Charlotte's 
got the sweetest little clit - it's like a mountain."

Charlotte didn't like being put on show despite the 
compliments.  Sophie though, instead of turning out the 
light as requested, had knelt beside David and had rested 
her hand on Charlotte's bare leg so she could see what 
David meant.  She had survived her sister witnessing her 
nudity and passion; she was sure Charlotte would too.

"Oh it is nice.  Mine's fairly flat, nothing like yours."

David had personally seen how much his sister's friends 
enjoyed each other and they were mainly girls.  He like 
the idea of copying them - and may have made a start that 
very night.  Perhaps he could get to use the basement on 
alternate weekends with a general get together on public 
holidays.  He doubted the girls, of either group, would 
share his enthusiasm but he could dream and at least make 
an effort.

"If you put your fingers here and here you can feel how 
Charlotte gets hard.  Sorry Charlotte.  Sophie, remember 
when you were a bit dry?  I've cleaned up most of the 
juices, you'll have to get some more to coat your 
fingers."

Charlotte was letting them touch her without complaint 
now.  David had been caressing her thigh and nothing bad 
was happening - a little discomfort but that had stopped 
when she had flinched.  David was rubbing his finger near 
the rear edge of her opening and when he found moisture 
still present he spread his fingers V-like to part her 
lips.  Even that touch felt nice to her.

"Dip your fingers in there.  You can go deeper, don't be 
afraid."  David was getting harder watching the sight.

Firstly he could see the pinkness of Charlotte's ruffled 
interior then, as Sophie removed her fingers, the 
darkness of the cavity was also exposed.  He was amazed, 
the opening looked far too small to fit his prick in.

"Why don't you sit here, it's easier to reach in."

It probably wasn't but David wanted to see just how far 
he could lead them on.

Charlotte let him ease her legs off his shoulders and to 
then slip them around Sophie's.  There was enough room 
for Sophie to slip her hand up between her body and the 
bed and to plant a damp fingertip either side of the 
exposed clitoris.

"Just slowly work your fingers back and forth, not too 
close at first.  Just watch as you rub.  See the tip.  
Oh! It's actually growing.  Did you see that?  Charlotte 
you are so amazing."

David sat on the bed next to her and put his hand on her 
arm.  He had felt the shape of her body change under his 
tongue but humans are highly visual beings and seeing 
Charlotte's response only increased his own ardour.

"Sophie, your fingers are drying.  Just rub them over 
your tongue and coat them with a little saliva.  That 
should do the trick."

It certainly tricked Sophie.  Her fingers were deep in 
her mouth and the taste hit well before she noticed his 
grin.

"She does taste nice, doesn't she?  Now you've tried it 
why don't you have a turn?  I think Charlotte could stand 
to come one more time if you take it slowly."

Charlotte wasn't so sure she could stand it but she was 
eager enough to continue the pleasurable experience.

That hadn't been Sophie's intention when she had planned 
the evening; her friend *DID* smell and taste attractive 
though - it was tempting!

"Tell you what.  You drop your knickers and you can sit 
on my face while you eat Charlotte.  Okay?"

That sounded like an offer too good to refuse.  Charlotte 
found her legs lifted as Sophie straightened, then tossed 
from side to side as Sophie moved her knickers past one 
knee and then the other.

"I'd better look after those too!"

The positioning was more awkward than it had first 
sounded.

David's shoulders were too wide for Sophie to simply 
spread her knees; instead her shins rested over the top 
of his arms and, because she was then forced forward, she 
had, with David, to wriggle further away from the bed.

Fortunately the result was David now had room to breathe 
and Sophie's face had nowhere else to go but directly 
into Charlotte's puss.

Her first lick was very tentative; Charlotte wasn't too 
certain what Sophie had gotten them both into either.  
She could imagine (in graphic detail) this being the time 
someone would open the door and she would just die.  If 
it hadn't felt so nice before; if she didn't want more... 
well - she would have just left!

"In fact", she decided to herself, "I'll just find out 
what Sophie's mouth is like - purely as a comparison - 
and then it's all over and I'm back to the party."

She wasn't even trying to fool herself.

Charlotte knew if Sophie was even half as good as David 
had been she would be in here until the party ended and 
Nat kicked them all out so she could go to bed.

Sophie had been wondering why she had acquiesced so 
readily until David started to poke the tip of his tongue 
*UP* into her pussy.  She knew she had found her sister's 
naked body a turn on when David had eaten *HER* for the 
first time - a fact she only appreciated in her own room 
afterwards when her fingers traced the route his tongue 
had followed.  In reliving the episode Sophie had found 
that she had unconsciously noted exquisite little details 
about big sister Ainslie that Ainslie might have been 
horrified to hear.

Things like the way her aureoles were all crinkly; like 
the neat hamburger buns that had appeared when she had 
bent over while facing away from the bed.  Why was 
Ainslie so hung up about other girls anyway?

Sophie decided then and there that she certainly wasn't.  
If this was her one and only time to experiment she was 
going to do it properly!

David hadn't lied about how tasty Charlotte was, though 
his comments about the beauty of her pussy made Sophie 
wonder what he thought of her own.

-----

In David's house, his sister Katie was on her bed with 
her boyfriend Justin, alternating between sucking on his 
prick and licking his vagina (Tina being present with 
them), while he would take a occasional loving swipe 
across her pussy with his own tongue.

"I wonder how David's getting on at the party."

Justin reviewed his twin sister's experiences from the 
night before when she had "tutored" both David *AND* 
Doug, getting eaten and fucked by them both.  He knew 
just what it was like to have David's tongue doing what 
Katie's was - and more - without having been there in 
person.  His unusual outlook made it possible for him to 
accept the knowledge of being on the penetrated side of a 
good fucking without any qualms.

"I'm sure he will be able to cope if things start getting 
him down."

-----

David was down alright; pinned to the mat for far longer 
than a count of ten, he was still managing to put up a 
good fight.

In a room heavily burdened with the scent of lust 
fulfilled, three tongues were wagging.  Charlotte's 
however only varied between filling the gap behind her 
top lip as she pressed it against her teeth and running 
it over the outside of the same lip, usually before she 
gripped Sophie's head a little harder.  It really was 
getting too much for her!

"Sofe.  Stop please.  No!  I can't take any more. - Ta.  
Lovely."

"Happy Lottie?"

"Marvellous."

Sophie playfully twisted her fingers through her friend's 
curls as David continued to make her feel marvellous too.  
Charlotte did something similar to Sophie but she had 
longer hair to play with, albeit far less curly.

Charlotte began to giggle in the euphoria of having come, 
what, four times, or was it five?  She had never come 
more than once before and was hooked.  Her hand came a 
distant third!

David had surpassed all expectations; Sophie had been the 
more than adequate newcomer whose valiant challenge 
hadn't been quite good enough to beat the Champ but 
practice could change that and Charlotte was willing to 
hold a rematch at any time - well anytime but right then.

Sophie was gripping Charlotte's thighs more tightly now - 
David was having an effect on her, but it could be 
better.

"Let me get up on the bed now.  My legs are cramping."

David didn't mind a change; he was being flooded and had 
to continually swallow to clear his mouth.  Sophie lay 
down next to her friend.  Charlotte curled up and 
snuggled in against her, her head on Sophie's chest.

David went back to work and it was Sophie's turn to hold 
Charlotte's head tightly while her other arm pressed 
against Charlotte's back so she cuddled even closer.

Sophie hadn't thought of Charlotte's breasts before - she 
had never been particularly turned on by the sight of a 
shapely tit in bikini, under sweater or open to the air.  
She certainly was conscious of her own right at that 
minute though; Charlotte was resting on one mound and the 
movement of her head as she turned to watch David over 
Sophie's belly provided a counterpoint to the harmonious 
sensations that young man was evoking.

Sophie reached down and clasped Charlotte's hand which 
was resting on her stomach; she lifted it until it was 
over her other tit, putting it into place and then 
pressing on the back, making Charlotte's fingers curl 
into the flesh.

Charlotte got the message and began a gentle kneading 
through Sophie's top.

Sophie felt wonderful, in fact she felt herself coming, 
and unbelievably it was even better than it had been 
before.  Charlotte had turned her head and was gently 
biting Sophie's breast through her top and bra as Sophie 
lifted off the bed.

As David brought her down gently, and she continued to 
appreciate cuddling with Charlotte, Sophie had time to 
wonder.  "If this felt so good and yet so many people 
refused to do it, what must fucking be like?"

She wasn't quite ready to voice that request to David, 
though she made a mental note to get Charlotte's opinion 
later.  It was an attractive thought though.

---

The girls were content to lie there for a while and David 
needed a rest.  He had been at it for over half an hour - 
a solid thirty to forty minutes.  He climbed up next to 
Sophie and she pulled him over so he rested his head on 
her like Charlotte.  With the light on Charlotte looked 
directly into his eyes and his grin was infectious.

"Thank you for such a lovely time.  You're really very 
good."  Charlotte didn't have anyone but Sophie to 
compare David with but if there were better around she 
didn't know if she would survive the experience.

"I hope so."  It wasn't really boasting; David wanted to 
give the girls - any of them - pleasure and hoping that 
he was good wasn't the same as blowing his own trumpet.  
"I enjoyed it very much, with both of you.  How did you 
like your first pussy Sophie?  Or wasn't it the first?"

"No it was my first - but maybe not my last.  Charlotte, 
love... (And that seemed a more appropriate term than it 
had been before when used just as casually.  Were they 
lovers?)  ...you are absolutely scrumptious."

"I have to agree.  You have probably the nicest pussy I 
have tasted, all cinnamon and spice.  Sorry Sophie, that 
doesn't mean your pussy isn't delicious too."

"And Mr Expert has *HOW* much experience?  What does this 
make it?  Three?"

Sophie wasn't narked; seriously interested, she wanted to 
find out just how widely his talents were known and 
stirring him up seemed to come naturally.

"Seriously, and without names, I've tasted, what (fingers 
bent over in turn), seven now but I've really only eaten 
four."

Sophie immediately wondered who the fourth was but didn't 
know of Tina's existence so her guesses were way off - 
but that still left the other three less significant 
experiences.  She would not have believed one could be 
his own sister despite her earlier interest in Ainslie's 
body - it was one thing to realise you could look at 
another girl; it was something else (as she had now found 
to her pleasure) to do something about it; it was yet 
another, and one which crossed a line Sophie wouldn't 
contemplate even approaching, to actually try anything 
with her sister.

The count did pique her interest in one thing.  Sophie 
could cope with not being the best David had tried - 
there was no particular reason she should have been - but 
being second or third out of only three samples was 
different from maybe being rated seventh out of seven.  
Yet that wasn't a question she could ask; it would only 
make her look either vain or insecure and of course 
neither applied to her, did they?

Charlotte, better positioned at number one, was actually 
given a higher compliment by the increase in his 
"conquests", if that was how it had been.  She leaned 
across Sophie's chest.  "Thank you."  She kissed David, 
accepting the casual intrusion of his tongue as a loving 
gesture rather than as a gesture aimed at further loving.

Though the flavour was nowhere near as strong, Charlotte 
unwittingly emulated Sophie's sister, kissing David so 
soon after he had been eating Sophie.  He saw her lick 
her lips and realised what had happened.

"Nice?"

Charlotte quite innocently answered, "Unusual but yes, 
nice."

She had thought he had some sort of breath freshener 
until he clarified the matter.

"You should try it from the source sometime.  Shouldn't 
she Sophie?"

Sophie hadn't seen Charlotte's face but she knew very 
well where David had just come from - her insides were 
still all tingly.

"I think I'd like that.  What do you say Lottie?  Want to 
return the favour sometime?"

Charlotte may not have been aware but she wasn't slow.  
She was a little uncertain, if only because of how 
Ainslie had carried on about the other girls - she didn't 
want to suffer a similar fate.  "It might be nice."

Was that encouraging enough while remaining noncommittal?  
Apparently so.

"And how are you feeling David?  Hungry or could you 
handle another dishy girl?"

Sophie was fishing for compliments herself while letting 
him know others were waiting.  David deliberately 
misinterpreted.

"Three of you in here!  How could I resist?"

"No I don't think so.  People are likely to notice *THAT* 
and get a little suspicious if we all disappeared.  
Natalie's had to help dish things up but if you don't 
mind putting off your dinner for a little while longer I 
will send her along."

David considered Natalie a real treasure.  She was nicely 
built and nicely spoken plus she had a gawky awkwardness 
about her that was endearing to one who had not exactly 
excelled at sports.

Natalie was the person who would knock over a vase in a 
glassware store, who would bean the coach with the ball 
in softball, who would have trouble getting a straw 
through a carton of milk and end up with a fountain over 
either herself or someone nearby.  She was also a true 
friend and approached any of their ventures with more 
than enough enthusiasm for all.

She had heard Sophie's stories and couldn't wait for her 
own orgasmic experience.  The fact she was more than 
likely to turn back from the door four or five times 
before finally going through was just typical Natalie.

"Now she *WILL* be a bit nervous", advised Sophie.

"Understatement time", Charlotte amended.  "She will 'um' 
and 'ah' if you let her.  Better turn the light off; 
she'll be more comfortable at first - I was."

Charlotte had found the transition from anonymity to hot 
bitch exhilarating, Nat might too if allowed to start 
slowly.

"That's a good idea.  Just keep her moving along, not too 
much time to think - without rushing her - oh! you know, 
you do it so well I'm wasting my time talking."

"No.  Really.  I'm not all that experienced, no matter 
what you might think.  I appreciate your suggestions.  I 
certainly don't want Nat scared or upset."

"Okay.  We'd better let you have a couple of minutes to 
get ready then and I'll send her in."

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

"Oh sorry!"  Sophie kissed him.  "Thank you for yet 
another wonderful time, and your similarly wonderful 
suggestions."

"Wow.  I'm not knocking that kiss back but I actually 
meant these."  David held up two crumpled pairs of 
panties.  "I believe these are yours."

"Why don't you keep them as a memento?"

"I'd like to but there's a couple of reasons why not.  
Firstly people might notice out there.  I could see them 
when you were sitting down before - I would certainly 
notice if they weren't there but perhaps that's the 
effect you're looking for.

"Then it is possible that someone at the party *DOESN'T* 
have a head cold.  You smell delightful but it is very 
distinctive and you might not want people wondering where 
it's coming from.

"And then there's me trying to explain to my parents why 
I have a collection of female underwear - not that I was 
planning on starting one."

"Forget it - I believe you."  Charlotte took back her 
knickers and Sophie followed.

"Perhaps you would allow me."  David knelt and held out 
Charlotte's knickers for her to step into.

As he lifted them he leaned towards her crotch and 
inhaled then ran his left hand up her leg to just dip a 
finger into the crevice dividing her pussy.

"Still damp", he thought.

David continued to pull her panties into position and 
then gently passed his palm over her ass.  Charlotte 
rewarded him with another kiss before making a final 
adjustment.

David knelt again and repeated the whole procedure, 
dipping a finger from his right hand this time.  He got 
another kiss; Sophie was not going to be outdone by her 
friend.

Then David raised his hands, and an eyebrow.  Charlotte 
stood on his right, Sophie on the left.  His fingers 
glistened.  Would they take the bait?

Sophie looked at Charlotte and smiled; she took her hand 
in her own and opened her mouth in front of David's 
fingers.  He waited to see what Charlotte would do.

Sophie gave two quick squeezes - it will be alright, 
trust me - the message came through without the need for 
words and Charlotte received Sophie's offering at the 
same time Sophie devoured hers.

His fingers cleaned, David was about to sit so he could 
wait while they sent Nat but then realised there had been 
one significant omission.

"I don't think you have thanked Sophie properly yet 
Charlotte."

"Oh no, I didn't.  Thank you Sophie, it was wonderful."

Sophie had caught the subtle emphasis on "properly" and 
if Charlotte wasn't going to make the effort *SHE* damn 
well would.  She moved closer and said, "I enjoyed it" as 
her cheek brushed Charlotte's.  The words were barely 
breathed into Charlotte's ear and then Sophie turned and 
was suddenly kissing her school chum.

Charlotte responded, kissing Sophie as she had David.  
When they parted they looked at David who was every bit 
as pleased as they were.  It showed in his pants.

"Oh you poor thing.  We might have to find some way of 
dealing with that - give it some thought."

David finally sat down and the two girls approached the 
door, Sophie only letting go of Charlotte's hand when it 
was time to turn the knob.

"Turn out the light please."  He lay back and wondered 
just how many girls would want his attentions and whether 
he could find one who would accept a suggestion that she 
let Doug show his abilities; he *WAS* almost as skilful - 
though to be honest, that may just have David's pride 
since Tina hadn't actually graded them.  It was something 
he should have suggested to Sophie earlier; He couldn't 
very well back away now from someone hot and wet and 
waiting.

David looked at the state of his erection and 
concentrated instead on the periodic table.  Unless he 
took some time out in the bathroom, he still had a few 
hours to go before he could jerk off again.  That had 
been one thing he had made sure of before going out that 
evening since it made him less prone to a little 
accident.

Natalie's alarm clock showed the passage of time in the 
dark room as its phosphor covered hands slowly moved 
across the face.

"She should be coming in at any minute.  I'd better be 
ready."

*********************************************************
