A Night Out
by DanaLane ©

It is a beautiful night, and my girlfriend and I are dressed up in sexy 
night club dresses, with hot knee high boots. We arrive and through the 
door we go. The first stop is the coat check, where we see a nice, young, 
hot-bodied guy. It's funny because we know he is imagining us in bed with 
him, so we decide to give him a little show.

We start with a little kiss, and that gets a guilty smile out of him, but 
he thinks we are just playing around. We get a little closer, using 
tongues this time, and then I slide my hand up her skirt and caress her 
bare ass. At the same time, she brings her hand under my halter to massage 
my breast. We share a sexy smile as we blow him a kiss and walk away into 
the main floor of the club.

We move across the floor, dancing with a few people as we near the bar. 
Good, there are two seats next to each other. We sit and order drinks, I 
plan to get her to do at least one shot of tequila before the night is 
over. 

Then I move in again to whisper in her ear, "I want to feel your wet 
pussy". 

She smiles, and pulls my stool closer and tells me, "I want to taste you." 


We share a laugh and look around to see if anyone is watching. I point 
behind the bar, to show her we have watchers. 

I order two shots of tequila. I begin by running the lime down the line of 
her cleavage, following it with my tongue. She reaches around, grabs my 
ass and pulls me closer. I reach inside her top and tweak her nipple, and 
then I follow with my tongue. She rubs her lime on my nipples, and she 
moves her tongue down between my breasts to lick them clean.

We down the shots, and I pull her in to me and kiss her slowly at first 
while I massage her supple ass. I move my hand between her legs and begin 
rubbing her clit as she moves her hand down to my ass and pulls me closer. 
Wow, is she getting wet.

I insert two fingers and begin going a little faster; she gasps. Now she 
is getting real wet and begins stroking my clit. We are smiling now. She 
begins shaking as we start to French kiss again. I turn her around and 
pull her onto my lap, so she is facing the bar, allowing the bartender to 
see us cum together. She begins grinding on my lap while I stroke her 
faster and continue kissing her neck. 

"Oh my. Here we go, oh god! We're going to cum! Oohhoohh. Wow!" 

The bartender smiles and says, "Wow ladies; that was the best thing I've 
ever seen in public. Your drinks are on me." Nice, we share a sexy look; 
we are having a great night out.

Off we go into the night following our first show at the club; now we are 
looking for more places to pleasure in public. I think a movie would be 
fun. We arrive at the theatre still dressed in our best, and 
low-and-behold we are receiving looks already. We share a sneaky smile and 
I think, "We will have fun here." 

After buying our tickets, we found seats near the front where everyone 
could see us. We like this theatre because the seats recline. The movie 
starts rolling and I move close to brush my hand through her hair along 
the side of her face. I turn to kiss her ear and sneak a look back, where 
I notice two twenty-something men are watching. This brings a big smile to 
my face. She turns around casually, kisses me in return and uses the time 
to check the guys out for herself. 

"Wow," she whispers to me, "I am really wet; this turns me on like you 
would not believe."

"Me too," I reply, "we'll take care of that, now won't we?"

She smiles and moves her hand a little farther up my thigh to my wet 
throbbing pussy where she begins to sliding her long middle finger up and 
down on my clit. My breathing deepens as I lean back in my recliner. 

"Hey, hey look dude!" We can hear the guy's whispers from above. 

Then she inserts two of her fingers into me, stroking slowly at first then 
faster when I begin getting her hand even more wet. She leans into me and 
blows gently in my ear. I begin moving my hips now in time with each 
stroke of her hand. My breathing gets heavier, and she pulls out to give 
attention to my clit. 

I bring my hand up to cover my mouth, "Oh my gosh. I think I'm going to 
cum."

She smiles again at me and holds a finger to her mouth to shush me. I can 
feel it now, then I cum, shuddering against her hand. She stops rubbing 
when I begin to coming down from my orgasm and move to kiss her again. 

"Now it's your turn," I whisper to her.

She gets a light in her eyes, as if to say, "Bring it on." 

I kiss her on the neck, and move my hand under her shirt to her breasts. 
Her nipples are already hard, so I lick my finger and flick it around her 
nipples a few times. She leans back in her chair and I move my hand down 
to her pussy where I can feel the warmth already. Suddenly, I can hear 
whispers; they are closer now, so I keep my hand under her skirt and turn 
around. The guys have moved down a couple of rows for a better look. 

They smile as if to say, "Don't stop now." 

I look around for more voyeurs, and notice that a couple on the top row is 
making out and a few girls in the middle rows are watching the movie. 
That's when I decide to look down to the floor. Good, I think the carpet 
is clean. I drop to my knees and start kissing her thighs. She sighs 
deeply and moves her hands to massage her breasts. I move my tongue up her 
right thigh and slowly up to her clit. 

"Wow," I think she tastes so good.

I hear, "Hey dude, come on lets move a little closer, I think she is 
eating her out!"

"If she is then that was definitely worth the eight bucks!"

The guys are two seats over and one row up now. Her hand moves down and 
pulls my hair; she is moving her hips a little now, responding as I move 
my tongue up and down and in and out, of her now soaking wet pussy. I can 
feel her throbbing now, she begins moving my head up and down, rubbing my 
face on her pussy. I put two fingers into her as I suck her cum into my 
mouth. When she orgasms, I grab her ass and pull her hard into my face. 
When she finishes, she pulls me up and gives me a deep kiss, then smiles 
to the guys behind us. 

"What a great movie," she says as we leave the theatre. 

"Yeah," I laugh as we get into the car and reflect on the great night out 
we just had.

"Until next time," I tell her as she hops out of the car at her front 
door.

She turns, blows me a kiss, and off into the night I go.