The Housekeeper
by *Lady Lucia*

CHAPTER SIX

Jess

“Jessie, what the fuck are you doing?!” Hannah exclaimed.

What could I say to that? I was literally peeing in front of the rich blonde and all of her friends. Without any underwear on, as I was stuck going commando underneath the demeaning maid outfit, there was nowhere for the urine to go but the floor. A faint trickle quickly gave way to a nonstop stream, which was when Hannah realized what was going on and began yelling at me. “No- umm- I . . . ” I stammered. Every fiber of my being wanted to run away, but I couldn’t do that while peeing and I also couldn’t make myself stop.

Hannah seemed to have a similar idea in terms of what I should be doing. “Jessie, stop! Right now.”

“I- I can’t!” I exclaimed. It wasn’t until this mortifying release that I realized just how badly I had to go. Obviously I knew it was an emergency, but I had mostly been concerned with a squirt or two escaping when I wasn’t wearing anything to catch it. This was BAD. And, despite how much I didn’t want to be humiliating myself in such a way, I actually found myself slightly bending at the knees. It was a natural instinct, as going to the bathroom standing up didn’t work as well, and it clearly wasn’t helping me hold back.

“God, you’re pathetic,” she scoffed, “For fuck’s sake, Jessie. How old are you?? I told you to hold it.”

Cheeks turning crimson, I muttered. “You- you-” I was trying to get out ‘You didn’t listen!’ How many times had I told her that I needed to go?! But not only was there no excuse for a girl my age to be wetting myself, I also felt awkward about talking while I was going to the bathroom. Instead, I closed my eyes to shut the other girls out and prayed that this was all some horrible nightmare.

No such luck. It was at least a full minute of continuous peeing before I finally felt the flow begin to slow down. I should have gone to the bathroom when I arrived at the mansion, or before my shower. There had been too many surprises and distractions, and now I was paying the price. As I opened my eyes, seeing the predictable judgment and amusement on the faces of all the girls lounging in Hannah’s spacious living room, the one thing I hadn’t accounted for was the fact that all the teenage girls had phones. “No!” I exclaimed, gasping both at how many cameras were trained on me as well as how the puddle below expanded to nudge the sides of my feet at the same time. Jumping both away from the mess and from my blonde charge, I ignored the need to wipe both my feet and my crotch for a moment as I begged, “Don’t. Please delete those!”

Hannah just laughed. “You think you get to make demands? Please. Jessie, you just fucking pissed yourself in front of my friends. Putting aside the fact that you should really be potty trained by now, aren’t you a professional housekeeper? How do you think this makes me look?”

How it made her look? I was humiliated. Humiliated. And she was talking about her rich girl reputation? “Hannah-”

“No! Bad girl!” she snapped, “Until I say otherwise, your only vocabulary is ‘Yes, Hannah’ and ‘No, Hannah.’ Fuck it up, and the internet sees a fun new video about a slutty maid having an ‘accident.’ Do you understand?”

I was supposed to be her babysitter, and she literally just told me off like I was a dog. And yet, I just felt my blush deepen as I mumbled, “Yes, Hannah . . . ”

She and the other girls giggled at the immediate obedience, and perhaps also from what I had so recently done right in front of them. All I could do was tighten my lips and avert my gaze from the gaggle of girls staring at me. Being locked out of my room was one thing, but this fresh round of potential blackmail was something else entirely. A group of eighteen year old girls would be more than capable of finding me online. While my social media presence was limited and set to private, they could probably find enough friends and family if they put their mind to it. The maid outfit was awful enough, but I would absolutely die if anyone I knew saw what I just did. At least these girls were strangers, albeit strangers I’d have to see all summer.

“Stand still. Don’t move an inch.”

“Yes, Hannah.”

She whispered something to one of the girls, and that girl smiled and left the room. Then Hannah proceeded to have everyone else send their videos to her. She was conducting the whole process in front of me, but knew there wasn’t a damn thing I could do while she collected various angles of my mortifying experience. The blonde even made a point to loudly say, “Oh, good! You took pictures. We obviously have enough videos. Ooh, these turned out so well. You can see everything!” With that, she glanced up at me with a small smirk.

It wasn’t long before the girl that went off came back with an armful of things. The first things that caught my attention were the small bucket and the cleaning supplies. I was surprised she even knew where to find them, if these were all the types of girls who had maids and such. But then I noticed what was folded over her arm. It was one of my blouses! The pretty green one that I packed in case I needed to dress up slightly more than the casual tops I was planning on wearing most days as Hannah’s babysitter. Forgetting my directive, I blurted out, “Hey! That’s my-”

“JESSIE. BAD GIRL.” Hannah immediately cut me off, loudly admonishing me as she stood up and stormed over. Raising her hand like she was about to slap me across the face, she instead held her hand to the girl after being satisfied that she made me flinch. Taking my nice green outfit piece, Hannah offered it to me. “Wipe up your mess, Jessie. Right now.”

With- with my own blouse?! It wasn’t a rag; it was one of my more expensive outfit pieces. Obviously Hannah knew that her order was beyond insulting and insensitive, and I kept waiting for her to play it off like she wasn’t actually being serious. Except she never did. Her stern gaze and the silence that followed her words both lingered long enough for me to choose one of the only two phrases I was allowed. “No, Hannah?” It came out more as a question. I really didn’t want to ruin my pretty top, but I also wasn’t exactly in the best position to push back.

She knew so as well. Rather than yelling at me again, or threatening to do something with all the pictures and videos she collected, Hannah went in a direction I didn’t expect at all. Stepping forward with her lips pursed in a small smile, she reached under my too-short skirt with no warning whatsoever. Using my blouse, she gave a quick wipe between my thighs.

My eyes widened at the invasion, but Hannah was already pulling away and speaking before I could say something about her audacity. “There,” she said, holding up my nice green top so I could see the bit of wetness from how it had more or less been used as toilet paper. “It’s already dirty. Now hurry up and clean my floor before it gets stained with your piss.”

It was the second time she had used the more crass term, and I slightly flinched at both the word and the fresh reminder of my recent mortifying experience. That, and I was more on back foot than ever now that Hannah had gotten further than any guy had in terms of touching me. There was nothing remotely sexual to the way Hannah had wiped me, and her hand didn’t actually make contact with anything, but she had still gone under my skirt for a second. Not technically a ‘first,’ but enough that my virgin self was a little offended at the violation.

And, of course, she had waited until I wasn’t allowed to speak. I so badly wanted to tell her off, but I couldn’t. Not after wetting myself, and wearing what I was wearing, and being stuck as more ‘maid’ than ‘housekeeper’ until I could contact Hannah’s parents and sort out this mix-up.

I was supposed to be her BABYSITTER. Instead, my authority was absolutely nonexistent at this point.

“Well?” Hannah said. She extended her arm, pushing the slightly dirtied top into one of my hands. “If I have to ask again, you’re going to be doing it on your hands and knees.”

At that, I got moving. Blushing more deeply, if that were possible, I took my blouse and murmured, “Yes, Hannah . . . ”


I squatted down to get started, praying that the skirt wasn’t riding up too much on either side, belatedly realizing that the angle and balance was too awkward to efficiently clean. Shifting to place one knee on the hard floor, I reluctantly bunched up the nice top and used it to soak up as much of the puddle as I could while keeping my hands clean. It’s not like the blouse would be ruined, as long as I could get it into the washer as soon as possible, but that didn’t change the humiliation that came with using my nice outfit piece as a rag.

The girl who had returned with the cleaning supplies stepped forward and opened a trash bag at Hannah’s request. I carefully placed the soaked top into the bag, suddenly nervous that the bag would simply be thrown away. “I can take that to the laundry room,” I quietly offered. In a way, I was actually leaning into the maid image in the name of protecting my blouse.

“You’re not done yet, Jessie,” Hannah said.

Just like that, one of my skirts was dropped in front of me, followed by a few tank tops. All I had wanted was my own clothes. Changing out of the slutty maid uniform had been such a high priority, and it wasn’t lost on me that I could have combined the skirt, blouse, and one of the tank tops for a decent outfit. Instead, I proceeded to wipe up the rest of the gross wetness with my skirt and then took the cleaning supplies and used the tank tops as rags to scrub and then dry the floor. Each article of clothing made its way into the trash bag, but I knew better than to speak up again.

It didn’t help that all the attention was still on me. The room was mostly quiet, save for those hushed teenage comments and bits of muffled laughter here and there. I kept my gaze on the floor the whole time, unable to bear the thought of literally everyone staring at me as I not only served as a maid, but worked to clean up a mortifying mess I had just made in front of all of them.

The moment I was done, standing while holding my skirt in an attempt to keep it as far down my thighs as possible, Hannah spoke up. “Well, virgin, I’ve personally had quite enough of you for one afternoon. Bring us a fresh round of drinks, and then go water everything in the garden. When you’re done, clean up this room and finish what you started in the kitchen. We’ll probably be in the basement. The second you’ve finished all that, you are to come down and inform me. Got all that?”

I was stunned and embarrassed right away as the blonde so casually addressed me as ‘virgin,’ but she moved on too quickly for me to respond or even for me to dwell on it. Drinks, garden, living room, kitchen. Fully a maid, not even remotely a babysitter. And there was even less to do about it than before. Publicly wetting myself just added to the impossible dynamic I found myself stuck in without being able to call Hannah’s parents or talk to the girl without her friends around.

“Yes, Hannah.” It was all I could think to say. As much as I loathed being so subservient, there was the small silver lining that this would finally give me some space away from her and the girls. After what I just did in front of them, I needed that space way more than I needed it before.

At this point, I had resigned myself to the fact that the girls were going to be drinking whether I liked it or not. I had already refilled their glasses plenty of times, and supplied new cans to those that were drinking beer or seltzer. One more trip was nothing if it meant that I wouldn’t have to deal with any of them for a while. Still, that didn’t change the fact that it was wrong on multiple levels; allowing it in the first place, and then giving drinks with my own hand. But I did it. And, after topping everyone off, I retreated outside before Hannah could change her mind.

It wasn’t until I reached the edge of the pool area that I realized that being barefoot wasn’t ideal for the impending job. While the extensive garden had a main path, watering everything would require walking through a ton of grass and other uneven surfaces. I would have to be thorough, as Hannah’s parents would kill me if their beautiful landscape was ruined. Although was I even responsible for outside? My list of housekeeping responsibilities was as unreachable as everything else was thanks to how I was locked out of my own room. Plus it wasn’t even about her parents at the moment. For all intents and purposes, I was Hannah’s maid/housekeeper rather than her parents’ housekeeper/babysitter.

Watering everything took forever. My steps were awkward and hesitant wherever I went. The cement paths were hot on my feet from the afternoon sun, the grass was itchy, and the other paths required careful advances to avoid stepping on any sharp or awkward rocks. Also, I didn’t want to get burned. Taking shade breaks prolonged my exposure, but didn’t help with how hot it was. While the maid outfit was plenty skimpy, it was still a bit much to be wearing in the summer sun. I almost wished for my bikini from earlier. I had showered so recently, but the effects were quickly being undone as I felt myself sweating along the way. Watering wasn’t even that active of a job, but the heat still took its toll. And, finally, the garden was huge. While the hose was probably the best money could buy, with great water pressure coming from the faucet, I still had to thoroughly hit every single plant.

The job soured my solitude a bit, but it was still nice to be alone for so long. I had hoped that the separation from Hannah would give me time to think, but I couldn’t come up with a single way out of the mess I was in. Provided her friends left, and it was just the two of us, I’d still be dressed like I was without access to any of my belongings. Would coming clean about the babysitter thing at that point make a difference? I was in no position to be taken seriously, and had no way of contacting her parents. How was I going to wrestle back control when she was holding all the cards? And it was going to be nearly impossible to come back from having an accident in the middle of the living room.

Ugh, I was so fucked! For the second time that day, I considered the idea of simply quitting and driving away. Of course, the first time the idea crossed my mind was when I was under the impression that I would be able to return to my room and collect my things. Now? I didn’t think Hannah would necessarily force me to stay against my will, but she would certainly have her fun before letting me go. How much would I have to beg before being granted my things? I could already see her smirk as she made me dance for what was already supposed to be mine.

Also, I really did need this job. Nothing else I had looked at for the summer came remotely close to what Hannah’s parents were paying me. Somehow, I needed to figure this out. There was no way I could stomach being an obedient little maid for six weeks. It was humiliating, especially when she was the one who was supposed to be listening to me. For now, however, I just needed to make it through the day.

After finishing up with the garden, and praying that this wouldn’t be an everyday task her parents had assigned to me, I headed back inside after using the pool to rinse off my feet. While the air conditioning was instantly refreshing, as well as the quiet of the main floor in contrast to the laughter of drunk girls from before, the disaster of the kitchen and living room had me sighing in frustration nonetheless.

I had barely survived half a day of Hannah, and I had well over a month with her to go. For now, it was very much a ‘one step at a time’ mentality. So, despite my distaste of serving as her maid, I took a deep breath and got started with the next round of chores.


CHAPTER SEVEN

Jess

It was much easier to clean the kitchen without the constant interruption of Hannah and her friends. Before getting started, I collected all the cans, bottles, and glasses from the living room and gave a good wipe to all the surfaces. Being in there was enough for the mortifying memory of wetting myself in front of everyone to resurface, and it took a good ten minutes of washing dishes before I could feel the burning on my cheeks fade.

While I had dealt with an embarrassing moment or two replaying while trying to get to bed every now and then, like many people deal with at some point, this was a lot more persistent and way more difficult to push out of my mind. I was twenty years old, for fuck’s sake. And apparently that little phrase of Hannah’s as it rang in my head along with the rest.

Though I had showered twice already–once that morning and once after being shoved into the pool–I already felt the need to do so again. The slutty maid dress was more horrible to wear now that I had been stuck in it for so long. Between the sweating under the outside sun and the constant chores in the tight uniform, the thing was slightly itchy everywhere and my breasts were noticeably sore after being crushed for so long. I also hadn’t really eaten since getting in the car, and the girls had taken their snacks down to the basement with them. Obviously I was in the kitchen, but I figured it was better to have the room spotless before looking for a little something to snack on before whenever dinner was.

It wasn’t until all the dishes were done that I realized that I was alone. As in, everyone else was downstairs. While I had known that ever since stepping back inside, it didn’t truly hit me in terms of the possibilities offered. If there was ever a time to get into my room, it was now. While I was still very much outnumbered and on my back foot after the public accident, the least I could do was change back into my regular clothes and try to call Hannah’s parents again. Try to steer things back to the way they should be. I was the babysitter, and the bossy blonde was the teenager.

Padding up the stairs as quietly as I could, to avoid any creaks that might notify the girls what I was up to, I found the upstairs hallway just like it was before. Every single door was closed, and presumably locked like before. I wasn’t sure what the plan was. With no experience picking locks, all I really could do was aggressively shake the door handle. Plenty of kids I had babysat had attempted to lock themselves in their rooms, however, and I had learned that most inside doors didn’t lock as intricately as the locks designed to keep people out of the house. Of course, Hannah’s borderline mansion and the doors within could be made better than the average suburban house I was used to. But I had to try.

Bailing on my efforts to be as quiet as possible, I did everything in my power to loosen the door handle. The girls were drinking in the basement and being loud in their gossip and giggling and whatever else they were up to. While I still didn’t condone them consuming alcohol when I was supposed to be in charge and keeping them from such partying under Hannah’s parents’ roof, it was a welcome distraction for the time being. Perhaps it would even work to my advantage, as I could report it on the phone call and give them something to actually yell at her for. Pushing me in the pool seemed like too much of a childish thing to complain about as a babysitter, and the rest of it would be too difficult to explain.

To my great relief, the lock actually gave in. After nearly a minute of trying different motions to get the handle to do anything but be stuck in place, I smiled to myself as I was able to push the door open. Unfortunately, that relief didn’t last for very long.

“Jessie!! What the fuck are you doing?!”

Just as I was going to step into the room, my head whipped to the side to see Hannah standing at the top of the stairs with a hand on her hip. I hadn’t heard her in the slightest, though she would naturally know how to quietly take the stairs from actually living in the house. Still, I had expected her to actually call me if she needed me; I had been keeping an ear out for just that, so I could sneak back downstairs before she or any of the other girls realized what I was up to.

While her harsh tone instantly made me nervous despite how I was supposed to be regaining my authority, I knew that this was the time to make a stand. “I’m going to my room for a minute. To change.” Drawing whatever strength I could find, I made the effort to keep my voice from wavering as we faced off. “I finished all the chores, Hannah. And I need to check in with your parents.” The last time I had threatened that, she had laughed in my face. Hopefully alluding to it would yield better results than straight up saying it.

She just rolled her eyes. “Clearly you need some more training. I leave you unsupervised for one minute, and you go somewhere you aren’t allowed. Your bedroom is for sleeping, Jessie. Nothing else.”

I was tempted to argue back against pretty much everything she said, but I knew it wouldn’t be worth it. Hannah had already proved that she was capable of twisting pretty much every word I said while this ‘housekeeper’ thing was still happening. And until I had the means to let the game go and make it more babysitting than cleaning, I wouldn’t be able to spin things back to my favor. Instead, I just repeated myself. “I’m changing.” Then I walked into the room without waiting for her to reply. And gasped.

Nothing was in there! Well, almost nothing. Both of my suitcases and my duffel bag were sitting on the bed, but all three pieces of luggage were open and it was clear that they were empty. As for my backpack, it was nowhere to be seen. No laptop, then, or any of my other personal things. And, in retrospect, it was stupid to assume that my phone would be sitting there waiting for me. Hannah had taken it from the bathroom, after all, which means she could have put it anywhere.

“Changing into what, virgin?” Hannah asked. She followed me into the room with a smirk on her face. “I told you, this room is for sleeping. If you want to change, you will need my permission.”

“Hannah!” I exclaimed. How could she- what could I- this wasn’t fair! Part of me wanted to scream at her, but another part felt completely deflated as I realized that all of my recent efforts had been for nothing. Hannah had moved all my possessions somewhere else, and not even breaking down every door in the house would bring them back to me. The property was just too big, and she knew all the nooks and crannies better than I did. Hannah could have hidden them anywhere, and I knew right away that she would be the only one who could return them to me.

Still very much smirking, she asked, “Yes?”

I couldn’t yell at her. Not now. I would have to play nice, somehow, and hope that this would be over at the end of the day. Surely the eighteen year old bitch wouldn’t keep this going. Most of all, I needed my cell phone. Failing that, my laptop so I could send an email. Without anything, however, I would need to be patient. “May I please have my things, Hannah?” I asked.

“Hmm. I don’t know, Jessie. You could have gotten everything back if you had kept being a good girl, but this is not appropriate behavior. Did you ask permission to come up here?”

Blushing as I knew the ‘proper’ way to reply, I said, “No, Hannah.”

“And what if you broke that lock? Is that going to come out of your paycheck?”

“Yes, Hannah.”

“You’ve been a bad girl, haven’t you, Jessie? I think you should apologize.”

Swallowing my pride, and feeling smaller than ever as Hannah towered over me and made me regret the idea of coming up here and breaking into my room, I muttered, “I’m sorry, Hannah.”

“Sorry for what?”

“For being a bad girl.”

“Say the whole thing.”

“I’m sorry for being a bad girl, Hannah.”

“Better. Try to be that proper from now on, okay? I’m the lady of this house, after all. You’re just my obedient little maid. Isn’t that right?”

“Yes, Hannah . . . ”

The blonde teen sighed. “We just went over this, Jessie. Say the whole thing.”

Blushing darker at just the thought of the words, I somehow managed to force them out. Barely above a whisper, I said, “Yes, Hannah. I’m your obedient little maid.”

“Good girl.”

With that, she ordered me to make a fresh round of drinks for herself and her friends. I followed her down two separate flights of stairs to the basement and once again had to feel self conscious as all of them stared at me with various expressions of amusement. All of them had changed out of their bikinis and into casual summer clothes, still making me the one that was very much out of place in comparison. At Hannah’s direction, I asked the whole room for their drink orders and then left to fulfill the request. It took all my focus to remember the list of drinks. Before, I only needed to do one or two at a time, and just from the kitchen to the living room. Now I had to walk back up from the furnished basement and repeat the list over and over in my head before making each drink and grabbing the required bottles and cans. Thankfully, not all of them had wanted mixed drinks, though it seemed that the majority were leaning that way now that it was getting later in the day. Or perhaps they just wanted to make it more work for me.

When I returned to the basement, looking more subservient as ever as I carried a tray full of drinks for everyone, I was made to take away the empty glasses and top off their refreshments before they were satisfied and I could stop running up and down the stairs. Once I was done with my last trip, Hannah pointed to a spot in front of all the sofas. “Stand right there, Jessie.”

I really didn’t want to be the center of attention again, especially after what happened last time I was in a similar situation on the floor above. But I had learned better than to argue while Hannah held all the cards. “Yes, Hannah.” Then I stood where she ordered while all the girls got to sit comfortably and wait for what their ringleader had in store for me next.

“So, how pathetic is it that little Jessie here is still a virgin?” Hannah asked, “Everyone else here has had plenty of sex, right?” When everyone confirmed what she probably already knew about their own promiscuous antics with nods and a number of confident affirmations, she went on. “You’d think after 25 years, she would have found a girl to fuck by now.”

My jaw practically dropped at that as I looked at Hannah in disbelief. I was only twenty years old! She was just exaggerating how embarrassing it was that I was still a virgin. And, even though 25 would still be perfectly fine for someone to have waited, this room of sexually active eighteen year olds was spinning it negatively. And it was absolutely working. But, on top of that, Hannah was once again pushing the lesbian thing. This time, a lot more effectively. By saying it so casually, it seemed more real. To the others, at least.

All of them reacted with their own gasps and giggles and whispers as they both turned to each other and glanced towards me plenty as well. One of the girls–I think her name was Lillian–cut through the noise with a particularly scathing remark. “How is she possibly that old? She looks younger than us. Like, way younger!”

“She also acts way younger,” Hannah said right away, jumping onto the comment, “Seriously, what kind of adult woman isn’t able to make it to the bathroom?”

I began to defend myself, but didn’t make it very far. “You-”

“Did I give you permission to speak, lesbian virgin?” Hannah snapped, “Remind me what you are, again. Speak, Jessie.”

For a moment, my voice caught in my throat. I couldn’t say that, could I? Not in front of all these girls. But I knew that I had to. Consistently blushing at this point, especially after the constant judgment and laughter from the last few minutes, I quietly answered, “I’m your obedient maid.”

Hannah immediately corrected me. “My obedient little maid.”

“Yes, Hannah. Your obedient little maid.”

“Good girl.”


Hannah

Little Jess literally WET herself.

I couldn’t believe that stalling her for so long actually worked. Honestly, I expected her to figure something out. Doing her business outside like a dog, perhaps, or at least fleeing from the room to have the amusing accident in a part of the house that didn’t involve so many witnesses. However, she clearly waited too long. And getting her to clean the floor with her own clothes was just icing on the cake.

From there, I decided to leave her be. A little catch and release, in a way. If I kept babysitting her and attaching myself and my friends to whatever she was doing, it would be almost too easy to run with the momentum of her humiliating display. I had six full weeks to play with the girl, and she had already fallen so far into submission on just the first day. No fun. Sending her outside while simultaneously taking my girls down to the bachelorette pad was the perfect way to offer her some space. Both to give her a moment to catch her breath before whatever came next, and also because I was curious what she would do with said space. None of this was planned. With the lovely warmth of liquor flowing through my body, I was in true impulsive/improv mode with a minimal amount of thinking. And honestly, being a little tipsy just made the whole situation that much more entertaining.

My family had a few inside security cameras lying around, as we sometimes used them after hiring new staff to make sure they weren’t poking around where they shouldn’t be. They hadn’t been set up for Jess, but I was happy to take one and stick it up in the corner while she was outside. Using my phone, I kept tabs on the feed that showed the stairs on the main floor. I had expected her to circle back inside a lot more quickly than she did, but apparently my ‘housekeeper’ decided to do all her outside chores before coming back in.

Finally, she made her move. The moment I saw the petite brunette tiptoeing up the stairs, I began doing the same. Sneaking back to the main floor and then following her up, I was more than happy to chew her out for being where she wasn’t supposed to. What’s more, the look on her face as she took in the empty guest room was priceless. From there, it was simple enough to bully her back into submission. Even after a lengthy breather from myself and the others, it seemed little Jess was nice and submissive in the face of all the short term and long term surprises I had set up for her to walk into.

Once she had served us like the obedient pet she would be 24/7 by the end of her stay, I was delighted to see how quickly my friends jumped on the judgment train. And, now that she was back to feeling helpless and outnumbered by a bunch of pretty and popular girls, it was more than easy to get her to stand there quietly and just take it. To be a young woman who was a virgin and a ‘lesbian.’ A short little twig that hardly looked to be the age that I claimed she was. A pathetic girl who wet herself in the middle of the day.

But it wasn’t enough.

Maybe it was the alcohol going to my head. I wasn’t at all a lightweight, but my girlfriends and I had been drinking pretty much since they had arrived. And, despite my plans to take things slowly and gradually humiliate the girl who clearly had been hired to babysit me, I couldn’t help myself. She was standing there and affirming her obedience, and the temptation to test that obedience while simultaneously breaking her was just too great.

Before I knew it, I was sitting up and pushing my usual smirk onto my face. Normally the expression was reserved for peers who were about to incur my verbal wrath, but it served just as well to show my college aged babysitter who was boss. Scowls were boring. I much preferred showing that I was in control and enjoyed being in control.

“Jessie,” I said, meeting her eyes. Let’s see just how obedient you are, girl. “Strip for us. Right now. We need to see why no girl has fucked you yet. You have sixty seconds, little virgin.”

And this was just day one.



