
Well, I got all of three responses of people looking for a Grandia lemon,
but you know what?  I went ahead and wrote one anyways.  Keep in mind that
this is the first lemon I've ever written, so I have no good objective idea
of how it is.  I tried to make it somewhat romantic, and I'm not even sure
how good the sex part is (given that I still can't write a phrase such as
"moist, smooth pussy" without giggling - shows my inherent maturity). But
please, if you read this, let me know via e-mail and posting to at least let
me know that I didn't waste my time.  And if you want to shred it to pieces,
at least let me know where I went wrong.  Also, it's only borderline
proofread, because, to be honest, it's late and I have little patience right
now.

BTW, for those (seemingly many) who've never played Grandia...this is an
"alternate" sort of story based on events in the game (end of the first
disc, to be precise.)  Doesn't spoil TOO much (unless I did unintentionally)
but enough with the babble and here we go (it has no title, BTW...I'm
HORRENDOUS at titles...and hopefully the line breaks aren't screwed up):

"Alright Justin, we're off!"

"Okay, Feena!" Justin untied the rope from the dock and hopped on board
their little ship as the wind took them away from Gambo Breach.

Both of them turned and looked as the town grew smaller and smaller
in the distance.  Feena sighed.

"What's wrong, Feena?" Justin said as he turned and looked at his
female companion, with her long beautiful green hair waving in the
wind.

"Well, Justin...It's like we're leaving everything behind...again."
Feena replied. "We crossed the End of the World, and here we are
again, crossing yet another boundary, wandering into the unknown."

"But this is what adventure is all about!" Justin yelled with excitement in
his voice and his
gesticulatons. "You know, venturing
into unexplored territories, discover great new things!"

Feena turned towards him. "But...don't you get at least a little
bit scared?"

"Feena! I thought you were a great adventurer! Why are you getting
scared all of a sudden?" Justin replied, with a slight hint of
surprise.

"Well...I guess there's nothing wrong with being a little bit afraid,
Justin." Feena said. "With new experiences, there has to be some
uncertaintiy.  Otherwise, it wouldn't be exciting, right?"

"That's the Feena I know!" Justin bounced back up. "I'm not scared!
This adventure is fun!"

Feena giggled.  "Well, yes Justin, it's fun too.  I have to admit that."

"Well then, it's settled!" Justin said triumphantly, as if he had
won some nonexistant argument.

"Come on Justin, let's go inside to have a snack!" said Feena as she
motioned to the door of the cabin.

**

It wasn't long before the sun began to set and the evening crept up
on the two young adventurers.  The air grew cooler, and only
the moonlight shone on the calm seas.  Justin and Feena walked out of
the cabin, having just enjoyed a quick meal.  Feena set down on
the deck of the boat.

"Come on, Justin! Take a seat!" She beckoned.

Justin sat down where he stood, about ten feet from where Feena was.

"No silly!" Feena giggled. "I meant to take a seat next to me.  Get
over here!"

Justin nervously laughed and slid over next to Feena.  "Sorry!" he
hastily apologized as he grinned and slipped his hand on the back
of his neck.

"Oh, no need to apologize!" Feena said with a slight laugh.  Her eyes
then turned towards the sea and the stars.

"Isn't it a beautiful night out, Justin? The calm ocean water, the
stillness of everything around us...it's like we're all alone, together..."
Feena said almost dreamingly.

Justin was speechless, though through his mind fumbled any number of
things that wouldn't sound remarkably stupid.

She then turned to Justin. "Isn't it just a bit...romantic out here,
Justin?  You know, like in the fairy tales?"

The only sound Justin made was a barely audible gulp, followed up
by a "Well, yes, sort of..." in a half-embarassed voice.

Feena started laughing. "You're at a loss for words, aren't you?"

"How'd you guess, Feena?" Justin said, himself starting to laugh
just a little bit.

"Well, I don't blame you...ever since I've met you, Justin...I mean,
I thought you were just this little kid with silly dreams of
adventures...and now I'm joining you! It's all...so...weird." Feena
said. "But, I'm glad I did meet you Justin. And, I just don't know
how to put this into words...."

Justin turned a little bit and looked into Feena's bright blue
eyes.  He felt a strange tightening in his stomach, like the rush
of combat, only a million times sweeter.

"Justin...I...I...." Feena struggeled to push out the words she
felt in her heart.

But before she could, she moved over and quickly put her lips on Justin's.

His eyes opened wide in surprise at first, but slowly Justin calmed down and
felt the sweetness of Feena's moist lips.  He slowly moved
his hand around from her side and placed it on her cheek.  Even in
the cool ocean breeze, her face was warm and soft.

Feena slowly moved away from Justin and looked straight into his eyes.
She began blushing even more, gave a quick laugh, and charged straight
in for another kiss.

Justin was just a bit more prepared this time as Feena's warm lips
met with his.  This time his moved his hand around her cheek, then slowly
toward the back of her neck, slowly stroking her long, soft
green hair.  Feena moved her arms up and threw Justin's hat to the side, as
she ran her own fingers through Justin's bushy and somewhat untamed brown
hair.

The two held each other in this embrace, keeping warm against the
gentle sea wind, peaceful and serene.

Slowly Feena drew away, still looking in Justin's eyes.  He was still
full of surprise, but also full of excitement and happiness of what
had just happened.

Feena laughed again. "Well, Justin, maybe I was at a loss for words
too...maybe actions speak louder than words."

Justin smiled, still radiating from the wonderful experience of
a few seconds prior.

Feena stood up, and she held her hand out to pull Justin up. "Well,
Justin...it is kind of late now. We should probably get to sleep."

This time Justin leaned closer and embraced Feena with his arms. Once
again, Justin couldn't find the right thing to say.

Feena rested her head on Justin's shoulders and whispered in his ear.
"Don't worry...I know how you feel." She kissed him on the cheek. "It
has been a long day though...I don't know how long it will before
we reach land."

"Yeah, you're right, Feena." Justin said, still not recovered from the
shock. "Let's hit the sack."

Justin put his arms to his side as they opened the door to the
cabin and got out their sheets.  Feena set down on one side of room,
curled up beneath her blanket and closed her eyes. Justin was always
accustomed to sleeping on the other side whenever he was with her, but he
felt a bit differently, felt a bit closer.   He set up his sheets  a few
feet from Feena and lied down.

Feena opened her eyes and looked straight at Justin. "Good night!" she
whispered excitedly.

"Good night Feena!" Justin replied as he closed his eyes.

**

But in the end, sleep could not claim Justin.  His mind was too busy,
thoughts flying at every possible angle.  What had just happened to
him?  What had Feena done?  What was he feeling towards Feena?  Was
this...actually love?

Justin continuted to toss and turn, but soon grew frustrated and
went out onto the deck.  It was still dark, though the moon continued to
radiate
light over the sea.  He sat down
and began a futile attempt to sort out his thoughts and feelings.

It wasn't long though before Justin's ponderings were interrupted.  A
mysterious
female scream came from close by.  Justin immediately ran to invesigate.  He
ran around
to the front of the ship and was extremely surprised to see a beautiful
blond girl clothed
in an exotic, white, silk satin dress.  He hadn't even noticed that the boat
had floated
awfully close to a small group of glaciers.  But while Justin was caught in
a frozen state
of confusion, the mysterious girl continuted to yell.

The door to the cabin swung open and Feena ran up, still apparently a bit
groggy from being
woken up so quickly.  She was equally as confused as Justin.

The girl began screaming again. "Help me, please! This horrible monster has
kidnapped my
sisters and is going to eat them!" She approached Justin and flung herself
on his chest.
"Please, save them!"

"Someone's in danger?" Justin said, just a tiny bit embarassed.  He turned
to Feena. "Feena,
we have to help them!"

"But, Justin!" Feena cried. "Remember what Gadwin said?  The Sea of
Mermaids?  This could all
be a trap!"

"Maybe it isn't, Feena!" Justin yelled back. "What if this poor girl's
sisters have really been
captured by a monster?  We have to help them!"

"Justin, listen to me!" Feena responded, with hit of pleading in her voice.
"These mermaids
are probably like the legendary Sirens! They can take on any form and lure
sailors into
their lairs to eat them!"

These words were all lost on Justin.  He had already ran to the side of his
cabin, grabbed
his sword and jumped off the front of the boat onto the glacier. "C'mon
Feena, we have
to help! We're honorable heroes, right?"

Feena growled in irritation, but gave in as she grabbed her whip and
followed Justin onto
the island of ice.

It was mere seconds before Justin cried out "Look, there's the cavern!",
pointing to
the entrance where the horrible monster supposedly lay.  The two warriors
enterered
the darkness of the opening.  An eerie glow eminated in front of, as if from
torches radiating a chamber far in the depths of the cave.  Wailing cries
for help echoed off the walls
of the crystalline cave.

"Feena, it's got to be down there!" Justin cried, charging forth.  It wasn't
long before
they reached the source of the glowing.

Several young girls, all with long blond hair and looking strikingly similar
to the girl
on the boat, were against the wall, shackled up with chains on all four
limbs. Their pleas
for help only grew louder when Justin and Feena entered the chamber.

"Look, someone's come!" one cried in ecstasy.

"We're saved!  Thank the Lord!" another cried.

"Yes, we're all glad you're here." said a third. "We're getting a
might...peckish."

It took Justin a second to decipher what that last comment meant, but right
as that epiphany
took place, he was surrounded by slimy tentacles, surrounding both Feena and
him.  They
both watched in horror as all of the beautiful young ladies melted into a
green slime
and melded together to form a gigantic, monstrous fish, several times bigger
than
either of them.

"Yes, it's been awhile!" the monster cried. It eyed Justin. "I think I'll
try you first.  I've
always liked little boys!" The tentacles squeezed Justin and quickly moved
him toward
the jaws of the mutant fish creature.

"Justin, no!!!!" Feena cried, before the tentacles surrounded her mouth,
muffling all sound
from escaping their horrible grasp.

"Feena!" Justin cried before he was flung head first into the gaping, sharp
toothed maw of
the fish.  It swallowed, grinned, and set its eyes on Feena.

Feena never saw any of this.  Nor did she want to see any of this.
Justin...he was gone.
She considered for a brief moment to grab her knife from her belt and slice
the tentacles
that held her still, but she relinquished herself.  What was the point?  She
was on this
adventure because of Justin.  Without Justin, what was the point of being on
this adventure?
What was the point of crossing the End of the World, investigating the
Garyle Forces?  Nothing.
There was no reason without Justin.

Rage filled her.  She didn't want to be thinking these thoughts.  What was
she before she
met Justin?  She was one of the most respected adventueres around, and she
was only
fifteen.  And now she was reduced to this, giving up on life because of one
little boy.
She couldn't.  Before the tentacles grasped any further, she moved her hand
towards her belt,
grabbed her dagger and summoned all of her strength one of the many of the
horde that
surrounded her.  Green blood gashed from the wound she had inflicted.
Having been gifted
with a bit more manuevering room, Feena continued to slash at more of the
roots that
continued to surround her.  Soon all of the tentacles lie on the cave floor,
in a mess
of green, gooey liquid.

Feena took out her whip and growled at the monsterous fish, who was a bit
surprised that this
previously dormant little snack had become such a hellcat.  It didn't matter
much, though...
more roots grew out its to side to replace its fallen comrades.

Feena prepared to jump out of the way, but a loud blast coming from the fish
stopped her.
A huge pillar of flame emerged from the top of the monster, followed by an
excessive
amount of smoke.  She crawled on the floor to avoid the fumes.

A few seconds later, blood came gushing out of its mouth as bits of its
flesh became
rended, as if being sliced open from the inside.

Which was exactly what was happening.  It wasn't long before Justin slashed
through
the side wall of the fish and emerged, covered in various disgusting fluids
but unharmed.
The bits of fish slowly morphed back into the beautiful maidens, who began
to scream
in pain before they dissolved further into nothingness.

As soon as the smoke cleared, Feena stood back on her feet and saw a shadow
of a lone figure.
Her stomach jumped at the expectation of who it might be - Justin.  The
smoke further
dissipated, and the figure became apparent.

He was alive.  Feena's emotions were torn in two opposite directions: he was
alive, but he
was also the reason that they had almost been killed.  Part of her wanted to
run up and
embrace Justin and never let him go.  The other wanted to scream at Justin
for his rash
stupidity.

Feena's eyes were welling up with tears, not properly sorting out what had
happened.
Eventually, everything came spilling out.

"Justin, you idiot!" she cried, completely unable to control her voice. "I
tried to warn
you about this island!  I told you it was trap! But you went ahead anyway!"

Justin was stunned at Feena's outburst. "Feena...I'm sorry. I'm...sorry!" he
said gently.

"Why do you have to rush ahead and do stupid things like that?"
Feena cried.

"Feena, I should have listened to you." Justin said as he moved closer.
"You were right, I
should've have charged in like that."

"We could have been KILLED, Justin!" Feena continued to cry.  She examined
herself and couldn't
believe what she was doing.  On the inside, she was more than overjoyed that
Justin was
alright, but here she was, chewing him out for his rash decisions.  Feena
was angry at
Justin, and she was angry at herself.  She couldn't take it anymore; she
turned and ran
back toward the ship.

"Feena, wait!" Justin cried as he trailed behind her.  She was a faster
runner, however, and easily outrun him to the end of cave.  Justin stopped,
drew his breath and felt his heart
sink.

"Feena....."

**

When Justin finally reached the boat, the cabin door was closed.  He was
almost afraid to
open it.  He didn't wanted to see Feena crying.  He couldn't stand the fact
that it was
his fault that Feena was crying.  Worse yet, he didn't know how to make her
feel better.
All he wanted to do was convince Feena that she was right, and that he was
wrong - but that
they were safe now.

Justin's eyes began to grow moist, and he felt sick.  Why hadn't he listened
to Feena?  Wasn't
he trying to be a good adventurer?  But he hadn't listened to logical
reason, either. It was
his fault.  He was blame.

He sniffled and approached the door.  He didn't know what to say, but it
didn't matter to
him - he justed wanted all his feelings to come out.  Slowly, he turned the
door knob and
continuted to hear Feena's sobs.  He almost drew back, but instead he wiped
his tears from
his eyes, gritted his teeth and entered the door.

Feena was sitting in the corner, continuing to cry.  Justin was almost
afraid to approach her
further, fearing that she would lash out again.  He mustered every ounce of
bravery to
say, once again, "Feena...I'm....so sorry. I shouldn't have acted like I
did."

Feena turned around, eyes red and face wet, with a look of immense sadness
on her face.  Justin
almost thought that she was going to yell at him more, but instead, she
leaped off her
feet and grabbed Justin in her eyes.

"Justin, Justin, Justin!" she cried through her sobs. "I'm...I...didn't mean
to yell at you
like that! I know you're sorry!"

Justin returned her embrace and rested his cheek on her head, the feeling of
sickness gone
from his stomach.  He continued to sniffle just a little put, and whispered
"Feena..."

"It's just that...Justin...you were almost killed! For a moment, I truly
thought you
were dead! And that for that moment, I came to realize why I was on this
adventure on the first
place." She loosened her embrace and looked into Justin's eyes. "I'm here
for you, Justin.
I love experiencing this exciting new places with you.  I've...changed
because of you.
I feel like...I need you."

Justin continued to look into her eyes, wanting to say something meaningful
back to her. Inside,
he felt the same way.  The possibility of him losing Feena on this
adventure...she made it
exciting.  She made it fun.  Adventuring alone just wouldn't have the same
taste without
the flair of Feena by his side.

He closed his eyes. "Feena...I love you.  I love having you with me.  If it
weren't for you,
I...wouldn't have adventured as long as I have."

"Oh, Justin!" Feena cried, tightening her hug.  "I...love you too! I just
didn't know if
felt the same way!" Her eyes began to tear up again, but for an entirely
different reason.
She drew back again, looked straight at Justin and kissed him on the lips.

Justin drew her closer and moved his fingers through her hair once more.  In
a few seconds,
the feeling of pain in his stomach had turned into a feeling of joy.  He was
happy where he
was.

Slowly, Feena pushed her tongue through her lips and met Justin's.  He began
to taste the
sweetness of Feena's mouth further as they both began to kiss furiously.  It
wasn't long before
Feena had lowed Justin to ground before she drew away.

Justin looked her.  Her eyes were still wet and her cheeks still red, but
Feena's bright smile
and shining eyes made the picture ever so beautiful. "Justin..." she spoke.
"I...want to make
love to you."

Another, more exciting feeling struck Justin as he began to sweat a little.
"Feena...I want to
too.  I love you. But...I...never..."

Feena whispered in his ear. "Don't worry, neither have I.  But you said you
weren't scared of
adventure, right?  Just think of this that way..." Feena giggled, and so did
Justin.
"Come on, Justin...it's hot in here.  Let's go outside."  She stood up and
extended her hand
to pull him up.  They opened the door to the cabin and Feena led Justin
outside, still
holding his hand.

The moon was still high, and the wind was blowing lightly, causing Feena's
hair to gracefully
flow with the invisible force.  She gave a loving smile as she pulled Justin
closer.  That
loving smile turned into a coy grin as she reached behind her back and
untied her top, letting
it drop to the ground, revealing her soft breasts.  The moonlight shining of
her smooth
skin struck Justin in a way that he had never felt before.

"Come here..." Feena laughed quietly as she moved Justin's hand to her
chest, as if giving
permission.  Justin nervously moved his hand around and slowly caressed her
right breast.
Slowly he moved his face down and began rubbing his cheek against her warm
body.  Opening
his mouth, Justin began to massage her nipple with his tongue, making her
groan quietly.
He continued to kiss around her breasts, moving his tongue in circles around
her softness.

As Justin stopped, Feena held Justin's face, gave him a quick kiss and began
to lift his shirt
up.  Despite the breeze, it was still a comfortable night.  He moved towards
again to hold
Feena in his arms, feeling her naked flesh against his.  They both caressed
each others bare
backs with their hands, feeling each others warmth.  Justin felt his arms
against her silk
smooth hair, and her slowly drew it against his face.

Justin's hands moved down a bit more to Feena's waist, and he grabbed ahold
of her exotic
bottom piece.  Slowly, he kneeled down as he moved her shorts down between
her legs,
before they finally reached her feet.  A sweet aroma filled the air as
Justin took the panties
and tossed them to the side.  Still near the ground, Justin's mouth
approached the patch of
green and began to slowly lick at the flower that had been concealed.

Feena audibly screamed as Justin began to massage her bud further, his
tongue shooting incredible
feelings through each and every corner of her body. It was almost
unbearable...Feena pushed
Justin away from her onto the floor.  He gave her a slightly confused look.

"Feena...but..." he tried to say.

"Justin, I want you.  Please...I want you now." Feena cried, leaping to meet
Justin on
the ground.  She tossed his belt to the side, unbuttoned his shorts, and
lowered them from
his waist.  Once again another shock shot through Justin as Feena touched
him.  She lied
down next to him and brought him up on his side, and began kissing him
again.  Their
embrace renewed, and Feena rolled over, putting Justin on top.

"Please...gently..." Feena moaned as she let go of Justin.  She softly
clenched Justin and
guided him slowly into her.  As soon as he entered the soft, smooth, moist
passage, they
both gasped, as another sudden jolt of uforia dispersed through both of
their bodies.  Feena began to grunt in a little bit of pain.

Justin almost pulled back, but Feena stopped him. "Feena, I'm not hurting
you!! Am I?"

"No...Justin!  Please...keep it there!! It...feels so good!" Feena
responded, amidst her
groans. "Just...push forward....slowly..."

Justin moved his hips forward and felt himself go into Feena even further.
Again, he moved
them up, and began a slow rhythmatic motion, Feena responding with his
thrusts, still gritting
her teeth in her little bit pain.  With each pass, another jolt passed
through Justin's body, intensifying with every passing second.  He continued
to hold Feena in his arms and gave her small pecks as she grasped onto his
back and contuined to scream.

The emotions running through both of them were running rampant.  Feena
smiled up at Justin,
watching up continue to move himself into her.  She was finally being united
with him
physically, with Justin, the one who led her this far.  She was now one with
him at this very
moment.  Excitement continuted to well up inside her.

Justin was filled with equal amoutns of emotions and power.  Every since he
saw Feena, he had
felt something towards her - whether it was extreme resentment at her
calling him a kid,
or sadness when he saw her cry, or even happiness when they were together.
He remembered
when the village of Gambo had mistaken them for a real couple, and how, on
the inside, he
had really wished it were true.  And now it was.  Justin was one with Feena.

The impulses continued to build inside Justin as he began to groan a bit
louder with each
passing thrust.  Finally, all of the emotions he had been feeling summoned
together, building
up together as if they were going to explode at any given second.  He cried
out into the sky,
"Feena!"

The tensions let go and Justin felt an enormous shock everywhere - he
couldn't help
but clench every muscle in his body.  Feena moaned as she felt the warmth
slowing flow inside of her.

Exhausted and nearly panting, Justin moved back and crawled up next to
Feena.  He put his arm
around her neck and began kissings her lips.  Moving to his side, he drew
Feena back up
and holding her body.  She too was out of strength, and weakly kissed Justin
back.

Soon they both drooped to the ground, completely tired out.  Justin look to
his side and he
met with Feena again.  He smiled as he looked at her adoring face.
"Feena...I love you."

She laughed. "I know you do, Justin.  It's clear now.  I love you too."

Justin smiled, feeling extreme joy.  He hugged Feena again, kissed her cheek
and slowly
got up.

"You know, Feena...we never really did get that night's sleep." Justin said.

"Hmmm...you're right, Justin.  After that silly little incident interruped
us." Feena looked
up at the sky. "Dawn is still a few hours away.  We have some time for
rest."

Justin bent down, held Feena's back and pulled her onto her feet, as she
giggled insanely.
"I might be a bit too excited to sleep, but we should try anyway."

Justin opened the door and led her to the side of the cabin.  This time,
they moved their sheets
together, and crawled beneath them.  At first, Justin lied down, but Feena
crawled up
next to time and laid her head on his chest.  Justin moved his arms around
her shoulders,
cuddled up to her, and kissed the top of her hair.

"Good night, Feena.  My love..." he whispered.

"Sweet dreams, Justin." Feena replied, giving him a teasing lick on the
chest before curling
up once more, ready for the rest before the adventures to come.




--
Ore wa...DarkAlucard desu!

***Remove NOSPAM to reply, onegai!***

Official World's Largest Castlevania Fan (TM)

ICQ#: 59766139          AOL IM: Alucardsama18