Our lives were profoundly changed after Mike and Cheryl invited me to become a partner with them in intimacy during our vacation trip to Big Bend National Park in Texas. We had begun walking a new path that led us to heightened levels of sexual adventure and fulfillment, and our loving kinship grew with each step. After we returned from the park, we shared life's usual activities and highlighted them with sexual interludes that became increasingly erotic. We all became very much at ease with our wife-sharing fun. I never felt like an intruder in their marriage; I was a welcomed participant.
I was both content and happy with the arrangement. There was no drama, and my sex with Cheryl seemed to be more erotic and pleasing with each encounter. Between me finishing school, working when I could, and beginning my professional career after graduation, I had limited opportunities to go out on dates and to invest time in establishing and nurturing a romantic relationship. During that period in my very busy life, Cheryl was both my best female friend and a passionate lover. I needed no other woman.
Mike's attitude about expanding his limits during sex began to evolve rather quickly after our fun in the park. With Cheryl's encouragement, he came to accept some aspects of raw sex that he previously felt to be inappropriate. Specifically, nasty talk and the various manifestations of dominant/submissive sex, like spanking, hair-pulling, and use of force (in a non-hurtful way) became routine elements in my and Cheryl's intimate repertoire.
He was swayed toward liberalizing his views by watching his wife enjoy acting out her submissive desires with me, a responsible, loving partner. He knew she was safe, and that I gave her what she craved. He did not care to assume the role of a dominant male, but he increasingly delighted in watching me fuck Cheryl with a passionate aggression that literally made her scream with pleasure. He was a very satisfied participant in our vanilla activity, and an enthusiastic voyeur when Cheryl and I enjoyed mild kink.
Our post-park sexual fun evolved into a recurring pattern. Cheryl began by stripping for us, then deep-kissing us and letting our hands and mouths explore her beautiful body. Mike and I would alternate our oral and manual stimulation of her erogenous zones while feeding her one of our cocks. She loved having her vulva licked and sucked, and it usually did not take long before she had a wonderful, body-rattling orgasm with her pussy in either Mike's or my mouth.
After she had cum, Mike and I would fuck her in-turn, often filling her mouth and pussy simultaneously. If Mike didn't cum inside her vagina, she gave him a world-class blow job, deep-throating his short, fat penis until he blew his load down her throat and she swallowed all of it. I greatly enjoyed watching her suck Mike's dick. She loved doing it, and pleasing her man was both a loving and prideful activity for her. After his orgasm, Mike usually chose to sit in a chair and watch Cheryl with me.
She would kneel before me and let me face-fuck her while I gripped her head with my hands. That was followed by a series of position changes and erotic enhancements that included spanking, hair pulling, and plenty of dirty talk back and forth. We always finished with me cumming inside her (she continued using birth control), and then enjoyed a totally relaxing and very loving afterglow with her in my arms.
Cheryl was every straight man's dream; she was a sweet, intelligent, engaging lady in public and an enthusiastic, adventuresome tigress in the bedroom. I sensed she wanted to continuously expand our sexual boundaries, and her submissive nature manifested itself more openly over time.
Cheryl asked me what I would like to do with her if I could do anything I wanted. Since our relationship was a strong one based on trust and candor, I answered quickly. "I would like to tie you up and have my way with you." Light bondage had been my favorite fetish for a long time, and Sara, my previous girlfriend, would not agree to do it, so videos and fantasies replaced reality.
I didn't know if the expression on her face was astonishment or fear, but her response excited me. "Oh, David, I think I would enjoy that. Being helpless and ravaged would be a delicious combination," she said with an alluring grin. "I'm sure I can convince Mike to let us do it."
My mind's eye was suddenly fixated on Cheryl naked and bound spread-eagled to a bed, with her knowing she was mine to use as I pleased. My penis remained in various states of erection as I frequently contemplated the vision.
About three days later Cheryl phoned me and asked if I could come to their house that night. I agreed and asked, "What do you have in mind?"
"Mike was willing to consider trying something new, and he got very excited when I told him I wanted you to tie me up and fuck me. I explained how I would enjoy feeling totally under your control while you did to me whatever you wanted. In addition to enjoying the show, he wants to participate by getting me ready for you." I was curious about the degree of his participation.
"How, exactly, does he want to get you ready for me?"
"He wants to bathe me, then lay me naked on our bed and tie my hands and feet to the bedposts. He also suggested he blindfold me about 30 minutes before you arrive, dim the light, and burn some incense so I can relax and think about what is going to happen. He will greet you at the door and bring you to the bedroom. You can do whatever you want while he watches. I will be completely yours."
I thought, "Wow, I can't believe it," and quickly replied, "I can be there at eight o'clock."
"Great! I'll see you then...actually, I won't, since I'll be blindfolded," she said with a laugh and ended the conversation.
I shaved, bathed and dressed while greatly anticipating taking our relationship to a new level of eroticism. I had an erection during my drive to their home, thinking about my lovely Cheryl being tied, naked, and willing to submit to my desires.
Mike answered the door and said, "This bondage thing is new to me, but Cheryl wants it, and she trusts you. I do too. Come with me, she is ready for you."
I entered the bedroom and I had to catch my breath. The only light in the pleasingly scented room came from the adjoining master bathroom, and the door was partially closed to dim the brightness. Cheryl was an indescribable vision of beauty and sexuality. Mike had tied her spread-eagled to the bed, her wrists and ankles bound securely to the four posts. Her auburn hair and light make-up highlighted her beautiful face, and a black blindfold, tied behind her head, covered her eyes. I knew immediately that she was very excited by the scene because her breathing was noticeably heavier than normal, her nipples were completely erect, and her pussy, completely exposed to my view between her widely splayed legs, presented its swollen and slightly parted inner lips soaked in her juices.
As I savored the amazing sight of my best friend's wife ready and willing to be my bound, submissive fuck toy, Mike undressed, sat in a large chair in the corner of the room, and began stroking his cock.
I moved to the side of the bed, leaned over her face, kissed her softly and said quietly, "My precious Cheryl, I love you, and I am going to pleasure you like you have never experienced before."
"Yes, David, tonight I belong to you. Use me however you desire. I submit completely to you."
I kissed and caressed her tits, teasing and punishing each nipple in-turn with my tongue and teeth. I encouraged her to begin our dialogue, "Don't be shy, my love, tell me how it feels."
"I love it when you suck and bite my nipples, don't hold back in giving me what I want."
I kissed a trail down her taut tummy through her full, neatly trimmed, auburn bush, and my lips closed around her clitoris. She gasped her approval, and for only a moment I sucked her love bud out of its hood and licked it. "Oh, God! David... Yes...Eat me."
I released my oral grip and said, "No, baby, not yet. Not yet."
I stood and began to undress. She knew from the sounds of my belt unbuckling and my zipper opening that I was soon going to be naked with her.
With a steely erection, I got on the bed and knelt beside her. I began tracing the outline of her pussy with my fingers, intermittently pushing one of them into her vagina while keeping my thumb on her clit. Her hips began to move as she tried to capture and squeeze my digit probing inside her. Still exploring her love cave, I leaned forward and asked, "Tell me what you want me to do, baby. Tell me."
"Fuck me, David. I want you to fuck me...hard. Put your cock in me. Please."
I withdrew my hand, saying, "No, baby, not yet. Not yet."
"Oh, David, I want it...I need it...now."
I moved up beside her head, turned her sweet face toward me, and rubbed my corona across her lips which she opened as if desiring to be fed. I leaned over her face, and my hard dick began to disappear into her warm, wet mouth. She pulled against her restraints trying to reach for me, but she was tied securely and had to limit her movement to bobbing her head on my rod.
"Be my slut, Cheryl. Suck me and fuck me like I own you, because tonight I do." As I was fucking her mouth, she mumbled unintelligible words of agreement.
I happened to look into the mirror hanging over the headboard, and I saw a reflection of Mike masturbating in his chair. I again got that thrilling, taboo feeling that I was fucking another man's wife with the consent and encouragement of them both, and the thought stoked the erotic fire raging within me.
I pulled my dick from between Cheryl's lips and moved down the bed, again putting my mouth on her vulva. I easily pushed two fingers into her jewel box, penetrating her with my fingers curled and stroking the top of her vagina. I looked at her face and saw the tendons in her neck pulled tight and her mouth open in a silent scream as her head rolled slowly from side-to-side.
Above my buried fingers, I sucked the top of her sex lips and clit into my mouth and massaged them with my tongue. Her hips and thighs were elevating off the sheet as she intently fucked my face. I tasted the change in her juices that precedes orgasm, and her legs began to shake. When this happened previously, I intensified my actions and brought her to orgasm. Not this time.
I raised my mouth off of her steaming slit and pulled my fingers out of her. Her reaction was immediate and desperate as she raised her head as if to look at me through her blindfold and struggled to free herself from her restraints. "No. NO! David, don't stop. PLEASE DON'T STOP!"
I said softly but with authority, "Now, baby, are you ready to be fucked?"
"OH, MY GOD, YES! YES! FUCK ME NOW! PLEASE!"
I crawled between her flexing legs, and lay the head of my cock on her inner folds, penetrating her only slightly. I reached to her face, pulled the blindfold from her eyes, and kissed her deeply and roughly as I drove my prick to the limit of her depth. She shrieked into my mouth, and sucked my oral muscle nearly out of my throat. She was totally ready for the first bondage fucking of her young life.
Her vigorous attempts to move underneath me were thwarted by the bindings on her wrists and ankles. Her complete vulnerability heightened my thrill, providing a feeling of commanding dominance over her that fed my alpha-male appetite.
"Give it to me, baby. GIVE IT TO ME!" My assault on her femininity would have been entirely wrong, even criminal, if she had not been such a willing participant.
"TAKE IT, DAVID! FUCK ME... HARDER!"
I increased the pace and pressure of my penile penetration of her pussy, repeatedly tapping her cervix but not hurting her, and she began grunting in sync with my thrusts into her. Her lustful enjoyment from being both helplessly restrained and taken roughly by her dominant lover increased our mutual excitement.
I paused to pull the bows on her wrist bindings to free her hands and arms. She slammed her arms around my back and crushed her chest against mine without missing a single beat of the rhythm created by our hips slamming together. Again I felt her legs begin to quiver, and I knew she was about to cum on my cock.
She put her hands around my neck and a primal groan began to rumble in her throat. I pulled her hands down beside her head and strongly gripped her wrists, pressing them into the bed. "Cum with me, baby... do it NOW!"
She suddenly went rigid, raised her face against mine, and cried out, "I'M CUMMING...OH, GOD! DAVID...DAVID. OH, FUCK...DAVID!" Her orgasm induced mine.
I released her wrists and thrust my arms under her, squeezing her tightly against me. I felt the pressure in my balls release, and my manhood began convulsing deeply within her, splashing the entrance to her womb with my seed. I made loud noises, only some of which contained words, "AAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR! OH, BABY! OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH, BABY! TAKE MY LOAD. OH, GOD. I LOVE YOU!"
As my cock was ejaculating inside her, Cheryl kissed my neck and said, "GIVE IT ALL TO ME; ALL OF IT. I LOVE YOU TOO." I felt her vaginal and pelvic floor muscles milking the seed from my rod until there was no more to give her. We had shared with each other our most precious gifts, and our bodies began to relax.
We kissed tenderly and deeply before my head collapsed onto the bed beside hers. We lay motionless in each other's arms, coming down from a high place neither of us had ever been before. We remained as one until my softened staff slipped out of her vagina. I began to move and she said, "No, just lay with me, please."
"Okay, but let me untie your ankles." I freed her legs and resumed my position on top of her. I gazed into her lovely, green eyes and told her, "It was so good, Cheryl...so, so good."
"Yes, it was. It was wonderful."
It suddenly occurred to me that our voyeur guest had not spoken. I looked back at Mike, and he was sitting with a towel in his lap, smiling at me. He got up, gathered his clothes, and left the bedroom.
Cheryl and I showered together, washing away the lust but not the love. We hugged and kissed several times under the water and while toweling each other dry. We savored our private time together, beyond the watchful eyes of her husband. We put on our clothes and went into the kitchen in search of a cool drink.
Mike crossed a mental bridge when he agreed to tie Cheryl to the bed and give her to me. The three of us had no worries and no issues resulting from our venture into the realm of mildly kinky sex. The scene played to our collective satisfaction, so things were good.
In addition to threesome sex, Cheryl and I continued our fascination with kink, principally dominance, submission, and light bondage, with Mike being a very satisfied voyeur. After a few months and several more play dates, Mike approached me with a surprising question, "How would you like to fuck Cheryl without me being there?"
I didn't hesitate to say, "That would be fine with me, but it's up to you and Cheryl."
"I know, but I think it would be hot to think about you two being together while it was happening, and then to hear her tell me all about it when she got home, full of your spunk. Do you think that's too weird?"
"Mike, whatever we all decide we enjoy doing isn't weird. We may have desires that are out of the behavioral mainstream, but we answer only to ourselves when setting the limits." I admitted to myself that I was encouraging his acceptance of Cheryl and me having private, sexual fun.
"Well, I talked with Cheryl, and she likes the idea."
Without appearing as eager as I was pleased, I replied, "I think it would be very hot. I will be sure to fill her up and send her home with very exciting things to tell you."
Our private dates became the norm. Cheryl and I had uninhibited, borderline wild sex, and our encounters were indescribably pleasurable. Mike would wait for Cheryl to get home after being with me, and she would first show him what I left inside her before describing what we did. She told him everything, and described our pleasure in detail. Her commentary enhanced their foreplay, and both said their sex was more pleasing and passionate than ever before.
We also went through an erotic photography stage with Cheryl and me being the models and Mike the cameraman. It was as much pure fun as erotic play. We did everything from innocent glamour shots to porn scenes. Those were the days before digital imaging, so we had to send the exposed film out-of-town to get it developed to avoid risking that someone in our community might see the pictures.
When the picture-taking excitement waned, we had a party at their house and burned the evidence in the fireplace after downing a couple bottles of wine. That chapter of our sexual fun went up in smoke.
About a year and one-half after our communal intimacy began, Mike and Cheryl decided they wanted to start a family. It was an easy decision for us all to end our wife-sharing lifestyle since Cheryl would be ceasing her birth control and wanting to renew her exclusive, intimate bond with her husband. I was disappointed to know the best sex of my life was going to evaporate, but I found comfort in the continuation of two wonderful friendships. Moreover, I was happy to be informed I would always be "Uncle David" to any and all of their children.
It took only four months for Cheryl to get pregnant. We celebrated with grape juice and immediately started playful arguments about the perfect names for a boy or girl. It was a very happy time. A beautiful, healthy baby boy was born, and we had a new reason to be joyous about life.
Unfortunately, Cheryl suffered from depression after the birth, and she lost her sexy, girlish shape which was a continuing source of disappointment and discomfort for her. Three months passed before the subject of resuming our wife-sharing intimacy was mentioned. Mike and I had no difficulty in accepting her desire to end it. It had become a different world for her, as both a young mother and a patient trying to regain her psychological health. Our journey into unconventional sexual intimacy ended as suddenly as it had begun.
Later, Cheryl and I had a lengthy, private conversation about the sexual intimacy we had shared. We were in complete agreement that it was a wonderfully erotic and thrilling experience, but it had run its course. Our sex took us to mental and physical places neither of us had ever been, and the memories of those experiences, at least for me, will always be vivid and unforgettable. I recall saying to her, "You will always be my fantasy queen, my sweet Cheryl."
She took my hand in hers and responded with warmth and a wink, saying, "Don't lose that thought, my dear David."
Also in private, Mike told me he would really miss our "adventures," referring to our intimate fun. He thanked me for filling needs that he and Cheryl could not satisfy by themselves. I wondered if they would ever again want to involve others in their sexual intimacy.
My loving friendship with Mike and Cheryl has flourished over the years, and their interest in wife-sharing did not recur. There are three children now, and I am "Uncle David" to all of them. I was, and remain, blessed beyond my worthiness to have Mike and Cheryl in my life. Our bond is both wonderful and permanent, and the passionate sexuality we shared helped build its strength. I wish the same success to everyone who has a long-term, wife-sharing experience.  
I chose this site to document my stories because I respect and admire the quality of the literature published here, and I am confident they will remain available for others to enjoy long after I am gone. Thank you for taking your time to read them. I truly hope they brought you pleasure.