MY Initiation @ 8teen -2

By: Neha


Hi friends..remember me as Neha from pune at
totempole70@hotmail.com..!!! My earlier story was terminated when I fell
unconscious in drunken condition while I was watching my aunt(Radhika)
wilder bitchy side with her bf Raj. Now let's continue further from
where I left. I don't remember exactly what happened but now I could
faintly hear murmur of voices beside me and the wall clock rhyming 2pm.
It was that bitch's and Raj's voice. I tried to open my heavily laden
eyelids but couldn't. I could smell sex, booze and cigarette smoke all
around.

Then I could hear the now familiar bitchy sound's of hers and his
grunting etc. They were still on a fucking spree and she was yelling to
do harder and then it seems she burst and he got busted in his balls and
the frenzy subsided. It was then I realized that I was myself shaking
that meant I was lying on the same bed. MY body shivered at that
realization and somehow I felt something pleasant inside me in between
my legs. I parted my legs unknowingly. That's when I came to my senses
when I felt I was lying on the same bed naked. As if in sleep I brought
my hands towards my breasts and OHH GOD.

I was really naked totally. I didn't dare open my eyes and was wondering
how all did it happen. I was shivering and afraid totally. Now there was
a pin drop silence inside the room. I slowly opened my eyes and observed
that they were standing in the dining hall poring the drinks and
smoking, talking while intermittently turning the heads towards me. I
could in part hear that my name was also uttered in between. I just
closed my eyes tightly shut. I could feel that she came and sat near me
and shook me up. But I didn't respond at all. I just moaned as if in
sleep. After a few moments, I could feel a face smelling of booze and
cigarette near my face. Then a hand slithered on my face, lips towards
the neck in a teasing way. It moved towards my breasts and encircled the
nipples one by one. A sweet sensation started building up in me. One
hand cupped my breasts smoothly while I felt one mouth on the other
breasts encircling with tongue on my nipples. It gave me ripples all
over and I really unknowingly moaned. After some time the face moved
towards my navel and stopped there encircling it and kissing. The same
face then went downwards and stopped. She was sniffing like a bitch in
heat and planted a kiss on my virgin pussy. I shivered and legs got
parted a little. Then she asked Raj to get some honey, which she quietly
placed it on my pussy allover and poured some on the vaginal lips part
of which just seeped inside. She then started to lick it from the
periphery towards the central mound where my valley was buried.

My legs were parted this time more by Raj. She ducked inside the pubic
hairs and started licking vigorously at the spread honey. She then came
to central part and inserted her tongue inside my pussy to lick the
honey. OOOOh. My pussy started twitching and very sweet sweet sensations
started engulfing my body. After time now it was my turn to shudder
immensely and felt something oozing inside my cunt. She was now joined
by Raj and now both of them were licking at my pussy very vigorously. I
moaned a lot while they were licking deep inside my water hole. Soon the
waves inside me settled down and I got relaxed. They left me for a while
and I opened my eyes a little. I saw that now he was licking her pussy.
Now I was more intent on watching their acts of pleasure forgetting that
I will be caught watching. After some time suddenly he got up and I
closed my eyes. He came near me, started fondling my breasts, sucking
them while she was sucking at his cock. Then he went down on me and
licked my pussy. She came up and sat on my face and I could now feel the
smell of her pussy on my face.

She gave few light slaps on my cheeks to awaken me. I half opened my
eyes as if in sleep and acted as if I was shocked. For the 1st time I
saw another cunt in front of me and a well sculpted beautiful naked body
of my dear aunt in front of me. She took my hand and placed it on her
breasts. She placed her now smelly cunt on my lips and ordered me to
lick it. Now I started squeezing her breasts and licking her pussy out
of which some white color fluid was coming out. She now started moaning.
Now I was aware that Raj was busy with my pussy all the time and again I
felt the sweet sensation building up inside me. I just closed my eyes
again to enjoy the pleasure without any inhibitions. After some time She
removed my hands from her breasts and moved away. Raj also stopped his
actions. I felt incomplete and really wanted to let out the steam inside
me. She came down on my pussy and started all over from where Raj had
left off . Now Raj came up and was starting to lick Radhika's pussy.

Then I heard Radhika saying to him that Neha is ready for him and Neha
is starting to leak. She then requested him teasingly to remebr I am a
virgin and treat me like a podhupennu(newly married lady). She requested
him to treat me softly tenderly step by step so that I am not hurt. He
replied that he will treat me carefully and assured her that soon I too
will be whoring bitch like Radhika. He came slowly lifted my legs and
started pushing his tip of the cock inside my watery sticky pussy. I was
wondering that how that big one will ever be accommodated inside my
virgin hole. Meanwhile Radhika again came up on my face slapped my
cheeks to open my eyes and deposited her pussy on my lips. I started to
lick her and catch her breasts. Meanwhile he entered inside me a little
more then massaged my navels and tummy part. Slowly he gave one more
push and I gave out a loud scream. I virgin pussy was breached and I
felt a lot of pain. Radhika softly moaned away and said there is nothing
to worry, its ok, it will be alright and everyone has to go thru this
pain once to enjoy its fruits for the rest of my life. Then I felt that
he removed his cock a little outside then gave another push inside. It
slithered a little more inside. He repeated is acts of violence inside
my pussy and then with a final push his whole missile went and logged
inside my bunker tightly.

I could feel his balls smashing in to my ass cheeks with a great force.
Now aunt Radhika leaked on my mouth. She too gave out a loud moan and
urged me to lick properly and put my tongue inside her which I willingly
did while He was stationary inside me. He didn't move at all. Finally
when I was through with her pussy and did the clean up act, which
satisfied her totally she moved away, and began sucking my breasts. He
then slowly and assuringly started his slow movements stroke by stroke.
The pain started disappearing and pleasure was taking its place. Deep
pleasurable twitches and passion started developing deep inside my
senses and thighs. (One has to be born a girl to really feel this
pleasure developing inside the body). He gradually increased his
rhythmic actions like an expert. I pushed away my aunt by now and lunged
on to him, caught his body and lifted my legs (the way I saw aunt doing
it when he screwing her). He started banging a whole speeder and his
balls were felt smashing in to my ass cheeks. I yelled moaned perspired,
convulsed writhed in pain and pleasure, which was sweeping inside me in
waves after waves engulfing me totally. I then felt my hands and legs
going limp and he let out load grunt and banged me real hard for a few
strokes and settled down slowly on top of me kissing my breasts and my
lips (1st time a guy kissed my lips which I will never forget). Passions
subsided and tilted my heads sideways with a satisfactory smile on my
face and saw aunt lighting up a cigarette. He got up poured 3 glasses of
drinks and handed to us. I asked and knew it was vodka and soda. I
hesitatingly drank it. Aunt taught me how to drink it. Meanwhile he
kissed me affectionately and left for the bathroom.

Aunt kissed me lovingly on my cheeks. Time was 330pm. Raj cleaned
himself up and told that he was already late and had to rush for a
meeting with his client and aunt allowed with a wink towards me. She
went and cleaned herself, took a shower, called up my house to inform my
parents that I was with her since I was not feeling well. She proffered
to request them to allow her to stay with her for the night, which they
agreed. I got up and my whole body was paining a lot. My legs were
aching. The bed was stained with blood. I took a warm shower for quiet a
long period till I got relaxed, dried myself, wrapped a towel and came
out to find that the bed sheet was changed. Aunt let out a skimpy
nightie for me and she too was wearing a knee length see through half
covered nightie. I put on mine and saw that it was also the same kind.
Meanwhile Raj left promising to come when called. I saw aunt giving him
a deep kiss on the lips with tongues locked for a while. He waved me
good-bye and left. Aunt came near me with her drinks and cigarette and
sat down. Suddenly I felt emptiness inside, got angry and started weeping.

Radhika caressed my heads and I leaned my head on her shoulders. I
mustered my courage and asked her why she did it and why I was also made
to go all through this. The answer I got changed my attitude totally
towards her forever. She told me that my uncle couldn't have proper sex
with her. He doesn't have sperm count and his erection too fades away
within a few seconds of insertion. Actually her hymen wasn't pierced
till 5yrs after marriage. He would not go full inside and used to leak
outside and withdraw the same after a 3-4 pushes. Raj was the only
person she had sex properly, he broke her hymen and made her a complete
lady. She was having sex with her for last one year. That's reason she
didn't had any child and started weeping. I now pitied on her. I forgot
my own travails and consoled her. She revealed that to forget that she
was cheating my uncle, she took refuge behind booze. Smoking was added
on later by Raj for fun. She said that she felt a great relief whenever
she smoked and had vodka. Raj brings her everything (Luckily he too
drinks vodka and smokes).

Then she told that she is making some arrangements so that she can
become pregnant but didn't say how. We completed our booze and had out
food silently. I commented that she looked very different and appealing
when she was smoking. She just smiled and asked me whether I wanted to
try once. I hesitated a little and nodded. She lighted a ciggi for me
and guided me how to inhale. I coughed out settled down had another drag
slowly. I took it deep inside and felt my lungs getting filled up with
smoke and released the same. I hit me along with the vodka inside me.
After a few drags I really felt assured and felt different and
confident. Whole of that night we didn't sleep. We prepared dinner
together, had 2 pegs each, smoked, learnt some of the bad words she and
Raj uses, discussed about Raj, had lesbian sex 2-3 times and finally
slept together full naked. Next day we woke up called mummy and said
that I will be home after having lunch at Radhika's house. We talked
little more freshened up and I Left. Thereafter we continued having our
discreet escapades and sometimes whenever possible Raj used to join us
and we had sex together. He was always kept busy satisfying the two hot
ever-demanding bitches together (till I got married and came to Pune).

After 5-6 months Radhika surprisingly got pregnant. I asked her who the
father was which she said it was uncle itself that she managed somehow.
She knew I didn't believe it and I really knew it was Raj and no one
else. Later on she had a 2nd child from him (both were boys). Raj after
5years of very intense and wild relationship with us, got married to a
simple sexy girl, moved to Delhi when he got transferred. Whenever he
comes to Trivandrum we enjoy together even now. He is in touch regularly
with both of us. In my next episode I will narrate you about my other
affairs before & after marriage, relation between my hubby and aunt and
his behavior etc about you will all be very much surprised to hear...so
till then bye..c u..do write to me back(only sincere broadminded decent
hassle free clean sexy hot wild couples and very matured, smart,
broadminded, humorous, understanding, well built & sex-experienced
married / single guys in and around Pune only.)


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *3296* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=974>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=974>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=974>

