CHAOS 73 had been a huge success from the day that it opened. Spurnersville was far from a big city; in fact, to call it a large town was stretching the truth a little bit. But despite the clubs that the urban areas had to offer, people came from far and wide to see what the buzz was about.
Long before the grand opening, when CHAOS 73 was just a dream in the minds of a few ambitious people, it was intended to be a club where anyone could enjoy the atmosphere. Whether they were VIP or working class, gay or straight, enjoyed drinking cosmos or preferred something harder to get the night started, they all came. They all came and they all loved it.
The club was three stories high, the first level resembling a sports bar, with the exception of the flashing lights and high voltage music. It was simply a place where you could relax at a table by yourself or with company, order drinks, and watch the people above you on the second level, the dance club. The dance floor was clear, so the guests sitting on the bottom could see what was going on directly above them. CHAOS 73 opened at 9:30, and the dance floor was packed until closing time at 4:00 am.
The top level was a luxurious strip club, with beautiful girls dancing not only on 3 stages, but tableside and in private VIP rooms as well. The third level was closed off and could not be seen from the other two. The great thing about CHAOS was that it was essentially three clubs in one, each one distinct but still carrying that same aura of "anything can happen", and guests could move freely between all three after paying a general admission.
Ownership of the club was divided amongst several investors, but Drew and Carmen were the actual managers of the club; arranging events, hiring help, and collecting feedback from the partiers. They both regularly dressed up and walked throughout the club anonymously, talking with random guests and finding out their likes and dislikes. After closing time, they would compare notes and determine ways to improve CHAOS even more. It was their baby, after all. Both successful in the world of business, CHAOS 73 was their first venture together after they were married.
Carmen sat in the first level of the bar, drinking a martini and watching a makeover show on The Learning Channel, paperwork spread out in front of her. "So much still to do..." she thought as she glanced over the coming month's budget. Yes, CHAOS was making triple the money they'd expected, but Carmen was always conservative with her money and didn't want to splurge right away.
In fact, Carmen was always conservative about everything, from her clothes to her sexuality. She was a beautiful woman, but rarely wore anything that showed off her gorgeous figure. And despite her beauty, Drew was the only man she had ever been with. Some of her girlfriends were shocked when they learned this, but she liked it that way. Drew had never failed to satisfy her. In fact, just thinking about all the ways that he DID satisfy her sparked a familiar tingling between her legs. Taking a quick look around to make sure she was alone, Carmen crossed her legs over her hand and rubbed her pussy lightly with her thumb, thinking about how good it felt when her husband licked and sucked on her clit.
Drew smiled smugly as he watched his wife through the clear floor of the second level. She did not know he was watching her, and even though what she was doing wouldn't get a second glance from others passing by, Drew knew what she was doing and that she was thinking about him. He adjusted the crotch of his pants around his hardening cock, and knew he could not watch for much longer. There was business to attend to. He grabbed his cell phone and started heading for the third level.
Carmen was startled when her cell phone started vibrating against her leg, then ringing. At first she resented the distraction, but then glanced at the caller ID.
"Hey baby!" she said, happily.
"Hey beautiful, I need you up on the third floor. I'm auditioning some new dancers. I could really use your input."
"My input?" She laughed. "Baby, I'm sure that your opinion on female strippers holds much more weight than mine."
"Please Carmen, if you help me now, I'll help you when we get home."
"Oh really? Well, in that case, I'll be right up."
Carmen climbed the steps from the first floor to the third with ease. She turned heads as she walked past the maintenance crew. Even with her conservative dress, it was obvious that Carmen had a small, tight, athletic figure. She was 5'2" and weighed around 110 pounds, so despite her best efforts, most tops brought attention to her C cup breasts. Her long, straight blonde hair, striking golden-brown eyes, and tan skin made her an all around knockout. Drew loved to show her off in front of other men, and was proud when Carmen's girlfriends gossiped to his guy friends about her having only been with him.
Carmen ran straight over to Drew and gave him a kiss as he reached around and grabbed a handful of her round ass, much to the envy of the maintenance men. "Come on, sexy, we've got a girl to audition. I was supposed to see two of them, and one didn't show, but I still need your opinion on whether or not she's suitable for the job."
Taking her husband's hand and following him through to the doors to the strip club, Carmen laughed, blushing a little. "Okay, baby, but I still don't know what you expect me to tell you." Drew just squeezed her hand and led her to a table in front of the main stage. The stage was made out of solid black marble, with a silver pole in the middle reaching all the way to the top of the high ceiling.
In a loud voice, Drew called out, "Hey Dave, you ready with that music?" Dave gave the sign from the DJ's booth. "Okay, Miss... uh... Eccentric, we are ready for you now."
From the booth behind them, Dave turned on the lights. Carmen and Drew both watched as an amazingly sexy woman walked out onto the stage in front of them. Eccentric was tall, 5'10" at least; with long legs and a slender but curvy figure with full breasts and a round, bouncy ass. Her dark hair was short and layered in the back, longer in the front with chunky red highlights framing her face. Her piercing blue eyes stood out, bright against her dark complexion.
"Good afternoon. I appreciate you taking the time to let me audition for you today." Her voice was surprisingly clear, her words carefully articulate.
"Thank you for coming," Drew responded. "My name is Drew Reynolds, this is my wife Carmen. We're the primary investors and managers of CHAOS 73. I see that you've already provided us with all the necessary paperwork, proof of age and all. Let's see... your application says that you've been dancing for 3 years at The Venus Hall, is that right?"
"Yes, Mr. Reynolds."
"May I ask why you're leaving The Venus Hall?"
"Everyone wants to be a part of CHAOS 73, sir."
"Excellent answer!" Drew beamed with pride. "Okay, Eccentric, since you've already come prepared with your music, why don't you show us what you've got?"
Dave dimmed the lights and started the music. Eccentric was wearing a short, see through black dress. She pulled it off slowly to the beat of the techno music, leaving her in only a small black g-string that tied in bows on each side and chunky black heels that wrapped up around her legs. Moving her body in perfect rhythm to the song, she made her way to the pole and climbed to the top and started sliding down seductively, grinding her pussy against the pole as she inched downward to the floor.
Carmen had been to the third floor before, and she particularly liked going with Drew. She knew that Drew would never be unfaithful to her, so she was able to enjoy seeing his reaction to watching other women. She looked to see his reaction to watching this woman now. Knowing he was aroused, Carmen reached over and laid her hand on his groin, rubbing his hard on slowly through his pants.
"Easy," he whispered, at the same putting his hand on top of her's, ensuring more contact between her hand and his cock. They both watched as Eccentric moved her beautiful body sensually on the stage. She made eye contact with them both the whole time she was dancing, and when the bright lights reflected off her eyes it was almost an eerie effect. All too soon the song was done, and the show was over. Dave brought the lights up.
"You did an excellent job, Eccentric. Very impressive," Drew said, making a few comments on the paper in front of him. "However, there is just one more part of your audition." Eccentric shot him a curious look, not sure what else she needed to do to get their approval. "I need to see what you can do when it comes to private lap dances."
Carmen knew she didn't need to be jealous, but felt like this was going a little bit too far. "I don't think so, Drew," she said, her voice giving away her discontent.
Drew chuckled a little and added, "For my wife, of course. Follow me back here into the VIP area. I want to see you give my wife a lap dance."
"No, Drew, really... that's not necessary." Carmen looked a little uncomfortable at the idea. She had seen the girls dance for Drew, but had never gotten a lap dance herself before.
"Don't be silly, baby. It'll be fine. Besides, what you do on stage is no indication of what you can do one on one. I'm thinking about making a private lap dance part of every audition."
Carmen reluctantly agreed. Drew walked over to the stage and lent Eccentric a hand in climbing down the long steps from the tall stage. She followed them to the VIP area. Eccentric didn't exactly feel like having to fulfill some dickhead's fantasy about watching a girl dance for his wife just to get a job; but from what she had heard, the girls at CHAOS 73 were making a ton of money. She needed the money. Not that she wasn't attracted to Carmen, Eccentric loved dancing for and sleeping with beautiful women. She just wasn't crazy about doing it just because every guy has the bisexual fantasy. Oh well, money's money, and Eccentric knew that if she impressed Drew, she had this job in the bag.
Drew led Carmen to a large, comfortable red chair in a medium size room with low, sexy lighting. "When ever you're ready, Dave, "Drew yelled to the DJ. "And whenever you are ready, Miss Eccentric."
Dave started playing a slow R & B song with a deep beat and highly sexual undertone. Carmen sat stiff and slightly uncomfortable as Eccentric straddled her, grinding her pussy against Carmen's stomach. She ran her hands over Carmen's breasts as she rubbed her own in Carmen's face, tracing her nipples over Carmen's lips. Eccentric slid her hands under the other girl's shirt and ran her long fingernails over Carmen's hard nipples through her bra, as she moved her mouth to Carmen's ear and started licking lightly. She had used the motion of her hips to push Carmen's legs further apart so that now the two girls' pussies were grinding against each other.
After a few minutes of this, Eccentric stood up in front of Carmen, still moving rhythmically, and she slowly untied one side of her g-string. Seeing Carmen's eyes get wide, she playfully twirled the strings on the other side before untying them and letting her g-string fall to the floor, revealing her perfectly shaved pussy. Putting her knees on the arm of the big red chair, she climbed up until her pussy was level with Carmen's face and began grinding gently as looked over at Drew and played with her nipples.
Carmen was shocked. Despite the discomfort she had felt at the idea, she couldn't help but find herself turned on as she felt this beautiful woman's pussy brush against her face. She breathed in deeply to smell Eccentric's scent; Carmen knew only her own but was excited by the smell – so different but so familiar. She had never been attracted to women, and the idea of sleeping with anyone other than her husband, LET ALONE another female had never crossed her mind. But as she watched, she fought back urges to touch and to taste.
Eccentric slid off the arms, turned around, and put her legs back into position, giving Carmen not only a full view of her pussy but her ass as well. She put one hand on the chair between Carmen's legs to steady herself, and placed the other one on Carmen's thigh. She worked her way up the other girl's leg until she reached the middle. In the slow rhythm of the song, the way she did everything, Eccentric rubbed Carmen's clit through her pants. The contact made Carmen moan loudly. She arched her back and laid her head against the back of the chair. Her reaction only encouraged Eccentric, who began rubbing a little harder and faster. She also pulled herself backwards, making sure to keep her pussy in Carmen's view.
Drew was turned on enough just watching another woman touch his wife, but hearing Carmen moan and watching her squirm as this other woman pleasured her almost drove him over the edge. His cock was dying to escape from his khakis and ravage both women right then and there. Of course, Drew knew that wasn't possible. First of all, to touch Eccentric would hurt Carmen so badly, and secondly, this was a business meeting after all... But he knew just as soon as they were alone, he would have his wife, right then and there.
Again, all too quickly, the song was over. Eccentric slid down from the chair. She reached down and picked her panties from the floor. As she stood up, she leaned over and gave Carmen a kiss on the cheek. "So when will I know about the job?" she asked.
"Eccentric, you have the job. Thank you for giving us such a good show." Drew could hardly speak. He was trying to find the best way to stand to minimize the visibility of his raging hard on.
"Well, you have a beautiful wife, so you made it easy on me. Can I start tonight?"
"Absolutely. Doors open at 9:30, we expect you here at 9:00 sharp. Bring your own wardrobe."
"Of course. See you two later."
Carmen was still sitting speechless. She was so turned on, she wasn't sure if she could move. As soon as Eccentric was gone, Drew grabbed Carmen up and started kissing her deep and hard, moving his tongue around to taste every bit of her mouth. He ran his hands over her body, squeezing each breast as he came to it, and then pulling her shirt off over her head, her bra quickly following it. He lowered his head to lick and suck on her nipples as they both began frantically un-fastening each other's pants.
Normally, Carmen and Drew were very into foreplay, but at this moment they both wanted instant satisfaction. Carmen had Drew's pants down first, stroking his large cock, making him moan as he pulled down her thin black pants to reveal see through pink lacey boy short underwear. He took a minute's pause from undressing her to run his finger along her slit, and feeling how wet the other girl's touch had made her turned him on even more. Carmen's panties were off quickly, and she turned around and bent over the red chair, letting her husband know exactly how she wanted him to fuck her.
Positioning himself behind her, Drew entered her, hard and fast, and began slamming away at Carmen's warm, wet pussy, feeling his balls bounce against her hot little ass as she matched his motions, moaning with every thrust. Carmen held onto the chair with one hand for balance, while the other quickly found its way to her clit. She began rubbing herself hard and fast.
Carmen usually wasn't into talking dirty, but something came over her. She didn't even know where the words were coming from. Between moans, she said, "You liked seeing that girl dance for me, didn't you? Didn't you love watching her touch me? Wouldn't you love to watch me lick her pussy? Wouldn't you love to fuck me like this while she came in my mouth?"
As she said it, she could feel her orgasm building, getting closer with every hard thrust of Drew's cock. The thoughts plus the physical sensation pushed her over the edge; she shook so hard from the inside out, screaming, moaning Drew's name. As she came, the constriction of her already tight pussy against Drew's cock made him explode suddenly inside her. Both collapsing in the floor, Drew wrapped an arm around Carmen and pulled her close to him as they decided to settle down for a nap before opening time.
The party was on full blast at CHAOS 73, as usual, when Carmen decided to go mingle with the guests. It made her feel slightly self-conscious to dress in a revealing way, but in order to pass herself off as just another face in the crowd, she had to fit in. Wearing a light blue strapless top and a short white miniskirt, she gave her husband a kiss and left their table on the first floor for the dance party on the second. Drew stayed at the table, drinking a beer and enjoying the occasional glances he got up Carmen's skirt as she shook her ass on the dance floor.
As he watched Carmen, he noticed someone else approaching her. It was Eccentric. She came from behind, put her hands on Carmen's hips, and started dancing with her. Carmen spun around quickly to see who it was. She was shocked to see the girl from earlier, dressed in a short green halter dress which revealed the white g-string beneath it. "Eccentric, what are you doing? Aren't you supposed to be working?"
"I'm taking a break," Eccentric said coolly, as she returned her hands to Carmen's hips and began dancing against her. "I thought I would come find you and we could finish what we started earlier."
"I, uh, I – my – Drew would –" Carmen tried to find the words. "I don't think..."
Eccentric leaned in close to Carmen and whispered in her ear, "Eat my pussy and then go kiss your husband. See how 'upset' he is." Using Carmen's hips to guide her, Eccentric pushed her against the wall and kissed her.
Carmen was hesitant at first, but was soon returning the kisses with the same enthusiasm. Soon she found herself reaching out to touch Eccentric's gorgeous body, rubbing and squeezing her breasts. Eccentric took one of Carmen's hands from her breasts and brought it to her pussy. Carmen slid her hand inside Eccentric's panties, feeling the smooth, soft shaved skin.
Eccentric spread her legs a little. She broke the kiss only long enough to whisper, "Finger fuck my pussy."
Carmen did as she was told; she worked her way down Eccentric's slit until she found her opening, which was pouring juices. She slid her finger inside, probing all around, enjoying the feeling of the other girl. Eccentric moaned and leaned up against Carmen, as she slid another and yet another finger into her pussy; moving them in and out quickly and coming back in hard. She tried to do to Eccentric what she thought felt good when Drew fingered her.
Drew, from his seat below, could see everything. He was surprised, but turned on. His wife, his "good girl" was fingering another woman, and in public for that matter! Ensuring a position where no one could see him, he pulled out his cock and started jacking.
Carmen slid her fingers out and brought them to her lips, licking and sucking the juices from Eccentric's pussy off of them, eager to taste her. Carmen, becoming less nervous, grabbed Eccentric's hips and changed position so that the other girl was against the wall. She kneeled down below Eccentric, and reached up to slide her panties down. Eccentric was much taller than Carmen, so she squatted down a little to give Carmen better access.
Since Eccentric was squatting, it didn't take much effort on Carmen's part to spread open her lips and reveal her clit. She gave it a few tentative licks at first, and then dove in, pushing her tongue hard against the other girl's clit, licking in quick circular motions. Eccentric moaned and grinded against her face. With her free hand, she slid a finger inside of the other girl's pussy. When her finger was soaking wet, she reached around behind Eccentric and slid her finger slowly and gently into the other girl's asshole. Eccentric grabbed a handful of Carmen's blonde hair and pushed her face even harder against her pussy.  
"That's right, lick my pussy and fuck my ass... oh, you're gonna make me cum!" Eccentric moaned as Carmen got faster and faster. Her whole body started to shake and as soon as she was in the midst of cumming, she used her hold on Carmen's hair and pulled down, away from her clit. She rubbed Carmen's face all up and down her slit, covering it with the wetness from her orgasm.
Eccentric regained her balance, stood up, and helped Carmen to her feet. Giving her another little kiss on the cheek, she said, "Well, baby, I have to go dance now. Don't worry, I'll return the favor later."
Carmen looked around, in shock at what she had just done. Everyone was so caught up in dancing, no one even seemed to be paying attention... well, almost no one. She looked down and saw Drew, still in his seat below, looking straight at her. She ran down the steps, expecting him to be furious with her. "Drew! Drew! I'm so sorry..." He silenced her with a long, passionate kiss.
"Don't be sorry, baby. That was the hottest thing I've ever seen."
Smiling mischievously, Carmen said, "I'm glad baby, because now it's your turn." Taking Drew by the hand, she led him towards the steps. 'Maybe there's nothing wrong with being a bad girl every now and then,' Carmen thought, leading her husband on to the dance floor...