A Secret Audience 

Anne was nervous... Frightened was more like it. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest with a 
mosh pit tempo. But still, she didn't move, hidden like she was in her brother's closet, peering into the dim 
room at the writhing forms on the bed. She couldn't move now even if she wanted to. It was a new thrill 
coursing through her adolescent body, a combination of fear and arousal that made her knees shake, and her 
breath shallow. 

Marc had sent her to bed soon after Beth had knocked on the door. Anne had protested, arguing that their 
parents would have let her stay up another half-hour, but Marc was adamant. Of course, Anne knew what 
her older brother was up to. He was going to make out with Beth, give her hickeys, and didn't want her 
around causing a distraction. That's when she thought of the plan to hide in his closet. But Anne didn't 
know that Marc and Beth were planning on taking full advantage of the house while their parents were 
gone. When they came into his room, half-dressed and pawing at each other, Anne knew she was in deep 
trouble. She watched as her brother pulled away Beth's jeans, and panties. Trembled at the sight of his 
cock, released by Beth's eager hands. And listened intently at their moans and sighs as Marc and Beth 
explored one another's bodies with fingers, and mouths. 

Now, Beth was riding Mark's hard cock, sliding her sex rhythmically up and down, making her long black 
hair sway and bounce. Anne's instinct was to touch herself, to run her young fingers over her hairless pussy. 
She could feel small shocks of intense sensation when her hard nipples brushed the flannel of her pajama 
shirt. Beth continued to ride her brother, panting and whispering things about "cocks" and her "cunt." Anne 
strained her eyes to see more, to watch her brother's hands as they slid up Beth's torso and held her heavy 
breasts. Now Marc was grunting. A sound Anne had never heard from her brother before, a low animal 
grunt, in time with his plunging cock. 

Anne's instinct won the battle with her will, and her hand strayed between her legs. So intent was she on 
watching the scene on the bed that she hadn't realized it until her fingers touched off a thunderous release in 
her pussy. Anne barely had the presence of mind to bite her lip to keep from crying out in pleasure. Marc 
and Beth were almost violent now. Beth was screaming behind her closed mouth, Marc was grunting faster, 
his voice becoming a series of growls. Anne could see her brother's balls bounce and sway as he thrust 
higher, deeper. Then, suddenly, Beth threw her head back, arched her shoulders to the dim room, and 
opened her mouth in a silent, repressed, shout. Marc arched his back completely off the bed, and cried out. 
Anne couldn't help it anymore, her knees gave way under the pressure of her own climax, and she fell back 
into her brother's closet, knocking over ball bats, boots, shoes, and his guitar. 

Light poured into the dark closet. Anne squinted at the two figures standing before her. "What the fuck?" It 
was Marc's voice. "I can't believe it, it's Annie," Beth replied. "What are you doing...? How long have you 
been...? What did you...?" Marc never finished any of his questions as he stared down at his little sister, 
panting, stunned, with her pajama top still bunched around her waist, and her young pussy shining with her 
lubrican'ts. Beth smiled, "God, that's sooo hot. Let's use her!" Marc stared as if in a trance. He numbly 
allowed Beth to shoulder him aside and help Anne to her feet. "Come on baby, It's no fun to watch." Beth 
helped the girl from the tangle in the closet. Anne felt like she was in a dream, she stared at Beth, unsure 
what to do, amazed at the older girl's breasts, and pubic mound, covered by a well trimmed patch of hair, 
leaking her brother's white cum. 

Now it was Marc's turn to feel his heart pound. Beth was serious! He could see her leading his baby sister 
to his bed. He stood still, stunned by the turn of events. Beth helped Anne crawl onto the bed. "You're so 
pretty. Why would you ever want to hide such a pretty face?" Beth leaned forward and softly kissed Anne 
on the lips, gently parting them with her tongue. Anne's eyes grew wide at first, then softened as she 
returned Beth's kiss. She timidly pushed her tongue forward into Beth's mouth, her breathing grew deeper 
as she kissed her brother's girlfriend. Beth wrapped her arms around Anne, pulled her closer. Beth broke 
the kiss and tilted her head, pressing her lips to the younger girl's neck. Beth smiled to herself when she felt 
Anne's arms wrap around her, squeezing her tight. The girl was almost ready. Marc snapped out of his 
silence. He walked towards his bed, watching his sister and girlfriend neck. 

Beth's hand was under Anne's shirt, rubbing the small breast, teasing the nipple. Anne had started allowing 
her own hands to roam over Beth's sweat slickened back. Marc's cock was hard, and he began to crawl on 
the bed. "Uh Uhhhhh," Beth chided. "Not yet big guy, I'll tell you when. Just stand there and enjoy." Beth 
pulled away from Anne. "Take off your shirt, hon. Let me see you." Beth's eyes became eager as Anne 
shyly pulled the shirt over her head. "Now lay back, that's a good girl. Show Marc how ready you are." 
Anne lay back, letting Beth take complete control of the situation. She looked into her brother's eyes, then 
slowly took in his body. His cock was hard, and big, like it had been when it was pumping in and out of 
Beth. Anne wondered if he would grunt and growl for her too. Then Beth's face blocked the view. Beth 
silently mouthed the word, "Relax" and smiled, kissing Anne again. Anne could feel Beth's breasts press 
against her own, causing ripples of pleasure to course through her body. Anne's legs trembled when she felt 
Beth slide down her young body. She closed her eyes. And Beth heard Anne's satisfied sigh when she 
parted the younger girl's legs. Anne's pussy shined with arousal, and her small clit peeked from the folds. 

Beth leaned forward and tasted Anne's sex. Anne opened her eyes at the sensation. Staring down her body, 
she could see Beth's dark hair move as she nodded between her legs. Beth's eyes peered up and shone with 
desire. Anne was beside herself with pleasure. Beth's tongue was everywhere, on her clit, over her folds, in 
her pussy. Anne started to grunt softly to herself. Beth drew her tongue up the inside of Anne's thigh 
sending another wave of aroused pleasure through the girl's body. Beth knew she had Anne where she 
wanted her. She finished long licks up the girl's thighs, then kissed the little clit. Beth sucked gently at first, 
coaxing Anne's clit past her lips. She grabbed Anne's breasts to hold the girl steady. Then Beth furiously 
swatted at Anne's clit with her tongue, driving the girl to an intense, screaming orgasm. Beth pulled away 
from Anne's pussy and looked over her shoulder, cum dripping from her chin. "She's ready Marc," Beth 
smiled. "Are you?" Marc took a deep breath, and composed himself as Beth helped Anne to her hands and 
knees. Beth lay at the head of the bed, looking over Anne's shoulder. "Come on lover! Take your sister's 
cherry for me!" 

Marc hesitated, until he heard Anne's small voice. Even at the shy whisper it seemed to echo through the 
room. "Please Marc." Marc climbed on the bed, looked down at his sister's ass, spread legs, and open 
pussy. Anne looked over her shoulder back at her brother. Stared at his cock, and after biting her lip, as if 
unsure what to say, smiled. "Take me Marc!" It was too much for Marc. He grabbed Anne's hips and placed 
his cock at the opening of her pussy. Anne rocked back slightly, touching the head of Marc's cock. Then 
with a firm push, Marc drove his cock into his sister, grunting as he broke her cherry. Anne's arms 
collapsed and she dropped onto Beth's chest. "Oh God! Oh God! This is even better than I thought," Beth 
said, watching Marc fuck Anne. Beth grabbed Anne's hair and guided the girl's face to her nipple. "Yes! 
Yes! Fuck your sister! That's it take her!" Anne was beyond words; she operated on pure instinct. Marc's 
cock was touching places she didn't even realize she had. She opened her mouth, and suckled at Beth's tit, 
rubbing the other with her hand. Marc's grunting turned into the now familiar growl. Anne could feel his 
cock pound into her pussy again and again and again. It was incredible. Then Marc's cock swelled in 
Anne's pussy. Anne couldn't believe it! It was getting so big! She raised her head back and screamed her 
orgasm at Beth when she felt her brother's cock shoot jet after jet of cum into her belly. Beth held the girl 
through the shuddering orgasm, and smiled at Marc. "It's ok, hon. You can rest now." Marc collapsed in a 
heap next to Beth and his sister. Completely spent. 
