I guess I should start by introducing myself. I'm a 40-year-old widow who has been raising my teen age son single-handedly for 5 years now. My husband, Dan, died after an agonizing battle with cancer, but he left us well provided for, so we have had no material worries. My son has been great once we both got past the worst of the grieving, and he has done all he could to become the "man of the house." He's now 18, but even when he was younger he did a great job of being low-maintenance. He got good grades, stays out of serious trouble and has good friends. At the moment he's living at home with me and working to help save money for college.
I work hard at my job, and find that to be a good way to channel my life's energies at the moment. Although friends continue to encourage me to date, I do not find the prospect appealing at all. I don't feel a great void in my life, but do yearn for physical touch--everything from hugs to sexual relations. That is the hardest thing to integrate into my present life in a healthy way.
My wonderful son, Jason, gave me a very thoughtful Christmas present this year, but I'm sure he never foresaw what use I would find for it, and what it would mean for us.
I've had some backaches recently, and I can't get massages as often as I'd like--I absolutely adore them. One day in the mall we looked at massage chairs, and Jason wanted to get one for me to use. He was really disappointed to find out how much they cost--they were way too expensive for his meager budget.
For my Christmas present, though, he found a massage mat that lays on the bed and massages from head to toe. There's also a heat setting that is wonderful. The massage comes from 7 points along the body, and one can vary the intensity of vibration. There are also settings to focus the vibration at one area or another, or to let it move wave-like along the mat at various speeds. It's great for a sore back.
The other day, I had done a vigorous workout and was feeling a little tired and achy. Jason was at his friends' house for the evening, so I took a hot bath and relaxed. When I came back into the bedroom, I saw the mat and decided to have a massage.
I slipped off my robe, laid down on the mat face-up and started the heat and slow vibration. I could feel the vibrations radiating through my body, and felt wonderfully relaxed. I pulled the blanket up over my naked body, and closed my eyes. After a brief time, I started the wave vibration slowly.
I must have dozed off for a minute or two, and when I awoke I realized that the wave vibrations were feeling very good when they reached my buttocks. In fact, I realized that I was having feelings that I had not experienced in quite some time. I smiled to myself and set the vibrations to remain in that area--I was curious to see how these feelings might develop.
The vibrations soon had me feeling more sexually aroused. I had always loved having my ass stroked as part of foreplay, and the vibrations were doing the same job for me. I went back to the wave setting but made it faster and with stronger vibrations. This became incredibly teasing and served only to heighten my arousal.
Again, I focused the vibrations on my ass and turned them up. My nipples swiftly became erect and I knew that I needed to have an orgasm to relieve the rapidly building tension. I reached up with my hands and began to work my nipples--teasing, pulling twisting and squeezing them.
I increased the vibrations, squeezed my thighs tightly together and began rotating my hips. I had never masturbated this way, but the slow buildup was tantalizing in a way that I loved. When using my hand, I just rubbed furiously and came quickly, but this was so much more like fucking. Building tension in my legs, feeling the sensations build slowly and most of all just feeling so sexy as I fucked my hips in slow, circles. I began to feel like a filthy slut and loved it. I imagined a long line of men just waiting to get inside me, begging to be next. The first was a large, self-assured, muscular man with a huge erection. He pushed the others out of the way and said simply, "she's mine."
He climbed on top of me and entered swiftly and deeply--no fooling around. He had a very smug look on his face and was clearly enjoying having me at his mercy and totally available for his personal use. Once he entered me, however, he found that my pussy was wet, warm and tight in a way that was giving him difficulties. Combined with my pelvic movements, he quickly found that his dick got hugely erect and the head began to swell. He slowed his thrusting, hoping to last longer, but my pussy did it's deadly work and he was soon shooting gobs of semen deeply inside me. With a defeated look, he let his limp dick slip out of me.
The other men laughed softly as he proved to not have the goods to back up his egotistical behavior. Another guy took advantage of the pause and moved into position. He fared no better than the first man: my pussy quickly milked him dry. Numbers three, four, five, six, seven and eight did no better. By this time, by ass and thighs were covered with the sperm that they all shot in me. In reality, I was grinding my hips hard and began to feel my arousal building to its climax.
Becoming aware of the mat again, I raised the vibrations to maximum. I placed the heel of my hand against my pussy and pressed down firmly as I continued to grind my hips. I was close.
I now saw myself lying in a large field, freshly plowed and ready for planting. The damp, black earth smelled delightfully musky and reached around my body caressingly as I settled deeply into it. I was aware of a planting machine in the distance. It moved forward slowly, stopped and then a large tool extended down and rotated slowly as it buried the seed deeply in the earth. The machine moved forward a few inches and the large tool again thrust down into the soft, yielding earth. I was directly in its path, but felt no urge to move. The earth gripped me in its secure, warm, embrace.
I continued to rotate, burying my ass deeper into the earth, even as the machine moved over me. I smiled as I looked up and saw the beautiful, large tool that would bury seed into me and the fertile earth.
The machine hummed softly as he extended his tool. It began rotating as it descended toward me, gently parting my aching lips and entering the space where the men had failed so miserably. It continued to bore into both me and the rich earth as I eagerly rotated my groin toward it. I realized that the beautifully competent machine was my husband, Dan, come back to me in a supremely healthy and virile body. I began moaning as my orgasm began, my body shuddering, arching, receiving, aching for more penetration as Dan drilled his seed deeply into my fertile body--my body that was one with the mother of us all, the good, rich earth.