Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 13:

Even though he had this extremely naughty and horny look on his face from touching his first pussy, my pussy, Ben clearly couldn't see just HOW intensely aroused he had made me by grabbing me by surprise and holding me by my crotch like that. I am his now, he just bought me with that down payment! There was one thing missing with this though...Ben, the good boy that he is, was only holding the outside of me. He didn't dare slide any fingers inside without asking me or do anything else without my permission. This outer level grope was his limit. On the one hand I really appreciated that and how he respected my feelings and consent. On the other hand, it frustrated me greatly and made me crave being truly and completely ravaged and taken. I wanted him to grab my pussy by the inside and then drag it and the rest of me kicking and screaming onto that huge dick of his. I want to be his conquest, I want to be at his mercy! And damnit, I'm just horny enough to actually tell him this.

While holding on to his shoulders tightly, I grabbed enough of my wits to talk, hastily yet hoarsely telling him in a throaty voice "Ben...Ben my love, sexy boy, you beautiful genius you: I have a third secret. Sophie Vos has an intense, unstoppable, insane, massive, fucking overpowering fetish for being grabbed, held, slammed against a wall, groped, restrained, pinned on the floor, dominated, and molested with merciless penetration by a man who just takes my body without asking! And you just grabbed my pussy without warning.... Break time is over! Take me. Kiss me. Bite me. Taste me. Fuck me. Don't ask. Don't apologize. Don't hold back. Don't fucking stop. Don't let me move or escape. Make me your toy. Make me cum over and over again until my pussy breaks. Touch me everywhere, grope every inch of me inside and out until I scream for you and even then don't you...fucking...dare...stop! Do you understand me?"

After I got done saying all of that, I had a momentary bout of regret worrying that I came on too strongly. I knew that I sounded psycho. Honestly I am psycho today. He was sweating bullets after my depraved ranting, but I could physically feel the intensity of his arousal in that moment through his fingers on my most sensitive anatomy. His grip on my pussy tightened and his hand twitched as a response to my raving. His dick throbbed upwards with such an intensity that it took 5 whole seconds to relax back down into it's "rested" hard-as-a-rock position.

He looked me dead in the eye, both of us afraid to blink, as he answered me "Yes ma'am"

My regret vanished in a flash when Ben lifted me up a foot or so with one hand under my arm pit and the other hand still holding my pussy. He just lifted me into the air BY MY PUSSY! God, even my wild perverted imagination never managed to dream up something like that to fantasize about it, and my sweet innocent boy just did it to me anyway. It didn't even hurt really, it felt hot as fuck. With me airborne for a few seconds, he carefully slams my back into one of the lockers making sure to not hurt me in the process. With his left hand he grabbed both of my wrists, pinning them above my head against the locker. God yes. I tried to struggle free, just to see how trapped I was, and my arms didn't move at all. I then pulled as hard as I could, but still I couldn't break free. Yes yes yes! Ben then started rubbing my pussy up and down with his right hand. YES YES YES!!!

I moaned loudly "Yes, perfect! I love you!"

Ben then kissed me, holding my lips in place with his lips as he lightly began to try out using his tongue. Meanwhile his hand switches from rubbing my pussy to instead trying to sneak inside of it. He explores my mouth with his tongue while his hand is exploring the outside of my lips. He gets dangerously close to the entrance only to miss it, either by accident or just to tease and torture me. I didn't know which and I didn't care. I wasn't going to help him, I wanted him to find my hole on his own and be the first human being on this entire earth besides me to ever stick part of their body inside of it. I wanted him to claim my vagina as his own. He kept naively returning to the middle regions of my pussy lips which was just a little bit too high, and it was driving me crazy with anticipation waiting for him to go just one inch lower. Weirdly enough, though, I found myself wiggling my hips around and around as I tried to dodge his hand and its actions, because I was finding the chase and the anticipation irresistible.

My boy let go of his kiss for a second to ask me "Do...um...do we need a safe word first? You know, some way for me to know if you really want me to let you go and aren't just playing?"

That is probably a really good idea that me, in my desperation, never even considered. I answer "You're right. Um..Coffee. I'll use that as an easy-to-hear word. But until I say that word, you don't stop no matter what I say, what I do, how hard I struggle, or how loudly I scream...got it? I want to try my hardest to escape and save myself, but I want to lose and lose badly to your power. I want you to conquer me! Is that ok?"

I could see that Ben was extremely new to this type of depraved fantasy, it was written all over his face, but some part of him was finding the idea just as sexy as I was. He answered me back "Yes ma'am!"

He then slammed my restrained wrists up against the locker to make a loud noise, sending a shiver through me, as his other hand resumed trying to find its way inside of me. I moaned to him "I love that you keep calling me 'ma'am' when you answer me, that's turning into a HUGE turn-on very quickly"

Ben bites the side of my neck, sending me to the moon and back with intense pleasure. He chomps and nibbles me as my eyes roll back into my skull. He is going to leave a mark if he doesn't settle down, but if it happens I will wear that mark as a badge of honor! His mouth starts exploring my collar, nibbling and kissing me. This is amazing. I love this. I thrash about trying to escape his sexy bites and kisses, but it's all play. That mouth is sucking the stress out of my body with every sinful contact on my bare skin.

After a few more seconds of his hand feeling around and searching, I finally felt the tip of his finger breach me slightly. I jump in shock, not even playing this time, just pure animal preservation instincts. He noticed that he finally found my entrance and returned to that area. I am twisting my hips forwards and backwards, side to side, trying desperately to evade his finger. I kick my legs around and pull my arms with every ounce of strength that I have. Nobody has ever put any part of themselves inside of my body. This was about to be the first time ever! I'm trembling with excitement while fighting the inevitable. I'm trying to win yet I'm praying that I lose. God I put everything I have into trying to escape or stop him somehow from getting that finger inside of my pussy, but still this strong man holds me in place. I'm helpless, truly helpless, 100% at his mercy. AND I LOVE IT!!!

As his finger finally finds the entrance again I play-beg him frantically "Oh no! Nobody has ever touched me there before, never ever! Don't stick your fingers in my virgin pussy, that's private. If you go inside of me you'll be the first person EVER to do so!"

I was honestly trying to act scared, but I couldn't have failed worse if I tried. I emulated the worst kind of porn acting without meaning to do so. I could see Ben getting into the roleplay now, though, and the moment his middle finger found the sweet spot it slipped RIGHT inside of my vagina. It went straight in with how lubricated I was, clear passed the knuckle. BEN'S FINGER IS INSIDE OF MY PUSSY!! I feel it part me, feel it dig into my flesh and claim it like a flagpole claims the moon. OhmyGodohmyGodohmyGod! I gasp and make some shrieking sound that sounded like a singer trying to hit a high note only for her voice to crack. I think I scared Ben with the noise thinking he actually hurt me, because he froze suddenly. Not wanting him to worry, I immediately follow that up with a sexy moan to signal that this feels amazing. And it does! Feel amazing. A piece of a boy's body is inside of me! Am I still a virgin now? Maybe? Pointless question, I'm getting that dick too before this afternoon is over with.

Ben starts moving his finger in and out of me and it's sending shivers through me. His technique is amateur as hell, but the pure rush of being touched inside of my vaginal cavity by a sexy naked boy's finger more than makes up for any skill deficit Ben had. My pussy is erupting in pleasure, to the point where I can't even pretend to fight back any more. Ben could hold my arms with a finger. Actually my knees are weakening so I have to lean way backwards against the lockers to not fall down. This has the side effect of thrusting my pelvis out for him, which lets him get even more leverage penetrating me. He starts speeding up and the moaning and whining coming from me speeds up as well. The faster he goes, the faster I make sounds. Suddenly he slows down, so I feel myself slowing down and quieting in my moaning as well. Next he speeds back up, only to once again slow down, with my moans following suit. I think this brat of a boy is seriously trying to play my pussy like a musical instrument! And even knowing this, I'm still singing him a song with every movement of his finger in me.

I have never had an orgasm from just internal stimulation before in my life. I've always needed to rub my clit to get that happy finish. Somehow, though, somehow this sexy boy ravaging me speeds up like crazy and pushes me to the point where I suddenly cum without even remotely expecting to do so. I screamed, and I mean I SCREAMED when it hit. There's no way that he didn't notice that one. I'm actually really afraid that there might be somebody outside that noticed that one! And my legs went out in the process. Ben wasn't ready to catch me, even though he was holding my arms above my head and had his finger in my pussy. When I unexpectedly went dead weight, I went down and took him with me as we stumbled sideways.

Once we hit the ground, I was on my back and the very naked, very hard Ben had fallen on top of me facing me. Ben was on top of me! NAKED Ben was on top of NAKED me! Ben's dick was pushing hard into my upper thigh, only a couple inches away from my pussy which had just reached the highest point of pleasure from just a mere finger. You could fit a half-dozen of those fingers inside that beautiful dick. I couldn't even begin to imagine how intense that was going to feel once it was in me.

I pitifully apologized "Um...sorry for falling. But this is nice!"

Ben smirked "Yes, yes it is"

He then wrapped his right arm around my shoulders and pulled me into a deep kiss. His left hand, meanwhile, started RUBBING THE TOP OF MY CLIT! Holy crap this boy found the sweet spot instantly. I don't know how he did it. Maybe he's seen as much porn as I have, I don't know. But oh my God his hand is rubbing the top of my clitoral hood in circles like a goddamn pro! His finger-insertion technique was good-ish, but his clit rubbing is straight FIRE! I am moaning into his mouth like crazy, and I'm struggling to regulate my breathing at all. I try breathing out of my nose but it is so hard to keep it together when my body is lost in bliss like this. I'm 100% done with fighting to escape, that game is over now. I wrap my arms around him and hold on for dear life as his hand takes my virgin pussy on a roller coaster of ecstasy with no breaks quickly.

I break the kiss just so that I can scream frantically "Oh fuck that is perfect, that's perfect! Keep doing that, don't stop, oh my God that is fucking amazing, you are so fucking good at this!"

It occurs to me that I am swearing like a sailor. It also occurs to me that I don't give a fuck. Ben obeys my request and keeps doing exactly what he was doing, and before I knew it I experience orgasm #3. This one is intense, but at least I was ready for it and didn't make a complete fool of myself during it like I did the other two. Unfortunately (or fortunately) me not making a scene meant that he didn't know that I came this time, so he never stopped rubbing me at full speed. My clit was getting very sensitive, but this continued contact still felt really good. It didn't take long until I was back to moaning and squeezing him with my arms, holding on until #4 finally hit me.

Immediately after orgasm #4 all pleasure down there instantly shifted to pain from my overstimulated love button, so I had to cry out "COFFEE!"

Ben quickly let me go completely, sitting up with both arms up in the air. I don't think he realized at first why I said that just then so he just reflexively quit all contact at once to be on the safe side.

I closed my eyes shyly, moved my hand to gently massage my pussy down from the burning, and meekly told Ben my embarrassing situation "Owie. Cumming that much made it start to hurt."

"Are you ok?" he asked me, real concern in his voice. "Did I do something wrong?"

I opened my eyes to look at him and replied "No not one bit. The opposite! I'm fine, I just need a time out. You are amazing! Seriously Ben, I almost don't believe that you're a virgin with how good you are at rubbing my clit, that was perfect. Literally perfect. Dude, I usually have to go like 10 minutes between climaxes when I'm by myself. You just gave me 3 in like 4 minutes. I didn't think that was possible. And you gave me the one just from the inside only, which I ALSO didn't think was possible. Including the first one from us grinding that's 4 for me. I'm a little sore right now, but this is the happiest several minutes of my life. You have no idea how much I love you right now."

He blushed the entire time, but REALLY blushed when I said that I loved him. He then softly whispered "I love you too. For real, not just saying it. No woman could ever surpass you. Today is the best day of my life and I never want it to end"


Part 14:

As we laid there together naked after my trio of pleasure, both myself and Ben just gave each other heartfelt declarations of love again. We've been doing that a lot, but these last ones during my post-nut clarity somehow felt more "real" to me, as if we were seriously requesting the chance to share our lives with one-another. Is that crazy considering we just met this morning? Absolutely. Hell, that was the plot to Frozen! But still...I think I really do want to spend my life with him forever. This feeling of bliss in all ways combined is like nothing I've ever felt before, or even imagined. I can only pray that he feels the same as I do, and all indications are that he does.

As my soreness wore off a little, I then asked him "Are you enjoying yourself as much as I am? I know I haven't been touching you much, although I could feel your 'friend' pushing and throbbing into my thigh the whole time you were rubbing me and that felt like it felt good for you. Do you want some attention now too?"

Ben looked downwards at his dick, which was now in a position where the tip was poking my inner thigh. I couldn't help but look down too, and that's when I realized just how amazing his view of me must be right now. My legs are parted slightly and he is between them. My pussy is right there, opened wide and dripping all over. I can feel the puddle underneath me so I imagine I must look absolutely soaked down there. And his dick is poking my thigh only about an inch and a half away from my opening. It is seriously that close! We both kinda notice at the same exact time, but neither of us moves.

He finally answers my question "If...if I told you that I was really nervous about...you know...the next step...the final step...would you be disappointed in me?"

Instantly I respond "No! Ben, I'm scared too. I'm always scared to be honest. But this moment is perfect. I want this to be the moment where we take our physical relationship to that ultimate level. I've waited years for the perfect moment to lose my virginity and for the perfect boy to take it from me. You are that boy. What can I do to make you more comfortable?"

Ben thought for a second, and then answered back "I think...maybe I'm so extra nervous because I'm supposed to be in control 'conquering you'. I'm worried about messing up your first time, especially if I cum too fast or hurt you or something. I know you've been enjoying everything so far, but it's a lot of pressure. Sophie...if we reversed it, and had YOU conquer ME instead, I think that would be better and probably even hotter. You're such a fearless badass, I would love for you to take me as your plaything."

Stunned I reply "Wow...um yeah, I think I can make that work. You are the only person ever who thought I was 'fearless', but I'm glad you think I'm that cool. That could be a lot of fun. Oh God, I just remembered a game from one of my favorite naughty videos that I could do with you. Whew, um, ok. I'd never be strong enough to hold your arms down, though. I'd need to tie them up behind your back."

He smirked "Ooo, kinky. Well there are several belts lying around here. Do you know how to make a figure 8 belt cuff?"

My eyes lit up "My boy, you and I clearly watch the same videos! I could make a belt cuff in my sleep."

I take this naked masterpiece and quickly tie his wrists behind his back using a belt, looping around itself several times into a figure 8. I then secure it with the belt loops as tightly as possible, and there is no way that he can escape from this now. I playfully push him onto his back next, which makes his big bad dick stick straight up into the sky like the Leaning Tower of Please-Her. I can't help but stare at it, bobbing around and twitching, practically begging me to touch it and do intimate things to it. Ben is helpless now, after all, it's not like he could stop me. I can do anything that I want! I have to remind him of the rules, though.

"So beautiful" I begin, channeling as much Minka energy as possible "We'll use the same safe word for you, 'coffee'. If you say that word, I stop everything. But until you say that word your body is mine and mine alone to do with however I please, even if you scream and beg for mercy. So I want to play a little game against you, but I'm only going to tell you the rules of the game after I get on you. Are you ready to feel the first pussy on your dick?"

He quickly answered "Yes ma'am!"

I wasn't done teasing him "The pussy you lusted after all day in those pictures, my pussy, are you ready to know what it feels like?"

The boy stuttered "Y..yes!"

I finished "Are you ready to officially lose your virginity to me? Because I'm ready to lose mine to the greatest guy in this school. Hell, the greatest guy on Earth!"

Ben didn't even speak this time, he just nodded, both with his head and somehow also with his dick. With him lying on his back, dick straight up, I sat on his thighs facing him, with my legs parted to either side of his body. If I was just a little bit higher up on him, we'd be having sex already. And that's where I plan to move. He's trembling and breathing out of his mouth, nervous as hell but twice as excited. His dick is dripping down itself. I didn't even know that it was possible for guys to get almost as wet as a girl, but somehow this guy is pulling it off. The view of him is so sexy that I want more pictures of it. Without even asking I lean over to grab my phone again and start taking a few pics of his naked body lying on his back with his hands tied behind his back. I enjoy the little power trip, as there's no way for him to cover it up at all or somehow stop me from taking pictures at this point. He doesn't seem to mind, though. In fact, I clearly noticed his dick twitching for me from being the star model of my photoshoot. It turns him on how much he turns me on...which in turn turns me on more!

I go full dominance mode as I tell him "So sexy little Ben.... we only get the chance to lose our virginities once ever. I want to record an HD video close-up of my first penetration so that I can keep it forever and watch it over and over again any time that I'm home alone without you there and I need something to make me cum. I'm going to film the mutual end of our virginities, giving us both a copy to fap to. I'm going to move extremely slowly down onto you in order to make sure the camera captures every detail perfectly. And you can't stop me from doing it."

He didn't have one ounce of desire to stop me. I mean after all, I just told this boy that I was going to send him a video of my pussy being penetrated by a dick (his dick as a bonus). That's such a scary, embarrassing thought in theory, and yet it doesn't fill me with shame at all. To think, this whole day began with me being ashamed of my naked pictures, but this would be different. The whole school may have my other pictures (as explicit as they were) but only Ben and Ben alone would have THIS particular viewing experience, which far exceeded anything those other pictures showed.

I sat the camera down on his abs, held at the right angle by a sock I placed to hold it, while pointed at this man's beautiful dick. The camera is reversed so that I can watch myself climb onto him in real time like a mirror. I turn on the video recording. Oh God this is it...I'm really about to do this. I'm about to have sex! This isn't some fantasy, this is real. And I'm about to have sex with the hottest guy ever, who is also a sweetheart that makes me melt inside and fills me with complete trust. If I wasn't so massively horny right now I might almost cry from the excitement.

I lift myself up off of his legs and onto my knees, but quickly realize that this isn't high enough to mount his rocket. I instead stand slightly and squat directly over him, with my pussy just 4 inches above his dick. I can see my own pussy lips reflected in the camera screen at the top of the video that I'm recording and it makes me extremely excited. I can see how wet I am right now, and also how opened up I am. My labia have parted so much just from anticipation and hand stimulation that it's going to be crazy-easy to slide that thing inside of me right now. My kitty looks like a bloomed rose! I start lowering myself downwards, watching that sexy dick tremble and twitch madly underneath me. Ben's dick is dancing in horny desperation because of my soaked and splayed pussy heading right for it, which the camera catches in complete detail. I'm using the camera reflection to aim my decent, lowering my wide-open vagina itself directly towards Ben's dick head.

We touch. My heart goes crazy! My pussy touched his dick! We're touching we're touching! I feel a tingle travel from the contact point of my pussy lips all the way through my entire body. I look at Ben's face and he clearly felt the tingle too. His dick throbs passionately into the side of my labia, just one millimeter off from the entrance point. All it will take is one tiny shift to align us and I can begin sliding down on top of him. This is it. This is really it! My heart is about to explode, my nerves are on fire, I can't even breathe or think right now. I'm afraid of fainting because this moment is such a mix of pure uncontrolled desire combined with pure unrelenting terror and anxiety. Fear or not, though, nothing on this Earth could ever stop me from sliding down this pole. I don't even care if the entire school opened up the dressing room door to watch me do it right now. I am going to lose my virginity to Ben right this instant!

I shift over, feeling his head touching both halves of my pussy lips now. Finally I start to slide down, as slowly as I can possibly go. I want to put on a show for the camera, plus I want to savor this moment as it happens and don't want to risk hurting one of us by messing it up somehow. I lower down an inch and feel his head go inside. It's inside of me! It's pushing my inner skin and parts aside, Ben's dick is parting me open and pushing its way into me! Oh God. Already this feels incomparable to anything my young life has felt before. I can't stop now, can't stop EVER!

Another inch down, Ben is moaning for me. Jesus that's hot, his sex noises mixed with the feeling of him two inches inside are overwhelming me with lustful feelings. I can't take any more excitement, I am at my maximum emotional capacity, and yet I'm not done yet. I have several more inches to go. I didn't measure him or anything but he's got to be around 8 inches total. That's six more inches to go before he's all the way in.

I lower one more time, the third inch claimed by my hungry pussy, and already I'm starting to feel filled up and full in there. I'm not even halfway there yet! This is unbelievable. Will I even be able to fit 5 more inches inside of my tiny little body? Is there a limit to a young petite girl's capacity? I don't even honestly know!

Inch number 4 enters me, the halfway point, and now I can intimately feel it as it throbs and pulses. It's like Ben's dick is trying to do the dance from earlier, but the interior of my pussy is holding it in place. I feel myself squeezing tightly against him in response to his throbbing. When my pussy gives him a big squeeze, he gasps and releases another moan for me. Damnit damnit, SUPER HOT! I make sure to remember that: squeezing tightly = boy ecstasy. He's going to get every squeeze that magnificent dick can handle before I let him leave my vagina today.

Once inch number 5 is claimed next, it seriously feels like I've run out of room. I'm full. I feel so amazing, blissfully savoring the experience of his dick pushing me open inside omnidirectionally, stretching my limits and simultaneously stimulating my everything up in there. But I still have 3 more inches to go...how am I going to do this? I have to keep pushing it somehow. I'm not going to quit until I take it all into me. God help me.

Inch...number...6. The stretching is very noticeable, but it doesn't hurt or anything. It feels better and better with every inch that my pussy swallows of him. His face is priceless right now. His eyes have rolled back, his mouth wide open, his cheeks red and very darkened, and his entire existence is a sea of magic and orgasmic pleasure. That face of his, that enjoyment, it motivates me to keep going. It gives me the push I need to take all 8, because this beautiful loving boy of mine deserves complete and total penetration of his dream girl until my vulva touches his pubic skin and not one millimeter less.

I feel stuck, so I move upwards just barely in order to work back downwards again. The result of me changing direction up and down gets an audible reaction from Ben, which makes me smile. Oh my sexy boy, just you wait until I'm doing that for real. I wiggle and slide downward, taking that delicious 7th inch into me next. One more to go. I can do this! I will do this. God this majestic model of a man is rubbing up against parts of my insides that I didn't even know I had, parts where none of my toys have ever reached before. Mr Gold has been demoted to Mr Silver Medal now!

One last inch, I feel it splitting my deepest depths and exploring untouched territory. I keep going downwards until my vulva hits his body, pressing flat against his groin and holding him here with 100% of his dick inside of my vagina now. It is mine! I...I can't even make words, I feel so amazing right now. My virginity is slain! Our virginities...our virginities are gone. We did this together. I stop the video before it gets too large in file size, saving it for us to keep forever. My first-ever penetration, my official deflowering, recorded as a keepsake that I will use to get off with again and again.

I'm not moving yet, I'm sitting here savoring this experience. Every pulse and twitch of his dick feels heavenly. How do people even survive moving during sex without dying of pleasure overload??? Just holding still completely filled with Ben's sexy throbbing dick is a thousand times better than I ever thought all of sex combined would be. Ben's entire body is tensing up and thrashing gently underneath me, as if he is locked in the same level of maximum enjoyment and sensation overload. I'm not ready to move. Movement would be too much, I might pass out. I stay here for a long time, at least 30 seconds, just enjoying every single twitch and throb inside.

I have to say something "This feels so much better than I was expecting! I never want to move or leave or stop or anything. Let me stay here all night, right here all night please! Are you feeling as amazing as I am right now?"

Ben answered me very loudly "YES! Oh God yes! Sophie I can barely take how unbelievable your pussy feels on me. You don't know what you do to me, my sexy superstar."

Ooo, I kinda like that nickname. His words make me want to be just a tiny bit naughtier, so I wiggle my hips side to side and even up and down slightly without warning just to watch his entire body thrash again and his eyes go white for a split second from rolling so hard.

I tease him "Well if I don't know what I'm doing to you, then you'll have to explain it to me, sexy man."

Ben tried to control his breathing in order to talk "Sophie I...I don't know how much I can take. I feel so good right now and I can't control myself. I'm trying to calm down but this feels too amazing. Please don't move too fast or else...I'll...you know."

I lean forward, changing the angle of our contact slightly, and look him in the eye with a sly mischievous grin "You'll do what exactly, naughty boy?"

Ben began to look shy again "I'll...lose control on accident"

I tease him "I don't know what that means, lover. You need to tell me in plain English...saying the word itself."

The shy little boy Ben finally said it "I'm going to cum if you move too fast, ok? I can't help it. It's embarrassing"

I ran my hands across his solid, muscular chest "Please stop being worried and embarrassed by that. I'm completely overwhelmed by all of this too. This is just our first time, first of MANY I might add. If it happens, it happens. I won't be disappointed, and it doesn't make you less of a fantastic lover."

Ben grinned, but it was an insecure grin "I want to be really good for you and satisfy you though."

I lean in with a kiss before telling him "We're sharing the loss of our virginities right now. This is amazing and scary and overwhelming and fucking HOT! We're both going to have massive trouble controlling ourselves. You are doing great. I know for a fact that you will do your best to not go off too early, even if it feels right now like you will. But don't you get it? Even if you do accidentally cum pretty quickly, you've ALREADY satisfied me beyond my wildest dreams. You've already made me cum four times you know. I'm just lucky enough to be able to go off repeatedly. I can't imagine trying to hold an orgasm in right now while we're having sex, I'd never succeed. God, I came earlier just from the humping, I never would've stopped back then even if that was my only one for the day. You're stronger than I am for making it this long. Seriously, I'm not kidding. I'm so weak it's insane, being touched in any way by your flawless naked body is turning me into a cum factory. I would probably cum AGAIN very quickly right now actually if I went and rubbed my clit basically at all while I'm sitting here on you. Just sliding down on you has me on the edge again already."

Ben's eyes lit up "Oh...oh really?"

I caught that little hint of interest in his question...hehe...time to blow this man's young mind. I make my voice very seductive "Mmhmm. So Benny boy...yes or no, should I rub myself with you inside of me or not? Do you want to experience one of my orgasms while your dick is inside of me, feeling every single muscle in there tense and squeeze you as I lose control?"

Not one ounce of hesitation, he yelled out "YES MA'AM!"

That enthusiasm gave me quite a jolt, and I'm not wasting that jolt. I use my right hand to start rubbing my clit as fast as I can, being careful not to move my body up and down in order to avoid overstimulating my boy's overly-sensitive private part. It occurs to me, this is the very first time that I have touched MYSELF with Ben watching, and his unblinking eyes on my body as I rub my clit are making me exponentially more horny by the second. With the excitement of sliding onto him fresh on my mind, with his dick pulsing and throbbing inside of my tight and filled pussy every second, and with him watching my every move with such an intense look of lust written all over his entire face and body, it only ends up taking me about 15 seconds for me to cum again, my fifth today. I thrash and squirm a little on his body, and I feel my Kegel muscles grip tightly and begin contracting over and over again. Ben moans and wails, almost as if my orgasm felt even better for him than it did for me! I don't usually go as high as five a day unless I am super duper horny. Today though, the idea of stopping at 5 would be blasphemy. I can still get at least one more before we finish...but my clit is going to need a good break again first.

I seductively ask him "So darling...tell me how that felt for you."

He stuttered "A..amazing! That was amazing. Wow. Everything...it was like your whole pussy was moving and massaging me all at once. I had no idea it would feel like that when a girl came! How the hell do guys not notice if their girl fakes it??"

I shrug "Asking the wrong person, my friend. Anyway, I have a question for you...are you ready to play my sexy little game? If you win the game, I will give you a prize beyond your wildest fantasies."

Curious little Ben immediately asked me "What kind of prize?"

I couldn't contain my excitement as I answered "If you win the game, then you win the power to take me at will, to have sex with me whenever and wherever you want just by asking me for it, no matter what else I am doing at that moment or who else I'm with...any day, any place, any style, any fetish, or any fantasy you can dream up, once per day...for the next year!"

He gulped and gasped. I had a feeling that he was going to do his absolute best to win my game.

