It would have been a lot easier if they had just told the truth from the beginning. Casey rode the bus downtown and tried to distract herself shopping while she thought about the Jerk and what they had done that morning. She'd always fantasized about watching a guy jack off. And because she and Danny hadn't told the truth, there was some kind of force field keeping her from completing that fantasy. She was sure it was more frustrating for the Jerk than for her, but regardless. It pissed her off.

Danny wasn't her brother; he was her ex-boyfriend. They'd only broken up because he realized he was even more into dudes than she was. They still really liked each other as friends, but Danny thought it would be weird for his boyfriends if his ex was still hanging around. So they told everyone they were brother and sister. It hadn't been a problem until now. She and Danny could have shared the Jerk without it being weird, but the Jerk thought they were siblings. Apparently he had some mental block against incest. Weirdo. Like he'd never called a guy Daddy while going down on him.

When mindless browsing didn't clear her head, she went to work. The shop was called Retro Records, and she wondered sometimes about the customers. Who still bought albums? You couldn't even put the songs onto your iPod because of the stupid non-copying safeguards. Everyone she knew got their songs online from iTunes or Amazon. But hey, if it meant a decent paycheck for a little bit of work, she was happy to show up and put on a happy face.

Marcia was behind the counter with a Platinum Grit graphic novel. She had blonde hair streaked with pink and fuchsia highlights. She frowned and let the book fall on her chest. "What are you doing here? You told me to tell Grief that you were sick if he came in."

Grief was their nickname for their boss, Gary Reef. "Did he come in?"

"No." She dropped her feet to the floor and put the book down. "But you still owe me a lie at some point in the future. That was the deal. I cover for you--"

"Yeah, yeah." She went behind the counter and tossed her bag into the cubby hole before she put on the bright blue vest Grief made them wear. Marcia was wearing hers as well, but it had fallen open to reveal her Said the Whale T-shirt. She was wearing her usual cargo shorts over a pair of black and white striped stockings. The shoes today were combat boots. "Been busy today?"

"Nah. Just a few jokers asking if we carry Lady Gag-uh."

"It's a music store. The answer should be self-explanatory. I'm going to go put on some music." She went into the back room. Grief let them play whatever music they wanted over the speakers, but the stipulation was that whatever they played had to be for sale in the store. No sense in subliminally advertising something people will have to go to a different store to buy. There was a room in the back with a stereo/public address system.

Casey whistled as she went through the stack of CDs she and Maria had brought in. There was an old-fashioned speaker, just under waist-height, underneath the shelf. When Casey shifted her weight she bumped her hip against it and felt the vibrations going through the machine's wooden frame. She had spent all day thinking about the Jerk and Danny, and maybe what she really needed to do was go home and spent some quality time with B.O.B., her battery-operated boyfriend.

Barring that... maybe the next best thing... She put down the CDs and stood on her toes. She rolled her hips forward so that she was straddling the corner of the speaker, her hands flat against the shelf as she settled against it. The vibration was low, but study. She slid her right hand over toward the controls and rested it on the volume knob. She turned it up just a little. There was a button for base, and she pressed it. The throb of the music became palpable through the crotch of her jeans.

Casey closed her eyes and rocked her hips. She thought of Danny's cock, and the Jerk's cock. She pictured them together. Maybe it wasn't too late to come clean. Maybe she could still salvage the possibility of a smoking hot threesome. "Hey, we're not really related and we used to fuck all the time, so if you want to make a sandwich--"

It had been easier to think of the Jerk as just Danny's lame boyfriend until that morning. She'd seen what he brought to the party and she wanted it. Very much so. And he'd wanted her, too. She could see it in his eyes, clear as a picture, but no. She was Danny's brother. Maybe next time they would take some more time, she would make sure he didn't back out. Just keep stroking him until he didn't have any choice but to give in.

"Think they call that rape, Casey," she growled at herself.

She clenched her ass, still riding the corner of the speaker. The world's biggest and most cumbersome vibrator. She thrust against it, moving her hands to rest on the top of the speaker as she moved faster, her chin against her chest.

"Why are you playing the music so damn lou--"

"Shit..." She didn't want to stop, but she did. No point in dismounting as she looked over her shoulder and saw Marcia staring at her with dinner-plate sized eyes. "Uh... i-it's..."

Marcia looked over her shoulder and then shut the door. "Don't stop. Go on."

Casey blushed. Apparently the kink was more common than she thought. She bit her bottom lip and started rocking again. She heard a zipper and closed her eyes. Now Marcia was touching herself. Great. She blushed, extremely aware of Marcia's eyes burning a hole in the back of her head. She's probably watching your ass. Casey whimpered.

"Didn't know you got off with girls," Casey managed to say.

"Never... walked in on one humping stereo equipment." Marcia's voice was ragged and weak and there was a groan thrown in there, too. It made Casey's mouth dry. She'd thought about being with girls before. Not Marcia, but girls in general. They were so soft and curvy, and they took good care of their lips. Girls would taste good, she thought. Casey kept her eyes closed and focused on the vibrations rolling through her clit, pushing her--

The bell over the door chimed, and she and Marcia said, "Shit" at the same time. Or in stereo, as it were. She pulled away from the stereo and turned to see Marcia buttoning and zipping her fly. This is karma for what I did to the Jerk this morning. I know it is. She fanned her face to make sure she wasn't flushed and she and Marcia both left the back room together. A customer was browsing in the rock/pop section.

"Let us know if you need anything."

He barely looked up, lifting his hand in a half-hearted wave. She glanced at Marcia, who blushed and buried her face back in her comic book. Casey sat on the stool and rested her elbows on the counter, her hands clasped on top of her head as she tried to imagine that what had happened in the back room was a really vivid daydream. She squirmed and pressed her thighs together. Not bloody likely.

The customer bought some albums - actual vinyl; Grief would be shocked! - and left them alone in the store again. Casey tucked her hair behind her ears, a nervous tick from when she still wore it long, and looked over at Marcia. "Uh, we should probably talk about what happened in there. I just, uh, had a very weird morning, and I was relieving some--"

"You don't have to explain. Really. Sorry I just kind of barged in on you."

"Are you... bi?"

Marcia laughed a little manically. "No! I-I only like boys." She shifted her gaze and chewed on her thumbnail. "But the situation--"

"Yeah, the situation."

"Uh-huh. I-if you wanna go back there and finish, I can watch the store."

Casey chuckled nervously. "No. That's... no. I don't think I'd be able to relax enough. Thanks, though." She coughed and pulled a book out from under the counter. She didn't even care what it was; she opened it to a random page and began reading. The two girls sat silently, avoiding each other even in their periphery.

Casey thought about the now-idiotic idea she and Danny had come up with while playing Halo. "The dude you're dating isn't going to be too thrilled about your ex-girlfriend hanging around." And Danny had just shrugged and said, "Just tell him you're my sister," and she said, "He'll notice we have different last names, dumbass." And Danny said, "Trust me, he won't say anything even if he does notice."

Now she was stuck. She'd been Danny's sister for a year, and the Jerk wouldn't see them any other way. Maybe they could pretend they were into incest... nah. No. She didn't want to see how intrigued the Jerk might be by that. She sighed heavily. It was something she hadn't thought of before, but now that the seed had been planted, it was bursting out into a full grown "OMG WE SHOULD HAVE A THREESOME!" tree.

Maybe she could just hide in their closet and watch them have sex.

Time and space seemed to freeze, her eyes widening as she stared at the Sergeant Pepper poster hanging directly across from the counter. Her jaw was dropping. She felt like that dude in 2001: A Space Odyssey: "Oh, my God, it's full of cocks!" She gulped. The closet was right next to the bed. Gulp. It had those slats. Gulp. They would never know she was there.

Of course, how could she be sure they would have sex that night? How could she ensure that the night she managed to hide in their closet was a night that she could see them do the wild thang? She chewed her thumbnail and looked at Marcia again. "Hey. How do you make sure two guys will have sex on a given night?"

"I can't make sure one guy will have sex with me ever."

"Yeah. Hm." She rested her chin on her hand.

Maybe if she... She'd gotten the Jerk all hot and bothered before! And she'd confirmed he couldn't come for her. So all she had to do was get him hard, get him really fucking turned on, and then walk away. She would send him home with his hard-on, despite what Leonard Cohen said. She grinned evilly and began to rock back and forth on her stool, chuckling under her breath as she planned her assault.

"What are you so happy about all of a sudden?"

"Oh, Marcia, Marcia, Marcia." Casey chuckled. "I'm going to have a good night."

The store was only open until one, so she only had to kill a few hours. Marcia finished her comic book and went to do inventory. Casey thumbed through the book but mostly just looked at the pictures as she thought about her plan. Could she possibly get Danny all hot and bothered, too? Attack the boys on two fronts so that there was no possibility they would pass up some pre-sleep nookie? She considered the idea.

Danny had a foot fetish. So she could take the boys out to dinner and tease him with her tootsies under the table. Get a nice piece of timber going and then innocently skip off. She would claim to be going home, but she'd go to their apartment instead. Sneak into the closet and then just wait for them to show up to put on their unwitting performance.

She realized then what she was doing. "Hey. Marcia." She was across the store and murmured an acknowledgement. "Is it, like... wrong to watch two people have sex without them knowing?"

"You mean like porn?"

Casey rolled her eyes. "No, like real-live people."

"Yeah, I'd say that's pretty wrong, chick. People get arrested for that, you know."

"Yeah." Casey's shoulders slumped. It was such a good idea, too. She wasn't doing it to be bad, she just wanted to see. And she didn't think they would just let her watch. Well, Danny might. But the Jerk would never agree even if she 'fessed up. She saw the way his dick shriveled when she tried to touch it. How would he ever be able to perform with her sitting right next to him? She had to erase their past relationship. She had to make it so that he could look past what he thought he knew and take a different path.

"Marcia?"

Marcia was rearranging the Fleet Foxes CDs to put the used copies at the front. "God, what is this, Jeopardy or something? What?"

"God, never mind."

"No. What? Come on, you've got my interest now. What?"

Casey sighed. "If you've seen someone in a certain way for a long, long time, how can you make them see you a different way?"

Marcia walked back up to the front of the store. "I dunno. It just happens. Sometimes you have to look at 'em through someone else's eyes. Reset your brain." She slipped behind the counter. "Or you could just overload their skull and skull-fuck the old you right out of their mind's eye. Like when I walked in on you humping the stereo equipment, I stopped thinking of you as just my coworker. Now you're my hot masturbating coworker."

Casey blushed. An idea was forming. She could force the Jerk to see her in a newly sexual way. She could get him trembling and then she would break the news that he could have her if he wanted. Her sexuality would be like a paper bag around his head, and the information that she and Danny weren't related would be like ripping the bag open so he could breathe.

She spent the rest of her time at Retro Records plotting and planning. When it came time to close, Marcia shut the door and turned the sign to Closed. The lights were dimmed and the music was turned off. The store felt like a completely different space. Casey emptied out the cash register, counted it, made an entry in the book, and put the money into the safe. Marcia stood with her hand on either side of the pass-through in the counter, swinging her right foot so that the sole of her shoe scuffed the carpet.

"You know... that whole seeing people in a new light thing?"

"What about it?"

"You don't have to worry about it. I've been thinking about what it would be like for a while now."

"What what would be like?" She turned around just as Marcia cupped her face and kissed her. Casey's eyes went wide, her lips parting in surprise that Marcia took as an invitation. Their tongues touched and Casey was suddenly making out with another girl. And, what do you know, girls did taste good. At least this one did. She thought they should stop but they didn't, and then she thought it was time to really stop, but they didn't, and then it was the point of no return. Casey closed her eyes and pressed Marcia against the counter.

Marcia dropped her hands from Casey's face, to her breasts, and squeezed them through her baseball shirt. Oh, a gentle squeeze. That was different, and very welcome. She put her hands on Marcia's butt and kneaded it through her shorts, their hips together now. Casey wondered if she should be the boy and thrust her hips or if Marcia wanted to be the boy. Wait, were they going to have sex? Or was this just making out?

I could let the Jerk watch this and then he'd have to let me watch him fuck Danny.

Casey broke the kiss and blinked at Marcia. "I'm really fucked up."

"I know. Me too."

Marcia pushed her back, but not away. She kept her hands on Marcia's hips. "Watch me." Casey looked down and watched as Marcia unbuttoned her own pants, slipping her hand inside. She started to stroke through her underwear and then, with a sigh, hooked her thumb under the waistband of her panties and pushed her hand into them. Casey's mouth went dry when she saw a peek of Marcia's pubic hair. It was red, which was extremely surprising.

"I use two fingers... my middle finger and my ring finger..."

Casey swallowed and brought one hand up, the other still clutching Marcia's ass. She wet her fingers with the meager moisture from her mouth and reached down, putting her hand into her jeans. She touched herself like Marcia described and groaned.

"That feels really good."

"When I'm almost done, I use my thumb. On my clit."

They put their free arms around each other, their breasts touching as they supported each other's weight. Marcia was breathing hard against Casey's ear, her breath hot and a little moist. Casey tested the waters by kissing Marcia's neck. Marcia didn't tell her to stop, so she licked and sucked and even bit a little as she worked two fingers into herself. Marcia's skin was hot and growing pinker with every moment, and Casey started rocking her hips as Marcia did the same.

"I'm going to come."

"Wait for me."

"I can't..."

Marcia cried out, and Casey squeezed her eyes shut. Oh, no, not again... Marcia sagged against the counter, her hands resting casually on Casey's breasts. After a moment, Casey realized it wasn't going to happen and she faked a few ooh and ahh sounds. She saw Marcia watching her raptly, licking her lips and then dropping her eyes to watch how Casey's hand worked underneath the denim of her pants. Finally, Casey stopped and exhaled and met Marcia's eyes.

"That was... really fucking hot."

Marcia grinned. "I really don't... uh. But sometimes girls are..."

"I know."

There was a pause that could have been filled with either words or a kiss. At that point a kiss was easier for both of them. So they kissed. Pants hanging open, both of them a little sweaty and breathless from what they had just done together. Casey sucked Marcia's bottom lip and decided they had to do that again sometime under better circumstances.

"The store is closed tomorrow," Marcia said. "Wanna come over and, like, listen to music?"

"Sure. I'll give you a call."

Marcia beamed. "Awesome. Uh, a-awesome." She stepped back and tucked her hair behind her ears. "I think that was the hottest thing I've ever done."

You're the second person I've done that with today. She decided not to burst Marcia's bubble. "Yeah. It was really great."

Marcia lowered her voice and leaned forward. "I have toys at my place."

Casey's interest was perked. Suddenly tomorrow couldn't come fast enough. "Okay. Uh. I'll call you about tomorrow." She leaned in and impulsively kissed the corner of Marcia's mouth. I could get used to this kissing girls thing. "See you tomorrow."

Marcia went out the back door to where she chained up her bike. Casey went out through the front, so she could walk to the bus stop at the corner. She stood in the little plastic shell, hands in her pockets, and blushed when she thought the people waiting with her could smell what she had done. Did her hands stink? She didn't want to sniff and draw attention, so she just pushed her hands deeper and stayed as far away from the old people as she could until the bus showed up. She climbed on and went to the back, sitting on a bench seat as far back and as far away from any other passengers as possible.

The bus pulled away from the curb and Casey took her iPod from her bag. She had the player on shuffle and the first song that came up was a John Barrowman show tune. Yeah, Captain Jack would know what to do in this situation. An arm around me, an arm around Danny, and that killer smile... yeah, Captain. She looked around and saw that she was alone at the back of the bus, separated from the next nearest passenger by three empty seats. That guy seemed asleep, so really she had half the bus between her and any other people.

She put her hands in her lap, covering her right with the left, and she pressed the fingers of her right hand against her crotch. What did Danny say this morning? Merry month of masturbation? What's so merry about it? Of course, she figured she might enjoy it more if she was able to come.

Casey had slumped in her seat. When she opened her eyes, she could just barely see over the tops of the other seats in front of her. Who on the bus did she wish was watching her? Who did she want to look down, see her hands, and realize what she was doing? Most of the people on the bus were either too old or too weird looking. But then the bus stopped and, miraculously, a handsome boy got on.

Here we go...

John Barrowman continued to sing show tunes in her earbuds - "I am I, Don Quixote!" - as the new passenger walked down the aisle. He was holding his bag up so that it wouldn't bump anyone, hunched forward the way every passenger regardless of height seemed to walk as they looked for a seat. He had brown hair and a light beard, and he was wearing a button-down shirt unbuttoned over a T-shirt that showed a "Hello My Name Is" tag filled out for Inigo Montoya.

Casey loved him more than a little bit.

He sat down a few seats away and gave a cursory glance at the other passengers as the bus pulled away again. He met her eyes, smiled, and gave a little head nod in greeting. She smiled back at him. She thought about getting up and sitting next to him and whispering in his ear. I just masturbated with another girl. I kissed her and she tasted good. And tonight I'm going to watch my ex and his boyfriend fuck, because I saw his cock this morning and I just can't get it out of my mind. Wanna give me a hand, sweetheart? Oh, yeah. Public stranger sex.

"God, you're such a whore today," she muttered. She looked out the window, still idly rubbing between her legs. The bus reached her stop a few minutes later - still without her getting off - and she reluctantly gathered her bag and stood up. She passed Inigo's seat and looked down at him. He looked up and smiled and she sighed sadly. "Another time, another place, Mr. Montoya." She sadly waved goodbye, and he waved back with a perplexed look on his face.

Casey climbed off the bus and started down the street toward her house. How can I rewrite the Jerk's view of me? He watched me masturbate and that didn't work. Inspiration struck her then. She'd given him the whole show! She'd dropped trou and started rubbing without any foreplay, no seduction. She knew that guys needed that little oomph, that little tease that made their brains shut down as all the blood went elsewhere. She just had to dial it back, make him forget that she'd already given him almost everything.

When she got to her brownstone, she headed up the stairs and dropped her bag as she entered. Surge was sitting in the living room with a giant puzzle on the equally giant dining room table. Casey estimated they had about ten percent of the puzzle assembled. They were wearing matching sweaters, their hair the same pale blonde and cut in a similar manner. Suzanne's was shoulder-length and George's was the tight, plastic helmet of hair that someone might expect to see on the football hero of a fifties movie.

Casey sighed at them. "I hope you guys give each other hand jobs as soon as I leave the room. Otherwise you're just sad."

"There's no reason to be crass, Casey." George placed a piece and Suzanne rubbed his arm and made 'good job' noises. "I hope you had a good day."

"We'll see. Day's not over yet."

She headed to her room and shut the door. She knew that Surge had sex. She heard them on more than one occasion. "Oh! Oh, my goodness! Oh, my!" They weren't exactly porn stars, but virgins they weren't. They were, however, the biggest squares since Spongebob.

She toed off her shoes, undid her pants, and pushed them down her hips. Before she kicked them away, she took her iPhone out of the pocket. She took off her shirt and shed her bra as well. She lay down on her bed and rested her hands on her stomach, staring at the ceiling. Her feet hung in the air and she kicked them a bit as she thought about her next step. Surge. Maybe they were really amazing freakishly crazy in bed.

Maybe George liked it rough. Ooh, maybe Suzanne wore a strap-on and rode George like he was a cheap whore. Maybe she liked to handcuff him to the bed, tease him with a feather. Maybe they liked role playing as Ned and Maude Flanders. That would explain the 'stache George had tried growing a few months back. Thinking about all the myriad ways Surge got their kicks was starting to make her horny again.

She looked at her iPhone and an idea began to form. She found the voice recorder app, and held it in front of her mouth. She licked her lips and attempted to make her voice as seductive as possible. "Hey, there. I wanted to call and apologize for what I did to you this morning. It must have been really uncomfortable, that big cock of yours unsatisfied, your big balls all full of hot come that you wanted to shoot all over me." She moved her free hand to her stomach and stroked the fine hairs there. "So I thought I would let you know exactly what I was doing right now, and I hope that it helps you out.

"I'm lying on my bed in just my panties." She slid her hand over the crotch of her underwear and gasped at the touch. "I'm t-touching myself. Rubbing myself through them. It feels really good." She licked her lips and moved her fingers in slow circles. "I wish it was you, though. I wish you could be here to see how I touch myself. Instead of what you saw this morning. That was quick and dirty. I want you to see me... come for real. A long... slow... burn of an orgasm. Oh-oh..." She squirmed on the mattress and chuckled low in her throat. "I'm getting hot and bothered. Thinking about. When you listen to this. If you'll. Have your. Cock in your hand." She moaned. "Making me wet thinking about it. So I'm going to take my panties off real quick."

Casey pushed her panties down with one hand, keeping the iPhone near her lips so it would pick up the little grunts and moans she made as she contorted to get the last shred of clothing off. She let the panties dangle off her right foot - somehow that seemed hotter - and settled back again.

"Okay. I'm back. Nice and naked for you. Are you hard for me, baby? Do you have your cock sticking out, stroking it nice and slow while you wait to see what I have in store for you? Well, first, why don't I tell you what I did today? Seeing you got me so hot and bothered that I couldn't think straight." She laughed, surprised at how sultry it sounded. "Literally. I tried masturbating in private at the record store, but Marcia walked in on me. You remember Marcia. She has those stripes in her hair.

"Well, Marcia got so turned on that after we closed the store, we decided to masturbate together. I kissed a girl." She sang it. Not like the Katy Perry crap, but the original Jill Sobule song. "Bet that would have gotten you off, huh? Standing there and watching us grope each other. I've never been that intimate with another girl before, but I gotta tell you? I liked it. I liked it a lot..."

She started stroking herself and her breathing became irregular. "Oh, baby. I wish we could have done it right this morning. You and me laying side by side in bed, stroking while we could touch each other. I'd squeeze your balls while you stroked. Maybe pinch your nipples. And then while we were playing with each other, maybe Danny could come in and watch a bit. Cause you know what?" She brought the microphone right up to her lips and lowered her voice to a whisper. "Danny's... not... my... brother. I was Danny's last girlfriend. I was the girl he asked to peg him. I was the girl who got her hair cut like a boy because Danny thought it was hot. And when he realized he was gay, I was the girl he sat with by the baseball field.

"So, yeah, we're close. But we're not blood. So here's what I want to do. I want to watch you and Danny. I want to see you suck his cock, and I want to see him bend you over and--" She cried out, squeezing her thighs tight around her hand. "Oh, fuck, just thinking about it is turning me on so much. I'm ready to come just thinking about it. But..." She pulled her hand back. "I won't. No. You were so frustrated this morning. You were aching for it. And then I ruined it for you. So I'm going to be sitting here aching, begging for orgasm like I'm sure you were." Her thighs were quaking. "And then I'm going to see you tonight."

She made a kissing noise and saved the audio file. She looked at it, just sitting there and waiting to be sent off into cyberspace with the press of a button. She found the Jerk's phone number. It would be sent to him as a voicemail, but she wanted to be with him when she sent it. She wanted to see his face while he listened to it and realized what she was saying to him.

Casey saved the file and let her arms drop to her sides. She was smiling, sweaty, legs pressed together because she was so sensitive that a stiff breeze might push her over the edge. She looked at the iPhone and dialed Danny's number. She closed her eyes as she listened to it ring.

"Hello, AT&T Store, this is Daniel speaking."

She resisted the urge to squeal. She could be evil! Danny couldn't take personal calls at work, so he had to remain professional no matter what she said to him. "Hey, Danny boy. Your lover's pipes are calling. They need a thorough examination and a good spit-wash."

"Sure, let me look that up for you."

She giggled. "Listen, D-bag. Tonight, you, me and the Jerk. Dinner. My treat. We're going someplace fancy, so dress up." A thought occurred to her. "Tell the Jerk that dressing up means no underwear."

"You're gonna get me fired," Danny hissed.

"That's fine. Then you and the Jerk can move in with me. We'll kick out Surge, and then we can have nasty threesome sex all the time." She held her breath as she waited for his response.

"Can I help you with anything else today, ma'am?"

She rolled her eyes. "No. And you're no fun whatsoever. Dork." She hung up and dropped the iPhone onto her chest. She was trembling at the possibilities of actually fucking them both. Her gay ex, his bi boyfriend, and her in the middle. She wanted to call Marcia and invite her. The more the merrier. But no. Three was enough. She began to kick her feet in the air as she planned the evening.