Tina woke up when she could no longer stand the sunlight streaming into her bedroom window. She blinked, yawned and turned in towards the warm body next to hers. Mike was still asleep, naked as she was, his arm wrapped around her. He had this dreamy, sleepy smile on her face that she knew was genuine. He was, simply put, the most beautiful thing she had seen in her life.

Oh god she loved him. She let him sleep, just watching him. He seemed so at peace, a far cry from the boy she had been given as a slave.

Tina cuddled close, trying to gather more of his warmth.

She hated to admit it, but Tina had fantasies about a life with Mike, a life they'd never have. Everyone was right. She was the wealthy child of an affluent family; she would be expected to go to a good school, court, marry and have children. Instead here she was fantasizing about Mike's arms around her, living all those things with Mike as her lover, boyfriend, husband rather than her slave.

Mike soon woke up. She didn't blame him, the way that she was staring. "Hi," he said sleepily, blinking the sleep out of his eyes. "Are you...okay?"

She nodded. "I am. I'm fine."

Mike shook his head. “No, you’re not, you’re still thinking…”

She laughed a tiny bit. “Well,” she said, leaning over and kissing his lips, quickly. “Not every bad feeling can be screwed right out of me, though we try, pretty hard.”

“I’ll say,” Mike mumbled softly, running a hand over her cheek. “You have to stop worrying so much. It’s not healthy.”

She sighed and pressed herself up close to his chest. “I just…feel bad,” she admitted softly. “I mean, I never thought too much about how messed up our whole world is, until I met you. I mean, what kind of fucked up world has people buying people?”

“You seemed pretty happy to get me,” he said, still playful, though his words made her feel a lot worse.

“I know,” she mumbled. “I’m sorry. I never really thought about who you were – or what was going on Mike.”

He shook his head. “Don’t think on that,” he said, softly. “I mean, I’m lucky. I’ve heard horror stories about where people end up. I…”

“You said you were pretty much always a slave,” she mumbled, when he didn’t finish what he was going to say. She was curious now. “How?”

Tina didn’t know much about slavery or the slavery laws, but most slaves were captured, kidnapped, set apart from the general population in harsh, unforgiving ways. “I have to admit to you Tina. I wasn’t entirely honest with my vague answers earlier. I was…always a slave. My mother was a slave,” Mike mumbled, hesitantly, before hiding his face against her shoulder. It was obvious that he didn’t want to talk much about it and was sorry for his lies. He hugged her, close.

Tina didn’t want to ask, because of the way that Mike tensed up next to her. She was quiet, not saying a word, until Mike mumbled into her shoulder, “She fell in love with her owner. She got pregnant. The child of a female slave is a slave. That’s all. Okay?”

Tina gasped a little bit. “Your mother was in love with her owner?” she whispered.

Mike nodded. “He betrayed her,” he mumbled low. “He said he loved her too and he betrayed her. He wouldn’t even attempt to save her son from slavery or save her from being resold.”

Tina moved a little bit, moving his face so that he would look her in the eye. “It’s hard to fall into the same pattern that my mother did,” Mike admitted, looking her in the eye. “But unfortunately, I am in love with you. It hurts me too and I hate to see you upset over me.”

She hugged him close to her. She could feel him tense up, his breathing erratic and scared. “I’m sorry, Mike,” she whispered, before letting go and pressing herself up close, filling the gap between them and capturing his lips with hers. His lips were amazing. He kissed her back, slowly, confidently, dragging his tongue over her bottom lip as he did so.

“I love you, love you so much…” he mumbled low as he kissed her repeatedly.