Simon wakes at around midday to the unusual sensation of not being alone in the bed. Jayne isn't asleep; instead he's lying on his back with both hands tucked behind his head looking more relaxed than Simon's seen him in years. Dark circles smudging the underneath of his eyes are the only evidence of any trauma.
"Thought you was never gonna wake up." Jayne rolls onto his side. "Been wanting to do this for near on an hour." He slides down the bed and kisses Simon's belly. "Didn't want to disturb you though. You looked too pretty to touch."

Simon's aching even before the first press of Jayne's lips and when that tongue laves his erection in slow, delicate swipes he has to cling on to the mattress to stop himself from thrusting down Jayne's throat.

The need to piss, to come, to have Jayne's cock in his mouth all meld together into this frenzy and, shoving at the big man, he repositions them into a top and tail.

The mercenary is well hung; Simon's known that for years being his doctor, but he's still surprised at how much of a stretch it is to suck him off. Jayne's careful though--he's probably always had to be--and there's no urgent plunge into Simon's mouth. As Simon breathes in the pungent scent of last night's sex his arousal builds and he begins to suck harder, grunting with pleasure as Jayne matches him swipe for swipe, lick for lick.

The sex may have started out gently but it grows into something quite feral and Simon revels in it, taking as much of Jayne down his throat as he can manage whilst imagining what it will feel like when they finally have intercourse and Jayne's powering into him with that big, thick ji ba.

Hell, it's too much! The heat and the smell and the wild thoughts push him over the edge and with another muffled grunt he bucks up and comes into Jayne's mouth. "Oh god," he mumbles as the orgasm crashes over him and Jayne brings him down with his hand. "Oh god."

Turning swiftly, Jayne straddles Simon's chest then with one hand resting against the wall he leans forward, sliding the head of his cock between Simon's open lips and jerking hard. Half a dozen strong pulls later he's there. When the first pulse of spunk lands on Simon's tongue, Jayne eases back a little, letting his semen spatter Simon's face then working himself off until he's done.

It's a gorgeous sight, enough to start Simon thinking strange, convoluted thoughts. "What happens if we don't manage to make contact with anybody?" he asks as Jayne clambers off and collapses down next to him with a sigh of contentment.

The big man leans forward, kissing the droplets away from Simon's skin. "We will," he replies.

"But what if we don't?" If someone confronted him right now, demanding to know his wishes, Simon wouldn't be certain of the answer. For the first time ever he's beginning to realise what it would be like to live a normal life, without guilt or repression of his desires, and the idea is intoxicating.

"If'n we don't then we make the best of things," says Jayne. "There's most likely game to hunt in the woods. There's crops we can grow."

He's done this before, Simon remembers. He knows what it's like to build a life out of nothing.

"It won't be so bad," continues Jayne.

No, it really won't, thinks Simon, amazed at how much he's changed in such a short time. Living a lie for all those years formed him into a bitter, cynical man. Coming out has removed every ounce of that resentment and he kisses Jayne as a thank you for the emancipation.

*

Well sexed and clean from a long soak in the tub, Simon opens his eyes to a brand new day -- a brand new afternoon to be specific.

"Reckon we've missed most of today," grins Jayne as he pours them both a mug of coffee from the old percolator that's bubbling on the stove.

"It was worth it." Simon can't get rid of the smug expression on his face. They may not have actually had intercourse yet, but they've spent a good few hours indulging in some intense foreplay and this slow build up is only whetting Simon's appetite for more. Just thinking about it makes his exhausted cock tingle.

"Could fuck you all day long," says Jayne with a twinkle in his eye, "but you was right about what you said last night. We need to make this place secure. Don't want no more unwelcome surprises."

"Agreed." Simon recalls that blackened forked tongue and, without thinking, he reaches for Jayne's hand.

After indulging in a very late breakfast, Jayne gets up from the table, returning a moment later with a heavy leather gun belt. "I want you to keep this on at all times," he says, watching as Simon fastens the buckle.

Even empty it feels odd, restrictive in a way, then Jayne slides a hunting knife into the sheath at the back and a pistol into the holster and Simon has to re-adjust to the additional weight and fear factor. Normally he feels repulsed by the idea of handling weapons, but not today. He's learnt a hard lesson that in a situation like theirs, guns are a necessity.

Jayne stands back and admires him. "You look a sight more manly than usual."

Simon rises to the bait. Stalking forward, hands on his hips in a parody of a gunslinger, he thrusts himself up against Jayne. "Think I've shown you plenty of times how manly I am." He's fully aware of how ridiculous he sounds, but Jayne's libido doesn't seem to find him so absurd.

"Hell, Doc," the man groans, pressing his very obvious erection against Simon's hip.

"You're an easy lay, Jayne Cobb."

Jayne nods. "Ain't no doubt about that."

"But we have work to do before evening," continues Simon.

"Ain't no doubt about that either," says Jayne ruefully, taking a slow stride backward.

This is one of those moments that astounds Simon -- when he realises that he not only fancies the mercenary, but is beginning to thoroughly enjoy his company too.

"C'mon then, sawbones," says Jayne as he heads out of the kitchen door. "Let's get down to some graft."

Happiness is not something that Simon is accustomed to feeling, but there's no denying that he's awash with it as he follows Jayne out into the afternoon sunshine.

Even dealing with the dead bodies doesn't throw him out of his good mood and as they burn the last of the corpses Simon heaves a sigh of relief. The air may be filled with putrid smoke, but it feels a damn sight cleaner than it has done since they got here.

They search the farm buildings together, thankfully finding no sign of any other intruders, and afterwards, while Simon is hosing out the barn, Jayne sets to work checking through all the junk in the shed.

"I was hoping there'd be some good solid bolts here," calls Jayne, "but I ain't found nothing yet."

Simon turns off the water and rests a palm on the door jamb as he watches Jayne sift through piles of old household items and tools. "I'll go into town and fetch some from the mercantile," he says helpfully. There are one or two other things he could do with picking up.

"No!"

The single word is spoken so vehemently that Simon recoils slightly.

"We ain't certain it's safe," continues the mercenary, looking up from where he's crouched on the floor, hunting through some old packing crates. "Humour me, Doc."

Simon isn't sure whether he's flattered or insulted by this kind of treatment.

"Hah!" Jayne's voice rises in triumph a moment later as he tips out a selection of bolts and latches from an old cigar box. "I knew the old feller would've had some. From the look of the house he kept just about everything. Won't be needing to go to town now after all."

"Jayne," says Simon, picking his words carefully, "I didn't get hurt yesterday." The wound on his shoulder is healing and he's making certain that they both take their full course of antibiotics. "I was okay, even without having a gun. I don't need looking after."

"Just until I teach you how to use that pistol."

It's almost a plea and, because of it, Simon relents, his quiet, "okay," more a sigh than a word.

"I'll keep hunting through this gou shi and you can go fix bolts to the doors and the shutters." Jayne looks at him through narrowed eyes. "You do know how to use a screwdriver, don't you?" he adds with a sly smile.

Simon ignores the mercenary's snideness, knowing that it's nothing more than a defense mechanism, and nods, positive that it can't be overly complicated to fix a piece of metal to a hunk of wood...

Three hours, several blisters and a split thumb later Simon throws his tools down onto the kitchen table, finally happy that the house is secure. Washing away the grime from his hands and face, he reaches for the first aid kit, wrapping a band aid around the sliced flesh on the ball of his thumb and Jayne's slight smirk of amusement doesn't go unnoticed.

The man is puzzling over a large piece of equipment. As he turns it back and forth it leaves a trail of mouse droppings and dust all over the kitchen table.

Simon tries not to count how many diseases could be contracted from rodent excrement. "What's that?" he asks.

"It's an old telegraph," says the mercenary, fiddling with the broken keys. "Rim worlds used them a lot back in the day."

"For communications?"

Jayne looks up with a grin. "A candy for the clever doctor man."

Simon glowers at him. It's not his fault he's from a different side of the verse. "Didn't anyone here own a Telefonix?"

"Probably not. Ordinary folk don't earn enough coin," says Jayne. "They had a federal office in town which must've had Cortex, but the Reavers burned it to the ground."

"Will this thing be of any use to us?" Simon leans over Jayne's shoulder and has a good look at the rusted metal and disconnected wires.

Jayne shrugs. "Dunno," he says. "Old space freighters used to use short wave transmissions for emergencies."

Musing aloud, Simon says, "there could still be a frequency set aside for that. I'll see if I can find anything out from the library tomorrow."

Jayne turns to look at him. "Tomorrow we're teaching you how to use those weapons, dong ma? Besides, we ain't even sure if we can get this thing working."

Simon has to agree it doesn't look hopeful and when Jayne finishes cleaning the machine and connects the power supply, it remains as lifeless as ever. Not that that matters since they'd need to rig some kind of antenna to have a chance of making contact with the outside verse.

The mercenary unplugs it from the outlet and tugs impatiently at a few loose wires that have been gnawed in half. "I ain't good at this kind of shit. Reckon this'll be another job for you." Lifting the telegraph machine onto the floor he kicks it over towards the corner with a disgruntled sigh.

Simon can't work out his own feelings on the subject let alone second guess Jayne's. "Maybe we should forget it for tonight," he suggests gently.

"Sounds good to me, Doc." Jayne leans back precariously on his chair. "Now for the big question. You want canned ham or canned chicken for supper?"

*

Simon straps on his gun belt and with a quick smile at the awkward reflection that's looking back at him from the mirror he heads downstairs. The mercenary is seated at the table surrounded by weaponry and it's so reminiscent of how life was back on Serenity that Simon does a double take, expecting River to dance into the room at any second. When Jayne looks up, a broad smile on his face, the illusion fades fast.

"What d'you want me to learn you first?"

Things are not the same as they were. In fact it's hard to express how much better they are. Scratching his head, Simon considers Jayne's question. He has no idea which skill will be most useful. Hand to hand, guns, knives, it's all the same to him. "No clue," he says helplessly.

"I'm overwhelmed by your enthusiasm, Doc."

Simon wraps his arms around Jayne's neck. He loves hearing these occasional, out-of-character phrases from the man. They reveal an embedded intelligence that Jayne is uncomfortable showing to most people. It's strange; on Osiris intellect was everything. The smarter you were the more likely you were to attract a mate from one of the better families. Maybe where Jayne grew up physical strength was a more valued asset. The more he thinks about it, the more it makes sense. He depends on Jayne for support and protection and enjoys having him in bed for reasons that aren't entirely about fucking.

"Surprise me." Simon presses his lips to the back of Jayne's neck.

Jayne turns his head, engaging him in a lengthy good morning kiss, but before things heat up too much Simon drags himself away. They'll never get anything done if they end up falling back into bed. Having sex available whenever they want it should dull the appetite, but instead it's having the opposite effect on the both of them. "Later," he says, his hands squeezing Jayne's shoulders.

"How much later?"

Simon shakes his head. It'd be seconds rather than hours if he were to give in to his urges, but he's not about to do that. Packing a backpack with enough food and drinks for the day, he slips on a jacket. It's still early and cold enough to be bracing. Maybe the hot season is coming to an end.

"Can't get used to you being all kitted up like a soldier boy." Jayne grins broadly then begins filling a duffel bag with all kinds of weaponry.

"Can't get used to you being all friendly," banters Simon. More than friendly, he thinks as they collide into each other by the door and make out for a while before securing the house with a heavy duty padlock.

Simon hasn't ventured outside the farmyard since he got here and it's a joy to see the early morning sunlight dancing off the leaves, a slight breeze rippling the meadow grass like waves on the ocean.

"Would be good if'n they'd left us some horses to ride," mutters Jayne as they walk off through the fields, heading for the distant line of the woods.

Simon remembers the animal carcasses in the far pasture and suddenly things seem less perfect.

"First things first," says Jayne, stopping and rooting around in his bag, "'m gonna teach you how to shoot that pistol." He lines up a row of weighted tin cans on a fallen tree then, taking Simon by the arm, he leads him away from the makeshift targets. "Now you gotta learn to loosen up. Most important thing is to be relaxed about it."

Simon takes the bag off his shoulder and pulls the pistol out of his holster. Despite the coolness of the early morning he's sweating, more nervous about being useless than of actually firing the weapon. He's done that since he's been here. He's already a killer.

Jayne adjusts Simon's stance, kneeing his legs further apart then resting those big palms on his hips. "Now hold the grip in your right hand and keep the barrel pointing down."

Simon does as he's told, very conscious of Jayne's close proximity.

"Load up the chamber then, making sure your finger is outside the guard, wrap your left hand around for support and bring the gun up to eye level."

Jayne's a surprisingly good instructor.

"Now shift that right foot forward slightly and lean forwards, aligning the sights with that first can, breathe in then out and when you're ready squeeze the trigger."

Stepping back, Jayne allows Simon some room. His first attempt goes awry, he jerks at the trigger and the bullet flies off course. The second is just as bad mostly because the recoil has made him a little shaky and he doesn't take enough time to remember Jayne's instructions. The third shot, however, hits true and to his amazement this happens again and again and again. An hour later, he's losing some of that newfound accuracy, his arms tight from being in that same position for so long, shoulders hurting from the force of the gunshots.

"'Nough of that for now," says Jayne as Simon empties his chamber and misses three out of six. "You're doing good for a beginner."

Simon frowns, wanting to master this before he stops for the day. He's reached a point where he's comfortable with the revolver, but is certainly not great at shooting. "I need more practice," he demands.

"You'll be hurting enough by tonight." Jayne smiles. "Anyways I wanna take a trek up through the woods see if there's any game to be had."

The thought of fresh meat on the table wipes that scowl away from Simon's face and, following Jayne along the track, he keeps his eyes open for edible vegetation. The area must be full of foodstuffs if only he knew a little more about the indigenous flora.

After a good two hours of hiking, Simon's growing tired and irritable. "Can we stop?" he grumbles and when Jayne ignores him he becomes ever more petulant. "I thought today was supposed to be about teaching me to defend myself."

All of a sudden Jayne rounds on him, duffel thrown to the floor, rifle and coat joining it soon after and when the mercenary stalks forward, unbuckling his gun belt and tossing it aside, Simon's actually a little afraid.

"C'mon then, Doc. Let's see what you're made of," Jayne strips out of his tee-shirt and throws it onto the growing pile of his belongings. "This is as good a place as any."

Simon takes the bag off his shoulder then removes his own gun belt, placing both items carefully on the ground. Jayne's right; the area is covered in this thick spongy grass which should break his fall nicely when he gets humiliated in this show of masculinity.

Barreling forward, he soon finds out that the terrain isn't as soft as it looks and glaring upwards he takes hold of Jayne's hand and uses it as a prop to drag himself to a standing position.

"You see what you done wrong there? You didn't look, you didn't get balanced and you telegraphed exactly how you was going to come at me. That'll get you nowhere 'cept dead."

Simon thinks back to how easily the Reaver had him on the ground and nods slowly. "Show me then."

He listens carefully as Jayne explains how to get out of a strangleholds and arm-bars and the first dozen times of trying to put knowledge into practice he ends up tumbling onto the ground, but when he finally succeeds in using balance and tactics to get out of a headlock and tips Jayne over as part of his defensive manoeuvering he can't describe it in any other way than absolute elation. He knows it's just an endorphin rush but, damn, it's good -- better than shooting guns any day.

"Hell, Doc," says Jayne as he lies underneath Simon, breathing fast. "You're a quick learner."

Power is a wonderful aphrodisiac. With that muscular body solid between his legs, Simon immediately firms up to full erection. Running his hand over Jayne's belly he leans forward, tracing the outline of Jayne's tattoo with the tip of his tongue then moving across to kiss each dark nipple and lick a path upward from chest to throat.

Jayne's Adam's apple bobs up and down as he swallows hard, a hungry expression on his face. "Want something, do ya?"

"Want you," breathes Simon, peppering kisses over Jayne's jaw.

"Well then, go ahead and have me. I ain't complaining."

The moment is incredibly erotic. Simon pushes his hand down inside the waistband of Jayne's pants searching out the velvet hardness of his cock. God, he loves the feel of Jayne's ji ba, loves that delirious look on the man's face when he's being touched up. More than anything he wants them to fuck, but this isn't the place for a first time. The slow ascent towards full sex is both intense and highly frustrating but in a very good way. He never expected Jayne would be the kind of guy to tolerate waiting, let alone enjoy it.

Unzipping Jayne's pants Simon takes hold of that cock and lets it slip dry through his fingers, enjoying the accompanying whoosh of breath that's expelled from Jayne's lungs. Tugging those combats down low, Simon insinuates himself in between Jayne's thighs, scattering kisses over that hairy stomach then dipping his tongue in and out of the man's navel. Jayne bucks up, moaning a little, his erect cock rubbing against Simon's skin and, wetting his finger with spit, Simon decides to take things a little further.

Jayne stills the moment Simon touches him. "I ain't never been a bottom," he mutters.

Simon continues to circle Jayne's hole with the tip of his wet finger. "Just playing," he says. "A finger can feel good."

"I know that." Jayne lifts his head up and glares. "I ain't a gorram virgin, you know. Just that…" His sentence tails off.

"Just that you've never had a prick inside you." Simon's laughing, but all the while he continues to work at Jayne, loosening him up.

"Think you're real funny, don't you?" says Jayne, but despite those narrowed eyes he squirms around to get his boots, socks and pants off then spreads a little wider making it easier for Simon to carry on with his exploratory games. "Bet you done a whole heap of this… professionally speaking, I mean," he says with a grin, fully naked now and relaxing back into the grass.

Simon's a surgeon not a proctologist and he would answer back except that right now he has an inch of finger inside Jayne and his lips are closing around a rock solid erection.

He adores blowing the man, fell in love with it the moment he got his mouth on that big, fat knob and would happily do it all day long. With his finger milking Jayne's prostate in gentle, downward strokes and his hard on grinding into the rough cotton of his combat pants, he settles in for a long session in the warmth of the afternoon sun.

When Jayne begins to thrash wildly, Simon readies himself for a mouthful of come, but instead, every muscle tightening, the man cries out, his body bucking and trembling as he holds back his ejaculation.

Breathing erratic, Jayne once again rounds on Simon, but this time with something very different in his eyes. All but ripping Simon's clothes off, he pushes him back onto the grass, lifting and spreading his legs then sliding his tongue up Simon's crack until the tip makes contact with his hole.

Tianna! Simon's going to come from the rimming alone. When that tongue squirms deeper, licking him inside and out, he's on the point of begging for a fuck, but then Jayne pulls back, changing position until he's straddling Simon with a hand on both their cocks, working them both fiercely, the feel of that skin, all calloused and hot, driving Simon wild.

Jayne comes first, spunk streaming out of him, a ton of it built up from the thorough prostate milking and dry orgasm he had earlier. The feel of the hot fluid spattering Simon's skin pushes him over the edge and he thrusts uncontrollably into Jayne's fist, breaking into a sweat as he climaxes.

"That's a guy." Jayne licks the semen off each hand in turn. "So gorram pretty."

Simon collapses back into the grass. It's as if there's never been an Osiris, or a Serenity, or, god forgive him, a sister called River. It's as if that foul-mouthed, mannerless mercenary never existed. There's just now… and them.

"Y'okay, Doc?"

Blinking himself back to reality Simon sees Jayne leaning over him, worry obvious in the man's eyes. There's no need for it though because he's more than okay.

"I'm good," he answers.

*

They stay out all day and it's such a wonderful change from being cooped up inside that Simon is filled with this childish need to spin around and around until he's dizzy or maybe roll down the grassy hillside. He resists the urge.

"There's a fair-sized herd of deer here in these woods," says Jayne, squatting down and examining the tracks. "Though we ain't gonna see any today with all the noise we been making."

Simon isn't sure if he's talking about the gunfire or the sex.

"We've got a chance at some rabbit though," continues the mercenary, "Just need to rest back here in the trees a while and be patient." Jayne kneels down, opening his case and taking out a gun. "You wanna try it?"

"I'm no use with rifles," replies Simon, only too aware of his own shortcomings. He's happy to concede that physicality is not his forte.

"This ain't a rifle, it's a shotgun." Jayne throws Simon an affectionate look. "Sprays out pellets which means more chance of bagging some of the little critters for supper."

Simon shrugs, doubtful that he's ever going to care much about the specifics of hunting weapons -- unless, of course, they end up living on the outskirts of this ghost town for many years to come.

"I don't see anything to kill," he murmurs, paying a little more attention.

"Perfect place for rabbits," says Jayne, pointing a finger across the terrain. "See where the edge of the trees turns into low shrub and brambles. Once the sun starts to go down then they'll be out grazing."

It happens exactly the way Jayne describes. In less than an hour they have two rabbits ready for the pot and, both of them too tired to stay out any longer, they make their way back home. It's bordering on bizarre to think that Love Knot Farm has now replaced Serenity as Simon's home. He's becoming nomadic, setting up camp wherever the wind blows him.

"I'll gut these out the back," says Jayne once he's checked the house over from roof space to cellar, his revolver in his hand. "You light the range and fire up the generator."

Chores done, Simon sinks into a chair with a huge sigh of relief. He's exhausted; he can't ever remember being this physically tired before, and is almost on the point of dozing off when Jayne marches in, a cold breeze accompanying him and slamming the door back on its hinges.

"Found some taters and beans in the garden," the man says triumphantly, slamming the two rabbits and a pile of vegetables down on the table. "They're overgrown a mite, but who gives a rut, eh? Fresh veggies! Ain't had any of them for a year or more."

Once upon a time, Simon would not only have turned his nose up at the mess on the table, but also at Jayne's ugly use of language. Now he just leans back and opens a drawer, reaching in for a paring knife. "It's getting cold," he says as he wipes the crusted earth off one of the potatoes and begins to peel away the skin.

Back-heeling the door shut, Jayne places one of the rabbits onto a block and begins to butcher it. "Weather looks to be on the turn. Clouds are building out to the east of us, big uns too. We oughta stock up tomorrow in case the change sets in."

Simon's good mood dissipates. "I need to mend those solar panels as soon as possible," he says gloomily. "There's not a lot of diesel left in town."

"Now you listen up," says Jayne, stopping what he's doing and staring at Simon. "Things are okay. We got fresh food to cook and a safe place to stay and we can make the trip to Hartford when stocks get low. It's fifty miles or so over the ridge but nothing we can't handle. All's good." He pauses. "Got some other good things happening too, I reckon," and his smile is full of warmth rather than the usual crudity.

Simon's baffled. His world has been turned haywire and he naturally assumed Jayne felt the same way, but this apparently isn't the case. With the Reavers gone from Gainsborough, Jayne is growing more comfortable as each day passes.

"Gotta think positive, Doc," the big man adds as he joints the meat.

As if to emphasise their earlier conversation, rain begins to spit lightly against the windows, the droplets growing steadily heavier and spilling down the glass in streaks.

"That ain't a bad thing," says Jayne, looking speculatively at the worsening weather. "Could do with a downpour to wash them streets."

"How far did you get with the clean up?" asks Simon. It's something they hardly ever talk about. Too gruesome. Too much of a reminder.

"I shifted all the bodies that were left into the town hall." Jayne snorts with laughter. "Probably the most use it's ever been."

Simon thinks back to its location, a fair distance away from the other buildings. "We could burn the place down," he suggests, surprisingly excited at the idea of committing arson. This new life they're forging is so visceral and yet, rather than disgusting him as it would have done before, he finds it a catharsis. He's never experienced anything like this.

"'S what I thought too." Jayne rinses the meat then salts it, oils it, throws it into a roaster and places it in the range. "I ain't a fancy cook," he says with an apologetic smile.

"I ain't any kind of a cook."

Simon laughs at his own bad mimicry of Jayne's accent then dodging a playful cuff from the big man, he carries the potatoes over to sink, washing them under running water and dropping them and the handful of green beans into two separate pans.

This meal, however appalling it's likely to taste, is a thing to be remembered -- their first attempt at doing things for themselves on this devastated rock. It's cause for celebration and taking the bottle of brandy from the shelf, Simon notes with satisfaction that Jayne hasn't touched another drop.

The storm continues to build, rain lashing the window panes, and Simon can feel his skin tingle with excitement as he pours two mugs of liquor and replaces the bottle.

"Hell, it's getting wild out there," says the mercenary, gazing at the sky.

Simon can see that same wildness reflected in Jayne's eyes, feral and dark, and with a low moan the big man strides forward, his mouth locking against Simon's, bristles of the newly grown goatee grazing Simon's skin.

Supper forgotten, the kitchen detritus is swept off the table, brandy spilling onto the floor, as Jayne half-lifts, half-shoves Simon onto the wooden surface and with a couple of quick flicks of his fingers has both their pants undone and pushed down.

Jayne's erection is as urgent as Simon has ever seen it and gulping with excitement he watches him reach for the bottle of cooking oil and slather a handful over his cock.

"Your turn," growls the big man.

Fuck! Those greased up fingers burrowing inside him turn Simon into an incendiary ball of need and he grows dizzy with longing. He's not had full sex for two years and even then it was nothing more than a sad encounter with a rent boy from a cheap bagnio on Boros.

Jayne clambers up onto the table, pants getting caught up in his eagerness to rut. "Gorramit," he snarls, kicking off his clothing and then kneeling in between Simon's open legs. With one hand around his erection and the other braced on the table he drops suddenly, his body weight crushing Simon and taking his breath away in this wheeze of pleasure.

Instinctively Simon lifts his legs high and hooks them tightly around Jayne, the slight shift in position pushing them intimately together. He waits, every part of him throbbing with expectation as Jayne's cock rests against his hole. The stillness probably lasts no longer than ten seconds but it feels more like an hour. Gulping back the whine that's rising in his throat, he bucks upward taking Jayne inside him and the initial pain is so good it brings tears to his eyes.

"Can't. Gotta," groans Jayne and with a pump of his hips embeds himself deeply in Simon.

Fuck, it's good, deliciously agonizing in a way that Simon only ever experiences through anal sex. His body rising to meet Jayne's, they slap together, hot smart of skin against skin, fingers pinching and scraping as they have the kind of dirty, roughhouse rutting that makes Simon's insides boil over with every chafe of his prick against Jayne's hairy belly.

"Gonna..." gulps Jayne and then he comes, hot and wet, inside Simon.

The salt stings him back to a semblance of reality, but before Simon has time to think clearly he's being dragged, tugged, pulled over until he has to cling to the edge of the table to stop himself from falling onto the floor.

"Do me," grunts the big man. "Want it. Want you to do it."

Simon shuffles off the table then drags Jayne backwards until he's resting prone, his upper body lying across the wooden surface and his feet on the floor. It's easier this way for first time intercourse. Shaking with excitement, he begins to fondle Jayne open with slow thrusts of his lubed fingers, fucking him with his hand, twisting and stretching and teasing the man until he's rubbing anxiously against him.

"Just do it, will you."

But Simon knows that Jayne's not ready yet. He's waiting to feel that bone-deep tremble, waiting until that big cock fills with blood and bangs solid against the edge of the table. Ye su! He's so hard.

"Simon."

The vowels become drawn out with need and Simon could get addicted to hearing his name spoken this way. Jayne pushes up, bracing himself on the table, biceps bulging as he strokes himself off against anything everything he can gain purchase on. Simon feels him up with his free hand, cupping his balls and massages his ji ba then he withdraws his oiled up fingers and with a pump of his hips--fuck!--he's inside Jayne. "Fuck!" Jayne! Sweating and moaning beneath him. "Jayne!" Hot as fire and squeezing him so very tightly. "Fucking christ!" How is he going to be able to move without coming?

"Fuck." The word is spoken so softly, hardly more than a whisper. "Tianna."

Simon stills. "Too much?" he asks.

"No. Go on."

Jayne's louder now, vocal about exactly what he needs.

"Just there." "That's it, Doc." "Harder now, gorramit."

Relaxed now, Simon leans forward, trailing kisses over Jayne's back as he ruts into him, bringing himself to orgasm with a final hip juddering thrust.

"Gotta say you have a real filthy mouth for such a prissy feller." Jayne turns and shifts sideways, sprawled out and idly caressing his semi-erect cock.

Simon's in too much of a daze to answer. Wo de ma! He's just had dirty, messy sex on a kitchen table that was covered in blood, earth, brandy and vegetable peelings and, without doubt, it rates as his best fuck ever.