Spin the stick {Homoeraticus} (mm inc)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you do not like stories involving under-age persons or involving bi-sexuality then please do not read further, it's as simple as that.

The following is a story about two male cousins and their adventures together as young teenagers. If this subject is offensive, uninteresting or if you are a minor (i.e., child) please leave now.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


INTRODUCTION - A story about two young male cousins who find a way to kill time during the summer holidays.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

After breakfast we went to get dressed and get ready to go out to play in the local park.
We were both kind of shy when it came to playing with the other local kids in our grandparents town so we generally just stuck to ourselves at the sides of the park. The town itself was not particularly friendly so whenever we had tried to seek out mates it tended to backfire and involve a lot of threats and running away.
So this time we again stuck to the back of the park where there was a little clump of trees and some shrubs. After about an hour of pretending to be in the army we took a rest in the forested area behind some shrubs.
"You want to play dares again Rob?"
John caught me off guard again.
"What, here? In the park?! How?" I replied.
"Yeah, come on it'll be fun. We can just use a stick." John said eagerly.
"OK then, but nothing too crazy, you know what the local kids are like!".
With that we both stood up and John found a good stick with a little nob at the end that we could use to tell who's side it fell on.
He threw it in the air with a little bit of spin and we waited to see who would get the first dare today.

No surprises it landed on me.
"haha, it's always you, but OK the first dare is simple. I dare you to take your cock out for 10 seconds."
As usual there was no beating around the bush with John so I took a deep breath and had a quick look around the area.
Nobody about.
I quickly unzipped my jeans and scrambled around trying to push my boxers down to get my cock out.
I was about to start counting when John piped up.
"Hey you need to get your balls out too, the whole thing, cmon!"
He was just standing there staring whilst I pulled the rest of my junk out.
It felt so good, being outside with the slight breeze on my cock and balls. So different to playing inside. So much better.
He counted to 10 and then back in it went.
I threw the stick in the air and surprisingly it landed on John!

"Okay your turn then. I dare you. To take your cock out. For 30 seconds!"
Also as usual this was no problem for John and he didn't hang around.
Straight down with the zip and straight out with his cock.
With his top lifted up to make sure I could see, memories of last night came flooding back to me of how much I liked that cock.
I guess he caught me staring because he smiled as I quickly begun counting, but not too fast of course.
When it got to about 25 he slowly moved his hand to his balls and gave them a little squeeze, as I hit 30 he stroked his cock and then put it back in.
It was then his turn to throw it and of course it was straight back on me.
As usual he upped the anti and this time dared me to get my cock out and keep it out for the next 10 minutes whilst we carried on playing. Of course this scared me a little, we were in public and he could sense my worry.
"don't worry you can keep your shirt pulled down just in case somebody comes"
Well I guessed that was going to be about as good as it got so I got on with it, and again it felt so damn good having myself exposed like this.
"hey hey hey hold on, I need to check it is actually out!"
He never lifted my top to check, instead he ran his hand quickly down from my naval to my cock, gave it a little squeeze and then quickly cupped my balls. Oh man that felt so good and I did let out a little sigh. He noticed and cupped my balls a second time with more of a squeeze this time and then retreated back.
I quickly picked up the stick and launched it into the air, but god dammit it landed on me again.
This time he set about to quickly dish out the dare and told me that he wanted my trousers below my arse too and not just my cock out.
I saw no harm in this and quickly complied before John quickly stepped up and felt my arse to make sure, and with a little squeeze he let go and retreated again.

With my bum exposed it felt even better and I couldn't help but let my cock become harder and harder almost instantly.
I bent down to pick up the stick and in doing so my cock slipped out from under my t-shirt. Instead of rearranging myself I left it be, it was more exciting and more rewarding after catching my cousins eye and getting another grin in return.
So I spun the stick anyway and finally it landed on him!
The way I saw it I had two options here. I could either get him to expose himself too, or I could get him to play with me for a bit.
After deciding that we hadn't quite reached that stage yet I decided to make him expose.
"I dare you, to get your cock out, including your balls and your ass for the next 15 minutes!"
I'm not really sure why I added the extra 5 minutes on but it just felt like it needed it.
With that decided John set about to exposing himself to me. I saw his cock head appear quickly before disappearing underneath his top and then within seconds he was done.
I guessed I had better check, or maybe I just wanted to anyway but I quickly walked forward and moved my hand round from his hip to his cock, lightly pressing the whole time. When I reach his lump I squeezed gently and took a hold of his shaft giving it a light twist before lightly pinching his head and moving on down  to his balls where I cupped them and squeezed gently. Like me he let out a sigh so I squeezed again a bit harder and held them for a second.
With my left hand still cupping his balls gently I moved my right hand to feel his but and gave each cheek a quick squeeze before removing my hands and retreating back.
This whole time I forgot that my cock was still out and harder than ever now. Whilst John picked up the stick I gave myself a few tugs absent mindedly.

The stick fell my way. I wasn't sure if I was pleased or not but at least it meant it was out of my hands now.
"ok Rob, I dare you to drop your trousers to your ankles for 1 minute, and masturbate the whole time"
I guessed there was nothing to argue about so I quickly dropped my pants and started wanking off.
John was watching and looking directly at my hands as I squeezed my own balls for a second. The same hands that had just squeezed his and his arse. That made me feel even hornier and tried looking towards his cock to try and see something, anything.
I could just about see his balls and I could make out the shape of his cock pressing against his top.
After about 30 seconds of this I saw him move his hands down to his own cock and start to squeeze his own shaft through his top.
I was positive he was about to take it out so I could see it, but then he called out 60 and stopped groping himself.
I carried on for a few seconds, it felt so damn good out in the open.
"hey stop! I said stop, it's already time!!!"
"aah, not yet" I replied "please not yet it feels good John!"
"no! Stop! It's not part of your dare!"
And with that he reached out and put his hand on top of mine and tried to stop me.
It slowed me down but it didn't make me stop. He reached out with his other hand and grabbed my balls. At first it was a gentle squeeze but then it got harder. It felt good, so good, but then he squeezed even more and it took me to another level. I kind liked it but it hurt. I stopped for now.
"okay okay okay, I'll stop for now, damn man that hurt!"
"well you should have stopped then! Next time it'll be worse!" and he half grinned.
I didn't know if I should look forward to that or not, either way it was time to flip the stick, but my trousers were still down by my ankles I reached down to pick them up.
"No Rob. I think you should leave them there, as punishment for being naughty. Yeah, leave them there until after the next dare."
He was smiling as he said it and he knew that I wasn't going to disobey. He knew I loved it really.

I awkwardly bent down to pick up the stick and then threw it into the air.
Unsurprisingly it landed on me and at this stage I was starting to feel both ultra horny yet kind nervous. We were after all in a public park surrounded by noisy kids, half of which you would probably associate with as bullies. I as for sure feeling awkward and torn inside.
"Okay then Rob, your doing well I guess, you've been getting a lot of dares. I think it's time for you to share it out a bit though, I'm getting bored over here. Besides your cock quite a bit of loving last time out."
With that he started walking towards me and stopped about half a meter away.
"So I want you to get on your knees"
really? I thought to myself, so soon? Surely this could only mean one thing?
"go on, get on with it, get on your knees!"
he was still smiling with himself as I clambered to my knees, so awkward when you have trousers around your ankles, so unstable.
"right then, now you are in position and don't worry I'm gonna help you stay stable."
I looked up at him as he said this
"now I want you to use both of your hands and make me feel good, I'll count in my head for about 2 minutes"
he grinned even more this time as I looked up and then started to look downwards.
"I would get started quickly if I were you before I add something else on" he spoke from above my head
Upon hearing that, I never really hurried, but I did start right away. I guess I kind of did actually want some extra dare but I was so eager to get my hands back on his cock properly.
Without wasting any time lifted up his shirt and grabbed a hold of his shaft. With my left hand I cupped his balls and gave them a little squeeze, but not so lightly this time.
He sighed, as expected and I started stroking his girthy cock with my right hand. It filled most of my grip up at its widest point. It was so fun to be doing this, it must have so good to him too.
As I was stroking him he took a half step closer to me so his cock was only a few inches from my face. I guessed I knew what he wanted after last time.
So I took a deep breathe and the gently blew air over his cocks head. If he sighed last time he sighed twice as much this time and I continued to blow air whilst I carried on.
He called out one minute gone. I was pretty certain it was past a minute but I wasn't going to complain.
With the knowledge that I still had plenty of time I slowed down somewhat. I started reaching further and further under him as I played with his balls. I was gradually making my way to his ass.
I eventually got my hand fully between his legs and spread my hand as far as I could to grab some ass before running my hand back through to his balls. I done this a few times before I got a little more adventurous as I assumed I would be running out of time soon.
Still jerking him off head to balls I reached through with my left hand. Instead of stretching my hand out wide a ran my middle finger through his crack. As I gently stroked his hole it must have surprised him as he jumped a little. He composed himself, I looked up at my cousin and smiled. He looked down at me and grinned, then took another half step closer. His cock now just cm's away from my lips.
I breathed in and I could smell him, I could smell his young teen cock. Then I blew out hard against his head. He sighed big time.
I reached back to his anus and gave it another little stroke. He jolted and the tip of his cock brushed my lips leaving his pre cum on them.
I licked it off as I continued my stroking.
As I reached back through to his ass again he called out time.
I continued, I pushed my finger against his ass and with the hand that I was jerking him with I brought his cock closer to my lips. I don't know why, but I kissed it. Getting a nice bit of suction right on the tip.
Then I let go, stood up and pulled up my underwear and pants.

"I think we should go somewhere else John, it's dangerous here, its too dodgy for this"
he agreed
"how about the woods on the other side of town?" he suggested, but I had no idea where they were
"I dunno, do you trust there? I've never been I have no idea?"
"yeah yeah yeah they are proper woods, not like this one, we can go right off the track into the undergrowth, find somewhere quiet. What do you say Rob?"
I had to admit I was up for it, I really wanted to keep things going now whilst we had the urge.
"okay lets do it lets go!"

Just before we left John spoke up.
"How about a double dare? Just before we go?"
I asked him what he had in mind.
"Well, we each select a dare, then we throw the stick and whoever it lands on is the dare we both do, deal?"
I accepted.
John spoke up first "okay so my dare for us, is that, we both walk there with our underwear pulled down, but with our trousers pulled up. So we kind of feel exposed but are not."
"okay that sounds fair, for my one I am going to say that we have our zips undone, but nothing out".
John laughed, he knew it sounded a bit weak.
I threw the stick up, and it landed on John. Trust for it to land on him the one time it didn't really count.
And with that we both started to push our underwear down before doing our jeans back up.
He was right, it did feel kind of exposed, but yet not.
As we walked, and as we passed people it felt like I was waiting for them to notice, but nobody ever did.
So we walked in peace, with each of us knowing what was happening in the other ones pants.

We walked there slowly.