Tarrant stands and tends to his own side of the garden while Alice searches for a topic of conversation. The sun is warm on her arms and shoulders and the breeze plays with the strands of her hair that have already escaped the plait she’d woven into it that morning. She closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, sighs... 

It is peaceful here, she realizes. Peaceful and yet wild in a way that the gardens at the castle never seem to be. She glances toward the tree line and wonders if these undomesticated brethren even speak the same Tree Language as the ones at Marmoreal. 

Well, perhaps during a well-deserved break today, she’ll discover the answer to that question. Still, in order to deserve a break, she will have to earn it. Alice picks up the White Champion Flower pattern from the soil and applies the buttercup one Tarrant had selected for her. She’s about to start the first stitch when it occurs to her that Tarrant knows very little about her life Above, her family. Yes, perhaps she will talk about that... 

“Have you ever seen a bicycle?” she asks him suddenly. 

“No, I don’t believe I’ve ever met such a creature,” he admits cheerfully. And so Alice describes it to him. They talk and stitch and it’s not until Alice must venture from the grassy aisle and into the soft earth of the garden that something – a flicker of memory – comes to her. Of course, it comes at precisely the wrong moment and Alice ends up windmilling her arms as the ground shifts beneath her right boot. She squeaks; the basket goes flying and patterns scattering and she lands hard on her rump with a bubble of laughter. 

“Alice! Are you all right?” 

“I’m fine!” she reassures her husband. He’d leapt to his feet and is clomping over to her in his own over-sized muck-about boots. When he reaches out a hand to help her up, she takes it, pulls herself into a sitting position, and thanks him for the rescue. 

“My pleasure, Champion,” he replies with a wink and then gathers the scattered patterns for her before he clomps back across the grassy median. 

Alice watches him go, her fingers digging deeply into the earth, marveling... remembering... 

“After much consideration,” she begins, “I do believe this is the first garden I’ve created.” She glances over at Tarrant as he situates himself in his garden again. 

“Yes, you said as much,” he replies, examining the thread on his gardening needle. 

“Although I have the vague memory of destroying one.” 

He pauses, twitches, and she finds herself meeting his wide, worried eyes over his shoulder. She smirks and explains. “I was... five, I think. And my sister Margaret was nearly ten... and completely unbearable about it. And we were in the garden playing... No, no that’s not right. She was sitting on the garden bench with her book and I was making mud pies...” 

Alice giggles at the memory. “And Margaret... oh, she can be such a blasted know-it-all! She was lecturing me on something or other and I... well, I selected my very finest mud pie and— Splat! ” Alice claps her hands together to emphasize the impressiveness of the sudden attack. “I got her right on her white lace pinafore! Oh, she was furious! ” 

Caught up in the memory, Alice smiles broadly at her grubby hands. “Mother found us, covered from head to toe in mud and peony petals. We’d completely demolished the whole lot of those poor flowers.” She lets out a wistful sigh. “Getting caught had not been fun... but watching Margaret getting caught... now that had been worth it!” 

For a long moment, the meadow is quiet. Alice relishes the nearly-forgotten memory. 

“Do you... miss your sister? Your mother?” 

She blinks at the hesitant question and focuses on Tarrant’s drawn and pale features. “Sometimes,” she replies honestly. “But I miss who they used to be more than I miss them as they are now... I miss the simple times. When my father was alive and he didn’t care if my shoes were scuffed and my hands were dirty from playing outside, when my mother laughed and combed my hair, when my sister still had the sense to dream about the future...” 

“They... do not do those things now?” 

Alice sighs. “No. My father is... he passed away years ago. My mother has good intentions for me but I don’t agree with them. And my sister is a Lady, through and through. And you know how much I hate being called a lady!” 

Tarrant giggles and she smiles. The strain between them eases. “I should advise you to go back to them, your family,” he says. “But I am too glad that you returned to Underland. So I won’t. Advise you to do any such thing, I mean.” 

“Good. Or I shall have to remember how to make mud pies so I can throw one at you!” 

He blinks. “I should think the pie would be quite upset over being thrown. Food does tend to disagree with you when you mishandle it! And yet,” he continues in a pondering sort of tone, “the name of the food in question would suggest it is composed of... mud. And it is hard to imagine mishandled mud. Unless,” he continues, speaking faster with excitement, “the mud is not mud at all but some other poorly named Above edible?” 

“Oh, no. It’s mud. M-U-D, mud,” Alice assures him. “You gather a bit in your hands like so,” she says demonstrating with a bit of too-dry soil... to his obviously increasing Horror. “Pack it a bit. Give it a pleasing shape and... voilà! Mud pie!” 

He makes a face that is far too expressive to be anything but heartfelt disgust. “Blegh. That...doesn’t sound very appetizing, Alice.” This observation is stated with such careful tact that Alice can’t help but be tickled by it. 

“They can’t possibly be all that popular,” he suddenly declares. 

“Oh, but they are!” Alice manages to rebut. “Especially amongst children.” 

He mutters, “Eating mud... shameful... horrid way to raise a child...” 

Alice is too busy biting her lip (to keep herself from snorting out loud and ruining the joke) to correct him. Oh, goodness but he honestly thinks people Above eat mud pies!! Alice presses the back of her wrist (which is a bit sweaty but clear of dirt) over her mouth to contain the burst of laughter. Tarrant, however, is rather caught up in his righteous outrage and doesn’t notice her apoplectic fit of suppressed humor. 

“Why, my children shall never have to eat mud, certainly not!” he insists vehemently. 

Suddenly, the harmless misunderstanding doesn’t seem quite so... amusing. Alice feels the laughter evaporate out from every pore on her being. She lowers her wrist and, blinking down at her own soil-caked fingers, sits back on her rump. Shocked. Numb. 

Children. 

Children! 

Oh, great galumphing mome raths... 

For the first time, it occurs to Alice that the very act which she is so eagerly anticipating... the very state of matrimony in which Alice finds herself joined with Tarrant is... well, the purpose of it is... 

Children. 

Her every thought hits that single consequence and simply... stops.