


                     
Girl Scout Camp Chronicles - 1
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Jan and Angie land summer jobs at a Girl Scout Camp, 
and meet some sweet young things. (FFff-teens, ped, 
mast, orgy)
 
***

Summer rolled around again. Seems like winter really 
flew by for a change. Angie and I turned seventeen, and 
in June we went looking for jobs to get some spending 
cash to buy sexy clothes with.

A friend of my mom's had a daughter, Sandy, who was the 
head counselor at Camp River Glen in the San Bernardino 
Mountains, so we got the opportunity to fly south and 
become tent mothers, under the watchful eye of my mom's 
friend's daughter.

She met us at the airport and we both nudged each other 
when we saw the size of her breasts. They were big, and 
perfect, with big nipples like my aunt Kay's. She had a 
hundred watt smile and the cutest dimples that we had 
ever seen in a twenty two year old girl. Long silky 
black hair almost to her waist and the long dress down 
to her ankles gave her a kind of hippy look, without 
the spaced out facial features which we so often saw on 
older flower children in our neck of the woods in 
Eastern Washington.

She drove us up into the mountains while we chatted and 
got to know each other. She was really interested in 
our nerve endings problems, and I thought I saw a 
slight flush when we explained some of the stuff that 
really got to us, like taking showers and having terry 
cloth towels rub over our private parts. 

We finally arrived at the camp, after fording two 
really deep streams, and drove into the circle in front 
of the main lodge. Then we went into the office and 
filled out all the forms, and she explained about our 
duties as tent mothers, and assigned us adjoining 
tents. She walked us around the grounds, pointing out 
the swimming pool and the other facilities, and we 
finally got to see our new homes for the next three 
months.

Angie and I both explored our little tent covered 
houses, and checked out the showers and beds in each. 
We were going to be assigned ten Scouts each, aged nine 
to twelve, and would be in charge of getting them to 
all the festivities and nursing cuts and bruises, and 
generally making sure everybody had a good time to 
write home about. 

Each session lasted four weeks so we would really have 
a chance to get to know our little charges.

The next morning the bus pulled in bright and early, 
while the grass was still dewy, and wood smoke from the 
kitchen hung low over the valley.

The doors opened, and out poured some of the most 
adorable little kids that Angie and I had ever set eyes 
on! She looked over at me as we watched them unload, 
and behind her hand ran her tongue in and out quickly 
as she grinned, and shook her hips. I gave her a stern 
glance and she laughed, as a couple of the girls turned 
toward us to see what their new mothers were going to 
be like.

One little thing really caught my eye, and apparently 
she was impressed by me, too. She grinned, and then 
came over and stuck out a little hand and said, "Hi! 
I'm Nicole, but everybody calls me Nicky. Are you my 
new mom?" she giggled.

I smiled back as I looked her up and down, and then I 
checked my clipboard to see if she was on it.

"Yep, you're my new little girl," I laughed, as she 
came closer and I hugged her

"Oh good! I really think you're very pretty, and I love 
pony tails, don't you?"

"Yes, sweetie, I really do like my pony tail, and thank 
you for saying so," I laughed, as we walked over to 
where Angie was talking to two of her new tent kids.

"This is my dear friend Angie. Angie, meet Nicky, one 
of my girls."

"Hi, Nicky! Glad to have you aboard. You sure are cute, 
you know?"

Nicky blushed all the way from her toes to her hairline 
as she looked at the ground, and pushed dirt around 
with one little sandal, complete with little red 
painted toenails.

"It's all right, honey, she's just impressed with how 
old you look, is all."

Nicole looked up and grinned at the supreme compliment 
to any nine year old girl.

"Do you really think so?" 

"Yes, honey, I do, and I'm going to make you my special 
girl while you're here, okay?"

"Oh, that is so neat! Let's go tell the others, okay?"

"Sure, but don't tell them that we are buddies, or they 
might get jealous, okay?"

Nicky grinned, and then reached up to pull me down and 
plant a wet kiss on my face. I looked around quickly to 
see if anyone had noticed my flushed face, and Angie 
winked, and grinned widely back at me. 

We lined the others up, and marched off to the tents 
singing as we went, "HI Ho, Hi Ho, It's off to camp we 
go," as we skipped and danced around like a bunch of 
wood nymphs.

We split into our two groups and went into our 
respective tents to assign each girl her bunk and foot 
locker. Then we went back down to the lodge for 
breakfast. As we sat at our tables, one per tent, I 
noticed one of my girls watching me all the time with 
furtive little glances at my breasts. The looks started 
turning me on a little, and I hugged my arms across my 
chest to keep my nipples from pushing my camp blouse 
out.

As we passed the food around the looks got more and 
more open, to the point that she actually licked her 
small lips with her little pink tongue, and small beads 
of sweat formed on her upper lip. My God, I thought, 
that little vixen is making me wet!

Nicky was sitting on my immediate right while I was at 
the head of the table. She nudged me with her knee, and 
leaned over and whispered,

"Jan, that girl down there by the end is staring at 
your blouse, did you notice?"

"You mean the tall twelve year old with the cute curly 
blonde hairdo?"

"Yes. I've seen my sister look at her girlfriend like 
that and they are lesbians, I think they call them that 
anyway, you know girls who like girls?"

"Yes, honey, you're correct. That's what lesbians are, 
and she is looking at me like that, it's true. You're 
awfully observant for one so young."

"I have to look out for you since I'm your buddy, 
right?"

"That's okay, sweetie. I'm little, but I can take care 
of myself, so don't worry. But I like you wanting to 
take care of me, it's cute," I answered, as I patted 
her little knee under the table.

We finished up and I led them outside for the morning 
crafts events. Then we all took a break, and I herded 
them into the dayroom lounge so they could relax, and 
have some free time to write letters and nap if they 
wanted. I sat on the leather couch with Nicky's little 
head in my lap while she dozed on and off. The twelve 
year old sat against the wall on a beanbag and eyed me 
constantly.

Finally I had had enough and called her over to sit by 
me.

"Candy. Why are you staring at me so much, honey?" I 
asked, as Nicky looked up to see what was going on.

"It's a free world, isn't it? I can stare at anyone I 
want, and you can't stop me!" she snarled back.

"Just because you are bigger than me don't think you 
can talk to me that way!" I barked, as I reached over 
and grabbed her wrist and twisted it back so her arm 
was pinned to the couch back

She let out a little yelp, and tears came to her eyes, 
as I squeezed her arm harder. I released her and she 
began to rub her wrist and sniffle.

"I'm sorry," She blubbered, "I only wanted to look at 
you, is that a crime?"

"Sweetie, you can look all you want, but try to be a 
little more careful, okay? There are little girls here 
and they get confused easily. Nicky even saw you and 
commented on it, and she's only nine."

"So come on, I apologize for hurting you, and you 
apologize for yelling at me, and we can be friends, 
okay?" I said.

She nodded, and moved over by me, and put her head on 
my shoulder. She looked up at me with the prettiest 
green eyes and smiled, as she hugged me.

"I'm really sorry, but you are so sexy looking that I 
couldn't take my eyes off you."

I gasped at the look in her eyes, and shivered, as I 
felt the moisture start to edge out of the slit between 
my cunt lips. I clenched my legs together to hold it in 
as Candy rubbed my arm, and continued to look into my 
eyes, with lust written all over her cute little face.

"Stop that, Candy!" I whispered, as Nicky stared at the 
two of us, "You're getting me all shook up looking at 
me that way."

"Aren't camp mothers supposed to take care of all their 
girls? I need special care, you know," She whispered, 
as she reached up and blew gently in my ear. I jerked, 
and Nicky stared harder at me, watching my lower lip 
tremble. I gently pushed Candy back, and lifted Nicky 
up, and then stood up. I walked over to the bathroom on 
shaking legs, and locked my self into one of the 
stalls.

"God, Angie, what have we stumbled into here! Not one 
day and I'm already having thoughts about raping every 
girl in my group!" I thought, as I plunged my hand 
under my shorts and fingered myself into an earth 
shattering orgasm! 

I finally got up, and cleaned my bottom, and flushed. 
Then I went back out to the dayroom and gathered my 
charges together to head for the afternoon swim 
classes. Nicky held my hand and Candy walked right 
beside me, brushing her hip against mine whenever she 
got the chance and nobody was looking. By the time we 
reached the change room my nerve endings were on fire 
again.

All the little girls quickly stripped off their shorts 
and tops and slipped into their little one piece suits. 
Candy gave me a sultry look as she slowly pushed her 
shorts down, and then followed up by sliding her hands 
under the waistband of her skimpy panties and 
seductively wiggling her slim hips as she slid them to 
the floor.

I gasped at the tall beautiful body before me. She 
raised her arms and tugged her top up over the tight 
little cones that one day would be gorgeous breasts. As 
she continued to stare at me she pulled her suit up, oh 
so slowly, enjoying my squirming on the hard bench in 
front of her hot little body. Finally she slipped her 
arms into the straps and pulled the suit over her stiff 
little nipples, and I bit my lip to keep from gasping, 
as an orgasm wracked my body!

I had never witnessed such a performance from a twelve 
year old in my life, and I was visibly shaken as we 
walked down to the pool. Angie joined me, and looked at 
me, and asked, "What train just ran over you, Jan? God, 
you look like you've been fucked silly. What happened 
in there?"

"I just saw the most amazing striptease. That tall 
twelve year old over there had me creaming my drawers, 
and actually caused me to have an orgasm!"

Angie giggled as we went over to the counselors' tent 
to change. I stripped my now soaked shorts off and 
Angie made a face at the odor coming off my hot cunt. I 
laughed and punched her shoulder as she toweled me off 
and rubbed my clit, while looking at me and giggling.

"Angie, stop already! We have to get out there before 
the boss gets suspicious and comes in looking for us." 
I panted, as she shoved her finger up my wet vagina. 
She laughed and smacked my mound playfully, and then we 
pulled our bikinis on.

As we exited the tent, the noise in the pool gradually 
ceased as twenty pairs of eyes stared at us. Angie and 
I are each knockouts in our own way, and the girls in 
the pool were frozen in place, with their mouths open, 
as they gawked at us in our skimpy little bikinis.

We walked over to the pool and sat down on the edge as 
our boss sat down, too, beside us.

"You two have made quite the impression on your girls," 
she said, as she pushed a loose hair out of my face. I 
blushed, and Angie smiled.

"I was talking to them before you came out and they 
were telling me how happy they all were to have such 
cute mothers while here at camp," she added, as she 
placed her hand on my thigh. When her fingers touched 
me the sparks literally flew up my spine, and I 
shivered, and tried to sit still as chills consumed me.

Angie was looking at my face and grinned, when she saw 
the flush start up from my neck to my burning cheeks. I 
panted as Sandy moved her hand in lazy circles on my 
leg. I involuntarily opened my legs and she smiled, as 
she scratched the inside of my left thigh with one pink 
painted nail. She had to know she was turning me on, 
but she just kept rubbing while she talked to us so the 
little girls didn't suspect a thing.

I couldn't take it any more so I slid off the tile and 
into the warm water and dove under to swim away into 
the shallow end. When I surfaced I was face to face 
with little Nicky. She grinned at me and threw her arms 
around my neck, and hugged me to her wet little body. 
Her soft skin was slippery and shining in the sunlight 
as I slid my hands down around her tight little buns 
under the surface of the pool.

She gasped, as I grabbed and pulled her little knee up 
into my crotch so her legs were straddling my thigh. 
Her smooth skin slid up and down as she began to push 
harder and harder against my leg, while sliding her 
flat little chest back and forth over my stiff nipples 
under my bikini top. I looked around to make sure 
everybody was busy horsing around and not paying any 
attention to us. Then I turned back and licked my 
tongue over Nicky's small mouth until I felt her 
squeeze my leg really hard, and heard her little gasp 
as the orgasm ran through her tiny body!

As she clung to me having her little convulsions I felt 
a hand pushing my bikini bottoms slowly down. Then I 
heard a voice whisper in my ear,

"What do you think you're doing to that little girl? 
How about trying that with me?"

I turned my head and stared into Candy's wide green 
eyes and shuddered again as I saw how badly she wanted 
me. She ran her hand under my legs and shoved her 
fingers up into my cunt, as I gasped and clung to Nicky 
so hard that she yelped, and tried to get loose. Then 
she looked into my eyes and realized something was 
going on that she was missing. Candy leaned around my 
shoulder so Nicky could see it was her messing with me.

Nicky's little mouth formed an `O' as she looked down 
in the clear bluish water and saw Candy's knuckles 
sticking out in front of my smooth shaven mound. She 
watched in awe as the water rippled up from the fast 
moving hand between my legs.

"Jan, what is she doing to you?" she gasped.

"Shhh! Nicky. She's finger fucking my cunny just like I 
would like to do to you sometime," I panted back, as I 
stretched my legs wide, and pushed down on the probing 
fingers.

Nicky blushed bright red, and then reached down and 
pulled her loose suit away from her little cunt. Then 
she pulled my hand down and up against her smooth 
hairless little vagina.

"You can do it right now if you want, Jan, I really 
want you to, okay?" She whispered, as I ran my finger 
up and down in the valley between the soft little puffy 
young cunt lips.

We were deep enough that only our three heads were 
above the surface as I jerked, and twitched, and Nicky 
pushed back and forth against my fingers. Then I 
stiffened, as Candy jammed her thumb up my little 
puckered hole and gripped hard, as she pummeled my hot 
little cunt unmercifully, while fucking my rear at the 
same time. The combination drove me higher and higher 
until I climaxed, and sank below the surface as I did, 
so I could let out a blood curdling scream with out 
anyone hearing me up above!

At that exact same moment Nicky came again, and 
clenched her little thighs tight around my hand as she 
bucked and gasped, over and over, clinging to my 
shoulders to keep from drowning as she submerged with 
me.

We looked at each other in the blurred water as bubbles 
rose from our mouths. Nicky grinned and blew bubbles 
into my open mouth as we rose back up to catch out 
breath. Candy was hugging my back as she giggled in my 
ear.

"Like to twist my arm again?" she chuckled, as she bit 
my ear lobe gently.

"If you'll do that to me every day until you leave, 
I'll forget about trying to keep you in line," I 
laughed, as I turned and kissed her puffy mouth hard. 
She moaned, and slid her thigh up into my groin, and 
wiggled her cunt against my leg, as her stiff little 
cones jabbed into my hard nipples through my bikini 
top.

Angie popped up out of the water, and grinned at us as 
she said,

"Is this a private party or can I join in the fun?"

We all laughed as I pushed her head back under. She 
sputtered to the top again and splashed water over us. 
That started a free for all, and all the rest of the 
campers joined in, until the pool was filled with 
screeching little girls, all trying to drown each 
other.

Finally Sandy blew her whistle to calm everybody down, 
and then we lined the kids up for swimming lessons. We 
worked most of the rest of the afternoon with 
kickboards and teaching them to float on their backs. 
Angie and I had lots of opportunities to fondle little 
nipples and cute little butts as we held them up on top 
of the water so they could get used to floating without 
fear of sinking.

As the sun passed behind the tall pines, it got cooler, 
and we pulled all our kids from the pool and helped 
them dry off. Then Angie and I changed back into our 
shorts and camp blouses. As I picked mine up, I turned 
to Ang and said,

"Angie. Do you think I could get away without wearing 
this darn bra?"

"I don't know, Jan, your nipples always show so easily. 
But I agree, they are a pain in the butt, for sure."

"Well, I'm going to try it, and if I'm not wrong, Sandy 
may like it more than we know," I giggled, as we 
buttoned up over our naked breasts. The cotton material 
felt nice, and my nipples did get hard right away as it 
brushed back and forth, causing shivers to run up my 
back. Angie stared at the bumps, and panted softly, as 
she licked her lips.

"Jeesh, Jan, I'm getting wet just looking at your 
nipples. If Sandy has a thing for you, that ought to 
make her cream her tight shorts," Angie laughed, as she 
grabbed my buns and squeezed. 

We walked out, and our groups formed around us in a 
circle as we explained the dinner arrangements. Then we 
all marched back to the lodge singing Girl Scout songs, 
and laughing about the fun day at the pool.

To be continued in part two...

