By the time the door opens, Dean has been kneeling in the dark for hours: the fire finally guttered out sometime around dusk. He has lost track of the number of times his legs have cramped up on him, but it’s been often enough that he doesn't think he'll be able to stand on his own. The only sensation left below his waist is a faint, persistent tingle in his thighs, and even that is fading. As he lifts his eyes to his brother, he wonders if the numbness will hold long enough that he won’t have to feel any of it.

Probably not. He doesn’t have that kind of luck.

Sam stands in the doorway: a faceless shadow backlit by light from the hallway. Then power rushes into the room, ruffling Dean’s hair, and a gold flare of light spreads across the ceiling. Dean blinks owlishly at the sudden brilliance but doesn’t lower his head. When his eyes have finally adjusted almost a full minute later, his brother still hasn’t moved.

In the new, power-driven illumination, Dean sees that Sam isn’t bloodied. There’s a strong scent of sulfur in the air, though, and a single streak of ash smudges his brother’s cheekbone. The cuffs of Sam's sleeves are singed.

Sam looks back at Dean: watching him in that still, intent way that owls watch mice. Tiny gold specks are reflected in his pupils, but for the first time there’s no warmth in that gaze. Dean didn’t know that the gold sheen of his brother’s eyes could turn so cold. His shoulders jerk in a half-restrained shiver and Sam’s jaw works at the movement.

After a moment, he says in a soft, dangerous voice, “What the fuck is this?”

Dean can hear the warning in his brother’s tone, but he’s past caring. “You win,” he says. “Whatever you want, okay?” His voice doesn’t waver at all. He sounds broken—worse, he sounds defeated—but he doesn’t really care about that either.

Sam looks at him for another minute and then steps inside and shuts the door. Dean can’t help but flinch a little at the sound: looks like he isn’t quite as resigned to this as he thought he was. Dropping his eyes so that Sam won’t be able to read the dread there, he watches his brother’s legs come closer and closer until he can feel Sam’s body heat. Until that sulfur scent is curling in his mouth: obscene.

Oh God, he’s gonna throw up again. He’s gonna try, anyway. But then he thinks of Bobby, of the possibility of finding a way out of this clusterfuck, and his stomach steadies. He doesn’t so much as twitch when Sam slips two fingers beneath his chin and tilts his face up.

Sam’s eyes are warmer now—not much, but a little—and Dean’s pulse slows as he drops his head further back. Terror and disgust float on top of his mind like froth on milk, but underneath he’s calm, and some part of him is even a little eager. If Sam smiles at him, that part will surge forward and Dean will be lost: as helpless to resist his brother’s pull as the tides are to resist the moon.

But Sam doesn’t smile. Intent, he traces his eyes over Dean’s face and rubs his thumb against Dean’s lips. The command is implicit and obvious, and without thinking Dean opens his mouth wide enough for his brother to edge his thumb inside.

Sam tastes like salt and sunlight, but underneath those innocuous flavors Dean catches an undercurrent of smoke that makes him want to gag. Jarred out of himself, he hesitates. Then Bobby’s homely face intrudes, half-concealed by a worn cap, and he screws up his courage and sucks Sam’s thumb deeper.

Keeping his eyes open and on his brother’s face, Dean curls his tongue around the digit. It’s been a while since he had to work to seduce anyone, and never Sam, but apparently seduction is kind of like doing a shot: once you figure out how to manage the trick, you never forget. Dean assumes he’s doing all right, anyway, because something flickers deep within Sam’s eyes as Dean’s tongue slides along his thumb.

When Sam pushes deeper, testing, Dean lets him. His brother presses a second finger after the first, and Dean takes that as well: alternating between sucking and licking the way he knows Sam likes.

By the time his brother finally pulls his fingers free, Dean is shaking. He licked away that tainted, smoky flavor several minutes ago, and since then there has been nothing but Sam: nothing but the familiar, loved taste of his brother’s flesh. Dean did his best to keep the now and the then separated in his mind, but he’s tired and his body is confused.

Despite yesterday’s betrayal, his groin aches. His cock juts forward at an angry, obvious angle. He’s aroused and so goddamned ashamed of that fact that he has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from throwing up all over both of them. Casting his gaze down and to the side, he waits for Sam to tell him how he wants him.

Sam is silent long enough that Dean has to dig his nails into his thighs to keep from bolting—or from trying to bolt: after being stuck in the same position for so long, his legs probably won't be very cooperative. When his brother’s voice finally comes, it’s flat with disappointment.

“I don’t want a whore.”

Dean’s breath punches out at the words and he hunches forward. Sam doesn’t say anything else, and he doesn’t touch Dean again. He just detours around him and heads deeper into the suite.

Dean doesn’t understand. He was—he was offering himself of his own free will, just like Sam wanted, and Sam—he just—

That son of a bitch.

With expected difficulty, Dean clambers to his feet and hobbles after his brother. Walking is torturous as his legs tingle and twitch and come back on line, but the prickling sensation isn’t anything compared to the hours of dread and self-loathing that he just endured.

And for what? So Sam could turn him down?

Sam is standing at the bathroom sink, splashing water across his forehead and cheeks and then dribbling it over the back of his neck. Dean doesn’t even hesitate. He just stumbles right up to his brother and shoves his shoulder.

“What the fuck?” he shouts. “This is what you wanted! You’ve been pushing for it for fucking months!” He has hold of Sam’s shirt now, shaking him while he yells, and he realizes that he’s amping himself up for a punch. Good. He’s gonna knock Sam’s head clean off.

“Let go of me,” Sam says quietly.

“You son of a bitch! What the fuck do you want?”

As Dean draws his arm back, Sam’s eyes snap up to his face and narrow. An instant later, power slams into him, shoving him back against the wall and pinning him there. His brother follows before he can drag in a breath, tangling a hand in his hair so that he can’t look away.

“I want you!” Sam yells. He’s furious: power leaking everywhere and making the walls creak in protest. The sink gives a solitary, abused groan and then collapses with a crash of ceramic dust, but Sam doesn’t seem to notice.

“Then fucking take me!” Dean snarls. “I told you: you want me, you can have me. Just do it already, for fuck’s sake.”

“You don’t want me, Dean. You want out.”

“So?” Dean demands. “Come on, fuck me. I’ll give you whatever you want.” He strains against his brother’s power and manages to twitch his hips forward. The force of Sam’s will strengthens immediately, stilling him, but he figures he made his point.

“It’s not enough,” Sam tells him.

“’Not enough’?” Dean repeats incredulously. “I’m begging you to fuck me and it’s not enough?”

“No.”

“Why?”

“Because you don’t want it,” Sam hisses. Ice snaps in his eyes: vicious. “When you come to me because you love me—because you want to show me how much you love me—then I’ll fuck you until you can’t remember there’s anything outside this room. Until your entire world is just this—” His hand cups Dean’s wilting erection, fingertips resting lightly on his balls. “Just me.”

And Dean gets it.

“No,” he whispers as Sam releases him and steps back. The power caging him loosens, and he slumps weakly but doesn’t try to get away. Something vital appears to have broken inside his chest. “No,” he repeats. “You can’t—Sam, that’s never—I can’t make myself love you.”

“I know you can’t. It’ll happen. I can wait.”

Sam bends down to pick up a towel—the same one Dean dropped earlier—and uses it to dry his face. Stunned, Dean watches his brother toss the damp towel onto the remains of the sink. Water is spilling out onto the floor from the broken pipes, but at a glance from Sam, the flow dies down to a trickle.

“I’m having pizza brought up in a few minutes,” he announces as he cards his fingers through his hair. “You can either stay in here or you can get dressed and come out into the other room. One or the other, Dean: I don’t want to have to blind another servant because you’re having an off day.”

Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, but Sam doesn’t actually seem to want a response. He turns and strides into the main room without a backward glance, leaving Dean alone in the ruined bathroom.

Slowly, Dean sinks down the wall and draws his knees in to his chest. Then he curls forward, buries his face against his legs and shakes. He can smell soap—Sam’s choice—and shampoo—Sam again—and suddenly he’s crying.

Jesus Christ, he doesn’t even smell like himself anymore. He smells like honey and roses, he smells like a fucking girl, and beneath that he smells like Sam.

Dean loses track of time while he sits there, but eventually another scent intrudes on his misery: pizza. He shouldn’t be hungry, not after the spectacular way the last few days have gone, but his stomach rumbles anyway. Now that he considers it, he can’t actually remember the last time he ate. He wonders what it would feel like to starve to death: whether the hunger would fade eventually, whether it would hurt.

Then he remembers what Sam would do if he tried it and decides that he doesn’t want to find out.

Inevitably, thinking of his brother's established consequences leads to thoughts of his misstep earlier today. Dean glances at the door, heartbeat tripping over itself in his chest, and then swears underneath his breath. Sam's going to find out about it eventually, of course, but Dean intends to postpone that moment as long as possible. Which will be a few minutes from now if he can't manage to stop thinking about it.

Frowning in concentration, he files his mistake away next to his memories of being held (open) down and corrupted in the mental folder labeled 'Don't Fucking Think About It, Asshole'. Dean has always been pretty good at denial and avoidance—sort of a natural talent of his—and this past year or so (God, how long has it been?) has only made him more practiced. Sure, the folder's getting a little full, and things keep falling out of it and tripping him up, but he's doing better than Sam would have if their positions were reversed.

Not that Dean ever would have done this to Sam, no matter how fucked up he was, but still.

Now that he feels steadier inside, Dean climbs to his feet and goes about the business of making himself presentable: blowing his nose and then taking the time to clean his face as best as he can with the leaking, choked flow of water from the bathtub faucet. Sam already knows he was sitting in here sobbing like a fucking pussy, of course, but that doesn’t mean that he has to look like it. Dean doesn’t have a whole hell of a lot of dignity left these days, but he’s clinging to whatever shreds he can find like a rat to the last, rotting boards of a sinking ship. If Sam wants to take those tattered fragments away, then he's gonna have to rip them from Dean's mangled, broken fingers.

Letting out a shaky breath, Dean smoothes a hand through his hair and squares his shoulders. Then, after wrapping a clean towel around his waist, he steps out into the main room.

Sam is sitting on the couch, balancing a plate of pizza on one knee and tapping a pen against a map that’s unfolded across the coffee table. Although he must be aware of Dean’s emergence, he doesn’t glance up or acknowledge him in any way. The snub—and that’s what it is: Dean’s been on this side of his brother’s hissy fits often enough to recognize one when he sees one—hurts deep inside where it shouldn’t.

Dean should be glad that Sam isn’t cataloging his every move. He should be overjoyed that his brother isn’t bending him over that couch right now and fucking him (don’t want a whore) hard enough and deep enough that he won’t be able to walk straight tomorrow. Instead, he feels lonely and guilty and shamed.

The place that Dean used to think was the best part of himself—the part that only knows how to love Sam—is all but shouting at him that he needs to toss himself at his brother’s feet and beg for forgiveness. It’s ludicrous and he knows it—Sam fucking raped his soul yesterday: he doesn’t get to take the moral high ground here—but that particular switch is welded in the ‘on’ position. Dean can’t force himself to stop caring about his brother any more than he was able to jump out the window.

No matter how much better it would be for everyone concerned if he could manage either.

Spilled milk, Dean thinks, rubbing at his aching chest with one hand, and then makes his way over to the warped wardrobe.

He picks out the loosest t-shirt he can find and, after looking for his sweats and coming up empty handed, a pair of boxers. They don’t offer a whole lot of protection, but judging from his brother’s mood, that isn’t going to be an issue tonight. Besides, they're more comfortable than any of his other options.

Dean half expects Sam to play dress up with him again (not that one the blue) but the oppressive silence remains unbroken. After a moment of hesitation, he brings the clothes back into the bathroom. He feels kind of like an idiot doing it—he was just hard and naked under the full press of Sam’s eyes: what’s a few seconds of nudity when his brother isn’t even looking at him?—but that doesn’t stop him from relaxing slightly once he’s safely in the bathroom again and there’s a closed door between him and Sam’s anger.

He feels better when he’s finally clothed: not great, but not quite so fragile anymore either. Not so defeated. His stomach rumbles again, insistent, and this time when he emerges from the bathroom it’s in search of food.

There are two pizza boxes on the coffee table next to Sam’s map: one of them open and already half-empty. Dean hesitates for a moment longer—he doesn’t really want to get that close to his brother so soon after their confrontation in the bathroom—but his stomach feels like it’s going to start trying to digest itself any minute now, and the pizza smells really fucking good.

Painfully aware of how nervous he must look, he makes his way over to the coffee table. Sam is busy scribbling something on the map in that incomprehensible scrawl of his, though, and doesn’t look up at Dean’s approach.

As Dean comes to a stop by the table, his brother drops his pen and lifts a slice of pizza from the plate on his knee. Sam takes a bite and then puts the slice back down, fastidiously licking his fingers clean before turning his attention back to the map. His disregard is blatant enough that Dean’s skin actually feels chilled, and he rubs his own fingers together in a vain attempt to warm them.

He wants to be grateful that Sam is ignoring him, but he can’t quite manage it. He’s too used to being the center of his brother’s attention, and the abrupt cold shoulder makes him feel anxious and guilty on the one hand, and absofuckinglutely terrified on the other.

Sam got like this with Dad sometimes, and it never took more than an hour or so for his rage to bubble over into a shouting match that usually ended with a brawl. Sam never quite dared to raise a hand to John Winchester, maybe because he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to stop once he threw the first punch, but Dean was fair game. He ended up with more than his fair share of bruises that final, volatile year before Sam abandoned ship for Stanford.

Just imagining what that kind of explosion will look like now is terrifying, but Dean doesn’t know how to diffuse his brother’s temper before it goes that far: mostly because he doesn’t understand why Sam is so pissed. The red flicker of lightning around his brother’s fingertips—so reminiscent of yesterday’s fury—leaves no doubt to the fact that Sam is on the verge of an epic meltdown, but Dean can’t think of anything that could have pushed him this far. Not unless Sam knows about the incident with the blown-out window.

No, Dean reassures himself before he can start to panic. If he knew, I’d be watching him redecorate the place in blood spatter.

He concentrates and manages to come up with a few things he could say that might cool his brother off a little: ‘I’m sorry,’ for one, and ‘I love you,’ for another. But they wouldn’t be true and Sam would be able to smell the lie on him.

Dean’s pretty sure that lying to Sam right now would only make things worse.

In the end, he takes a couple of slices and retreats without comment. He gets to the middle of the room and pauses, not sure what to do with himself. There weren’t a whole lot of pieces of furniture in here to begin with, and after Sam’s little display yesterday, pretty much everything but the couch and the bed is trashed. And no way in hell is Dean sitting next to his brother. That’d be about as smart as kicking a tiger and then shoving his hand inside its mouth.

Grimacing, he glances toward the bed.

Just two days ago, that was his safe place: his refuge. Now, the sheets are covered with Sam’s scent. Dean looks at the rumpled, bloodstained pillow and remembers pressing his head back into it in an attempt to evade the yellow cloud of the demon’s power. He looks at the twisted sheets and remembers being lost in a haze of lust: remembers Sam’s mouth on him, and Sam’s hands pulling an orgasm from his drugged, over stimulated body. He remembers how good that lesser taking was compared with the later one, which left him contaminated and unclean.

He can’t sit on that mattress and scarf down a couple slices like nothing happened. Actually, now that his violation is fresh in his mind again, Dean isn’t sure that he wants to eat at all. He looks down at the slices of pizza in his hands and his stomach gives a muted, unhappy gurgle.

“Eat the fucking pizza, Dean,” Sam says without turning around. His voice is a whiplash: stinging. The aura of power illuminating the room bleeds from gold to red.

Dean eats both slices standing up.

They taste like ashes.