She Proves It

"Oh wow!" Rick exclaimed when he saw Natasha's outfit - a short white skirt that hugged her hips and showed off her firm slender legs. "What a sexy outfit!"

"I feel sexy," she giggled, and nuzzled him. She brushed her lips on his without pressing in for a kiss. She gauged him right and felt the protrusion from inside his trousers. He put one hand under her skirt and gasped in pleasant surprise when he didn't feel any panties on her.

"Mmmm, nice! I've saved up all week. Let's go have dessert before dinner!" he said as he coated his finger with her scent.

"We just may, but it'll have to wait a while," she giggled. "Sniff me!"

He brought his naughty finger to his nose and inhaled deeply. He felt a pulse of pre-cum squirt from his now hard member. Natasha saw the want in his eyes and giggled again. Just then the doorbell rang.

Rick was puzzled when Natasha let in three of her friends. Vicky was an attractive blonde with long legs. She was accompanied by Jessica, a petite brunette with a contagious smile, and Charlotte, a tall domme-in-training. They all wore short dresses or skirts, which was arousing to Rick. He almost never saw Jessica or Charlotte in anything but pants. He knew something was up.

"Natasha..."

"Take off all your clothes, Rick. Now!" Natasha commanded in her dominatrix voice. When she used that tone, he always knew that whatever it was that she wanted will happen. He looked questioningly at her, and she said, "Yes, in front of my friends! I'll explain what's going on after you undress!"

Most guys are willing to remove their clothes for attractive females, and in this case, there were four of them. One by one, he removed each article of clothing. Natasha said, "Those too," when there was nothing left but his briefs. She took his clothes to the other room and returned with wrist cuffs.

She bound his hands behind him, and noticed that his cock was hardening.

"The girls and I went to lunch a couple of weeks ago," Natasha began. "We were talking about sex stuff as we often do, and none of them believed me when I told them that you eat the pie every time. So I told them I'd prove it - they could see with their own eyes, but they'd all have to let you eat their pussies after we demonstrate. Now you know why I'm not wearing panties."

He was clearly surprised. "You mean I'm going to..."

"Yes. You're going to ejaculate inside me and then, like you always do, clean my pussy with your mouth." She giggled sexily, and her friends squirmed.

She lightly palpated his balls. "You've got a week's worth of cum in there. This will be fun!"

Natasha seated herself opposite her friends, spread her legs and raised her skirt. The scent of arousal was apparent in the room, and not only from Natasha. Rick knelt before her as he had done when he was in self control training. She grasped his firm member and guided it to her pussy.

"In we go," she said. "Now pump slowly - this isn't a speed contest."

He began to thrust slowly. It always amazed him how good it felt when Natasha took him inside her. He loved the feeling of connectedness when he thrust all the way in and paused for a moment, enjoying the sensation of being as far inside her as he could get.

Natasha tried to spread her legs farther apart, and placed her hands behind her head in a submissive asking-for-it position. Rick began to thrust harder, and his breathing deepened. A few more moments of thrusting, and he called out her name. "Natasha!"

"You may ejaculate!" she replied.

A few more thrusts, and he exclaimed, "Aaaaugh! Natasha! Oh! Ahh!" Every woman in the room knew that his ejaculation was intense after a week of abstinence. He kept spurting until he was spent. After a moment she had him pull out.

"Okay, ladies, gather around and watch!"

Her friends eagerly focused their attention on Natasha's furry mound with her creampie welling up at the entrance. Rick swiped his tongue along her slit and scooped a fair amount of Natasha-juice mixed with his own profuse and sticky ejaculate.

Natasha whispered, "Ahhhhh," and contracted her inner muscles a few times to help eject more of the cum. Rick was ready, with his tongue positioned just below her opening. The ladies gasped when they saw a wad of sticky stuff pulse from Natasha's pussy. Rick wasted no time in getting it into his mouth. He swallowed.

"Now get close," Natasha commanded in a sensuous whisper. He planted his mouth on her pussy and excitedly kissed and sucked on it. Natasha immediately moaned and squirmed, and after a couple of obvious gulps from Rick in which he swallowed the mixture of their juices, she climaxed hard. A few minutes later, another climax. And then another. Rick withdrew when he was sure that there was no trace of sperm inside Natasha.

"Oh, that was good!" she panted, and brought her knees together. "Now it's time for you girls to pony up! Vicky, why don't you go first!"

Any shyness that the women felt had been swept away from seeing a male lick and suck his own sperm from Natasha's pussy. Vicky eagerly hiked up her skirt and parted her long legs. As Natasha had guessed, she was not wearing panties.

Rick knelt before Vicky and inhaled her scent, which was a little muskier than Natasha's, and not as sweet. Then he began to lick and kiss the blonde's excited pussy. Vicky responded well to his attentions and admirably crested in only a few moments.

The other two women had Rick lie on the caret and straddled his mouth. He saw them each through two orgasms. Then Vicky wanted more, and did the same. Rick's cock became throbbingly hard from all the oral contact with different pussies. Jessica giggled and said, "You'd better take care of that, Natasha. He looks like he wants more dessert!"

Natasha smiled and her friends left, no doubt entertaining thoughts of how to get their boyfriends to do the same.

Natasha and Rick had a leisurely dinner, during which she teased him mercilessly. "I'm doing this so you'll have more to give me," she giggled.

Late that night, he called out her name several times. Finally, she said, "You may ejaculate." Several minutes later, his cock slipped out, and she whispered, "You may clean me now."

-----
This story is copyright 2010 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
