When I First Realized I Like Exhibitionism 
by only real stories1

And that's when I realized this was for me…

This story and all other stories to follow are 100% true. I try to provide as much detail as I can remember! Please let me know what you think in the comments and if you'd like to hear more!


I had just turned sixteen years old (grade 12) and my parents along with my younger brother went on vacation to Cancun, Mexico for March break. I am one of those girls that dressed quite skimpy and enjoy showing off my assets because I was fully matured by the time I hit sixteen.
As I was packing for the trip I made sure to bring my skimpiest bikinis, shortest shorts and skirts, and my hottest sun dresses even though I was going with my family. That didn't really matter to me because this was vacation time and I wanted to do what I wanted and show off my tight body to everyone there.
I had never literally shown my naked body out in public or anywhere daring before but I did enjoy wearing revealing clothing like low cut shirts and tight-fitting clothes. 
The day had come and we flew out and got to our resort around 2 pm. It was a beautiful place, five gold stars absolutely stunning! Our room wasn't ready yet so we all just changed into our bathing suits and headed down to the beach which was amazing, crystal clear water and a white sandy beach.
I oiled my body up and lay face down to start my tanning as my family went off and got some drinks for themselves. I was so excited to get this week started because I always loved being away in tropical places not caring what people thought of me. Basically a judgment-free place.
As I lay there with my ass on display for anyone walking by to see all I could think of was how many people have glanced down at it as they passed by. It was a small white bikini. The bottoms were really cheeky, showed off my ass well and the top cupped and showed off my 34c boobs perfectly! I never really actually wanted people to see my naked body cause I would be way too embarrassed. I just liked the attention of guys gawking at me and admiring my body at school and wherever else. 
Once my parents and brother came back with their drinks, I decided to get up, grab a pop for myself and take a walk around the resort to go check things out. Walking up off the beach towards the pools on the resort, I was just thinking to myself about how much attention I was gonna get all week from guys and that iI was gonna love every second of it. Especially because I know they would want to see my naked body but they wouldn't get that opportunity. I loved the thought of me teasing them.
There were four big pools with pool bars and I noticed that there are quite a few people who looked like college kids on their spring break and oh my god, these college guys were incredible. As I toured through the resort passing the pools, I noticed I was getting the attention of plenty of those college boys and it seemed like some of the younger girls were catching a glimpse too! I couldn't get enough of that attention, loving it all.
Anyways, I got a good look at the grounds of the place and headed back to the beach and when I got back my parents said the room should be ready so my parents and my brother went back to lobby to move our clothes into our rooms. Me and my brother luckily got our own room so that was nice. 
While they were taking care of that boring stuff, I was getting pretty sweaty from tanning and decided to take a dip in the ocean. As I slowly walked in the water felt so nice against my feet, it was so warm. It was incredible how shallow it was so far out. I was probably a good fifty yards out off the shore and the water was only up to my belly button, but the waves were pretty powerful. I was just standing there taking in the warm water and hot sun when a huge wave came out of nowhere and hit me hard.
I fell underwater and resurfaced quickly. After a few moments, I realized I was standing there in waist-deep water completely naked!! The wave had ripped my little bikini right off of me! I was embarrassed at first because I wasn't sure who could see me and I quickly grabbed my bottoms and top out of the water and got down on my knees so that my boobs were covered up by the water. 
I just sat there for a moment and thought to myself, like wait a minute this actually feels really good and freeing being completely naked out in the ocean. I was kind of getting turned on being naked out in public, with no one knowing about it. So I just relaxed in the ocean naked feeling so turned on! Every so often, I would get a little daring and stand up revealing my soaking wet boobs, my nipples were so hard especially with the wind blowing against them! Ugh, it was so hot, I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. 
For the next what seemed like an hour or so, I just hung out naked in the ocean, and every so often revealing my boobs and eventually moved closer to shore where the water was at about thigh height which revealed my shaved mound! Keeping my bikini tops and bottoms close by for when I had to get out as well.
Throughout this process, I was pretty certain that I saw some people in the water glance over at me! Which meant that this was the first time ever that I had shown my naked sixteen-year-old body out in the open in public. And it all started accidentally which made it even crazier because if that wave hadn't done that, I probably would not have discovered that I enjoy exhibitionism.
After an hour or so I slipped my little bikini back on and walked back to the beach to continue tanning! 
This was my first discovery of exhibitionism, daring exposure, whatever you want to call it, and this was just the beginning to a whole new world that in the last five years or so have experienced quite deeply.