Author: mypenname3000
Title: MILFs Love the Futa Chapter Seven: Futa and the Sultry Housewives 
Summary: Lisa makes her teacher into a lactating HuCow with her new formula!
Keywords: hF FF hFF oral A2M school bodymod lac wife cheat inter

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Lisa Green

Mrs. Hornburg sat impaled on my futa-dick as I lay on her love seat in her living room. She wore a gorgeous and sheer blue nightie that did nothing to hide her lush mounds. I had just filled her pussy with my cum when her husband and her sister had just come home.

I thought we had the house to ourselves? I gasped, staring up at the MILF. You said we could spend the night making love and taking romantic baths. I thought your husband was out of town.

We can still do that, she said. He and my sister will understand. You're a futa!

Why would her husband understand? Maybe her sister if she was a MILF, but the husband?

The door from the garage opened and a tall man with blond hair stepped in. He was a beefy guy with thick forearms. The sort of guy who looked like he worked out or worked construction for a living. One of the two. He could break me.

He turned and gaped at what he saw. Mrs. Hornburg's sister stepped in a moment later. She had sandy-blonde hair in a soccer mom bob. She wore a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, a large purse swinging off her shoulders.

Oh, my god, Clarissa, you would not believe how awful traffic was at the... She trailed off. Oh, my.

Oh, my gosh! I gasped as Mrs. Hornburg slid off my cock. I shuddered as her MILF twat climbed off me. She popped off. A wave of heat rushed through me. This was insane. I couldn't believe that this was happening. That she just rode my dick and now was standing up. I... Oh, my gosh!

Ooh, that sounds rough, said Mrs. Hornburg. Thanks for picking up my sister from the airport, AJ, honey.

She walked up to her husband, threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him on the mouth. I mean, she had been sucking my dick with that mouth not long ago, now she was giving her husband a welcome smooch.

A bead of my white jizz ran down her leg. My eyes bulged at the sight. This was so insane.

I could not believe this was happening. I felt dizzy. I sucked in deep breaths like I would pass out. I was waiting for the outburst. Mrs. Hornburg broke the kiss with her husband while her sister stared at me like I was on the menu.

Oh, yes, she was a MILF. I could see her wedding ring on her finger. She must only be a year or two younger than her sister. I swallowed, waiting for the outburst, but it didn't come. Mrs. Hornburg stepped aside.

So, um, can you sleep on the couch tonight, honey, said Mrs. Hornburg. That's Lisa, and we're going to be making love all night. I mean, she is hung. Look at that big clit-dick she has.

Don't look! I squeaked, so embarrassed to be seen by a guy. I covered my cock wet with the MILF's pussy juices. 

The couch, groaned her husband. That always ruins my back.

Please, please, please, honey, she wheedled. I'll make it up to you. I promise. I'll let you have some anal tomorrow. How does that sound?

Fine, he groaned. I'll sleep down here.

No, no, take the guest bedroom, the sister said. She drifted toward me, her tongue flicking over her lips. Clarissa and I can share a bed with Lisa. How does that sound, AJ?

Oh, that sounds much better, groaned AJ. Damn, you two are going to...

Oh, yes, the new MILF said. We're going to share her.

I suppose, said Mrs. Hornburg. Oh, my, I do have so much of her girl-cum in me.

I have to lick her out! gasped the new MILF. The incestuous lust in her voice made my futa-dick throb. She can fuck me or something as I do it. How does that sound?

You're my sister, Mrs. Hornburg said. But... I suppose. We can share. We're family, after all.

Thank you, purred the newcomer. She turned down to me and leaned over. She kissed me right on the mouth. I groaned as the MILF's lips melted to mine. She cupped my round breast with her right hand while she thrust her tongue into my mouth.

I shuddered, my futa-dick throbbing beneath my hands trying to conceal it. This was so wild. I kissed the newcomer. She was so delicious. She felt so wonderful on my mouth. This was insane, of course, but I couldn't help but love it.

I made out with her as Mrs. Hornburg and her husband talked in the background. This was so wild. I couldn't believe things had turned out this way. My tongue danced with the MILFs. She slid her fingers up and pinched my nipple.

Okay, Andrea, let's take this up to the bedroom. I don't think Lisa's very comfortable with my husband watching.

The MILF broke the kiss. Oh, right, I don't want your husband watching me. Ooh, do you think I should tell my husband about this? He'd probably find it hot.

Yeah, Mr. Hornburg said as he walked by carrying two suitcases, one big and one small. 

What's your last name? I asked the MILF.

Clarkson, she said. Andrea Clarkson.

Well, Mrs. Clarkson, I really, really want to fuck you while you eat out your sister's cunt. I arched my eyebrow at her. How does that sound?

Wonderful, she groaned as I stood up, my futa-dick bobbing before me. Mr. Hornburg was heading up the stairs. Let's get to the bedroom. I want to have some fun. Ooh, I didn't bring any sexy nighties with me. I didn't think I was getting laid at my sister's.

I'm so glad I stopped in for some coffee, Mrs. Hornburg said as she sauntered by in her nightie, more of my cum dribbling down her thighs. 

I groaned and followed after that gorgeous ass barely covered by the nightie and... It was the first time I had seen her back. She had a tattoo on her lower back that I could just make out through the nightie. I grabbed it and lifted it. She had a golden star with All Star written in it.

Wow, you have ink, I said.

Mrs. Hornburg batted down her nightie and blushed as she looked back at me. I was nineteen and that song was a big hit. My husband took me to the band's concert, and, uh, we might have smoked some pot and ended up at a tattoo parlor.

I had no idea what band or song they were talking about. 

Mrs. Clarkson giggled. I thought you were getting that lasered off.

Never found the time, Mrs. Hornburg said, waving her hand and heading up the stairs.

I rushed after, washing the nightie sway around her rump. I could catch glimpses of her furred muff dripping in my cum. My futa-cock bobbed before me, my new boobs bouncing. I still wasn't used to having my C's. 

But they sure were fun.

We reached the top of the stairs and headed down them. Mr. Hornburg emerged from the door at the end and ducked into another room. Mrs. Hornburg went straight down it to what must be the master bedroom. Mrs. Clarkson's suitcase was sitting in the entrance.

This would be so hot. I was fucking a MILF and her sister while her husband was in the guest room. What a wild night this was. I should text my mom that I wouldn't be coming home tonight, but I left my phone downstairs.

I'd get that later.

Once in the room, Mrs. Hornburg settled down on the charcoal sheets with mauve flowers. She spread her legs wide, her bush dripping with cum. Her sister purred in delight as she followed me in. Mrs. Clarkson ripped off her t-shirt. She wore a sports bra.

Traveling in comfort, I said as she closed the door with her foot.

I once flew five hours wearing this sexy bra. I was eager to see my husband. He was working overseas, and I had two weeks to see him. I wanted to be ready to have fun, but... God, after three hours at the airport, I just wanted to rip the damn thing off. She smiled and peeled off her sports bra.

Her big, lush tits fell out. I groaned at the sight of those jiggling mounds. They were wider than her sister's tits, more teardrop shaped. They did look so sexy. Her nipples puckered up hard. She kicked off her shoes as she unsnapped her jeans.

She shoved off her mom jeans and had on a pair of gray panties with a black waistband. Comfortable and cotton. Those came off next. She had a nice sandy-blonde bush on her pubic mound while her pussy lips were shaved bare and dripping.

I have not eaten a creampie since I was in high school, Mrs. Clarkson moaned as she slipped onto the bed. I never thought I'd eat yours, Clarissa.

Right? Clarissa said. AJ and I had a threesome when we were dating. I gave it a try. I mean, the cum was nice, but I wasn't a fan of pussy. Well, not until I tried Lisa's. It had made AJ so hot. He got it up and fucked me as I did it.

She's going to fuck me as I do this, purred Mrs. Clarkson. She leaned over and pressed her face into her sister's bush and started licking.

I groaned at the lesbian incest before me. Mrs. Clarkson wiggled her ass back and forth. Her peachy rump drew my eye. I wanted some anal delight. I moved onto the bed, my cock soaked in her sister's pussy juices. 

This would be so hot.

Mrs. Hornburg shuddered as her sister feasted on her. Devoured my cum out of that incestuous pussy. It made my futa-cock throb as I slid onto the bed. My girl-cock bobbed before me, dripping with cunt cream. I pushed it between Mrs. Clarkson's butt-cheeks.

Oh, my, she groaned as I slid down to her asshole. I don't even care she wants to fuck my ass. I just want her in me.

That's what's so amazing about Lisa, purred Mrs. Hornburg. She's just the sexiest thing in the world. Even my husband gets why I have to fuck her!

Yes, groaned Mrs. Clarkson as I drilled against the MILF's back door.

It was a wonderful delight to push against her anal ring. I loved how she stretched and stretched before me, wanting to widen to swallow my cock. Needing to devour me like she ate my cum out of her sister's cunt. I pushed harder. Her asshole slid over the crown of my dick.

I shuddered as I slid into the anal heaven of the MILF's asshole. The married woman moaned into her sister's forbidden pussy. It was so delicious. Two hot wivessisters!sharing their passion with me. This was wild. I loved it.

I groaned as I slid to the hilt in Mrs. Clarkson's asshole. I had every inch of my dick buried in her bowels. I throbbed in her, my round boob jiggling. My pussy soaked my bush with my excitement as I drew back.

Oh, god, Mrs. Clarkson moaned as her anal sheath gripped my dick.

Right? purred Mrs. Hornburg. She's amazing. Oh, Lisa, fuck my sister hard. Just pound her. Ooh, make her cum!

I will! I groaned and thrust to the hilt in the MILF's hot bowels.

I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked into her with such passion. It was just a treat to have her tight bowels gripping me. Just a fantastic delight to pump in and out of her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust into her again and again.

She moaned, her hot flesh massaging me. She held me tight as I pounded her anal sheath. I buried into her bowels over and over again. I loved how she massaged me. How she gripped me. I groaned toward that mighty burst of pleasure. 

I would have a big climax fucking her asshole. I would just ram into her and cum so hard. It was an outstanding moment. I fucked her with such force. I plowed into her with all my passion, stirring up her asshole.

She groaned into her sister's pussy. The licked and lapped my cum out of that delicious snatch. That was so hot. I loved it so much as I fucked into her bowels. I hammered her anal sheath watching Mrs. Hornburg's boobs jiggling beneath her nightie.

God, Andrea, moaned Mrs. Hornburg. Get that tongue in me. Oh, yes, yes, scoop out all that futa-cum!

There's so much of it. Does she cum more than a man?

More than my husband, whimpered Mrs. Hornburg. Oh, just lick out all of Lisa's futa-cum from my depths. That feels amazing.

Taste's amazing, too! 

Mrs. Clarkson squeezed her asshole around my cock as I fucked away at her bowels. I hammered her, the velvety grip of her sheath swelling me toward that moment of eruption. I would have such a huge burst of cum.

Just explode.

I couldn't wait for that passion to burst through me. To have all that pleasure shooting through my body. I groaned, loving this passion so much. My head tossed from side to side as I savored this ecstasy. 

Oh, that's so good, I groaned as I pumped away at her bowels. I feel it in my ovaries! All the girl-cum I'm going to fire into your asshole!

Yes! whimpered Mrs. Clarkson. She squeezed her bowels down around me. She held me tight as I fucked away at her anal sheath.

I hammered her bowels with hard strokes. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath over and over again. I loved the feel of her asshole clamping down on me. Pussy cream spilled down my thighs, my cunt drinking in the heat.

My ovaries quivered. They brimmed with my futa-spunk. I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast, building and building toward my explosion. I watched Mrs. Hornburg quivering, her big boobs jiggling. 

Oh, my god, Andrea, she moaned, her hand grabbing a fistful of her sister's sandy-blonde hair. Lick my clit. I'm going to cum on you!

Cum! moaned Mrs. Clarkson, her asshole squeezing down on my futa-dick.

Yes! I whimpered, the crown of my dick aching. It was such a rush. I hammered her asshole with hard strokes. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again. Oh, wow, I love that so much. I want to feel your asshole cumming, Mrs. Clarkson!

Keep fucking me! she moaned, her hips wiggling.

I slid my hands up her sides, stroking her silky skin as I fucked her hard. I pounded her asshole as my hands found her big boobs. I squeezed those soft, motherly tits as I buried to the hilt in her bowels. She moaned.

Oh, fuck, gasped Mrs. Hornburg. Yes!

She bucked as she came on her sister's mouth. I loved the sounds that Mrs. Hornburg made as she climaxed. Her head tossed, her brown hair swaying about her face. She shuddered, squeezing her thighs around her sister's head.

She held her tight, holding her to that hot pussy. It was an incredible delight to witness. I loved it as I hammered Mrs. Clarkson, my dick about to erupt. I would spray so much futa-cum into her bowels. The MILF moaned.

Shit! groaned Mrs. Clarkson. Lisa! Honey! Oh, god, yes!

Her asshole writhed around my cock.

I shuddered as I drew back. Her flecks suckled at me. She nursed on my girl-cock with such passion. I shuddered as I drew back my cock. She rippled around me. That felt amazing. I threw back my head, groaning at the pleasure of her hot sheath spasming around me. I groaned at how hot that felt. My entire body quivered in delight.

Oh, wow, I moaned as I buried into her writhing asshole. My cunt convulsed as I came.

My futa-cum spurted into the MILF's asshole.

She gasped as my cum flooded her. I pumped blast after blast of jizz into her snatch. I loved the way she suckled at me. How she nursed with such passion on my dick. It was an incredible rush to have all that passion surging over me.

She's flooding my asshole! gasped Mrs. Clarkson.

Good, whimpered Mrs. Hornburg. Oh, Lisa! Lisa! Flood her asshole!

Both MILFs were gasping and moaning. I groaned, my pussy writhing. Juices spilled hot down my thighs as the waves of delight washed through me. Stars bust across my vision as I savored the dual delights surging through me.

They were amazing delights. Wonderful and intoxicating ones. I loved them both as I shuddered through all the rapture firing from my futa-dick and ecstasy rushing out of my snatch. My body trembled, my round boobs jiggling.

Mrs. Clarkson's asshole milked my cock. She worked out every drop of jizz that I had ready in my ovaries. I unloaded them all, knowing a new load would be ready soon. I trembled, the heat spilling through me.

Oh, yes! I whimpered as I fired a last blast of cum into the MILF's asshole.

It was spectacular to feel. I loved that wonderful passion. My heart pounded in my chest. I felt so good about it. Just so amazing. I panted as I pulled my futa-dick out of the MILF's asshole. I fell onto my back, lying lengthwise across the king-sized bed.

Wow, I groaned.

You're telling me, moaned Mrs. Clarkson.

She turned around, her face smeared in her sister's pussy juices. She bent down and kissed me with those lips flavored by tart juices. I groaned, kissing the MILF with hunger. I had just filled her to the brim with all my cum.

I felt amazing. I wanted to float away. The bed shifted as Mrs. Hornburg must be moving. She grabbed my cock and ducked her head down. She licked my dirty shaft. I quivered at that. It was always a treat to have a MILF clean my dick off.

Clarissa! gasped Mrs. Clarkson, breaking our kiss. That was just in my asshole.

I know, whimpered Mrs. Hornburg. I just have to clean her off. I can't help myself. Your ass tastes so good!

I Should be the one to do that, whimpered the other MILF. She nuzzled in and started licking, too. 

I gasped as they both stroked up my futa-dick, licking at the sides. They were both kneeling to my right, their boobs swaying. I just smiled and let them lap at my dirty cock. They cleaned me with their tongues. It was so naughty.

I shuddered as their tongues rose up to the pinnacle of my cock. They both swabbed over it, their lips meeting. They were kissing each other around the head of my clit-dick. That was so hot. I loved it so much.

I slapped my hand down on Mrs. Clarkson's rump. I squeezed the visiting MILF as she and her sister polished my pole. It was so hot to have them do that. The heat swept through me. It was just an exquisite delight. 

I loved the feel of them swirling their tongues around my girl-cock. They both loved me. My hand kneaded Mrs. Clarkson's ass. My fingers dipped down into her crack. I slid down and down until I found her asshole smeared in my futa-jizz.

I scooped off the treat and brought it to my lips. I sucked the jizz off my fingers. The salty girl-cum held an earthy flavor to it.

Her asshole.

How kinky.

I trembled as I slid my fingers through her butt-crack to gather more of my own jizz. The two MILFs licked their tongues up and down my cock. They bathed my dick in their spittle as they polished me clean. I shuddered, savoring that wicked delight.

Oh, damn, I groaned as they both licked up and down me.

Mmm, purred Mrs. Clarkson as I scooped up more cum that had leaked out of her asshole.

I popped that delight in my mouth as the MILF swallowed my cock. Mrs. Clarkson engulfed my dick in her delicious mouth. I groaned, loving what she did to me. It was a wonderful thrill to have her doing that to me. She suckled on me with passion.

She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She swallowed my big dick with her hot mouth. I loved what she was doing so much. She suckled on me with passion, loving me. She worked up and down me.

Oh, you are such a dirty, dirty slut, moaned Mrs. Hornburg. Just sucking Lisa's dirty dick.

Such a dirty slut, I moaned, my hand falling on the MILF's rump again. She's just sucking my cock clean, isn't she?

Yes, she is, Mrs. Hornburg purred while my digits dipped into her sister's butt-crack.
I found Mrs. Clarkson's asshole. I didn't feel any cum that had leaked out. So I circled her asshole. I stroked around her anal ring, loving the feel of her puckered hole. I teased her as she suckled so hard on my futa-dick.

You just clean her girl-dick, Mrs. Hornburg purred. I need more of that pussy.

She moved between my thighs. As her sister polished my futa-pole, the naughty Mrs. Hornburg buried her face into my cunt. Her lips nuzzled through my curls. She licked at me with hunger. I shuddered as my fingers pushed against her sister's anal ring.

I pushed my digits into Mrs. Clarkson's asshole. I worked them in and out as she bobbed her head. My toes curled, Mrs. Hornburg licking at my cunt. She slid her tongue through my folds, sliding over my hymen.

It was so wild. I pulled my fingers out of Mrs. Clarkson's asshole and popped them in my mouth. I savored the sour flavor of her bowels with just a hint of my jizz on them. I savored that delight as she moaned around my girl-dick.

She suckled hard. 

My ovaries quivered, drinking in the two delights.

Mrs. Hornburg's tongue stroked over my folds and gathered up my pussy cream. Mrs. Clarkson buffed my futa-cock clean. I groaned as I rose toward my climax. My ovaries tightened up as the hot MILFs loved me.

The two sisters loved my pussy and girl-cock. I thrust my fingers back into Mrs. Clarkson's asshole. I worked them in and out as the pressure in my ovaries grew. I came closer and closer to cumming. I rose toward that wonderful passion.

I would just spurt all my cum into her mouth with how hard she suckled. My eyes rolled back in my head. I worked my two digits in and out of her asshole as she nursed on me. It was an amazing delight to enjoy these two MILFs.

Oh, yes, yes, I whimpered. Wow, you two are driving me wild.

Mrs. Clarkson bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my clit-dick. She suckled hard on me while Mrs. Hornburg lapped at my pussy. The twin delights swept through me. My futa-dick throbbed in Mrs. Clarkson's mouth.

I would erupt over and over into her mouth. Just flood her with all that jizz I had in my ovaries. I ached for that wonderful moment. I hurtled closer and closer. I wiggled my fingers about in the MILF's asshole, my face contorting with delight.

Oh, that's it, I whimpered. I'm going to... to... Mrs. Clarkson!

I erupted.

The MILF's asshole clamped down on my fingers as I fired my girl-jizz into her mouth. She gulped it down. My twat convulsed, juices gushing out of my snatch. My futa-cum spurted over and over into Mrs. Clarkson's mouth while Mrs. Hornburg drank my cunt cream.

My legs kicked as the bliss swept through. I savored all that passion as the MILFs drank my jizz and juices. I shuddered, the waves of euphoria gushing out of my cunt and the jolts of ecstasy rushing out of my futa-dick flooded my mind.

I savored every second of this bliss.

Every last moment of cumming so hard.

Oh, you two are awesome, I groaned, spurting a last blast of jizz into the MILF's mouth. Oh, Mrs. Clarkson. I ripped my fingers out of her asshole and popped them into my mouth.

Share that cum with me, whimpered Mrs. Hornburg.

Mrs. Clarkson ripped her mouth off my futa-dick and kissed her sister. I trembled at how hot it was watching them sharing my cum. They passed it back and forth, snowballing it. MILFs were just the best in the world.

I popped my sour fingers out of my mouth and moaned, Mrs. Clarkson, sit on my face. I want to eat your cunt.

Ooh, and I'll just have to ride your big futa-dick, Lisa! Mrs. Hornburg said. 

No choice at all, I said with a smirk.

Mrs. Clarkson giggled as she threw her leg over my head. Her shaved vulva appeared. I could just see the bottom of the triangular patch of pubic hair on her mons. She lowered her tangy snatch to my mouth. Her delicious aroma filled my nose.

The married woman planted her cunt on my nose. I groaned, staring right at the asshole I'd been finger. I licked her cunt. She gasped, her sphincter clenching and relaxing. I licked her again and a bit of my pearly jizz leaked out.

As I lapped at her cunt, I watched the cum dripping down her taint, coming closer and closer to her pussy lips and my tongue. I loved it. As I waited for that wonderful bead of spunk to reach my tongue, Mrs. Hornburg mounted me.

She pressed my cock into her trimmed bush. The naughty MILF rubbed up and down me. It was such a thrill. I loved this so much. I savored that delicious snatch pushing down me. She swallowed my girl-dick with her married twat.

Oh, god, that's good, she moaned. Lisa!

Ooh, she's licking my snatch, purred Mrs. Clarkson as my futa-cum reached my tongue.

The salty flavor of my jizz mixed with her tangy pussy. I loved it as more of my milky futa-spunk leaked out of her asshole and ran down her taint. That was so hot. I feasted on her twat, licking at her with hunger and loving every time my girl-cum reached my tongue.

Mrs. Hornburg squeezed her cunt around my dick. She worked my snatch up and down me. She rode me with such passion. It was an incredible rush to have her snatch working up and down me. I groaned, my face twisting with delight.

Oh, wow that was such a rush, I groaned into that hot MILF's snatch. Oh, that's incredible.

She loves what your cunt is doing to her, groaned Mrs. Clarkson.

And you're loving what her tongue is doing to you, purred Mrs. Hornburg as she worked that hot and tight twat up and down my dick.

She rode me with that juicy cunt. I loved the way she engulfed my futa-dick over and over again. The pleasure washed down my cock and rippled through my cunt. My ovaries drank it that delight. I rose toward such a wonderful orgasm.

I licked at Mrs. Clarkson's twat with feverish delight. I thrust my tongue into her tangy cunt and swirled around as another bead of jizz ran down her taint from her asshole. I stroked her pussy walls, loving how she moaned. Her butt-cheeks clenched and relaxed, her sandy-blonde hair dancing around her shoulders.

She squirmed on me, smearing her hot flesh across my face. I flicked my tongue through her folds, stroking her. My clit-cock throbbed as Mrs. Hornburg rode me faster and faster. Her tits smacked together, the fleshy sounds echoing through her bedroom.

This dick! Mrs. Hornburg moaned as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. Oh, my god, I love your cock!

I love your pussy! I groaned. I love MILF pussy so much!

I tongued the MILF-pussy riding my face. I drank her tangy pussy juices. Another bead of my cum ran down from her taint. I shuddered, savoring that delicious flavor. My ovaries quivered, the pressure in my nuts building and building.

I swirled my tongue through Mrs. Clarkson's pussy lips as her sister plunged her cunt down my cock. It was so hot having her ride me like that. It was fantastic. I quivered as she squeezed her twat around me. 

I rose toward that amazing moment. It was just an excellent delight. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest as my orgasm built and built in me. My tongue thrust into Mrs. Clarkson's depths, swirling around in her.

I loved the taste of her as that hot twat plunged down my dick. She took every inch of me before heading back up to me. I groaned as she squeezed down on me. She massaged me with her hot twat. I hurtled toward that amazing bliss.

I'm going to cum! I groaned.

Good! Mrs. Hornburg moaned. Oh, god, I'm going to explode! Oh, shit, I bet my husband can hear how hard I'm going to cum on this amazing dick!

So hard! her sister groaned.

I suckled on her clit. I nursed on her with passion. I suckled on her bud as my ovaries quivered. Mrs. Hornburg plunged her cunt down my dick. She slid back up me. It was a wild delight to feel that I groaned, loving this passion. The heat swept through me. It was a fascinating heat. A wonderful snatch that rode my cock.

I tongued Mrs. Clarkson's clit. I nibbled on her. I suckled with such passion on her bud. She gasped, her back arching. Her butt-cheeks clenched before me. I loved the sight of how gorgeous her ass was.

Fuck! moaned Mrs. Hornburg as she slammed down my futa-dick. Yes!

Her cunt went wild around my girl-cock. Her pussy suckled at me. It was an amazing rush. I enjoyed every last second of her cunt writhing around me. My ovaries burst beneath the pressure. I squealed around Mrs. Clarkson's clit.

My futa-cum flooded the married woman's writhing cunt.

Her pussy quivered around me. I fired blast after blast of passion into her snatch. My virgin twat writhed, sending waves of delight rushing through me as I bucked on the bed. I moaned around Mrs. Clarkson's bud.

Oh, Lisa, honey! the MILF whimpered, her back arching. Another bead of cum ran out of her asshole and down to my lips. Yes!

Her tangy pussy cream gushed out of her cunt. I gulped down all that wonderful pussy cream. I savored her juices as she bucked on me. Both MILFs were squealing their passion. I had made them cum.

I loved how wonderful it was to make them explode with passion. My futa-dick erupted over and over into Mrs. Hornburg's cunt while I drank down all of Mrs. Clarkson's pussy juices. They both gasped out their pleasure.

It was such a heady rush to fire the last of my cum into that writhing cunt.

I groaned, licking at Mrs. Clarkson's twat as my body melted with all the euphoria simmering through me. Two different passions filled me up. I enjoyed it so much. I savored this ecstasy more than anything.

Wow, I groaned. Oh, wow, that's just amazing.

I trembled on the bed as Mrs. Hornburg slid her pussy off my dick while Mrs. Clarkson rose from my lips. I shuddered as the two MILFs came together. The sisters kissed, sharing their incestuous passion. I loved the sight.

Their big boobs pressed together. Hands kneaded the other's rumps. Their tits pressed tight. I wondered if Mr. Hornburg was jacking off to this lesbian image. I shuddered, my girl-dick aching at the sight of how beautiful they were.

My cum ran out of Mrs. Clarkson's cunt.

Mrs. Hornburg broke the kiss and headed to the door. Honey, can you bring up a bottle of wine.

Sure, dear, he called back.

He's such a sweetie, she purred. We have a Jacuzzi tub. Let's drink wine, soak, and relax before we have round three.

I smiled at how naughty that was. These MILFs were just so wild. My futa-dick throbbed as her husband came up the stairs. He soon was passing through a bottle of wine that he'd opened and three glasses. Mrs. Hornburg poured out the white wine and gave us each a glass.

I sipped at it as we headed to the bathroom. The Jacuzzi tub filled up fast. Some rose oil was added to sweeten the air. We sank into it. I shuddered, my new boobs floating in the water. That was different. I had a MILF on either side of me.

It was so relaxing in the water.

Just so peaceful with them around me. I leaned back and savored this moment. It was amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Many, many hours later, I stared down at Mrs. Hornburg and Mrs. Clarkson cuddled up on the bed, asleep. It was already after midnight, and I realized I hadn't called my mom. I had left my phone downstairs with my clothes.

So I snuck out of the room, my futa-dick dripping with Mrs. Clarkson's pussy. I had fucked them after the bath several times each while they drank more and more of the wine. I had some, too, but I was just having fun.

I came downstairs. I should have realized what the flicking lights and the muted sounds of the TV meant. I gasped when I stepped into the living room to find Mr. Hornburg asleep in his chair, the TV on. It was some John Wayne western.

I moved toward my clothes and found my phone. I pulled it out and turned it on. I left it on silence and winced. There were a dozen messages and phone calls from Mom. I winced and sent her a text message. 

I went home with this sexy MILF. I'm staying the night. Sorry. I'll make love to you very hard tomorrow. Love you.

I added some heart emojis and hit send.

Immediately, my phone rang. She was calling me. I glanced at Mr. Hornburg. I swiped the screen, so aware I was naked. I brought the phone and said, Mom, I'm really sorry I forgot to let you know. I just got sort of... caught up in it.

I'm just glad you're okay, she said. I thought you were having a date with Poppy.

It was just coffee, I said. Okay. I'm going to bed. So I'll talk to you tomorrow. I'll be coming by for clean clothes before school.

Okay, okay, I love you, she said. 

Love you, too, Mom. I smiled. Bye.

I hung up on her. Then I noticed a text from Poppy. Deets!

I sent her a text explaining about the details when I turned around and found Mrs. Hornburg sauntering toward me, her boobs swaying from side to side. She had a big smile on her lips. I squeaked out in fright.

She kissed me and pushed me back on the couch. I groaned, her tongue thrusting down my mouth as her husband snorted awake. I gasped into her lips as he turned over and watched his wife making out with me as she straddled me. 

I wanted to stop her, but she grabbed my cock. She raised me up and brought me to her pussy. She pressed me through her bush as her husband sat up more. He was staring with interest as his wife pushed me against her cunt.

Her twat slid down me.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Mmm, enjoying the show, honey.

Yes, her husband said as the MILF's cunt swallowed every inch of my dick. Wow, you are horny for her. How many times have you fucked her?

I lost count, the MILF moaned, her twat clamping down on me. She's amazing, though. Just a darling futa. I love her girl-dick in me!

My cheeks burned with embarrassment as the guy shoved his hand into his sweatpants. He was stroking his dick as he watched his wife working up and down me. I was cuckolding him, and he was getting off on it.

Which was... exciting.

He pulled out his smaller dick and fisted it as his wife worked up and down my massive futa-cock. I loved her tight snatch riding me. She held me tight, her pussy squeezing about me. Pleasure swept through me. I groaned, my boobs jiggling as her tits bounced before me.

Mrs. Hornburg, I groaned as I watched her tits quivering.

She hugged me to her tits, pressing me between her boobs as her cunt slid down my clit-cock. Oh, Lisa, you're just so delicious. Right, honey.

Yeah, groaned her husband as he jerked off to this.

It was so insane. My pussy clenched, my ovaries quivering with delight as Mrs. Hornburg plunged her cunt down my cock. She squeezed her snatch around me then slid back up me. The silky friction was so fantastic to experience.

My hands gripped her rump as I savored her big, soft tits around my face. I wiggled my head back and forth, reveling in these pillowy mounds. I breathed in the scent of roses. I loved the floral scent as her cunt plunged down my futa-cock.

My pussy drank in the heat melting down my shaft. She felt amazing as she rode me. Just so awesome. I loved this. My fingers dug into her rump. I held her tight as she rode me. she groaned, her cunt slamming down my cock.

Oh, god, I love her cock, honey, Mrs. Hornburg moaned. It's just the best.

Bet it's better than mine, he groaned.

So much better. Bigger. Thicker. Longer. Makes me cum so much harder.

Yes, he breathed and I heard him stroking his dick harder. Of course she does! Ride that big futa-dick. Cum so hard on her, honey!

I will! the MILF gasped as she worked up and down my cock.

This was so insane. It made me think of my plan for Shanice's mom. I had to go to her house tomorrow. I knew the address thanks to my social media sleuthing and checking the local property tax records.

I was positive I had found that bitch's house. I couldn't wait to have her mother gasping on my futa-dick.

Mrs. Hornburg loved my cock. She worked that hot twat up and down me. Her pussy clenched about my shaft, building the pressure at the tip. I moaned into her breasts, loving this passion so much. It felt incredible about my girl-cock. I trembled as she plunged down me. She gripped me. Fucked me. It was such a rush to experience that delight. I quivered here, my heart racing. It was an incredible thrill to have her slamming her cunt down my dick.

It was so passionate. I was in heaven right now. My eyes rolled back in my head as she rode me. She slammed her cunt down my dick. I rubbed my face between her tits, loving every second of her pussy massaging my girl-cock.

Ooh, that's it, whimpered Mrs. Hornburg.

You getting closer to cumming? moaned the husband.

So much closer, honey. Her twat clamped down on me as she slid up. Just working toward that big one!

The MILF plunged all the way down me then slid back up me. I shuddered, savoring the way her juicy cunt massaged me. Her twat gripped me with that wonderful snatch. I loved it. I savored every moment of it. I would be bursting with rapture soon.

My ovaries quivered, full of all the cum I would flood her pussy with. I wanted to fill her cunt to the brim with my cunt. This was such an amazing moment. The heat rippled through my body. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Mrs. Hornburg! I whimpered, the pressure swelling to my ovaries' limits.

That's it, she cooed. Oh, yes, yes, get ready, cutie!

Are you about to cum? her husband asked.

Yes, the MILF moaned, her cunt squeezing about my aching futa-dick as she slid up me. She reached the pinnacle. I am!

She plunged down me.

I'm cumming!

Yes! he grunted.

I heard his cum splashing on his clothes as the MILF's hot pussy went wild around my dick. She convulsed about me. Her twat suckled at me. Her married cunt hungered for my cum. My ovaries quivered as the pressure at the tip of my cock burst.

Mrs. Hornburg! I squealed.

I ripped my head from between her breasts and arched my back. My futa-cum fired out of my girl-dick and splashed her cervix. I quivered with all that ecstasy sweeping through me. It was fantastic to cum in her cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped.

Fuck, breathed Mr. Hornburg. That's so hot!

It is! Mrs. Hornburg's brown hair swept around her shoulders. She's flooding my cunt with all her cum. It's just so awesome!

I trembled through the pleasure. The ecstasy swept out of my cunt and burst from my futa-dick. Stars burned across my vision as the dual delights washed around my mind. I trembled, my round boobs quivering.

The MILF's twat suckled at me. Her hot flesh rippled around my spurting futa-dick. My cunt writhed, too. My juices soaked the couch cushion, a wet spot forming beneath my ass. I trembled as I fired more and more jizz into her.

Oh, Mrs. Hornburg, I whimpered as I flooded her with the last of my cum.

She cupped my face and kissed me, her pussy rippling around my cock. Her husband panted as he watched me. I trembled. This was so wild. I couldn't believe this was what had happened tonight. Today. This was wild.

The MILF broke the kiss and slid her pussy off me. I groaned as she popped off. She took my hand and led me away from the couch, swaying over her shoulder, Night, honey.

Night, dear, he said, panting as his wife took me upstairs to their bed.

What a crazy night. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mmm, you have to see me again, Mrs. Hornburg said. My sister will be in town all week, too.

I promise, I said and gave her a quick kiss. I opened the door of her sports car and stepped out on my driveway, wearing the same thing I had yesterday. My skirt and blouse with my teal bra and panties. Bye.

What the fuck? gasped my sister. Natti stared in shock as the MILF backed away. Did you...? Were you...? And with an older woman?

Yep, I said. I'm into MILFs now. My potion worked. They can't get enough of me.

She flicked her eyes down to my boobs. You have tits!

I do, I said. Now I have to change. I need to get to school.

Yeah, you're going to be late, she said and headed to her car. She shook her head. Out all night with a MILF. Wow. I'm impressed. We have to talk!

Later. I ran to the door and burst inside.

I flew up the stairs. I had to change. I didn't have much time. I reached the top and rushed down toward my bedroom when the door at the end of the hall opened and Mom stood there naked. Her auburn hair fell around her lush face, her big boobs jiggling.

She crooked her finger at me.

I'm going to be late for school, Mom! I said. I have to get changed.

Then you're going to be late for school, young lady, she said. Now you march in here and fuck your mother's cunt hard.

My futa-dick throbbed. Yes, Mom!

What choice did I have? At least she would write me a note. I pulled off my blouse, my boobs bouncing in my teal bra. Mom smiled as I took that off next. My futa-dick throbbed in my special panties. 

I reached Mom and kissed her hard. She melted into me as she pulled me into her room and toward her bed.

To be continued...
