The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Note to reader: This is a continuing story.  Comments to the author are always welcomed and appreciated. PJ



CHAPTER FIVE

       Barbra moped about the house, sulking. Once more she was angry at her brother. She was jealous because she thought he was being selfish. She told herself he wanted things his way, only his way. She felt he didn't really like her even though she was willing to do anything he wanted. She loved Ricky with her whole being, but that did not stop this feeling of jealousy.

	She felt her brother preferred Kelly to her, that he enjoyed fucking her better. Barbra could not understand why he would prefer one cunt over another. To her they were the same. If anything, she considered her pussy to be the better of the two. Those things she had said while John fucked her in the shrubbery had been an attempt to make Ricky jealous. Oh, she had certainly enjoyed fucking John, there was no doubt about that. She enjoyed fucking better than anything else, even school. If it weren't for Ricky, Barbra would seriously have considered being John's steady girlfriend.

	But Barbra didn't want anyone else; she wanted her brother and no one else.

	At six that evening Ricky came home. Barbra was still fuming at him and pouted when he tried to talk to her.

	"What's wrong with you, Barbra?" he asked, genuinely puzzled by her behavior.

	"Nothing," she replied in a childish voice.

	She had bathed after arriving home and was wearing a pair of shorts that revealed the crease of her rounded tight ass, slit up each hip to expose the lace of her panties. She had a red bandana tied over her shapely little tits, and her nipples made two sweet buttons against it.

	Didn't you like it?" he asked her.

	"You did, that's for sure!" she retorted.

	"You fucked John," he said.

	"Because you told me too damn it!" She stamped her small foot. "Only because you told me to fuck him!"

	Since that was true, Rick had no comeback.

	They said hardly another word to each other. When their parents arrived home from work, all Barbra and Rick did was glare across the room at each other. Their parents, seldom paying any attention to their children, didn't notice the cold attitude. Before bedtime, Barbra and Rick were informed that their parents would be getting up earlier the next morning, Saturday and would be gone the weekend. That was fine with Barbra. The way she felt she didn't want them anyone around. She didn't even want Ricky around her. She wanted to be miserable alone.

	In her bed that night, she cried herself to sleep. She didn't understand her brother at all. Here she was, eager and willing to give him everything he could want from a girl and he was blind to it; Boys were dumb, she thought. They were the dumbest things an earth.

	The next morning, Barbra was up early. She prepared breakfast for Ricky, not feeling hungry herself. She moved about the house in her frilly nightie. It was a becoming gown, hanging just below her waist. It had been bought for her two years ago and she had grown since. It did not matter that she wore no panties. Ricky had seen everything she had already. Nothing mattered to her any more. If Ricky preferred Kelly to her then nothing at all mattered.

	By the time she had breakfast ready, he was in the kitchen. She looked at him, his hair tousled, still looking sleepy. For just a moment she almost melted with love for him, but caught herself in time. She was determined to stay mad at him. As he ate, he looked at his sister with interest. She could feel his eyes on her body as she moved about the kitchen, cleaning up her mess. She shivered underneath his eyes and a warm glow came over her but she would not make up.

	After she finished at the sink, she turned and faced her brother. Immediately she saw his cock. He had shoved the waist of his pajamas down and his prick was standing up hard, the head swollen. Her breath caught in her throat and there was a nice sensation between her thighs. She stood at the sink gazing at his prick. Her thighs became weak and she leaned on the sink. Her posture caused her hips to arch forward and since her gown was so short, her scantily haired pussy was fully revealed to Ricky's hot eyes.

	"Gosh, Barbra," he said in a low voice, taking his cock in his hand. "You're pretty!"

	If he had not said anything, she might have given in then, but his voice broke the spell. She stood upright and flounced from the kitchen, shaking her ass at him. "Go stick your hard-on up Kelly's cunt!"

	Barbra made her bed then her brother's. It was a habit of hers and not from a desire to please him now. After that, she went into her parents bedroom and made their bed. Finished with that, she looked around for something else to keep occupied with. Her eyes fell upon some pictures lying on a nightstand Curious, she walked to them and picked them up.

	Barbra gasped.

	There were two pictures, both of them in full color. One was a picture of her father, completely naked. He was lying on the bed and the picture had been taken from the foot of the bed. His cock was very hard and his balls were hairy. She gazed at it for a long time.

	The other picture was of her mother. Her mother was standing at the side of the bed, one foot cocked up on the mattress. She too was naked. Her big tits stood tall and proud, with dark nipples. Her legs were held wide open and she was holding the thick dark hair of her twat away from the pink lips.

	As she was staring at the pictures, Ricky entered the-bedroom. "Whatcha got, Barbra?"

	"Look at this," she said, holding the pictures out to him. Ricky gazed at them, his eyes big. Gosh, look at Mom's tits! They sure are big ones, huh?"

	"I wonder if there are any more pictures of them around here," Barbra said, opening the nightstand and searching. She found a thick packet of pictures. With excitement in her eyes, she sat in the middle of her parents bed and began taking them from the envelope. Ricky crawled onto the bed with her.

	"Look," Barbra said, handing him a picture. "That isn't Daddy with Mom."

	It depicted their mother, again naked, on a bed with some strange man. She was leaning over him and her mouth was stuffed with a hard prick. Almost all of the man's cock was in her mouth, her lips close to his hairy balls She was looking into the camera, her eyes flashing pleasure.

	There were perhaps three dozen pictures of their father and mother fucking and sucking with other men and women, people Barbra and Rick had never seen before. One of the pictures in particular captured Barbra's attention.

	It was her father with another man. There were other pictures of him and some man, doing things at the same time to her mother, but this was not her mother with them. It was a girl not even as old as Barbra. What was amazing was that the little girl was on her hands and knees, her tiny tits almost nonexistent. The strange man was behind her and the camera showed quite plainly that his cock was buried into her tiny asshole. The man at the little girl's face was their father and her mouth was gobbling his cock with obvious enjoyment.

	This same young girl was in another picture, one with two women. One of the women was their mother. What was surprising about this one was their mother was licking this pretty little girl's pussy. Squatting above the little girl's face was the second woman and she looked suspiciously like the little girl. Barbra discovered it was indeed mother and daughter by the writing on the back of the photograph.

	"I've heard about things like this," Barbra said, her voice Quivering with excitement.

	"I have, too," Rick said. "I thought it was just stories people made up."

	Barbra's cunt was wet and hot by this time and Rick's cock was harder than ever. The pictures excited them tremendously. Barbra stared at the one of her father on the bed, his cock very thick and long. "I wonder ... "she said in a soft voice.

	"What?"

	"I wonder if Daddy would ... " she flushed. "Forget it."

	"Look at Mom's cunt," Rick said. "She sure is hairy around her pussy. I bet she's a good fuck'

	"Do you think so?" Barbra asked, not at all jealous over that comment. She peered at the picture of her mother. "I think you might be right. She looks kinda hot to me, too. Ricky ... would you like to fuck Mom?"

	"Yeah!" he grunted, grabbing for his cock. I'd like to put my prick in her twat and fuck her!"

	Barbra giggled. "I bet Mom would love your cook in her snatch!"

	"Would you fuck Dad?"

	Ooooo, I'd love it!" she squealed. "He has a beautiful cock!"

	Barbra's determination to stay mad at her brother had been wiped out by the pictures and discovering that their parents were involved in fucking other people. She looked at. Rick's prick then reached for it.

	I wanna suck it, Ricky," she said in a low voice. "I wanna taste your cock in my mouth!

	Ricky laid back as his sister leaned over him. She ran her tongue up and down his prick as she pulled his pajama bottoms down. With her moist, hungry tongue, she made his throbbing cock glisten Then she went after his balls. She knelt on her knees and licked his balls and prick, making soft mewling sounds in her throat. She felt his hand running up and don her thighs and scooted her ass in his direction.

	As he fondled her creamy ass and felt her wet, pulsating cunt, she closed her lips about his prick and began sucking up and down on it.

	Suddenly she pulled her mouth off his prick. "Turn over, Ricky!"

	Without questioning her, he rolled to his belly. Immediately, Barbra began to smear hot, wet kisses over the tightness of his ass. She ran her tongue into the crack and probed about for his asshole. She found the pucker of his asshole and licked at it furiously, grunting and whimpering, as her passion soared. Her small hands clawed his ass cheeks apart and she peered at her brother's asshole. With a soft cry of delight, she pressed her open lips to it and gave his asshole a suctioning kiss. Again she fluttered her tongue about his tight hole, trying to press the tip into it. Ricky wiggled and gasped in pleasure, arching his ass into her face.

	"Ohhh, Barbra that sure feels nice! Golly, lick my asshole, Barbra! Ohhhh, you can almost make me come by licking my asshole!"

	Barbra slipped her hand underneath him and began to pump on his cock as she licked and sucked his asshole. She knew it felt good to him, but it also felt very, very good to her. Barbra loved everything about her brother's body.

	"Let me, Barbra!" Ricky cried out. "Let me do that to you!"

	Barbra clutched his cock tightly, her lips around his asshole and her tongue licking in a frenzy.

	"Let me lick your asshole, Barbra, Come on I wanna lick your asshole!" Reluctantly, she turned him loose. Ricky rolled to his back and said, "Sit on my face, Barbra. Sit right down on my face and I'll lick your asshole!

	Barbra straddled his face and lowered her crotch to him, facing his throbbing prick. Rick watched his sister's sweet ass come close to his face, the pinkness of her cunt and the tightness of her little asshole making his mind reel. Barbra sat down and gasped in pleasure when she felt her brother's tongue licking from her hairless cunt to the tight pucker of her asshole.

	"Ooooo, Ricky! Lick it for me! Suck my asshole! Ooooo, your tongue is so wet! Suck me.  . suck my cunt... suck my ass  suck all of me!"

	She wiggled her creamy little ass into his face and stared hotly at his throbbing prick. She leaned over and began to pump his cock swiftly, twisting her ass about with intense ecstasy.

	Unable to restrain herself, she leaned over and began to gobble at his cock, spreading her thighs along his head, writhing her pussy on his chin as he probed eagerly at the hole between her ass cheeks. They began to pant and shudder with pleasure. Rick wrapped his hands around his sister's hips and pulled her tight, pretty ass cheeks wide apart to get at her asshole better. Barbra clung to his ass cheeks, her pretty face bobbing up and down on his cock in a desperate, hungry way. Her eyes were wide open, but she couldn't see much. They were filmed over with passion, with the sweetness of the ecstasy of it flowed like lava in her veins. Rick was trying to fuck up into her sucking mouth, but the best he could manage was a twisting, writhing motion. Barbra squirmed and shook her ass into his face, feeling herself boiling into an amazing orgasm.

	Through all the delicious sensations running through her body, she felt her brother's tongue slip into the tight heat of her asshole. He was thrusting it in and out as she swallowed his cock with groaning delight. As his tongue stabbed in and out of her asshole, it triggered the steaming orgasm deep in her belly and Barbra erupted with a long, mind-shattering orgasm. Almost simultaneously, Rick's cock throbbed into a spewing discharge that filled her mouth time and time again with thick, pearl-white cum. Barbra gurgled in ecstasy and swallowed in a gulping way. She drained his prick of jism and ended her own orgasm about the same time.

	She rolled from her brother, panting with effort. She sprawled there, legs wide, shapely tits heaving up and down. Rick lay beside her, one hand high on her thigh, his fingertips near her still-throbbing cunt.

	After a long time, she got up. Standing beside the bed, looking down at her brother, at the pictures that were spread all around, she smiled. Again the love she felt for him burned strongly. "Take a shower, Ricky," she said. "And let's take a walk."

	"What for?" he asked. "I'd rather stay home and fuck."

	"Come on," she pleaded. "We have all weekend to fuck. Besides, I wanna go for a walk. I wanna talk about something with you",

	Ricky took his shower and pulled on a pair of cutoff jeans, the legs frayed. Barbra removed her gown and slipped into a short skirt and blouse, leaving her bra and panties off.

	By noon the day was quite warm. As they strolled toward the park, Rick did not object when Barbra took his hand in hers. Reaching the park, they sat on the grass in the sun for a while. There were not many people in the park, only a few older couples and one or two small children. The playground itself was empty. Barbra got to her feet and pulled her brother up. "Let's sit on the swings," she said.

	Barbra sat in a swing and began to moving slowly back and forth while Ricky sat on the grass before her. He waited for her to talk. He knew she would when she was ready. As she swung, her short skirt would fly up and he found he had an excellent view of her naked ass.

	"Open your legs, Barbra," he said. With a giggle she did and he began gazing at her cute pussy and sweet little ass.

	Finally she slowed and stopped the swing. Getting out of it, she sat next to him. "Ricky, do you think they would do it?"

	"Who would do what?" he asked. "Do you think Mom and Dad would fuck with us?" she asked.

	Ricky peered at his sister. "How would I know that?"

	"Would you really like to fuck Mom?"

      "Yeah!" he grunted. "I'd love to feel her hairy cunt on my cock. I'd like to see what her pussy tastes like, too."

	"I know," she said with a soft giggle. "I was wondering the same thing about Dad's cock."

	"One thing we know," Rick said. "He sure looked as if he liked that little girl sucking him off."

	"I kinda like the one where Mom was sucking the girl's pussy," Barbra said.

	"You do?" be asked, surprised. "Have you ever kissed a cunt before?"

	"Of course not," she replied. "But I'd kiss Mom's cunt if she wanted me to." 

	"Aw, Barbra," Ricky said with a frown. "We're dreaming, that's all. You know they hardly ever say anything to us."

	"I know. And now I think I know why. They're too busy fucking and sucking with other people. They probably think we're just little kids."

	"Well, it would be nice to fuck Mom."

	"Dad's cock is awfully big," she said wistfully. "I wonder if I could get it in my pussy. I'd sure like to give it a try."

	"Get back on the swing," he said suddenly.

	"Okay." She sat in the swing again and watched as her brother went behind her. She expected him to push her, but that wasn't what he had in mind at all. She felt him pull her skirt up in back and she glanced about fearfully.

	"Ricky! Someone will see us!"

	"Who cares?" he replied, pulling at her hips until she was dangling her naked little ass over the swing. She felt his cock probing at her pussy and clung to the chains with both hands.

	"Ooooo, Ricky!" she cooed when his prick slipped into her pussy.

	He held her hips, plunging his cock in and out of her hot twat, fucking her vigorously. Barbra didn't care now if someone did see them. But the nearest people were over a hundred yards away and besides, it was exciting to her to be fucked in the daylight in the middle of the park.

	"Nice and tight!" he grunted behind her. "You sure have a hot, tight cunt, Barbra!"

	"I love your big cock, Ricky!" she replied with feeling. "Oooo, I love it so much! Fuck me, Ricky! Fuck my hot tight cunt! Golly, I love your cock to pieces! Fuck it, Ricky! Fuck that wet, hot pussy!"

	"Yeah! Yeah!" he grunted, banging his prick into her cunt. His cutoffs were rough against her naked ass, but Barbra loved even that. She didn't mind if he brushed her smooth ass cheeks, bruised her tender, hot pussy. As long as he fucked her and not Kelly, Ricky could do any fucking thing he wanted with her body.

	"You're gonna make me come this way!" Barbra squealed excitedly. "Ohhh, you'll make me come, Ricky! Ooooo, fucking in the open! I'm gonna come like crazy!"

	"Me, too!"

	He pumped furiously into his sister's pussy grunting as he held her hips back. Barbra sensed her brother's impending discharge and she gurgled with ecstasy, anticipating the spurting flow of his cum up her cunt. Her clit was throbbing crazily and the lips of her hot pussy clutched at his prick with delighted desperation. "Oohhhh, there!" she yelped, her small body shuddering as she exploded. "I'm coming, Ricky! Ooooo, I'm coming so much!  Hurry... hurry and come in my pussy! I want you to come while I come! Hurry oh, please, hurry!"

	She heard a loud grunt from him then her pussy was flooded with thick cum. She was sure she could feel his jism splashing about in her cunt and it sent her mind reeling dizzily. She made soft mewling sounds, sounds that grew as the intensity of her pleasure bubbled hotly in her sweet, young body.

	Finally Rick let her go and slumped to the grass weakly behind her. As he let her go, the swing began to move gently back and faith. Barbra clung to the chains to keep from falling out. She rested her cheek on her hand, her eyes closed as her body glowed deliciously. 

	After a while they started home, walking slowly, still a bit tired. They held hands like lovers and glanced at one another often. They did not need words to explain what they felt.

	When they arrived home, they turned and embraced as soon as the door was shut--two small teenagers who felt something both frightening and very good. They were growing in mind, growing sexually, but they were still two very young teenagers, with a great deal to learn. 


To Be Continued

