It's not your regular traveling circus, not really. The Cirq has it's own flavor that it leaves on the tip of your tongue. The flavor is almost leaning towards insanity, but it tastes so good when you roll it around in your mouth that most people don't notice it. It's kind of like New Orleans where the essence of the swamps and voodoo is almost tangible on your taste buds, but not quite.

The Cirq is a home for the misfits, you know those people that 'normal god fearing society' shun for being a little different. Yeah you know the ones I'm talking about. The ones you cast your eyes away from when you walk down the street, but stare brazenly at when The Cirq comes to town. It's okay they know how it is by now, and whether you accept them or not, they accept one another.

The main attractions to the show are The Swamp Thing, The Perfect Storm, and The Angel Child. Each cast away by parents they would never know, and brought home to be raised by the Parson family. They'd been running The Cirq for five hundred years, and when I say running I don't me their family linage, I mean the same couple. Longineu and his lovely wife Joan had been caring for the unwanted for centuries. Vampires they are. Yeah the bloodsucking kind, but they honestly wouldn't hurt a fly, at least since blood banks and slaughterhouses had been keeping them up to their elbows in meals. For that they were thankful, now able to spend more time raising and protecting society's rejects, while raising money through The Cirq for research on what caused the various flavor of freaks that were a part of their show. It was the one place where the word freak wasn't a dirty word. In fact, their differences were celebrated and their talents were honed in every single way their adoptive parents could provide. It is really the perfect place to be.

But now that you all know the back-story of the place, I think it's time to introduce you all to the performers. Though I warn you this is far from a fairytale so hide your children and beware of the dark my dears, because every myth that has ever been told is rooted in fact somewhere.

The Angel Child is beautiful; he's a poster of perfection with his pixie-like face, upturned nose, and a fringe that has been carefully sculpted to cover one eye. The curious eye that catches your gaze is the color of warm hazelnut coffee, and the gaze feels just as delicious. Perhaps you can guess his interesting feature. Yes that's right, the beautiful child carries large white wings on his back. Unfurled they are nearly as wide as the boy is tall, but I guess that isn't really saying much considering his stature. However it is a very impressive sight to behold, and was even more so when this gorgeous creature was but a tiny babe. Through the years he's learned to control his wings, and can carefully hide them beneath his clothes if necessary. They fold intricately to hug his back with the bottom folds running down each of his legs to the knee. The only times these days he has trouble controlling them is around The Perfect Storm, but we'll touch on that a little later my darlings. From this point forward you will only hear The Angel Child called by his given name, Tommy, Thomas actually but no one gets by with calling him that, no one but Joan.

The Swamp Thing I'm sure injects image into some of your minds of the early nineties television series, but erase it now because he's not like that at all. Sure maybe he's a little on the scaly side but really it's not that different to normal skin. Except where we shed skin cells, he actually sheds his skin, kinda like a snake. Okay really a lot like a snake, but it's an interesting and beautiful process to watch. Not to mention that when he's freshly shed his skin is smooth, and looks almost iridescent in the sunlight. The green scales turn into millions of shimmering little reflectors, and yeah I guess it's kind of like Twilight, only green. Even for being green he's a gorgeous specimen of a man, and one look in his dark brown eyes will tell you how intelligent he is. Always thinking, working out things in his head, and his object of pondering as of late has been The Perfect Storm. Yeah I know what you're thinking, this is about to get interesting, and it is. So on and so forth you will only know of The Swamp Thing as Kristopher, Kris for short, as he ignores most anyone who uses his full name.

Of the main trio The Perfect Storm was the first to be brought into The Cirq. He's the oldest of the bunch and also the most illusive. As an infant he lifted his mother as she leaned over his bassinet in the nursery. That was how he came to live with the vampires and by the time the others came into the family he became somewhat of a mentor to them. At the age of five he welcomed them into the fold, and as they got older, he helped them explore their differences. So far as anyone's seen The Perfect Storm has no physical imperfections; his eyes are the color of the sea rimmed in kohl, his dark hair usually looks ruffled, and he's tall. More than a head taller than the other two-thirds of the trio, but he is quiet and kind. He only appears in the show to do his act, and then he's right back to his tent. He's shy, but his strength is something that makes him unusual. During each show he comes out and lifts a bleacher full of people above his head as they squeal and cheer, and then he is gone. The strength of a raging storm and the illusive nature of lightning is the reason he was called The Perfect Storm. To the others of the trio though he is just Adam; their friend, confidant, and soon to be lover. 
Yes you heard right, both our boys are pining for Adam like the flowers pine for the sun after a spring rain. They reach out to him, but as willing as he is to listen to them and offer advice, he never really speaks of his own life or problems. Though they will both find out in due time just what Adam is hiding.

So that my friends, is the back-story you need to know and from here on out the story is theirs to tell. Hold on tight. It's gonna be a long ride.
…
The sounds of soft, pained moans woke Adam. He wasn't sure the direction they were coming from, but he threw himself from his cot and out of his tent to investigate. The night was dark, one of the few nights he'd seen where you couldn't really see two feet in front of your face, so he followed the sounds through the campground. He didn't know where exactly in the country they were at the moment, but the tents were always laid out the same, and the pitiful whines and whimpers led him to what he knew was Kris's tent. A small frown splayed on his face as concern for the smaller man washed over him.

"Kris," he called softly and when he received no answer he ducked into the tent and looked around. Everything was highlighted by the soft glow of a lamplight. "Kristopher?" he called slightly louder this time. A quivering whine from the darkened corner of the tent caught his attention. Adam hurried over to the tiny, trembling nude body and picked Kris up, holding him carefully as he carried him over to the cot and gently arranged him on it. It wasn't the first time this had happened through the years and Adam knew what to do, but it never cut down the alarm he felt when he awoke from a dead sleep to these sounds.

"Adam, Adam it hurts," Kris moaned softly as his fingers clutched Adam's arms tightly. "Shh, it's okay, I'm here," Adam returned, his own fingers grasping the tightened skin on Kris' chest, helping him to slither out of the skin that had been holding him prisoner for hours. It was rare, but sometimes when the shedding started, somewhere along the way Kris' body would realize he was at least partially human and his body would attempt to knit the skin back to his body. It would squeeze tightly and cause Kris large amounts of pain, but he was unable to finish the shed on his own. The discomfort paralyzed his body until some kind soul rescued him. Adam always rescued him and peeled him from his prison. It was just like peeling a banana.

Adam pulled the last of it from his feet and held it up to the light. It looked like a latex green body suit, and he carefully laid it beside the cot. Adam pulled Kris into his embrace and silently rocked him as Kris shook like a leaf in a hailstorm. Adam idly brushed his hands over the newly exposed skin, which seemed to calm Kris. Kris leaned into Adam's touch, and this time he moaned for a different reason.

"So sensitive," Kris whispered and shuddered in Adam's embrace. "It's like you're touching me everywhere at once." Adam's eyes widened in realization, Kris's words shooting straight to his dick, and he quickly shifted the younger man from his lap. "Kris I uhh, I gotta go." Adam scurried from Kris' tent like an injured animal, nearly pummeling over Tommy in the process.

"Sorry man," he threw over his shoulder as he disappeared into the night.
…
Tommy walked into the tent, shaking his head at Adam's interesting behavior. "So what spooked Adam?" Tommy asked, not surprised to see his rather reptilian friend nude on the cot.

"He helped me shed, and he… he was touching me. He was trying to settle me afterward because I was trembling, and well you know fresh skin has interesting reactions to touch." Kris shyly looked up at Tommy and patted the cot beside him.

Tommy sat and ran a comforting hand over Kris' shimmering back. He loved the way the shorter man's skin felt underneath his fingertips when it was new, almost as much as he loved the man himself. Tommy smiled as Kris shuddered under his touch and leaned in to press their lips together. The kiss was soft, sweet, and tender, but so very demanding, Kris' tongue holding Tommy's hostage. Tommy had discovered the interesting points in being with someone with a long, forked tongue and he shivered as that tongue did things to his own that made him wild with want.

Hesitantly he pulled away, just long enough to slither out of his own clothing so that his wings could expand with a swish of air. He used them as he used his arms to embrace Kris and their kissing began anew with a feverish intensity. With each brush of his fingers over Kris' skin Tommy was rewarded with eager little moans in his mouth, but he wasn't prepared when Kris snuck a hand to his wings. The kiss broke as Tommy flung his head back in pleasure, Kris's fingers carding through the feathers, knowing exactly what would drive Tommy to the brink of insanity.

Each knew full well what would drive the other crazy, and so with each touch they quickly found their way to Nirvana. Both moaned and panted into one another's mouths and when their bodies finally calmed, they found themselves tangled together, green shimmering scales a sharp and beautiful contrast against the hug of Tommy's ethereal embrace.
…
Adam panted, closing his eyes when he finally found himself in his own tent again. Every nerve in his body felt on edge and he was pretty sure that as soon as he managed to wrap his hand around his cock he'd be a goner. The sticky night air left a sheen of sweat on his body that glowed in the lamplight and he wanted to crawl out of his tacky skin with the anticipation he felt. No longer able to take the heat, he grabbed a lamp strolled out into the darkness once more.

The sounds of gurgling water drifted to his ears and he followed the sweet siren sound until he found himself on the bank of a river. Adam carefully placed the lamp onto a level piece of ground as close to the water as he dared and stripped his clothing. A warm breeze brushed his skin and he sighed in delight, one foot dipping cautiously into the black swirling Heaven. He tested carefully, stepping further into the current and found a delicious spot not too far from the bank. The cool water licked at his heated flesh and was just deep enough that he could sit on the bottom with his head exposed. Sweet relief spread throughout his body as he wrapped his tail firmly around his aching length, stroking short and quick until his cry of completion spread through the night. When his body relaxed he held onto a large rock that sat within his reach and let himself float with the currents.

Adam swished his tail through the water, stretching and flexing it. There were few times when he could be like this. The only people who knew of his tail were Longineu and Joan. They left it up to him if he wanted to tell the others, and he just never found the time, so he spent his days with his dirty little secret wrapped around his left leg.

His drifting body reminded him of being a child and playing Poohsticks with his family. Ironically he'd never seen the show that the game originated from, but he felt happy remembering those times.
…
It had been several days and a few towns since the incident in Kris' tent and Adam slowly began to relax. They'd had a long day and the crowd at The Cirq had been particularly rowdy so everyone around him looked tense as they muddled around the grounds.

He'd found refuge and serenity in the space of his own tent, no longer able to handle the nervous energy that was nearly tangible on the outside, but it wasn't long before he was discovered.

The tiny man walked into his tent, one eye staring Adam in the face and the other shaded with dark hair. Adam could tell from his stance how tense the smaller man was feeling and so he beckoned him over with a crooked finger.

"S'matter angel, baby?" Adam asked as the younger man sat beside him.

Tommy said nothing, just pulled the shirt over his head and turned his back to Adam. Adam sighed, the tenseness in Tommy's back causing the muscles to look knotted around the base of his wings. The wings themselves were drawn up closer tonight than Adam had even seen them and yet he still wasn't sure what about this show had gotten to everyone.

With a tender hand Adam reached up to brush the skin between the wings, his fingers pressing into the muscles and knots, which slowly loosened under his attentive fingertips. Adam listened to the moans and encouragements, and was mighty pleased with himself when Tommy's wings began to descend to their full span. The relief on Tommy's face was apparent as he let out a slow breath, his wings fluttering softly.

"Thank you Adam," he sighed, "not sure what is with this place, but it's got everyone acting a little funny."

"No problem, gotta admit I was feeling it to until you came in." Adam pulled his hand away and Tommy turned to face him. Adam gasped as the air between them suddenly seemed to heat tenfold with Tommy holding his gaze. For a moment he got lost in it, and when he blinked he felt soft hesitant lips pressed against his own. It felt almost dreamlike as he gave into those lips, parting his own in invitation. Their tongues tangled and the flavor of Tommy seeped into his mouth. He tasted slightly of whiskey, and Adam was pretty sure that flavor shouldn't have been nearly so delicious on someone else's lips when he could barely take a sip of the stuff. Adam's hands roamed Tommy's tiny frame and he surprised himself when his hand was drawn to Tommy's bulging erection.

Tommy gasped and pulled away, dark lashes fanning his cheeks, and Adam was lost when Tommy brushed back the fringe that normally covered his other eye. It was a curious thing, but Adam had never thought much of it. He'd never actually seen this side of Tommy's face. It was just as perfect as the rest of Tommy, and when Tommy opened his eyes Adam was shocked to see that his other eye was almost clear crystal tinged with blue.

"This is my dirty little secret," Tommy whispered softly. "A voodoo priestess came to The Cirq when we were children. She told me I had 'the sight' and I would be able to see the future when I was older and it finally happened. I saw us, the three of us…we were together, and happy. You have to believe what I'm about to tell you though. The vision said that you have to accept yourself… everything about you is as it should be. When you learn to love yourself, we will change the course of our lives, for the better." With that Tommy kissed him once more, and Adam tasted the passion and truth of his words.

"Does Kris know you've seen this? Do you know what I'm hiding? Changing the course of our lives for the better, what does that even mean?" The words poured from Adam's lips.

Tommy sighed as he collected his answers carefully in his head to each question, not wanting to spook Adam. "Yes Kris knows, we're just waiting for you. No the vision didn't show me what you were hiding. I figure it's because you're supposed to come to us yourself. Trust me when I say the vision is beautiful and it means we will never be alone again. Adam, I see it in your eyes when I look at you…it's like you're haunted. Even when you smile it never quite reaches your eyes and through this, what I saw, the winds of change are coming if you will let them. In the vision your smile was so bright it could outshine the sun, but you just have to trust me. Whatever it is you're hiding can't be as bad as you think. I mean just look at Kris and I. If anyone in the world is going to be accepting of what makes you different it's us." With that Tommy stroked a gentle hand down Adam's cheek and then turned on his heels and walked out into the darkness.

Adam's mind muddled over Tommy's words. Accepting himself would not be an easy task and he knew it.

"How do you accept yourself when you haven't even admitted to the people that love you what you really are?" Adam muttered to himself and shook his head. When he lay down to sleep his dreams were restless and filled with visions of rejection and humility.
…
The next several days were very uncomfortable as Adam wrestled with himself. While putting on his makeup before performances, he watched his tail in the mirror. He'd never really thought much about how it looked until then because it was usually hidden away, but when he really took it in, it wasn't all that bad. He plopped the eyeliner onto the table and his tail drifted into his hands so that he could really observe it. He'd used it several times over the years for 'look ma no hands' masturbation, but even then he'd never thought much of it.

Between his fingers it was sleek and per his mental command it wrapped gently around his hand. It was soft and reminded him of a monkey's in the way it moved, but instead of proper hair it was covered in a short layer of what he thought of as peach fuzz. Very velvety to the touch, but it never shed the way the rest of his body hair did, not that he had much of that these days anyway.

Somewhere deep in his heart Adam felt the knots of shame loosen a fraction and that night during the show, he was more at ease than anytime in recent memory.
…
Each night before the show Adam kept up his routine, slowly learning to appreciate the uniqueness of his special little friend. With each session in front of the mirror, the ties that bind him seemed to loosen bit by bit until he can actually enjoy the accompaniment of his tail in the mirror. It was special, and it was his. Although it took many nights for this discovery to grab hold, Adam was satisfied with his progress.

That night after the show his heart fluttered like a hummingbird's in his chest and he knew it was time. Time to come clean to the two most important people in his life. The guys that were there for him through everything, and the ones he would probably have been intimate with years before if not for his tail induced shame.

Adam walked the grounds searching for the duo, a nervous bounce to his step. They weren't in Kris' tent, and he hadn't seen either of them out socializing so he presumed they were probably in Tommy's. It'd been a long time since he'd actually been to Tommy's tent. If he really thought about it hard enough, the last time was probably about six months back when they'd made a stop in New Orleans. A horrible storm had come through and Adam knew Tommy was terrified of them so he'd dutifully made his way through the pouring rain to Tommy's tent. He'd stayed that night with Tommy a shivering mess in his arms. The thought makes him regret the fact he'd not had the courage to come clean with his little secret back then. He wouldn't have spent the whole night sleeping in his jeans even after Tommy's several attempts to get into his pants. Adam shook the thoughts from his head and when he finally looked up, he was mere feet from Tommy's tent.

He opened his mouth to speak but before anything could come out, he heard soft moans coming from the tent. He walked closer, straining his ears.

"Tommy, Tommy, oh fuck." The soft encouraging voice he recognized was Kris'. Curiosity would be the death of him he was sure of it, but he couldn't resist peaking inside. He gasped at the sight as a shot of pure arousal hit him so hard he stumbled back.

With gazes dark and lust filled, the pair looked back at him for a moment before Tommy began to consume Kris's mouth again. They were both nude and unconcerned with the fact that Adam was standing there. Kris was perched happily in Tommy's lap and as their lips and tongues tangled once more, Adam cleared his throat.

They were unreceptive to his attempts to get their attention so he tried again, "Umm guys, yeah I think I'm ready to come clean now." With that two pairs of eyes locked on his expectantly.
"So I umm… I'm not really sure how I should tell you guys this… and I should have said something years ago, but uhh…" Adam rambled.

"Come on Adam, out with it," Tommy said, his voice gentle. "We aren't here to judge."

"Umm how about I just show you?" Adam's voice was low and barely audible.

"Show us then," Kris chimed in, his eyes darting to Tommy's for a moment before settling back to watch Adam.

Adam slowly tugged his shirt off, his hands trembling with nerves or anticipation, maybe both. He took a deep breath as his fingers fumbled with the button on his jeans and when the zip slid down smoothly between his fingertips he knew this was it. All that was underneath was skin and he let the jeans drop to a puddle at his feet. He stepped out of the clothes with eyes cast downward, and suddenly the chipped polish on his nails was the most fascinating thing in the world. Adam waited.

Silence met his ears as his tail crept from around his leg to its full height behind his back. The sounds of shifting bodies met his ears, and then soft footfalls until green and porcelain white toes came into vision close to his own. Hesitant hands brushed his skin, gentle as if they were afraid he might run. Truth be told the thought had crossed his mind, but he was tired of hiding.

"Can I touch it?" Tommy's voice was curious and not at all condemning.

He raised his head to meet Tommy's gaze and was surprised to see the fringe brushed from his face and tucked behind his ear. The smaller boy blinked up at Adam with a sweet smile, the color difference in his eyes startling, but beautiful all the same. "S-sure," Adam stuttered.
Tommy moved behind him and soft feathers brushed his arm as Tommy's fingers wrapped around his tail. He stroked it softly several times and Adam was surprised at how good it felt. Kris, on the other hand was more intrigued by Adam's body and its reaction to Tommy's touch. He watched hungrily as Adam's length climbed to full attention. Kris' eyes were sinful and when he dropped to his knees in front of Adam, he could barely restrain himself from devouring Adam.

Adam whimpered when Kris' tongue slithered from between emerald lips to lick and curl around his shaft. He effectively lassoed Adam's cock, using his tongue to draw Adam's hard length into his mouth.

This wasn't exactly what Adam expected to happen when he revealed his secret, but hey, he went with it, curling his fingers in Kris's hair. Tommy's wings fluttered against Adam's back, and it wasn't until he felt the hard press of Tommy's dick against his hip that he realized it was a tremble of arousal that had pulsed through the sensitive feathers.

Adam moved Tommy into reach with his tail and pulled him in for a kiss. He moaned softly into Tommy's lips as Kris' mouth brought him to the edge way quicker than he expected.

"S-stop, stop!" Adam breathed harshly as he gripped Kris's shoulder with one hand. Kris released him just before he was sure he would loose it and he shuddered as Kris looked up at him innocently, skin shimmering slightly in the warm light. Both men froze in place waiting, it appeared, for Adam's instruction.

"Lay out a pallet of blankets," he instructed after a few moments and watched as they both hurried through the tent to gather up several thick down comforters. This would be better than he expected because when they were finished laying them out, it almost looked liked they had their very own king sized featherbed. "Lube, condoms," Adam said as an afterthought, and when those too had been collected, he appraised each of the men in front of him.

"Tommy, I want you to lie flat on your back, knees bent so I can settle in between them. Kris, I want you to suck his cock after I get him ready for me so if you want, go ahead and kneel down beside him." With his words they both moved into the desired positions and waited.

Adam knelt in between Tommy's legs, grabbing the lube in one hand and popping the cap. "I'm going to presume you've done this before," Adam said as he looked into Tommy's heavy-lidded eyes. Tommy nodded and then a curious look passed over his face, "have you?" Tommy returned.

"A few men over the years have caught my interest…quick, dirty meaningless fucks with my jeans on." Adam sighed at the memories before letting the cool, slick substance coat his fingertips. One finger slipped easily into Tommy and Adam was entranced not only by the look on his face, but also by his wings, which were still spread. With Tommy's obvious pleasure the wings vibrated slightly and again Adam's curiosity got the best of him. He added a second finger, brushing against the heated bundle of nerves that he knew would make Tommy tremble, and with the other hand he stroked the feathers in his reach. Tommy's eyes flew open in surprise and he gasped. Hmm, now isn't that interesting? Adam never knew the smaller man's wings could be a source of pleasure and when he looked down into Kris' eyes, Adam realized he must've been the last one to get the memo. Kris just smiled up at him in approval.

When Tommy was loose and pliant, Adam removed his fingers and rolled on the condom. With a wicked smile he looked down at Kris and grabbed the lube once more. After whipping his tail into his hands, Adam quickly coated the tip in the slick substance before lubing his cock and positioning it at Tommy's entrance.

"Suck him," Adam commanded to Kris. Kris, who'd been sitting on his knees, bent forward to draw Tommy's length into his mouth and it was then that Adam thrust forward into Tommy, pleased by how welcoming his body was as he sunk to the hilt in one smooth motion. Kris was distracted for the moment, his lips wrapped around Tommy, and as Adam stilled inside Tommy his tail swung around experimentally. When it brushed Kris' skin he moaned around Tommy and Tommy's muscles clenched in response causing Adam to groan. "Shh, it's okay," he assured them both as his tail slipped between Kris' cheeks. With several little pokes and prods his tail was able to slip into Kris, and Adam closed his eyes focusing himself as he set a rhythm, his hips and tail thrust in time with one another so that the sounds permeating the air seemed to come at the same intervals. When he opened his eyes Tommy's face was flushed in pleasure, his eyes but tiny slits and Tommy reached his hand out and wrapped it around Kris' straining dick. Kris grabbed for purchase, his fingers griping Tommy's wing.

It was indeed like the pieces of one very complicated puzzle coming together, the three of them moving in perfect time with one another as sweet sounds of pleasure filled the air. This was the way it was destined to be and when they all came it was together. A tangle of arms, legs, and bodies followed as they fell into a sweaty, messy heap.

"Come on guys," came Adam's sleepy voice, "we need to get cleaned up." Begrudgingly the younger men rose to their feet and the nude trio made their way quietly through the campgrounds. A gurgling stream passed nearby and together they washed the sweat and seed from their bodies. In the light of the full moon they floated through the water, the current just strong enough to make them float without carrying them away. They linked hands together in the water, Adam in the middle, and for the first time in forever everything was perfect.

"Hey this is kinda like Poohsticks," Kris' laughter filled the night.

"Mmmhmm," Tommy murmured.

"This is kinda like forever," Adam whispered into the darkness with a smile and was rewarded by the sweet sounds of agreement from his lovers' lips.