TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright August 2000 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content (M+/F, MF, Impreg, Humor)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

AUTHOR'S NOTE OF THANKS:  This story was inspired by a 
Couple's idea.  My thanks to both of them.

Story Title: Cuckold Traveler
Author:  C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: A newlywed husband returns to his hometown due to 
a job relocation.  He travels extensively because of his 
work.  While he's traveling, he's grateful that four of his 
old and closest high school buddies volunteer to look after 
his new house and new wife.  However, the newlywed husband 
is a bit dismayed at how accident-prone his buddies are as 
they do him this favor. 

CAST:
Carl - Husband
Cindy - Wife
Husband's Buddies:
-Al
-Bill
-Chuck
-Dave


	My name is Carl and this is my story about my 
relationship with my four closest buddies from high school.

They really are great guys and are willing to do 
almost anything for me and I for them.  In high school we 
were called the five musketeers.  However, they have become 
closer to me and my wife and our kids due to a lot of 
unforeseen circumstances over the years.  As my story 
unfolds, you'll see why.

	I went away to college and left my buddies Al, Bill, 
Chuck and Dave in our hometown where they managed to make 
respectable careers.

	We kept in touch and after graduating from the State 
University, I got a job and got married to Cindy.

	Cindy was not what some might say is a raving beauty, 
but she was a knockout to me and a solid "8" by any other 
standards.

	I did good to marry such a pretty girl as Cindy, as I 
was never lucky with girls.  Even back in high school, my 
good buddies teased me about my lack of luck with girls and 
my lack of being well endowed enough to please them if I 
was lucky enough to get to first base.

My buddies, all well endowed, had no trouble seducing 
the girls and delivering the bacon to them, as they use to 
say.  They were responsible for getting me a date with one 
of the high school tramps, my first attempt at sex.  The 
other was on my own in college.

	So when I met Cindy, she and I just naturally sort of 
hit it off, first as friends and then lovers.  She told me 
I had a certain quality that she liked.  She said it was a 
sort of sweet combination of naiveness and innocence.

	She wasn't a virgin, but for all practical purposes I 
was.  The two incidents where I'd try to have intercourse 
with my dates failed miserably.  Too nervous to get an 
erection one time and the other time, premature 
ejaculation.

	
	Cindy admitted early in our relationship she was no 
virgin.  After we started having sex, she quickly pointed 
out she'd been with guys who were much more endowed than 
me, but said that love was more important than a big cock.  
She showed and encouraged me how to use oral sex on her to 
make up for what my little prick couldn't do.  She caused 
me to swell with pride when she told me that I was a quick 
learner and that she was proud at how well she'd trained me 
to be an excellent pussy sucker for her.

	We got married and I was the happiest man in the world 
to have her as my wife.

	We both had decent jobs and decided to put off kids 
for a few years.

	A year years later, the company I was working for 
moved back to my hometown, but due to a promotion I got in 
the process, I had to travel almost every week.

	I was glad to be back in the hometown with my family 
and my old buddies.  They hadn't seen my wife before and 
were surprised at how pretty she was.

	They came over often to see if we were getting settled 
into our new house and in the community.  The guys were 
really great.  They were always stopping by the house to 
see if there were things that needed to be done and were 
very helpful with all the hassles of relocation into a new 
community.

	Because of the move, Cindy hadn't found another job 
yet and was at home quite a bit while I was working during 
the day.  She let me know that she thought the guys were 
really nice.  She was also impressed at their willingness 
to stop by and see if she needed anything done. Many times, 
all four would take time out of their busy schedules and 
stop by for lunch.  I was glad to see that my wife got 
along so well with my old buddies.

	And doing the times I was traveling, Cindy was 
concerned about staying home all alone in a new house and 
in a new neighborhood.  The guys were over when she told me 
that. Being the kind of friends you just can't find 
everyday, Al and the guys indicated they'd be willing to 
take turns sleeping over on the couch so that my wife 
wouldn't feel so scared and all alone while I was 
traveling.

	Cindy was thrilled at the idea and thought that it was 
so nice of them to do that for me.

	"Honey, you really have such great friends who'd give 
up their bachelor evening to stay over here and keep me 
company while you're out of town on business."

	I agreed with her and let her know that I felt rather 
relieved that they'd be keeping an eye on her while I was 
away.

	This arrangement worked out rather well. Over the next 
three months, I was away from home four nights out of 
seven.  I usually left for work Monday morning and then on 
to the airport, and then returned home Friday evening.

	My wife told me that my four buddies took turns 
respectively, spending one night each, Monday through 
Thursday nights, while I was gone.  

	Even thought she said she slept well each night with 
each of them over, she still appeared to be tired on Friday 
night when I got home.  It seemed to take her the whole 
weekend to get rested.  By the time she was fully rested 
and refreshed, it was Monday again and it was time for me 
to start traveling again.

	I asked my buddies to see if she seemed sick or 
anything, since she seemed to be worn out.  I thought maybe 
it was her allergies or working in the yard and her garden 
too much.

	One time I had the opportunity to cut my trip short by 
one day and I came home on a Thursday night about 11:30PM.

	I thought about calling, but I was too anxious to get 
home, so I didn't.

	When I got there, it was my good buddy Chuck's night 
to sleep over at my place. When I let myself in, he was 
coming from the master bedroom wearing only his shorts and 
holding his robe in front of him.

	"I thought I heard a strange noise.  It was you.  
That's a relief.  I got up and went to check on Cindy to 
make sure she was alright."  He said.  He also let me know 
she appeared to be asleep as he returned to the couch. He 
still walked with his robe draped over his arm, but yet 
carefully positioned in front of him. 

I chuckled mentally at his attempt to hide a probable 
nocturnal erection.  Yet I thought that was very 
gentlemanly of him to carry the robe to keep from exposing 
himself from Cindy if she should be awake.

	I was thinking how I couldn't do better than having 
such a trustworthy friend who would get up, without any 
regard of being embarrassed at how skimpy he was dressed, 
just to see if my wife was okay, after hearing a strange 
noise.

	I guess my wife heard Chuck and I talking, for she 
stuck her head through the bedroom door and greeted me.
 
	She said she decided to change the bed because in the 
process of getting up she'd knocked a glass of water over 
on the nightstand and some of it spilled on the bed.
 
	"Cindy darling, isn't it a bit cool to have the window 
open so wide."  I asked.

	"Oh, I'll close it later, I just got the urge for some 
fresh air.  I had spilled two of my favorite perfumes 
earlier tonight.  You know how terrible mixed perfumes can 
stink up the place."

	She was right, there appeared to be a fine odor of 
musty funkiness in the air of the bedroom.

	I showered and got ready for bed.  By then the sheets 
were changed and the room aired out.

	I sought to be close to my wife, but she kissed me on 
the cheek and bid me good night as she turned her back to 
me.

	I sought to have sex, but since it was so late, she 
begged off and asked me to wait until Friday night, our 
usual sexing night.  I was horny, but I persevered and 
rested as best I could with my throbbing prick.

	The next night was worth the wait.  My wife was sexy 
as usual, even if her pussy seemed to be somewhat looser.  
She attributed it to my sucking her so much.

	"It's nothing to worry about darling, it's from all 
that strong, exquisite sucking you do to my pussy. I don't 
want you to stop.  It feels too good for you to stop, so 
don't even think about it."  I heeded my wife's words.

	Two months later I came home to find my wife in tears.  
She was pregnant.

	"B-But how can that be?  I guess one of the condoms I 
wore had a leak."  I replied at her revelation. I let her 
know that although we didn't plan on starting our family as 
yet, we would make the best of the good news. 

	Recently, for the last few months, Cindy had been off 
birth control.  During this time, we agreed the best thing 
was for me to use condoms until her doctor put her back on 
the pill.

	"After all, darling even though you didn't want to 
become a mom so soon, this is a joyous moment and not a 
time to be sad."  I said beaming a broad smile in an 
attempt to cheer her up.

	"There is something else you ought to know honey.  I 
may be the mom, but you, well, if there was no pin hole 
leak, you may not be the real father."

	I was stunned and puzzled simultaneously at her words.  
After her explanation I was even more dumbfounded.

	Her story was that about two months ago, our furnace 
went out one night while I was out of town.  Dave was 
staying over.  Well it got so cold in the house, that my 
wife invited Dave in the bed with her so that neither would 
get any colder.

	You see we had moved from a much warmer climate than 
my hometown and we didn't have but two blankets and the 
quilt comforter on the master bed. 

	Since they both were wrapped in blankets, neither one 
made physical contact with the other than to share the 
warmth of the comforter, which covered them both.

	Well it appeared that while they were lying in close 
proximity to each other, Dave had a nocturnal seminal 
emission.  Apparently his semen soaked through the blanket 
wrapped around him, and the blanket wrapped around her, as 
well as through her flannel full-length gown, and 
apparently right into her vagina.

"He really shot off a lot of jism and made a big mess.  
I didn't notice the extensive dampness until the next 
morning when we woke up.  He was really embarrassed.  He 
wanted to tell you when you came home, but I asked him not 
to.  After all, it was very embarrassing for me too and I 
wasn't sure you'd fully understand or forgive me for being 
concerned about his comfort, which led to this unfortunate 
event."  My wife revealed in a sad remorseful tone.

She also let me know that my other buddy, Al, who is 
into air conditioning and heater repair, repaired our 
furnace and did so for free.  Hence the reason, I never 
heard of the matter.  Good friends are priceless.

	I assured my wife that even though this had happened 
and that she was concerned that I wouldn't understand, I 
told her I did.  Also, she seemed adamant about not having 
an abortion, which I'd suggested.

	We talked for a long time about the matter, in fact 
over a whole weekend.  She had concerns about whether I had 
any feelings about her emotional state of mind in this 
matter.  

"After all Carl, half of this baby is part of me, my 
flesh and blood."

It became apparent after some time I was going to be 
looked at as the terrible one in this matter and that my 
ego was driving my abortion desire rather than concern for 
the child, who was totally innocent in this matter. 

Dave, even though utterly apologetic at every turn, 
also seemed to weigh in on the side of my wife carrying his 
child to term.  Every time I started to express my anger at 
him for the slick, carefully crafted words and manner he 
subtlety insinuated his desire for my first born to be by 
him, my other buddies would chide me for being so 
insensitive.

You see, Dave has this gift-to-gab talent, and is a 
very skilled debater.  He could easily be a politician.

Between my wife's obvious displeasure with me and the 
increasing disfavor I was finding in the eyes of my 
buddies, I capitulated.

	She hugged me after I told her that if she still 
wanted to have the baby, no matter if it were Dave's, I 
would treat the child as my own.  She hugged me gleefully 
and let me know how good it made her feel that I was so 
forgiving and understanding.

	My wife delivered a strapping baby boy.  After a day 
or so, it was rather apparent that Dave's semen had soaked 
through to its natural mark and hence, Dave had given us 
our first born.

	My wife and my buddies wanted to name the baby David.  
I didn't, but it was them and my wife against me.  After 
them yelling our old high school slogan "All for one.  One 
for all."  I again capitulated.

	I was back out on the road again and all seemed to be 
going well.  Our son David was growing up and looked more 
like his real father, my buddy David, every day.

	My buddies were still staying over while I traveled.  
I had to agree with them that since the baby came along, it 
was more important now than ever to have a man in the house 
with my wife and "my" son.  It maybe my imagination but 
whenever David refers to my son as "your son", I can't help 
but sense there's a bit of a smirking tone in his voice.  
  
	Our son David was about 14 months old when another 
situation occurred that caused me some concern about the 
accident-prone nature of my buddies.	

	This time, my wife had gotten up in the middle of the 
night to get our son a bottle.  The lights were dim.  My 
buddy Chuck was awakened from his sleep by the noise of my 
wife in the kitchen. He went to investigate.

	As a result of both being half sleep, skimpily 
dressed, and with Chuck sporting an involuntary hard on, 
they collided.  Chuck's erection pushed right through my 
wife's open robe and split crotch panties.  By the time 
they got untangled, awaken fully, and regained their 
senses, Chuck and my wife realized that Chuck had unleashed 
a torrent of his hot semen into her juicy, but unprotected 
pussy.  She just happened to be ovulating and was not on 
the pill, as she'd told me her doctor wanted her off them 
for some tests.

	"Honey, I know I should've told you sooner, b-but I 
was just afraid this would've been another incident that 
would increase the tension between you and your friends if 
I hadn't become pregnant."  My wife said tearfully.

	"Well you are.  So since it's pretty much of a sure 
thing it's not mine, since none of my condoms ruptured, I 
guess abor..."

	"Honey please, lets not even go there.  You know I 
don't believe in that.  Why don't we consider adoption 
instead?"  My wife interjected cutting me off.

	"B-But..." I tried to reply.

	"DING! DONG!"	The doorbell rang and my wife went to 
get the door.
	
	It was the guys -my four buddies.  I wasn't feeling 
the same degree of camaraderie they were at the moment.  I 
was the only one with a sour expression on my face.

	Chuck, who always had a happy go lucky outlook, was no 
different than always.  If anything, he seemed even 
merrier. 

	We six soon got into a serious discussion about this 
second addition to my family, for which I played no role in 
the insemination process.

	"Carl, I have to say first of all, I'm truly sorry for 
the pain and problem of the accident happening, but that's 
what it was, an accident.  I was just trying to see that 
everything was all right, nothing more, when this 
unfortunate incident happened.  However, now that it's 
occurred and she's pregnant, I think I have a bit to say, 
since I put the baby in her."  Chuck spoke in a way I'd 
never heard him before.  But I had to reply and let him 
know that he was out of place.

	"But Chuck, its..."

	"Honey, please let Chuck finish, after all, he's 
right. He did inseminate me.  He does have a say."  My wife 
said cutting me off.  I was speechless at her actions in 
front of my friends.

	Chuck took the opportunity to finish talking.  I 
sulked.  My face turned red.

	"I like the idea of putting the baby up for adoption, 
since you are justifiably upset about the accident 
happening."  He said directing his statement at me.

	My wife thought a vote of us six should settle the 
matter in a fair and democratic fashion. Appalled, I 
opposed the very idea of a vote.

	"Cindy honey, this is a decision for you and I to 
decide, not by a group vote."  I cried out.

	"Darling, I know what your vote is and it's murderous.  
I will not be a party to murder.  Needless to say, my wife 
and buddies outvoted me.
	
	We had a baby girl, who favored my wife more than 
Chuck, even though it was obvious that there was a definite 
resemblance to him in her face.  The little baby melted my 
heart and won me over to my wife wanting to keep her versus 
going forth with the adoption process.

	As before, I got a bit upset at my wife naming our 
daughter Charlene, which was the feminine variation of 
Chuck's real name, which is Charles.  However, my wife and 
my buddies were again on my case about my objection to the 
real father not being considered in the naming of "our" 
newest family addition. It was them against me.  Again I 
was browbeaten into accepting my wife's and buddies 
position on this matter.

	After a few weeks, everything had settled down and our 
growing family was back into the routine of being a family 
with two young children.  I was soon back on the road after 
a brief interlude of having taken sometime off to be with 
my wife and "our" new daughter.

	My buddies, especially, Chuck and David, were back 
doing family watching for me while I was back out on the 
road.

	After our youngest, Charlene was about 18 months old, 
I approached my wife about us trying for our own baby, 
since even before the wedding, we'd talked about spacing 
our future kids apart by about that much time.

	I'd just returned from a grueling week of pulling 
every trick in the book to get a new client signed up.  It 
was a very lucrative contract for my company and a big 
bonus for me.
	
	It was a big night for us.  My wife and I went out on 
the town. After a night out at an expensive restaurant and 
a stage play and some late night dancing, I could sense 
from the radiance on her face that her mood was good for us 
to start working on our next baby.

	I made love to her twice that night and was sure that 
I'd done my duty very well and inseminated my lovely wife 
with my seed.  I was very proud of my sexual prowess, as 
I'd never come twice in the same night before.  Even though 
I got off twice and used my mouth quite a bit, I only 
managed to get my wife off once.

	I was floating high the next few days, both from the 
large bonus as well as knowing that I'd finally got the 
opportunity to knock my own wife up versus my school chums 
doing the job for me.

	About two weeks later my wife revealed to me that she 
was expecting and that we had another bundle of joy on the 
way.

	"Wow!  I knew I was ready to make a baby, but I didn't 
think my cum was that potent."  I remarked to my wife 
Cindy.

	"Well honey, actually I'm 5 weeks pregnant.  The 
doctor informed me this morning. I went in to see him after 
my period was late".  She said with a less than happy look 
on her face.

	"F-Five weeks, b-but that c-can't be.  W-Why we j-just 
made love..."

	"It's Al's baby."

	My wife went on to tell me the bad news of how she and 
my buddy Al collided one morning.  He was coming out of the 
shower and she was going in, not knowing he was still in 
the bathroom.

	"It was a v-very brief encounter honey, but again he 
had a morning hard-on and his stuff squirted all over 
between my legs and must've got sucked up in my cunt.  I-
I'm sorry honey.  I-I just couldn't tell you about the 
possibility of me being pregnant by him, w-when you were so 
jubilant a-and upbeat on closing that big deal."  My wife's 
eyes had tears streaming down her face.  She looked so sad. 
 
	I sat silent for a moment as I let all that was said 
sink in.  After about a minute of my silence and my wife's 
sobbing as she hugged me, I again raised the issue of 
abortion.  That went over like a lead balloon. As before, 
my wife thought her not carrying the baby to term was an 
evil thing to do. I switched to adoption.

	"I like adoption better, but I'll think about it. If I 
change my mind, we keep the baby.  Otherwise, think how 
hurt Al will be, and me to for that matter, not knowing 
what kind of home our flesh and blood is in.  In fact, as 
good as he has been to us, it's the least we can do is 
raise his child as ours."  Her reply, as well as tone of 
adamancy shocked me.  I also was amazed at how quickly 
she'd gotten over her tearful sadness.

	Again, Cindy changed her mind time the baby was handed 
to her after the delivery.  The look on her face told me 
that we had our third family addition.

	The next time she inadvertently got knocked up was 
really the saddest time for me.  You see, I was at home 
when my buddy Bill accidentally inseminated her.

	It occurred one Saturday afternoon at a barbeque we 
were having around the pool.

	My buddies were over and everyone, including our three 
kids, were all outside.  The kids and Al, Dave, and Chuck 
were in the pool. Cindy and I were taking care of preparing 
the food.  We were all dressed in our bathing suits, as it 
was a very hot day.

	Bill had been in the pool, but went into the house to 
use the bathroom.  On his way back out, he was to bring out 
the ice chest of cold beers and sodas that he'd left in the 
kitchen.

	After he'd been gone for a few moments, Cindy went in 
to get the hotdog buns, which she'd forgotten to bring out 
twice before.

	She was gone a bit longer than I thought it should 
take.  After taking the last of the meat off the grill, I 
went to search for her.  As I opened the loud squeaky back 
door and walked into our laundry room, which is off the 
back hallway and about 20 feet from the kitchen, I heard 
Cindy and Bill arguing.

	"Bill!  Why didn't you watch where you were going!  
Now look at what you've done!  You've made a mess of me and 
the floor.  Carl is really going to be upset about this for 
sure."

	"I'm sorry Cindy.  I know you're right, especially 
with all the other accidents that've been happening around 
here."  I heard Bill say in a tone that for him was truly 
remorseful.

	I walked over quickly to where they were, to get some 
idea what all the commotion was about.  The scene that 
unfolded before me was what appeared to be just a spilled 
ice chest with ice and water, and of course several cans of 
beer and soda strewed all over the kitchen floor.

	Also, both Cindy and Bill were wet and I learned that 
both had fell to the floor after colliding.  Both their 
bating suits showed indications of wetness from having been 
in contact with the icy watery spill.

	"Aw Cindy, these things happen.  As long as you two 
weren't hurt, it's easy to mop up the ice and water and 
pick up the cans.  Believe me, there's nothing to get upset 
about."  I said, trying to be a conciliator between them.

	"Honey, I'm worried about what's not quite so obvious, 
and will take more that a little moping to clean up."

	"What are you talking about?"  I asked as I started 
picking up some of the canned beer near where I stood.

	As she explained, with Bill's help, I dropped the four 
cans I'd just picked up.  I had to sit down.

	It appeared that water and ice and cans of beer and 
soda weren't the only things spilled.  In addition to those 
things, apparently, as the two collided and fell, bill's 
big cock was pushed out of his trunks and my wife's bikini 
was loosened enough for bill's sizeable prick to contact 
the entrance to my wife's pussy lips, which caused him to 
involuntary release a wad of his jism.  My wife said she 
was certain that some got into her muff.

	She went on to explain how she'd poured a can of beer 
over her sperm soaked snatch in an attempt to neutralize 
the potency of my buddy's sperm.

	Well, to make a long story short, the beer douche 
didn't save the day.  A few weeks later my wife was 
confirmed pregnant. 

I could tell by subtle indications that she and my 
buddies were already posturing themselves to battle me in 
reference to her carrying this latest accidental 
impregnation to term.

I didn't even try to put up a defense or even mention 
anything about adoption.  I resigned myself to the fact 
that it was my fate to be an accidental cuckold and that it 
was a foregone conclusion that I had another tax deduction 
on the way, courtesy of my buddy Bill.

	A little over 7 months later, Cindy delivered a 7 
pounds boy that was a spitting image of Bill. The doctor 
was amazed that a 7 and a half month old baby was so well 
developed, since it had been 7 months and 2 weeks from the 
time of the ice chest incident to the delivery of "our" 
newest family addition. He repeated that our new son 
appeared to be a full term - 9 months- baby. 

 My wife assured him it was not.  I had to agree with 
her, after all, I was there when the accident happened.

	Anyway, no matter that, we were all thankful that the 
baby, even though obviously not mine, was healthy and had 
10 finger and 10 toes.

	Despite they aren't mine biologically, all the kids 
think highly of me as their dad and make me feel good that 
they look up to me.  That's a great consolation, even if I 
didn't have the honor of helping to conceive them.

	Cindy and I have decided to not have any more kids as 
it's expensive enough raising four kids these days, even 
though my buddies chip in regularly toward the care of each 
of their respective flesh and blood accidents.

	However, it looks like things have stabilized in our 
marriage.  Cindy is back on the pill at last, as her doctor 
has said it's okay for her to do so.

	I'm still traveling and my good buddies are still 
keeping a firm watch over my family for me while I'm away.  
They all seem to find time out of their busy schedules to 
spend time over at my house while I'm away.

	One of my neighbors indicated to me that on several 
occasions, while I was away, more than one, and some times 
all four of my buddies have slept over while I was out of 
town.  It sure is comforting to know that my good friends 
are going out of their way to watch out for my wife, the 
kids, and the house.

	Even though my wife and I only have sex once a week - 
on Friday nights - I'm thrilled at how well I satisfy her. 
She raves about how good I am at pleasing her sexually with 
my weekly efforts.  I think she loves my tongue in her 
juicy cunt better than my prick, since that's how I always 
get her off each time when we make love.  However, I still 
detect that she seems a bit tired when I get home.  But 
then again, when you're home with four kids, it does take a 
lot of energy out of you.

###  END ###


Comments:  Contact C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com
	
	
	
