Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Fourteen: Ruru and the Hot Futa Girlfriends
Summary: The futa slime and a pair of hot girlfriends get wild!
Keywords: Hh Hhh oral creampie anal DP inter monster scfi

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Lieutenant Elaine Seabrook

The tactical team arrived. I stepped out of my car, exhausted and excited. I had encountered an alien today and somehow the woman in there was responsible. The men in their black Nomex suits, helmets, and body armor rushed to the door. 

They smashed it open and rushed inside. A woman screamed.

I smiled so ready for us to find something.

I followed them inside and saw Joy Seymour on the ground. Her hands were bound behind her wrists while the men darted through the room. They moved fast and efficiently. Tears spilled from her eyes. She trembled, looking positively terrified about what had just happened. 

I want this place searched! I hissed. There is evidence of something!

W-what is going on? the woman sobbed. I'm a teacher! I teach

Quiet! I snapped. What do we have?

A man. Unconscious. Not responsive but breathing.

He took some sleeping pills, said the woman. That's my husband. He's been having some trouble sleeping. That's all.

Uh-huh, I said, staring down at her. Where is it?

Where's what? she sobbed. I... I... I have some weed. It's legal, though. I bought it.

The alien! I hissed. This woman had to know something. I was here earlier today, wasn't I?

Don't you know? the woman asked in confusion. And what alien? Our landscapers are legal. Legal!

We can't get the man awake, one of the tactical guys said, coming down the stairs. We're not finding anything strange so far.

Other than a shit tone of BDSM gear.

What we do is legal! gasped the woman. I like to be tied up and spanked. Big deal. You don't have the right to burst in and scare me. I'm a teacher!

My stomach twisted. Is there anything?

That man has shallow breathing and is not waking up, the tactical guy said. Not a bit. I didn't see any sign of sleeping pills, either.

Call an RA, I spat. Get him to the emergency room. Put her in my car and tear this house apart. There must be some evidence. The alien did something to me when I came here. You know it?

I want my lawyer, the woman sobbed. I want my lawyer.

My cheeks burned. Had I just made a huge mistake? No, no, I just felt certain this woman was hiding something from me. Certain. I just had to figure it out. An alien landed on earth, and I would make sure that I found it and protected the United States. This ET picked the wrong nation to crash land on. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

So, how long is she going to be out? I asked, staring at my girlfriend and at her shaved pussy. She slept on her back. It didn't seem to take that long with my mom.

I can't say, said Ruru. Not terribly long. The pink slime that looked just like me stretched her back. Her gelatinous boobies jiggled. The shadow of her heart twitched in the middle of her chest.

Is that your real heart? I asked, pointing at her chest.

She glanced down. Heart? That's a birthmark. Just a small area of my slime that's a darker color. It's quite common among futa-slimes. It doesn't look like a heart, does it?

Not a real heart, but a Valentine heart. I frowned. Weird coincidence, I guess. I really thought it was your main organ pumping... Well, I don't know, cytoplasm through your body.

I don't have a circulatory system, she answered. All my cells are the same and they propagate nutrients through my body from one to another in a sort of wave.

They're all the same? My brow furrowed. Wait, wait, then how do you think? Where's your brain?

They're all my brain. All my cells do all the things. They're all brain cells sensory cells and like muscular cells. How do you think I can move and stretch and sense? I have to be a generalist. No specialization allowed. In theory, I can stretch myself out into a one-cell-thick wire that would stretch very far. But it's too easy for me to snap.

And what would happen then? You'd die?

She laughed. No, no, there would be two of me. They would both have my memories then go off in new directions of exploration and identity. That's how we reproduce. One day, I'll just split in two. They'll both be my 'children' and grow up to have new identities and learn new things.

So, wait, are like all futa-slimes just the same person that's split and split and split for, what, thousands and thousands of years?

Yep! But the older memories tend to fade. I can remember... oh, three splits back.

Then why do you fuck and fire cum? I asked. If it's not for reproduction?

Well, it's fun! Duh. We didn't even use to have sex, but then we discovered fucking. We found a race of aliens that had three genders, futa being one of them. We really liked that. Having both. So the futa-slimes were born. There are boring branches of us that are male and female. They're the weird cousins us futa-slimes like to ignore.

And you make us futas for that same reason? I asked. Like my father. She's now my other mother.

Yep! And Mrs. Seymour's husband will be a woman sometime tonight. She'll train her to be my new sex slave. It'll be a fun surprise for me tomorrow to see how she did.

Damn, I said. I stared down at Raquel. Then at her clit. Was it swollen? I'm learning so much about you. That's awesome. So no chance of you knocking me up?

No, no. But you could have knocked up your mother or Morgan or Raquel. Calista, too. Your seed should be able to fertilize their eggs. You're fully capable of breeding true, you futas. Isn't that amazing?

Fuck, I groaned. I stared at my lover. I could be pregnant, too. Shit, that's messed up.

It's wonderful, she said. This is the joy of being a futanari. Having all this wild fun. I don't know why you're being so weird about this. You should be honored that you get to have futa-daughters. You're going to be a wonderful mother no matter if she knocks you up or you knock her up.

I suppose, I said, staring at Raquel, it would be nice to have a baby with Raquel. We'd have such beautiful daughters. Ooh, this is making me horny, Ruru.

So, want to fuck? asked the futa-slime. I could fuck you. Or you could fuck me. 

I bit my lips. I'm sure Raquel will want to fuck me, so... Bend over. I want to fuck you in the ass. God, you have an asshole. That's so hot that you find anal so hot, you created your own asshole so you could enjoy it.

Right? Ruru said. She crawled onto the bed, her futa-dick thrusting from the folds of her pussy. Mmm, you humans have such great bodies. I love it so much. I want to just get fucked by you. I have boobies, a pussy, and asshole, and a big futa-dick in this form. One of my favs.

I'm glad you love it, I purred and settled on the bed behind her. I slapped my cock down on her rump. You will enjoy making that asshole. I promise you won't regret it.

Mmm, you're an amazing fuck, moaned Ruru. Just a natural with your dick. I am so glad that I gave it to you.

Me, too, I moaned and drummed my cock on her gelatinous ass. Her pink butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact. I loved the sound. The feeling. Everything about her was such a treat for me to enjoy. My cock was so hard. I love being a futa!

I slid my cock into her butt-crack. My tip smeared precum down her crevice. I found that naughty backdoor and drilled against it. Her anal ring stretched and stretched before me. The warmth of her body swallowed my cock.

Ruru whimpered, her thick, plastic hair swayed a bit as she tossed her head. My cock speared into her bowels. I could see it as a dark shadow through her ass. It was so hot fucking the futa-slime. I slid all the way into her.

I gripped her gelatinous hips and was just about to pull back when something pressed into my pussy lips. I gasped at the blunt tip of a cock. It thrust into my cunt. I groaned as that delicious shaft speared into me. She filled me up.

Is that a tentacle? I gasped, her appendage thrusting so deep into me.

I grew my dick much longer than normal and made it flexible, Ruru said. Ooh, I love being in your cunt, Shannon.

God, you're so naughty, I moaned and drew back my hips.

Her asshole held tight to my cock. I loved it about me. I slammed back into her. I savored the heat of her gripping me. It was a fantastic delight to have her futa-dick pumping in and out of my cunt as I fucked her asshole.

I buggered her as she fucked me.

That was amazing.

I loved fucking her so much. I pounded her, driving my cock into her asshole. She squeezed about me with that wonderful grip. Her anal sheath massaged my cock as I buried to the hilt in her bowels again and again. Her asshole gripped me. 

And my pussy gripped her. She thrust her futa-dick in and out of my juicy cunt as I fucked her hard. I pounded her with such force. It was a true treat to bury into her again and again. I moaned, my boobs bouncing while her butt-cheeks jiggled.

Ruru! I moaned, thrusting away at her asshole. Oh, that's good. Ooh, you 

I'm so glad you fell on earth on my walk home! I moaned drilling into her asshole.

I fucked her with such force as I glanced over at Raquel. My sleeping girlfriend looked so adorable there. I loved how her round breasts rose and fell as I fucked into Ruru. I pounded the futa-slime with such force. 

I plowed into her again and again. I loved this delight so much. It was a fantastic pleasure to ram into her. I groaned, pumping away at that asshole. I loved the way she massaged me with her anal sheath. It was an outstanding pleasure to pound her asshole as she thrust her futa-dick.

Then I saw it happening. My girlfriend's clit sprouted.

It's happening, Ruru! I gasped as I thrust into her asshole. Her futa-dick is growing!

Oh, that's wonderful, the futa-slime moaned, her bowels squeezing about my futa-dick. She thrust her elastic and stretchy girl-cock harder into my cunt. She churned me up. It was such a delight. I was so thrilled to feel this pleasure as I watched Raquel's new shaft grow.

It started out pink but faded to the golden-brown of the rest of her. It swelled thicker and longer with her beating heart. I grabbed her swelling cock, reveling in the feeling of her growing thicker and longer. This was such a rush.

My cunt clenched with my excitement, gripping Ruru's thrusting futa-dick. The ache swelled in my own clit-cock burying to the hilt in Ruru's tight bowels. I stroked my girlfriend's rod, feeling it at its full girth. I stroked her, loving this so much.

This is awesome! I moaned, driving my cock hard into Ruru's cunt. Oh, yes, yes, this is amazing. I love this so much!

Me, too! gasped Ruru. Ooh, I am going to cum in your pussy, Shannon!

Yes, yes, I'm going to flood your asshole! I moaned, feeling the pressure in my ovaries. It was a fantastic delight.

I thrust harder. Faster. I pounded her with all my might. I thrust my girl-dick to the hilt in her bowels over and over again. I hurtled towards my orgasm. Her anal sheath held me tight as her clit-cock buried into my snatch.

The feeling of her futa-dick stretching out my pussy over and over was building and building me towards that big burst of pleasure. I would have such a huge one. My ovaries quivered with the pressure of my cum as I slammed into her bowels.

Yes, yes, yes, she squealed. Oh, that's so good. Ooh, I love what you're doing to me. That's awesome. I'm going to cum!

Me, too! I howled and buried into her bowels. I gripped Raquel's dick as I slammed to the hilt in Ruru's asshole and erupted.

My futa-dick spurted over and over again. I pumped her full of all that naughty cum. It just hurtled out of me. I groaned, my mind melting with this passion. It was amazing to feel it rushing out of me. I trembled through my orgasm, savoring every moment of this.

Shannon! Ruru moaned, thrusting her futa-dick to the depths of my writhing pussy. Yes!

Her futa-cum erupted into my pussy.

Her asshole spasmed around my clit-dick. She suckled at my cock as I nursed at her shaft. It was incredible feeling her futa-jizz spurting into my cunt while my spunk flooded her convulsing bowels. The pleasure shot through me.

Oh, yes, yes, that's so good, I moaned. Oh, my god, that's amazing.

Right, right, right! she howled, her asshole milking my dick. Ooh, I love it!

Me, too! I whimpered, stroking my girlfriend's new futa-shaft.

I held Raquel's dick as Ruru's bowels milked my cock dry. She worked out every drop of cum my ovaries had. My pussy did the same with her spurting cock. I loved the feeling of her girl-jizz flooding my twat. She filled me up with that wonderful heat.

I panted, reaching the peak of my pleasure. My round boobs swayed from side to side. I sucked in deep breaths, a big smile on my lips. This was such a rush. I was so glad that I got to enjoy this amazing delight. 

I would have such fun with Ruru and Raquel.

I stared at the cock I held and licked my lips. Time for a wake-up BJ.

Mmm, enjoy her, Ruru said.

I pulled out of the futa-slime's asshole with a wet plop. It was incredible to have that final shiver of delight. Her bendy clit-dick popped out my twat, a flood of her cum following. It ran down my thighs as I shifted over on the bed between my girlfriend's twat.

I cupped her shaved pussy with my left hand and gripped her futa-dick with my right. I rubbed at her snatch and licked my lips. I bent over, my tits swaying, and kissed the tip of Raquel's new clit-cock. Her salty precum spilled over my lips.

Good morning, Raquel, I cooed as Ruru rolled onto her side and lay there beside my girlfriend. I love you so much!

I engulfed her clit-dick and thrust my fingers into her pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Raquel Santiago

Something warm suckled on my clit. A mouth wrapped around it. A tongue dancing about it. Suction reached down my clit and into my pussy that was filled with naughty fingers working in and out of me. The pressure reached deep inside of me to these twin aches.

These twin points that needed to erupt.

The pressure on my clit was something new. Something that I had never felt before. It was this exciting delight that had me quivering. I whimpered, my face contorting with delight. It felt amazing, this pressure. Wondrous.

Different.

I whimpered, my cunt clenching down on the fingers. There was something so familiar about them. Something that I almost recognized. I shuddered as the digits wiggled about in me. The sucking on my clit drew me up and up out of my nap.

My eyes fluttered open. I turned my head and stared at Shannon. Only her face was made of pink jello. Then I gasped and sat up. I stared down to see my redhead girlfriend sucking on my... my... Cock. I had a cock thrusting from the folds of my pussy.

I had a futa-dick that wanted to cum in her mouth.

Pretty girl! I gasped as she nursed on me. Her tongue danced around my cock. Mierda!

She winked at me as she suckled on me. She nursed with hunger on my cock, sucking with such passion on me. I gasped at that. My cunt clenched down on her fingers in my twat. I quivered, shaking my head. This was so insane.

Oh, my god, I groaned as those naughty fingers churned me up. Oh, wow. That's amazing. That's so wonderful. Ooh, you're making me feel just so wonderful.

She winked at me.

This is awesome, I gasped. Oh, pretty girl, I love your mouth on my futa-dick and your fingers in my pussy! I have both. This is amazing. I'm going to explode so hard. I'm just going to burst. Ooh, I love this so much.

Shannon worked her mouth up and down my girl-dick, her lips massaging my shaft. This was incredible. I had never felt anything like this. It was intense. Amazing. Her tongue danced around the crown of my futa-cock. I gasped, my pussy clamping down on her digits.

I whimpered as she loved me. I groaned as she swirled her tongue around my cock. I was in pure heaven. I loved this so much. Her fingers teased my pussy walks, building that familiar climax, while a different one itched the tip of my new futa-dick.

That one was connected to the pressure. To my cum that I would fire into my girlfriend's mouth. The naughty gringa bobbed her head and suckled with such passion. She thrust her fingers in and out of my cunt with such passion.

She's amazing, isn't she? Ruru said. Just a wonderful cock-sucker.

Yes, I gasped. Oh, god, and where is my cum going to erupt from?

Your ovaries.

That made so much sense. I shuddered, my face contorting with the delight as the pressure built and built in my ovaries. My girl-cum would fire into Shannon's mouth. My pussy gripped her digits, the friction building and building me towards an earth-shattering climax.

I squirmed on the bed, my round tits jiggling. The futa-slime watched on, her smile so much like Shannon's. I stared at her, licking my lips. She smiled and leaned in, kissing me. I groaned as our mouths melted together.

I kissed her as I rose towards my orgasm. My two separate climaxes that felt linked. They were feeding each other. The pleasure in my pussy and around the tip of my futa-dick was reflecting back on each other.

A wonderful feedback loop that drove me towards my eruption.

Shannon made me feel so amazing.

Her mouth worked up and down my futa-dick. Her fingers thrust into my pussy over and over again. I shuddered as she churned my twat up. I arched my back, whimpering and groaning. My twat squeezed about her digits.

I held them tight as she plunged them into me again and again. I moaned into Ruru's lips as I hurtled towards my first orgasm as a futa. My clit-dick throbbed in Shannon's hungry mouth. Her tongue danced around the tip.

The pressure burst my ovaries. 

I broke the kiss with Ruru to howl, Pretty girl! Yes!

My futa-cum pumped into my girlfriend's mouth. Shannon moaned, her fingers thrusting deep into my convulsing cunt. She suckled out the futa-spunk firing from my new dick. I bucked on the bed, my pussy writhing and rippling around her digits.

I love you, Shannon! I moaned, the dual pleasures crashing into my brain.

It was so incredible. The familiar ecstasy washed out of my cunt while this new rapture fired from my spurting futa-dick. It was intense. Powerful. It lanced through me and plunged into my mind. I trembled, whimpering in delight. 

This is wondrous, I moaned, my head tossing. Ooh, Shannon! Pretty girl!

She drank all the cum that fired out of my futa-dick. It was outstanding to enjoy this delight. I hit the peak of my rapture. I arched my back then groaned, panting. It was incredible to have all this pleasure rushing through me.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, wow, that was amazing.

Shannon ripped her mouth off my futa-dick. It was an incredible delight to have her do that. She crawled up my body, her fingers sliding out of my pussy. Her girl-cock rubbed into mine. They slid together, which felt incredible. 

She leaned down, her lips dripping with my futa-cum, and kissed me.

Our breasts pressed together as our lips melted tight. I groaned at the salty flavor of my futa-cum. It was this wild delight to taste. I groaned, savoring it. My cunt clenched, the heat rushing through me. My heart pounded as I kissed her with such hunger. 

I thrust my tongue into Shannon's mouth, our futa-dicks throbbing together. It was such a hot rush. Our nipples brushed. Pleasure burst from our nubs. The bliss shot down to my cunt then up to the tip of my girl-cock.

It was so wild being a dickgirl.

A hermafrodita.

Shannon broke the kiss. So?

Amazing, I groaned. Fuck, that was so hot, pretty girl. You give a mean blowjob.

Yes, she does, purred Ruru.

Mmm, want to fuck her pussy together? Shannon asked. My cock and yours in her pussy. Both of us stretching her out as our cocks slide past each other.

Mierda! I breathed. That's so hot. Oh, my god, yes, yes, I want that so much. Let's do that. But... will her cunt stretch?

She's a fucking futa-slime, Shannon said, her green eyes twinkling. Of course we'll fit. She stretches like nothing else.

Nothing, agreed Ruru. She smiled, her face looking so much like Shannon's.

God, I get it, I moaned. How you could cheat on me! This is so exciting. So heady.

Relief flashed across Shannon's face. I didn't want to cheat, it just... happened.

My own guilt swept through me. I understood that so much. It had happened to me, too. With my pillow-queen mother. I could hardly be mad at my lover for something that I couldn't control. 

So let's share Ruru, I said. I suppose we'll be sharing many girls.

Mmm, you are going to love fucking the shit out of that bratty sister of yours, purred Shannon. 

My pussy clenched. Oh, wow, that sounds... fucked up and fun all at the same time.

Shannon winked at me and slid off my body. She rolled over Ruru and ended up on the other side of her. Ruru smiled at me as she lay on her side, her round breasts piled into two lush mounds. I shuddered and scooted against her, sandwiching her with my girlfriend.

Ruru's futa-cock had vanished. Her round breasts pressed into my boobs. Hers were soft like jello. They quivered against me as I grabbed my cock and pressed it between the futa-slime's legs. I found the lips of her pussy.

And my lover's futa-cock.

Shannon was already there. She was poised and ready to ram into the slut. I shuddered in shock at that. That was so hot. We were going to share the same pussy with our clit-dicks. This was wild. I never imagined I would ever do this.

This was beyond the realms of my imagination.

Just thrust, Ruru moaned. Both of you, ram those big dicks into me and make me feel amazing.

Sure, I gasped and thrust against her pussy, my cock nuzzling into her twat.

Shannon did the same.

I shuddered at the feeling of her spongy crown and mine both drilling into the same pussy. It was an incredible rush. This heat swept through me as Ruru's silky cuntlips stretched over our cocks. She engulfed us with her passion.

Our two dicks popped into Ruru's juicy snatch. I gasped as we pushed into Ruru's silky depths. The futa-slime squeezed her twat around us. Shannon's cock throbbed against mine. Hers felt amazing against me. We were sharing this wonderful delight.

Yes, yes, yes, Ruru moaned as our dicks filled her up.

It's incredible, Shannon gasped, her dick pulsing against mine. We're sharing her, Raquel!

We are, pretty girl, I gasped, the intimacy of this sweeping through me. Mierda! This is so hot! So sexy.

We bottomed out in Ruru. I stayed here, savoring that warm, gelatinous cunt around me. Then Shannon drew back her cock. Her shaft slid down mine. That was insane to feel. I loved it. I pulled back, too, savoring the silky massage of Ruru's cunt.

Shannon thrust back into the futa-slime's pussy. My girlfriend's clit-dick slid past mine. It was so incredible to feel. Our crowns kissed as they slid past each other. Pleasure shot down to my cunt and rippled up to my ovaries.

Oh, that's good, I moaned as I pumped away at Ruru's cunt.

It is, the futa-slime whimpered, her face twisting with delight. You're both fucking me!

God, we are, Shannon moaned, her cock sliding past mine again and again.

Every time our dicks passed each other, our tips caressed. The pleasure burst through me. It was such a wild delight, adding to the massaging warmth pumping away at Ruru's cunt gave me. Her snatch squeezed tight.

I loved the way Shannon fucked Ruru slightly faster than me. Our dicks pistoned past each other. Then our futa-cocks would momentarily sync up. We would drive into her together, both of us sliding into her hot depths before slipping out of rhythm with the other.

Then our cocks would massage each other, adding to the delight of Ruru's cunt. I loved it. My dick drank in the different delights of Shannon's futa-dick and Ruru's juicy snatch. My own pussy swelled with the heat. 

My ovaries brimmed with the pressure.

Oh, this is wonderful, I gasped. Oh, Ruru, I love your pussy!

Mmm, I love your cocks, Ruru purred and kissed me.

Her lips melted on mine. It was hot. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as I thrust away at her cunt. My dick slipped past Shannon's over and over again. My futa-girlfriend thrust with such force into the futa-slime's cunt.

This is awesome, Shannon groaned. Oh, fuck, I am going to spurt so much jizz into your snatch, Ruru. Just flood you.

I wanted that, too.

The pressure at the tip of my dick grew. The itch that preceded my orgasm. My cunt clenched as I drove my cock harder into Ruru's cunt. She whimpered into my kiss, her lips so soft. Her boobs rubbed against my tits, our nipples caressing.

My ovaries brimmed with all that futa-cum that would erupt from me. I pounded Ruru harder. Faster. I suddenly was matching Shannon's rhythm but was out of phase with her. I was thrusting in as she was pulling back, our tips brushing over and over again.

The rhythm of it burst sparks through me.

I whimpered. Moaned. My cunt drank in the heat. My ovaries quivered. I was on the verge of erupting. I trembled, so close to that moment. I buried into her as Shannon pulled back. Our tips kissed. Then Ruru's flesh massaged me.

I broke the kiss and howled, Yes!

I exploded.

Ruru! I moaned pumping my cum into her pussy.

Shannon slammed into the futa-slime's cunt. Her clit-dick pulsed against mine. We were cumming together. Then Ruru bucked. She trembled between us, her pussy spasming around our futa-cocks. It was an amazing feeling her nursing at us.

She suckled at our cunts. She nursed with passion on us. It was an incredible feeling that twat going wild around my girl-cock. It was outstanding. I loved it. The pleasure shot through me. My pussy writhed as our girl-spunk spilled into Ruru's snatch.

Oh, Raquel, our cum is mixing, moaned Shannon.

It is! I gasped, my futa-cock erupting again and again. Wow, this is amazing!

It is, Ruru moaned, her body trembling between us. Oh, I am so happy that you two are here. This is so wonderful. I love it so much. I'm just in heaven.

I bet you are, I purred, my futa-dick spurting one last time.

My orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I shuddered, the pleasure dying down to buzzing delight. My thighs rubbed together, soaked in my pussy cream. This was all so amazing. This heady rush swept through me. 

I was so happy right now. 

Thank you for making me into a futa, I purred. Ooh, this is so wild, Shannon.

Right? Shannon asked. And now, Ruru, you just have to sit on my face as my sweet Raquel fucks my pussy. I want to drink our futa-cum out of your twat. Ooh, that will be so hot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

Ooh, that does sound fun, Ruru the sexy futa-slime said. She squeezed her cunt around mine and Raquel's girl-cocks. I loved sharing a pussy with her.

We were so doing this to her bratty sister later on. That would be the hottest thing in the world. I couldn't wait for it. 

I slid my futa-dick out of Ruru's cunt. I shuddered and rolled onto my back. My futa-dick waved and bobbed, drenched with my pussy cream. A big smile spread on my lips. My body buzzed with this delight. It was quite the rush to have it brimming in me.

Ruru moved towards me and so did Raquel. They were both crawling, their boobs jiggling. Ruru thrust her leg over my head. Her pink pussy hovered over me, closed tight to hold in all the cum. I could see it as a dark shadow through her body, outlining the depths of her snatch.

Wow, that's so hot, moaned Raquel. Seeing our cum in her.

So hot, I agreed as my futa-girlfriend settled between my thighs. She pressed her futa-dick into my shaft. And it'll be even hotter when your big girl-cock is ramming into me.

Yeah, I bet you'll love it, pretty girl, Raquel purred. I loved when she called me that.

She slid her futa-dick down my shaft until her tip nuzzled into my pussy lips. My sexy girlfriend, her golden-brown titties quivering, thrust into me. I gasped as her huge clit-cock stretched me out. It was incredible to feel. My back arched, the pleasure rippling through me.

I groaned at the pleasure of her stretching me out. Then Ruru planted her gelatinous pussy on me. I licked at her slit, stroking through her pussy folds. Her spicy cunt cream mixed with this salty delight just trickling out of her.

Her butt-cheeks quivered before my face. Ruru moaned, her back arching. Then she relaxed the floodgates. As Raquel drew back her hips, her cock sliding out of my cunt, the cum poured into my mouth. It was so yummy. I loved that treat pouring into my mouth. I savored it.

I gulped it down. I swallowed every drop of it. It was so yummy to have the mix of my spunk and Raquel's filling my mouth.

My girlfriend fucked my pussy, my futa-dick twitching and throbbing. I drank the futa-jizz pouring out of Ruru's spicy pussy. It was a flood that I loved. It warmed down to my belly. My cunt clamped down on Raquel's thrusting dick as I savored this delight.

Oh, yes, yes, Shannon, Ruru moaned. You love that spunk leaking out of me.

I moaned my agreement.

Yeah, she does, Raquel moaned, pumping away at my snatch. Oh, wow, she's squeezing her pussy around me. She's gripping my clit-dick. I love this, too. It's amazing just being the only cock in her pussy, Ruru.

It is, Ruru said. Ooh, enjoy her, Raquel.

I am, pretty alien.

My futa-girlfriend fucked me with force. She buried into my snatch over and over again. She plowed with such passion into my twat. I loved it. My futa-cock throbbed with the delight. I gripped her shaft, the heat building in my cunt.

My ovaries drank it in, my futa-cum warming towards that explosive burst. My futa-cock twitched with my heartbeat, the tip slapping into my belly every time. Precum spilled out and soaked my belly as Raquel fucked into me.

And as she pounded me, I drank that wonderful, salty delight pouring out of Ruru's cunt. We had fired so much of our girl-seed into her. And it was all for me to enjoy. I gulped it down, not even having to lick her.

Not until it finally slowed.

Then my tongue fluttered through Ruru's spicy folds. I loved the taste of her. I savored that passion as Raquel pounded my cunt. She rammed into me. Ruru squirmed on my face, rubbing her gelatinous vulva across my hunger mouth.

Ooh, ooh, Shannon, that's so good, moaned Ruru. That's really good. I love what you're doing to me. That's so good. That's making me feel so good.

Yes, yes, make her feel good, pretty girl, groaned Raquel. She grabbed my futa-dick and stroked her hand up and down my shaft. 

I groaned as she did that. My tongue fluttered over Ruru's cunt. I licked her clit to her taint. I feasted on the futa-slime's spicy twat as my cunt clenched about Raquel's dick. The ache swelled at the tip of my own girl-cock. The pressure grew and grew in my ovaries.

Raquel's hand felt amazing pumping up and down my cock. She had such an amazing grip. I couldn't believe how much I was enjoying this. I squeezed my twat around that big dick fucking me. I loved that huge dick ramming into my twat over and over again. It was wondrous.

My futa-dick throbbed in my girlfriend's stroking hand. She pumped up and down me to the same rhythm that she fucked my cunt. I loved her burying into me again and again. She plowed into me with such wondrous force.

I loved it so much.

This was an amazing delight. My cunt clenched down on her. I suckled on her, savoring her nursing on me. It was wondrous. I would just burst with the rapture that built in my ovaries. The tip of my cock ached.

My tongue thrust into Ruru's cunt. I swirled about in her. I churned her up as my orgasm built and built. I was so close to erupting. My girl-cock pulsed in Raquel's thrusting hand. She did such wicked things to me.

Pretty girl! Raquel groaned as she fucked into my cunt. She buried into me hard and fast.
 
Mmm, that's it, babe, I moaned, my pussy clenching around her futa-dick hammering into my cunt. I am going to erupt.

Me, too, purred Ruru, her hot cunt grinding on my lips. Just gush juices, Shannon.

Yum!

I suckled on her clit. I liked that she had this little bud. It was hot. My tongue danced around it as my futa-girlfriend thrust into my snatch. The pleasure shot up to my shaft held in her stroking hand. She massaged my crown over and over. The pressure swelled to the bursting point.

She slammed into me and brushed my crown. That did it. My futa-cock exploded. My cunt writhed and spasmed around her girl-cock. It was incredible to feel her twat rippling around my dick. She suckled at me. 

I erupted hard.

My cock spurted blasts of cum that splashed on my boobs. They sprayed over me. It was incredible to feel that delight. My body bucked, my cunt writhing around her snatch as she drew back. I moaned around Ruru's clit.

Oh, yes, yes, Shannon, the futa-slime moaned.

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. She drowned me in her passion. I loved the taste of them. The flavor of her cunt cream spilling over my face. It was an incredible delight to have her bathing my mouth in her passion.

I licked and lapped at her. I drank all that wonderful delight. Her juices soaked my mouth as Raquel rammed into my cunt. She buried to the hilt in my snatch, my clit-dick splashing more cum across my tits.

Pretty girl! Raquel gasped.

Her futa-cum fired into me.

My twat writhed around her snatch. It was incredible to feel all that hot cum gushing into my pussy while I painted my tits in futa-spunk. I gulped down Ruru's spicy pussy juices. She had such yummy cunt cream. It was a blast to gulp down every bit of it.

I swallowed every drop of her cunt cream while my dual pleasure surged through me. My cunt writhed around that big dick flooding me. My futa-girlfriend unloaded her girl-spunk, gasping with each explosion.

I love being a futa! gasped Raquel. Mierda!

I know! I groaned, my cunt writhing around that thick dick. 

Yes, yes, just milk out all that cum, my futa-girlfriend moaned. You're pussy is the best.

Thank you, I moaned as I fired a last blast of girl-spunk that splashed across my belly. My futa-jizz dripped hot over my breasts. You two are amazing.

Ruru squirmed on my face, her spicy juices spilling down my cheeks. I licked at her, loving the flavor of her snatch. Her passion filled my tongue with such delight. I shuddered, savoring that delight of eating her twat.

My girlfriend pulled out of me. I shuddered as Ruru slid off on the other side. Raquel ducked her head down. She licked at my boobs. She gathered up the spunk that was on them. I loved feeling her sliding her tongue over me. It was quite the treat to have her licking up my jizz.

You like that taste, cutie? I asked, watching her pink tongue flicking out and sliding over my tits, gathering up that salty cum.

It's so good, she said and licked up more of it. She suckled a spot of jizz on my nipple. I groaned as she did that, my toes curling. This was so hot. My pussy clenched, full of all that cum that she had fired into me. Ooh, that's very good.

I'm glad you enjoyed it, I panted, my heart racing. Damn, you do know how to make a girl feel amazing, you know that?

Good, she purred. She looked up and bit her lip. Shannon... There's something I have to tell you. Something that... That you'll find shocking.

I blinked and sat up. What, Raquel? You can tell me anything.

She winced. I hope that's true, but I've been keeping something huge from you. Tears appeared in her eyes. Something... bad.

My stomach clenched. This didn't sound good at all. My futa-dick drooped then shrank back into a clit. What is it? It can't be that bad. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lieutenant Elaine Seabrook

There's nothing here, said the leader of the tactical squad. We tore this place apart. There's nothing here that's suspicious, let alone illegal.

Which means you are harassing me and tore apart my house for no good reason, hissed the handcuffed Joy Seymour. Let me go. I have to get to the hospital and my husband.

The husband that was non-responsive, I hissed. How did he get in that position?

Sleeping pills, she huffed. 

And we found no evidence in the entire house of them. I arched an eyebrow. Explain that.

He told me he took one. I believed him. She shrugged. Her cheeks were stained with tears, her eyes red. Can I be let go now? I need to get to the hospital.

You are hiding something from us. What is it? Tell me. If you have had contact with the alien, then you need to tell us right now. This is not a game, Mrs. Seymour.

Alien? she asked. She tried to make it sound confusing, but there was something in her tone that made me think she knew more than she was letting on. That this was a front. She was involved in this. I just had to prove it. 

Take her in for interrogation, I snapped.

On what charges? the tactical team leader asked. He had a bluff face. He looked at me like I was crazy. 

It's the colonel, another said, holding a phone.

My stomach curdled. I swallowed and took it. Sir?

Why am I hearing you found nothing, Lieutenant? growled my superior officer.

This woman is hiding something. I can feel it in my guts. Let me hold her for twelve hours. Interrogate her properly. I'm sure she'll crack.

On what grounds? That you ran her plate? Which you're not even sure is her plate. There are seven other matches to your partial.

But none are local, I said. She's the only one that makes sense. She works at the school where the alien dumped me after she was done with me.

Do you know how deranged that sounds? he demanded. This is done, Lieutenant. If something fell to the earth, you are on a wild goose chase. You've wasted enough of our time.

But her husband is unconscious. What if the alien poisoned him?

Or the wife did, and that's not our jurisdiction. Space is. If there is nothing extraterrestrial there, then you are done. Pass the case onto the local police if you think she poisoned her husband. Report in tomorrow at 0900. I want you to get a good night's sleep. You sound terrible, Lieutenant.

I sighed. Yes, sir.

That was it. It was done. I was so tired. But this couldn't be the end. There was something else going on here. I could just feel it. There was something about the husband. Something that made me itch. I hung up the phone.

I had until 0900 tomorrow. It was 1637. I had more nearly sixteen-and-a-half hours to figure this out and present it to my commanding officer. The Colonel would get the proof that I had. I would deliver it to him on a silver platter.

Cut her loose, I ordered the team leader. And pack up your men. We're done here.

Sir, he said and saluted me. Then he turned.

I headed out to my car. I had to get to the hospital. I wanted to keep a close eye on the husband. People didn't just pass out for no reason. I wanted to talk to his doctors, figure it out. Joy Seymour was hiding something from me.

I would find it out!

To be continued...
