					What's your Pleasure V

Chapter 8

I woke up the next morning, alone. Jack, I assumed, went out for his morning run as he did every morning. My ass was sore but it was a good soreness. Thinking about last night, I immediately got hard. I had loved Jack as a son since he was born but now I loved him as a man. I had given myself to him fully and completely. I was his, whenever he wanted me. I stroked my cock, remembering the feeling of
his cock filling me but the need to piss was greater.

Still naked, I padded to the bathroom and started pissing. My bladder was so full that it seemed to take forever to finish. As I shook my dick to get rid of the final drops, I hear Jack bound up the stairs. 

Morning, dad

Morning Jack, have a good run. In the past I would have been embarrassed being naked in front of
him but not anymore. He moved behind me and rubbed his cloth covered cock in my crack as he wrapped his arms around me. I pushed back against him, grinding my ass into his crotch,
at the same time, I bent forward, placing my hands on the top of the toilet and spreading my legs
inviting him to fuck me.

He laughed, smacked me on the ass and said, Get into the shower, you stink. and left the room. I turned on the shower, adjusted the water and got in. I was disappointed that Jack didnt fuck me. I want to feel his cock again filling my gut with boy goo. Hopefully he would join me shortly.

I wasnt disappointed. I was washing my hair when I hear the shower door open and close.  

Dont move and I froze. I had been lathering my hair and stopped immediately, leaving my hands
where they were.

What no hard-on? Arent you happy to see me? Well, well fix that.  I felt a finger enter my ass and start finger fucking me. My cock shot out to its full length.

Thats better adding another finger to my ass. His other hand had found my left nipple and pinched it. My cock jerked. Like all the other times, my hips moved to get more of his finger in me.

My, my, youre one hot bitch. At the sound of that word, bitch, my cock spewed its seed. I almost fainted. I had to reach for the wall or I would have fallen. 

Please Jack, fuck me, I need your cock, NOW. I cried.

Sorry, dad, Im not in the mood. He pulled his fingers out of me and stuck them in my mouth. I sucked on them greedily. He laughed again Cant ever get enough? With that he removed his fingers and got out of the shower Finish up and come down to breakfast I hurried thru the rest of the shower, got dressed and went down for breakfast.

Jack was at the stove, when I enter. He was still wearing his running shorts but no shirt. The cheeks of his ass were taut against the nylon. I wanted to rush over to him, drop to my knees and bury my head in
his flesh. He wasnt wearing a shirt and his muscles rippled when he moved his arms.

He had already poured me a cup of coffee. I added milk and sugar and sat down. Jack handed me a plate of eggs and bacon. Sitting own with his plate he asked So, dad, what happened to you? Before I raped you, you wouldnt even think about sucking cock, let alone letting yourself get fucked in the ass? I know you have always accepted me for my gayness but seemed intolerant of other gays. What happened.

Putting down my fork, Well before I answer, how did you hypnotize me?

Oh, that. Remember when I got hit in the head with that baseball? The next morning, I woke up dizzy
but it cleared quickly but I knew something was changed. Nothing physical something mental but I didnt know what. Over the next few days, funny things happened. For example, I was in class and this dork was answering all the questions and being obnoxious. In my head, I said shut up and he did. He stopped in mid sentence. The teacher asked him if he was alright and he just nodded his head. For the rest of the day he didnt say a word. As I was leaving school, I saw the dork again and again said to myself Ok, you can talk now. I was near enough to hear him say that all of a sudden he couldnt talk
and now he could. It was then that I know I had changed. Over the next few months, I experiment to see what my limits were. I found that besides making people doing little things, I could slightly change the way people think. As for you, I make you respond to key words at the same time, I tweaked the way you thought about gays. Last night, I removed all my tinkering and this morning was a test. I must say you are one horny dude.

Now, I am. But after you raped me, I wasnt sure. I found that when I went to work, I had no desire for the woman I had been fantasizing about for a long time. I found myself wondering what all the mens cocks looked like. I felt sick and came home. All I could think about were cocks so I went down to the porn store sucked my first cock thru a glory hole. The next day, I was laid-off. I was so angry that I went back to the store looking to get laid. I wasnt sure whether I wanted to be the fuckee or the fucker. Then a high school kid was in the next booth and knew I wanted to be the fucker. I wanted to get even with you. I convinced him to share  my booth. I had him suck me off and  as I fucked him I pretended he was you. My orgasm was better that I had with any woman and knew I was hooked. For the rest of the week, I masterbated to the fantasy of sucking your cock. After last night, I realized that I love you not only as a son but as a lover.

Jacks expression changed from amazement to ya right.  I was not joking! You can have me suck your cock or fuck my ass anytime you want! Im your bitch! All you have to do is ask.

With that, I fell to my knees between his legs, moved the nylon, uncovering his cock and took him in my mouth. I sucked him lovingly. With each stroke, I took him all the way down my throat.  He responded by stroking my hair. I love you too, dad.  I continued sucking for a few more minutes until he shot in my mouth. I kept sucking until he was completely soft. Without saying a word, I got up and left the room.

Comments/Suggestions welcome
tylerthane@yahoo.com
