House Party Fun with Husband and Friends
by darkertsx

Jessica woke up on her 25th birthday with a big smile on her face. It was going to be a fun day, and she was looking forward to celebrating it with her husband Travis and their close friends Andy, Seth, Smith, Bo, and Kyle. They had planned to have a house party that evening to celebrate her special day.

The living room was decorated with balloons, streamers, and a big banner that read "Happy Birthday, Jessica!".

As the day went on, Jessica was getting more and more excited about the party. She decided to wear her favorite grey sweatpants and a navy-blue Champion hoodie over her plain white cotton Hanes brand tee shirt, sock, and panties. She knew that it was going to be a casual evening with her friends, and she wanted to be comfortable. 

Jessica had grown up in California, but Her parents are from Guam.  She has Polynesian features with light brown skin, big brown eyes and a mouth full of big white teeth. At 115 pounds and at a height just over 5’1” Jessica stood more than a foot shorter than her husband and most of the guys who would be spending her birthday evening with her.  She was young, attractive, thin with some curves, but her body was not toned.  She greatly preferred smoking week and playing video games instead of going to the gym.  Her bold personality and pretty face stood out to most people.  She was naturally pretty, rarely wore make up.  

When the guests arrived, they started to have some drinks and play some beer pong. Jessica was having a great time, and she was the life of the party. As they continued to drink and play games, Jessica was getting rowdier and rowdier. She was very excited that the day was all about her, and she had plenty of party energy.

 

At one point, Andy was sitting on the couch, and Jessica playfully fell forward with her waist on his shoulder. He stood up with her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and everyone laughed at the sight. Her butt was right next to his face, and he couldn't resist smacking it. The guys all joined in and started giving her birthday spankings, and Jessica was loving the attention.

As soon as Andy smacked Jessica's butt, all eyes were on them. Some of the guys chuckled, while others looked uncomfortable. Andy tried to diffuse the situation by asking the group playfully, "So should we have a birthday spanking?"

 

The group erupted into laughter at Andy's suggestion. Jessica blushed even more, but she was also intrigued. She had heard of birthday spankings before, but she had never actually received one. Travis, sensing his wife's curiosity, said, "Sure, let's do it. But let's make it fair. Everyone gets to give Jessica one spank for each year she's been alive." 

Jessica blushed at the suggestion, but she was also feeling a little mischievous. "Sure, why not?" she replied, flashing a devilish grin.

 

The guys all cheered and gathered around Jessica, who was still perched on Andy's shoulder. Each guy took turns giving her a playful spanks on her round little butt, counting out loud as they went. Jessica laughed and squirmed, but she secretly enjoyed the attention.

After each person had gotten one or two spanks in, Andy had pinched and tugged at the fabric on the back of Jessica’s sweatpants, teasing as if he was going to pull them down to her knees. The guys were shocked by Jessica’s reaction to the idea of being pantsed. I seemed like she just though it would be funny and a silly prank she wouldn’t take offense to. Andy made eye contact with Travis, and Travis gestured for him to go ahead and give them a firm pull.

When Andy pulled her pants down a few inches exposing the top of her bright white undies, she didn’t scream, but rather she taunted the group from her compromised position "Come on, guys, you can do better than that!" Jessica teased.

.

Travis then walked up, and first pulled off each of her white crew socks individually.  Then made a bold move by grabbing the ankle-cuffs of her pants and yanked them all the way off of her.  As her sweats slid down her butt and off of her legs, her undies also slid about half way down her bottom.

Jessica gasped in surprise, but then burst out laughing. She was still perched on Andy's shoulder, her with have of her bar butt exposed for all to see.

 

Travis immediately saw that he had accidently exposed some of her buttcrack and quickly pulled her panties back up a loud snap of her Hanes-Her-Way waist band.  "Okay, okay, that's enough," Travis said, trying to reign in the situation. "Let's finish up the birthday spankings and call it a night."

Jessica was still laughing as she received the rest of her birthday spankings, her panty cover ass bouncing up and down over Andy's shoulder.

 

Jessica squealed and giggled with each swat, thoroughly enjoying the attention from letter these close guy friends not only see her intimates for the first time, but also touch them. Travis felt a little uneasy with the whole thing, but he didn't want to spoil Jessica's fun. He stood back and watched as the guys took turns spanking his wife's butt.

 

After the last spank, everyone cheered and high-fived each other. Jessica playfully adjusted her undies into place and rubbed her butt, pretending to be sore, but she was really enjoying the attention and the playful atmosphere.

As Jessica was still perched on Andy's shoulder, Kyle spoke up, reminding everyone of the wedgie incident from the summer before.

 

"Hey, remember when Jess gave me that wedgie and tore my swimsuit?" Kyle said, chuckling. "I still have that this “Free Wedgie” coupon you gave me, Jess."

 

Jessica blushed and laughed. "Oh, yeah. I totally forgot about that."

"You know, I think it's only fair that we use that coupon tonight," Kyle said, grinning.

 

Jessica's eyes widened, and Travis could see the apprehension on her face. He didn't like where this was headed.

 

"Actually, I don't think that's a good idea," Travis said, trying to intervene.

 

But it was too late. Kyle had already grabbed the coupon from his pocket and handed it to Andy.

 

"Come on, guys. Let's give Jess a wedgie!" Andy said, grinning.

 

Travis watched as Kyle pulled up on the waistband of Jessica's sweatpants, giving her a playful wedgie. He could see the laughter in Jessica's eyes, and he felt relieved that she was okay with it.

 

Everyone quickly gathered info a group picture before Kyle let go of the waistband. Jessica turned to the camera and flashed a thumbs up, smiling broadly as it the picture was snapped.

 

"Alright, who's next?" Jessica said, grinning mischievously. But no one stepped to take another pull.

After Kyle had released the grip on his hand full of Jessica’s unmentionables Andy set her down.

Jessica picked out the fabric from between her butt cheeks, but she didn't bother putting her sweatpants back on. She felt comfortable around her friends, and the alcohol in her system made her feel a little more carefree than usual.

 

Travis noticed that Jessica was walking around in just her hoodie and underwear, and his heart raced with a mix of excitement and concern. He loved seeing her so free and uninhibited, but he didn't want anything to happen that would make her feel uncomfortable or exposed.

 

"Hey, Jess, maybe you should put your pants back on," Travis said gently.

 

Jessica looked at him and smiled. "Why? It's my birthday, and I feel like being a little wild tonight," she said, swaying her hips a little.

 

Travis couldn't help but feel turned on by her words and her playful demeanor. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her close, kissing her deeply.

 

"Okay, but just be careful," Travis said, running his hands over her bare skin.

As Jessica squatted on the couch to open her presents. She had her corner of the couch, surrounded by piles of gifts on both sides. The guys watched as she opened each present, laughing and joking around. One of the gifts was different colored body paint, and she knew immediately that it was meant to be a gag gift, but she felt it was her chance to to take things to the next level. Being pained was something she had always wanted to try but never had the opportunity to do so. The guys in the group were more than happy to oblige her and all offered to paint her.

As she stood up on the couch and took off her hoodie, she felt a rush of excitement at the thought of being painted by her friends. She instructed them to paint her arms and legs first, knowing that she might decide to take off more clothing later.

 

 

The guys eagerly took turns painting her arms and legs with intricate designs and patterns. Jessica giggled and squirmed as the brushes tickled her skin, enjoying the attention and the thrill of the moment. Jessica became more and more comfortable with the idea of being fully body painted.

 

She was having a good time, and the alcohol had definitely lowered her inhibitions. She started to feel playful and mischievous, and she could tell that the guys were enjoying themselves too. They were laughing and joking around, and it was clear that they were all having a great time.

 

As more and more of her skin was covered in paint, Jessica started to feel like she wanted to take things further. She started to wonder what it would be like to be completely naked in front of all these guys. She knew it was a risky move, but she couldn't help but feel a thrill of excitement at the thought of it.

 

Finally, she made up her mind. With a mischievous smile on her face, she lifted her arms and took off her undershirt, revealing her perky breasts to the guys.  There was a moment of stunned silence as everyone took in the sight of her naked slightly saggy 34 C breasts for the first time, but then the room erupted into cheers and applause. Jessica gave her nips a quick pintch in and effort to make them look their most perky.

Travis, feeling a little possessive, wrapped his arms around her from behind, and whispered in her ear, "You look beautiful baby."

The boys were now eagerly applying paint to her torso, carefully detailing around her brown nipples, but painting around them. Jessica closed her eyes and leaned back into Travis, enjoying the sensation of the paintbrushes against her skin, and the warm breath of the boys on her back

 

As the boys worked on her, they began to joke around and laugh, making her feel even more relaxed and comfortable

After her torso was completed, Jessica considered taking off her panties. She looked around at the group and asked, "So, should I take off my whitey tighties too?" The guys exchanged looks and giggles, clearly taken aback by her boldness. "Are you sure?" asked Seth, his eyes widening.

 

Jessica shrugged. "Why not? It's my birthday after all," she replied, a mischievous glint in her eye.

 

The guys cheered and egging her on. Travis looked at her with a smirk and nodded his head, giving her his silent approval.

Jessica slowly slid her panties down her legs and kicked them off, leaving her now completely naked.

Jessica picked up her panties from the floor and playfully put them over Travis's head knowing that he loved her panties, and it made him crazy feeling the soft Cotton from Jessicas most intimate item of clothing on his face.

 

The boys eagerly took on the task of painting the final areas of Jessica's body. She turned around to face the couch, bent over slightly reached back and just slightly pulling her coco-butter cheeks apart, momentarily revealing her butt-hole and just a peak  of her pussy lips. The boys paused, momentarily stunned with shock and arousal, before Travis stepped forward with the paintbrush to finish the job.

 

After he dipped the brush into the paint and lightly traced along the curves of Jessica's bottom. As he worked, the other boys chimed in with jokes and comments, causing Jessica to laugh and wiggle her hips playfully

 

As the painting came to a close, Jessica struck a few playful poses, showing off her new body art. The boys cheered and complimented her, admiring their handiwork. Jessica giggled and flirted with them, enjoying the attention and the excitement of the evening. As the night went on, Jessica was the center of attention, and she loved every minute of it

As the night went on and the party continued, Jessica became the life of the party. She danced with the guys, played games, and even did some karaoke. By the end of the night, she was completely covered in body paint and had stripped down butt naked.
