The last window went dark in the Usana co-op, plunging it into darkness. I'd been waiting for this to happen all night. From the last few days of casing the joint, I knew that all the girls who lived in Usana went to bed at the same time: 10 PM on the dot. Almost exactly on the hour, every single night. My hunch was just that they were pretty strict about noise, and didn't want to make it easy for people to move around.
Usana's reasons for being so punctual didn't matter to me. All I cared about was knowing exactly when it was my time to strike.
Earlier that evening, I'd told the pledge master of Delta Sigma Sigma everything about my plan. DSS had a history of hazing pledges in very creative ways. They weren't looking to embarrass or humiliate anyone new. Other sisterhoods got in trouble for their initiation rites all the time. DSS had quite a different approach: pledges needed to prove their exceptional talents in some unique way. It couldn't be something lame like cooking or sports, either. It needed to be something that set you apart, that no one else at Delta Sigma Sigma could do.
The pledge master addressed me directly: "Pledge Lucinda, how do you plan on proving your talents?"
My skills? I was stealthy and sneaky. Better than any ninja! But you'd never see me.
I explained my strategy to her in confidence. Before I got into the details, she had to promise not to tell anyone what I planned on doing. No amount of secrecy would get the job done if she just blabbed to someone in Usana.
Nothing was left out of my plan. I was gonna find my way into Usana, take a picture of me inside, and get back out before there was even a chance for me to let out a peep. But it wasn't just gonna be a casual selfie in some random hallway. No, I was a thrill-seeker. There would be a selfie with the head of the house, and then I'd be a sister of DSS!
This wouldn't be the first time I'd broken into a house, and it wasn't gonna be the last. Slipping in and out of rooms like a ghost was easy for me!
The hardest part was figuring out how to get in. Floor plans were available on Usana's website, and there were loads of pictures of the inside from social media. I'd memorized the most optimal route, plus a few detours for safekeeping. Satellite photos told me all I needed to know about the roof: almost entirely slanted, but there was a single door at the top of one of the building's old Gothic towers.
I sat on the small porch that surrounded this door, searching my belt for the right tools that would get me through. Climbing the building had been no problem. I knew exactly where I was going!
An old newspaper clipping showed the building under construction, revealing a spiral staircase just beyond the entryway. Having found my lockpicking kit, I got to work on the door...
Only to find it completely unlocked!
When I was planning everything out over the past few nights, I had been worried about how difficult this was gonna be. But an open door foretold a smooth path to the grand prize. With a slow hand, I pulled the door outward and looked through it. Lo and behold, my eyes squinted at the twisting metal of a spiral staircase.
I slid my body through the crack in the door and positioned myself at the top of the staircase. My fingers went on autopilot, finding the bolt that would lock the door behind me. I decided to leave it open: the bolt could be loud, and it could be louder than it looked.
As my eyes got used to the blackness, my ears picked up on strange sounds coming from the house below me. Squishing, wet noises, like someone using a sponge, or walking through a lot of mud. Except this sponge sounded much bigger and denser than some cheap kitchen tool, and the mud was everywhere. Even stranger, these sounds didn't match up with footsteps or people walking around. It almost sounded like something was...slithering. Sliding.
My plan relied on me not being seen or heard, and not having to deal with creepy snakes. I'd barely made it inside, and I was already starting to feel anxious.
Doubts flew through my mind, and I strongly considered abandoning the mission. Whatever rush of adrenaline had tantalized me...It wasn't worth the risk of this wild biology experiment that waited for me below. I hated the idea of having to find another house to break into, but at least they wouldn't creep me out.
And then I heard the moan. It was a single, sharp scream, kind of like a yelp, that was over as soon as it started. My cheeks blushed red upon recognizing the cry. Some lucky girl had just had an orgasm. It had been a big one, not some little pleasure pop.
Now what? Something was going on down there. My curiosity grappled with my sanity, and the need to know what was happening fought with my fear. No one had warned me about some creepy orgy happening in Usana.
I took a deep breath and reached my hand out for the railing. Fortunately, it was dry, and not covered with snakes. My fingers slowly glided along the railing as I descended the staircase, which was dry under my feet. But the squishing noises and moaning only got louder...More intense.
I'd only ever heard acted, exaggerated screams from girls in porn videos. Fake or not, those girls looked like they were having fun. Whoever was below me was getting more action than any porn actress I'd jilled to.
As I looked down the spiral, the lights and sounds of Usana intensified. I heard more sounds, more moaning and squishing. It also felt way warmer down here than it did at the top of the tower. I figured it would be hotter higher up in the building, especially where there was no way for air to leave.
Sweat was starting to drip down my skin, making my face itchy. What the eff was going on here? My curiosity was dangerously getting in the way of my survival skills. I HAD to know more if only to tell everyone else on campus.
As I came to the exit of the staircase, I felt my grip on the handrail become more damp, like I was holding a wet towel. Looking to my left, I found that my hand was clutching tightly onto a dark red tendril, pulsing under my grip.
Before I could let out a scream, my hand shot up to cover my mouth, killing any noise I would have made out loud. Stupid! Not only was I risking my cover, but now that liquid was near my face. What if I accidentally drank some of it?
My fears were realized as I registered a strong odor coming off my hand, pushing out anything else I might have smelled down here. I yanked my hand away and tried to rub whatever this stuff was onto my pants, desperate to get it off me!
I'd had enough. Whatever freakshow was happening down here, I wanted no part of it. All the alarm bells were going off in my head. Screw the sorority, this place had been taken over by aliens! I cared more about saving my ass than my ego.
As I turned around to leave, my foot took one step before slipping on a slimy floor. My arms thrust out in front of me, trying to break my fall, but they failed to grab onto anything stable. I squeezed my eyes shut and braced for the fall, trying to curl up into a ball to avoid getting any of the goop on me. I tumbled down the remaining flights of stairs, splashing in the moistness of this madhouse.
After a frantic few moments, I finally came to a stop in a puddle. My face was half-submerged in the slime, and I frantically pushed myself up and out of the mess. With trembling fingers, I did a quick check of my body and gear to make sure that everything was still in working order.
Good news: I'd made it inside and in one piece!
Bad news: That staircase had become a giant ramp, with no way for me to get back up it. The steps I'd walked down were gone, replaced with countless tentacles that floated around above me. Some of them squirmed, doing little dances above my head. I just stared up in fear, unable to do anything at all.
Screaming would only bring attention to me. That was the last thing I needed. I'd likely already caused enough of a disturbance. My number one priority was getting out of this place. Forget finding the head of Usana, I'd done more than enough to earn a spot in DSS! All I needed to do was make it out of here alive.
I stood up and turned to look through an open doorway. It was my only option: I had to go forward to go backward. As I focused on the details in front of me, more and more of those tentacles came into view. They covered every wall, every surface, and every inch of this place. What the actual fuck was going on here?
The floor plan of this place was still burned into my memory. It was hard to remember the details. My fear was battling my survival skills, although my anxiety should have instead been driving me to get out of here. All I had to do was get through the front door undetected. Easy! Hopefully.
Rushing to the opposite wall, I bent low to the ground and started to quietly execute my escape. This specific route, from the tower to the front door, had been one of my planned exit strategies in case something went super wrong. Like this.
My hands hovered above the ground, careful not to touch anything. Only my feet made contact with the floor, and only the tips of my toes at that. It was impossible not to make a "squish" sound on every step, but I did my best to minimize how big my steps were.
At this point, my autopilot had kicked in to get me out of here. There were a few close calls when someone almost spotted me, but I got away every time. I had a few alternate routes up my sleeve and could backtrack to course-correct when I needed to.
Their clothes...Most of them were wearing tentacles as outfits. The tendrils snaked around their necks like collars, coiling around massive breasts and sliding into their vaginas. Big ones ran down the crack of their asses, framing their huge butts. I only got the full picture in bits and pieces, since the element of stealth was still important. Yet it was getting harder not to ogle at them, appreciate their femininity, how obvious it was out in the open.
My biggest problem was that I was getting hot. Not just sweaty hot, but horny hot. Something was in the air, making its way through my nostrils. I felt edgy. My nipples strained against my tight outfit as I pushed through the haze. Dirty thoughts lingered in my head with every tentacle that I saw. It made me think of every girl I'd seen with their wide eyes and swaying hips. They were feeling something...exquisite. Rare. They didn't look freaked out at all by the aliens crawling over their skin. Every girl I evaded looked happy. Is that what this place was all about? Some sort of sex place?
At some point, it occurred to me that I was completely lost. I blinked rapidly to try and collect my thoughts, but jogging my memory only made my head hurt more. My skin was glistening with sweat, making my whole body feel uncomfortable. If this place was a jungle, I was working through the thickest part of it. Looking down my body, I saw dark patches near my crotch, tits, and legs.
My heart should have been pumping. In my mind, I was trying to race through all the possibilities of what could be happening. But I just wasn't fast enough to keep up with this place. Usana must have been one step ahead of me.
As I stood at an intersection and tried to get my bearings, a tentacle from the wall curled itself around my right breast.
My eyes widened in fear, but my instincts had become too bogged down to react. I saw my left hand reach up to the tentacle and curl its fingers around the tip. Though I wanted to yank it away from my body, my palm simply kept its grip around the tendril, allowing its ooze to soak another part of me.
Before I understood what was happening, I knew that the tentacles had gotten the best of me. They swirled around my legs, amplifying the heat burning in my loins. My bottom lip traveled far into my mouth, stifling a cry that would surely mean the end of me.
With all the willpower that was left, I tried to move one step at a time. Before I even got the chance to raise my foot past my kneecap, a fast tentacle twirled around my leg and collided with my butt.
That scream burst from my lips as soon as that damned tendril slapped my ass! Something broke inside of me, a powerful force that had been whittled away all night. I felt overwhelmed, defeated, and drained. Whatever sick game was going on here, I just wanted out. Let them find me and turn me into one of those...things. I didn't care!
I felt their arms hook around mine before I saw them. Did those slaves know I was here the whole time? Had they just been waiting for me to fuck up? Well...Usana got what they wanted in the end.
They picked me up and carried me by my arms. Little tentacles sprung off of them and held my legs together, keeping my lower body still. A few tendrils were still massaging me, playing with me, and keeping my mind from actually putting up a fight.
My eyes felt like they were getting heavier. A massive blanket seemed to curl around my consciousness. I was having trouble seeing where we were going. Not that I would have known where I was being taken, anyway. And there was no way that I could've put up a fight, with my arms and legs tied up like this. I was just a passenger heading towards my final destination.
I had a moment of clarity as I was placed flat on the ground, countless smaller tentacles crawling beneath me. My eyelids were half-closed, and I couldn't even move an inch. My prone form did nothing as my clothes and gear were taken away, slid, and unbuckled from me slowly. Did they want me to enjoy this?
Well...I was. I couldn't help but sigh in relief when I felt my belt loosen. Wow, had it been tight. Now it was gone.
I should've been freaking out, but I didn't want to. Couldn't muster up the energy to question why it was happening. So I just relaxed.
Then my pants, underwear, and socks all gave way at the same time. Warm air tickled my cunt, and I tried to stretch out to expose myself even more. Strong tentacles stopped me along the way and removed whatever clothes remained from my upper body. As my tits became exposed, little feelers began to tickle my nipples and the skin under my boobs. I felt good. REALLY good. Too good? Was there such a thing? I couldn't say or do anything. I just...existed at that moment.
There were words in the background, but I couldn't hear them. Was someone talking to me? Or saying something about what they were seeing? Probably going through all my survival gear, seeing what I'd brought, and picking through the valuable stuff. No way I could have paid any attention to them when I was being smothered with tentacles. Held by them. Caressed...
I became aware of a face right in front of mine. When had I moved? She had a pretty face. Her eyes beamed a huge grin just below them. Purple eyes. That wasn't normal. But those eyes held me in place, kept my glassy gaze trained on her.
But she looked so happy to see me. Like she'd been staying up late just to welcome me. Did these people know I'd been coming the whole time?
"You are special." Those words came through loud and clear. "Remarkably talented. Strong-willed. Determined. You'd make a wonderful part of Usana."
There should have been a blush on my cheeks. But instead, there was just a stare, my jaw hanging a little open as I looked into this gorgeous woman's endless eyes. She had a look of sympathy like she was thinking about a beloved pet.
"But your body is equally as important as your mind. You are special there, too." She raised a hand, and dozens of tiny vines tickled the surface of my cunt. They didn't go any deeper, but their effect on me was instant as I bucked and moaned again. It was a powerful, visceral sensation. Nothing had ever made me feel like this before...This kind of pleasure and peace.
"You are exactly what we need. You have the honor of becoming one with Usana."
Her face pressed tightly against my moaning lips, pulling me into a kiss.
Amina. A name. Her name. It just appeared in my head. She never even said it, but I knew that she was the...mother of Usana. Amina would be my mom, too.
She was so warm. Her grip on the back of my head was like fire on my skin. The flames ignited everything in my mind, pushing me into her kiss. Feeling Amina's tongue on mine! Our mouths danced as my body moved again, helpless to the puppetmaster playing with my strings. I couldn't tell where I was going, since my eyes were locked on Amina's.
Something thick started to rub against my pussy, spreading the strands of wetness in between my thighs. I jerked my hips around, trying to massage more of it onto my skin. Something was playing around down there. It was an untamed wilderness: no one and nothing had ever filled my pussy. Was that why she thought I was special?
Well, I wasn't gonna be special for too much longer. Amina let me look at the huge dick-tentacle that was gonna be planted in my snatch. She held it up in front of my face for me to gaze at it. White liquid began to drip along the shaft, matching the slow trickle of saliva that began to leave my mouth. It smelled...amazing.
"You're going to be perfect," someone said. I felt the words in my head, rather than hearing them. "Are you ready?"
Was I ready for this? I hadn't anticipated getting my brains fucked out tonight, but who was I to say no? My body was ready for this.
Amina kissed me on the forehead. And then slid Usana right into my pussy, driving it deep into my core.
Nothing had ever filled me this way! No, nothing had ever filled me at all. Should this hurt? It didn't! I felt better than ever! The tentacle slid deep into my pussy, pushing through my tightness. My legs were spread far apart, allowing anyone to see just how wet I was.
Let them look! I wanted everyone to celebrate what was happening to me! It was AMAZING!
My hips bucked wildly, trying to sink more of the tendril into me, but my body was being held firmly in place. I couldn't understand why...Let me have more of it!
Then I felt it. Another huge tentacle, sliding up my asshole. Plugging me up. The sensation was divine, bumps along the slimy limb send shocks throughout my nerves. The orgasms wouldn't stop. My moaning was constant. How could I fit such massive plugs inside me? What was left of my mind started to think about this problem...But I stopped caring after another orgasm blew it all away.
Something cool wrapped around my hips and butt. Some sort of underwear-looking thing was covering my crotch and ass, keeping those tentacles firmly locked in place. I could still feel them pushing in and out of me...
Amina was there again. This time, with an even bigger bundle of tentacles in her hands. I couldn't process what it looked like until she'd secured something around my neck. There was a tickling feeling as it crawled down my spine and under my armpits, and I shivered again. Was that an orgasm?
Lots of little feelers gripped my tits, kneading the flesh. Oh! Another pulse of heat blocked everything out of my mind again. I could only feel, not think.
Tentacles swarmed around my face. I felt a big tentacle slide down my throat and nose. My gag reflex was no problem for this invader. And it gave me fresh air where I needed it most...
I was on the floor now. Tentacles were playing all over me, sliding and twisting and massaging so much of my skin. The pleasure was unending, nonstop. I couldn't moan with the massive cock in my mouth, but I tried anyway...
My body started to float. I didn't feel anything lifting me again. No, I felt the warm density of some kind of gel lift my body higher. And higher. Before long, I was floating in a giant tube of thick liquid. Not water, it was heavy. Moving my hand through it took a lot of energy that I didn't have to give. My eyes worked, I was still breathing, and the tentacles were still trying to fuck my brains out.  
Someone was standing outside. I couldn't make out who it was. But I saw their smile. They blew me a kiss! Such a wonderful thing to do! With my last ounce of strength, I tried to do the same thing. In the end, it was like a half-wave of sorts. Hopefully, they saw me!
My eyelids grew heavy. I still felt like cumming more and more, but I felt exhausted. Could I orgasm while asleep? There was only one way to find out!