Floyd hadn't wanted to, but it was inevitable, and he looked away from Thomas before shaking his head and heading for the fridge. He was, rather suddenly, quite aware of Thomas' presence behind him, and the other man shut the door, pressing his hands against the freezer, trapping Floyd there. Thomas' hands were on either side of Floyd's head, seemingly unaware of the coolness of the metal beneath his palms. Floyd wasn't quite sure he wanted to turn around to look at Thomas, since he could feel the other man looking at him. Luckily, he was able to hold an outward reaction back, even as the look he could feel on him caused a thrill of pleasure down his spine. Thought it was quite likely that Thomas was going to tear him apart.

"Let me ask you something." Thomas said. His voice was quiet and controlled, belying no emotion other than a very vague sort of curiosity. Floyd wanted to look at him but couldn't find the morot skills to turn around and do so. He nodded his acquiescence. Thomas smiled predatorily. "Do you know why cats tend to latch on to people who aren't cat lovers?" Floyd blinked rapidly, unsure of what the question had to do with anything.

"Um… no, not really." Floyd responded after a moment. Thomas nodded a little, the smile on his lips widening just slightly.

"Staring a cat down is intimidating them, a peaceful bid for dominance that doesn't end in bloodshed. Cats will have staring contests and a submissive cat will look away. And because it's intimidating, the cat will go to the one person who doesn't stare at them. That's why they latch on to people who don't look at them." Thomas explained. Floyd frowned, drawing the comparison in his head. Anger flushed his cheeks and he bit back the first few responses that sprang to his tongue. Thomas chuckled, and then ducked in closer. His breath danced across Floyd's ear and the dark-haired man repressed the shudder that raced down his spine.

"I can only assume, Lawton…" Thomas' voice was low, breathy. Floyd wished he had something to grab on to as his fists clenched, blunt nails biting in to his palm. "That you want to submit to me. Or, at the very least, you want to submit to someone." Floyd shook his head 'no' emphatically. Thomas laughed, which caused the angry flush to darken, show on his ears, and the back of his neck. And he was fairly sure that Thomas noticed now. Especially with his mouth so close to his ear.

"Get away from me, Blake…" Floyd hissed out, the anger on his voice. Thomas laughed again in a manner which was doing nothing for Floyd's state of mind. Thomas moved his hands then, though, pushing off of the refrigerator and taking a step back. Floyd turned, fighting against the flush. Thomas was leaning on the counter, arms crossed over his chest, with a smug smile on his face.

"I am going to kill you." Floyd threatened, but his heart wasn't really in it. Thomas smiled some more and nodded a little. He walked back over to Floyd, the other man backing up against the fridge. He tried not to feel a bit worried, but he failed, as the feeling dropped in to the pit of his stomach.

"I don't doubt it. Someday." Thomas said with an expansive shrug. "Not today, though." He added, seemingly as an afterthought.

Floyd opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off as he felt Thomas' breath on his neck, followed by his teeth. Floyd made a rather undignified squeaking sound and Thomas' teeth scraped along his neck again. In a quick movement, Thomas had Floyd's wrists pinned to the fridge and he bit down on his pulse. Floyd was positive he could feel the skin bruising beneath Thomas' teeth.

Floyd tried to twist his wrists out of Thomas' hands, but he wasn't trying very hard, and Thomas was too strong for that anyways. Thomas pulled back after a moment, that smirk back on his face. Floyd was confused, but couldn't find the words that he wanted to say. This time, it was Floyd's turn to run away from the rapidly spiraling out of control situation.

Floyd retreated back to the safety of his room, and noticed in the mirror where his neck was swollen, purple-red with a new bruise, right over his pulse. He dug his fingers in to the wood of the table the mirror was mounted on and gritted his teeth. He knew he shouldn't be affected like this, and he was trying to put it out of his mind. Put Thomas out of his mind. For a moment, Floyd considered going back to sleep, to just stop thinking about it.

It seemed like Thomas had other ideas, because not three minutes had passed before he let himself in to Floyd's room. Floyd was still standing at the mirror, and he was rather tempted to grab the nearest gun and just shoot. It'd be a lot simpler than dealing with anything, and it might make him feel better. Thomas shut the door behind him and moved across the room. Floyd moved away from him, backwards, until his knees hit the footboard.

"So timid all of a sudden…" Thomas mused, his brows arching as he studied Floyd. "You're acting like stalked prey, you started this…" Thomas said. He stepped forward. Floyd had nowhere else to go, and Thomas was in his personal space rather quickly. Thomas' hands went to Floyd's shoulders and he squeezed gently. Floyd wasn't quite sure which direction he should go in… fight or flight, or just giving in.

The sharpshooter didn't have any time to make a decision as Thomas' lips were on his in almost no time at all. Floyd wasn't sure how to classify everything that he was feeling, it ranged from something like fear and something like elation, and so many other things in between, he didn't know if he was enjoying himself or not.

It still felt wrong. Floyd brought his hands up to try and push Thomas away, but his hands settled over his chest. And those damnable scars which started this whole mess sprang in to his mind. Floyd's fingers tightened against Thomas' chest. And it seemed like the point of no return had been passed. Thomas was giving him a look… something strangely intense that hit him square in the chest, and made it feel like it was hard to breath.

Floyd fought against reaching up to touch his lips, his fingers stroking where Thomas' scars were through the cloth of his shirt. Thomas bit his lip a little and reached up to cup Floyd's face in his hand, stroking a thumb across his cheekbone, something oddly… tender amongst all of the other things. It didn't last long, though. Thomas pulled his hands away and placed them on Floyd's. Floyd let out an indignant and surprised sound as he was suddenly pushed down on to the bed, none too gently.

There wasn't any room for words as Thomas joined him in the bed, resuming their kiss. It was harder this time, where the gentleness had faded in to something like possessiveness, and Floyd found himself being treated to an intense sensation, a mix of pain and pleasure. Thomas moved sinuously down Floyd's body, kissing and biting in no real rhythm, but in a way that made Floyd squirm beneath him.

Thomas was not what Floyd would term as being gentle. Which was actually quite alright with him. Not that it made it any less good, but it was different, and maybe that was what made it more appealing. Not that he didn't enjoy the same-old dance, but this was thrilling in its own way. He was used to letting go of his control… but never in a way that was quite like this.

Thomas made incredibly short work of the clothing they'd been wearing, Floyd twisting to help him get the clothes off faster. They were only in the way, and he knew that better things would be happening as soon as that was out of the way.

Despite not being incredibly gentle, Thomas was attentive, and there was no inch of skin that was left unexplored, by teeth and lips and tongue. By fingers and palms and nails. It felt like Thomas was everywhere at once, and Floyd tried to process all of the sensations, but he wasn't sure he could even think that fast. His senses were overloaded, with familiar feelings of arousal and want, and unfamiliar ones like the roughness of Thomas' palms, and the scrape of stubble against sensitive skin.

Floyd wanted to return the favor, but his hands were batted away, and eventually pinned down to the bed to prevent further action. It was a delicious sort of agony for Floyd. His wrists were not happy with the weight being put on them, but the rest of his body was riding a wave of bliss, and soon it all muddled together and he barely felt the pain in his wrists.

Floyd was shaking a bit, anticipation and excitement making him feel jittery, and he needed a cigarette, but he couldn't exactly just ask Thomas to stop while he had one. Not that he wanted to anyways. When he was sure he couldn't take any more, when there felt like his blood was going to boil right out of his veins, Thomas let his arms go and slid up his body, kissing him again. It was firm, unrelenting, and Floyd couldn't help but make a desperate, somewhat needy sound in to the kiss. Thomas' eyes were dark when their gazes locked. Floyd rolled his wrist and got some feeling back in his hands, then reached over to the bedside table.

Thomas' eyes didn't leave Floyd's, the only reaction he even had was a hitching of his breath, and the fluttering of his eyelids as he closed them. Floyd's breathing had already taken a vacation from normalcy, and he reached to the bedside table again, this time, pressing the cool bottle of lube. Thomas didn't waste any more time than he needed.

Thomas warmed the clear gel in his hands, not wanting the shock of cold to bring Floyd out of the state he was in. There was something… good about seeing Floyd like that. With dark eyes and a slightly slackened jaw, and sweat beading across his skin.

He was gentle, pressing one finger in, slowly, pausing when Floyd made a sound of displeasure, until he got used to the sensation, and the pain that flashed there on his face ebbed away. Thomas was observant, still not looking away, as he slowly kept pushing his fingers in, stretching him out. When he'd gotten used to the first, he added another, still going slow, and taking special care not to hurt him.

The noises that Floyd made were going to drive Thomas insane though, it was making it a bit hard to concentrate on just what he was doing, and holding back from taking what he wanted. When Floyd's noises changed, from pleased to needy, wanting more than what he was giving, Thomas crooked his fingers a little, kept the sensations up, until Floyd's noises stopped sounding human. Thomas pulled his hands back, and then scooted backwards.

"Get on your knees." Thomas' voice was low and ragged, but left no room for argument. Floyd was moving to comply before he gave it much more thought, and Thomas was slicking himself up, with slow and steady strokes as he watched Floyd move. Thomas had to admit to enjoying the view. Floyd had a nice body, and he did look good on his hands and knees. Thomas' breath caught again and he shifted his own position. Bed dipping as he settled in behind Floyd.

"Just relax." Thomas soothed. One hand went to Floyd's hip, stroking along the bone there with his thumb, while the other went to guide himself inside of Floyd. The initial thrust was slow, careful, and allowed for Floyd to get used to the sensation. It was slow, and he could hear the little hitched sounds of something between pain and pleasure. When he was finally all the way in, he reached his hand around, still slicked up from before, and wrapped it around Floyd's arousal, squeezing gently and stroking, to get him through the initial discomforts.

It didn't take incredibly long after that, for Floyd to make a little sound, and squirm a bit backwards. Thomas shifted again, pressing his mouth to his back in a series of kisses and bites, a counter point to the slow and steady rhythm he set them at. Thomas pushed in deep and slow, pressing Floyd down against the bed.

Thomas started to quicken the pace, as Floyd's low moans started to become louder, vibrating through his body, and breaking the silence which before had only been the sound of skin sliding against skin, and the bed springs creaking beneath the two of them. The headboard knocked against the wall… and Thomas groaned quietly, moaning incoherently against Floyd's back as he bit him a bit harder, sucking kisses that left even more marks.

Floyd's fingers had curled in to the sheets, twisting them between his fingers, as the sensations crashed over him, and caused him to shudder beneath Thomas. He was by no means quiet, and didn't even have the will or want to muffle those sounds. It felt too good, and Floyd was pretty sure he was seeing spots before his eyes.

Thomas' hand around Floyd's erection sped up too, the thumb swiping over the tip, until that bit of concentration was too much to focus on with all of the other sensations. Thomas thrust faster and Floyd got louder, until the sound of their moans was louder than the relentless knocking against the wall. Thomas could feel the heat coiling in his groin, spreading out in general warmth along his body, until with a rather strangled moan, he pressed in deep and his body seized, tensed, as he felt his orgasm crash through him.

A few more strokes sent Floyd over the edge with a cry of Thomas' name that was most likely heard by everyone in residence in the House of Secrets. They both rode out the crest of their climax, and stayed like that until Floyd slumped almost bonelessly to the bed, and Thomas withdrew and rolled over, excusing himself to the bathroom.

Thomas showed a nicer side as he returned with a damp washcloth and cleaned Floyd up, before tossing the thing on the floor and crawl back in to the bed. He knew he should probably go back to his own room, but people were going to talk anyways, so it hardly mattered. Thomas pillowed his head on Floyd's arm, wrapping an arm around his waist, as he dozed off.

Floyd didn't notice until much later. Thomas was snoring softly beside him and Floyd had gotten up to have another cigarette. He caught a glimpse in the mirror of his chest… claw marks down the center, bruises where the bites had been placed… and realized Thomas had marked him now.