The Last Day of School

"Oh, you look so grown up with your gown and cap!" proclaimed Marie's mom as she fidgeted with the black wispy bangs that fell across Marie's face. 
 
Marie's looked at herself in the mirror, donned in her graduation gown and cap. She did look grown up, like someone ready to begin adulthood. She heard a knock on the door. Her friend Shelley burst through the house and ran up to Marie's room. 
 
"Marie, you look fantastic!" echoed Shelley, also donned in her graduation gear. "Tonight is going to be such a relief. We're finally done with high school!"
 
"I know, I can't wait," replied Marie. She felt bittersweet about the moment. On the one hand, it was a relief to be done with high school and its constraining rules and cliques. On the other hand, it was all she had known, and her next chapter was daunting and a bit scary. 
 
"I wonder what pranks people will pull tonight," laughed Shelley as she began to do her makeup in Marie's mirror. 
 
"Pranks?" asked Marie. 
 
"Yea, I bet some of the guys have something funny planned. At my brothers' graduation they had stink bombs and passed around an inflatable woman. I heard at Martinsville they released some live pigs. I even heard one time they had a streaker." 
 
"Streaker?" 
 
"Yea, you know, someone that runs around naked? I bet he didn't get his diploma though." 
 
The thought of a naked man running around graduation did amuse Marie a bit. But it also struck an odd nerve with her. The freedom to run around completely naked with all eyes watching you - it was a bit....arousing? Marie found this to be a very odd feeling she was experiencing. 
 
"You know what would be wild?" asked Shelley. 
 
"You're going to streak?" laughed Marie. 
 
"Oh god no, don't be stupid. My parents would kill me. But we could do the next best thing." 
 
"What's that?" 
 
"We could be naked under our robes! Ha! What a laugh that would be. No one would know it of course, except us. But at least we wouldn't get in trouble or anything." 
 
Marie looked down at her gown. Was it see-through at all? No, it was rather dark. Would anyone be able to tell she was naked? Marie had been such a conservative girl her whole life. Her strict Asian upbringing required it. She had always been demure and dressed in sweaters and long pants. But feelings of rebellion were beginning to stir in her now that the freedom of college loomed so near. 
 
"Ha, I'm just joking with you Marie, I don't think I could pose for pictures with my Nana naked under my gown. Gross!" 
 
Shelley finished up and turned to Marie. 
 
"Hey, I've gotta grab my cell phone and a few things at my house. I'll meet you outside and we can walk to graduation together? 
 
"Sure," replied Marie. 
 
Shelley left and Marie was left alone in her room. She looked at herself in the full length mirror. She was now curious what it would look like if she was naked underneath her gown. She slipped it off, then unzipped the summer dress she was wearing underneath. Her figure was very slim. She had always been envious of the more voluptuous, curvy girls in class. She removed her bra and threw it on her bed. Her breasts were small, but perky. She slipped off her panties and stood naked before her mirror. She imagined herself running naked through graduation, all eyes on her nude body. It sent a small chill up her spine, but in a good way. She heard a knock on her door. 
 
"Marie, are you almost ready? We want to take some pictures," shouted her mother. 
 
"Yea," replied Marie. She quickly draped the gown over her naked body. "Hmmm," she thought to herself. No one could tell she was naked at all. The dark gown completely hid what was behind it. Her heart was thumping hard though. It was exciting. It would be her little secret. 
 
She scurried downstairs and took pictures with her family, then met Shelley outside. The two girls began to walk to the high school. Marie felt the wind blow through her gown, and for a second, she thought perhaps the gust of wind had blown her gown up to expose her bare ass! But it was not the case. She imagined for a second, what it would be like to walk down the street completely naked in broad daylight. Now that would certainly not be conservative! The thought gave her a special tingle. She had never realized how arousing the idea of public nudity could be. 
 
They arrived at the high school and went through the graduation ceremony. Marie was to give the valedictorian speech and stepped up the podium. She had never had a problem with public speaking before and was confident in her ability. But midway through, she stopped and noticed all the eyes on her. She then became very self-aware that she was completely naked underneath the gown. What if a gust of wind blew her gown up? What if the gown ripped, and exposed her naked body? What if she voluntarily slipped the gown off and gave the speech nude, with all those eyes on her? Her breathing became heavy. She was nervous, but in a good way. She almost wanted to reach for that zipper. But no, this was reality, she couldn't dare. These thoughts of public nudity were like a gnat that kept pestering her. The crowd began to murmur. She quickly regained her composure and finished her speech. 
 
After the ceremony (where yes, some senior boys did set off fireworks as a prank), Marie went over to Shelley's where a bunch of girls got together for a graduation party.  
 
"That was a great speech Marie," smiled Shelley. 
 
"Thanks, I got a bit nervous there in the middle," replied Marie. 
 
"Well, you can always imagine people naked, that's what is supposed to help you in public speaking," laughed Shelley. 
 
"Well, what if YOU'RE the one naked?" smiled Marie mischievously. 
 
"What do you mean?" 
 
Marie looked around. They were in the backyard with people all around, but the party was beginning to thin out. Marie turned her back to the crowd, undid her zipper, and lowered her gown, exposing her pale white breasts to Shelley. 
 
"Marie! You didn't!" 
 
Marie laughed, "I did!" 
 
"I never thought you had it in you. Class Valedictorian and Class Nudist!" laughed Shelley. 
 
"Keep quiet, I wanted it to be my little secret." 
 
"Well, I'm proud of you. I don't know if I could have kept my composure like that. I would have about died!" said Shelley. 
 
The evening grew late, and Marie said her goodbyes to her friend Shelley. She began to walk back to her house, still dressed only in her graduation gown, but now with a party-sized sombrero on her head. She thought about her earlier walk to school and how she had thought about walking completely naked. It was late at night on a Sunday. There wasn't a soul stirring. Might she dare? 
 
She was feeling empowered and mischievous now. Her heart pumped as she slowly lowered the zipper to the middle of her belly. Her breasts were semi-exposed now as she walked down the street. The wind rustled through her gown and against her soft breasts. It was like someone caressing her. She lowered the zipper even further, now exposing her pussy, now wet with anticipation. She had never dared do anything remotely this wild. She saw headlights in the distance. She quickly covered as her heart thumped in her ears. The car passed without incident and Marie felt more aroused than ever. 
 
She quickly approached the school. It had been full just a few hours before, but now sat completely empty. She walked up to the front door and dropped the gown entirely, standing completely naked. She imagined what it would be like if it was a regular school day, with people bustling all around her, watching and gawking at her naked body. She slid to the ground and began to probe her wet pussy with her fingers. She imagined putting on a show for her classmates. Girls disgusted, but also a bit aroused by her depraved actions. Boys lusting after her, bulges in their jeans. Teachers horrified at the girl they thought was so conservative. She climaxed quickly with the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. 
 
Marie almost felt drunk after her orgasm, her head was spinning so much. She quickly composed herself and put her gown back on. She smiled and seemed to dance in her walk back home. She felt like the conservative Marie of high school was gone, and she was beginning a new chapter in her life in college. And these feelings of arousal over public nudity were not going to go away, and she rather liked that.


The long summer before college seemed interminable so to break up the monotony, Marie and Shelley decided to on a camping trip with their good friend Candace. The girls set out for the state park with some alcohol they had successful smuggled, and graham crackers and marshmallows for s'mores. 
 
The girls giggled as they recounted their days in high school, the good times they had, and looked longingly towards college. Shelley and Candace would both be going to the State University, but Marie was going far off to a small private college in the Northeast. It would be difficult to leave her friends behind, but Marie knew she had to pursue her academic goals. 
 
After many wine coolers, the fire began to die out and the girls decided to call it a night. They all retired to their tent to sleep it off. 
 
Before too long, Marie could hear the snores of Shelley, but found herself tossing and turning. She could not stop thinking about her amazing public nudity adventure at the school. She badly wanted to touch herself as she replayed the scene over and over again in her head, but she dared not with her two friends laying just inches from her.  
 
Marie decided to get out of the tent to get some fresh air. A swath of cool air hit her face as she exited the tent. She looked up at a star-filled sky and felt so insignificant and small in its vastness.  
 
All of those wine coolers were reaching her bladder. Marie wandered over to a group of trees for some privacy as she relieved herself. With her pants still around her ankles, she felt a cool breeze brush ever so gently against her bare skin and exposed pussy. It reminded her of her nude walk to the school the week before. She smiled mischievously. Again, it was late at night, everyone was asleep, and no one was around. This was the perfect opportunity to relive her public exposure. 
 
Marie pulled the shorts and panties over her sneakers and wandered deeper into the forest, bottomless. Another gust of wind gently graced her body as she pulled her t-shirt over head and unclasped the bra behind her back. She folded up all her clothes neatly (a silly force of habit) and lay them gently on a log about twenty feet from their campsite. She wandered deeper into the forest. 
 
Finally she came to a moonlight clearing and stood in the middle of green circle of plants. It was almost as if the ring of trees created a moon-lit spotlight on her naked body. She looked down at her naked body. She had goosebumps. Her breath was heavy. Her nipples were erect. Her hand slowly slid down from her breasts, her fingers lightly tracing her bare stomach, down to her wet pussy. This feeling of arousal had been building ever since she was tossing and turning in the tent. It had to be released. 
 
Marie moaned as her fingers began to pump furiously. She slid to the ground, and lay on the damp grass, the moon spotlighting the performance she was giving for all the forest creatures. She grabbed her breasts ravenously - it felt marvelous in the cool air. Quickly she climaxed, and she inadvertently let out a moan.  
 
She quickly caught herself. Had she been loud enough for the girls back at the campsite to hear her? Would someone else hear her and catch her? She was being paranoid. She quickly leapt to her feet and began to make her way back to her clothes. 
Marie could make out the embers of the dying fire she had helped light at the campsite, but she could not find the log with her clothes anywhere. She paced around and around the campsite, but nowhere could she find her clothes. She began to panic. What if someone had stolen her clothes? How would she explain herself to her friends?  
 
In her panic, she stepped on a loose log and caused it to tumble down the side of a steep hill, making a loud crash as it smashed into the side of a large rock. She then heard her friends exit the tent to see what had made the loud sound.  Marie crouched behind a shrub, covering herself as best she could. She knew she had no choice at his point but to ask for help. 
 
“Psssst. Psssst!”  
 
The girls looked around for a minute before Shelley pointed towards Marie. They both approached her, Marie still crouching naked behind the shrub.
 
“Marie, what are you doing? We thought we heard something and came out to see if it was an animal. Why are you crouching?” 
 
“I’m naked.” 
 
“What? Why?” 
 
Marie didn’t have a very good explanation. Because she wanted to? Because she was horny? She tried to think of a rational excuse but nothing came to mind. 
 
“I…I…lost my clothes.” 
 
“How? Are you okay?”  
 
Shelley rushed back and grabbed a sleeping bag from the tent and handed it to Marie who wrapped it around her naked body. 
“I don’t know how to explain this,” sighed Marie. 
 
“Just tell us the truth,” replied Candace. “You can tell us anything. You’ve known us for years.” 
 
Marie sighed again and bit her lip.  
 
“I am naked because I wanted to see what it would be like to walk around naked in the woods.” 
 
“Why?” asked Candace. 
 
“Because….it feels wonderful.” 
 
Shelley smiled. “That’s awesome Marie. I mean, sorry about your clothes and all, but I love seeing you so liberated and brave!” 
 
Marie smiled a bit.  
 
“Thanks, but I feel awfully foolish now.” 
 
“Well, would you feel better if we were all naked?” laughed Shelley as she whipped off her t-shirt.  
 
“What? You don’t have to do that,” said a confused Marie. 
 
“Nonsense,” Candace continued as she removed her shirt as well. “You said it was wonderful and I want to experience that too. Maybe it’s the wine coolers talking, but I want to be naked in the woods too.” 
 
Marie felt immense love for her friends and their willingness to support her. She was also quite stunned when Shelley dropped her pants and stood their naked as the day she was born in the moonlit campsite. 
 
“You’re right, this does feel quite wonderful,” smiled Shelley. 
 
Just then a few drops of rain began to fall on their naked bodies.  
 
“Ah, dancing naked in the rain. What could be more divine?” laughed Candace. 
 
Marie smiled and dropped the sleeping bag. She looked up at the rain drops piercing her goosebumped flesh. Her hands glided over her soft wet skin.  
 
“Boy, if the Park Ranger could see us now,” laughed Candace as she set up a camera for a picture. 
 
“Don’t take a picture!” said Marie. 
 
“We have to save it for posterity,” replied Candace. “We have to show our future granddaughters how hot we were back in the day. Say cheese!” 
 
Marie reluctantly flashed a peace sign as she stood naked in the rain. Her little naked secret was out, but she was grateful for the support of her friends. 
