Lake View

We love being outside in warm weather.  The lake is one of our favorite
places to be.  When the sun is out and the weather is warm, nothing is 
better.......unless I can turn on some guys at the same time. 

We always get out to the lake as soon as it is warm enough.  I work on
my tan in a tanning bed, but it can't match the feeling of lying out in 
the sun soaking up the rays.  This incident occurred last April.  We 
had gone to the lake and the campground was deserted.  I was wearing a 
bikini with a white cotton blouse over it.  We spread our blanket on 
the beach and layback to enjoy.  Between the empty campground, and us 
was a small bluff and many trees and bushes.  No one could see us from 
the land side unless they walked right up on us.  We would also be able 
to hear anyone driving into the campground.  There were a few boats 
running around, but no one walked by where we lay. 

As the sun's warmth baked into us, David got out the suntan lotion.  I
was lying on my stomach.  As he rubbed the lotion into my back and 
shoulders, relaxation flooded through my body.  I was beginning to doze 
off when he untied the top of my bikini.  That is normal.  I hate 
having tan lines.  After reaching the top of my bikini bottoms, he 
moved down and started rubbing the lotion into my calves.  It was 
wonderful.  As he worked his way up my thighs, I started to get a 
little turned on.  As his fingers reached the bottom of my bikini, he 
slid them inside the back as he made gentle circular motions with the 
lotion.  He started to tug on the suit.  I raised my ass slightly into 
the air allowing him to slide them down my legs and off my feet.  After 
all, no one had driven down to the campground where we lay on the 
beach. 

As I lay there nude, soaking up the glorious warmth of the Spring
sunshine, David resumed applying the lotion.  As he flexed and rubbed 
the lotion into my ass, I started to feel warmth increasing, other than 
that caused by the sun!  His fingers were slippery with the SPF 15.  I 
felt two fingers running up and down the crack of my ass as he slid 
them back and forth.  As he moved a little lower, I spread my legs 
slightly, making room for him to reach the target he was seeking. 

As his fingers rubbed repeatedly across the lips of my pussy, I felt the
juices running out of me to meet his hand.  Avoiding my clit, he slowly 
ran one finger into my waiting pussy.  After all of the massaging of 
the lotion, when his finger entered me, it was like an electric shock.  
As he eased a second finger into me, my back arched involuntarily as I 
raised my ass and angled my pussy to give him easier access. 

By now, my hips were pumping back to meet his hand.  My heart was
beating wildly and my breathing was getting faster.  Then, I felt his 
lotion covered thumb start probing at my asshole.  When I felt it slide 
up into me, my ass and pussy were both throbbing with the need for 
release.  As his thumb and fingers pumped in and out of me in unison, I 
felt my first orgasm of the day wash over me.  He could feel my ass and 
pussy grasping on his fingers as I came. 

As I came down from the orgasm, David eased his fingers out, leaned over
and kissed the back of my neck.  Shivers ran up and down my spine.  He 
knows that the back of my neck is one of my special places.  I rolled 
over and reached for his cock.  It was hard and throbbing.  We kissed 
deeply as I rubbed it from the outside of his suit. 

As I started to reach inside, we heard a boat approaching.  I covered up
quickly as he sat up to look for the boat.  It was a couple of older 
men slowly fishing their way down the bank.  As they approached us, I 
put on my white blouse beneath the blanket, but left off the bikini.  
We exchanged hellos as they moved on past us and around a rock outcrop. 


David and I looked at one another and laughed.  "They would really seen
a sight if they had been a couple of minutes earlier!" David remarked.  
I replied, "For sure!  My ass was up in the air right out in the open!  
I don't know if we should play anymore." 

We lay back on the blanket for a minute and just enjoyed the sun.  The
sun was getting a little warm.  I wanted to work on my tan, but first, 
I stood up and walked down into the cold crystal clear water to cool 
off.  I was still just wearing the white cotton blouse.  As I waded 
deeper, the cold water moved slowly up my body.  The cold made my 
nipples push out hard and sharp as needles.  I got waist deep, and then 
dipped slowly downward until the water reached my shoulders.  As I 
stood back up, the wet blouse clung to my body like a second skin.  
"God, you are so hot and sexy!" David gasped.  He had the camera out 
taking pictures. 

I smiled and posed as he took several shots.  Soon, I had my top open so
he could take pictures of my body exposed in the wet blouse.  I waded 
into water that wasn't quite as deep.  Now, the water only reached up 
to a couple of inches below my pussy.  David took a closeup of my red 
pussy hair as the water dripped from it. 

As I started to remove my blouse, we heard another boat coming, so I
eased back down into the water.  A ski boat came around the rocks.  It 
had four young men in it.  They all looked like they were in their late 
teens or early twenties.  They were probably students from the 
university.  They all had the hard bodies and cocky good looks of so 
many boys of that age.  They could see my head and shoulders projecting 
from the water.  They could not see David since he was still on shore 
and screened by some bushes. 

The guy at the wheel cut the motor back and they skimmed slowly across
the water toward me.  The boldest of the group called out, "Hey Baby!  
Taking a cold swim?"  I just smiled back and said, "Sure.  I have been 
waiting months for it to get warm enough to take a dip." 

Since David had remained out of sight, I knew he was listening and
taking more pictures. 

As the boat coasted to a stop, it was about ten feet from me.  One of
the others asked, "Want to go for a ride?"  I smiled and shook my head. 
 The first one joined back in with, "Oh come on.  We won't bite.  Not 
very hard anyway."  They all laughed.  They seemed to think the old 
comment was the hilarious. 

Once again, I just shook my head.  The self appointed leader of the
group asked, "We promise to bring you right back."  I replied, "I 
can't."  One of the others eyes got really big.  He said, "Hey, guys, I 
think I know why she is being shy.  It looks like she just has that 
shirt on!"  They all quickly looked down into the water.  They could 
see that I was holding the sides of the blouse together in front. 

I looked at them and thought about how turned on I was getting.  There I
was, naked except for a transparent white blouse, with four hard bodied 
young hunks looking at me.  Slowly, I rose from the water.  I heard 
them gasp as they saw my hard nipples straining at the transparent 
material.  I stopped with the water at my waist. 

The boys were getting loud and rowdy now.  There were several loud
whistles.  There were also voices imploring me to stand all of the way 
up.  "Come on baby, show us all of your hot body!"  "Show us that sweet 
pussy gorgeous!" 

I slowly started to open my blouse.  As the edges caught on my hard
nipples, I stopped.  They could see my flat belly and the round curve 
of my breasts.  The blouse was just barely covering my nipples.  The 
tail of the blouse was floating above my pussy, keeping it invisible.  
All four of the boys were leaning over the side of the boat.  Their 
eyes were popping out of their heads. 

I could see distinct bulges forming in the front of their shorts. 
Looking up with a wicked little smile, I said, "Show me yours and I 
will show you mine."  The boys looked at one another for a moment.  
Then, one of them grabbed at the zipper of his shorts.  In a rush, all 
of them quickly lowered their pants.  I was now looking at four very 
hard cocks.  Each of them was jutting out from their bodies like 
flagpoles. 

Their eyes were fixed on my body as inch by inch, I rose from the water.
 Watching them intently, I slowly pulled my blouse the rest of the way 
of of my breasts.  My nipples were throbbing as the four pairs of young 
eyes devoured them.  I reached up with my long nails and pulled gently 
on my right nipple.  I twisted it as I saw the boys staring at me with 
open mouths and hard throbbing cocks. 

They watched in total silence as I reached down and opened the bottom of
my blouse.  This brought my red pussy into view for them.  One of the 
boys reached down and started stroking his cock.  Turning my back to 
them, I leaned forward, letting them see my ass and presenting my pussy 
toward them. 

Looking over my shoulder, I saw two of the boys start to climb out of
the boat.  Quickly I said, "No, No!  If you get out of the boat I am 
leaving."  The boys quickly stopped at looked at me.  I reached between 
my legs and slowly slid a finger up and down between my pussy lips.  
"Wouldn't you rather watch me from the boat instead of watching me 
leave?"  There was a chorus of agreement from the boys. 

"Well, if you promise to stay in the boat and be good, I will let you
watch me play."  The boys eagerly agreed.  Watching them over my 
shoulder, I slid the blouse off and tossed it up on the bank.  I was 
now totally nude.  Holding my arm across my breasts, I turned toward 
them.  I let my arm drift down until I was standing facing them, 
totally exposed to their hungry eyes.  Suddenly, I saw cum shooting 
from one of their cocks.  The streams of cum arched out toward me 
across the water.  I watched as the creamy white liquid splashed into 
the lake.  The boy had cum just from looking at me.  But, you know how 
some young men are, his cock still did not go down all of the way.  
This gave me an idea. 

I lightly ran the fingers of my right hand across my belly.  I moved it
slowly downward until it was caressing the hair above my pussy.  With a 
soft smile, I asked them, "Do you want to see me play with myself?"  
There was an immediate harmony of positive responses.  I told them in 
my sexiest voice, "I will play, but you have to play with yourselves 
too."  Three of them immediately reached down and started caressing 
their cocks.  The fourth looked at his friends and then took his cock 
in hand.  I watched for  a minute.  The boy who had already cum, was 
rock hard again. 

I raised my left hand and started pulling and twisting on my nipple.  I
slid my right hand down lower and lower.  As they pulled on their 
cocks, I slid my middle finger across my clit and down along my pussy.  
Gently I rubbed myself as I watched the boys frantically pulling on 
their cocks. 

My knees were getting weak as I could feel my orgasm building.  Moving
to my left a few steps, I leaned back against a rock and propped my 
left foot on another rock.  This opened my pussy up to their eyes as 
well as my fingers.  I saw one of them shooting his cum as he watched 
me insert a finger into my pussy. 

My head fell back as I started working my pussy quickly.  I felt the
explosion building within me as the boys watched me with wild lust in 
their eyes.  Working my fingers frantically across my clit, I exploded 
in orgasm.  My cries of ecstasy carrying across the water to the boys 
on the boat. 

I think all of the boys had cum while watching me.  But, I was not
through.  All four of the boys were still hard and frantically stroking 
their big young cocks.  Wading out to the boat, I was waist deep again. 
 Looking them in the eyes, I pulled on my nipples as I told them, "Cum 
on me!  Shoot your hot cum on my tits!" 

Tilting my head back, I watched as they crowed together at the side of
the boat.  Pulling and twisting on my nipples, I begged them, "Cum for 
me. Cover me with your hot sweet cum!"  Suddenly one of the boys 
groaned as his cum flew out of his cock.  The first stream hit me on 
the shoulder.  The hot cum seemed to burn into my skin.  As he shot his 
second stream onto my tits, two of the other boys exploded.  I was in 
heaven as two hot blasts of cum covered my nipples.  I was getting 
close to another orgasm.  The last boy was directly in front of me.  
His cock was huge.  I watched as he frantically pulled on it.  Taking 
another step forward, I was touching the side of the boat.  His cock 
was less than a foot away.  I watched as his orgasm burst through his 
huge cock.  The first stream hit me on the chin.  Quickly opening my 
mouth, the second layered my tongue with his hot, salty, sweet cum.  I 
stood there receiving his load.  It seemed like he came forever. 

Looking up at the boys, I reached down my with finger and scraped their
cum off my tits.  Their eyes blazed as the watched me suck each and 
every drop from my fingers. 

Without another word, I backed away from the boat.  As I reached the
beach, I turned and walked into the bushes.  Grabbing David's hard 
cock, I pulled him with me deeper into the rocks.  I told him, "I need 
your cock in me right now!"  He eagerly followed me.
 