Sir Raj vs. the Dragon.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 6 (Mf, interr, mc, nc, impreg?, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Persi messaged Johanna later in the afternoon about sleeping over again, but it had been so awkward that morning that Johanna said no.

*Can I sleep over there?* Persi sent.

Johanna didn't know why Persi was so insistent, but she had her own problems. *Sorry no* Then she turned her phone off.

The slim brunette lay back on her bed and caressed her stomach. Deep inside her, she knew that the sperm of the man from the library was swimming into the most vulnerable depths of her body. She didn't have a very dependable period, but she figured this week was probably the worst for what had happened. Should she tell her mom and go get a morning after pill, she wondered?

She realized that her pussy was throbbing. She pulled up her skirt and pulled down her panties to see. Her pussy lips were engorged and red, her clitoris prominent. She was incredibly turned on! "Oh wow..." she moaned, and moved her fingers to her clit.

One finger dipped into her pussy as her other hand thrummed her clit. Her finger didn't hurt her! She pushed two inside her, as deep as she could. She could feel the semen that hadn't dripped out earlier lubricating her fingers...sperm...in me...sperm...in me...her mind whirled. Three fingers now, slipping between her puffy pussy lips...

"Uh-uhggg!" she gasped as she came. Her hips rose up as pleasure exploded within her at the thought that she might get pregnant from some man she didn't even know.

As she collapsed back to the bed and lay there, she decided that she wasn't going to tell her mother after all; she would be so disappointed. It's not like people got pregnant every time they had sex, she figured, and how many did from their first time? It was probably fine.

---

Persi was on tenterhooks all evening, glancing at Raj during dinner. She didn't trust herself around him, or him around her. She had tried to convince Johanna to stay over again, or to allow Persi to stay over at her place, but now she was stuck at home, with him!

She considered saying something to her mom, but then everything that had happened with Johanna would come out, and also Persi would be responsible for breaking up her mother's relationship. She didn't know what to do, and her pussy wasn't helping, leaking her own juices as her mind pondered what could happen after they all went to bed. She had to change her panties twice that evening! When she went to bed, she didn't even bother to put another pair on; there seemed no point. She also decided to sleep naked.

In a last-ditch attempt at resistance, though, she pushed her chest of drawers in front of her door.

---

That night, Persi's door bumped into that chest of drawers, waking her. The athletic blonde had been having a dream where what had happened the previous night was happening again, except it had been Johanna directing Raj into raping and inseminating a sleeping Persi. She pulled her sheets up, listening.

She heard another thunk, and then the sound of something heavy being slid along the carpet. She moaned in despair as she realized that the chest of drawers had been pushed far enough so that Raj could step into her room, and heard him close the door behind him.

"I have vanquished the furniture dragon, pretty Princess Persi, and will now awaken you with a kiss."

Despite the danger, she giggled at his silliness. Then Raj turned on her side table lamp, sat on the edge of her bed, and pulled at her covers.

"No..." she moaned, but he was too strong, and soon she felt the cool night air on her naked body. She cursed herself...why hadn't she worn clothes to bed?

Then he was kissing her. All the concerns flew out of her head, and she relaxed back onto her pillow. Raj was actually a pretty good kisser, she realized. Her body was so hot...

She tensed up as she felt his hand go between her legs. "No..." she murmured again.

"Hm...let us try this," he said, and pulled on her hands until she was out of her bed and standing next to it. He then turned her around and then sat her down in his lap, her back to his warm chest. She felt something hard between her legs and looked down, but relaxed when she found that it was the base of his cock pressing against her pussy lips, not the head. He put his hands on her boyish hips and pressed his lips to the back of her neck, making her shiver.

"Look at it...is it not like you have your own penis down there?"

She looked down, and it did seem like there was a dark penis jutting out from between her own legs. She giggled again.

"Reach down and play with your penis, Persi. It will not hurt you."

Wonderingly, she did so, taking Raj's hard cock in hand and slowly stroking it, marveling at how the skin slid along the shaft. The flesh was soft but the penis itself was so very hard...

She heard him sniffle a little. "Yes, that feels good. Slide your hand all the way down."

As she did that, her wrist bumped her engorged clitoris, making her gasp. Soon she was rolling her hips, trying to achieve greater friction along her clit and vaginal lips from his shaft.

"Stroke the cock with your pretty pussy, Persi."

She angled Raj's cock forward and did just that, gripping the top of his shaft with her engorged labia. Her clit dragged along his cock as she slid forward and back along it.

Suddenly, Raj wrapped his hands around her midsection and lifted her up. She felt the head of his cock nestle itself into the opening of her very wet vagina.

"Put your feet on my knees...yes...now you are in control, Persi. Does it not feel good?" His hands moved to her firm buttocks, holding her in that splayed position.

She had to admit that it did feel really good, with the flared head of his cock between her labia. Her pussy felt empty with it just sitting there, barely inside her. She rolled her hips a little, and she felt it dip a little more inside before it slipped out and bounced off of her clit. She gasped and quickly moved back so that it pushed inside her a little again. "Mmm..." she moaned.

She hadn't noticed that Raj had reduced the effort he was putting into holding her up, and when she rolled her hips again, a couple inches of his cock slipped inside her extremely lubricated vagina. "Oh," she gasped. That felt incredible! She tried to pull off a bit -- just a bit -- but found that she didn't have the strength. Her overheated pussy accepted another couple of inches of him.

"Just let go...it will feel so good..." he whispered into her ear.

So she did. She stopped holding herself up and dropped her legs to either side of his. His 7-incher slipped all the way inside her. "Ohh..." she moaned, feeling full.

He wrapped his arms around her again, this time massaging her small breasts. She gasped, the combination of that and being stuffed with cock overwhelming her good sense. She started to roll her hips again, causing his cock to shift within her, rubbing along unfamiliar places that gave her new, pleasurable feelings.

"Yes, pretty Persi," Raj whispered as he continued to massage her boobs, "just like that. Move up and down too."

She pushed up a bit with her legs, causing his cock to slide out of her a couple of inches. Then she slipped back down all the way, and the impact reverberated through her clit. Then she did it again, and again.

"Mm, wonderful..." he whispered, kissing behind her ear and making her moan. He continued to squeeze her small breasts as she moved faster upon his cock. "These will grow, you know." He gave her breasts an extra hard squeeze, making her gasp.

"Gr...grow?"

"Yes, my sister's grew 2 cup sizes when she had her first baby."

Persi frowned, but didn't stop her movements upon him. "Baby?"

One hand moved from her breast to caress her firm tummy. "Our child will grow here, pretty Persi. Your body will change, your breasts will fill with milk. Your hips will widen." He moved his hands to her hips as if to accentuate his point, and then he leaned back and used that leverage to pull her backward so that her feet were no longer on the ground.

"Wait..." she moaned, realizing that something was wrong. She was no longer in charge.

He returned one hand to her clit and the other to one of her breasts.

She gasped. Her orgasm was close. Why couldn't she think? She did want larger breasts, she mused. No, that wasn't important now! She felt him thrusting up into her, his cock so hard...was it getting bigger? Wait, bigger meant...did that mean...?

"Uragghh!" he grunted in her ear as he thrust hard, his orgasm cresting.

"Wait..." she gasped, far too late and without sufficient leverage to do anything about what was about to happen.

Deep inside her overheated vagina, Raj's cock bounced off of the blonde teen's cervix and then began to hose her insides with his dangerous sperm. As her body was filled with his hot seed, her own orgasm exploded from there, overwhelming her in its intensity. "Ohhhaaaaghhh! Oh! Ohh!" Her back arched in pleasure as her fertile insides became awash with spurt after spurt of her mother's boyfriend's potent seed. As the tip of his cock again delved into her depths, her cervix spasmed open just as his member loosed another volley of his virile swimmers straight into her womb, where they began their instinctive quest to impregnate the overwhelmed teenager.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)