The man on the stage had a twinkle in black black eyes as the music started, the lead guitar setting the rhythm and the drummer having to keep up, he waved his microphone as behind him the words started to scroll across the screen. He tapped his right leg in time to the beat as his black black hair caught the stage lights "living with my eyes closed, going day to day," the women in the audience immediately got to their feet, the man had a fair voice but he knew this song and there was something about him that was like liquid sex, he had a smile like a promise of something dirty, rough and worth it. "I never knew the difference i never cared either way, looking for a reason, searching for a sign, reaching out with both hands, gotta feel the kick inside."
At the back of the bar two men sat holding beers, their expressions bored, one of them wringing the neck of the bottle as the other picked at the label.

The man on the stage was snake hipped and lascivious, a wet dream from someone's music video in black jeans and plain tee, a gold amulet banging on his chest as he danced was encouraging the audience to sing along with him and all the girls were more than happy to do so. "And I believe there comes a time, when everythign just falls in line, we live and learn by our mistakes the deepest cuts are healed by faith."

At his booth Dean laughed to himself and Castiel tilted his head, "you know, Hotstuff up there won't do anything with them."

"No," Castiel agreed, "but he is enjoying himself." That was fond as their third strutted like a peacock on the stage for the women to scream at - in a karaoke bar of all places.

"He does enjoy the attention, that's true." Dean smiled then called over another beer.

"Three," he gave her a shark's grin. "Hotstuff will want one when he comes down. If he comes down off the stage."

The woman smiled and pocketed the notebook she had held, "oh he can stay there all night if he wants to." She sighed.

"No, he cannot," Castiel said bluntly, "one more song and then I will have to take him home."

"Oh," the waitress smiled, "are you Roy's brothers?"

Dean's eyes went dark, almost as black as Roy's own. "No," he said bluntly. "He'll come back all fired up," Dean continued, naming the song Roy was singing deliberately.

The girl's look was instantly hopeful.

Castiel was the one to break it to her, "you misunderstand," he said calmly, "Roy is, he likes to be watched by the ladies, he likes to sing, to make a spectacle of himself, even in the bedroom, that's why he needs us both, so there's always someone to watch."

The waitress almost dropped her tray, "both of you?" she asked, then gave a low whistle, "way to go Hotstuff!" Then smacking her gum between her teeth she walked off with a grin.

Castiel looked bemused for a moment, "there was a time when women would be horrified that the object of their affections preferred the touch of men."

"Yeah," Dean agreed sadly, "but that was before the internet."