Sam takes a sigh before he says, "I have looked upon the face of hell, and it was a giraffe called Geoffrey," he practically throws the bags down across the motel room in which his brother sits, Grace cradled in his arms, "and every woman there wanted to know where the baby was, and why she wasn't with me, and apparently I'm not a very attentive papa for not knowing what size diapers I need."

"Sammy," Dean hissed, "she's asleep," In Dean's arms she looked like a bundle of bright pink blanket.

"Can I hold her?" Sam asked hopefully bu he knew the answer, the same answer it had been since Dean had taken charge of the child.

"No," Dean said, pulling the blanket back a touch with his finger, "she's sleeping. Maybe when she's awake," but that's a lie and Sam knows it, because he hasn't let anyone take her, even the nurse had something of a fight on her hands when she wanted to give her her innoculations. "Did you get the bottles?"

Sam lays out his treasures on the bed, "and there's a Moses basket in the car," he agrees ripping open one of the packets of diapers to show Dean that he got the smallest size available, which are in fact pretty damn tiny. There are other changing things, including a bag to keep all this crap in, powder, wipes, lotion, baggies. The sheer amount of stuff needed to keep a baby is overwhelming and he's pretty sure they never had this crap when he was a baby in the back of the Impala.

"Car seat?" Dean asked.

"Yes, let's just suggest we don't use this card again, it got a hammering."

"It's okay," Lucifer said appearing on the bed. "I've got it covered," he hands them an envelope with a brand new card inside, then dives into the bags on the bed pulling out a Hello Kitty plush that was about the size of Sam's hand, "can I have this?"

"No," Sam says snatching it from him and offering it to his brother, "get your own toys,"

Lucifer dramatically throws himself back on the bed at the start of a tantrum, but Dean raises an eyebrow at him, "worth a try," he admits, "I need a Mommy, Brady's fun, but he doesn't say no, and I can't be human without one parent, and Mommies give hugs, so I want a mommy. Any suggestions."

Sam's mind was blank but something obviously crosses Dean's mind because Lucifer bounces up, scattering rubber teats in cardboard boxes flying across the bed, "thank you, Dean, she'll do wonderfully, are you going to go there, can I come with?"

"Leave her alone," Dean enunciates the words carefully, "you have no idea how indulgent we're being in not killing you straight off."

Lucifer pulls a face, "like you could, besides, I'll hide my grace, I'll be a human boy with no strings attached, and I'll have a brother, the last one didn't work out for me, and she'll never know I wasn't hers."

"No," Dean repeats firmly.

Lucifer gives them a mocking laugh that suggests he'll do his own thing anyway, "but then you get to watch me, and make sure I don't, oh I don't know, bring on the apocalypse." He grins, "and you can't stop me, I wanna Mommy, and she will be perfect," his nose twitches.

"Lucifer," Castiel says coming out of the bathroom, he is carrying the Moses basket that Sam has just purchased so there is clearly some teleportation involved and perhaps Dean has asked him to come in from another room so as not to startle him. "You take advantage of the fact that people see your vessel and misunderstand what you are capable of."

Lucifer grins and there is nothing childish about it at all, "of course, brother, I have so few advantages left me, but swings are brilliant," that is a child's wide eyed wonder, "it's like flying, it's as close as they get, you must try it, Dean can push, if he ever lets someone else take the baby. Slides are fun, but swings are better. Brady got shouted at for having me at the park far too late, it was long past dark and I was having such fun and then this police man came and said it was really late and they wanted to lock the gates and we didn't kill him or anything, we went for icecream and Brady got me a bananasplit and I ate it all and was sick. It was brilliant." He slip slides between ancient angel and excitable child without warning.

"And look," he holds out his feet to show one red sneaker and one green sneaker that clearly don't match, "so I needs a mommy." He looks sad for a moment, "and I has bad dreams, dreams about," he gestures with his head, "and I don't wanna, so I need someone to kiss 'em away and hold me tight and a big brover to scare away the fings in the closet and unda da bed, and so I want," he has his eyes screwed up and is starting to cry.

If he thinks that Dean will put down the baby in his arms and tend to him, he is sorely mistaken. Nor does Sam give him the plush toy, Castiel is even less moved than they are. He is arranging a soft white knit blanket that Sam definitely did not get at Baby's R Us in the Moses basket with a few knit toys that he's not responsible for either.

They just let the devil himself cry himself out on the bed. "You're all mean to me," he accuses, "everyone picks on me," a black tar oozes out from him unto the bed and it's the first sign Sam has that Lucifer has anything to do with the darkness, and now he's using it for a temper tantrum. "You're all stupidheads," he says, snuffling and the ooze creeps out over the edge of the bed.

Dean looks the devil up and down and then laughs, "oh well," he says, "that's Sam's bed."

"What about Heather?" Sam asks, "can she be your Mommy?"

"no," Lucifer answers like it's the most stupid thing in the world, "gonna go, gonna get m'self Mommy," then the child is gone and his face suddenly looks very adult and cruel, "see ya in Cicero, Dean. I have something for you there." And then he winks out of the room, black tar and all.

"Son of a," Dean curses, then takes a deep breath and shifts Grace in his arms, "little, mother," all the usual curses are being cut off.

"She is too young to understand," Castiel says, "it is not until eight or nine months that she will understand words and repeat them."

Dean glares at the angel, "I just want to wring his little angel neck. Little..." in his arms Grace starts to fuss, "now I've woken her," he gripes, making cooing noises to the baby who really is too young to understand.

"Perhaps I," Castiel offers.

"It's okay," Dean cuts him off, shifting her so she is lain along his chest, "I've got her."

***

The drive to Cicero is reasonably uneventful, Dean didn't drive, just sat in the back fussing over the baby in the car seat who was completely oblivious to the whole affair except when he changed her or insisted that they stop long enough to give her a bottle. To Sam's surprise he didn't lay a blanket down on the Impala's upholstery to do so.

Castiel sits up front with Dean in what could only really be described as a sulk. Then perhaps ten miles to the next rest stop he turns and looks at Dean. "I know you," he says calmly, "I know your body, I know that your arms are building lactic acid from holding her for so long, I also know why you do so, but I worry that if you do not either place her in the basket soon or hand her to another to carry then you might either drop her, when your arms go numb, or crush her when they spasm. I am not prescient I cannot tell which will happen, but definitely one of the two. Perhaps it would be best to lay her down, and let her sleep outside your arms."

Dean is torn, because Castiel has very clearly out argued him, "but," he starts. "She's mine to protect, Cas."

"And you are mine," the angel is succinct, to the point, almost brutal. "therefore if you place her in the basket and try to sleep I will watch over you both."

"I'm supposed to protect her from Heaven." It's a mumble and Sam very nearly doesn't hear it.

"And I am to stand by your side against all comers, wasn't that what we agreed, that I would never leave again, and that I would hold no other loyalty than yours." Sam aches with that information, it's so much more than he expected, he hates it and is jealous, not just of Castiel for being the focus of Dean's affection, but of Dean for being the focus of all that love. "I will watch the child, and if I falter then Sam will stay the course, you are not alone, Dean, and how can you fight the combined forces of Heaven and Hell if you are tired and you have her in your arms at all times? Lay her in her basket or give her to me, no harm shall come to any of you." And Sam believes him knowing he is included in that, that Castiel will lay his life down for him, has laid his life down for him, and he feels unclean.

"We'll stop for the night at the next place." Sam says checking the signs, 9 miles. "Give you a chance to make up formula or whatever it is."

Sam's jealous, he knows that, but in the washed out afternoon light he can't even feel Jessica, he's jealous but for once it's all his own.

***

The motel is the same as every other motel they've ever stayed in, perhaps decorated in the eighties rather than the seventies but still using the same carpet and bedding. When booking them in Sam doesn't think to ask for a travel cot, part of him thinks that Dean won't let Grace out of his arms that long, but when he comes back to the car Castiel has the baby in his arms, the tie missing so it wont catch in her fingers or mouth. She looks like one of those gloworm toys he wanted when he was very small in her green fleece blanket and cap all scrunched up face and closed eyes. Sam really can't see the appeal but as Dean is so keen to point out she's tiny, nestled in the crook of Castiel's arms and dreaming her tiny baby dreams. Outside the streetlamp flickers once, twice before settling into it's steady orange light as the night comes closer.

A man crosses the car park and knocks on the door and it takes a second for Sam to recognise him as Seth, the man beside him though, tall and thin, hair dyed black and eyeliner, Sam has never seen before, but both of them stink of the Darkness. "Castiel," Seth says, "and ya gotta be Dean," his voice is as syrupy as Sam remembers, that slow southern drawl. "It's comin' for ya, get inside, now, go into the bathroom and lock the door, get into the bath and don't come out, no matter what ya hear, kay," he looks at Dean, "I owe ya for Horace so I'm doin' this when really I don' wanna get involved, capice, but it's comin' an it's bad, so in ya git, and don't come out until we says so, kay."

Dean blinks but Castiel has already crossed the room and yanked back the shower curtain. "What's coming?" Sam asks.

"The darkness," the young man with the black hair and eyeliner answers calmly and Sam is shocked to find it's Lucifer, because the last time he saw the angel he was wearing a child version of Sam. "It's simple, we three," he looks at Sam and then across at Seth, "are going to put it back in it's hole, and you," he glares at Dean, "are going to lock yourself in the bathroom and protect that child with every atom of your being. Castiel, brother," he lowers his head in a salute, "keep her in the light, please, she is worth more than you can imagine. Now go."

"What about me?" Sam asks feeling like he's been left behind, like he doesn't understand.

Lucifer grins, all teeth and torment, "You're going to help us fight."