Our Lord's Blessing
  by Delta Venus

copyright 2009



What a glorious day! I wed my beautiful Joanna today. Not only
did I merge lives with my wondrous Bride, the ceremony and the
Blessing that followed was performed by our Lord and Messiah
himself. Most couples have to settle for one of the church
elders, without choice, stuck with whomever isn't busy at the
time. Not us! God truly smiled upon us this wondrous day.


The opening musical solo was wonderful, and very spiritually
uplifting, and when it was concluded, all the musicians began to
play softly and respectfully as our grandparents and parents,
except for my bride-to-be's father, were led to their seats by
the tuxedo wearing ushers. Then the rest of our friends and
guests from the community were led to their seats, the ushers
leading them to either the groom's or the bride's side of the
church, as was appropriate. Our Lord and I entered from stage
right, and took our places at the altar. Next my Groomsmen
escorted the Bridesmaids, one couple at a time, down the aisle,
separating when they reached us, taking their places on either
side of the altar. Next my Best Man escorted the Maid of Honor,
and when they had concluded their march to the front of the
Church, they took their proper places. Everyone looked so good,
dressed to the nines, even the Bridesmaids, whose dresses were
far from the stereotypical ugliness everyone jokes about.


Then my Bride entered the Church, escorted by her father. She
looks good in any clothes, with a wonderful figure, shapely legs,
a firm waist, ample bosom, thick wavy hair that always seems
professionally styled, and a full, sensuous face graced with a
knockout smile. To see her in her wedding dress was something
else, though. Angel is a term frequently overused, but with
Joanna done up in her wedding finery, Angel was a cliche that
needed to be used. Her hair was swept back and piled lightly, not
stacked high, but kept up off her regal neck. Although hidden
somewhat by the gauzy veil, her face was very well made-up, not
overdone, but just enough to highlight her best features and
bring out her true beauty. Her lacy white wedding dress showed
off her cleavage nicely, tastefully, without plunging. The straps
went across her upper arms, leaving her shoulders and neck bare,
except for a wondrous diamond necklace. The bodice down to her
waist was tight, ornamented with lacy floral designs, and the
rest of the dress flowed out widely with layer upon layer of
crinoline and shear finery sweeping gracefully down to the floor.
She was magnificent!


The March began. Everyone rose, smiling and beaming at the Bride
as she made her way down the aisle, escorted by her father, to
join me at the altar. Our Lord gave the call to worship, and
after an opening prayer, everyone was seated, and the ceremony
itself began. The ceremony was beautiful, the music overwhelming,
the exchange of sacred vows in front of all our friends,
relatives, and community members a truly solemn occasion that
touched both our souls deeply and irrevocably. I managed to avoid
weeping, but many in the audience weren't as stoic as I managed
to be, and many tears were shed in the church that day.


Now the time for the Recessional was at hand, but we would not be
doing that yet this day, for we would be observing the Blessing
first. Normally saved for well after the ceremony, we would be
doing it now, because it was to be performed by our Lord and
Messiah. The Blessing is usually a private matter, performed by
one of the Church Elders, but ours was to be performed in public.
It was quite an honor.


I led my lovely Bride to the edge of the altar, and laid her down
upon it. I drew up the fine swirling skirts of crinoline and
lace, and raised them well above her hips, baring her nakedness
to God and everyone - but most importantly to our Lord. She had
never thus been exposed, even to me, and she blushed about her
neck and shoulders in a most intense fashion. I could tell she
was very nervous, but also honored and excited. Our Lord bade me
to undo his trousers, and I did, my fingers fumbling with the
buttons a bit. I was nervous, too. Everyone was transfixed, glued
to their seats, they could not take their eyes off my lovely
Bride, so totally exposed atop the altar, nor could they look
away from our Lord's magnificent manhood once I had undone his
trousers and exposed him for all to see.


I parted my Bride's legs, and held them apart, exposing her
nether regions. I had never seen her womanhood before, nor had
anyone else, and it was as beautiful as the rest of her. Her
silky smooth white skin was easily the equal of the fine lace
that made up the skirts now bunched around her waist. Her exposed
Mound of Venus seemed Heaven sent, with just a hint of a swollen
blush, and a slight, glistening parting of the inner passage. Our
Lord blessed her opening with a kiss before bidding me to grasp
his very large member and guide it into my wife's womb.


Once I had him well placed between the lips at the entrance of
her being, he struck forward with great force, and penetrated her
deeply. She gave a quick, startled cry, and then wrapped her legs
tightly around him, drawing him further into her depths. The
audience all gasped as well, for our Lord was quite well endowed,
and the sight of his proud penis splitting my wife's virgin
entrance and then sinking deeply within as it yielded was
visually intoxicating. I held her hand and caressed her face as
our Lord quickly began a steady rhythm of thrusts, chanting in
time with each penetrative probe. It was truly impressive! Her
chest heaved, she gripped my hand most tightly, and she gave out
little whimpering sighs under the onslaught our Lord unleashed
upon her newly opened fleshy entrance.


The audience strained in their seats to get the best view. I'm
sure if they hadn't thought it would be rude, they'd have gotten
out of their seats and approached the altar as closely as they
could, the better to see the awesome sight of the Blessing being
bestowed upon my Bride. Well bestowed! She was being penetrated
to the very core of her being, our Lord's throbbing member surely
must have been battering at the very entrance to her womb. A womb
ready to receive the Blessing, as the days of my Bride's cycle
had been very carefully calculated, and the Wedding Day picked
accordingly.


Our Lord finally gave a cry, and pumped his seed deeply into my
new wife, giving out a most impressive shout: "May the Lord our
God bless this newly wed woman with a healthy baby!"


The audience burst into applause at the Blessing given by our
Lord. My new wife had to stay on the altar, and I stayed by her
side still holding her hand, her hips now raised on a pillow so
the seed of our Messiah could sink into her womb and do the
Lord's work. She was flushed, and smiling, obviously very much
sated by the vigorous Blessing she had received. The entrance to
her womb was now much more open, a little swollen, with a tinge
of pink blood and a glistening of foamy white cream around the
edges. No one seemed to mind the wait, they all patiently sat,
looking right at the newly opened flesh of my now wife, and the
results of the Blessing of our Lord leaking lightly from her.
After some time had passed, my wife was finally helped down from
the altar, and we made our way from the Church to many prayers
and well wishes from the guests, all of them hoping the Blessing
would take, and my wife would bear a child for us.


This been an incredible day for us, a wonderful marriage
ceremony, performed by our Lord himself, meant elevated status
for us in the community. We would be treated with deference and
respect by all. Almost certainly our child would become one of
the Church elders. Even if the child my wife would bear wasn't
born of the Blessing, but came from our later consummations, the
honor given us this day would not fade away for years. I would
have to wait a day for those consummations of our marriage to
begin, as my wife's womb was sacred, untouchable ground for 24
hours, to ensure the Blessing had the best opportunity to work
its magic. I could hardly wait!

Watching my new wife be deflowered in front of God and everyone,
right in the Church, had fired my loins in a way I'd never
experienced before!

             &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
