Six surveys the paltry selection of hors d'oeuvres, arches an eyebrow to register her derision. "Look," you say, "the wine's quite good." And you hand her a glass. It's white, so she takes it daintily by the stem.

"Tell me Sharon," (she doesn't approve of your decision to keep the name, so she always says it with the hint of a sneer), "was that little heart-to-heart comforting?"

By now, you know better than to let her provoke you. You refrain from pointing out that coming to the meeting had been her idea; she'd taken her exile on Earth rather hard. The government of the 13th Colony and its 'Federation' had stipulated that amnesty for cylon prisoners was a condition of resettlement, and Sharon was happy to blend in with the humans. Six, on the other hand, just prayed, and waited for a sign. She'd probably hoped to find a band of disgruntled proto-revolutionaries at the cyborg support group, instead of this outpouring of earnest emotional turmoil and assimilationist doctrine.

"Isn't there anyone you want to talk to?" Six snorts delicately in disdain, but frankly, you wish she'd take up with some other comrades. You're sizing up a striking blonde standing against the wall behind her, equally svelte and haughty. She's alone and holding a napkin with one wilting canapé, but manages to appear only slightly awkward. When she catches you staring, she glides across the floor toward you.

"One would think," she says, setting her napkin and its charge down on the buffet table, "that with the collective processing power in this room we could come up with a more impressive array of refreshments."

Charmed, you grin at her. Six, apparently, is less impressed. "Perhaps some of us prefer to serve a higher cause," she quips, icily. Undeterred, the woman extends her hand.

"My name is Seven."

Six laughs, throaty and rich, and Seven does look affronted then, guardedness furrowing into her brow.

"No, please, my apologies," Six says, warming into her charisma at last, "I'm Six." She takes Seven's hand before she can finish withdrawing it.

"What a remarkable coincidence." When Seven smiles, the device ringing her eye tilts enchantingly.

"I'm Sharon," you interject, "but you could call me Eight." Seven shakes your hand, but seems perplexed by the overeager joke.

"If you're not too human to countenance model numbers," Six elaborates, ribbing you.

"Some people," Seven says, "call me Annika." It's possible that you fall in love with her at that moment.

By the bottom of your second glass of wine, Seven is describing the biofeedback mechanisms of her remaining Borg implants. Even from your limited experience, it's clear that this is the sort of thing people discuss at cyborg support groups. Six is interested in the technology for her own reasons, and she's angled her shoulders invitingly toward her new acquaintance, a calculated intimacy that Seven responds to in kind. Already the third wheel, you're just nodding politely at appropriate points. But when Seven finishes, "I can never procreate, though," her voice roughens, thinning into an unexpected silence.

"I bore a child, once," you add, without being quite sure why you're confessing.

"What happened?" Seven's query is innocent, as if she's wholly unaware that a more tactful response might be called for.

"He's not mine anymore." Six eyes you warily. This is not something you talk about.

Seven continues, openly, in a tone that's quiet and grey. "My... ex-girlfriend, she had a baby. Who I suppose is no longer mine either." She pronounces "ex" like it's the capital letter, unwieldy in her mouth.

Six is perhaps only anxious to change the subject, but she picks up keenly on the most salacious aspect of the revelation. "You had a female lover?"

The thing about Six is that she actually adores sex, though she'd never admit she does it for any reason outside divine will or personal gain (which tend to conveniently align). She supports herself by seducing wealthy men who appreciate a woman who controls them. You're not sure whether Six sees the current situation as an opportunity to double her odds in the future, or as a novel and exotic sexcapade. But Seven is captivating and strangely brittle, and you'll be frakked if you're going to let Six chew her up and spit her out like she does her male lovers. So when Six is addressed with, "if you'd like to return with me to my apartment, I could further explicate my regeneration alcove," you invite yourself along. Six just smirks and says, "the more the merrier."

Six is more or less irresistible, and she's well aware of it. She reclines lissomely on the spartan sofa in Seven's living room, the slit in her skirt riding dangerously up one thigh, and allows Seven to offer her a drink. You know you're dim and frumpy in comparison, but you're not about to let her make the first move. You follow Seven to the replicator, ostensibly to help carry the beverages, and daringly (if casually) touch the small of her back. You imagine she leans very slightly toward you. When she passes you your cocktail, your fingers brush.

But Six has claimed the seat next to her, and, before you can so much as refresh your syntheholic buzz, she's got her hands around Seven's midriff, tracing the tantalizing ridges under her fitted blouse.

"These are Borg implants?"

Seven's breath hitches, and she nods.

"May I?" Six asks. Seven steals a glance at you as Six, ever debonair, bunches up the gauzy fabric, reaching exploratorily underneath.

You'll play Six's game, if that's what it takes. You get up, move to the edge of the couch behind Seven. You stroke her back again, on exposed skin and metal, mumbling a feigned scientific interest in the cybernetics. Soon enough you can drop the pretense, because Six is kissing her, pressing her backward against your chest. Seven pulls away, turns her head to kiss you too. The sharp, liquid taste of her explodes on your tongue.

Entwined, Six and Seven look like classical statuary, flawless and alabaster. On the bed, you've ended up behind them again, Seven's pale hair feathering over your sternum as Six trails caresses down her stomach. Seven's labia are bare, delicate as the paired halves of a fruit -- and, judging from the way Six devours them, equally as delectable. Six reads the movements of Seven's hipbones with her fingertips and watches her face as she writhes; she knows how to satisfy a lover, regardless of their equipment. One of Seven's hands is guiding Six's head, but with the other -- the one augmented with a filigree of machinery -- she takes yours, slides your finger and hers into her mouth (tongue against circuitry against flesh). Then she folds your palm around her impossibly ripe breast. Its weight is molten, like new life. You'd get yourself off, but Seven's body between your legs blocks your access.

After she comes, Seven flips Six onto her back. She runs her fingernails over the perfectly-proportioned lines of Six's torso, as if fascinated by the unbroken suppleness of her skin.

"The illusion is impeccable," she murmurs, squeezing a pert nipple.

"All the enhancements are microscopic, like your nanoprobes." Six is stretching luxuriously under her ministrations, like a cat. "Fuck me," she purrs (apparently there's some Earth slang she's had occasion to learn). Seven reaches to open the drawer of her bedside table, and you catch a glimpse of a holopic: an auburn-haired woman with a toddler at her hip. What she takes out is a dildo attachment, which she seats at her center with an audible click. Six laughs and spreads her knees brazenly, staring into Seven's eyes as she's impaled. You're inching toward the edge of the bed, thinking you were a fool to imagine you could keep them from getting lost in each other, when Seven deftly tugs you back. You tumble awkwardly over their splayed bodies, and find yourself straddling Six as Seven kisses you. Her Borg hand slides into your folds, surprisingly seamless and smooth, and hums against your clit. You float in a haze of pleasure. Six, who is panting as she meets Seven's vigorous thrusts, pushes two fingers into you from behind. "God has a plan for us, Sharon," you hear her say. And while normally this sort of talk isn't a turn-on, you figure that if God's plan involves frakking like this, perhaps you should be having religious experiences more often. Six twists her hand cruelly, but you're so high that the pain ignites you, and you come, as Seven swallows your cries.

Reeling and spent, you recognize only gropingly that Six has stopped moving. Seven is calmly removing the dildo, setting it on the nightstand. It appears suddenly ominious, with its intricate array of dials and indicators near the base. "Six," you say. There's no reaction. Her eyes are open, staring blankly. You press your palms to her belly, her chest, her cheeks, shaking her, but she's gone. The most primitive mechanisms of your body grind and sputter, and by the time the blood has rushed from your sex to your head and your ears are ringing with adrenaline, Seven has you in the sights of an energy weapon.

"What... Why are you doing this?" You've had the opportunity to notice that, when you're staring down death, the scale of achievement is magnified. Under the circumstances, this sputtering, outraged sentence, which could be your last, feels like a feat of heroism.

"I work for the Starfleet intelligence group Section 31, and we've determined that the cylon immigrants present an unacceptable security risk." Seven's voice is measured, even sad. "I'm sorry," she says, and puts her hand on your thigh, almost consolingly. Two tubules snake out and puncture your skin like fangs. Before the world blinks out, you have a moment to marvel that she actually sounds like she means it.