Mall Slut
by Sluttysub1003

Mall Slut Ch. 01

I became a slut in a public mall.

Hi! I'm Jane and I'm 21 and I recently moved to England. I started working as a barista but I wanted to do something that I've only dreamed about but I could never do it because I lived with my parents. I wanted to have a dominant who would truly fuck me.

I had sex before but it was not really satisfying, so I went on google and found out everything I could but I didn't dare to do anything about it till I was out of my parents' house and out of the country.

So today I finally am meeting with a man named Dorian who is interested. We met online and I told him about this and we are meeting today in a mall to discuss it further. I'm very nervous and excited.

I open my closet and find something to wear. How am I supposed to dress for this? I decide to wear a bra and a thong matching to the bra, denim shorts and a tank top after all this was just our first meeting so I wasn't expecting anything to happen.

I looked myself in the mirror and I thought looked sexy and yet presentable. I'm 5 feet tall, a brunette, my skin is a bit brown and I have hazel eyes and I wear a 32C bra.

I take a cab to the mall. I've never been to this part of the city before. It was a Wednesday so there were very few people in the mall. I get to the coffee place on the ground floor where we were supposed to meet. I look around and then I saw him. He looked exactly like his profile pic. He was 6 feet tall and his face was clean shaved and he had olive skin and green eyes. He looked hot in those denims and black t-shirt. He was 26 year old.

"Hi! You must be Jane. Please have a seat." Dorian said.

"Yes I'm Jane, nice to meet you Dorian" I said softly.

"Please have a coffee." He said politely but in a demanding tone so I ordered a coffee and drank it quietly.

"So Jane let me get straight to the point you want me to be your Dom?" I was a bit thrown off by how casually he said it.

"Yes I would like you to be my Dom." I hesitated but answered.

"Ok then you will address me as sir. Understood?"

"Yes sir"

"Good. Now Jane I am going to be honest you are beautiful but I don't think you are quite sure you want to do this, you are hesitant."

"No sir I'm sure I want to do this."

"Then prove it to me. I have a proposition. You can think of it as a test. Are you up for it?"

Wow... this is really happening and there was no way I was gonna walk away from this. I was scared but this is what I want and I'm gonna do it.

"Yes sir" I answer firmly.

"Ok then for the entire day you do exactly as I tell you and let me do whatever I want with you? If you satisfy me today I'll let you be my sub and then you can be my personal slut from tomorrow. How does that sound?"

I did not expect this to happen today but fuck it I wanted this and I wasn't gonna chicken out now so I said, "That sounds great sir. What do I have to do?"

He smirked at me and stood up from his seat and said, "Great follow me."

He started walking out of the coffee shop and on the escalator and into a department store. I hurriedly followed him still couldn't believe that this was happening.

He went into the fitting rooms which were in a very quiet back area of the store and nobody was around. There was a closed sign outside but he still went inside, unsure of what was happening and gonna happen I followed him. He went inside the last fitting room in the corner and I followed him inside. My heart stopped as soon as I entered the room.

It was small but it had one mirror in the back and there were 2 holders in the upper corner and then 2 more just below them and a bit of rope hanging from those holders.

He smiled at me and said, "Last chance to back out. If you still wanna do this turn around and close the door."

Oh my god! At this point I'm scared but this is what I wanted and if I chicken out now I will never be able to do this. So I turned around and locked the door.

"Good girl." I felt his breath on my neck. I felt his breath on my neck. Before I could turn around he pinned my hands on the door above my head with his one hand and his other hand was on my stomach.

He lowered his hand and unbuttoned my shorts and put a hand inside my thongs and stared rubbing my clit, slowly at first and then steadily increasing the speed. Uggghhhhh this was driving me crazy! When we were chatting online I told him that rubbing my clit and fingering drove me absolutely insane. I was shaking furiously as the orgasm approached. A moan escaped my mouth and he removed his hand just as I was about to climax.

"Not so soon, first let me see you properly." He said and then pulled me backwards and tied my hands with the ropes to the holders. I tried moving my hands but the ropes didn't budge. He was standing behind me as he took my tank top and tore it open from the middle and my bra was completely at display. I was so scared how am I supposed to go home? How was I even gonna step out of this room? But I don't say anything as he pulls down the zipper on my shorts and let it fall to the ground I remove my feet from it and then standing there in my ruined top and my bra and thong I couldn't wrap my head around what was happening.

Before I could do or say anything I saw he had a pair of scissors in his hand. He snapped the bands at the side of my thong first and stuffed the thong in my mouth, now I couldn't say anything even if I wanted to. Then he snapped off the sleeves of my tank top and then my bra straps followed. Then he put a blindfold on. Now I was standing there completely naked in a fitting room of a public mall with a stranger blindfolded, my clothes were absolutely ruined and I had no idea what was gonna happen now. But the one thing I knew was I was so fucking wet.

"Hmmm wow you have such a great body with such a smooth pussy. I love your bare cunt."

Shit. I just had a Brazilian wax day before yesterday and I totally forgot then I was completely bare down there.

Noticing my flushed face he said, "I like it, this is how you're gonna keep your pussy from now on."

I softly nodded. Then he tied my legs too, now I was truly helpless and then he kept something on my pussy lips just over my clit and then it stared vibrating!

God!! This was torture! It was vibrating but not enough to make me cum. Then he took my breast in his hand and started pinching my nipples. I was so wet and so close to cum but couldn't.

Then somebody knocked on the door. Shit shit shit!! This couldn't be happening! I can't have people look at me like this! Oh god what is happening?

Dorian put the vibrator away and removed my blindfold then he smirked at me. Fuck! He planned this! This made me a bit comfortable but I was still not ready to have complete strangers see me naked. But what could I do?

He opened the door and there were 3 guys standing outside. They were all gawking at me. I've never been this embarrassed in my entire life. My face flushed and I couldn't scream with the thong in my mouth.

"Hello gorgeous!" said the guy on the left.

"Guys this is Jane and she is our slut for the day." He said to the boys and then turned to me and said,"Jane these guys have helped me set this all up for today and now they will do whatever they want to you. Do you understand?"

I hesitated but nodded. "That's a good little slut. Now I'm going to go and pick some clothes for you as yours might not be wearable, though if you want you can roam around naked. Do you wanna do that?" I shook my head furiously to say no. And then Dorian turned to the guys and said,"Well, she is all yours. Enjoy." And then he left and I was stuck here naked and tied up with these strangers.

"Ok boys lets see how much of a slut is she?" said the guy in the middle and then he dragged a stool from outside and put it between my legs then he went behind me laid on this back and started licking my asshole and the opening of my pussy but not going near my clit. The second guy also went behind me and started fondling with my breast and pinching my nipples. Then the third guy stood in front of me and he started rubbing my clit furiously.

The amount of pleasure that erupted inside me was unreal. I lost count of how many times I came but they would not stop. I didn't know how many minutes or hours had passed before they finally stopped as I was reaching another climax. Dorian had returned and he had a shopping bag in his hand the guys all standing in front of me again. My body felt exhausted but I felt like I could do this all day without break. Energy was still coursing through me.

"What a slut! She came 5 times and looks like she is up for way more." Remarked one of the guys.

"Well I had the barista put some special meds in her coffee that won't let her be exhausted or pass out for at least another 6 hours, so its good to see that its working." Dorian replied.

Then the guys left. "Well it looks like you had a great time." Dorian said to me. Then he removed the thong from my mouth. I was so scared of what was happening and I couldn't believe what had just happened. I had let three absolute strangers see me naked and touch me in the most private places! And yet I said-

"Yes sir I had a really amazing time, thank you." Dorian smiled and said "Good."

Then he kept the shopping bag down and untied my hands and legs. Then he removed the clothes in the bag and handed them to me. Before I could inspect what they were he said-

"From now on you will not wear any bra or panties and you will only wear skirts, unless told otherwise. Is that understood?"

"Yes sir" and then I quickly unfolded the clothes and put them on. It was a red and black plaid miniskirt which barely covered my pussy and ass. Then there was a tube crop top which barely covered my breast as it was 2 sizes small and when I looked in the mirror behind me I was shocked to discover that the top was see through and didn't leave anything to the imagination. Dorian was smirking at me.

"Well don't you look like a proper slut. Now lets get going we have the entire day left." And then he left the fitting rooms and I had no choice but to follow him so I followed him out the store and everyone was watching me! God this was the most humiliating but exciting day of my life.


Mall Slut Ch. 02

Jane's adventure continues.

Dorian went into the elevator and pressed the button for the 10th floor on which there was a rooftop restaurant. I was standing in the middle of the elevator and Dorian was behind me. The elevator stopped on the next floor and an old couple, maybe in their mid-60s, stepped inside and stood in front of me.

Dorian then knelt on the ground behind me to tie his shoelaces but as he was getting up he placed his hand on my ankle and traced his hand upwards as he got up. Over my leg then my knee, my thigh and then he lifted my skirt and cupped my pussy. I tried not to squeal, not wanting to draw any attention from the couple to us. But then Dorian started finger fucking me and his thumb rubbing my clit. It took everything in me not to moan.

To my horror I realised that if the elevator opened my pussy would be on complete display and with my nipples already poking through the see-through top, I might as well be naked!

The elevator was also unnaturally slow. It reached the 7th floor and the doors opened for the couple to step out but there was a group of 5 guys standing outside the elevator! They looked like freshmen in college. My face was so flushed but Dorian wouldn't stop attacking my pussy. The boys couldn't stop gawking but none of them said anything. A clear bulge was visible in all of their pants.

For my humiliation to escalate even further I came...

The boys all hurriedly entered the elevator and all of them faced me with their backs to the door.

"Like what you see boys?" Dorian asked them, still fingering me and rubbing my clit.

The boys all nodded eagerly. Dorian chuckled, "Well boys this is my slut Jane, do you wanna play with her breast?" he asked them and then pulled my top downwards releasing my breasts. The boys jumped at them and started fondling with them very aggressively. The sensation all together was too much!

I came again. And finally the elevator reached the 10th floor and then the elevator opened and the boys went outside and Dorian released my pussy and let my skirt fall into place and then he told me to fix my top so I did and then we went outside the elevator. The boys were still standing there gawking at me.

"Well Jane aren't you going to thank these men for the pleasure they provided you?" Dorian said to me.

"Thank you" I said softly

"Thank you- what?" Dorian said angrily.

"Thank you Sirs" I corrected myself realising my mistake.

Then the boys left still amazed by what had happened. We went inside the restaurant and there were very few people there. But whoever was there was staring at me. I was sure I looked like an absolute mess so to say I was nervous would be an understatement.

Dorian walked up to the girl behind the register and I followed behind him. He asked for a private table and the girl asked us to follow her. She led us inside the restaurant and showed us to a small room behind a curtain which contained a table for two and it was very brightly lit.

We walked in and Dorian closed the curtains behind me then sat on one of the chairs.

"Have a seat" Dorian said authoritatively, I sat on the chair facing him.

"You have been a good little slut till now and I'm impressed but we need to discuss some ground rules. We have discussed your kinks a lot while texting and my job is to explore them as much as we can and get extreme pleasures from them. You are a closeted exhibitionist so during our time together you are expected to wear revealing clothes or completely naked sometimes with other people and in public sometimes, as we experienced today." He says with a smirk. I start blushing furiously.

"Is that clear?"

"Yes sir"

"Good Girl"

"Now as for your safety you have said you like rape play and a bit non consensual play but at any point you can say the safeword that we discussed yesterday on text. But if you use your safeword our relationship will end at that point. Is that understood?"

I hesitate a bit, what if i don't like something and want to stop the activity and accidentally say my safeword. I wouldn't want this relationship to end...

"Jane I know the doubts you must be getting but we have discussed all of our kinks beforehand and anything we do won't be something out of the blue which does not give you pleasure but if a situation arises where you do not enjoy the activity then this relationship cannot go further. So answer wisely, are you still up for it after the experience till now?"

I think for a second but I know it deep in my soul that this is exactly what I want so I confidently say, "Yes sir"

"Good. Now let's continue, pull down your top and bunch your skirt to your waist and sit with your legs wide open." He orders with mischief in his eyes.


3