Story: Skanky Kim

"I missed you, darling," Kim said with an excited smile when she 
opened the door to her apartment. I walked in and she threw her arms 
around me. She pressed her pelvic area against mine and gave me some 
nuzzling kisses. "I'm not wearing panties," she whispered.

My hand went to her bare thigh under her short dress as I lightly 
brushed my lips on hers. My cock was was hard and erect inside my 
pants, and she felt the increasing bulge. She giggled.

She grasped my hand and led me to her bedroom. In one sweeping motion 
she pulled off her dress, then kicked off her shoes and got on the 
bed. She opened her willowy legs and I began to undress.

Kim flashed me her teasing smile. She knew I was impatient, and I knew 
that she would deliberately have me wait.

Before I got on the bed with her, she stuck one finger deep inside her 
pussy and left it there a moment. When she pulled it out, she thrust 
it toward me and said, "Suck it -- but first, sniff it!"

I inhaled her scent, and drew back. She giggled and said, "I haven't 
showered for three days, and it's been a week since I've douched!"

She put her finger in my mouth.

"Suck!"

My lips closed around her wet finger, and I worked on it with my 
tongue. When she was satisfied that I'd gotten all the skank from her 
finger she pulled out and giggled. "I know it turns you on, so don't 
pretend that it doesn't."

My erection was rock-hard. I could not deny the effect that the 
slutty, skanky scent of her pussy had on me. My mind, however, did not 
like the idea, and the conflict there was quite arousing to her. She 
stuck her finger in her pussy again, wiggled it around, withdrew it 
and wiped her wetness under my nose.

The pungent odor from her skanky womanhood was like an aphrodisiac. I 
ached to be inside Kim's pussy, knowing that it would not be long 
afterward until my cock, unable to hold back, would impatiently spew 
its payload inside her warm enticing recesses therein. Then the 
inevitable would happen.

I would have preferred to have the pleasure of pumping and thrusting 
in her pussy for a while before ejaculation, but I knew that she would 
make sure that I spurted quickly -- at least the first one of the 
night.

She had me lie back on her bed. With one hand gently grasping my 
erection, her other hand was busy lightly touching my nuts while she 
cooed sexily. She continued for about fifteen minutes, which is almost 
an eternity to a male who is aroused and anxious.

She finally let go and got beide me, on her tummy.

"Now I want you to use your tongue on my legs, starting at my ankles 
and going all the way up to my butt," she said. "And no entering me 
until I tell you!"

The little minx was going to make sure that I was aroused beyond words 
before letting me in. I looked at the slender petite woman lying 
submissively with her legs only slightly parted in a come-fuck-me 
pose. I felt a single pulse of my cock and a small amount of pre-cum 
oozed out.

Kim moaned as I glided my tongue up her legs from her ankles.  When I 
reached the backs of her knees, she parted her legs a little more. I 
then licked the backs and inner sides of her thighs. Her pussy hair 
was damp with her arousal. There was that skanky scent, close up. I 
felt my heart race, and the urge to thrust my cock inside her was 
almost more than I could bear.

She squirmed when I licked her inner thighs and got very close to her 
pussy. My cock pulsed once more as I imagined the sweet feeling of 
entering her. She sighed when she felt my warm breath on her nether 
cheeks.

"Okay, that's enough," she said, and turned over on her back. "Would 
you like to enter me?"

She knew the answer, of course, and only asked because she was ready. 
I whispered, "Yes!"

She spread her legs and bent her knees. Her pussy lips slightly 
parted, and a few strings of viscous female lubricant -- 'pussy snot' 
-- added to her allure.

Her eyes shone with intense excitement, and I guided my cock to her 
entrance. The tip of my engorged member pried her labia apart and 
seemed to welcome the coating of her pussy snot. I inhaled her skanky 
scent as I went in to the hilt and lay on top of her.

"One," she counted in a high pitched voice, as if she were counting 
strokes while being spanked.

I gave another complete thrust. She grimaced slightly.

"Two!"

I pulled back and went in again. It felt so good to finally be inside 
her.

"Three!"

My midsection tingled as I got closer to ejaculation. Another thrust.

"Four!'

The feeling became stronger. I was almost there. I plunged in again.

"Five!"

The feeling quickly spread throughout my midsection. I was helpless to 
resist any longer. My cock had a will of its own, and would not be 
denied. As the first pulse of semen shot from my member into Kim's 
pussy I could only coarsely whisper, "Oh God!" She knew I was 
spurting, and giggled sexily.

I squirmed in the delirious convulsions of a long-awaited ejaculation. 
My cock spewed forth in a passionate frenzy as pulse after pulse of my 
cum spurted inside her. Each spurt was a wracking explosion of 
pleasure, and I vigorously pumped her until I was spent. 

Over the next couple of minutes I felt residual spurts of semen course 
through my cock and spill into Kim's skanky receptacle. I gave a few 
thrusts each time, which served to blend our juices along with her 
pussy snot.

It was sweet being inside her, but I was far from fulfilled because of 
my hasty ejaculation. Now it was time for me to follow through on our 
unspoken bargain -- my price of admission.

Kim spread her thighs as I pulled out. Translucent white cream oozed 
from her pouty vaginal lips onto her damp brown-haired pubic mat. Her 
chest rose and fell with her aroused breathing as she anticipated what 
was to come.

I got down between her legs and put my mouth close to her vaginal 
portal. Her previous skanky scent combined with that of her freshly 
generated cream, her 'pussy snot,' and my pent-up semen resulted in an 
interestingly sensual, and at the same time musky aroma.

I licked around her pussy, and got much of the external creamy 
substance. Then I put my mouth squarely on her pussy lips.

"Ahhhhhh!" she moaned as I lapped up our juices from her entrance. I 
gulped down what I had gotten so far, and then pressed my puckered 
lips against her excited labia. As I sucked on her pussy, the way she 
squirmed spurred me on, and over the next few minutes I extracted 
several mouthfuls of our combined cream. It was kind of sexy thinking 
that I was sucking on the same honey hole into which my hard and 
impatient cock, just a few minutes earlier, had plowed, pumped, and 
spewed forth its lusty payload.

Kim had two climaxes before she pulled away. We cuddled, and in short 
order fell asleep. Twice more that night I entered Kim's sassy snatch 
and took as much pleasure as I could before the primal urging took 
over and my cock erupted with a fresh serving of semen and spurted far 
up inside her. Of course, afterward I then paid the price of admission 
with my mouth against her freshly sexed pussy. Each time, she 
surrendered to orgasms as I extracted her skanky payload.

-----
This story is copyright 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
