Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 6: Locker Room's Genie Surprise
Summary: Corey gets a surprise when he returns to his locker room. Is this the fourth genie he needs to find waiting for him?
Keywords: mf ff oral anal A2P A2M toy inter bond D/s trib 1st

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters
Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good candidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE. A goth lesbian who doesn't like Corey being at her school and is trying to get him expelled.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. 
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspects she is the Jann.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class. Challenges Corey to a hot race. When he caught her, he claimed her.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. Wants a private study session with Corey.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A submissive, Arab Christian that is eager to learn naughty things from Corey. Suspected to be the Marid.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Suspects Corey of having sex at school. Not happy about it.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. Corey suspects she's the Ifrit after she initiates a sexual relationship with him.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.



Corey Derrickson  Tuesday, September 8th 

You bitch, Asra, Nadia hissed as I pulled out of her pussy.

Asra, the goth girl who'd been glaring at me and hating my presence at her all-girls' Catholic high school, aimed her smartphone at us. 

SNAP! 

She took another photo of us, getting a good shot of my cock soaked in Nadia's pussy juices and no doubt my cum leaking out of her pussy. My jogging shorts and boxers were around my ankle. My legs still had the burn from my chase after Nadia. We were outside the school grounds, in a small alley in a residential neighborhood near the campus. She'd bet I couldn't catch her. 

Fucking her was my reward. The athletic girl had made me earn it. She kept ahead of me for ten blocks. I pushed myself past my limits to prove myself. She'd been a delicious fuck. I pounded the black-haired girl hard, reveling in the boiling passion of her pussy.

What are you even doing here, Asra? demanded Nadia. She marched forward, my cum dribbling out of her shaved pussy. 

Why, making sure this pig isn't harming you, the goth girl answered, a mocking smile on her black lips. She had pale skin and shadowy hair. She wore the white t-shirt with the school's coat of arms over her heart and the red athletic shorts; the school's PE uniform. 

SNAP! 

Shame if the headmistress sees this, she added. 

I marched up to the goth girl and shrugged. I don't care. Show Sister Nova Victoria.

Asra frowned. Confusion flashed across her pale face.

I can get you what you want, I added.

You don't know what I want, she hissed. Her eyes had a deadly gleam to them.

Pussy.

She snorted. I want to feast on your soul. Her eyes bored into me. I want to peel off your skin inch by inch and listen to your screams. I want to make you suffer.

Sooooo dark, I said, rolling my eyes. You definitely need to get laid. I'll find a girlfriend for you. I don't have to have every girl at our school.

Fury seethed in Asra's dark eyes. Her entire body trembled. She shoved her phone into her pocket, her face deathly pale. Her lips pursed tight. Her black-painted fingernails gleamed as they flexed. She looked like she wanted to attack me. To claw out my eyes. She hated that I was the only guy at the all-girls' school. That all the ladies were noticing me. 

Getting wild with me.

I had a collection of panties from girls interested in me or with whom I'd played around. My quest to uncover the four genies was going great. I had three potentials found: the Jann, the Ifrit, and the Marid. I needed to locate the Si'lat. Then I had to make such a hard decision.

Which one to choose to be my wife?

In the process, I was picking up some other girls. I was having fun with hotties like Nadia or Bettie. I had a date with Jennifer after class and a study date with Vanessa tomorrow during lunch. My sex slave Tania would be seducing the cutie who just moved in next door to me, Regina. 

He's going to get you some pussy to eat, mocked Nadia as she dressed. The athletic girl had a mocking smile on her lips, momentarily hidden as she pulled on her white t-shirt. She had such a steamy passion about her. Wild and playful, an athletic girl with a boiling passion in her.

Like a geyser, I was waiting for her to erupt in passion.

How's that? Nadia continued. You always want to eat people. Get some good cunt for you.

Fury seethed in Asra as Nadia and I finished dressing and left her there fuming. I grinned at the athletic girl. She was something delicious. Someone I wanted to add to my harem. She glanced back at me with this studious look. 

As we jogged away, she said, You really aren't afraid of her turning us in?

Are you? I asked. You'll be in as much trouble as me.

She flicked her eyes up and down my body, her gaze intense. But it was worth it. You are a great fuck, Corey. I don't have any regrets.

So eager for another workout session? I asked as we neared the street. We jogged out and found our classmates working down the street. We'd left them in our dust when Nadia had bolted out at a full-sprint.

You are a great partner, she said. Made me feel the burn today.

I laughed as we slipped into the flow with the others in our class. Briana, a brunette with freckles, gave us a glance as we fell in near her. A smile played on her face. Her footsteps pounded on the sidewalk beside us.

Up ahead, Coach Bennett was slowing down. The perky, petite blonde PE teacher was looking back at us. She had slowed to the point where we caught up with her in moments. Briana pulled away from us, forcing herself to jog a little faster.

How'd you get behind us? the coach asked, this concerned look on her face. The speed at which you two ran out of here...

We got lost, Nadia lied with ease like she had the excuse ready. Went two streets out too far and it took us a bit to figure it out. Sorry, we just like running.

I'll say, the coach said, giving us a look. We were both flushed, but that would be expected after our run. Are you two going to try out for my track and field team?

Maybe, I said, giving a shrug.

Because I think you have a place. The coach shook her head. But it's not a race during this class. It's a jog. Let's all keep together so no one gets lost. You're both new, so you don't know the route yet.

Yeah, that's clear, I said. We'll do that.

Nadia nodded.

Soon, we were making the last turn down the street that ran horizontally of before the school. We reached the gate and entered the grounds. We jogged across the green grass to the gymnasium. From there, we were dismissed to the locker rooms. All the girls went left to theirs while I headed to my own private locker room. 

It was small, but it was here. Probably some dumb law required every school, even one that normally didn't have any males working or attending, to have one. It was a shame. I wouldn't mind having some coed showering. The fun I'd have in there...

Kyle was the man for giving me this opportunity.

I buzzed with energy as I headed into the locker room, ready to shower and then meet up with Jennifer. She was a cutie who'd asked me out once the school day was over. I was expecting some naughty things from that girl. I whistled as I passed through the serpentine entrance, going left around a wall and back right. No door on the locker room, but you couldn't see inside.

So I had no clue what I was about to find.

I took a step into the locker room and blinked at the naked girl lying on the wooden bench running before the lockers. She had a big smile on her dark-ruby lips. Her hands slid up her dusky body to cup her large breasts. She squeezed her boobs and shook them. Her fat, brown nipples poked up. She was clearly Arab, her thighs lovely as they parted and showed off her shaved pussy. Her bedroom eyes found mine.

My dick hardened in my shorts.

Well, well, this is a surprise, I said. You know this is the boy's locker room?

Is it? she asked. The Arab beauty licked her lips. Oh, no. How wicked of me to be in here naked. Mmm, if you were a bad boy, why, I bet you'd take advantage of me.

I have this strange feeling that you want me to take advantage of you, I said. This had to be the Si'lat. The fourth genie I was looking for. Kyle described Si'lats as sluts. Wanton, seductive type of genies. Not a demure and submissive Jann or a fiery and bold Ifrit. 

Why would you think that? she asked in mock shock, her large hands squeezing into her tits. She shook them. Because I'm naked?

That's part of it, I said, strutting to her. My cock was hard. I ripped off my t-shirt, showing off my chest. Her eyes ran over me. I was seventeen and in great shape. My eyes flicked down to her pussy. I mean, what else am I supposed to make of this.

That I'm a slut in need of a cock, she said. She reached her hand down to the floor and picked up a bright blue dildo. She twisted it and it hummed to life. She thrust it right into her pussy. She sank it into her cunt to the hilt, her large breasts jiggling.

Damn, I groaned, my cock twitching in my gym shorts.

She pumped the dildo in and out of her cunt. She swirled it inside of her pussy, twisting it around in her juicy sheath. She whimpered and moaned. Her breasts swayed as she squirmed on the bench. She whimpered and moaned, her twat dripping with cream. 

See, she moaned. This is all I have here. I have to use this naughty, little toy on my cunt. That's not fair, is it?

Not fair at all, I said. So why are you bothering to go to an all-girls' school?

My parents want to keep me away from the boys, she moaned. They know I'm cock-crazy. They're ashamed to have such a wicked slut for a daughter. I'm such a bad, bad Muslim girl. So they packed me off to the nuns to see if the Christians could control me.

And then I showed up, I said, smiling. I loved the backstory these genies came up with. Sister Nova Victoria, the school's headmistress and the Ifrit, had claimed she'd been so horny after fifteen years of celibacy that she just had to have my cock in her and satiate her. She called me into her office first thing this morning. Now you have a guy at your school. A cock, hard and ready, so you don't have to rely on that little toy.

Yes! moaned the girl. She pumped the vibrator faster and faster in and out of her pussy. The buzzing sound increased as she pulled it out and decreased when she rammed it into her juicy depths. Her face twisted. I'm so glad you're here. I'm In'am, and I want you so bad. I've been so wet since the morning assembly. I had to have you before the day was out. I wish I was in your grade.

I have to respect a girl that needs my cock this bad, I said as I shoved down my shorts and boxers.

My dick popped out. In'am moaned, her body shuddering. Those bedroom eyes stared at me. They brimmed with passion. I could see it swirling in her dark depths. Her tart passion filled the air, perfuming it with her delicious musk. 

She grabbed the base of the vibrator with both hands, ramming it hard and fast in and out of her cunt. Her legs spasmed. She whimpered and moaned. Her breasts heaved as she squirmed on the wooden bench.

Yes, that's the cock I want! she moaned. Ooh, you're big. You're going to feel so good in my pussy.

You're just a Si'lat, aren't you, I said.

A naughty gleam grew in her eyes. Si'lat, huh? You know about those?

Yes, I do, They're just big sluts, aren't they.

Seductive and beautiful. She groaned. I'll be your Si'lat. I'll be whatever you want, just let me have that cock. She buried the vibrator deep in her. She released it and reached out for me, her fingers beckoning.

In'am wanted me bad. How could I deny her?

How good do you suck dick? I asked, moving up to her. I reached down and grabbed the vibrator and ripped it out of her cunt.

I'm the fucking best! she moaned. Her eyes burned. Her pussy lips slowly closed, hiding her pink depths. Juices flicked off the vibrator, splashing my chest and arm. One drop landed on my lips. I'll fucking suck all the cum out of your balls and then get you hard again to fuck my pussy.

I smiled. What are you waiting on? Unless you're all talk.

She sat up, her heavy breasts swaying. Then she was on her knees before me. The school's slut, the Si'lat whore, crawled to the end of the bench, her head at the perfect level to suck my cock. Her black hair swayed like fine silk, almost floating. My gaze slid down her dusky back to reach her rump. Her perky ass divided by that crack.

Her lips nuzzled into the tip of my cock. Her tongue flicked out with all the mischievousness of a cat. She licked around my dick, caressing me. She paused, smacked her lips, then asked, Mmm, who am I tasting on your cock?

You like tasting pussy on a dick? I asked, arching my eyes at her.

Of course I do, she moaned. Mine's the best, but this isn't bad cunt. She swirled her tongue around my cock again. Any clues on the owner?

No one you have to worry about,

She giggled. Well, I'll just enjoy her pussy cream. And you enjoy this.

I groaned as her lips sealed over the tip of my cock. A shudder ran through me. She sucked hard on me the moment I was in her. I groaned at the pleasure racing down my shaft. Her cheeks hollowed as she stared up at me with lust.

I gripped the base of the vibrator humming away. Her mouth nursed on my dick. She suckled with hunger. Her bedroom-dark eyes stared up at me, glossy with her lust. This girl was wild. My chest rose and fell.

Damn, you are just such an Arab whore, Si'lat, I groaned. Mmm, In'am, just loving my dick.

She nodded around my cock and moaned.

And I can't help but stare at that ass, I continued, this idea building in my mind. Such a cute ass.

She whimpered around my cock. She worked her mouth up and down it, using her neck to bob her head. Her mouth felt amazing. Hot and wet. Her tongue swirled around my dick. Stirring pleasure through me. It flowed down to my balls.

I reached out and pressed the vibrator into her butt-crack. She moaned around my dick as I found her asshole. I grinned down at her and pushed on the dildo's base. She sucked harder. Groaned louder. I felt resistance from her sphincter. The vibrator slowly sank into her asshole, teasing the slut.

You like that, don't you? I said, pushing the vibrator deeper and deeper. Oh, yeah, you just savor that, don't you, Si'lat whore?

She whimpered around my cock. Her passion hummed around my sensitive dick.

That's what I thought, I said, pressing the vibrator's base down to her asshole, the rest in her bowels. I let go. The black handle peeked out of her butt-crack.

I closed my eyes for a moment, letting the pleasure of her blowjob ripple through me. Her tongue knew how to move. She could give my sex slaves pointers. This girl knew how to suck dick. She loved my cock. She sucked and nursed. My balls twitched and throbbed.

When I opened my eyes, I smiled down at her. She had such a hot mouth. Her head twisted, stirring her mouth around my cock. This pleasure rippled down my back. She sucked and loved my dick. My pressure rose in my cock while the vibrator buzzed away in her asshole.

Damn, I panted. I ran my hand through her silky, black hair. Just look at you go. How many cocks have you sucked?

She winked at me and kept nursing.

You've practiced a lot, I groaned. I tightened my hand in her hair then thrust my dick into her mouth. I hit the back of her throat and pulled back from her. Yeah, you're just such a cock-sucking whore.

She whimpered.

I bet you can just take a dick all the way down your throat, I growled, pumping away at her mouth. I fucked her.

In'am moaned louder. She danced her tongue around my cock. She stroked me. The pleasure surged through my body as I buried deep into her mouth. I hit the back of her throat. I reached the gullet and kept going.

She had no issue taking all of my dick. I slammed down to the back of her throat. My balls smacked her chin over and over. Her eyes stared at me with such heat. This wonderful passion surged through me. She hummed around my cock. The pleasure was incredible.

Damn, yes! I panted, enjoying her mouth and throat. You want my cum.

She whimpered, her rump wiggling. I bet she was loving that vibrator buried in her asshole.

Yeah, you want it. I know you do! I growled. Goddamn, that's good. Just love my dick.

I pumped my shaft down her throat. I buried deep into her. Hard. My balls smacked into her chin over and over. The pleasure rippled through me. My nuts growing tighter and tighter. I couldn't last much longer. This was too wild.

In'am was a treat. Fuck, how could I choose between these four?

I rammed down her gullet. The tightness of her throat gripped my shaft, massaging me. I drew back and savored the way her throat hummed about my cock. She pleasured me with her passion. The pleasure shot down the root of my dick. I exploded in her mouth.

My jizz pumped into her.

Fuck! I snarled.

Blast after blast of spunk pumped into her mouth. I reveled in it. The bliss surged through me. I gasped as the stars danced before my eyes. I held her tight. My cock pulsed. My spunk splattered against the back of her mouth.

She swallowed it all down, her eyes sparkling. She moaned, trembling. Was she cumming? Had the vibrator in her asshole and swallowing my cum set her off? I savored that peak of pleasure. That moment when I fired the last of my cum down her throat.

Damn, In'am, I panted and ripped my cock out of her mouth.

She panted, drool running down her chin. Then she smiled at me. That was delicious. Mmm, slide back into my mouth. Let me suck you hard. I have to feel you in my cunt! Need to get you ready.

I winked at her. You're hot enough. I'm already hard. Turn around.

Ooh, you like taking charge, In'am purred. Just like it when girls are your sluts, huh?

I like it when they love being my slut, I told her. You want to be my slut, don't you, naughty Si'lat?

She shuddered. I love it when you call me that. I'll be your Djinn.

In'am turned around on the bench and pointed that ass at me. She wiggled her rump, stirring that dildo buzzing around inside her rump. I smiled as I stared at her dripping cunt. She wanted me to fuck that pussy, but I wanted to see how far these genies would go.

I grabbed the vibrator's base and ripped the buzzing shaft out of her asshole. Her backdoor gaped open. That tight hole closed shut. I slammed the dildo into her pussy. The shaft vanished into her naughty cunt again. 

Her back arched. She gasped something in Arabic, liquid and beautiful.

I told you I need a cock, she moaned.

You'll get it, I said, parting her butt-cheek. I stared at that asshole. I pressed my cock against her sphincter. Does it matter which hole you take it in.

Fuck, no! she moaned. Just ram that into me. Do it! Fuck that dick into my bowels!

I pressed into her anal ring. I loved that feeling of a girl's asshole sliding around my cock. I groaned as I sank into her velvety bowels. The vibrator had loosened her up, her spit lubing the way. She whimpered, her loose, black hair swaying about her shoulders and back.

If you're going to fuck my asshole, you better pound me! she moaned, her bowels clenching tight about my cock. Come on, just ram that dick in and out of me! Ooh, I love it! I want to be pounded by that big dick. Just fuck me hard!

I shuddered, feeling the vibration of the sex toy humming in her pussy. It massaged my cock through her flesh, tingling the tip. Her hot bowels squeezed about my cock. The velvety grip caressed me. It surged bliss through me. The pleasure flowed down my shaft to my balls.

Her asshole gripped me as I drew back. I pumped hard and fast into her bowels. She rocked back into me. She clenched tight about me. She wiggled her hips, stirring that hot sheath around me while the vibrator hummed away.

Harder! she hissed. I'm a dirty, nasty slut! Her hair danced around her head, floating and fluttering. Just slam that hard dick into me. Come on, Corey! I won't break!

I growled and seized a fistful of her hair. I pumped away hard, my balls smacking into her taint. The vibrations buzzed against my cock, building and building that heat in my balls. I savored her tight asshole. I loved her velvety grip.

That anal sheath loved my dick.

I fucked her with all my strength. I pistoned my hips, my feet planted on the concrete floor of the locker room. Our moans echoed around her. Her butt-cheeks rippled. That dusky rump jiggled with every impact.

Like that, slut I demanded, yanking back her head. Her neck arched. Huh? You like that, whore?

I fucking love it! she hissed. Yes, yes, pound me. Fuck me! Ram that huge cock into me! Yes, yes!

You're going to explode on my cock, aren't you? I growled, slamming deep and hard into her pussy. You're going to cum from getting ass-fucked!

Yes! she moaned. And that vibrator you shoved in my cunt! That dirty, filthy sex toy... Kess ommak!

Her asshole convulsed around my bowels. The pleasure surged around my dick. Her velvety flesh spasmed and convulsed. I jammed deep into her anal depths. I savored the feel of her. Her hot flesh sucked at my cock.

My balls tightened. The vibrations hummed around my dick. The pleasure swelled in my nuts. Her moans reverberated through the locker room, echoing around us. I buried into her convulsing asshole again and again.

Fucking cum in me! she moaned. You tamed my whore-asshole! Now fill it! Give me that cum!

Nasty Si'lat! I grunted and slammed into her.

I am! she shouted as my cum fired into her bowels.

The powerful pulses of my jizz splashed into her. My body bucked. Stars burst across my vision. Intense ecstasy slammed into my mind. My dick pulsed and throbbed. I filled her asshole with my spunk.

She milked me. Her hot flesh rippled around me, drawing out all of my flesh. I groaned, darkness washing across my vision. The pleasure blazed through my mind. She trembled as I fired the last of my spunk into her passion. My chest rose and fell. My heart pumped fast blood through my veins.

Goddamn, I panted and ripped out of her.

You got to fuck me more, she said.

Can't, I told her. I have a date. Need to get cleaned up. I ripped out of her asshole. I kept a hard hold on her hair. Come here, whore.

She didn't resist as I pulled her off the bench. She slipped off of it, her body trembling. The vibrator still hummed away in her cunt. Her moans echoed as I led her back to the shower. I hit the button to turn on the warm sprays. It splashed over my body.

On your knees, I said. I need to be clean for my date.

You are just what I need, she moaned, sinking down to her feet. In'am stared up at me, her large tits swaying. I want to be your personal whore.

You're in the running, Si'lat, I told her then groaned as she sucked my dirty cock into her mouth. 

That wonderful, delicious mouth sucked my cock clean of her dirty asshole. She reveled in it as I grabbed the bar of soap. I'd be late meeting up with Jennifer, so I'd have to make it up to the girl. But In'am was too delicious to pass up.

Havva the Jann, Sister Nova Victoria the Ifrit, Zahia the Marid, and now In'am the Si'lat. They were all delicious in their own ways. I still had to pop Havva's and Zahia's cherries, but that would come. Then how would I decide which one to marry?

Fuck, it would be the hardest choice in my life. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

I had this naughty ache in my pussy as I walked home with Regina. She was such a cutie, her blonde hair in pigtails, looking so adorable and petite. She flowed beside me, moving with a light grace, her red-and-green tartan skirt fluttering around her slim thighs. She had an airy, flowery perfume around her that was just so intoxicating.

Plus, her glasses made her look even more innocent.

I hungered to seduce her. To lick her pussy and show her the pleasures of her body. Then I would introduce her to my Master. I wanted to watch Corey pop her cherry so I could lick up his cum out of her twat when he was done. I just wanted my Master to be happy. To find the four genies, help him choose his wife, and be his concubine.

I wanted to serve him and love him with every ounce of my body. Wearing his collar was the greatest joy in my life.

Regina had just moved in next door to him yesterday. Her parents wanted her to attend the prestigious St. Maria Theodora Catholic School, one of the most exclusive all-girls' high school in Washington State if not the entire U.S.

Are they really going to... do it? Regina asked me, her voice a light whisper. She stared ahead the two schoolgirls walking before us.

Like Regina and I, the pair ahead wore the red-and-green tartan skirts and crisp, white blouses of our school's uniform. One of them was my older sister, Aleah. The other was a slender Arab girland potential Jann genieHavva. A hot tingle raced through me. Havva was submissive and had already fooled around with Corey, getting her virgin twat eaten out. Now he ordered Aleah to take Havva to our home and ready her for his pleasure.

Yes, they are, I said.

Oh, Regina said, squirming. 

Don't worry about it, I said. Havva wants to be like my sister and me. She wants to be one of Corey's sex slaves. It's no biggie. She'll get Havva all nice and ready for him when he gets back from his date with Jenny.

And that doesn't bother you that he's dating another girl? asked Regina, studying me with her blue eyes.

Not one bit. I nudged her. It's hot.

She blushed so prettily. She was such a cute virgin.

We reached her home not long after. It was one house closer than where I now lived with my Master. Aleah and I had moved in with Corey thanks to Kyle's genie wife. Aaliyah's magic made all this possible. Corey attending the girls' school, the hotties all swarming around him like a herd of horny bunnies, and me living with him. I was so glad. The last summer had been incredible. 

So I wanted his harem to grow.

Regina opened the white picket fence around her house. I glanced at Aleah as she led Havva up the path to our home. She flashed me a big grin, her auburn hair gathered in pigtails swaying about her shoulders.

I gave her a thumbs up. We were both getting our Master the beauties he needed. I hoped Regina joined the harem. And if not, I just wanted her to have an amazing time with the sexiest man in the world.

Regina opened the door and called out, Mom! Hello! I'm home!

Bustling out of the kitchen was a friendly looking woman, the blonde hair similar to Regina's. She had a more mature figure, wearing a tank top and a pair of shorts, something comfortable for the warm, September day.

You brought a friend, she said, rushing over. That's so great. I was worried Regina wouldn't make any. She's such a shy girl.

Mom, Regina moaned and squirmed. This is Tania.

And I hope to become such a good friend with your daughter, I told the woman. She was sexy, too. A MILF. Maybe Corey could enjoy the mother after the daughter? I think she's going to fit in with my friends.

Wonderful, said Regina's mom. It's great to meet you, uh...?

Mrs. Florence, she said, winking at me. That should work.

Sure. Great to meet you, Mrs. Florence. Now, Regina and I have some studying to do. Math, you know.

Mrs. Florence sighed. I know, it's not her best subject. I hope you can help her out. She has so much to learn.

Yes, she does, I said.

Well, I was just about to go out to the grocery store. I'll be gone for about an hour. She beamed at me. You're more than welcome to stay for dinner.

Oh, I'm hoping to have at least a snack while I'm here, I said, my eyes flicking down to Regina's skirt. 

Well, the pantry's not that well-stocked. You know how hectic it is moving in, and my husband's busy at his new job. They got him working right away. No time to settle down.

I get it, I said. We'll be fine. I hooked her daughter's arm and said. Shall we go study?

She nodded, her glasses shifting on her nose. This was going to be such a wicked and naughty study date. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 
Corey Derrickson

I stepped out of the locker room with a bounce to my step and a whistle on my lips. In'am followed, her hair wet and glossy. She had such a naughty grin on her face as she tailed after, her blouse buttoned up tight, stretched over those lovely breasts.

I don't want you wearing any panties tomorrow, I told her as I marched ahead. Instead, I want your favorite vibrator buried in your cunt. You'll wait out front for my arrival.

Yes, Corey, she moaned. Ooh, I can call you Sahib? That means Master or Sir in Arabic.

Yes, you can, I groaned, my blood on fire. I'll see you tomorrow.

Have fun on your date. I doubt she'll be as much fun as me.

I smiled. Every girl is fun in her own way. She certainly won't be as naughty as you, Si'lat.

Nope. Goodnight, Sahib. 

I broke away from her and marched through the halls of the building. There were still girls rushing around, participating in afternoon activities. They glanced at me, giving me interested, blushing, or naughty looks. I nodded at them. I left one group of girls, Hailee in the middle, giggling in my wake.

I heard he fucked Nadia during PE, drifted from that group. That new girl. They got 'lost' out on the jog.

I smiled, feeling like a million bucks as I swept out of the school and stepped outside. The sunlight flashed into my eyes. Jennifer was waiting for me. She had this look of relief on her face as she pushed off from the wall. Her short, brown hair swayed about her face.

Sorry for keeping you waiting, I said, offering her my arm. I had a surprise in my locker room.

Oh, it's okay, she said.

I shook my head. It's not. I shouldn't keep a pretty girl waiting.

She beamed at me, dimples lighting up in her flushed cheek. She clung tight to me. She was a good girl I'd met early in the day. She'd been working the school office. Apparently, you could spend a week working there, missing a period a day to help out with the office work. 

So, let's check out this amazing coffee shop, I said. I'm always interested in having a hot drink with a cutie.

I hope you'll like it, she said. It's nothing special.

You sure? I arched an eyebrow at her. You'll be there.

The way she melted against me made me grin. My first day attending the all-girls' school was great. I had a lot of fun, and it wasn't over. After my date with Jennifer, Havva would be awaiting in my bed, all ready to have her cherry taken. 

Aleah wouldn't let me down.

I led Jennifer off. I ignored the glowering Asra. She was almost a ghost in beneath the shade of an elm tree. I felt her eyes watching me with disgust. I had to find the perfect girl to set up with her. Someone who would eat up her time.

And her pussy.

There were some great possibilities. Lisa and that winsome smile of hers, Ursella with some of her brown hair gathered in a braid, or maybe Pita who had that delicious rear. So many beauties to get Asra off my back. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aleah Buckley

Are you sure you want this? I asked Havva as I pulled out the key to Corey's house. His dad was a fireman who worked thirty-six-hour shifts. When he wasn't living at the firehouse, he did a lot of sleeping here.

It made things easy for us to have our fun. 

You can still say no, I told her. At any point.

I want this, Havva said, squirming. She was so cute, her black hair gathered in a braided plait that fell down the back of her crisp, white blouse. She was slender, my age though she looked younger than my sister, Tania. He told me to do this. I...

I get it, I said. You had that submissive slut slumbering in you, and he's awakened you. Made your virgin pussy all hot and bothered. I leaned in. When you call him 'Sir,' does it make your cunt clench.

She nodded, her cheeks flushed dark.

Yes, you are just perfect for the harem. I shuddered. She was the Jann. Would she become his wife? His sex-slave bride? I pictured her wearing white, the purity contrasting with her dusky-brown skin. Lust rippled through my body. You're going to fit in. I can't wait for him to pop your cherry.

The girl nodded again, squirming. Her delicate face was just so kissable.

I thrust the key into the lock and twisted. I shouldered open the door, it was always stiff, and ushered her in. I took her by the hand, our skirts swirling, and led her to the stairs. I hoped she stared at my ass as I led the way.

So, do you know what I'm going to do to prepare you? I asked.

No, she answered. But I can do it. I-I have to please him. I have to do this to make him happy.

Have you ever wanted to do things with a girl? I reached the top of the stairs and went right to our room. You know, sex stuff.

I haven't. I've never thought of it.

Does it make you wet knowing you will? I reached the door to our bedroom and opened it. The window had been left open, a fresh breeze stirring through the room. 

Yes. Yes, it does, Aleah. Do you want me to... to... do to you what Corey did to my p-pussy.

Havva stuttered on saying pussy. She was so adorable.

We'll get there, I said, turning around and grinning at her. I grabbed one of the tails of her bow tie and tugged. The tartan knot came undone then whisked through the collar of her blouse. But first, we strip each other.

I dropped her bow tie and arched my eyebrows at her.

Her trembling hand grasped my own bow tie. She pulled slowly. I trembled at the whisk of the silk cloth rubbing together. The knot unraveled. She drew it around my neck. My pussy clenched as this heat rippled through my body. Cream trickled down my thighs. That had been happening all day long.

Master was getting naughty at school. 

Havva dropped my bow tie to the carpeted floor, the cutie trembling.

I grabbed the bottom of her blouse and popped the first button through then the second. I went slowly. I had the third undone when she grabbed mine and fumbled with the first. Her eyes met mine, trembling with this scared lust. She was stepping into the unknown. I was her guide, and I wouldn't lead her astray.

Relax, I whispered, a strip of her dusky stomach revealed. I worked higher, reaching her breasts. I led my little sister down this path. There's nothing to be afraid of. There's only going to be submissive pleasure found here. There'll be pain, but it's the good kind. The type naughty girls like us crave. Okay?

She nodded, her breath quickening. I undid the last button at her throat, her blouse hanging open. A white bra clad her small breasts. I smiled as she worked up my own blouse. I waited for her to catch up. Finally, she finished mine and opened my blouse, a black, lacy bra cupping my small titties.

And then she saw the collar. Her eyes flicked to it. Corey's Girl...

Yep, I said. That was what it read on the silver plate set in the black leather. You want your own, don't you?

She nodded.

Maybe you'll win, I told her and shoved her blouse off her shoulders.

She did the same with mine. We stood there in our bras. We both had small breasts, but hers seemed little more than budding mounds, like she should still be in a training bra. Mine had some shape to them. 

I stepped closer, pressing my tits into hers. I reached behind her and found the clasp of her bra. At the same moment, I nuzzled into her ear and whispered. This is when things get naughty.

Okay, she answered, voice tight. Her arms went around me. Her delicate fingers traced up my back to find the straps of my bra. I shuddered at the touch of her fingers on my flesh. She grabbed the clasp. 

We unfastened the other's bra together, our breathing pressing our tits tight. My nipples throbbed, aching for her bra to be removed. I stepped back from her, pulling the straps off her shoulders. Her brown nipples came into view. Small, hard buttons. 

Then my pink nubs appeared, both pierced with gold rings.

Oh, my, she gasped, staring at the heavy piercings. 

The pain is worth it, I told her. If you're his, you'll be pierced. It's so wonderful when he parades you around by the nipples. It feels right. You have no idea how amazing it is to feel the delight, your nubs stretching. Your pussy feels it. Ooh, yes.

The girl swallowed. She didn't flee. She had that glossy look of lust in her eyes. I breathed in deeply. I smelled my own spicy musk but beneath it lurked something sweet. This cuties pussy simmered as much as mine did. I inhaled that wonderful aroma. Fertile and primal, lust distilled to its most feminine expression.

Now the skirts? she asked and reached out to my left hip. That was where the small fastener and zipper lay that kept the tartan skirts fitting snug around my waist.

Yes, I moaned, finding hers. One. Two. Three.

We both undid the fastener and ripped down the zipper. The red-and-green, plaid skirts fell down our legs in a flutter of delight. Her trimmed, black bush came into view beading in her juices while my triangle of red hair pointed down at my shaved twat. We were both naked. Both ready.

She pressed against me. She lifted her head and kissed me. I savored Havva's sweet lips on mine, her small breasts pressing into my firm mounds. Our nipples brushed. I loved the sparks that flared in my cunt as our lips worked together. 

She would fit right in. 

When Corey came home from his date with Jennifer, he would fall in love with the Jann. How could he not? She was everything he wanted. That same mix of scared vulnerability and naked lust just aching to be claimed. Just like I had been. And my sister when I'd readied her for his bed just like this.

I broke the kiss and shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. I grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the bed. She followed me without hesitation. Her budding breasts rose and fell. I twisted her around and pushed her on the bed. She gasped as I straddled her stomach, pressing my pussy down on her flesh, letting her feel my warmth.

I leaned over to the nightstand and pulled open the drawer. I plucked out four silk scarves. I draped them over her breasts. All save one. I held it up to her, the cloth stretched between my two hands. She gazed at it, breathing heavily.

Do you know what I'm going to do with this? I asked her, my pussy on fire. I rubbed my clit against her. I ground on her smooth belly. 

No, the virgin moaned, her stomach so smooth beneath my cuntlips.

I'm going to tie you up, I purred. I grabbed her right wrist and thrust it up the bed towards the first of the dark-brown posts. I leaned over her, pressing my clit harder into her stomach. Her skin felt so smooth. My auburn pigtails swayed. I'm going to leave you bound on this bed until my Master returns from his date. Who knows how long that will be.

He could be fucking Jennifer for hours. She's not a submissive slut like you.

Like us, Havva whimpered. She didn't pull her wrist away from my grip.

Yes, a normal girl, not a kinky slut like us, I moaned and wrapped the scarf around her wrist.

I pulled the knot tight. The fabric whisked over her skin. She shuddered. Her body squirmed beneath me, rubbing her smooth flesh into my belly. I groaned, loving the sensation. Tingles raced through me. My breasts jiggled as I worked. I had her knotted and then brought the length to the post and pulled it tight, stretching her arm out. 

I made a quick bowline hitch, going over the rabbit in the hole mnemonic in my mind. I pulled it tight, and had her arm secured to the bed.

One, done, I moaned, my cunt drinking in her skin. I rubbed and undulated on her, little waves of delight washing through my pussy. 

I grabbed her left wrist and slid the second silk scarf around her. I pulled the knot tight and then shoved it up towards the post. The silk made such a delicious rasping sound as it went around the post. Her limb when taut, exposing shaved armpit. I knotted it and then plucked the scarf, feeling the tension.

Mmm, doesn't silk feel amazing on your skin? I purred. It lacks the coarseness of hemp, which can be a treat in its own right. But let's start you off with something tame. We can work you up to the truly fun stuff.

Yes, Aleah, she moaned, sounding so submissive. 

I grabbed the two scarfs off her breasts and turned around. I sank my cunt back onto her belly, forming a hot puddle of my cunt cream on her silky skin. I undulated in slow circles then smiled, realizing she already had her legs spread eagle, making this easier for me.

I had to slide down her stomach to her bush to reach her ankles. Her ticklish pubic hair felt incredible kissing my pussy lips and clit. Pleasure raced through me as I ground on her, my ass flexing. I wrapped the silk around her ankle and then pulled it taut. She moaned, squirming beneath me. Then I threaded the other scarf around her left ankle. I worked fast, my cunt on fire as I ground against her pubic hair.

The silk whisked.

I made the bowline knot.

I had her bound just the way my Master wanted. A gift to await him. But it wasn't just enough to tie her up. I had to play with her. To drive her wild. I licked my lips as I ground my pussy into her pubic, hair, building towards my orgasm.

I shifted my position, slipping my right leg between her bound ones and then leaning over. I groaned, my pussy rubbing through her bush as I scissored us together. I pressed my shaved twat against her furred muff.

Aleah! gasped Havva as she felt me pressing into her twat. What is this?

It's called tribbing or scissoring, I purred, undulating my hips. I ground my cunt against her pussy. Doesn't that feel nice.

Uh-huh, moaned the girl. Oh, wow, that's... I can feel your pussy lips rubbing into mine.

And your bush feels amazing on my cunt! I panted, the ticklish stimulation on my twat rippling bliss through me.

Good, good, panted the girl. Oh, Aleah, this will make him happy, right?

Oh, he loves it when his sex slaves lez out, I moaned. He wants us to fool around. He wants to find you wet and ready to be popped. He wants me to keep you on fire until he gets home.

This will do it, the virgin moaned as I groaned against that pure twat.

It was so hot to do. My hips undulated, rotating my cunt in slow circles. She trembled, her body squirming, bound tight. Her rump rubbed into my left thigh pressed beneath her body while that bush drove my pussy wild.

I gasped and moaned, the stimulation rippling through me. This amazing heat teased me. A wicked passion that would have me screaming out in rapture. I groaned, my eyes fluttering. I pressed against her hard. I worked my cunt into her furred muff. My clit drank in the teasing caresses of her pubic hair.

Aleah! she moaned, her own body moving. Oh, this is naughty. You're making my p-pussy feel so good. No, my pussy feels great. Amazing!

Yes, yes, don't be afraid of that word, I moaned. Our cunts are grinding together.

Yes, yes, our cunts! the virgin girl moaned and trembled. 

The sparks of rapture burst through me. I pressed my snatch hard against her pussy. My eyes fluttered. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure rippled through my cunt. I moaned. Her silky pubic hair brought me closer and closer to erupting.

My hips rotated. I slid my clit across her hot flesh. The sensitive bud drank it in. Then I bucked. I moaned as my orgasm burst through me. My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of me, soaking her bush with my passion.

Aleah? she moaned. Are you...? Is that...?

I'm fucking cumming on your virgin twat! I moaned, trembling through the bliss flooding across my body. Oh, my god, this is incredible. Yes, yes, yes!

My body bucked as the waves of bliss washed out of my cunt. I ground on her pussy. She humped back into me. The bedposts creaked. Silk whisked. Her moans sang through the air while the pleasure carried me higher and higher.

I savored every minute of the bliss rippling through my body. I rubbed my clit into her pubic hair as the bliss kept washing through my flesh. I whimpered and moaned. My body bucked hard, consumed by the rapture.

Aleah! she whimpered. Oh, Aleah!

A hot flood of cream bathed my pussy.

Yes, yes, I'm joining you! she moaned.

Cumming! I panted. You're cumming hard!

I am! she moaned, trembling.

I shuddered, grinding against her as the pleasure rippled through me. Waves of delight splashed passion against my mind. I trembled through it, sparks dancing across my vision. This wild heat swept through me.

I was so glad I had this job. That I could prepare this girl. She would be so ready for my Master when he returned. I would make him so happy. I loved being Corey's sex slave. He deserved to have the largest harem ever!

To be continued...
