Monday

I slept fitfully that first night, unused as I had now become to having my bed to myself. It was not that Holmes and I never spent a night apart; although we generally shared Holmes's room when at Baker Street, it was not uncommon for a visitor or a trip out of London to force us into separate quarters. Sleeping alone was not so very unusual. But the knowledge that I might have been with him that night, only my own pride preventing it, rattled about in some out of the way corner of my mind, and having Holmes so near and yet not with me had a very poor effect upon my dreams (perhaps there was something to that mad Viennese alienist and his theories about the sleeping mind after all). While I would not quite say that my night was plagued by waterfalls, the background of my slumber held a sneaking suspicion of rushing currents, more crash than susurration, clear beneath the other dream-images which were no more than a blur.

In consequence, I woke in the morning feeling more in need of sleep than when I had gone to bed. My annoyance only increased when, having made my way downstairs to breakfast, I found Holmes looking quite as well-rested as ever, tucking into his bacon and eggs with unusual enthusiasm. I could not possibly have expected to hide my unsettled night from him, but I had hoped that it would take him longer than the first glance to deduce it. The hope was a vain one, as I ought to have known. Within moments of my entrance he gave me a, "You look awful, my dear fellow," and promptly turned back to his tea.

"And a very good morning to you too, Holmes," I groused, sinking into my chair.

"Was your slumber less than sweet, my dear Watson--or less than slumber? I know an excellent cure for insomnia," he grinned. "I shall inform you of it, if you like, and even provide an instructional demonstration, if you will only come over and kiss me good-morning."

I bit into a rasher of bacon with rather more force than necessary. "Oddly enough, Holmes, the 'Doctor' before my name is not merely ornamental. I flatter myself that, where the curing of medical conditions is concerned, I possess a certain degree of competence myself. Charming though I'm sure your folk remedy would be."

He swallowed his last bite of egg and licked his lips in an only slightly exaggerated way. "Ah, but you see, Watson, even the most skilled medical man requires the services of an assistant every now and then in the performance of his profession, particularly when he himself is the patient. This peculiar panacea is not one which the sufferer may self-administer, but I assure you, its efficacy makes it well worth the effort involved in seeking out a helping hand. Or, to be more precise, a helping mouth."

I rolled my eyes. "Truly, Holmes, your subtlety is overwhelming."

"I believe that subtlety is not generally intended to overwhelm, but I take your point. Should you prefer the subtle, then?" Holmes asked. "As you like, John." He stood, rather slowly, and arched his entire body in a stretch. It was a perfectly normal gesture of a morning, the kind of stretch in which any man might indulge after a restful night's sleep, and not even a very dramatic example of the type. It also showed off the flatness of his stomach, the gentle tapering of his hips, and the eternally graceful arch of his spine to perfect advantage. He walked over to his chair with precisely the same tread he always stepped, and when he sat his legs crossed in precisely the same way they always did, and already I wanted nothing more than to drag him by the cravat off to his bedroom and have my way with him.

It was Monday and, in the way of Mondays, it was going to be a deplorable day.

The next hour or so did nothing to contradict that assumption. My eggs were cold, and yet the tea burned my mouth. I picked at my unsatisfying breakfast for as long as I could, while Holmes sat and smoked and scribbled away in his commonplace books, which were overdue for updating. Stalking over to my desk, I attempted to make some progress on my account of the Baskerville case, but my brain seemed tied up in knots, and I spent what felt like years attempting to work out a single reluctant sentence. I have been a writer long enough to know that there are some days when the words simply will not come, and finally gave up and slumped over to the settee--though not before managing to produce significant ink-stains on my poor shirt-cuff, courtesy of a leaking fountain pen. I might here embellish and claim that the novel with which I then attempted to amuse myself gave me paper cuts. It did not, in point of fact, but I should not have been in the least surprised.

As I sat, Holmes, who had thus far kept very much to himself, looked up at me with an odd expression playing about his lips. "From that hint of huffiness about your breathing, my dear Watson, I should say that you were rather out of sorts this morning," he commented. "An ill night's sleep is apt to make the whole world seem gloomy and grim. Chin up, doctor. All will seem brighter tomorrow, once you've had a good night's rest."

I stared at him. "Holmes...were you just attempting to cheer me up?"

He smiled, set down his commonplace-book, and walked over to sit at the opposite end of the settee. "Of course I was, John. Unless I am very much mistaken, the offering of comfort and consolation is considered a typical gesture between lovers--even a duty, one might say. I may not always show it very well, but I do like to see you happy."

I blinked once or twice. I should not be surprised if I shook my head a bit in confusion, though I have no specific recollection of doing so. And then I understood, and laughed.

"This is how you suppose you will seduce me, Holmes? By being sweet and considerate? It's a novel approach, I must say, but I am not quite sure how I think it reflects on me. Do you really believe that I am so starved for simple gestures of affection that, by providing them, you shall induce me to fall at your feet? And do you honestly consider me so unobservant as to have been unaware, before, that you cared about my happiness? My dear Holmes, if I thought you half as cold as you pretend to be, I should never have cared a fig for you, no matter how handsome, charming and brilliant you may be. But extravagant solicitude, while a pleasant change, will not draw me into your bed any more than it should have won you my heart in the first place. You are a man who, on observing that I am in an unwarranted bad temper, is far more likely to attempt (usually successfully) to distract or tease me out of it than to offer sympathy, and just as likely as either simply to order me to cease behaving in such a self-indulgent manner. But it is you, and no other, with whom I fully intend to live out the remainder of my days. Did you suppose that you could become more desirable to me by pretending to be that which you are not?"

It was gratifying to see his salvo backfire so dramatically, for I could tell by the look on his face that he wanted to kiss me very badly indeed. But he confined himself to a smile--so wide that his lips nearly parted, which is an extraordinary occurrence--and said, "My dear Watson, you are without doubt the most nonsensical man I have ever met, with the possible exception of the one or two raving lunatics of my acquaintance. It is difficult enough for me to comprehend how or why you tolerate me when I am in an ill-humor; that you should actually go so far as to discourage me when I am in a good one defies belief."

He had, in spite of himself, succeeded in lightening my mood, and I grinned back at him. "Perhaps I enjoy that sort of thing. I'd not be the first man on earth to find that suffering has...certain attractions." I deepened my voice and curled my lips as I said it, emphasizing the illicit implications of my words.

I do not recall the last time I saw his eyebrows so near his hairline. "In so many years of intimate acquaintance, I do not believe I could possibly have failed to observe such a predilection, if you possessed it."

I was thoroughly enjoying his discomfiture, and moved nearer to him, until our legs were only a few inches apart. "But I may simply have hidden it very well up to now. You remember the Mary Sutherland case, and my eagerness afterwards? If memory serves, we made it no further than the dining table. I couldn't sit down to a meal for weeks afterwards without going red in the face. For the first day or two, I couldn't sit down anywhere without going red in the face."

Holmes very nearly blushed himself at the memory. "I recall the incident quite vividly."

"And you no doubt retain an equally clear recollection of the events immediately preceding that rather enthusiastic incident."

"I believe I had just chased Mr. Windibank from the sitting-room, threatening to..." I could almost hear his mind stop whirring, that marvelous brain screeching to a total halt. I may be the one man on earth who can achieve that feat, though only rarely, and I reveled in it. "Watson!"

I could not help grinning then. I twisted my body, propping my arms against the back of the settee on either side of him and bending my mouth towards his ear. "Tell me, Holmes, if I did want you to take a buggy whip to me, how would you react?"

Holmes's habitual pallor is so extraordinary that he must be very affected indeed to turn noticeably pale. But when I pulled back to look at him now he was white as a sheet, and saucer-eyed to boot. He opened his mouth as though attempting to formulate a reply...and then the bell rang downstairs. I hastily pulled away from him, and he moved over to stand by the hearth. He had lifted his pipe down from the mantel, lit it, and was tossing his match into the grate just as the sitting-room door opened.

"A lady to see you, Mr. Holmes," Mrs. Hudson announced. The lady in question entered immediately behind her, without waiting for a by-your-leave. She was dressed in the finest fabrics, the pattern the height of fashion, but there was something vulgar and garish in the effect of the whole. Nor did the style suit either her build, which was Rubenesque to say the least, or her height, which was considerable, or her age, which must have been past forty, squeezing and twisting her into a powdered and painted farce. It was clear from the first precisely what sort of client she would be.

The moment this newcomer entered the room, she rushed straight for Holmes and flung herself into his arms, clutching feebly at his waistcoat. "Oh, please Mr. Holmes!" she cried, breaking into sobs. "The police have been so cruel, but you are a gentleman. You would not simply sit back and allow a lady to suffer. If I have to go another day without knowing, I am sure that I shall..."

"Do take a seat, madam, I implore you," Holmes broke in, pushing her gently but firmly away and depositing her into the nearest armchair. It was against his nature to interrupt a woman, even a hysterical one, but to allow himself to be touched in so familiar a way by a stranger was even more foreign to his temperament. Holmes strongly dislikes physical contact which he does not initiate, unless it comes from a person whom he knows very well. I, of course, am allowed almost any liberty; Mrs. Hudson is permitted, occasionally, to pat his hand; Mycroft may, if he likes (though generally he does not), clap Holmes on the shoulder or the back. That is all, except, perhaps, for Lestrade, who might possibly be forgiven a friendly touch on the arm, but who would never be so bold as to attempt the manoeuvre. To be touched by any other but we few is abhorrent to Holmes, particularly in such a very personal way. Once he had managed to peel our visitor off of him, he quickly retreated to the other armchair, stopping only long enough to put out his pipe and return it to the pipe-rack.

Holmes is usually generous in his dealings with the opposite sex, but just now he was too rattled to offer her his handkerchief as a gentleman ought to a lady in distress. It was left to me to hurry over to her and press a clean square of cambric into her hand. "Thank you, Dr. Watson," she hiccoughed, and blew her nose uproariously. I was not surprised that she knew who I was. My fame has spread as Holmes's has and, while I shall never be either so well-known or so well-beloved as he is, it was hardly shocking that she should be able to guess the identity of other man in the sitting room of Baker Street.

"Please, do tell us what's troubling you, Missus..."

"Matilda Fordyse, Doctor," she replied. "Mrs. Charles Fordyse, I should say, but my dear Charlie has been gone for ever so many years now." She looked at me, and then at Holmes, choosing her victim. My heart sank as her gaze settled back on me. "Though, of course, his memory remains ever green in my heart," she added sententiously.

"I have no doubt of it, madam," Holmes interposed smoothly. I heard, though she could not, the amusement in his voice, and the slightest hint of annoyance. It was not that he was remotely threatened by this ridiculous personage--nor should he have been--but no man appreciates witnessing another attempting to lay claim to that which is his, however ineptly. "Perhaps you had best tell us why it is you came to see us today."

"It's my diamonds, Mr. Holmes," she wailed, breaking into a fresh peal of horribly theatrical sobs. "You see, I was wakened in the small hours of the morning..."

I wish I could say that I recalled the precise words of Mrs. Fordyse's account, or even the general structure of her tale. Usually, my memory for conversation is exceptionally good; I have a talent for remembering the patterns of a person's speech, the sorts of words that they choose. I have attempted throughout my life to cultivate this gift, which has been a tremendous help to me in my writing. My ability to quote back conversations nearly word for word was, I think, one of the first things which convinced Holmes that there might be more to me than met the eye, for he discovered it quite early in our acquaintance. But of Mrs. Fordyse's presentation of her case I can remember hardly a syllable beyond that first sentence, and for that, Holmes is to blame.

No one else--with the possible exception of Mycroft Holmes, around whom, I think, my Holmes would not have tried such a trick--could have called Holmes's glances lascivious. Strictly speaking, they were really nothing of the kind. It was not that he looked at me as though he intended to drag me off to his bed and ravish me. It was that he looked at me in a perfectly benign way, but that, knowing him as I do, I was absolutely certain that he was thinking about dragging me off to his bed and ravishing me.

I have known for years, of course, that Holmes and I are exceptionally skilled at communicating without speech. We have to be, when on a case. There is nothing supernatural about it--we cannot have true conversations by our eyes alone--but warnings and simple orders are easy enough for us to communicate in that way. Nor has this wordless rapport been absent heretofore from the more personal side of our partnership.

Holmes is not a man to whom declarations of affection come easily. He has used the word 'love' to describe his feelings for me precisely three times in the thirteen years since the commencement of our affair The first was just after I had been bitten by Dr. Roylott's pet snake, when Holmes feared that not even the potent antidote he had carried with him in case of such an emergency would be enough to save me; I lived in despite of his grim prognostications, and kissed him when he tried to insist we forget the whole thing, and thus did we pass from friends to something more. The second came on the morning of my marriage, just before we left for the church, and too late to do any good; the dramatic increase in his cocaine usage (against my strenuous protests) in the six months before my proposal to Miss Morstan had made things so bad between Holmes and me that, when I saw my chance of a quiet life with a woman whose temperament suited mine, I took it, and, while my marriage was overall a happy one, I will never cease to regret the pain which I so callously caused to Holmes. And the third time, it was on the day he returned from the dead. From the guilty knowledge that I had deserted him long before he did the same to me, I was swifter to forgive him for the cruel act of allowing me to suppose him dead than I might otherwise have done, but even so, I did not pardon him instantly; I required a certain amount of wooing to win back into his arms. I believe I may have resisted him for as long as ten minutes. After five years without kissing him, and three believing I should never have the chance to do so again, I could not possibly have been expected to hold out any longer than that.

I seem to have wandered in my discourse--easy enough to do, when Holmes is my subject--but my point is this: only in extreme circumstances does Holmes say that he loves me in so many words. He is uncomfortable, too, with hearing me voice the same sentiment, though I am driven to it far more often than he would prefer. But I have never had leisure to doubt his feelings, because the emotions which his lips are reluctant to express are communicated to me daily by his eyes. Though not all of the intelligence which he delivers in that fashion is quite so innocent. "Faster" and "harder" and "there" are three commands for which his unspoken vocabulary is remarkably precise.

In general, he reserves these carnal communiqués for when we are alone. But now he was shooting me sidelong glances, as often as he could manage, which advertised only too clearly (to me, at any rate) his less-than-innocent intentions. At first, all I could read was that he wanted me, and soon, but when he was sure that I was following his general drift he gave a tiny, feline smile and began to specify. A quick look at my neck, and I could almost feel his fingers there; another to my hand, and the warmth of his lips encircled a knuckle. If we were alone, I should undo all those buttons, one by one, his eyes informed me, as Mrs. Fordyse narrated the tale of the theft of her diamonds, and strip off your trousers, too, until you stood completely bare before me. I, of course, would remain entirely clothed. (This last he communicated quite ingeniously by a sort of waggle of his eyebrows and one long glance down the whole of his own form.) I should take my time with you, paying due heed to those interesting parts of the body which so often go ignored--"the delicate flesh inside your elbow, and the tops of your feet, and the curve of your hips. I should kiss you until your lips, and mine too, were as red as those infernal geraniums with which Mrs. Hudson insists upon cluttering our dinner table. And then I should push you back until you sat on the edge of your writing desk, and open my trousers, and pull your ankles onto my shoulders, and… At which point the incorrigible man looked me full in the face, just for a moment, and then transferred his full attention to our client, with an expression as innocent as a choirboy.

It was thus that I came to miss Mrs. Fordyse's account, and to find myself very red in the face at the end of it. Fortunately Holmes, unearthly creature that he is, seemed to have managed simultaneously to tease me into near insensibility and to hear every word.

"Just to be sure I have it clear in my own mind, permit me, Mrs. Fordyse, to summarize," Holmes said pleasantly. "Your diamond necklace has disappeared from the locked traveling case where it was kept in your room at Claridge's hotel. You think that you saw the thief enter the room sometime in the small hours of the night, though you believed at the time that your vision of a dark figure was little more than a dream or a flight of fancy. And you are of the opinion that the police have not been sufficiently assiduous in their efforts to apprehend this midnight intruder and recover your jewels. Is that the general shape of things?"

"Yes, that is it precisely." She simpered at him. "Do you suppose you might be able to help me? I know it must not seem much of a challenge to a man of such tremendous intelligence as yours, Mr. Holmes, but it would mean so very much to me."

The repetition of the salient points had been for my benefit, and, while it was entirely Holmes's fault that I required such a review, I was grateful all the same. Not that the details would matter very much, I thought. Such a commonplace theft would no doubt be cleared up in an hour or two; there was no chance whatever of Holmes taking the case. Overemotional women who mislay their diamonds have not a hope of holding the interest of my supremely fastidious lover--unless the theft is accompanied by at least half-a-dozen strange and seemingly impossible circumstances, and a pronounced puzzlement to half of Scotland Yard and the entire constabulary.

"I should be happy to accept your case."

It is a minor miracle that I did not leap from my chair in shock. I am sure my eyes went wider than the Atlantic, however. Holmes did not look at me, but the corner of his mouth quirked as he stepped past me to extend a hand to our visitor, raising her effortlessly from her chair in despite of her bulk. I swear to heaven that she actually fluttered her lashes at him. "Oh, thank you, Mr. Holmes."

He smiled back at her, but swallowed in an emphatic fashion indicative, to my trained eye, of severe disgust. "Think nothing of it, madam." He had an effort peeling her hand from his, but his native gallantry is such that he relocated it only to just below his elbow.

I remained in my seat, frozen with bafflement, as Holmes and our client proceeded towards the door. When they passed behind my chair, Holmes reached out his free hand and brushed his fingers across the back of my neck, his body preventing Mrs. Fordyse seeing that intimate act. I drew in a sharp breath. For a moment, I thought that this sudden touch, our first since yesterday, was his surrender, and then I recalled that Mrs. Fordyse's presence permitted us as much contact as we could exchange without arousing suspicion.

"Come along, then, Watson," Holmes bid me, in his most peremptory tone, and it all fell into place. That was why he had taken the case--because he wanted me out of the house, in public, where he could touch me! It had nothing whatever to do with this horrible woman or her diamonds. I almost laughed aloud. There was only one proper plan of attack.

"I think I shall stay here, Holmes. It does not sound as though you will require either my medical knowledge or my revolver at your back, and I'm feeling a bit unwell. I trust you won't mind."

He did mind, very much, if the incensed look on his face were anything to go by. Holmes does hate to have his schemes anticipated, much less foiled, and he could tell from my expression and my refusal that I had caught on to his plan. "Of course not, doctor," he ground out, the title a mark of disfavour. "I do hope it's not anything serious?"

"Only a slight headache," I replied breezily. I stood and took our visitor by her free hand. "I hope you will forgive me, Mrs. Fordyse. Rest assured, you are in the most capable of hands. It was a pleasure to make your acquaintance."

"And yours, Dr. Watson," she said, giving me a look full of none-too-veiled significances. "Perhaps we shall..."

She did not even have time to finish the sentence, for Holmes had contrived, innocently as you please, to manoeuvre her out the door ahead of him. He shot me one last incensed look over his shoulder, to which I responded with a smirk and a wave of my hand, and then they were gone.

For some minutes after Holmes's departure, I attempted to amuse myself with my novel, but the fatigue of my disturbed night, in combination with the after-effects of Holmes's teasing, made concentration impossible. I tramped down to tell Mrs. Hudson not to worry about lunch--though she promised me a sandwich when I wanted it--and then headed back upstairs for a nap.

My lonely bed was even less appealing at noon than it had been at midnight. It was only after I had given in to the memory of Holmes's insistent eyes running over my body and taken myself in hand, pulling a quiet climax from my reluctant flesh, that I finally managed to lull myself to sleep.

I must have been far more tired than I realized--understandable, I suppose, given my professional exertions the day before and the subsequent poor night's sleep--for I slept away most of the afternoon. It was nearly five when I woke to find Holmes sitting cross-legged at the foot of my bed. As I stirred and propped myself up on my elbows, he turned away from the window and towards me.

There was something off about his expression. His aspect was decidedly hangdog, but it was not his usual melancholy. "What's wrong?" I asked, sitting back against the headboard.

There was a long pause, and then he announced, "By the time I arrived, the Yard had finally been called in." This remark was followed by a sigh of the most profound character.

I frowned. "I fail to see what is so very horrifying about that. If you think that your reputation will be dented by the acceptance of one less than fascinating case, you are vastly overreacting."

Holmes shook his head, his eyes positively mournful. "On this occasion, I wish my reputation had been tarnished. It was not the presence of the officials in general; it was the specific representative they elected to dispatch."

I began to get an inkling. "Not..."

Of an instant, he flung himself backwards, landing precisely six inches to one side of me on the pillows and only just missing the chance to knock himself unconscious on my headboard. His wrist moved to his forehead in an extravagantly dramatic gesture. "Stanley Hopkins!" he groaned pitiably, his eyes fluttering shut as though all his strength had been drained out of him at a blow. "My dear Watson, between our imbecile of a client and the attentions of Inspector Hopkins, what sufferings and torments have I endured this afternoon! You had best kiss me quickly, or I am likely to waste away to nothingness in my despair." He opened one eye a slit and peeked out at me sideways. I, for my part, was convulsed with laughter at his theatrics.

"He can be a little trying," I said, in a voice which attempted to be soothing but lost something as a result of the guffaws that kept slipping their way in sideways.

"Trying! Watson, you are more skilled in understatement than any other man I have ever known. That young idiot is a hundred times more likely to get me arrested for gross indecency than the man I bugger five times a week, the way he slobbers at me in public. The next time I accuse you of making too free with your flattery in print, just mutter 'Hopkins' at me, and I'll soon reconsider."

"I'll be sure to remember," I grinned. "Would you like me to have a talk with him?"

"With the inspector?" A look of intrigued surprise crossed his face, and then he rolled onto his side, propped his head on his hand, and grinned wickedly at me. "Yes, John, I would, but only if I can watch. He's a significantly younger man than you are, after all, and not entirely unhandsome; I can understand why you might feel the need to defend your property. I have so few chances to see you fight for me."

I pulled the pillow from under my head and pommeled him decidedly in the face. "You're as vain as any chorus-girl, Holmes. I haven't the slightest need to fight for you. He is a lovestruck puppy who drives you out of your head, and I am 'the man you bugger five times a week.' The day I lose your affections to Stanley Hopkins is the day I deserve to lose them."

"You haven't touched me in days, you know," he said, affectedly aggrieved. "What is a fellow to think?"

"It's been hardly more than twenty-four hours, and, if you'll only touch me first, I'll be glad to see to your every whim."

"And if you will only touch me first, I shall be glad to see to yours."

"It appears we're at a stalemate, then," I smiled at him. "We shall have to choose another subject. Did you find the diamonds?"

"Mmmm. Snatched up by the chambermaid," he yawned, curling into a ball on the coverlet. "One of those trusty servants who Mrs. Fordyse had specifically absolved from suspicion. They never consider that even trusty servants may have sisters wasting away of consumption who require money for proper care."

My concern must have shown on my face, for he did not wait for me to speak before adding, "I persuaded Mrs. Fordyse not to press charges, seeing that the necklace was recovered so promptly, and that the maid's motive was so sympathetic. I even convinced her not to sack the young thing, by intimating that the girl would feel so beholden to Mrs. Fordyse for her generosity that she should work twice as hard as any other chambermaid in Britain."

"And..."

"And I advised the aspiring villainess of where to find a certain physician who delights in proffering free medical advice. I even mentioned that she should be doing me a personal favor in bringing her sister round, as said physician is so fond of dispensing said advice that he does so unsolicited when necessary, and his poor fellow-lodger is generally the victim."

"A terrible burden for you," I replied. "My medical advice just now should be that you have a bit of a rest yourself. I am beginning to suspect that I am not the only one of us who did not sleep entirely well." It was not a very brilliant deduction; his eyelids had already begun to droop.

He rolled his eyes at me, but in a decidedly sleepy fashion, and, rather than fighting, gave a sort of wriggle which, by some strange phenomenon, situated him under the covers. "If it will make you feel better, doctor," he said, snuggling down into the bed. As I turned to leave him in peace, I heard him mumble drowsily, "I never sleep well without you."

He was trying, no doubt, to get me to come back and kiss him. I admit it was one of his better ploys that day.

Holmes did not sleep nearly so long as I had done, but late enough to miss his supper. I asked Mrs. Hudson to join me at table, however, and we chatted of this and of that--of the high price of beef, and of the fact that, God willing, Her Majesty would soon become our longest-reigning monarch, and of Holmes, of course--so my meal was not a solitary one. Just after the dishes had been cleared away Holmes appeared.

The next few hours passed uneventfully, Holmes tinkering away on an experiment at his chemical table and I jotting down notes in my journal, the both of us occasionally pausing in our labours for a bit of conversation. As we had both slept in the afternoon we neither of us tired early, but by midnight I found myself ready for bed. I rose from my chair, conscious by the creaking of my bones of the creeping advance of age upon me, and turned to find Holmes not two feet in front of me. I jumped nearly out of my skin.

"Sweet God in heaven, Holmes, I know that you aspire to the career of catburglar, but when you intend to practice crossing rooms without making a sound, you might have the decency to warn a fellow!"

He laughed in his silent way, and extended an arm into the space between my own arm and my body to grasp the edge of the desk. "I do beg your pardon, my dear fellow." He leaned nearer, until I could feel the warmth of him. "Were you planning on turning in for the night?"

"The thought had crossed my mind," I answered. Not to be outdone, I inched nearer to him in my turn, holding his eyes.

"I don't suppose you'll be joining me." His neck was crooking, his face turning, his eyelids slipping as they had yesterday night, and I, once again, found myself powerless to do anything but mimic his prelude to a kiss.

"I don't suppose I shall," I breathed against his lips, now scandalously near mine.

"Pity." I shivered from the feeling of it. "In that case," our proximity was such that I could actually hear him smile, "Good-night, Watson."

"Good-night, Holmes," I replied, more promptly than I had managed yesterday, but with the most unpardonable wobble in my voice. By the time I opened my eyes I found myself once again alone, and turned to trudge my weary way to bed.