Sam's Naked Adventures
by LeighKent

Sam runs into an old classmate.

Sam's Naked Adventures Ch. 03

Sam slept until almost 11:00 the next morning. She woke with Gary's cum still dried on her breasts. As had become her routine she walked out the back door naked and dove into the pool. It was sunny and hot already and Sam knew that if she didn't pick up some sun screen she would burn today. Climbing out of the pool she toweled off and went inside to shower and dress. Since she wasn't planning on staying dressed any longer than necessary she didn't wear much. Sam selected a simple light blue sundress and sandals opting to not wear anything underneath.

Sam drove the two miles to one of the local shopping villages near home and went into the drug store. Selecting a tube of sun screen she went to the register to pay. As she was getting her change a young woman walked up behind her.

"Sam, is that you?"

Sam turned. It was Elana, the girl she had seen getting fucked behind the high school the night before. She was dressed in a baggy grey t-shirt, cut off blue jean shorts that barely covered her ass and a pair of black Vans shoes. Her brown hair was pulled into a ponytail.

"Hi Elana, how are you?" Sam replied taking her change and moving from in front of the register.

Elana stepped up putting a prescription box of birth control pills on the counter. "I'm awesome thanks. How did your first year of college go?"

Sam replied, "I can't complain, it's good to have a break though."

"I know what you mean Sam. I love where I am and studying modern dance is what I've always wanted to do but it's nice to be home for the summer. Are you busy right now?"

"No, I've got some time to kill. What's up?"

"Want to walk around the corner and grab some lunch from the little pub behind the pharmacy?"

"Sure," Sam replied, "lets go."

Sam and Elana walked the short distance to the pub chatting about their first year of college life. They took a seat at one of the outdoor tables and each ordered a cheese burger. Once the food came Elana took her first bite.

"God I missed these things," she exclaimed rolling her eyes.

"I know what you mean, these are the best." Sam agreed.

The two girls continued chatting through lunch. As the meal was winding down Sam asked Elana, "So how long have you and Zach been an item?"

"We're not an item." Elana replied with a questioning look on her face, "I've only seen him once in the year since we graduated and that was last night. What made you think we were together?"

Sam stammered trying to come up with an explanation

"Why are you blushing?" Elana asked.

Sam looked down at her hands as she answered, "Because I saw the two of you at the high school last night and just assumed..." her voice trailing off.

Elana looked at Sam's obvious discomfort and started laughing. "Oh Sam, don't be embarrassed. I was the one naked and getting fucked silly, not you. What were you doing up there that time of night anyway?"

"It was sort of a dare. I was dropped off at the athletic complex behind the school and had to make my way to the tennis courts to be picked up without getting caught." Sam replied turning an even deeper shade of red then bit her bottom lip and looked down at the hands.

Not willing to let Sam off the hook so easily Elana pressed, "Come on Sam, out with it, what sort of lame dare is that?"

"Well, I had to do it naked." was Sam's weak reply.

Elana's eyes went wide then she began to laugh. Once she had control of herself she said, "Sam you've got to tell me the whole story."

"Okay, I will but it's a bit long and I don't want to tell it here," Sam replied. "Follow me to my house and I'll tell you everything once we're there."

Standing up Elana said, "Let's go, I can't wait to hear this."

The two young women drove the short distance to Sam's home. Elana followed Sam through the house. Stopping in the kitchen Sam grabbed two bottles of water from the fridge and they went out to the lounge chairs near the pool.

Sam started from the beginning telling Elana about her sister's pictures and videos, her own naked explorations of her yard, the golf course and meeting Jim. She told about Carol catching her on video and in person and how Carol had been responsible for coming up with the scheme at the high school. She confessed to getting so turned on watching Elana and Zach fucking in public that she found a random guy on the track and asked him to fuck her at the tennis court. She ended by telling Elana about the video of her using the rabbit vibe she even told her about her and Carol masturbating in the car with it later. Sam finished speaking and nervously waited on Elana's response.

"That was all so fucking hot! I love being naked where I'm not supposed to be too! That's why I wanted Zach to fuck me at the school. I wanted to video us but he wouldn't go along with it."

"I may be able to help you with that if you really want me to." Sam said as she pulled the video she recorded of them the previous night up and handing her phone to Elana.

Elana watched the video on Sam's phone. Unconsciously her hand dropped between her thighs touching herself briefly before realizing that Sam was watching her. Pulling her hand back up she said, "Sorry, this is all making me really horny."

Sam laughed, "Don't worry, I get it. I've touched myself a lot the last few days."

"Why did the camera start shaking when I was jerking Zach off?" Elana asked.

"Because I had trouble holding it still while I was cumming." admitted Sam.

Elana's laugh filled the backyard. "So you were playing with yourself while we were playing with each other. I love it!"

"Guilty as charged." replied Sam. "It wasn't enough though which is why I had to find someone to fuck me after you two left."

Elana's reply surprised Sam, "You could have just joined us if you wanted."

To her surprise Sam found herself very turned on by Elana's suggestion and her face heated. Elana was standing now that the video was over and sort of ambling around looking at the backyard.

"It is really secluded back here isn't it." Elana commented. "Would you be interested in having a partner in crime during these nude outings of yours? I'd love to join in if you will let me."

"You mean that, you're not just teasing me are you?"

Elana quickly pulled her top over her head. Bra-less she dropped it to the ground and unbuttoned her shorts. Stepping out of them she kicked off her Vans then removed the tiny thong she had been wearing. "Does this answer your question?"

She was about six inches taller than Sam with dark brown hair, upturned B cup breasts, a flat firm tummy, a bare pussy, long well toned legs and an incredibly perfect ass. "God you're beautiful," was all Sam could say.

Elana put her hands on her hips and arching an eyebrow asked, "Aren't you joining me?"

Snapped out of her daze by the question Sam stood, kicked off her sandals then reached behind her and unzipped her sundress allowing it to fall at her feet.

"I wish I had your tits," Elana said. "Are those heavy?"

"I don't know. I guess I'm kinda used to them."

Elana approached, her eyes fixed on Sam's 32D breasts. "May I touch them?"

"If you want." replied Sam as she stepped out of her sundress.

Elana moved behind Sam and reached around her. Sliding her arms between Sam's arms and body she moved closer until Sam could feel Elana's nipples against her back. Her hands ran along the sides of Sam's breasts sliding under then and hefting them several times. Sam's breathing was getting deeper and she was growing wetter by the second. Elana brought her hands up the front of Sam's breasts finding her nipples which she gave a slight tug before removing her hands and backing away.

"Thanks for letting me feel them. They are heavy." Elana said.

Sam, very aroused by Elana touching her breasts, didn't trust her voice not to betray her. "Sure," was all she could make herself say.

In the silence that followed Elana asked, Since you've seen me cumming and I haven't seen you would you be willing to show me the video of you getting off at the tennis court?"

In reply she sat on the lounge chair and opened the video on her phone. Elana sat beside her, their bare hips touching. As Elana watched Sam on video fucking herself with the black rabbit vibrator her hand moved to her bald pussy and she began to lightly stroke her clit unconsciously. After a minute Sam began to touch herself as well. By the end of the video both women were obviously very aroused. Elana was the first to speak.

"Sam, I'm horny as hell and I know you are too. Didn't you say something about having some toys around here? I mean if we're going to have these naked adventures together we may as well get used to masturbating in front of each other as well."

"Yeah, they're up in my bedroom. Lets go see what we can find." Sam replied more quickly than she could believe.

As Sam climbed the stairs to her room Elana, several steps behind her said, "I'm glad to see it's not just me that's soaking wet right now."

They entered Sam's bedroom and Sam opened the suitcase containing her sister's sex toys. "Take your pick."

"Wow, she does have quite the assortment," Elana observed. Picking up the huge brown dildo she commented, "I've never seen a real one anywhere close to this size. Have you?"

"Maybe not quite that size but from what I could tell the other night Jim at the golf course is pretty close."

Placing the giant dildo back in the bag Elana picked up the wand, "Ever used one of these?"

"No," replied Sam

Elana Plugged the wand into the wall and directed Sam to get on the bed. Sam complied. Elana handed her the wand, "Spread your legs, and put it against your clit she directed. You probably want to start with the low setting, its pretty powerful."

Sam did as she was told. The second the vibe touched her clit the powerful vibrations had her instantly on the edge of orgasm. Taking it away from her clit briefly she told Elana, "Oh my God that's incredible!"

"May I join you," Elana asked?

Sam turned off the wand, "How do you mean?

"Raise your right knee."

Sam did, looking into the other woman's eyes. Elana got on the bed and moved into a position scissoring with Sam, the head of the wand between them. "Turn it back on."

Sam turned the wand back on and was again instantly brought back to the edge of orgasm. She felt Elana grinding against the wand making it move against her pussy. Sam began grinding against the wand as well. Both young women were moaning, their bodies locked together wreathing in ecstasy as Elana began to fondle Sam's breasts. In no more than two minutes Sam called out, "Oh God, here I cum!" Her orgasm broke like a dam from a flood, the powerful vibe spraying her fluids all over them both. As soon as Elana felt Sam's cum hitting her body her own orgasm erupted splattering the two of them with her juices as well.

Once their orgasms subsided Sam turned off the wand and Elana fell away from her slightly lying flat on the bed their legs still intertwined. "Oh my God Sam that was incredible." She said breathlessly as she recovered from her orgasm.

Sam, still in the process of recovering herself replied, "That was my first time with another woman. I know I'm not a lesbian but you gave me the best orgasm of my entire life and I'll never forget it. I also know myself well enough to admit that I hope this wasn't just a one time thing between us." The tone in Sam's voice making it clear that it was more of a question as she looked into Elana's eyes.

Elana gazed back at Sam seeing the apprehension on her face. In reply she moved her face toward the other woman's, their eyes locked together. She pressed her hands to each side of Sam's face and gently their lips met. It may have begun gently but it quickly became more hungry as lips parted and tongues danced together while their hands explored each others fit young bodies. Elana rolled on top of Sam as they kissed passionately.

Breaking contact with Sam's lips she lowered her head kissing her chin then moving further to kiss and suck gently on her neck as her hands played with Sam's full breasts. Hearing Sam moan in pleasure Elana continued to work her way lower kissing and licking as she did. Arriving at her breasts she spent several minutes licking, sucking and lightly biting each nipple in turn.

"Oh my God that feels so good!"

Elana's response to Sam's verbal appreciation was to move still lower kissing and licking her way down Sam's slender belly. As she neared her belly button she could taste the mixture of Sam's and her own juices from their earlier climax. Continuing lower Elana finally arrived at her destination.

Sam couldn't believe how wonderful Elana's mouth and tongue felt on her body. No previous lover had ever been as attentive or gentle. She gasped as she felt Elana spread her lips and blow gently across her clit. She waited, her expectation growing, wanting to feel those amazing lips on her clit.

Elana knew exactly what Sam was wanting for but planned to make her wait just a bit longer. Instead she said, "You know, most guys just dive straight onto the clit and neglect giving everything down here the attention it deserves. I think by the time I'm finished you'll agree."

"OH GOD!" ,Sam exclaimed as she felt Elana's tongue begin to slowly lick the sensitive area between her pussy and asshole. Sam had no idea before now that it even existed. After a bit of time exploring her taint Elana's tongue moved upward exploring the exterior of Sam's small labia being careful to avoid her clit, for now anyway.

Sam's breathing was growing more labored by the second. Elana looked up her body watching her breasts rise and fall then dove her tongue deep into the other woman's pussy, lapping up her juices like the sweet nectar they were.

"OH MY GOD, YES!" Sam almost screamed as she felt her orgasm approaching. Elana immediately withdrew her tongue and stopped all stimulation waiting for Sam to back away from the threshold of release. Sam, whose eyes had been clenched tightly shut looked down questioningly.

"Don't worry," Elana replied to her look, "I'm not done yet, I just not ready for you to be either."

Once she sensed Sam's excitement had calmed enough for her to continue, Elana moved her index and ring fingers to Sam's slit, moving them up and down to lubricate them with her juices. Having gotten them nicely wet she slid them slowly but effortlessly into Sam's waiting pussy. She was rewarded for her effort by a low moan of pleasure. The moan changed to a gasp as she located Sam's g-spot.

That moment was when Elana struck. Using her free hand to move back the hood covering Sam's clit she wrapped her lips around it and began to simultaneously suck and lick the sensitive nub while applying upward rubbing pressure to her g-spot.

Sam wailed like a banshee, if there were words in that cry they were unintelligible. Her body went rigid involuntarily rising off the bed as her stomach muscles clenched. Her face was screwed into an expression which in any other situation one would mistake for pain as her orgasm crashed through her.

Elana continued sucking, licking and fingering Sam through her orgasm as she felt the cum squirting all over her face. Finally, unable to stand anymore, Sam pushed backward on the bed and separated her sensitive pussy from Elana's talented mouth and fingers. She lay back on the bed gasping for breath and trembling. Elana crawled up the bed to lay beside her and wrapped her arms around the still recovering young woman.

"I hope that second orgasm answered your question about sex between us as just a one time thing," Elana said as they drifted off to sleep.
