Tied up Babysitter

My friend Fred and I are into perpetrating funny and embarrassing pranks on people. We actually have a little rivalry going to see who can out do the other with various tricks and pranks. We have gotten very crafty with all our practice. 
One night my mother was out at a late night function and got a babysitter, more to watch after things while she was gone than actually baby sit me. We watched TV for a few hours and then Susan, the babysitter, nodded off on the couch. Seeing a prime opportunity for some devilish action I got some rope out of the camping gear in the storage closet and managed to tie her hands and feet together before she woke up and realized what was going on. When she woke up she couldn't get free. She seemed a little ticked off at first demanding that I untie her immediately, but I said I would not. She started to get very loud yelling at me so I got a rag and gagged her to keep her quiet. She was trying to yell through the gag but all I could hear was muffled “mmmmfff-ing” from her. Proud of my latest captive I called my friend Fred and insisted he come over. In the meantime with all the struggling to get free her shirt had risen up, exposing her nice waist. I said I would take the gag off only if she agreed to not scream and make a scene. Eventually she nodded yes so I took it off. I told her I would untie her if she kept quiet, if not I would leave her tied and gagged for the rest of the night. She seemed to want to cooperate with me at this point. I slid my hands onto her bare tummy feeling her body. It was nice and warm. I tickled her waist a little and she giggled seeming to actually enjoy it. I felt her body up through her clothes groping her butt and warm crotch. She let me without much protest at all just lying there quietly. 
Fred finally showed up and high-fived me after seeing what I had done. He wanted in on the action. Fred went and got a roll of duct tape and came back. I asked what he was going to do and he said just watch. Fred suggested we take her to my room so we both carried her to my bed. Fred then asked me to come into the living room for a minute. When I did he jumped on me and taped my hands, feet and mouth. Then he went back to my room leaving me struggling like a madman on the carpet. I managed to get my legs lose about a half hour later pulling and stretching my taped up ankles with all my might. Still gagged with tape over my mouth, and my hands taped behind me I made my way down the hall to my bedroom and peeked through the door. Fred had pulled her pants down and her shirt and bra were pulled over her head. He had his fingers between her legs and was pinching her little perky tits! She was bucking back and forth with tape over her mouth with Fred fully in control. Then he rolled her over and started spanking her on her butt and fingering her from behind now. She was helpless but didn’t seem like she was mad. As a matter of fact she seemed to me to be more shuttering in ecstasy. I pushed through the door and Fred was totally surprised that I had managed to get lose. He torn my hands free and I took the tape off my mouth. It was then that Fred's mother called for him to come home. He told me she was all mine now. He left and she was lying there on my bed with her pants around her ankles and her shirt up catching her breath. It was late so I carefully took the tape off her mouth, and asked her if she was going to tell anyone about this. She said she wouldn’t but I had to untie her because her hands hurt. I made her promise and then cut her lose. 

Susan never told on us. As a matter of fact she agreed to baby-sit us again and play more tie up games with us! 



