Eileen The New Girl
by Col-El 

It’s nine o’clock: A young girl with bright blonde is about to start her first day at a brand-new school; her name is Eileen Jones. She’s a high school senior that has spent the past half an hour sleeping through her blaring alarm clock before finally awakening and rushing of to her new school. Eileen has made it on time with everything she needed. A new backpack, new textbooks for each subject. The new girl walks into this strange school with confidence, she felt ready to take on anything; and yet she still felt like something she's missing something important; but she doesn’t know what. Even if the students she walks past were giving her weird looks. She couldn't tell why; she hadn't had done anything yet; had she?

The girl enters a classroom for her first lesson of the day, that being history. However, upon enter the room, all the smartly dressed students start staring at her, stunned, mouths open. Eileen is confused at first, wondering what they were looking at. That is until she looks down to see that she isn’t wearing the school uniform like all the other students; in fact, she wasn’t wearing anything at all. “Oh god no!” Eileen screams, trying to cover her perky breasts; as she finally realises that she forgot to get dressed before leaving the house. The class erupted in laughter over the naked girl before them. Eileen crouches down to hide her hourglass figure and starts crawling up in the corner of the room out of sheer embarrassment. “This can’t be happening. How could I forget my clothes?” She says to herself with tears rolling down her soft cheek. She uses her bag to cover her pussy, despite the students continuing to laugh and take pictures on their smartphones. And yet there was one student who wasn't laughing at the naked person; but rather he watches her in fascination. Not because he found the girl attractive; but rather he thought she was stunning and brave to walk in like this. His name was Jake, he was a tall, skinny boy with dark hair; he was no older than Eileen. "So brave of her to come in wearing nothing but a pair of trainers." He thought upon seeing her, he was desperate to know more about this new girl and what she was all about.

The class finally falls silent as one of the middle-aged teachers walks in, seeing the helpless, naked girl crying on the floor. "Young lady, where is your uniform?!" He asked, demanding an answer. Eileen responds in tears. "I... forgot." The class responds with laughter, the teacher is left with more questions. "What do you mean you forgot?! How do you come to school without clothes on?" The teacher responded aggressively. "I don't know; I could've sworn that I got dressed before leaving the house this morning". Eileen started to cry, barely able to look at the old man standing above her. As the school bell rings, the teacher changed to the topic: "Nevertheless, we must begin today's lesson. So make your way to your seat."
"But I'm naked." Eileen said frightfully. "Well you should've thought about that before coming in" The teacher responds, snidely. "Please can I get something to wear?" Eileen begs the teacher, but he turns her down again, telling that when the bell rings, the lesson begins.

Eileen bites her tongue and is reluctantly made to remain without clothes throughout the lesson as punishment for not conforming to the school’s dress code. She slowly makes her way to her desk and sits with all her fully clothed classmates. While Eileen spends the time trying to cover up her tits with her textbook. Her chunky thighs shivers against her cold plastic seat. She sits next to Jake, who spent the entire lesson hesitant to talk to the naked girl. He wanted to introduce himself to her but didn't know what to say without making her anymore upset about the situation.

After the class ended, Eileen is made to go to the principal’s office in order to explain her state of undress. She sits in the office of a middle-aged lady named Ms Davis. The fully clothed woman asks Eileen: "Why she would come to school with no clothes?" Eileen doesn't know how to answer; she remembers sleeping through her alarm clock, rushing to get ready and bolting out of the door. She could've sworn that she put on some clothes before she left the house. Either way: Ms Davis reminds the poor girl that she could be expelled for this. Eileen begs and pleads with the lady to let her stay; she doesn't want to move to another new school again. "Please! I'm really sorry. I'll do anything if you let me stay." "Is that so?" Ms Davis says.

"You know… Legally speaking we can overlook any alterations to the student dress code only if they're apart of the students religious or deeply held personal believes. And if nudity was a part of your religious believes, well legally I can't discriminate against your choice to not wear clothes." Ms Davis explained that, if Eileen were to self-identify as a nudist, she would have to always remain fully nude on school grounds. Eileen was reluctant to say the least. Being naked in front of her class was one thing; but being naked from now until she graduated was too much for her. But Ms Davis reminded her of her choices. Either get expelled on her very first day of her new school; or claim that nudity is part of her believe system so she could remain without clothes and not be punished for it. Eileen thinks to herself: repeatedly wishing that this was all a horrible nightmare that she would awake from, to end this humiliation. After much thought Eileen accepted the offer.

Eileen continues her first day as the naked laughing stock of the whole school. Walking from one lesson to the next, still being laughed at and teased by the students for being and a “nude slut” and, in the words of the student leading the cheerleading team: "the bimbo that forgot to get dressed this morning.” The male students didn’t mind this though, as Eileen receives nonstop attention from all the boys in her classes, who repeatedly stare at her firm butt checks all throughout the day. While the female students snidely comment on the size of Eileen’s waist, her wide thighs, and the length of her trimmed bush; no matter what book Eileen uses to self-consciously cover her well-formed figure.

It was now lunch time: Everyone was sitting at different table earing with their friends; meanwhile Eileen sits alone on her own table. Nobody wanted to sit with the naked girl; that is except for Jake. The young man hasn’t been able to keep Eileen of his mind ever since she walked into class; now was his chance to introduce himself to her. That’s when Eileen notice the lunch hall go suddenly quiet; she looked up to see everyone stare at a skinny male student wearing nothing but a backpack awkwardly approaching Eileen’s table, lunch tray in hand. “Hello. I’m Jake.” He said, sitting next to the naked girl. His face had turned red with everyone looking at his almost hairless figure. Eileen had no idea what this guy was thinking, but she was just glad that she wasn’t the only one naked. “Eileen.” She says, kindly shaking Jakes hand.
