Alice had stared after the Hatter in utter disbelief until – long after he had gone – Chessur had whooshed gently into existence beside her and purred softly, “It’s getting late... and the Queen told me she would very much like for you to come to dinner tonight.” 

Still dazed with shock and what she suspects is a cracked – but not broken! – heart, Alice had complied, following Chessur back to her rooms. It’s not until he helps himself to her wardrobe and lays a lovely blue evening gown on her bed that she comes (or perhaps returns) to herself.

“Why this dress?” she asks and he pauses guiltily.

“Oh... As I mentioned, the Queen would like you to come to dinner tonight.”

“A... formal dinner?” she confirms, for this dress is far and beyond what would normally be worn to dinner here at the palace.

“Yes, precisely.” And then he stubbornly refuses to say any more on the subject. He wisps away with the parting comment: “I’ll just let the maid know you might need help dressing in that concoction of overindulgence, shall I?”

Alice doesn’t wait for anyone to come to help her. She hides herself in the bathing room and begins washing up. Her dress is ruined, her hair is a nightmare, and she doubts she’ll ever get these berry stains out from under her fingernails. She stares at her hands and, for an unsettling moment imagines it’s not berry juice but blood beneath her nails. Blood or whatever the stains on the Hatter’s hands are... The sight makes her feel unaccountably guilty.

Yes, the activity through which she had acquired these stains had hurt the Hatter (or rather, her participation had) but she had been a victim herself! She had not truly understood the purpose of Lady Philomena’s gathering. Oh, how mortifying it had been to be taken aside by the Queen and have the intricacies of courtier Courting methods explained to her. Suddenly, Philomena’s comment about Alice truly understanding how Courting is done and her reference to Tarrant as a milliner and how Alice had seemed enamored with him had made a terrible sort of sense. 

Courting, for the White Court, is simply a means to an end. That end being drawing the One they truly want to them through jealousy and flirtation.

Alice shudders, hating herself all over again for putting the Hatter through that. For making him think – even for a moment – that she would prefer the company of someone else over his, that she had been using him to gain the attention of another. Why, if he had attended a similar event with another woman Alice would have—!

Alice gasps, dropping her comb which bounces off the rim of the water basin and onto the rug.

Yes, she decides. This emotion she is feeling is heartache. A rather severe one. She swallows, takes a deep breath, and then retrieves the comb. Standing up once more, she regards her reflection. She cannot avoid the truth any longer. Yes, she wants him, but now... 

“The Ha... Tarrant ,” she corrects herself, informs her reflection sternly, “is mine. I want him.” 

When had this become about more than simply winning permission to explore his skin, to taste his kiss, to feel his body against hers? She doesn’t know. But she cannot deny that it has become More. It’s a little frightening, she admits. She had not expected to want More from him. But if she truly believes they are friends and nothing more, then it would not Bother her to contemplate him stepping out with another woman. 

But it does. It Bothers her very much. 

A knock on her bedroom door waylays all other thoughts along these lines. With a sigh, Alice calls for the maid to enter. With the dodo bird’s surprisingly efficient assistance, Alice is bathed, dressed and primped for dinner.

“Is to-night’s dinner a special event?” Alice inquires.

The dodo shrugs her feathery, narrow shoulders. “I wouldn’t know, your ladyship.”

Alice bites back both a sigh and yet another reminder that she is not a lady. 

“Will your Intended be escorting you to dinner?”

“No, I’m going alone tonight.”

“Very well, your ladyship.” A bit of fluffing and fumbling and then the dodo nods. “Ah. There you are. All beautifulled and ready for dinner, ma’am.”

“Thank you, Molta.”

The walk from her rooms down to the dining hall seems... longer than she remembers. Lonelier. She misses the Hatt... Tarrant. (Damnation! Will she never be accustomed to using his given name?!) But despite the urge to have someone – a comforting presence – beside her, she avoids the courtiers. Occasionally, they pause or slow their steps, perhaps tacitly inviting Alice to catch up and chat, but Alice is still too... disconcerted from the afternoon’s event to feel comfortable with any of them now. It is as if, beneath their human-like faces, they are a different creature entirely. And she does not care for their ways at all. 

She thinks of Philomena and wonders if she’ll be cursed to sit next to the woman at dinner. Blast it all, she does not want to deal with explaining her rather rude departure from the festivities. Not yet. Maybe not ever! 

“Lady Alice?”

Please let that voice be a figment of my imagination. A daydream. A waking nightmare... 

It isn’t. It is Sir Geoffrey, just as she’d feared. Alice summons a weak smile for him. She knows she ought to apologize. She’d stammered her hasty explanation – had confessed to misunderstanding the nature of his invitation – and then she had dashed off after the... Tarrant. She forces the words past her lips now.

“Sir Geoffrey. I’m very sorry for my rudeness this afternoon. I should have apologized more...” Genuinely. Sincerely. “... fully.”

With a cautious smile, he waves the words away, swatting them out of the air between them. “I understand completely, Lady Alice. And I would like to apologize for causing you any distress to-day.” 

“Thank you,” she somehow manages. It sounds flat and unfeeling in her own head but Sir Geoffrey doesn’t seem to mind the tone.

“Can I escort you to dinner?” He holds out his arm.

The polite thing to do would be to accept, but suppose that has Other Meanings here? Just as the Lobster Quadrille had?

“Thank you, but no. I would like to have a private word with the Queen before dinner starts.”

The man relaxes his arm and nods. “Then I shall leave you to it. Good evening, Lady Alice.”

She curtsies briefly and he continues on his way. When he has turned the corner, she lets out a breath. No sooner does she do so than a very familiar form brushes past her.

He does not speak, but she would recognize that suit and hat anywhere. She opens her mouth to call him back, but his scent trips her up. It’s not until the... Tarrant also disappears around the corner that she realizes he’d been quite... tense and... had his hands been fisted? Perhaps. 

“Loitering in corridors when everyone is waiting for you?” Chessur muses, his eyes and grin forming in the air in front of her. “Is this how you hone the art of Lateness?”

“Oh, hush,” she informs him and sets off again. She swishes and sweeps into the dining room and surveys the crowd. Her attention is – at once – drawn to the... Tarrant. He is sitting in the same seat he had occupied at that fateful luncheon, at once looking both tense and morose. His hat is – presumably – under his chair again. 

Alice tears her gaze away before he can look up from contemplating his place setting and locates the Queen.

“Miss Alice!” the White Queen greets her warmly. “Thank you for coming to dinner.”

Alice frowns. “I usually come to dinner, do I not, Your Majesty?”

“Ah, yes. But I was most specifically hoping you would make an appearance to-night! Now, if you’ll have a seat, we can begin!”

Even when phrased politely, it’s difficult to refuse a Royal Decree, Alice discovers and, defeated, slides into the indicated seat... which happens to be the one to the right of the... Tarrant’s. Suddenly nervous, she struggles to think of a greeting. The... Tarrant , however, does not seem to be all that interested in greetings this evening. 

“ Why were ye talkin’ ta Sir Geoffrey?” he growls under his breath. 

Alice looks up and follows his yellowish glare to the gravy boat which cringes back against the centerpiece on the table. Irritated all over again (hadn’t they already dealt with this?), Alice hisses back, “ He was talking to me . I was replying.” 

She’s quite pleased with the distinction. It captures both her feelings on the matter (those being her reluctance and irritation at having to speak to the man) and a subtle reprimand. The inference is lost on her seatmate: 

“An’ why woul’ ye be doin’ a thing like tha’?”

Alice grits out, “That is – generally – what one does when one is spoken to. It’s what I’m doing now. I will happily cease and desist if things continue along this vein, however!” 

He twitches at that. His fingers uncurl a bit from the almost-fists they’d slowly been tensing into. “Nay, I...” He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I’m sorry, Alice. I’m fine.”

“Are you?” she checks, fisting her own hand to keep from laying it on his jacket sleeve and then – Oh, bugger this! – Alice reconsiders. She is not (nor has she ever been) afraid of him. She places her hand on his arm and rubs her thumb against the weave. 

He startles a bit and – finally – looks at her. His smile is tremulous, but it is there. 

Around them, the fist course is being delivered along with beverages. They still have a moment before the Queen announces their appreciation for the feast and everyone digs in. (Genteelly, of course.)

She watches as Tarrant’s (yes! At long bloody last! ) gaze conducts a brief inspection of their surroundings. He then leans a bit closer to her – a motion which delivers his ever-mouth-watering scent to her – and confides, “I will try harder, Alice. I promised you a proper courtship and thus far things have been... I am sorry for that. You deserve... better. From me.” 

“From me, as well. I shalln’t try to... persuade you to break your promise anymore. I’m sorry I—”

Tarrant’s brows arc upward at that, then crawl together in thought. Alice would have liked to have finished her apology. She would have liked to have asked after that thought that had just tripped its way through his mind, but the Queen chooses That Moment to stand and address the assembly.

“Good evening, everyone! Thank you all for coming!” the Queen practically sings. “Many of you are, no doubt, suspecting that to-night is a Special Occasion... and you are correct! After much consideration, I have determined which Favor is best suited for Miss Alice Kingsleigh and Mister Tarrant Hightopp.” The Queen holds up a hand to forestall the buzz of whispers that are trembling on the tip of every White courtier’s tongue. “And I shall bestow it upon them... following dinner. We may all look forward to that as we feast upon Underland’s generous bounty.”

The Queen nods and, gesturing daintily, intones, “We thank thee, Underland, for the nourishment you provide. All is well.”

The moment her posterior settles in her chair and the Queen smiles pleasantly in Alice and Tarrant’s direction, the chatter starts.

“Blast,” Alice hisses just loudly enough for Tarrant to hear. “Couldn’t she have waited until after dinner?” With a sigh, Alice lifts a hand to her temple and rubs at the twinge she expects to become a fully blown headache in record time. 

“Rather annoying, isn’t it?” he concurs on a low whisper.

“Or not...” Alice glances at her seatmate – Sir Patrick, thank God – who is debating with his seatmate, Sir Oliver, and decides that the ruckus could work to their advantage. “I rather think we could speak freely on any subject we like and no one would be able to hear us,” she proposes. 

Tarrant’s eyes light up. She can see no trace of yellow irritation in them. “Yes, yes,” he agrees, finding her line of thought and joining a caboose to it. “But they will see us talking and...” 

“And being amiable?” she finishes. “We’re friends, are we not? No matter what other... developments may happen?”

“Aye,” he agrees, the small, creases of worry in his brow smoothing out.

“And when have I ever let what other people think stop me from speaking to someone I consider a friend?”

“To my recollection... never, Alice.” He is fairly glowing at this point and Alice feels her own smile stretching then straining her cheeks. 

She nods. “There you have it then. You’ve promised to do right by me and I... thank you for that. Truly. I shall try to do right by you. It was unfair of me to try to... tempt you, to break the rules...”

“Alice,” he says, leaning close on the pretext of reaching for the flinching gravy boat, “I must confess...” His voice lowers considerably until it is nothing more than a whisper of warmth and closeness: “I quite enjoyed it when you broke the rules.” 

“Did you?” she manages to mouth on a breath.

“Aye. But I shouldn’t have. I shouldn ’ t have. And I won’t any longer!” he warns her in the tone of a man who has made up his mind. 

“I’ll behave,” she promises. “It’ll be just like the Hedgehog Chase. Day in and day out.”

“And in between?” he asks with a raised brow.

She sighs. “ And in between. And when I feel the urge to... ahem , I shall remind myself that two weeks is not so long.” 

The gravy boat clatters to the tabletop, nearly tipping over and splashing its contents on the orchids at the center of the table. The flowers raise quite a ruckus over the near miss which draws several gazes but makes it impossible for Alice and Tarrant to be overheard.

“ Alice ,” he scolds her, his lips twitching and his bow tie brighter and fuller than she can ever recall seeing it, “ please. Not while I am transporting delicate food vessels!” 

“I beg your pardon,” she replies, watching him reach for his water glass. “This self-control business is rather new to me.”

He chokes on the scented water and she watches his fingers tighten around the stem of the flute glass. “I appreciate your... efforts then,” he manages, suddenly looking rather... strained. 

“It would be easier if you didn’t smell so utterly delectable,” she grumbles, hoping to turn his attention away from whatever dark thought had snagged it.

He blinks and – forgetting the fact that nearly half of the attendees are watching them openly and the other half are sending periodic sidelong glances their way (all except the Queen, of course, who seems quite enamored with her rice pudding) – gapes at her. “I... You think I...”

“Irresistible,” she confirms very quietly though a bright smile. “So I’ll thank you to keep your torment of me to a minimum.”

“I shall try,” he promises then raises his glass to hers. They touch the crystal rims to each other and toast their new (or would it be reinstated? ) agreement. 

Supper continues and it is not the tremendous affair Alice had feared it would be, not with Tarrant sharing occasional comments with her. They discuss the temperament of the food, the inclination of the courtiers to do cartwheels, and the likelihood of a dish running away with a spoon.

It is lovely. 

So, of course it doesn’t last.

Alice leans back in her chair with a sigh of contentment. Truly, the dessert had been exquisite. Nearly as wonderful as... She gives herself a brief shake and the memory of Tarrant’s mouth slanting hungrily over hers dissolves.

And then the sound of a crystal flute glass being gently tapped by a silver spoon rings out. “Your attention, please! Members of the White Court and our guests of honor—” The Queen smiles pointedly in Alice and Tarrant’s direction. Alice realizes with a start that she had nearly forgotten the purpose of the elaborate dinner. She glances at Tarrant, who glances at her, and both glances contain equal servings of Worry. “—shall we adjourn to the Gilded Hall?”

The Queen gestures to several frog footmen who are waiting to escort everyone to their destination. Alice finds this odd and shares it with Tarrant. “Why do we need a guide?” she murmurs aloud as he assists her with her chair then pauses to collect his hat from beneath his own.

“Do you happen to know where the aforementioned room is located?” he whispers back.

Alice shakes her head. She notices the barely-contained excitement in the air and the obvious curiosity on every single painted face. “Perhaps none of them do, either?”

“The Gilded Hall,” the Queen quietly informs them as she floats closer, “is reserved for only the most Special of Occasions.”

Alice feels her brows rise. “You really needn’t go to any trouble over us, Your Majesty...”

“Nonsense, dear Alice,” the Queen replies very happily. “I shall go to as much trouble as I like. I am the Queen again, you know.” She tilts her head in their direction in the approximation of a bow. “Thanks to the two of you. And now, hopefully, I have the opportunity to repay the favor.”

Alice watches as the Queen floats away. Unthinkingly, she reaches out and grasps Tarrant’s wrist. “Is it... wrong of me to not feel comforted by that?” 

She glances to the side and is met with his own expression of concern. “If it is wrong, then we are doubly wrong,” he answers, gently twisting his arm from her grasp and then offering her his elbow. 

“Sorry,” she whispers, placing her hand properly on his forearm. 

“I will never require an apology from you for reaching out to me, Alice,” he informs her. “Although, perhaps, at times, it might not be the wisest course of action. A well enunciated Fez is quite effective at... unstable moments.” 

“Fez,” she murmurs, nodding, testing the word. “I’ll keep that in mind.” Although she can’t imagine a moment unsettling enough to call for its use.

“ Ahem ,” someone croaks from the left and a bit... well... down from them. They both turn and regard the frog footman waiting to lead them from the room. “If you’ll both follow me?” 

“Oh! I beg your pardon,” Tarrant replies and, with a bow of apology to the footman, falls into step behind him. Alice matches his stride, which she suspects he consciously shortens when they are walking together, and tries not to think too much on the Royal Favor she and Tarrant had (unfairly) won. In retrospect, that event had seemed horribly weighted in her and Tarrant’s favor. Perhaps someday she will ask the Queen about it. She wonders if she’ll get a straight answer.

The assistance of the frog footman turns out to be quite unnecessary as they merely follow in the wake of excited chatter and delighted giggles. “I doubt we would have gotten lost,” she says in an aside.

Tarrant giggles and Alice gives him her undivided attention. “Yes, yes! But we do have a reputation for being... wayward.” 

Alice feels a blush heat her cheeks at the reminder. Yes, she had stood in front of the Queen herself and more or less declared her intention to waylay her Intended as often as possible. “Ah. Yes.” 

They file into the indicated room and Alice tries to not feel anxious as they walk between two lines of courtiers (the frogs must have arranged them thus – Alice highly doubts they could have managed the formation on their own) toward the low dais on which the queen and a simple, waist-high pedestal stand. 

The White Queen reaches out a hand and beckons them closer, then up the three low steps to the stage. With another flutter of her hands, she waves them toward the white, marble pedestal until Alice stands on one side and Tarrant on the other. This forces her to drop her hand from his arm and she’s surprised by how... very uncomfortable she feels once she is unable to maintain some connection – no matter how superficial – to his warmth and solidity. Her fingers curl in on themselves and she tells herself to resist any other evidence of sudden and overwhelming uncertainty and shyness. She tries to ignore the fact that dozens of eyes are on her, that she is on display on a platform that, except for the indoor location and lack of trellis, could be a gazebo... 

Mouth dry, she licks her lips and looks up at Tarrant. He seems just as uncomfortable as she is. Alice makes a mental note that – should she ever be invited to another Hedgehog Chase – she will, most definitely, be spending the day in bed with a migraine. (She doubts the headache will even be a work of fiction. All she’ll have to do is remember this moment and... voilà! A perfectly authentic headache.) She drops her gaze to the empty pedestal and hopes – with all her might – that Thackery is going to pop out from behind a tapestry and place a bowl of squimberry puffs on this very spot. Perhaps for her to toss at the crowd, March Hare Style.

“Ah!” the Queen observes, evidently very pleased with Alice and Tarrant’s positions across from each other. She looks from one to the other and says in a soft tone that carries through the utterly silent room, “Now, Alice, Hatta...”

Alice cannot resist looking up at that quiet yet commanding maternal tone. Tarrant also follows her example; his gaze is drawn to the Queen’s pale face and gentle smile.

“The Favor I give to you is the thing which I believe the two of you require above all else. Before I offer that, I would ask that you do one thing for each other...” She takes a step back, lifts her hands to her head and very deliberately removes the white gold crown with its aquamarine gems from her head. Alice watches as she places it upon the pedestal.

“The Crown of Underland is more than simple metal and precious stones,” the Queen begins, “as each lord and lady present here knows.” She lifts her gaze and addresses the audience. “Each lord and lady here has placed their hand upon the Crown with mine and in doing so they have Seen into my heart, just as I have Seen into theirs. This is how the White Court has always been chosen and how I know that each and every person here is precious and unique and devoted to the peace and wellbeing of all of Underland.” 

The Queen pauses and directs her attention to first Tarrant and then Alice. “My friends, Revolution Leader and Champion, I invite you to Know each other. Place your hands upon the Crown and Look into the other’s heart.”