Part 6

Vin settled back against a post with not much more than a twinge, leaving one bare foot on the ground while he propped the other up next to him on the porch. He wasn’t as sore as he had expected to be and he figured he was pretty lucky that Chris had been so insistent on taking things slow. At the time it had been frustrating, but damned if it didn’t make him appreciate Chris a little more once he wasn’t horny half out of his mind. It had been a long time for him, and sitting in the saddle all day again with a sore ass would have been hell.

Vin chuckled softly to himself and shook his head slightly. He would’ve rushed things and been a lot more uncomfortable to pay for it if Chris hadn’t flat refused to move on to the actual fucking until he was satisfied that Vin was ready. Chris hadn’t ever been with a man before him, but he'd done so much with women that he knew exactly how to go about it. Next time Vin wasn’t going to waste his breath arguing that he wasn’t made of glass, he was going to just lie back and enjoy being driven out of his mind. It had been embarrassing that Chris had been so fascinated by playing with his ass after he accidentally found that spot inside that made Vin writhe like a cat in heat, but it had felt so good that Vin sure wouldn’t be complaining any time soon.

He looked off down the meadow, grinning as he made out the dark shapes of Pony and Peso. They were both grazing but Peso’s blazed face kept lifting to look towards Vin, making it easy to tell them apart even in the moonlight. He figured it wouldn’t be long before Pony noticed he was there and headed in. The gelding couldn’t hardly resist if he saw Vin or Chris sitting on the porch. Pony was a firm believer in begging, mostly because Chris and Vin were both hard-pressed to ignore the loyal gelding’s pleas for affection or a treat.

Vin tipped his head back with a smile and looked up at the sky to check the weather while he waited for the horses to wander up. There were clouds riding a freshening wind past the moon in a constant stream towards the east as fast as a horse could run, but they obviously weren’t anything to worry about. The fragile wisps of vapor didn’t even block out the moonlight, barely solid enough to call clouds as they caught the light and seemed almost to glow from within. The night was much brighter than a half-moon normally was because of that silvery glow, which made it easy to see even under the porch overhang.

Vin looked off down the meadow again after a minute or two and chuckled softly to himself when he saw the horses were on the move. Pony was cantering towards the cabin well ahead of Peso, who was following at a slow trot and still often ducking his head to grab a bite of grass. Pony was likely hoping for his breakfast even though dawn was most of two hours away yet, but he would be almost as happy with a little attention. Peso only followed along just in case Pony was right about the grain.

Vin and Chris planned to ride out early, mostly because they had worked up an appetite last night, and Vin figured that he might as well feed the horses. After the stew Chris had made the night before, they didn’t have much food left other than jerky that Chris was in no hurry to eat because Vin had rubbed an extra helping of ground-up hot peppers on the last batch he made. It would save them some time later to have the horses stalled and ready to saddle up, and gave him something to do until Chris woke up. Vin would’ve made coffee, but Chris would have just fussed about it and said Vin ruined the last of the Arbuckle’s. Chris liked his coffee about half as strong as Vin made it, and wouldn’t listen when Vin just told him to add water to it instead of bellyaching.

Vin might’ve gone back to bed with Chris after his morning trip to the outhouse if he didn’t know he wouldn’t be falling asleep again any time soon. Years of being up before the sun had taught him that once his body decided it had enough shut-eye he would be awake for the day whether he particularly wanted to be or not. Chris was much the same and seldom slept until dawn even when he had been drinking, a fact that had always made staying near wherever Chris wound up sleeping just a bit more enjoyable for Vin. Chris was good company for that first cup of coffee in the pale light of early morning, despite the fact hangovers sometimes made him act like a bear with sore tooth.

Pony slowed to a walk as he got close, but he continued right up to the porch to drop his head and nuzzle at the loose folds of Vin’s unbuttoned shirt, looking for a snack. Chris often snuck the gelding bits of bread, fruit, or even candy when he thought no one was looking, and Pony always checked to see if Vin would follow his example. Vin was one of his favorite people, the person most likely to feed and groom him other than his own rider, and Pony often treated Vin almost as if he were Vin’s horse. Pony had known Buck much longer, but Vin was pretty sure Buck had never spent an hour grooming Pony simply because he knew Pony liked the attention. Buck doted on his own mare, a Shiloh daughter he’d raised from a foal, but he usually ignored other horses unless he was betting on them.

Vin chuckled and ran one hand along Pony’s neck as he murmured, “You might as well stop lookin’, Pony. I don’t have anything for you today. We’re all outta dried apples, an’ there ain’t no bread or sweets either, just a little deer jerky you surely wouldn't like.”

Pony’s ears flicked at the sound of his voice and the black gelding lifted his head to look at Vin hopefully.

Vin rubbed just above the white star on Pony’s forehead where the browband of his bridle usually rode, amused by the gelding’s begging. Despite how little he normally liked a spoiled horse, he couldn’t help but cut Pony some slack. He knew that Adam had named Pony, who Chris had been riding when he took that last trip to sell those horses. Chris had planned for Pony to be Adam’s first horse after he put some miles on the young gelding to be sure he was as broke as his breeder said he was, but after his family’s deaths he kept riding Pony because he had lost everything else. Over the years some of the affection Chris would never get to give his son had been transferred to Pony, who Adam had adored, and knowing that made it easy for Vin to understand Chris’ tendency to spoil the gelding. Pony hadn’t ever let the pampering keep him from being a reliable mount and knew when he could be a beggar and when he needed to stick to business better than some people Vin had known.

Pony leaned into the attention with a happy little huff, head nodding slightly with each flex of Vin’s fingers, and Vin muttered, “He’s spoiled you plumb rotten, fellah.” He smiled suddenly, remembering the night before, then added just as softly, “Like to spoil me, too, if I let him. He seems to have a thing for pamperin’ folks he cares about.”

Pony was obviously relishing the attention so Vin kept scratching, amused by the faces Pony made and enjoying the gelding’s affectionate company.

Vin’s fingers began to wander along the path around Pony’s throat left by the gelding’s bridle, which Pony seldom went a day without wearing for at least a few hours, and let his gaze roam to his own horse. Peso really wasn’t at all like Pony, despite their similar coloring and being within a few years of the same age. Peso was all confidence with a streak of fierce independence that wouldn’t let him rely on anyone or anything but himself, but Pony was like a much younger kid just off the apron strings, old enough to be decent company but not old enough to think he didn’t need someone to look after him. Peso had been a full-grown stallion when Vin first saw him, already leading a herd and sure he could handle anything life could throw at him, but Pony had been gelded young and never spent even a day of his life without men to care for him.

Vin enjoyed his early mornings spent in such easy companionship with Pony, and sometimes it made him wistful for a little of that calm friendliness from Peso. Peso’s intelligence and toughness had saved Vin’s life quite a few times, but sometimes Vin still wanted a horse he could just enjoy. He had Peso’s loyalty and respect, but he was pretty sure that the rangy mustang didn’t have an affectionate bone in his body. The closest thing to affection that Peso ever doled out was tolerance, usually shown only by not taking advantage of a chance to bite or kick when it presented itself.

After a little while Vin noticed that there was loose hair clinging to the backs of his fingers, which were a lot dirtier than they had been, and he let out a soft sound that wasn’t quite a laugh. “You’re startin’ to shed, fellah. I guess spring’s really here for good.” Shedding horses would mean hot, wet days for the next month or so, and Vin wasn’t much looking forward to them. He liked the rain better than he did ice and snow, but the foothills could get muggy as hell in the rainy season. He would spend half the time feeling like he’d had a bucket of warm water dumped on him, but he knew it’d pass in a month or so and then the land and air would dry out again.

Pony leaned more into the way Vin’s fingers were scratching along his jawline, and Vin noticed that Peso had finally reached the barn and was watching them. He stopped scratching Pony, smiling as he patted the gelding’s neck. “Alright Pony, that’s enough. My fingers are gettin’ tired, and Peso’s hungry too.”

Pony nudged at Vin hopefully, but when he didn’t get more scratching he heaved a sigh.

Vin grinned at the reproachful look Pony was giving him. “Might as well give it up, Pony.” He pushed Pony back a step and then stood, beginning to button the blue-striped shirt he wore as he padded silently towards the barn. It wasn’t his shirt, but he didn’t have another clean and Chris’ shirts fit him well enough not to be embarrassing. He planned to wash his own clothes in the next day or two, and it wasn’t the first time he’d borrowed one of Chris’. Chris hardly ever wore the shirt, so it wasn’t like Vin had taken one Chris would particularly want to wear that day. Vin had only seen him in the blue-striped shirt twice, and both times had been because Chris didn’t have anything else clean.

Pony turned and fell in at Vin’s shoulder just as Vin had known he would, walking as if he were being led even though Vin didn’t bother. Pony liked Vin as much because of his talented fingers as because Vin was usually the one to feed him his morning grain, and had trailed along behind Vin many times just to keep him company. Pony would follow him through a blizzard if he thought he might get some food or a little attention when they got to wherever they were going.

Peso pawed the ground where he stood by the barn door, shaking his head down low and then flipping his muzzle up high before he stilled to watch Vin approach. The mustang gelding had given Vin his loyalty years ago, but he had never quite forgotten his formative years running wild. He remembered that extra spark a stallion had every once in a while, and that morning looked to be one of those times. That’d be a good thing if they had to make tracks somewhere since Peso always put just a bit more heart into anything he did when he was feeling his oats, but that wasn’t too likely to be necessary that particular day.

Vin started tucking in his shirt as he reached the barn door, giving Peso a level look on his way by. “You better not try to take a hunk out of me this morning, boy. I’ll slap the fire out of you if you do, I promise.”

Peso pretended to ignore him, standing still and just watching as Pony followed Vin into the barn, but the glint in his eyes was much too familiar to Vin for him to believe the gelding was ready to settle down. Peso would probably spend the day making Vin’s life more interesting out of sheer boredom, but that was a price Vin willingly paid to have a horse smart and independent enough to keep them both alive. Peso was as much a part of Vin as his arm, and had saved his life more times than he could possibly count. He had paid hard for the gelding’s loyalty, even buried someone he loved because of Peso, but he had learned young that great gifts always had a high price.

Vin headed towards the feed room, making his way there and up the step into the room unerringly even in the dark, and shrugged into his suspenders just before he reached for the empty bucket on the feed bin. The bin itself was nearly empty, but there was enough to feed Pony and Peso with a handful or two left over, though Vin would have to work at it to get it out of the bin. Vin wasn’t about to leave Pony and Peso unfed so he patiently chased the remaining feed around the bottom of the bin until he had measured out grain for them both.

Peso walked into the barn doorway when he heard the rattle of grain in the bucket. He stopped as soon as he could see Vin through the door to the feed room, watching him interestedly but not going to his stall. He didn’t particularly enjoy being cooped up and wouldn’t walk into his own stall half the time unless there was food involved or he thought another horse might dare to go in. Peso only wanted to be in the stall to eat, but that definitely didn’t mean he was willing to let another horse stand in there the rest of the time.

Pony had gone into his own stall and was taking a drink from his water bucket while he waited for his morning feed, too smart to fuss and fidget while he waited. The stocky gelding knew Vin would feed him in just a minute or two, so he didn’t waste the energy. Feed before dawn meant they had places to go, and that meant he’d be working soon enough.

Vin reached for the molasses jug on the shelf above the bin and added some to the grain, then stirred it around with the oak stirring paddle from the same shelf. Chris had cut a thick branch down a little more than a foot long and then whittled a handle at one end before he carved the rest of it into a uniformly smooth, flat shape almost four inches wide. It didn’t quite qualify as a spoon because the tool was so flat, but it did the job better than fingers or a regular stick would have, and made combining the feed and blackstrap a lot easier.

Vin finally finished stirring and scraped the paddle on the edge of the feed bucket, then put it away before he headed for Pony’s stall, glancing at Peso. “If you wanna eat, you better get in that stall. I’m not wrestlin’ you today, I’ll just give your feed to the sorrel.”

Vin knew Peso didn’t understand his threat beyond the tone of voice and the words ‘get in’, but Peso did know the routine and that he had to go in his stall if he wanted fed. Peso snorted softly and pawed the ground while his rider was talking to him, but he stood his ground and watched Vin feed Pony before he finally heaved a sigh. The grain smelled particularly sweet that morning because Vin had accidentally poured too much molasses in the dark, and after hesitating only a moment longer Peso walked into his stall to stand at the feed trough and wait for his breakfast.

Vin grinned and followed Peso into the stall, patting the rangy black mustang’s shoulder as he stopped by him. “Good boy.” He poured the rest of the grain in Peso’s feeder, glad that the black gelding had behaved himself.

It was always an even chance whether Peso would throw a fit and take off out of the barn – just to make Vin yell, he often thought – or quietly go into his stall. Peso liked sweetened oats and corn well enough, but he didn’t need it and he knew it as well as Vin did. Peso could live for months at a time off sagebrush and tumbleweeds and not much else, and had more than once. There wasn’t much a desert-bred mustang wouldn’t eat when he got hungry as long as it had been green at some point, and the grass on Chris’ place was lush and well past ankle deep already.

Vin stood petting Peso for a few minutes while the gelding ate, idly wishing again that he wouldn’t have had to give up Peso’s brains to get a little of the affection Pony was so free with. He liked a friendly horse as much as the next man who lived in the saddle, but he’d never met one that had half as much between their ears as a mustang did. Peso could be a pain in the ass but the black gelding had found water for Vin more times than he could count, and Peso wasn’t shy about lending a hoof or his teeth in a fight. Peso might take a bite out of Vin occasionally if Vin annoyed him, and he was like as not to bite people he knew that got too close to him, but he was always quick to bite a stranger or an enemy.

Vin would have still ridden the gelding even if he wouldn’t fight or hunt water though, and for one very good reason that made up for every bite and kick Peso had ever given him. Peso, like most mustangs, could find his home range with the unerring certainty of a carrier pigeon if he was anywhere within a hundred miles of it. Chris’ place was the closest thing Vin or Peso had known to a permanent home since Vin helped round up the herd Peso had run wild with, and Peso had come to view Chris and Pony as their herd. Chris’ land was a near paradise for horses with a well-watered meadow and a spring-fed creek that didn’t dry up even in the hottest part of the summer, and Peso loved it there.

As long as Vin could tie himself to the saddle, he could always count on Peso to get him home when he was too hurt to find his own way. Peso had only had to prove it once, but that one time was more than enough to earn the respect of the rest of the Seven. A bullet had grazed Vin’s head and he had barely managed to tie himself in the saddle before he passed out. Peso had carried him most of twenty miles to get him home safe even though Peso was bleeding steadily because every stride aggravated a bullet wound in Peso's own shoulder.

Vin didn’t remember any of it after he tied himself to the saddle, but Ezra had told him later that Peso had carried Vin through town near sunset, going right past Josiah, Buck, and JD at a gallop. By the time the rest of the Seven had caught up to him, Peso was at Chris’ barn and in a real state, attacking anyone who approached except Pony. Peso had refused to let Chris near him on foot for a while even after Chris and Pony shouldered him into the barn, but he had finally stood for Chris to take Vin out of the saddle and then followed like a hen with one chick until Chris carried Vin outside.

The others had spooked Peso back with a bucket of water thrown in his face and slammed the door before Peso could follow Chris outside, locking him in the barn for JD and Josiah to get him into his stall and unsaddle him. JD found the blood all over Peso while they were unsaddling him, but Peso was so angry and Vin had been so badly hurt that JD let himself be persuaded it wasn’t Peso’s blood. Nobody found the bullet wound in Peso’s shoulder until he was led out into the corral early the next morning, and by then Peso was holding a grudge against the men who separated him from his rider. The gelding wasn’t very lame and the wound was scabbed over well, so Josiah had decided it was best to leave him alone, sure that the fight to treat the bullet wound would do more harm than good.

Chris wouldn’t leave Vin’s side until Vin was out of danger and sleeping peacefully later that morning, but when he did the first thing he went to do was take care of Peso. Vin had slept through that day and most of another, but Ezra told him later that Chris spent hours grooming Peso that day and Peso had just stood there and allowed it despite the fact he attacked any of the others who dared enter the corral. Peso had allowed Chris to handle him, even let Chris clean out the hole in his shoulder and put some salve Nathan whipped up into it, and Chris had spent most of the day talking to Peso while he patiently brushed all the dried blood out of his coat.

Chris had pampered the gelding at any opportunity ever since, despite calling him names whenever Peso acted up, and Peso returned the favor by not trying to hurt Chris when he had the chance. They had a truce between them rather like the one Vin had with Peso, and he sometimes wondered if maybe the rangy gelding would let Chris ride him. Peso obviously trusted Chris a lot more than he did anyone else Vin had known since he caught Peso, and he wondered idly on occasion just how far Peso’s trust for Chris went.

Despite his curiosity, though, Vin would never encourage Chris to try testing Peso’s tolerance of him. Peso could throw anyone who dared sit in his saddle at any time he chose, including Vin, and Vin cared too much for Chris to let him try something so dangerous as trying to ride Peso. Peso had killed several men who tried to ride him over the years, including Vin’s closest friend who had unthinkingly jumped on Peso after his own horse bolted during a buffalo stampede. Vin would have hesitated to let Chris on Peso’s back even it was the only way to get Chris out of harm’s way. Peso could be more dangerous than just about anything Vin could think of that Chris might need to get away from.

Vin had gained Peso’s trust and friendship after a very rocky start between them, and in return Peso had stopped trying constantly to kill him. Even on the rare occasion that he asked more than Peso wanted to give, Peso usually tolerated what Vin needed of him, but he knew quite well that there was nothing broken about Peso’s spirit and never would be. The rangy mustang would die fighting before he gave in to anyone who tried to force him to do anything, as he proved every time Buck got frustrated by Peso’s antics and tried to manhandle him into behaving himself. Vin could safely argue with Peso only because Peso knew Vin respected his opinions and trusted that Vin wouldn’t fight him unless it was important. Anyone else who dared the gelding’s limited tolerance was met with sharp teeth and flashing hooves.

Vin shook himself out of his thoughts and patted Peso’s shoulder just above the pale scar where the bullet was still lodged in the bone of his shoulder, smiling and thinking that Peso’s loyalty made every nip and kick he’d ever gotten from the black gelding worth it. He sometimes wished for more affection from the stubborn mustang, but he wouldn’t really change Peso for the world. Sure, it could be rough having a one-man horse and not being able to let many people handle him without risking they’d get hurt, but it was a price Vin would pay as long as he had to.

He turned away to go put up the bucket and then went and scooped up an armload of hay out of the empty side of the barn to carry to the Calhoun horses. He’d have to remember to stop by the livery and make arrangements for feed to be delivered, but he figured the Calhoun horses would be fine on hay for the morning. They would hopefully be in the Calhoun barn by lunchtime, and Danny would enjoy feeding the horses while he got to know them.

Vin preferred not to grain a horse before working it anyway unless he knew the horse was used to it like Peso and Pony were. Peso and Pony worked hard for a living, sometimes covering over forty miles in a day, and they needed every bit of their morning and evening feed to make up for all the lost grazing time. The Calhoun horses would go out on pasture as soon as Danny had gotten to know them, Vin was sure, so he wasn’t worried about slighting them. The fenced pasture he’d seen at the Calhoun farm was rich enough they shouldn’t need grain with it.

The only one that was underweight was the sorrel gelding, and Vin thought that was more due to exhaustion than anything else. Besides being on the skinny side, the sorrel had four white feet, which was something Vin had never liked in a horse unless it was a paint because pale hooves were usually a lot softer than dark ones. The sorrel had old nail holes in his feet and one back hoof was chipped like he had thrown a shoe, so Vin figured he had been shod until recently, but he was barefoot when they killed the outlaws and his hooves were worn so short it was no wonder he was going lame.

As if his hooves being worn down almost to the quick weren't bad enough, the sorrel had sand cracks in the hoof walls as well. The hairline cracks in the hard outer layer of hoof were caused by the hoof drying out, which usually happened when a horse spent too much time on dry sand while it wasn't getting enough water to drink. The sand cracks made the gelding prone to bruising that could lame him even without an obvious reason, and the cracks could split at any time if he traveled on rocky ground and put a foot wrong. One of the sand cracks had already widened into a definite split the day before, but Vin hadn’t noticed it until they got home because of all the mud. It wasn’t a bad split, but it had been bothering the sorrel some and might get worse at any time if he landed on it wrong.

Vin tossed the hay to the three horses in the corral and then moved to the half-empty water barrel to wash the sticky molasses off of his hands. He primed the pitcher pump and began to refill the barrel as soon as his hands were clean, ducking to take a drink just below the spout after the water had run a minute. The water was cold and refreshing and Vin enjoyed a leisurely drink before he lifted his head again to watch the horses eating their hay.

He worked the pump slowly to fill the barrel while he watched the horses eat, idly comparing the quality of the paint mare and the sorrel gelding. She was also barefoot with four white feet, but her hooves were in fine shape and showed no sign of cracking or excessive wear. She also had a really nice head on her, a short back, nice low knees and hocks with sturdy bone, and a look to her blue eyes that Vin liked. She was interested in what went on around her and had been alert and willing on the trail, and Vin would have liked her a lot even if she weren’t a medicine hat.

The sorrel gelding wasn’t a bad looking horse, but Vin wouldn’t put him in the same league with the paint, or even the Calhoun family’s bay harness mare. The sorrel’s head was a bit narrow through the forehead, and he had a sullen look in his eyes that led Vin to think he would likely never put out an ounce more effort than he had to. That was fine for an adult who wanted a flashy sorrel to ride and could work the gelding to get the best out of him, but Vin would never recommend such a horse for a child. Peso, ornery as he could be when he was on a tear, had a better look to his eye than the sorrel did, though Vin wouldn’t have put a child up on Peso’s back for all the gold in California.

Vin had nearly finished filling the barrel when he finally noticed there was a light in the cabin, and he smiled. Chris was up, likely brewing the last of the coffee, and Vin suddenly didn’t want to putter around outside making work for himself anymore. He let the handle of the pump fall and headed back towards the house, moving faster than he had on the way out and smiling. He could stand spending a leisurely hour or so enjoying some coffee with Chris and relaxing while they waited for the sky to lighten.

Peso and Pony knew the trail well enough to travel it in the dark, but the Calhoun horses would do better with light when they crossed a rocky area about a mile off. A horse unfamiliar with shale could get hurt if they didn’t pay attention there, and the gelding was already sore-footed to begin with.

~*~*~*~

Chris poured a second mug of coffee, making a low pleased noise as he inhaled the steam, and then he put the pot back on the edge of the stove to stay hot. He picked up the other battered enamel mug and carried both of them out to the porch, smiling when he saw Vin approaching. Vin hadn’t bothered to grab his hat or coat yet, but his gunbelt rode in its usual place low on his hips, the custom holster for the sawed-off Winchester balanced by a heavy-bladed fighting knife Vin could use at least as well.

“G’mornin’.” Chris took a seat in his chair by the door as he held out one of the mugs with a smile. He couldn’t really think of a better way to start the day than enjoying a cup of coffee with Vin, even if he had made the coffee too strong just to be sure Vin enjoyed it too. He’d heard how weak Vin thought most coffee was often enough to know Vin wouldn’t enjoy it unless he threw in the last two spoonfuls of Arbuckle’s. “Coffee?”

“Mornin’,” Vin answered, taking the steps two at a time and walking over to accept the mug. He immediately took a careful sip, humming softly and then giving Chris a pleased grin. “Thanks.”

Chris returned the grin and sipped his own diluted coffee, stifling a chuckle as he finally noticed that Vin was barefoot. It was so typical that Vin would grab his gun but not bother with his boots. He waited for Vin to take another drink before he teased, “Figured I’d better make coffee before you got bored and tried. Wasn’t enough for a second try and you got a habit of ruining it.”

Vin almost choked on the hot coffee, swallowing to laugh. “My ass!”

“—Is real nice, sure, but that ain’t got nothin’ to do with you ruinin’ coffee.” Chris smirked and sipped his coffee, his eyes sparkling with amusement.

Vin laughed, blushing red enough that Chris could see it even in the dim light of early morning. “You’re in a good mood.”

Chris’ smirk widened. “I got good reason to be. You’re with me, aren’t you?”

Vin smiled, looking pleased. “Not likely to be goin’ anywhere without you, either.”

Chris gestured expansively with his mug. “Then there ain’t much more a body could want than what I got. Nice place, a good horse, friends that’ll stand firm in a fight, and I’ve got you to top it off.”

Vin chuckled softly. “Well, when you put it that way…” He sat on the porch at Chris’ feet, settling his shoulder against Chris’ knee and then lifting his mug to sip at his coffee with another happy little hum.

Chris smirked and took a drink of his coffee as he looked out over the meadow, making a mental note he needed to see about getting another chair for the porch. Might even be worth the trouble to get a porch swing. He’d always liked them, and he liked the idea of sharing one with Vin while they watched their horses graze. If he had his way, he and Vin would spend a lot of early mornings out there relaxing with a cup of coffee, as long as he made it, of course.

Vin had learned to make coffee from an old mountain man who thought a horseshoe should stand up in it. It made a pot of Arbuckle’s last longer, mostly because Chris had to cut his half with water to stand it, but it usually tasted like Vin had added some charcoal for extra flavor. By the time the water could boil up through all the grounds, the stuff on the bottom was usually well and truly burnt.