You can never trust the forecast for mid-May weather in New England. It was actually pleasantly warm. The trees showed signs of new life. Taking a deep breath you could smell spring. What was the line from Tennyson? 'In the spring, a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love'. Chauvinistic, today! What about a young woman's fancy?
I was working on a project in a small college town. Walking back to the inn after dinner, I approached a group of young people milling in front of a tavern, chattering loudly about this prof or that class, everyone talking at once. No "fancy" thoughts here!
When I arrived at my room, I decided to finish some work on the business plan that had been formulated during that day. Meetings tend to keep me on the road several days a month and a change from city life was welcomed. The room was warm and the windows were open to catch whatever breeze there was. I moved to the window and below me in the alleyway I saw two people. The lights in my room remained off. If they were playing their game in the alley, I could play voyeur.
The girl's tee was hiked up to her armpits and her perky breasts were exposed. He was licking her nipples and working a hand down into her pants. I began to feel tightness in mine. Ah....Spring!
The phone rang...saved by the bell, I think.
"Hello."
"Bill, it's Harry Tighue. Is it OK with you if we move tomorrow's meeting to 8:30 instead of 9:30. I've got another meeting I'd like to schedule for 11:00."
"No problem, Harry. I'll see you then."
"Fine, I really appreciate it. Good night then."
The bell had saved me. There was another hour or two of work to finish before the meeting. Harry's company was planning an expansion into New York and I was consulting on their building requirements. I reached for my notebook computer and realized there wasn't an Internet connection in the room. I should have known; the switchboard at the front desk probably had antique value. I phoned the desk and was informed that the college library was my only option. The clerk gave me directions.
Ten minutes later, I was set up in a study cubicle deep in the stacks. The jacket came off, tie loosened and after about an hour my back had ladder marks in it from the wooden chair. I was flexing my shoulders and stretching my neck when I saw her in the aisle. She was reaching up to a shelf grappling with a book and her twin peaks were easily outlined through her light sweater. Her skirt was no more than an inch shy of her buttocks. It looked like two puppies romping under a blanket.
I won't even describe what my cock thought about this except to say that he was very impressed under the elastic of my shorts!
Then she looked at me. A slight smile at the corners of her mouth....the kind she might give to her father? I attempted to smile back...it was more like a grimace. Then she turned and left the stacks.
Ten minutes later I left the library and entered the parking lot. There she was, bent over a fender, checking something under the hood. I don't think I had ever seen a chassis built
like this one and I'm not talking about the car. Her skirt dipped into a deep valley separating two tantalizing mounds.
I approached her and asked if I could help....I knew where the battery was and the carburetor and the hoses. It had to be one of those that was the problem...right?
"Oh, hi," she said. "The car was just serviced last week before I left home. I don't know what the problem is."
"Let me take a look. I'm pretty good with cars. By the way, my name's Bill. What's yours."
"Mine's Mercy," she said. "Do you live around here?"
I explained to her what I was doing in town and after fumbling under the hood for a few minutes, I told her this wasn't going to get fixed tonight.
"If you like, I can give you a lift home and you can call a garage in the morning." What an ass...like she was really going to get in a car with a tall, dark, handsome stranger, well, actually medium height, graying at the temples and even though I worked out, I did look my age...41, OK 47.
"Uhmmmm, sure, why not, if I'm not going to hold you up."
Was she naïve or just too far removed from security warnings, alarms, and double door locks?
On the way to her apartment, upperclassmen can live off campus, she told me she was a senior, 21years old. She was a history major with an art minor. Her concentration was on the Roman Empire and the Greek Hellenic periods. She chatted on about her field of study. I was impressed.
I liked her, a lot. She had some good stuff between her ears....in addition to everything else stuffed here and there. OK, so I was getting a little giddy, but I was being very fatherly in attitude toward her.
I turned left as instructed and she told me to pull over about twenty yards up the street.
" I really appreciate the lift. It would have taken me a half hour to walk,"
"Oh, no problem," I said. "Always willing to help a damsel in distress. Little corny, huh."
"No, I think it's really sweet. Hey, would you like to come up for a drink...a beer or something harder?"
"OK, something harder would be fine." Behave you...we're not discussing you...stay nice and loose and curled up where you belong!
Once inside, she told me that her "roomie" had left early for a long weekend. She was visiting her boyfriend at another college. She fixed the drinks and we sat facing each other in two ratty looking, overstuffed chairs. She told me about her family, her very strict upbringing; her father was a minister in a small town. She talked about her boyfriend, her high school years...the things she did. We laughed and laughed, a giddy high....me right along with her. I told her about my family, my wife had died several years ago, my son, an Air Force flier, my engaged, professional daughter, my work in industrial real estate.
Her cheeks were slightly flushed, her breasts were beautiful, her legs were...this was not humorous any more. I looked uncomfortable and she could see it. Where were the fatherly thoughts? Time to get back on track! Time to go...that was the right answer.
Don't make yourself look like an idiot....it's been a fun evening for a nice middle-aged man....go, go, go, go.
Her face was glowing, her tits were lickable, her legs were long, rangy, right up to her cunt.....time to go...go..go..go.
I moved out of my chair and sat on the arm of her chair. I leaned over and kissed her lips very lightly. She looked shocked but not annoyed. She stared at me and I continued to look into her light blue eyes. There was no way to guess what thoughts were going through her mind....seconds, minutes passed. I have no idea how much time passed. She moved forward in the chair. I thought she was getting up, but she grabbed my tie and brought me back to her lips...a little stronger this time and her tongue was touching my lips. I opened my mouth and pushed my tongue into her. We stayed like that for a long time. Our breathing grew heavier. My heart was racing.
We got out of the chair and she leaned into me, her tits pressed to my chest, her arms around my neck. I knew she could feel my cock pressing into her tummy. I moved my hands to her ass and pulled her further into me. She moaned quietly.
She loosened my tie and pulled it from my collar. She took my hand and moved across the room...to her bedroom, a large futon and a clothes rack...that was it. The only light in the room came from the street and it peeked around closed shades
She started to raise her sweater but I stopped her hands.
"Mercy, I'm not sure this is such a good idea. We're from two different worlds...two different ages."
"Bill, this is what I want. I'm not a virgin, but my experience with my boyfriend is not very satisfying. He's got some growing up to do. Two wet kisses, a finger in my crotch, my panties pulled down, his penis in me half way, he comes on the second push and that's it. The way you kissed me and held me. I've never felt like that before. I'm all tingly....new feelings, nice feelings......Don't go."
I pulled her to me and held her. My mind was racing....21 and 47...47 and 21....this is insane! There's got to be somebody on this campus her age that isn't living in the Stone Age. Other guys must find her attractive, hell, beautiful.
"Why me, Mercy? There are a few hundred guys on this campus.... your age."
"Until now, I've been true to Larry. Plenty of guys have asked me out...but is was always, 'hey, wanna jump in the sack'. That was two minutes after a burger and coke.
Pretty romantic, huh. Like I was walking around without panties with my legs spread. Are all men like that, Bill?"
"No, Mercy." I answered. "When you're older some man will ask you up to see his etchings and then tumble you into bed. That will probably happen until some guy figures its commitment time. But the woman has to be thinking commitment too."
Again she brought her hands to the bottom of her sweater and began raising it and again I took her hands, but this time I moved her arms over her head and I raised the sweater up from her waist, up her chest. She was not wearing a bra and I stared at her tits....no, not tits, breasts. I could think of no adjective to describe them; no words had ever been mouthed to define these breasts. When I removed the sweater and lowered her arms, they were as high and firm as they had been. My hands covered her breasts and the nipples rested in my palms. I couldn't move...I didn't want this moment to end.
Finally, she moved her hands and began unbuttoning my shirt, pulled it out of my pants, eased it over my shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Then she unbuttoned her skirt and it fell to the floor. She was wearing yellow panties. I stared at her breasts...porcelain skin, fine blue veins just beneath the surface, erect nipples. My eyes moved to her face. She was embarrassed! She quickly performed a ballet-like pirouette and not very gracefully dropped to the futon. I removed the rest of my clothes but left my shorts on and joined her.
I kissed her lightly and then ran my tongue over her lips. I kissed her nose, her closed eyes. My tongue moved up her neck to her ear and I gently bit her lobe. She purred softly. I ran my wet tongue down her chest until I reached a nipple and closed my lips over it. My tongue drew circles around her nipple and it swelled and pushed back at me.
"Bill, wait, I have to pee," she said.
Talk about a cooling moment. Her timing was unbelievable. As she left the bed, I told her that I didn't have a condom.
"My roommate has some in the medicine cabinet. I'll find them," she replied.
I heard the water flush. I got off the bed, tore off my shorts and pushed open the bathroom door that had not been closed. Her panties were on the floor. She was bent over the sink washing her face. I moved close to her and laid my cock between her cheeks.
She screamed and then burst out laughing.
"What is that, a rolling pin?"
"No, it's a thermometer. Just wanted to make sure things didn't cool down."
She laughed again and dashed out of the bathroom.
I saw a packet of condoms on the hamper, picked them up and looked in the medicine cabinet. There was a package of dental floss and I took it with me. The bathroom door remained open and I didn't shut the light. When I got back on the bed she stared at my arm.
"Where did you get that tattoo? It looks like Cleopatra's asp."
I flexed my bicep and the snake danced around the muscle. "That happened one drunken night in New York at a real estate convention. I woke up the next morning and there it was. It hurt like hell."
"Does it bite?," she giggled.
"Well, I guess you'll just have to find out."
She hugged and kissed me... tongue, lips and teeth. Things hadn't cooled down that much. I moved down again and seized a nipple, worried it for about two minutes until it swelled to a nice size. I took a piece of the dental floss and while I stretched the nipple with my teeth, tied a bow around it.
"What are you doing," she asked.
"I like things tied up in neat packages. It's going to stay like that for a long time."
I then went to work on the other until it was in the same condition. She giggled.
When I sucked as much of her breast as I could into my mouth, she stopped giggling and moaned. I brought one finger to her other nipple and pulsed the tip. My head moved down her chest and I put my tongue into her belly button. She was squirming. I moved farther down and when my tongue touched her hair, she grabbed my head. Her pubic hair was bikini-cut and sparse.
"Where are you going?"
"Just south for the winter. It gets real warm down here"
"Uhmm, Bill?"
When I laid my tongue on her slit I felt her tense up. I was sure the boyfriend had never touched this subject. I moved my tongue up one lip and down the other, not going anywhere near her clitoris. Round and round again and again. Then I touched the tip of her clit and she almost jumped off the bed. She grabbed my head so hard I thought she might rip it off. I went back, round and round. Her clit was large and engorged. I continued round and round each time touching her clit. She was moaning and her pelvis was raised off the bed. Then I sucked her clit into my mouth and she climaxed.
"Oh, my God. Ohhhh! My God!
She was trembling so hard that I moved up and held her tightly. I looked at her and she was staring at the ceiling. She brought her eyes to mine; there was no embarrassment... there was desire. She was hugging me tightly. My cock was throbbing and it pressed into her body. We stayed like that for a long time.
She whispered, "Do you think you should take my temperature?"
In seconds, I was sheathed and moving between her widely spread thighs. My cock ran up and down her slit. She was wet. Her dew was quickly coating the condom. The head found her opening and moved inside. She was hot, swollen and very tight. I'm not unusually thick but I knew this was not going to be easy. I advanced another inch and I realized that she had tensed up. She was feeling pain. I saw it in her face. I waited until she relaxed, rolled to my back and pulled her on top of me, not moving an inch in or out. She was going to work this out herself. She smiled at me. She got the message.
Inch by inch, she moved down my pole, pain all the way, until I felt her bush touching me. I was pressed to her cervix and it felt like she was sucking me in. She lay on my chest, her breasts pressed into me. I couldn't remember the last time my cock felt so hard.
Then she moved, not up and down, in or out, but side to side, rubbing her clit against the hair at the root of my cock. She was staring at the wall above my head, her eyes didn't appear focused. I didn't see pain. I saw lust. I wasn't fucking her, she was fucking me! This was not a young girl. This was a young girl changing into a woman right in front of my eyes. I was trembling. My cock was pulsing. I tried to think about anything other than my being in her.
She raised herself and pushed her mons into me and then she screamed and her orgasm ripped through both of us. She dropped down to my chest again, laid her head against my neck, breathing heavily. She gripped my arms tightly. Her ass checks were trembling and I moved my hands to them and massaged them gently. She shivered; she knew that I hadn't come.
"Bill, your snake bit me. I felt like I died and I wasn't coming back!..........No, stay still, just hold me."
We lay quietly for a time. The mercury in my thermometer had dropped but I was still hard and my balls ached. I grasped her hips, lifted her off me and laid her on her back. I wanted her to "die" again. One of the bows had dropped from a nipple, but it was still swollen.
I slipped halfway off the futon and kissed her tummy. I moved a hand to her slit. It was like a swamp. Two fingers invaded her cunt and pumped against the pad beneath her pubis. My ring finger worked against her ass muscle and slowly slipped inside, up to the knuckle. She shook her head no; she was not comfortable with what was happening. I ignored the message. Soon the little guy joined in.
Two fingers in her cunt, two fingers in her ass, moving slowly in and out, in, out, in, out. She lifted her pelvis trying to move my fingers deeper. I placed my other hand on her
mons and pulled back toward her stomach. Her clit was a tiny cock engorged with blood. My mouth found it and I sucked it in. She thrashed and moaned, jerking her pelvis, her fingers tearing at the sheets. That moment was here!
I pulled my fingers out of her, turned her over and brought her to her knees. Her shoulders pressed to the bed, her head to the side. I leaned down on the bed. My tongue traced a line from her clit, down hers lips and up to her asshole. The muscle tightened....my fingers spread her cheeks and I kissed her. There was a slight gurgling sound in her throat and then she was panting. I moved up to my knees, brought my cock to her cunt and pushed in, still tight, but very wet and I penetrated until I was buried to the root. My fingers dug into her hips. Her breathing got heavier and her moaning didn't stop. I kept moving in, out, in, out. I saw my cock moving in and out, pulling her lips out and pushing them in. I moved back until the glans almost slipped out and pushed back in, in, out, in, out.
My cock never felt this huge, this swollen. My ball sac was tight. I saw white spots before my eyes. I moved my hand to her clit and it slipped between my fingers. She was close. I could feel the tension. I couldn't breath...pounding, pumping. My cock felt too wet, the heat was stronger... the rubber was torn. I pulled out of her and pushed between her ass checks and I came. Spunk splashing on her back, between her checks, again across her back. Pulsing, coming, jerking, on and on. She was screaming. I was groaning; she never heard me. She collapsed to the bed and I followed her rolling to my side. She spooned against me. A vein throbbed in her neck. The room smelled of sex. The air was still. The snake lay quietly. Time passed.
"I thought I knew what making love was, Bill, but it was all in my head. I feel like a morning glory blossom at dawn, opening my petals to collect the dew!"
"Mercy, the condom tore. I pulled out as fast as I could but I'm not sure if you're safe."
"It's OK. I'm on the pill. Larry likes to ride bareback, as he calls it. From now on he'll be riding his fist! I'm too much woman for him." She laughed. I didn't. She was! "Uhmmm, Bill, are you safe?"
"Sweetie, I never swim bareass."
She giggled. There was still some little girl in this woman.
Then she said, "Bill, you are a very naughty boy!"
"You have no idea how naughty, Mercy."
She didn't respond. She probably thought I might tell her or show her!
Her breathing slowed and I knew she was sleeping.
When I opened my eyes, her digital clock read 5:43. My morning "woody" was nestled in her cheeks. I didn't want to move....I wanted to go exploring, but I eased off the futon and walked into the bathroom. I grabbed a wash cloth, soaked it in hot water and removed our dried juices from thigh to navel. I closed my eyes and relived every moment. I pissed in the toilet and it sprayed all over the place. After cleaning the mess, I went back to the bedroom. She was awake, one breast not covered by the sheet, her fingers teasing the nipple that still wore its bow. If I had a camera, I would have captured that vision. Sensual was the only word in my mind.
"Good early morning. Sleep well?"
"Oh indeed," she answered.
" I've got to get back to the B&B, shower, shave, dress and review my notes for my meeting. Will you be here at 11:00?"
"Yea, milord, no classes on Saturday. But I do have a question," she said very saucily.
"Yeessss."
"Will you bring the serpent and the thermometer?"  
"Milady, I wouldn't think of............coming without them!"
She laughed.
Then I said, "Might I ask a favor of you."
"Of course, milord."
"Will you kindly trash the baby powder? I crave the smell and taste of natural you. It took me a half hour to munch my way there!"
She blushed and then with respectfully lowered eyes, said, "As you wish, milord."
"Also, milady, I believe I'll change my New York First Class carriage reservation to next moon!
"Oh, would you change that to two reservations? I will attend graduate school there in September and I have yet to seek proper sleeping accommodations."
"Really!!"