My Naked Wife by Lady Grey 

Jim looked into the kitchen and smiled as he shook his head. Standing
over the sink was his wife, Enid, washing some lettuce leaves. Nothing 
strange in that you might think, but it was what she was wearing that 
was strange. Well, not actually strange, but quite exciting, for Enid 
was almost naked. The only thing she was wearing was a flowered apron. 
He could see her long shapely legs, being shown off to their best by 
four inch high red patent fuck me heels, and her trim tight bottom with 
their two perfect globes of firm pink flesh. As she lifted her arms to 
place the washed lettuce leaves in a colander, he could almost see the 
swell of her breasts. 

She turned and smiled at him. Now he could see the swell of her firm
breasts and the points of her nipples against the thin material of the 
apron. "I'm just about ready," she said. "The food's all done and the 
beer's in the fridge." 

"So you have decided to go through with it?" 

She nodded. "Why not? It was your idea." 

"Look," he said with a slight exasperation in his voice, "if you want to
go to Florida with the girls, I will pay. You don't have to do this." 

She shook her head and smiled. "No, darling, a deal's a deal. You said
that if I waited on you and the guys naked, the ones that are coming 
over to watch the match on our new hugely expensive HDTV, you would pay 
for me to go to Florida, so here I am ready and naked." 

With that she undid the apron, pulled it quickly off, and tossed it on
to the kitchen table. Now completely naked apart from her red high 
heels, she stood smiling at him. Jim felt himself beginning to feel 
warm as he looked at her. Enid could really be stubborn when she put 
her mind to it. 

She had a stunning figure--five foot four and all the curves in the
right places. Her breasts were firm with no sign of drooping, with 
crinkled brown areolas the size of a fifty pence piece, and hard stubby 
pink nipples just aching to be touched. Her torso was tight and flat 
from many hours spent at the gym, and she had almost the trace of a six 
pack. Her stomach had just the slight sign of a curve, but this was 
hardly noticeable as his eyes were drawn to the pronounced delightful 
bulge of her mons pubis, completely devoid of hair. The shaded cleft of 
her outer pussy lips was just visible as they disappeared enticingly 
between her thighs. 

Jim was beginning to sweat. He did not thought she would go ahead with
it. It had been a joke. Yes, she was annoyed because he had paid so 
much for the new TV. They didn't need a forty two inch TV wall mounted 
in the lounge. It made the lounge look like a cinema. 

It was a week ago now, when he said they couldn't afford for her to go
to Florida, that the argument really started. "You are a chauvinist 
pig," she finally said, "Only interested in your football and not me, 
and I would have done anything to go out there with the girls." 

"Anything?" he said with a grin on his face. 

"Yes, anything!" 

He looked at her, still grinning. "You know it is the cup final next Saturday?" 

She nodded. 

"Well, I have invited the guys over to watch it on the new TV." 

She harrumphed, "Might have guessed that; showing off again." 

"I have a deal for you. You serve the food and drinks during the match
and I will pay for you to go to Florida." 

She looked at him in wonderment. "I thought we couldn't afford it." 

"We can't really, but I've got a bit of cash put away." 

Enid smiled at him and went over and put her arms around him and kissed
him. "I do really love you. Jim," she said kissing him again. 

He pulled her arms from around his neck. "Don't get too excited. You
have not heard the conditions yet." 

She looked at him puzzled. "What conditions?" 

He smiled again, relishing the moment. "It's just what I want you to
wear while you are serving." 

She smiled. "Not that kinky French maid's outfit I wore at Freddie's
party last month. You said how much you liked me in that." 

He shook his head. "No, not that." 

She looked at him. "Well, what then?" 

He grinned. "I want you to wear..." Then he paused for a moment.
"Nothing!" 

She looked at him. "You are kidding, aren't you? Serve you and your
mates food and booze for two hours with nothing on? You can get lost." 
With that she stormed out of the room. 

Jim sat down and pressed the remote and smiled as the large screen lit
up. He settled himself down on the leather sofa. Well, I didn't say she 
couldn't go, he thought silently to himself. 

Two days later Enid met up with her friend Joan for coffee. "It looks as
though I'm not going to be able to go with you to Florida." 

Joan looked disappointed. "You can't afford it?" 

"Not really after what he spent on the new TV. I hate the bloody thing
every time I see it." 

"Look, I can help you out with some of the cash if you could find the
rest." "That's great of you, but I don't want to be in your debt. I 
would only have to find it later." 

Joan looked disappointed. "I was looking forward to you coming. Isn't
there any way?" 

Enid was quiet for a moment, sipping on her coffee. Then she told Joan
about Jim's offer. 

Joan looked at her shocked. "How dare he ask that of you. You should
have slapped him in the face." 

Enid laughed. "I thought about doing worse than that," she said. 

The two women were silent for a moment. Then Joan looked at her. "Did
you ever consider doing it?" 

"Well, to tell you the truth, after I had got over the shock, I did
think about it. You know, taking him on at his own game." 

Joan smiled. "He only suggested it because he knew you would never do
it. If my Garry said such a thing to me, I would do it just to get back 
at him. He's like Jim; he doesn't really want to let his friends see 
you naked; no husband does." They finished their coffee and went 
shopping. Jim's suggestion was not mentioned again. 

About ten the following morning, Joan's phone rang; it was Enid. "I'm
going to do it," she said. 

Joan didn't understand at first; then it dawned on her. "The cup final,
you mean?" She heard Enid laugh. 

"I thought about it all night, and decided to play him at his own game."
"I hope you know what you are doing." 

Enid laughed again. "I'm letting some horny guys see me in my birthday
suit. Don't forget, one of them will be your Garry." 

There was silence on the line. "I won't mention it to him before hand
and just see if he tells me afterwards. It could be good for a bit of 
blackmail." Now they both laughed. 

Enid said nothing to Jim. On Friday she shopped for the food. Jim
brought the beer home in his car when he came home from work and stored 
it in the fridge. They slept in on Saturday. Enid had surprised him the 
night before by being extremely horny. They had a good sex life, but 
for some reason she wanted more than usual. 

On Saturday they had breakfast together. Jim looked at her in her blue
silk house coat, her hair still tousled from sleep and last night's 
sexual romp. Yes, he was one lucky guy. 

"Think I'll cut the grass this morning," he said. "Then I've got the
afternoon free and you can't go on at me." 

She smiled. "I wasn't thinking about that. I know you want to watch your
football match. You go and cut the grass and I'll take a shower and 
then make up the sandwiches." 

While in the shower, she heard the mower start up. She slowly washed her
body. She was still somewhat nervous about what she was about to do, 
but she was also feeling a little excited. She looked at her naked body 
in the long bedroom mirror as she dried herself. She knew she looked 
almost perfect. So what was her problem? She smiled as she remembered 
the old saying: ‘If you have got it, flaunt it!"  And looking at 
herself, she certainly had it. 

She was just going to dress when she thought, what the hell, and walked
down to the kitchen naked. She took an apron from a drawer and slipped 
it over her head and tied it around her waist. Then she got busy 
preparing the food. Through the window she could see Jim going back and 
forward on the ride on mower. He waved at her and she waved back. 

It was when he at last came back to the house after putting the mower
away that he saw her. He smiled when he saw her revealing outfit. It 
was a joke of course. 

"So you have decided to go through with it?" 

She nodded. "Why not? It was your idea." 

"Look," he said with a slight exasperation in his voice, "if you want to
go to Florida with the girls, I will pay. You don't have to do this." 

She shook her head and smiled. "No, a deal's a deal. You said that if I
waited on you and the guys, your friends, who are coming over to watch 
the match on our new hugely expensive HDTV, naked, you would pay for me 
to go to Florida. So here I am ready and naked." 

With that she undid the apron, pulled it quickly off, and tossed it on
to the kitchen table. Now completely naked apart from her red high 
heels, she stood smiling at him. He tried to talk her out of it. He 
offered her the money, but she shook her head. In the end he turned 
away in desperation. "Okay, you go ahead with it; make yourself look a 
fool." He went up to the bathroom and showered. He was hot and sweaty 
from the gardening. My God, he though to himself as he stood under the 
gushing water, when am I ever going to keep my big mouth shut? Then he 
thought again, maybe she was just putting it on, making him sweat. At 
the last moment she would disappear up to their room. 

Kick off was three o'clock and he had told the guys to get there by two
to watch the build up. He noticed that Enid was still in the kitchen 
naked when the door bell rang. She was cutting it fine he thought as he 
went to the door to let Garry and Phil in. He took them through to the 
lounge and they stood and admired the new TV. Jim handed them a Bud 
from the small fridge he kept beside his favorite chair. 

Just then the bell rang again. "Shall I get it?" Enid's voice was heard
from the kitchen. 

"No, its okay," he called. "I'll let them in." 

Barry and Craig greeted him with a smile. "We are looking forward to
watching the match on your new big screen." 

Jim took them through to meet the others and gave them both beers. Three
of then sat on the sofa and Garry sat in the other arm chair. Jim was 
pleased the way they all went on about the new TV. 

"Do you want any food yet," Enid's voice came through from the kitchen.
Jim looked around and they all nodded. "Wouldn't mind something; for 
some reason I missed lunch," Garry said. 

"Joan was acting very peculiar," Garry said as they looked at each other
with a knowing smile. 

"Don't they all at times? I will never understand women," Craig said,
taking a swig of beer. 

"Shall I come through and get something?" Jim called. 

"No, it's okay, I'll bring it through." 

There was a pause, then the door opened and in came Enid holding a large
tray of sandwiches in front of her. The four men all stared. Craig 
choked on his beer and Jim's face went as red as his Manchester United 
shirt, for apart from her red shoes, Enid was still completely naked. 
Not only that, but she had applied oil to her body and it seemed to 
emphasize every curve. 

She seemed totally unconcerned by her total nakedness as she smilingly
offered the tray of food to everyone. No one seemed to notice what they 
were picking up from the tray as every pair of eyes were taking in her 
beauty--her hard firm breasts with those incredibly hard looking 
nipples and the delightful flatness of her stomach leading their eyes 
down to the almost hidden delights of her pussy. She served the four 
guests first, and then went across to Jim. She parted her legs slightly 
as she bent over. She heard the unmistakable sound of a groan from one 
of the four men behind her. She knew just how far she needed to bend to 
give them a fleeting glimpse of her exposed pussy. 

She stood up and smiled. "Just call if you need anything else," she
said. "I've got plenty more for you." They all watched at the 
delightful sight as she made a slow enticing exit to the kitchen. 

"Fuck me," Barry exploded. "Did you know she was going to do that?" 

Jim was still a bit shell shocked, and just shrugged. "We had a bet," he
said slowly, "but I never considered for one minute that she would go 
through with it." 

"What bet was that?" Garry asked incredulously. 

"I said if she served us naked, I would fork out for her trip to Florida." 

"My God," Garry said, shaking hid head. "Does Joan know anything about
this?" 

Jim shrugged. "I don't know. They are good friends; maybe they talked."
Garry brushed the hair off his face. "I bet they did. That would be why 
she's been funny with me all morning." 

Craig swilled the rest of his beer down, then burped loudly. "I'm ready
for some more food. How about the rest of you?" Jim glared at him. 

It was just before the game started that Enid came in again. It had
taken her some time to compose herself when she got back to the kitchen 
after her first appearance. Her legs were shaking and her heart was 
thumping. She swilled down a large glass of cool white wine from a 
bottle she had opened earlier, and she clung onto the kitchen unit for 
support. 

She had actually done it; completely exposed herself to the four men.
She smiled nervously as she thought about the moment when she bent 
over. Had they actually seen her pussy? She shivered slightly. She 
wasn't cold; she was nervously excited by what she had just done. She 
finished the glass of wine and poured herself another. She knew she 
mustn't overdo the drink, but she needed some support. 

At last she was ready to do it again. She picked up her second tray and
walked boldly through into the lounge. She knew every eye was on her, 
but she smiled and handed out the food as though it was quite normal to 
be naked. 

"Any more beer?" Phil asked, speaking to Jim, but not taking his eyes
for a moment off Enid's naked body. 

Jim opened the small fridge. "Just two left in here," he said, passing
them out. "I'll get some more." 

Enid smiled at him. "You just watch the game, darling; it's just
starting. I'll refill the fridge for you." She made her way back to the 
kitchen followed closely by five pairs of eyes. She took another box of 
beer from the big kitchen fridge and carried them through into the 
lounge. 

They were all trying to take some interest in watching the game, but
Enid was causing a distraction, not that any of them were thinking of 
complaining. She squatted down beside Jim's chair and tore open the 
box. Then she began to stack the bottles in the small fridge. It was an 
awkward position with not a lot of room, and every time she leaned 
forward to put the bottles in, she had to slightly open her legs for 
support. From Jim's position he could not see what she was doing, but 
the others were being treated to the sight of her delightful pussy 
being displayed to them again and again. At last she stood up, and with 
some amusement, she noticed them all attempting to adjust rising 
erections. Back in the kitchen, she had to control herself from 
laughing out loud. This was turning out to be fun. 

At half time Jim, came through to the kitchen. Enid smiled at him. "I
think everyone seems to be enjoying themselves," she said with a slight 
smile. Jim looked at her. "Okay, the joke's over. Now go and put some 
cloths on. I think they have all seen enough." 

She looked at him. "Now who's bottling out?" she said. "I've no
intention of going and getting dressed. I'm beginning to have fun, and 
I haven't heard any of them complain." 

Jim knew it was no use talking to her when she was in this mood. He
grabbed another case of beer from the fridge and made his way back to 
the lounge. 

She had prepared some sausage rolls and some other hot snacks for the
interval. She took them from the oven and placed them on a tray. Smiles 
greeted her as she walked around handing them out. A lot of the 
nervousness had gone on both sides. They could see now she wasn't at 
all embarrassed being naked, and she didn't seem to mind them looking 
at her. In fact, Garry thought she was beginning to enjoy it. He looked 
over at her perched on the arm of the sofa looking totally unconcerned, 
her long legs slightly parted as she chatted amicably with Barry and 
Craig and laughing at their comments. She made a couple more 
appearances during the second half much to everyone's delight, giving 
everyone tantalizing glimpses of her most intimate parts as she bent 
over to pick up empty plates and discarded bottles. 

At the end of the match, she brought in a tray of coffee. She guessed no
one would be driving, but it would help to sooth aching heads. Jim had 
turned the TV off, and they all stood around chatting. She couldn't 
believe that she was there in her own lounge standing naked chatting 
with four guys and her husband. 

Suddenly the door bell rang. Everyone looked at each other. Then they
heard the front door open and a voice called out, "It's only me." 

Garry's hand went to his head. "My God, it's Joan," he said. 

She breezed into the room, smiled at Enid, and came over and kissed her
on both cheeks. "Hope you have all enjoyed the game." Garry looked at 
her sheepishly. She smiled. "It's the Rugby Six Nations Final next 
Saturday; how about you all come over to our place?" Garry's eyes 
widened and he watched as Joan put her arm around her friend's naked 
shoulders. "I could do with a coffee," she said.  Enid smiled at her 
and they walked together through to the kitchen. 

Craig looked across at Garry. "What time does the game start on Saturday?" 

Well it's a little light reading isint it, hope you found it stimulating, it's the big match in the UK soon so it might give some of you ideas. If you did enjoy it and you would like to read more of my work just add my name to your favorit author list and you will be informed about my next submission, and if you would like to chat about my stories or any other subject just drop me a line I would love to 
hear from you.
