Nudity is the Best Policy
byJackandJilldo©

Nudity is the Best Policy Pt. 01

Some years back, the state that I live in changed their laws to accept public nudity as being part of a broad federal ruling regarding the legal right to free speech. It was determined that forcing people to wear clothes in public infringed on their right of self expression through nudity. Displaying one's unclothed body was thereby ruled as free speech, so public nudity became not only legal, but fully covered under all First Amendment protections.

Ever since I was a little girl, I always loved the way I felt when I took my bathing suit off after I came home from the pool, and walked around completely naked in my bedroom. I felt so free! I don't know exactly how to explain it, but it was very exhilarating, and I also felt rather naughty and excited at the same time. Over the years, that certain thrill diminished a bit as I became accustomed to the feeling of being clothes-free in my room, except when I was outside. Oh my god, was that fun! Sometimes, I would slip out of the house at night and walk into the open field a few blocks away, where I would take off all of my clothes and run around totally nude; feeling giddy and carefree. Once again, that familiar exhilaration returned as I darted around, feeling so free and naughty once again! God, why did I love being nude?!

In time I became accustomed to it, so when the legislation went through allowing not only myself, but everyone else in the state to be nude everywhere and ALL of the time, I was absolutely ecstatic! The new law applied to everyone regardless of age, so I caused quite a sensation when I showed up at school after our summer vacation, without any clothes on. Well, that's not entirely true. I was wearing shoes.

It wasn't a spur of the moment decision though. I had talked extensively with my parents about my desire to go clothes-free both at home as well as in public, after the ruling. Initially, they were a little taken aback by my decision - and understandably so - but being loving and understanding parents, they eventually not only accepted my decision, but embraced it as well.

I had started out gradually, by being nude around the house, as both my parents and myself learned how to interact with my new-found self expression. That graduated to going out into the yard and playing as any other child would; I just wasn't wearing any clothes. Again, there was initial shock from our neighbors as one might expect, but they too, eventually came to accept my unclothed body as being normal for me. All of the other kids were eventually allowed to play with me, just as if I were wearing clothes.

The first day of school was interesting, to say the least. Most kids try their best to impress everyone by showing off their new clothes, but I had no such dilemma at all, other than deciding what pair of shoes to wear. I learned early on, that when in doubt, nudity is always the best policy. You thought it would be honesty, didn't you? Come on, be honest, that's what the old saying says, but it's not the case. No one cares what you are saying, as long as you are nude while you're saying it! So I opted for my favorite pair of well-worn ballet shoes. They were comfortable, and it helped me feel a little more at ease, as I stepped into the real world for the first time without a stitch of clothing on my bare body. The bus driver stared at me in shock, but said nothing, as I boarded the bus and took a seat about halfway back. Some students were stand-offish, while others eagerly embraced the fact that I was nude, and made conversation with me.

Once I got to school, there was some initial buzz, but it soon faded. All of the teachers had been trained and properly prepared to deal with any students who might fall under the new ruling, so they weren't all that shocked to see me roaming the halls in the nude. In fact, my homeroom teacher, Mrs. Allison, had also shown up in nothing but a pair of pumps. Because of our shared passion of self expression, we hit it off pretty well, and actually became close friends early on. To this day, we are still very good friends.

Of course, I suffered through a lot of teasing the first day, until Mrs. Allison caught wind of it and demanded a school assembly the following morning to address the new law, and how it was just as wrong to make fun of me for not wearing clothes, as it was for them to make fun of someone for their sexual preferences or skin color. That shut everyone up real quick. In time, they too came to accept my bare body as being quite normal. In fact, once I got into high school, I became quite the popular girl, as boys found it irresistible to gawk at me, if not downright impossible to NOT stare at the nudist girl in class. Rather, I became so popular, that many other girls shed their clothes as well, in an attempt to garner the attention of the boys in school.

It was obvious, however, that they were only into it for the attention. I, on the other hand, strode the halls with utmost confidence. I was just as comfortable being nude in public, as they were clothed. In reality, if I were to put clothes on, I would immediately feel very self conscious. I was born to be nude and show my body off to the world. So while I wasn't doing it to draw attention to myself, I still became an exhibitionist because I was so confident to go everywhere completely nude; the grocery store, the DMV to get my driver's license... even the mall.

Oh my god, the mall! I'll get back to that later on, but the DMV was totally amazing. My mother took me over to get my license, as Dad was working. I showed up wearing nothing but a pair of sneakers, and you can imagine the response that garnered! Being a government agency though, they understood full well that I was allowed to be there without any clothes on, so they had to respect my attire (or lack of it). I finished the written test in less than ten minutes, but no one seemed to want to ride with me for the road test. I got bumped back and forth for almost two hours before my mother finally lost her cool.

"Listen up!" she bellowed. "My daughter passed the test two hours ago, and you are discriminating against her for being a nudist. If you don't get someone out here in the next thirty seconds to do her road test, I'm filing a complaint against the State, and we're going to the news outlets too. Do your damned job!"

A woman suddenly appeared, and hastened her way over to us.

"Please come with me!" she said in a rather urgent tone of voice. "I'll get your photo taken, and your license will be in your hand in less than five minutes."

"Bullshit!" my mother huffed. "You will take her on a road test, and you will grade her accordingly. If she fails, she fails, but you will NOT patronize her simply because she's a nudist, do you understand me? Do your job, and don't treat her any differently because she isn't wearing any clothes, or I am going to sue the living shit out of you!"

"Yes, Ma'am!" the woman replied. "Miss, please follow me. Do you have the keys to your car with you?"

I held up my set of car keys, and she nodded. Ten minutes later we were back inside, and I had a passing grade. That was my first real experience in dealing with the general public regarding my right to be nude in public, and it taught me a lot. People tended to treat me with kid gloves, like I was handicapped or something, and I suddenly felt an understanding for the handicap-able as well. It pained me, but I understood that I was different from other people. It didn't curb my enthusiasm, however, and I did everything that every other teenager did, including going to the mall.

The mall was probably my favorite place to go, with so many strangers staring my nude body. I absolutely loved walking through the mall with nothing on at all. It was an absolute thrill! And hanging out with my friends in the food court and arcade was the bomb. I was just like any other teenager, I just wasn't wearing any clothes.

Initially, mall security approached me to make sure I wasn't a whacko, but once we started talking, they took me to a secret place that every mall has, where you can participate in polls, watch movies and review them, and even try experimental products, like food and electronics. If you think I'm lying, I guarantee you it's real. It will be down an unmarked corridor, but every mall has one of these places. I watched the trailer for Jump, eight months before the movie came out, and got a ton of coupons for everyday items for answering surveys. These were only a few of the perks I experienced at the mall, but my true fun happened not at the mall, but back in school!

My senior year in high school was totally awesome! I had run for Student Body President my junior year and won in a landslide. I mean, it wasn't even close. I guess everyone really liked this student's body! I was also nominated to be the Homecoming Queen, although I wasn't too fond of the king. We did pose for several pictures together, and I'll have to admit rather grudgingly, that we made a handsome couple. He wasn't my type, however.

I'd never had so much fun in my entire life! I loved school, and all of the friends I had made over the years. I knew that all too soon, however, it was all going to end and we would all go our separate ways. Many of these people, I would most likely never see again, as only a portion of each class returns for reunions. In fact, by my ten year reunion, three of my classmates were already dead. One was murdered by a serial killer, another died from sickle cell anemia, and the third had committed suicide. I was determined to make the most of this year!

I had the rare experience of being popular with both students and faculty. Typically, you are one or the other, but I was both smart and popular, so I was never at odds with teachers because I was being entertaining to the class. I was really going to miss my friends, as I moved on to that next phase in life, and I was trying to find a way to make one last splash so to speak. Something that everyone would remember, but not so off the wall that it diminished the impact.

A few weeks prior to graduation, I was called into the principal's office. I was a good student, with good marks and no history being in trouble, but I was still a bit apprehensive as I entered his office. He motioned for me to have a seat and smiled, doing his best not to stare at my body, although he was used to it. Not just with me. His wife was my homeroom teacher back in middle school; Mrs. Allison. My breasts had grown in by this time, and while not much more than C cups, I had never worn a bra, so they were starting to get a little on the soft side, even though I was only eighteen. I was an avid jogger, so they had been pounded out pretty well by this point in my life.

"Good morning, Miss Tanager." he said pleasantly, making direct eye contact, although his gaze darted down to my saggy tits from time to time. I mean, the man was only human. "I trust you are doing well today?"

"Why yes, Mr. Allison." I replied. "And you?"

"Quite well, thank you." he answered. "Before I forget, Gloria said to say hello. I know you've been busy studying for your final exams, but she hopes that after graduation, you'll have some time to have lunch with her. Anyway, it's graduation that I'd like to talk to you about, Tina."

I was a little uncertain of where this was going, but I had a general idea.

"What about it, Mr. Allison?" I inquired.

"Well, it's your right to be nude, and I certainly understand and appreciate that," he said a bit carefully, "but I was kind of hoping you would wear not only your cap, but your gown as well. Particularly for the group photo. You know that Friday is the deadline to order caps and gowns, so I wanted to talk to you about this now."

"I feel very uncomfortable in clothes." I responded. "Even in a gown. I feel extremely self conscious and constricted. I know you can understand that. I do understand your position as well. Perhaps we could compromise?"

"How so?" he inquired.

"Well," I began, "how about if I wear the gown for the picture ahead of time, and for the ceremony? I'll wear it all the way until my name is called to walk across the stage."

"I know where this is going," he muttered, "but go ahead."

"When you call my name, I am going to open my gown and drop it right there on stage, walk across totally nude in full view of everyone, accept my diploma from you and retake my seat nude. Except for my cap that is. I'll be very proud to wear that."

Mr. Allison sighed.

"Okay." he agreed. "I didn't think I could sway you one hundred percent, but I'll gladly take your offer, Tina. Thank you."

He laughed.

"I was kind of hoping that you would put your gown on to cross the stage, but I support your views and appreciate your willingness to work with me on this. Now, that was my official stance on all of this, as a representative of the school system. However, I have no problem whatsoever, if you want to do the whole thing fully nude, I'm not going to intervene."

"Thank you, Mr. Allison." I responded with a smile. "I would actually love to do the whole thing completely nude, but you did make some good points about the photo and all. Besides, imagine the shock value when I drop my gown onstage, and then stride across it with nothing on but my white heels and graduation cap to accept my diploma. I've been trying to come up with something that would really have a wow factor, and I think this is it. Thank you Mr. Allison, for giving me the idea."

"Glad I could help." he replied ruefully. "Just be tactful, is all I ask."

The morning of graduation, I was more excited and nervous than I had ever been in my life, except for perhaps that first day of school when I showed up without any clothes on. Dad smiled at me, as we got into the car to head for the school.

"My little Babygirl's all grown up now." he said wistfully, as he glanced in the rear view mirror. "I'm very proud of you, Sweetheart."

"Me too." my mother agreed. "Honor student, Homecoming Queen, Class President. It's no wonder you were accepted by so many universities. With your scholarships, you could have gone to an Ivy League school. Why didn't you?"

"I want to stay here." I replied. "I'd have to wear clothes in those states, and I don't want any part of it. Until they pass a federal law protecting my right to be clothes-free, I'll live here or another state, like California or Vermont, where it's legal. Vermont gets a little chilly in the winter though, so that's very unlikely."

"Well, either way, your father and I are both very proud of you." my mother said with a broad smile. "Have you picked a major yet?"

"Constitutional law." I replied. "I want to represent others who have been held back by those who see the Constitution as an outdated piece of paper. I will learn the law and I will file a suit in federal court to fight for my right to be free of clothing not just here, but everywhere in the supposedly free country."

"That's my girl!" Dad said enthusiastically, as we headed for the high school. "A chip off the the old block, your are."

He parked the car and we all exited. Several of my friends came up as we headed for the football field where the ceremony was to take place. I introduced everyone to my parents, and we all filed over together. I was carrying my folded gown and cap, and someone asked the obvious question.

"Hey T, are you gonna do the ceremony nude?"

"Partially." I replied, with a suggestive smile tugging on my face. "Principal Allison and I worked out a deal. I'm going to wear the gown for the class picture, but at some point, it's all coming off! I'll let you figure out when and where."

This of course drummed up quite a bit of enthusiasm, and everyone began chattering back and forth, trying to figure out when I was going to make my fully nude appearance. After the class photos were taken, we all sat down in our assigned seats in alphabetical order. The ceremony proceeded just like any other graduation, until we all stood and filed over to receive our diplomas. Everyone was whispering excitedly, as they figured the time was fast approaching when I would ditch my gown, and they were correct. One by one, we crossed the stage as our names were called, with several students getting additional applause if they were popular; jocks and class clowns in particular. Finally, it was my turn. I stood on the right side of the stage in anticipation, as Principal Allison called my name after what seemed like forever.

"Christina Tanager."

There was absolutely dead silence as I paused for a second, before opening my gown and casting it one side before strolling casually across the stage completely nude, except for my white heels and my purple cap and tassel. A steady chant of "Tin-a! Tin-a! Tin-a!" erupted as I took my time, stopping halfway to pause and curtsy politely to the audience before continuing, much to the delight of everyone in attendance.

I could see a smile tugging at Mr. Allison's mouth, as he did his best to retain his composure and not break out into a grin along with everyone else. The crowd quieted once more, as he extended his right hand to shake mine, and present my diploma with his left. Instead of shaking his hand immediately, however, I removed my cap and took the tassel off. I then placed the cap on his head, the tassel in my teeth, shook his hand and accepted the diploma, much to the approval of the entire audience.

A round of thundering applause erupted, as everyone rose to their feet and gave me a standing ovation. Once again, the chant of "Tin-a! Tin-a! Tin-a!" rang out, followed by, "USA! USA! USA!"

Principal Allison took the opportunity to do something he had never done before. He handed me the microphone and nodded.

"Keep it brief, is all I ask." he said with a warm smile. "I know they all want to hear from you though."

Everyone quieted down as I took the mic and smiled.

"It is my absolute privilege and honor to address you all today." I began. "Six years ago, I returned from summer vacation without any clothes on, and while I know many of you were initially shocked, you came to realize I was no different than you. Well, except for the fact that I was stark raving naked. I'm sure some of you thought I was stark raving mad too."

Several giggles could be heard, and I continued.

"My point is, that you accepted me, and it means the world to me. I have made many friends here, and as we all go out into the real world, I hope that you continue treating others as you have treated me; with dignity and respect. It has been my honor to have been your Student Body President, Homecoming Queen, and all around friend. I will never forget you, or the friendships that I have had with almost every single one of you; students and faculty alike.

"Today, we will leave this comfort zone and venture into a very different - and even alien - world beyond. While one door closes behind us today, another is opening before us right now, even as I speak to you. I consider all of you my friends, and I love you all. I shall truly miss each and every one of you."

With that, I handed the mic back to Mr. Allison, and departed the stage to another round of thunderous applause. Everyone waited until I had taken my seat before finally quieting down, and my dear principal smiled.

"I have to say, that in all of my twenty seven years as the principal at this school, I have never, ever, overseen a graduation stunt like you just pulled, Miss Tanager. I knew you were going to do something completely rash, but I had no idea just how original and yet poignant at the same time, it would be. That was a wonderful speech, and something that I think all of us could take a note on and learn from.

"Now, while you may have pulled off the best stunt so far, I think we're both about to go down in scholastic history. As I said, I have been the principal here for twenty seven years, but I have been with this school system for thirty five. It's time for me to retire, so I am officially giving my notice of resignation at this very moment. Now, I cannot be fired."

There was stunned silence for a few seconds, as he placed the microphone back into its stand, but then he turned away from the crowd, unfastened his pants, and dropped them in the biggest moon any of us had ever seen. Another round of applause erupted, as he pulled his pants back up and retook the mic.

"That is my official resignation, and this school board can kiss my fucking ass!" he exclaimed. "My wife and I moving to Ruidoso, New Mexico. We're done."

He then looked at me and smiled.

"I may not have beaten you for overall content," he said with the biggest shit eating grin I have ever seen, "but I sure as hell topped you for shock value! Ha!"

He was certainly right about that! Both he and I made history that day for most likely all the wrong reasons, but no one ever surpassed the time that our principal mooned his entire school, after one of his best students stripped and paraded totally nude across the stage. Good times they were, but they would only get better as I entered the collegiate world.

I still had another summer vacation ahead of me before I entered the state university, so what would I do in the meantime? I was now eighteen years old, and no matter what state I was in, I was a legal adult, so that left a lot of time and room for me to have as many sexual experiences as I wanted from here on out. I was no longer a little girl playing nude in her sandbox; I was now an adult that was getting very turned on by being nude in public all the time, and I wanted to have sex very badly.

Very soon, I would find myself in a popular sorority, where I had access to almost every dorm room on campus if I wanted it, but that is another story... 


