Brian gestured over toward the end of the kitchen counter. "The phone book's open to the T's... the cordless is laying in the open spine. I know all the tricks men do." He dipped his head to lean his forehead on Michael's brow. "I also know the fears you have, they're legit. I'm feeling them too." He sniffed and wrapped his arms around Michael, hugging him close. "I'm not letting you run away." 

Michael bent his head to fall on Brian's right shoulder joint. He wiped under his eyes, feeling guilty for even thinking of what he had planned. "I'm not fuckin' running away." He soaked up the feelings he needed from Brian's nearness, then drew away. "Brian, I feel like..." He gently caressed Brian's face with his two hands, running down the same path. "... jesus..." He couldn't look at those hazel eyes without crying. "... this sounds utterly bonkers, but I feel like I'm asking so much more of yourself than you're capable of giving. I had no idea Ben would be this way. Or try a seriously fucked-up thing to break us apart by forcing us to face our one fear."

Brian planted his hands on the seats of the two stools beside Michael, lowering his head to look into those mesmerizing, watery brown eyes. "But he failed, didn't he? I'm not scared of what's happening. I don't know about you, but I've never felt stronger. About myself or my place in your life. And more than anything... I've never been so totally aware and focused on how much you really do care for me and love me. Even how much we mean to one another... as not only best friends but as equals in every way."

Michael grabbed the sides of Brian's head, leaning their foreheads together. "Brian... sweetie... I can't do it." He began kissing him, separate lone tears falling to show how much he regretted what was about to happen to them. “I can't let you do it.”

Brian's hands naturally bunched into fists, always on the alert when Michael cried. As if he could somehow protect him from the world's unkindness. "What?" He brought up one fist to run the knuckles down the side of Michael's face, making the wetness disappear.

"I can't sit back and watch what Ben might do to you."

Brian closed his eyes, swallowing the lumps lodging in his throat. His heart pumped faster knowing how much Michael was willing to do to protect him. "He can't hurt me, not like you think. If he's so sure it's 'power' that sustains me during sex, he's been sadly mistaken." He almost wanted to smirk at keeping his deepest secret from coming out.

Michael leaned back on the counter, running the backs of his hands down Brian's bare chest. "And you would blow apart his thesis if you told him. So why don't you tell him, Brian? Get him off your tail?"

"Because..."

"What?"

"... then Bruckner would really want to 'study' me. Then I'd get sick and tired of him hanging around me, poking me like I was some freakish lab rat. His own human test subject."

"Can you tell me?" Michael hooked his hands at Brian's waist, drawing him close, tucking his face in the crevice of neck and collar. "I won't reveal a thing to Ben." He slid his cheek along the upper chest, inhaling Brian's essence, feeling a certain comfort in his strength. "I don't care what he's got to say, what excuses he might use to cover up the real issues. Or the problems he has with me." He stopped caressing Brian, squeezing the chest tight. "I feel betrayed, mostly. Like he thought I was lying all this time about you. Setting me up to disappoint him." He turned his face into Brian's chest. His voice low, almost

whisper-soft. "I guess I have, in a way." 

Brian tightened his lips, but as he distanced his body from Michael's, he hid his frustrations well. Always... always... showing how much he felt for Michael on the surface, never below. Michael could never see what lay beneath his feelings for him. He would certainly rethink his chosen path. "Michael... look at me..." He had to grab Michael's chin, but then the dark lashes swept pale skin. "... Mikey..." The use of his precious nickname made those brown eyes open and glitter with tears. Brian used the perfect tone to cause Michael to listen, alert and awake. His eyes intent on hazel ones looking back at him. "You're not a sinner. You're not dirty or filthy... or wrong in who you are." He let go of Michael's chin, snickering. "I don't know why I've entrusted all these men to feel the same way I do, about you. I thought it was a given, so obvious. I didn't lie in my interview answers. You are my ideal man. Even with everything you think makes you a bad, terrible and mean person. They tend to be what causes me to love and want you more. What defines you being 'sexy' to me."

"Hmmm... like my hair..." Michael played with the crazy spikes bed head always gave him.

Brian shook his head, chuckling deeply. He crossed arms over his chest, wrapping himself in the comforter. He was getting a little cold suddenly. "Christ! The hair's fixable. But it's certainly not who you are. I fell in love with you, before anything else. I grew to love the hair, but it's not what made me stay here as long as I have, by your side."

Michael nodded his head in complete agreement, seeing where Brian was coming from. "Even though we were asked to say what turns us 'on' or 'off' about men... that changes in an instant when we face the people we end up loving. No man is perfect. We would never be able to find the men we've described in those answers."

"They live somewhere, in fantasy land. Frankly, I think I've found the one I'm meant for."

Michael blushed, his dark lashes falling on his cheeks again. "Thank you. I needed to hear that."

"We love, because we let ourselves fall... not because we've chosen someone to fall in love with who doesn't exist."

"I like that. I bet you made it up, just now."

"Yeah... I did." It was Brian's turn to get a little flushed.

"So... what's the Great Big Kinney Secret?"

"You really wanna know?"

"Of course. I've already established I'm constantly aware of what makes you tick. Except you'll be happy to know, I'm not writing a novel about a fictitious you or a thesis on the somewhat-real you."

Brian stared Michael down, determined to have these words said so they could go back to bed. "I love you."

Michael smiled, never realizing how he liked the ease at which Brian stated the declaration. "Yup. Got that."

"I love sex."

"Uhm... yeah..." Michael chuckled, leaning back on his elbows, allowing Brian a view of his naked chest and pert nipples. The belly he loved to rub, the tightness of his jeans. "... I tended to notice that over the years."

"I'd do anything for you." Hazel never wavered off brown eyes.

"Mmm-hmm... I've seen it once or twice."

"I'd do whatever I can to get sex, any way I can."

"Oh... okay... is this like one of those SAT word associations I sucked at during the test? MIKEY is to SEX as BRIAN is to... what?"

"What?" Brian squinted his eyes, furrowing his brow.

"No. See -- You tell me." Michael's hands went from one bare chest to the other, when he was on Brian's he slid over to the right breast, feeling the strong steady beats against his skin.

"Oh..." Brian was momentarily caught unawares for a split second. His vision blurring and his hearing in and out of sharpness. "... uhm... where was I?"

Michael's eyes began to flitter over Brian's face, because he saw the gorgeous hazel pupils roll back into Brian's head. "Sweetie... you okay?"

Brian faltered, reaching out to grasp Michael, who was climbing off the stool finally. "Yeah.. I'm just--" He closed his eyes to make the world stop spinning, feeling Michael's strong embrace around his waist. "C-c-can we lay down somewhere? I'm not--"

"Brian... shit!" Michael enveloped Brian and comforter in his arms. "... you're more exhausted than you think. C'mon, we'll walk to the bedroom." He separated man and comfy blanket so Brian wouldn't trip. Didn't matter that Brian was still naked or possibly hard for him. He let Brian use him as a crutch, encouraging him to take one step at a time and use the walls when needed. They made it to the bed where Michael gently sat him down. Brian fell back, taking a few minutes to settle his body, then rolled onto his side to crawl up the mattress toward the headboard. Michael kicked into his "worried Italian mother" mode. He watched Brian climb under the sheets, then settled the comforter back over the entire bed. "Do you feel a headache? Any nausea?"

"No. Just so fuckin' tired." Brian dragged over two pillows, scrunching down on them. "Mikey... I think you might have brought me to the brink of death with your voracious sexual appetite."

"Oh... you flatterer you." Michael brushed the air away with Brian's compliment. "No, I'm pretty certain what's wrong." He tucked Brian in as he walked away. "I'll be back."

"AND I AM NOT A BIG BABY!!" Brian wanted to make that point fairly clear.

Michael chuckled lightly, able to show his fears as he wandered away from Brian's eyes. He covered his face with his palms. "Did I say you were?" Jesus Christ! Give me a fuckin heart attack, Kinney!! He felt pissed, but at who was the question. He went to scrounge around in the fridge to find what he needed. He carried everything to the bedroom. "I'm pretty certain I scored with feeding you that sandwich. Probably not such a hot idea to give you the beer, though."

"What?" Brian flipped over, facing Michael as he wandered over with his armload of food and drink. "Fuck!" He let his head rest on the pillow under him "My head is spinning. Like I'm--"

"Dizzy?" Michael sat on the side of the bed, watching Brian shift over to curl around his back.

"Yeah, but--" Brian lost all sense of thought process, simple vocabulary.

"But what?"

"This is such a feminine thing for me to do. Brian Kinney doesn't faint... nor does he collapse."

Michael swiveled his body to face Brian, dragging his right leg up. "You're dehydrated. It's a classic Kinney move for you. Usually you're not sober enough to notice, so you write it off as being high or drunk. Your sugar might be dropping." He handed Brian the tall glass with orange juice, but he refused it. Michael placed it on the nightstand, within reach. "Here... when you sip it, don't gulp it down. I know you're thirsty, but--" He had a ripe banana in his lap, beginning to peel it. "The banana will fill you up without making you want to upchuck. Potassium is good for you." He picked up the box of crackers next. "Uhm... they're not saltines, but these..." He made a scrunchy face at the words on the box. "... crappy 'organic wheat flour with sea salt' crackers might do the trick, if you start feeling sick like I typically do -- your tummy wanting to go flip-flop."

"Michael..."

"What?"

"Come closer... I think I might fall off the bed and roll onto the floor."

“Do it.” Michael chuckled, taking the first piece of the banana. "I'd like to watch. Since your bed is, like... two inches from the hardwood flooring."

"What?" Brian had dropped a dramatic arm over his face. "No sympathy? What I need are your hugs."

Michael shook his head in decline. "You don't get a thing... until you stop rolling your eyes back in your head at me."

Brian covered his arm over his eyes. "I'm not doing it on purpose."

"So... fuckin' close your eyes... relax... lay back... I'll take care of you."

"Really?"

"Brian... I'm still here, aren't I?"

"I dunno. You made me close my eyes. And..." Brian sat up high on the pillows, puffing out his bottom lip. “... your tone isn't very loving.”

Michael didn't say much else, simply began breaking the banana into pieces. He slowly handed them over to Brian, tapping his hand to open up his fingers to take.

Hazel eyes opened to see the dark head, eyes lowered, in somber quiet. "Michael, what's wrong?" He took the banana piece, one at a time after swallowing. His own hand reached out for another, grabbing Michael's hand to grasp the fingers.

"I'm only wondering..." Michael sniffled out a snicker through his nostrils. "... did I really do this to you?"

"What?! Don't be ridiculous! Fuck, no!" Brian slunk down to conform his body around Michael. "I'm--I haven't been feeling too great since Ben approached me three months ago." He wrapped his arm about Michael's waist, resting his other forearm in Michael's lap. "I think, maybe now that things are coming to a certain end... I'm overwhelmed. And what I have, or haven't, done to my body is catching up with me. That's all." He snatched the next piece of fruit from the banana itself. "Good banana, Mikey."

Michael nodded his head, not sure he couldn't take some of the blame. He leaned up to reach for the glass. "Sips, remember?"

"Yes, Daddy." Brian muttered in the glass as he did as requested. He reached up on his torso, feeling stronger to kiss Michael's cheek. "Have you ever thought about it?"

"What? Officially adopting you?" Michael flashed down his brown eyes in a dare.

"No... jerk..." Brian butted against Michael.

Michael kept his eyes on the bed sheets. "You mean... being a father to a child?"

"I know I'm not the best example to go by. You know how much I didn't want to do it. But now that he's here... I can't think of a moment where he doesn't actually exist. I'm not attempting to twist your arm simply because I did it. I'm only saying... you take such good care of me... and when I see you with Gus... I've wondered, even if you haven't." He took the last sip of juice, putting the empty glass on the night stand.

"I have. Believe me. Plenty of times." Michael brought over the box of crackers, setting them next to the glass. "I'm not sure I'd be prepared for the heavy responsibility."

"Yeah... like I was?"

"Brian, please. No matter how much you disagree and grumble, somewhere deep down inside you wanted Gus as much as Mel and Linds did." Michael reached over to brush back Brian's mussed hair. He liked seeing the color return to Brian's white sheen from earlier.

"I wanted him..." Brian ran his finger down Michael's bare arm, sliding it over his bent knee. "... because of you."

"Huh?"

"Everything... every move I make... every word out of my mouth... every thought in my head... is deliberate. In hopes that one day, you'd see... me."

"So, you've been 'flirting' with me for almost 17 yrs?"

Brian's head fell forward, nearly into Michael's lap. He brought it back up. "No. I've loved you for that long. I've been needing you... wanting you to notice me."

"What about everyone you've fucked that wasn't me?" Michael placed one palm on the bed, leaning on it. The move brought him face to face with Brian.

"I looked for you... in them. Some could have been your exact twin. Some... had the right hair color... their eyes. A few had just one of your smiles. It's a fucked up way to be with you, without hurting you, while you went on without me."

Michael reached down to cup Brian's cheek. "I've never tried to duplicate you during sex, because it would be too painful. If I couldn't have you, I wanted someone that, maybe, could make me forget."

Brian placed his head on Michael's knee, looking up directly at him. "You need to talk to Ben."

"Uh..." Michael chuckled nervously. "... no fuckin' way!!"

"Michael, you have to see him without me. And you need to make it clear to him what you want."

Michael brought up his hand to sift through Brian's brown locks. "I want this to already be over. I want this not to be so difficult. I don't want to have to break-up with another boyfriend over things out of my control. I want to have been living here with you for months, having established this routine of ours. When you leave for work, I would go home and change... open my store. We'd call one another before we left to make plans for the night or something. I want the normalcy of US back."

Brian blinked up at Michael, feeling his real fears. "You hate the idea of not only the second interview, but the possible threesome."

"What else can he need from us that he didn't get before? How long does this fucking paper have to be for him to get his silly-ass degree?"

"Because it was never about the paper." Brian slid up to match heights with Michael. "Really... it's okay."

"No. It's not." Michael snatched the hand Brian meant to draw up to touch his face with. He kept it between his two hands. "I'll never be A-okay with this because -- yet again... it's like that guy... at the club, who starts to hit on me. He and I start to like each other, things are going fine... we dance, he seems very interested in taking this elsewhere... and then here you come... sauntering up to me in all your gorgeous beauty... and suddenly I don't exist anymore."

“To me, you do. You exist, to me.” Brian hated Ben at this moment, for dragging Michael down this far. Now it was his duty and his honor to make Michael see differently. "I can make any guy want me, that's easy. Harder to get them to love me, so that's where you come in." He scraped his finger down Michael's cheek, along his jaw.

Michael shut his lids, unable to picture the moment without getting upset. "I don't really want to be in the room, Brian. I can't watch him... take... you in front of me."

"Michael... a threesome doesn't work without the three people in the room together." Brian smirked, raising a curious eyebrow. "How else did you think--?"

"Show me." Michael spoke clearly, voice not wavering.

"What?" Brian was a little stunned to quiet.

"You told me you've participated in threesomes. Show me what you've done... what's been done to you. How have they played out?” Michael stared for a longer pause than usual, tilting his head just so as he saw Brian avert his gaze. “Because in my mind... all I see is him defeating you, making you weaker. When we were kids, I could never bear watching that happen without wanting to kick the shit out of whomever was bullying you. I won't stand for it now."

Brian smiled, in a fragile manner, placing his hand on Michael's thigh. "I was never in my body when I fucked those men."

"Where were you?"

Brian lifted his eyes to Michael's face, his hand raised to touch the soft skin. "In my head... always... with you..."

"... oh, Brian..." Michael choked, putting a hand to his chest.

Brian huddled close to Michael as if they were telling ghost stories near a camp fire. "See, the trick is to close your eyes. Helps to take you away, out of your body. I've fucked you plenty of times in my head...” He tapped his temple hard. “... called out your name, too..." He bent to press lips to Michael's open mouth.

Michael allowed Brian to kiss him, but he didn't dipped into the motion, keeping his head and neck steady. "Wanna know something funny?... I have, as well."

"Called out your own name?" Brian teased, catching Michael's hand when he pushed at his chest.

"No, silly. Your name. I didn't even really know I'd done it. The guy got up to leave. I thought he was being rude, until he told me what his name was. That I had been calling him 'Brian' for the last half-hour. I let him leave, because... I wasn't really that sorry..." Michael smiled devilishly. "I saved all my more intense orgasms for you."

"Every single one of mine was because of you."

Michael shook his head in bewilderment. "Eeesh... no pressure. Hefty responsibility. I think I'll struggle on."

"Sometimes..." Brian tucked their hands to his chest. "... I've not only fucked you, but I've simply been with you. Like how we hang out regularly."

Michael began to push Brian backward to fall onto the mattress; they were both sliding their bodies up the bed to lay on the pillows. "So.. tell me... how did you do this?"

Brian lifted one side of his mouth in a smirk. "You'll consider it?"

"Yeah. After I talk with Ben."

"Don't wait too long."

"Oh, it'll be soon."

"Good." Brian slid his hands down Michael's back, cupping the denim-covered rear. "You ready?" He spoke the offer on the side of Michael's mouth.

"You okay?" Michael drew away, looking down at Brian. "You're not about to faint on me, again, are you?"

Brian lifted himself up to whisper in Michael's ear. "You made me all better, Mikey." He kissed the cheek, rubbing their skin together.

"Great." Michael got out of the bed to take off his jeans, leaving them where they landed. He reached into the new dish they'd set on the nightstand that held the lube and array of condoms for them to pick from.

Brian yanked back the covers and the comforter. He sat on the mattress, watching Michael climb onto the bed with his knees. His cock magnificent at this point in the day of wearing the cock ring. He settled on his own knees, caressing Michael's features and hair as he felt the rubber being put on his own cock. "Do you want to be on your back or on your knees?"

"My back..." Michael tumbled down to land on his back, scooting over to adjust his body and open his legs around Brian. "... I want to see your face and eyes..."

"That night -- whenever it arrives -- you might see Bruckner over my shoulder." Brian slipped in between Michael's thighs, shifting them wider, sliding his body down further to lift Michael's backside off the mattress.

"I can deal with that. I know a way." Michael reached out to grab onto Brian's shoulder joints, lifting up.

"I'll slide into you first..." To Michael's surprise, Brian did just that.

Michael arched back. "Oh, yeah... the sweet spot... jesus... do that again..."

Brian slid back out slow, then slammed in watching Michael moan out his pleasure. He had him balanced on one arm behind his back, keeping Michael's ass raised so he could sink deeply. "I've found you have more than one."

"A God-given talent... but thank you..." Michael rose up to meet each of Brian's thrusts.

"Once we start moving..." Brian picked up the pace, faster. Michael was pounding upward in tandem. Brian bent low to Michael's ear, nudging his face into Michael's hair. "Reach around... put your hands on my ass..."

Michael did as requested, knowing what he would want, but would Brian? "Now what?"

"Like what I do with you.” Brian gestured with everything but his hands or fingers, toward his own backside. “Massage... spread them open... and--"

"Like this?" Michael spread the ample cheeks wide, rubbing them in circles, hands reaching down to soothe the under-curve into the scrotum and testicles.

"God... yes!" Brian jutted in and out quickly, causing Michael to squeeze his internal muscles around him. "... ugh... jesus..."

"I think I know what to do now. When, uh... he's back there..." Michael couldn't even say Ben's name without feeling a pulsating ache of dread. "... do you want me to do the lubrication?"

"Yeah... yesss..." Brian frantically nodded his head, raising his torso by his hands alone, hovering over Michael. He stared intensely down at Michael, who was content with what they were doing now. "... you wanna try?"

"Brian?!" Michael sat up, in shock.

"What?"

"I'm not."

Brian bent his face to Michael's, not too far from kissing him, only a temptation the more he breathed and pumped into Michael. "What if I want you to?'

"Well... that's wonderful." Michael kept talking as he met every thrust into his body. “When were you going to tell me?”

"... in a few minutes..."

"Thanks for the advance warning."

Brian squeezed his eyes shut. "Christ! I just felt you stiffen more!" It was quite a different sensation to be so in tune with his lover's body that even Michael's passion caused his own to rise.

"Sorry... my dick liked the sound of you agreeing to let me Top you."

"Damn... I might even cum from thinking about it. The images I get."

"Shit! Would it really turn you on that much?"

"You're joking right? Because I've always wondered what you'd look like 'topping' me."

"On your back..." Michael even felt naughty asking Brian. “... or on your knees?”

"Back."

"You are such a Bottom, Kinney."

Brian put a finger to Michael's lips. "Ssshhh... don't tell Bruckner."

"Oh... don't worry. He'll only find out that night."

"What night?"

"Figure, uhm... two days from now. It'll be the weekend an'--"

"Michael..." Brian rolled his hips, his fucking-momentum never faltering once.

"Uh-oh... is someone wanting me to fuck them?"

"… please..." Brian begged, letting his head fall on Michael's chest.

"You realize... I've got my cock ring still on. You let me ride you at your own risk."

"Oh, that's what I was looking forward to, Michael. The cock ring looks great on you as does the hard on for me."

"I haven't fucked with my super cock-ringed penis before... should I pad the walls?... put up railings on the bedside?"

"Just be gentle... it's all I ever ask of you."

"Ask and you shall receive."

~~TBC...