
20
Jan/11 0
Vikramsheela Express

Hi this is Sultana Sinha (name changed) 36 yrs old healthy, Male from Patna Bihar again along with 18th story. If you like, the stories please say so via mail sultanasinha@gmail.com

Hi, I am Rudra Pratap Singh from Bhagalpur. It happened with me on a Train. I had secured a job in Allahabad Bank as a PO. I was going to Delhi to join by Vikramshila Express by Two AC.

I reached my prescribed coach/berth and kept my entire luggage under the lower berth. I saw a very beautiful girl in her early twenties sitting across my seat with a middle-aged woman who seemed to be her mother.

She was very beautiful, fair complexioned, with auburn hairs, dark brown eyes, rosy lips with light pink lipstick, wearing tight blue denim, and light pink top and her stats must be 38-24-36, a coke bottle like figure. She borrowed my magazine `India Today' that I was reading to break the ice. She scribbled her name, address, phone number on my magazine, and gestured me to give mine. I quickly grabbed it. I introduced my newly acquired job and myself. Her name was Sandhya. When she spoke, her voice, sounded like thousand chimes into my ears. Anyway, the train started and we started chatting.

She told me that she had just completed her MA and was going to Delhi to her aunt's place. I was very glad to know that this beautiful looking sexy girl will be with me for whole 17 hours of the journey. Until then I was not aware that something will be happening between us and I will be writing this incident for you all. Nevertheless, the time I saw her, I had made my mind that somehow I would have to make this journey as pleasurable and as memorable as possible.

I was making plans in my mind to marry her and convince my parents for the same. Time passed quickly and nothing happened, we chatted, had tea and dinner together. I guessed she was also interested in me but was afraid of her mom. Her mother laid the bed sheet and went to sleep. We moved to upper berth. We talked until midnight; I was having all the possible glimpse of her white creamy, big boobs, through her top, which were feast for my eyes all the time.

In addition, she gave me an ample view of her melons. All the time I was having an erection. She told me that she was feeling sleepy. She blew me a goodnight kiss and dozed off. Half of her boobs were visible from her top. However, there was no sleep in my eyes as I was continuously admiring her curves and beauty. Everybody in our compartment was sound asleep and not a single light or night lamp was on.

Suddenly I realized that something was crawling on my feet, I looked down and saw she was standing near my feet. I was about to say something when she signaled me to keep quite. I followed her out of the compartment towards the toilets. My heart was beating faster and I could easily hear my heart beats. I decided that I would propose to her and seek her mother's blessing. I followed her to the toilets; she opened one of the toilet's doors. She slowly crept in and signaled me to come in.

I followed her into the toilet after looking everywhere if anyone is watching, but nobody was there. As soon as I entered, she closed the door and locked it. I said "Sandhya, why have you closed the door?" she said, "From the very beginning, I noticed you were staring at me in somewhat different way and you were also not sleeping but looking at me."

I said, "Yes, you are right because I fell in love with you and I want to marry you. Will you marry me?"

She continued without listening, "I also noticed the bulge in your pants since the journey had commenced and I know that you want to have SEX with me. This made me so hot that I also wanted to have SEX with you. Will you now FUCK me please, because I had never had SEX before and I am hungry for it."

What a pleasurable statement she made. I was completely in heaven hearing this. I wanted her and she is serving her body to me. She understood everything and she wanted my cock in her cunt badly, almost as badly as I wanted her cunt around my cock. My god, I thought, was I dreaming. I bit my lips and realized that it was not a dream but a reality. I could hardly believe my luck. I was oscillating in my thoughts when she interrupted, "Do you want to have sex with me or not?"

I replied, "Yes, I will be a fool to say no and lose this golden opportunity, No way not by any chance by now." I grabbed her from her waist and started kissing her. I kissed her hard and felt her hot probing tongue enter my mouth. She pressed her body against mine. I could feel her breasts against my chest and pulled her tighter against me.

I reached around and squeezed her ass in my hands. Sandhya's breathings were heavy and I was getting extremely excited. We let go of each other and I stood back to look at her. She had kicked off her sandals, and another kissing session began. She started moaning .........Aaaaaaaaah.......oooooooom... She started grinding her luscious thighs on my crotch. I moved my hands up to caress her magnificent boobs. They were large and firm, then; still deep kissing her, my hands reached her waist and started pulling her T-shirt.

I pulled her T-shirt and she assisted me in getting it away. I slid her shirt off her shoulders, and hanged it on the door hanger. She was wearing a white lacy bra. I massaged her back until I came upon the strap of her bra.

I started kissing her neck, passionately while caressing her boobs through the bra. I reached her back, found the bra-clasp. I tried to unhook it, but in vain. She smiled and took her both hands to her back, while doing this, her boobs where raised a little. Those two melons were marvelous, stunning, about 38', pointed, fleshy, swollen, milky. I cannot find words to describe it. They looked so excellent! I was moved in my heart, I felt like I was about to shoot my pre cum.

While just looking at her majestic breasts, I cummed in my jeans. Sandhya let out an audible sigh as her bra strap came out free. Sandhya shrugged her bra off and proudly displayed her tits. They were big and perky. Her areolas were light brown with erected nipples.

The moment she removed her bra, I grabbed her boobs and sucked her right nipple while twisting and pulling her left nipple and fondling it. I dug my face between her boobs, rubbed my face there. I held her boobs in either hand, hooked it to each other, rapidly swirled my tongue on her boobs. Sandhya was crooning as I moved to suck her both nipple. I do not remember how long I played with her boobs.

Meanwhile I removed my shirt and hanged it aside. During this effort, she was fondling my hairs and massaging my thighs and butts from outside the pant, enjoying the curves in my chest, occasionally fingered my nipples. She put her mouth on my left nipple, feeling it grow hard as she sucked and licked it.

By then, I had already moved to her belly. It was so fleshy, but still very smooth, soft. I started biting her belly, took in as much flesh I could. She unbuckled my belt and released the catch on my pants, which fell about my ankles.

I buried my face in her cleavage and squeezed her breasts against my face. She moved her breasts up and down, back and forth across my face before again moving down to my chest. She continued rubbing down my body, rubbing in a circular motion while kissing and nibbling my chest.

As she reached my stomach, she slid her hands down my back and under my shorts, carrying my stained underwear off. I said, "Hey,go slow." She turned to me and smiled, did not say anything, took my penis in her mouth and started giving blowjob.

I guessed she must have seen xxx movie otherwise she could not have done do it so. Anyway, I was getting immense pleasure in my balls, as my penis was being sucked by my girl friend. Her tongue was moving around my penis head while her fingers were fondling my balls softly. Sandhya was rubbing her lips and cheeks up and down the entire length of my hard cock.

I watched her as she kneeling in front of me, was kissing and licking the undersides of my cock from the base to the top. Sandhya rolled her eyed up to look at me as she began to suck my raging penis into her hot mouth. Her lips moved over to my cock's head and down until the whole shaft disappeared into her mouth.

I groaned with pleasure as she sucked my entire cock, flicking her tongue across the bottom then releasing pressure, sliding her mouth back, letting my cock come almost completely out of her mouth, then going slowly back down to swallow even more.

I ran my fingers through her hairs, grabbing handfuls and pumping my hips slowly as she continued to suck me deeply into her mouth. She started to move faster and I felt a surge building deep in my balls. She was grunting and slurping as my cock drove in and out of her mouth.

She liked what she was doing and was good at it. She was bobbing her head, feverishly sucking my dick while gripping and stroking the base of my cock with her hand. My toes curled tight, my legs were tense and my butt clenched as I felt the excitement built.

I lost all sense of time and place as the sensation come to a climax. Sandhya continued sucking. I could feel the sensation in the bottom of my balls as I started to come. My cock throbbed, sending waves of pleasure and pumping a huge load into Sandhya's mouth.

She was lapping it all up, swallowing my cock, as I was Cumming. She was licking the head of my cock and rubbing it across her lips. She milked every drop from me. My orgasm was so forceful that my legs were shaking and weak.

I had never experienced anything so wonderful and looked down in amazement as Sandhya slid her mouth off my cock, looked into my eyes and said, "It's your turn now." I helped her shakily to her feet and kissed her neck, moving down to her shoulders as I caressed her body with my hands.

I continued kissing down her shoulders and arms and moved over to suck her naked breasts. I then started to kiss my way down to her flat stomach. Then I unbuckled her Belt and unzipped her jeans. I could see a black panty with holes, giving way to her private area. I could see her pubic hairs from side of her panty. Her Jeans was almost stuck in her thunder thighs (she was into Body Exercise regularly). Then I opened her jeans and let it go to the toilet floor.

Now she was standing in her panty only. Her black panty was soaked with her pussy juices. I licked her through her panties. She began to sigh and grinded her crotch into my face. I began kissing her thighs, licked and sucked her cunt lips, and bit her there. Then I pulled her panty down. She stepped out of them and leaned back against the wall of the toilet. I was stunned to see her full nude beauty. I stood up, took two steps back, and stood still for few minutes.

She raised her head and said "What?" I said, "I wanted to see you full nude from a distance to capture your entire beauty in my eyes."She did not say anything but smiled at me biting her lower lip. Out of bashfulness, she covered her pussy with her right hand and boobs with her left hand closing her eyes. I went near her, removed her right hand to uncover her pussy. She held my hand and kept her eyes closed, turning her face to her left.

I grabbed her by pulling her thighs and took my face near her pussy. I could smell a kind of urinary fragrance. I blew air, on her pussy, she giggled and was sounding like "sss hhaaaaaaa mmmm " and was moving her legs, out of notwithstanding the ecstasy.

I started sucking her pussy, swirled it with my tongue, she was already dripping down there. I drove my tongue deep in her pussy, moved my tongue to-and-fro in her pussy, rubbing it all the way there, clasping pussy lips between my lips and teeth.

She held my head in her hands, was caressing my cheeks, fondling them, and was enjoying the shear ecstasy from my play with closed eyes. I continued to nuzzle her pussy, nipping her with my teeth. It had become difficult for her to remain standing.

Therefore, Sandhya sat down on the toilet seat and spread her legs wide to give me total access to her fabulous cunt. As I brought my tongue up across her outer cunt lips, Sandhya put her legs over my shoulders, putting her heels on my back and pulled me towards her.

I again licked lightly over her pussy as it began to open like a lotus flower. I then licked harder, my tongue going between her outer lips, tasting her nectar and ending up on her hardening clitoris. I licked in circles around her clitoris as Sandhya began to moan.

Then I moved down and struck my tongue into her pussy as deep as I could go, flicking it in and out and up and down. Sandhya was continuously pulling me towards her with her legs and grinding her pussy on to my face.

I was driving my tongue in and out of her cunt as she bobbed her hips. She started making more noise, moaning, groaning and yelping, telling me to lick and suck and eat her.

I was hard again by this time. Sandhya was constantly moaning now, she had both her hands on my head pulling my hair to keep my mouth closer to her cunt.

As I continued to lick her clit, I could feel her legs tense and she was moaning loudly "oooooooh yesssss, come on!!!!!! ooooooh, haiiiiiiii, yesss yesss, i'm cominggggg unghhhhhhhh, aahhhhhh, yesss i am coming!" Sandhya's pussy opened wide and drenched me with her love juices. I licked her for quite a long time, and she came twice and ejected her cum on my face and lips. Sandhya looked at my cock, stood up from the seat and directed me to sit on it. She stepped over to me and slowly lowered herself onto my swollen cock. I placed my penis in her vagina hole and slowly swirled it there.

I thrust my penis up, but it did not go even a half-centimeter. I was stunned, how I would make it up? Since we were virgin, (that was my first experience with a woman so close to my physique) I did not know anything. She said, "Please stop teasing. I cannot tolerate anymore, do something. Thrust in me, kill me, suck my pussy ... tearrrr it come on, do it, do it, don't stop ".

She was speaking something roughly, tightened her jaws; I saw her spitting saliva out. Her mouth was deliberatively, moving her head to-and-fro, while her face became reddish. Her pussy was still dripping and slid in with little struggle; filling her with my entire length, she was tight.

I needed some lubrication. I took out Vaseline tube and baby oil bottle from her handbag, mixed them and applied it on my penis and in her pussy. Her body was shivering when I applied that mix in her pussy area. Her womanhood wrapped around my shaft like a glove as she put her arms around my neck, leaned her head back and gave a deep sigh.

I again pointed my penis head, at her vaginal hole and slowly pushed in. She moved her hips, giving way to accept my rod fully. My dick was, by then rock hard and was in full glory. I, took a deep breathe and with my strength clung to her body, grabbed her ass tightly, breathing heavily, I pushed in my dick.

This time it went half inside, I pulled out my dick partially. Leaving its head still in her hole, I gave her a final push upon which it went deeper in her hole. The sides of my penis, rubbing her vaginal walls, gave her immense pleasure, which I could read from her eyes.

Her eyes were closed by then, her lips were wet, and her lower lip half-dug under her upper lip and her head was moving side-to-side, unable to bear the ecstasy. She was moaning "Oooooooohh, God that's perfect! I love it! I never knew sex was such an amazing experience." then she rotated her hips and slid further down onto my penis.

My cock was as hard as steel rod and the feeling of being buried to the hilt inside Sandhya was amazing. I leaned forward and kissed her tenderly as we sat like that, my cock deep inside her, not moving, just exploring each other.

Then I took a long breathe and relaxed myself. She was breathing heavily, her chest was alternatively rising-and-falling, and I felt like floating on a waterbed. I lifted up, started moving my hips to-and-fro, thrusting my penis deep in her vaginal hole.

Each time, I pushed in she shouted like "oh. im im yes come on come on im ahhhh." I continuously did it, her vaginal hymen tore and she started bleeding. She became afraid it seems, she was saying "Stop, stop, please ... im stop, leave me, stop." but she herself did not stop moving her hips with my penis in rhythm. I continuously fucked her like this for quite a long time with blood flowing down my cock.

Soon, Sandhya was gently rocking on my cock and I was leaning back on the toilet seat, moving my hips to meet Sandhya's rhythm. I reached up and held her breasts in my hands and squeezing her nipples between my thumb and forefingers.

I then took her nipple into my mouth as she arched back putting her hands behind her on my knees, grinding her pussy onto my cock. As I sucked her nipples, I reached around and squeezed her ass, pulling her onto me. Her cunt juice mixed with virginity blood was flowing now drenching my cock and balls.

Sandhya was raising her hips higher and taking longer strokes of my cock, I was in heaven as I watched her riding me, watching my cock split her pussy, watching as her pussy engulfed my cock, making it wet with her juices, stroking it and swallowing it.

She was riding my cock with long strokes now, fucking down with her tight pussy, taking my entire length inside her, then raising up, letting four to five inches slide out then coming back down onto me.

I was matching her stroke for stroke, pumping my cock up into her to meet her down stroke, driving my cock as deep it would go. Our fucking was getting quite vigorous and Sandhya's pussy was slurping and farting as my cock pistoned in and out.

Sandhya kept stroking and fucking my cock with her glorious pussy and saying, "Oooooh, yesssss, Ooooh harder, harder, don't stop, don't stop, fuck me harder, yessss, your cock is so good, oh God yes!"

I reached up, grabbing her big tits and squeezing them in both of my hands. Sandhya increased her pace, riding my cock faster and faster with long strokes. Her hands were grabbing my chest scratching and grabbing my legs pulling me to her as she rode my big cock, trying to get every centimeter available.

Her pussy was making squishing and fucking sounds as my cock drove up and down into her wetness. Her wetness was continuously flowing, soaking our crotches as I felt my cock grow even larger as I got ready to come. I felt my cock throb once, getting ready to explode into her juicy cunt.

I said "Ooooh! Sandhya, I'm going to come inside you!" I said "I am cumming." and I was about to take my penis out when She said "No. Don't take it out, go on, and go on doing it." and was shaking her head as to say that pour inside her. Sandhya said "Yes! Yes! Come in my pussy. Fill my cunt with your big cock! Fill my cunt with your cum!" Her pussy was opening up taking all of me, taking so much that I could feel her pussy lips at the base of my cock.

Sandhya was crying, "Fuck me, yes! Oh God Yes! Fuck me deep! Fuck me hard! Hard! Harder! Fuuuuckkk meee!, Fuuuuk mmmmeee! I am going to cum, I am coming!" I was also going to cum and at the same time, I could feel Sandhya's cunt closing, pulsing, and gripping the base of my shaft. I felt my cock swell to immense proportions ready to explode, pumping a load of hot cum into Sandhya's pussy.

My body started shivering vigorously and I spurted my cum inside her pussy. My cock kept on throbbing and pulsating, pumping loads of cum into her cunt. I could feel her cunt also pulsating as my cock continued to throb and pump cum into her. I watched as she stroked her pussy up an down on my cock, cum dripping from her pussy, making my cock slick, slimed, and soaking our pubic hairs.

I felt very tired, with my body full of sweat, I fell on her boobs. We were both breathing heavily and we remained there in each other's arms for quite some time calmly. After sometime I shook my head and saw her, she looked into my eyes. We continued hugging each other. She said, "Wow, I didn't know there could be sex like that!" Sandhya stood up slowly, letting my cock slip from her pussy. She watched with a gleam in her eyes as my cock slid out. Then she sat on the floor & started cleaning my cock with her mouth. She cleaned every single drop left on my cock.

Then she started sucking it again making it to get into life once again. She was sucking me as well as playing with her cunt. I was ready again in few minutes then she bent against the washbasin and I had an idea about her intuitions that she wanted a good ass fuck. I fucked her in her asshole and again in her cunt. We continued until around 4:30 am. We made a promise to marry the next day I report to my job. Her address and phone number was in my magazine. We quietly crept to our respective berths and slept soundly. On New Delhi Railway Station, I bade goodbye.

Her mom came near me and snatched the magazine `India Toady' with her address inside and said, "Listen! Young man you are a very nice person whom anybody will love to have as son in law. What you are proposing to say is not possible here. She is suffering from a no curable mental disorder and we are taking her to Agra for treatment. We are not sure how long will it take for her to recover fully. Her feeble mental state does not allow her to get married. We falsely told her that we are going to New Delhi to her aunt so that she does not oppose coming with me.

Secondly, your father is my cousin, which you do not know. I had married a Muslim boy against the wish of my family and was thrown out of the family. Therefore, she is your cousin and you cannot marry her. So do not ever try to contact her. I hope I am understood properly." I just stood rooted to the ground with tears in my eyes and heavy heart. I left the station never to see her again. They say lightening does not strike the same place twice, but here I committed incest and I am heartbroken. Such a beauty and this fate. God how could you do this to me. This is the story. Hope you liked it. Please rate this story and post your comments on mail sultanasinha@gmail.com.