The Mentalist Chronicles  Part 3

By Buckaroo Bonzai

	I'd hit the motherlode! The ability to control 
people's actions toward others and, presumably, toward 
myself. I imagined myself collecting a harem, great riches, 
all a man could desire. Why, I could manipulate the world's 
leaders. Control the ones in control. Heck, I could rule the 
world! The possibilities so excited me that I forgot to join 
my test subjects for their scheduled fuckfest. Of course, I 
managed to catch it in reruns, if you know what I mean.

	The next day, a Saturday, dawned bright and clear. 
While part of me couldn't wait to try out my newfound 
talent, the rational part recommended a more cautious 
approach. I would test out my power of suggestion from afar 
before taking the personal plunge. 

	My first test opportunity came when I returned to my 
room after cutting the lawn. I'd planned to take a quick 
shower and then head over to the mall. But after glancing 
out my bedroom window, I had a better idea. From my second 
story window I could see into the living room of the couple 
next door. You know, the ones who had such a love of 
corporal punishment. The woman, seated on the loveseat, was 
engrossed in a woman's magazine. A quick scan of her mind 
revealed that her husband was out golfing for the afternoon, 
and wouldn't be back until after five. A perfect amount of 
time for my experiment. 

	My plan was simple. While I'd often seen her nude body 
through her husband's eyes, I wanted to see her beauty with 
my own eyes. Working my way to the edge of her 
consciousness, I projected at her, "Take off all your 
clothes and go in the backyard." I watched throught the 
window as she shifted in her seat, but then her mind formed 
a question, "Go naked outside? I would never do that. Why 
would I even think that?"

	I quickly withdrew, alarmed that I might have tipped 
her off. But she simply returned to her magazine. Obviously 
this suggestion stuff was a little bit more complicated than 
I'd imagined. But that only made sense. The brain is a 
complicated piece of machinery.

	Her common sense had obviously told her not to go 
outside naked. But common sense could be circumvented. I 
knew that from a lifetime of doing dumb things, as well as 
reliving the memories of other people doing dumb things. 
Common sense could be overcome if you rationalized in small 
steps, not large leaps. Then my strategy became clear to me.

	First, I suggested that today would be a good day to 
lay out and get a tan. Her husband would like to see some 
color on her pale skin. That suggestion brought an immediate 
response, causing her to get up and head to the dresser in 
their bedroom. I stayed with her as she reached for the one-
piece bathing suit, gently suggesting that the bikini would 
give her far better tan lines. I watched through her eyes as 
she changed, seeing only her arms and legs and a brief flash 
of her golden triangle. Don't forget the tanning oil, I shot 
out at her as she made her way to the back porch.

	As she set up the chaise lounge in the backyard, she 
felt confident that no prying eyes would see her, mostly due 
to the 7-foot-high fence that surrounded the yard. I 
suggested that she had seen the neighbor boy (me) leaving 
the house earlier, putting to rest her well-founded fear 
that I might spy on her. She lay down in the sun and for a 
few minutes I just enjoyed the warmth of the sun with her. 

	 I watched her from above with a pair of binoculars, 
wishing I had a stand for them so I could have one hand free 
to stroke my cock. But, I rationalized, if this experiment 
worked, I wouldn't need to do myself ever again. She wore a 
simple white bikini which perfectly complemented her figure. 
I pulled her measurements from her mind: 5-foot-6, 127 
pounds, 34-26-32, with double B-cup tits that kept the 
bikini top nice and taut. She thought her ass was a little 
large, though her thighs looked well-toned to me. She wore 
her sandy blond hair cut short to better frame her face and 
draw attention to her sparkling hazel eyes. It worked for 
her. 

	Her thoughts had slowed as the sun's warmth relaxed 
her. I suggested that she untie the bikini top, so there 
wouldn't be such obvious tan lines. She did so and settled 
back onto the chaise. After a few more minutes I gave her 
the image of her standing naked before her husband, her tits 
all bronze and glowing. She shifted a little as she 
considered it, giving me a nice look at her cleavage. I 
carefully allayed her fears of being seen.

	Finally, she sat up and removed her bikini top. Her 
tits were much more well-formed than they had appeared 
through her husband's eyes. Though large, they barely sagged 
at all. Her aurola were about the size of a half-dollar, 
with suitably big nipples. I really couldn't understand why 
her husband didn't pay very much attention to such a great 
pair of boobs. 

	By this time, my cock had stiffened up appreciably. I 
took a few moments to stroke it before returning my 
attention to the neighbor's wife. I had to see what those 
big nips looked like when erect. Don't forget the suntan 
oil, I suggested to her. You don't want to get burned. 

	Sitting up once again, she applied the oil to her 
breasts, rubbing it in thoroughly. Even without my prompting 
she spent extra time on her nipples until they were hard and 
glistening in the sun. By the time she lay back down on the 
chaise, her mind had drifted into some very erotic fantasies 
involving her bronzed body at the mercy of a whip-wielding 
stranger.

	I had planned on getting her to take off her bottom 
for my viewing pleasure, but decided instead to try and 
reward her for the show she'd given me. After the subtlest 
of suggestions, her hand snaked down into her bikini bottom, 
finding the lips of her cunt. As she stroked it lightly, I 
tried to access her body's chemical controls, much as I 
accessed my own. Incredibly, I found that I could! I 
increased the flow of blood to her sexual organs and her 
sensitivity to her touch. Responding, she began rubbing 
herself harder, her fingers clearly outlined inside her 
bikini bottom. As she neared her peak, she penetrated 
herself, her finger directly stimulating her clit.

	As I watched through the binoculars, she tensed and 
drew her legs up in a shuddering orgasm, which I shared in 
her mind. My cock throbbed in time with the mental 
sensations, but I didn't want to let go of the binoculars to 
give it a final release. As the last tremble swept through 
her body, I could begin to sense a feeling of guilt building 
in her. I helped her rationalize it away, and led her into a 
deep sleep. It was only a dream, I suggested. I instructed 
her to waken in 20 minutes, feeling refreshed and beautiful. 

	My experiment had been totally successful! Not only 
could I suggest that someone do something totally against 
their common sense, but I could control their sensory and 
emotional functions as well as I could my own. It was then 
that I determined that, whenever possible, I would return 
the favor with the women I visited and help them to feel 
some extra pleasure. Thus I set the stage for some glorious 
mistakes.





	My next stop that day was at the local mall. I wanted 
to practice my suggestion skills on a number of strangers 
before taking the next step to a fully interactive sexual 
situation. I started by suggesting to various women that 
their breasts itched and they should scratch them 
immediately. Next, I had several lean down to tighten their 
shoelaces, giving me a good view of their asses. Outside the 
Victoria Secret store, I suggested to some very pretty girls 
in skirts that they buy some new silk panties and wear them 
out of the store. At my direction, they sat on the bench 
opposite me with their legs open so I could spy their new 
purchases.

	While many adults think that the entire mall is under 
camera observation, most teenagers know that there are a 
number of places that couples can go for a few moments of 
privacy. I headed to one, an employees-only hallway that led 
to the dumpsters. On the way, I spied a petite young lady 
wearing short-shorts and a white tank top which only partly 
covered her pert tits. Though she was walking with her 
boyfriend, I quickly plotted a way to separate them. 

	Tell him to go on to the Gap, I instructed her. Tell 
him you need to stop at the ladies room. I watched from the 
doorway as she sent him farther into the mall. Now take the 
"shortcut" to the ladies room through the employees-only 
hallway. She didn't even question herself, although I hadn't 
even bothered to set up a very good reason for her to go 
that way. Once behind closed doors, she almost walked right 
past me before I suggested that she take a good look at me. 
As she appraised me, I looked her over, wondering what it 
would be like to fuck such a magnificent body. But that 
would have to wait for another time.

	Instead, I projected that she felt attracted to me, 
and wondered whether I kissed as good as I looked. Without 
hesitation she stepped up close and planted a long, wet 
French kiss on me. When I wrapped my hands around her waist 
I caught a flicker of doubt, which I blocked by suggesting 
that she deserved this, while at the same time I sent a 
burst of adrenaline through her. At that she leaned in even 
closer, her tits pressing hard against my chest. We Frenched 
for a few minutes longer while I caressed her ass and waist 
with abandon. See if you've gotten him hard, I suggested, 
gasping into her mouth when her hand squeezed my already 
stiff rod. 

	With our lips still locked I pressed her up against 
the wall and raised her top, revealing her perky boobs. I 
let my hands roam over them, at the same time projecting 
waves of pleasure into her. She moaned and writhed against 
me, her hips beating a staccato rhythm on the wall. Her eyes 
became hooded as her head thrashed about. It was evident 
that she wanted, no, needed a good fucking. Again I cursed 
myself for picking such a public place.

	Still, I could make good use of my situation. Taking a 
tit into my mouth, I reveled at the soft smoothness of her 
skin, the pebbly texture of the aureola, and finally the 
delicious hardness of her nipple. I forced even more of it 
into my mouth, until the base of her breast ground against 
my teeth. She reacted as I programmed her, by pushing 
herself fully into me. I could've chewed and eaten her tits 
all day, but I knew the clock was racing.  I didn't want her 
boyfriend to come looking for her and find me as well.

	There was time for one final exploration. Reaching 
down, I pushed my hand into her panties, finding her slit to 
be hot and wet. I twiddled the lips briefly, wishing I could 
watch my cock disappear between them. Instead, I had to be 
content with licking her juices from my fingers. She tasted 
like honey.

	Finally I released her, suggesting that she stop at 
the ladies room to clean herself up. I didn't know if her 
boyfriend would notice, but to me she smelled like sex. 
Before she left, I grabbed her address and phone number from 
her mind. She was definitely worth running into again.

	I spent the rest of the afternoon getting into various 
encounters, though none as intense as the first. I found 
that I didn't need elaborate reasoning to sway people's 
actions. Most would do something with only the barest of 
rationalizations. When the mall finally closed, I had one 
big headache and one big set of blue balls. But I was ready 
to take the next step.


