Craig stood on the porch, watching the cab pull away. He push the strap of the bag further up on his shoulder and raised his hand, knocking. He placed a smile on his face and waited for the door to be answered.

Karl dried his hands quickly as he walked down the hall, draping the dishtowel over his shoulder and pulling the door open. "Jesus- Parker? What the hell are you doing here? C'mon in!" Karl said, eyes wide in surprise.

Craig smiled at the dark eyed man. "Hey Karl, god you look great." He followed the other man into the house.

"You too... can I get you something? Beer... something else? Feel free to just go through the fridge and see if something takes your fancy," Karl said, leading them to the kitchen and letting the water out of the sink.

"How have you been? Damn, it's been forever." Craig said with a smile. "Sure beer sounds great."

"Yeah, at least. Last I heard you were in... LA maybe?" Karl mused, grabbing a couple of bottles of beer from the fridge and passing one over to Craig. "Decide it was time to come home?"

"Thanks." Craig said, opening the beer and taking a sip. "Mmm. Yeah, I was just there visiting, for a while. Came back. Then you know decided it was time to come see you." He smiled at the man.

"Yeah, but you didn't come all the way here just to see me," Karl laughed, tipping his beer back. "You shooting something in the area?"

Craig grinned, the smile crooked. "No nothing. I've just thought about you a lot lately. Thought about a lot of things, decided it was time to come see you." He shrugged.

"Oh." Karl blinked, a bit surprised, but recovered quickly. "You already have a hotel in the area, or do you want to stay here- I've got the space if you'd like," he offered.

"I was hoping you'd offer." Craig said. "So, let me take you to dinner? Someplace nice, quiet."

"Sure, I haven't got any plans," Karl agreed with a shrug. "And if it's on you, all the better. There's a steakhouse down the road, within walking distance actually. That sound all right?"

Craig nodded. "Perfect. We can talk, have a steak." He smiled.

The waitress sat the Decadent Triple Fudge Cake in front of Karl, smiling at him before handing Craig his cheesecake. She smiled once more and walked off. Craig watched her go and then grinned at Karl. "Still have a way with - well pretty much everyone - huh Karl?" He winked at the man.

Karl laughed, trying to give Craig a kick under the table. "She's a sweet girl... going back to school to get her degree in... engineering, I think. I eat here a lot," he explained, taking a forkful of icing off the side of the cake and eating that before starting in on the actual cake.

"Uh huh." Craig said, smiling. He swiped his finger through the strawberry sauce on his dessert and held it out toward Karl. "Taste?" He said and cocked his head.

"No thanks," Karl shook his head, pointing his fork at his cake. "I don't like mixing flavors- even chocolate and strawberry." What the fuck... he did not just try to get me to lick strawberry sauce off his finger... did he?

"Mmm, too bad." Craig pulled his hand back and sucked the finger into his mouth, making a blurry noise in his throat. "Nice. Strawberry, it's good on just about anything." He said in a slow soft voice, smiling.

Karl frowned. "So... how's David?" he asked, leaning back in his chair.

"David?" Craig asked frowning. "Fine, I guess. Pissed at me the last time I saw him, but you know." He shrugged and cut a bite of cheesecake, placing it in his mouth and chewing slowly.

"That's too bad. Well, I'm sure you two will work it out. I'm just glad you ended up together," Karl said, leaning forward and patting Craig on the arm.

"Together? Huh?" Craig said, a quizzical look on his face. "Who?"

"You and David... you are together, aren't you?" Karl looked suddenly uncertain.

"No, we - uh - we're friends. Me - and David." Craig frowned and then a smile broke across his face. "No baby, I'm completely unattached." He spread his hands out. "There's no one waiting for me, I'm all yours."

"Craig... I haven't seen you for what- a few years at least, and you show up on my door and take me for dinner and tell me that you're mine? I mean... I know I'm a guy and everything, but..." Karl frowned again, scrambling for words. "I mean, I've never thought about you like that. And I really did think you were with David."

"Well think about it." Craig said and reached, lightly brushing his knuckles across Karl's hand. "C'mon Karl. We can do this. We should have done this. Way back during Rings. We should have told Orlando to go to hell and you and I should have hooked up."

"Orlando? What does he have to do with anything?" Karl asked, shifting his hand just back out of the way, this whole conversation feeling very surreal.

"He was a bastard and - never mind. Listen, Karl," Craig sat up, leaning forward. "We can be great together. Better than it was back then."

"Craig... why did you come here?"

"I came here for you."

"Why? I mean, really- why? We've never had a thing, we're not even that close... and you're here for me? You're going to have to explain a bit better'n that, Craig, because this is pretty strange," Karl admitted.

"Karl, listen. Okay, just listen. Orlando fucked Marton over because of you. He fucked everybody over. You deserve better." Craig said adamantly.

"What in the name of fuck are you talking about?" Karl said, pushing his plate away and looking at Craig. "What the hell is your problem with Orlando anyway? I deserve better? I'm not with Orlando- I haven't been for a long bloody time!"

"Karl. This isn't about Orlando. It's about us." Craig said frowning. "C'mon. Why not?"

"Why not? For one thing, there is no us. There has never been an us - we're hardly even close friends," Karl said, leaning closer to Craig, his words coming out as a hiss. "And for another, you've yet to come up with a single convincing argument why we should beyond the fact that I deserve better than Orlando. Whatever it is your problem with Orlando is, Craig- fucking me isn't going to fix it."

"I don't have a problem with bloody fucking bastard Orlando." Craig said, his jaw clenched. "Fuck, you sound like Marton." He muttered.

"So, both Marton and I think you have a problem with 'bloody fucking bastard Orlando'?" Karl said, raising an eyebrow. "That's pretty interesting, don't you think?"

"I think it's interesting that I was there to pick up the pieces and try to help Marton when he saw Orlando use the same worn out damn move on you that he used on every other bloody person on set." Craig said, voice hard. "Now Orlando is back trying to convince Marton that he loves him, and - fuck - just bloody fuck." Craig said and looked to the side.

"When you saw us where?" Karl managed to look confused and pissed off at the same time.

"At the club. That first night that Orlando gave you the music moving through your blood, better than any high bullshit. The first night you two fucked." Craig snarled out.

"Why the fuck were you spying on us? What business is it of yours anyway whether we fucked or when we fucked or any of it?" Karl shot back, pushing his chair back with a loud scraping sound as he stood, tossing money from his wallet onto the table and heading for the door, managing a polite smile at the waitress as he headed out.

Craig watched Karl leave and blinked. He got up and followed, catching up with Karl on the road. He was silent for a few moments before speaking. "Karl. I - I'm sorry."

"You really crossed a line back there," Karl said, still pissed. "You can't think you can just walk into someone's life out of nowhere, insult their friends and think that's going to charm them into bed. I mean, does this actually work?"

"I didn't insult your friends." Craig said petulantly.

"Well, yeah, you kinda did, since the bloody fucking bastard happens to be one of mine," Karl pointed out.

Craig was quiet as they walked, finally speaking. "I think I need to get my bag and go. I'll call a cab."

"I'm not gonna kick you out," Karl sighed. "If you want to stay, that's up to you. But I can't give you whatever it is you came here looking for. And I think you need to think seriously about dealing with some of the shite in your head. But it's none of my business."

"No, thanks though. I need to go. I just need to go home. Thanks though." Craig said quietly.

Karl nodded, walking the rest of the way home in silence, and then waiting out on the front porch while Craig gathered his things and called a cab. "Take care of yourself, Craig. I do mean that," he said, hesitating a moment before pulling the other man into a hug. "And tell David I said hello when you see him next."

"Yeah I will. Thanks Karl. I'll - yeah - I'll see you around." Craig said a walked to the cab when it arrived. He turned and waved.

Karl waved, watching as Craig disappeared around the corner, then walked back into the house, shaking his head. "That was really strange," he murmured, checking a phone number from the page tacked to the wall before starting to dial, dropping into the kitchen chair as he heard the call connect. "Hello- Viggo? It's Karl."