Naked in School: Welcome Letter 2020-2021
A Story in the Naked In School Universe
by Diamond Porter
Copyright© 2022 by Diamond Porter

Part 1

Welcome to the 2020-2021 School Year

August, 2020

This package is to welcome you to Central High School for the 2020-2021 school year. Whether you are a returning student or new to our school, we know you and your parents have many questions. We, the school administration, cannot answer all those questions, but I will try to answer the ones that I know the answers to. I honestly wish that I knew the answers to more.

The biggest question that many of you will have this year is how we are dealing with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. That is explained in the document titled “Pandemic Response” which you should find in this package. In brief, the health authorities have advised us that we should expect to begin the school year in person, but with mandatory masking. As the school year progresses, we hope to make the masks recommended rather than mandatory. Eventually we may be able to make the masks completely optional. We certainly hope that we will not need to return to online schooling this year, but we are preparing for that possibility. The Pandemic Response document explains each of these statuses in more detail. Also, see the “Online Schooling” document for details specific to that situation.

All students should also receive documents explaining what they will need to acquire for the courses they are enrolled in this year. Please note that this year, we are requiring all boys to bring jock straps and cups for Physical Education classes. This is also strongly recommended for any other students with testicles, whatever their genders.

Incoming freshmen and students transfering from elsewhere should also receive several documents regarding orientation, school policies, required supplies, and the Naked in School Program that Central participates in. Please note that the Naked in School Program pamphlet describes how the Program worked in previous years. This year, we are making some changes to the Program. Please see below.

In order to maintain physical distancing when students have their masks off, we are splitting each lunch period into two halves, so that half as many students are eating at the same time. Students are also able to eat outside or in designated classrooms. The details are in the document titled “Lunch Policies 2020-2021.” Something similar is being implemented for shower times. Please read the document titled “Physical Education 2020-2021.”

Finally, you will find a document titled “Naked in School 2020-2021” that explains how the Naked in School Program will operate this year.

I am looking forward to seeing all of you when school starts again, and I sincerely hope that you will have smiles under your masks.

Ms Karen Gorse, Principal
Central High School


Part 2

Dear students,

Please read the document titled “Pandemic Response” before reading this.

As you see from that document, we expect that at different times during this school year, we will have mandatory masking, recommended masking, and optional masking. If the pandemic flares up again in this region, it is also possible that we will spend part of the school year with only online classes. Here we will explain how the Naked in School Program will be altered for these restrictions.

First, it should be clear that a mask covering a student’s mouth and nose is considered protective equipment. A student participating in their program week may wear a mask on their face, and sometimes they will be required to do so. (When we refer to masks in this document, we specifically mean a mask worn on the face. Any mask on any other part of the body is considered ornamental concealment, and not permitted during a student’s program week.)

Please read the document titled “Lunch Policies 2020-2021” for an explanation of how we will be maintaining physical distancing during students’ lunch periods. A student participating in their program week must take their lunch in the Cafeteria during their assigned half of their lunch period, even if they usually take their lunch elsewhere. No student may make Reasonable Requests of a student during that time. Students will be available for Reasonable Requests during the other half of their lunch period, but not in the Cafeteria.

Reasonable Requests cannot ask the program student to remove their masks.

At any times when masking is mandatory, students will not be permitted to remove their masks while providing Relief. The Program Committee is aware that this eliminates some popular options for this. Teachers have been asked to be flexible in allowing students to come up with creative solutions to this problem.

Please read the document titled “Physical Education 2020-2021” for an explanation of how use of the change rooms and showers will be different this year. Students participating in their program week do not need to follow the division of the class into shower sections, and are permitted to take a shower with either section, or a double-length shower with both. Other students, even if they are assisting the program participants with their showering, must observe the restrictions in place this year.

Other than the above, Program rules will remain the same as in previous years.

It is possible that there will be some portions of the school year when the Health Department requires us to switch to online schooling. See the doccument titled “Online Schooling” for general information. While we all hope that things will not get that bad, if it does happen, the Naked in School Program will change as follows.

Each week during online schooling, students will be selected for the Program, just as would happen for in-person school. Those students will be naked while online for school. Naked students will keep their cameras on while they are online. Other students are requested to keep their cameras off. The software has an option to only show class participants who have their cameras on. If you use that, you should only see the naked students and the material the teacher is sharing with the class.

Each teacher will open their virtual classroom at least 5 minutes before the start of class, and keep it open until 5 minutes after the end of class. These ten minutes are equivalent to the time between classes, and provides time for Reasonable Requests. During those times, the teacher will not share material with the class, so it should be possible for everybody to see the naked students.

The school will also have an extra room for each grade, which will be labeled “Freshman Lounge,” and so forth. Naked students should join these rooms during their lunch periods, spares, and any other time when they don’t have another room to attend.

Students requiring relief will have to provide it for themselves. If they are not finished when the teacher begins the lesson, they must mute themselves.

The rules about washrooms, change rooms, and showers will not apply during online schooling. If a student in their program week has a portable laptop computer equipped with a camera, they are encouraged to carry it with them to their own washroom, but they are not required to do so. Do not take your computer into the shower after Phys Ed unless you are certain it is waterproof. Most computers are not. For general information about Phys Ed during online schooling, please read the document titled “Physical Education 2020-2021.”

Students who are selected for their Program weeks during online schooling are expected to be available for Reasonable Requests before and after each of their classes, and in their class lounge for a substantial part of the time when they are not in class. The school may review class attendance logs to confirm this. If students are unavailable, if they leave their cameras off, if they hide from their cameras, or if they are not taking Reasonable Requests, they will be required to repeat their week when school resumes in person.

Thank you, and see you in school!

Central High School Naked in School Program Committee

