MOM BEFORE MY GIRL FRIEND
I was 20 then, in the Chandigarh Enginnering college and
met a nice girl. She has just turned 18 and was gorgeous. I began
meeting on weekends to see her. She lived in Ludhiana, a little away from where
my Brother lived so I could stay with him for the weekend, and walk over
over and see my girl. We had done some heavy petting but nothing more.
She had told me that she was a virgin when we talked about it, and she
didn't want to rush it.

By the second weekend I was there, I was feeling her nice big tits and
nipples under her bra, but when I tried for her pussy she would stop
me. It was getting more and more difficult for her to do so though.

I had to be back to my hostel by Monday morning and had about a 2 hours
to get there, I would have to leave on Sunday night to get
back in time. We had gone out and ate and then stopped by our favorite
place . I got to suck on her nipples this time, but she
wouldn't allow it too long, I even got to feel her pussy but through
her jeans. Every time I tried to slide my hand down into the waistband
she would pull away.

So Once again, I dropped her off at her house and started to head back
with an aching hard-on and a case of KLPD big time. I knew that
soon I would have to stop off and relieve the pressure.

But once I got to the end of her street her mom was standing at the
curb. She was carrying a load of groceries and I
thought she wanted me to help her be home. I stopped n helped
 her mom to their house

Here Mom was in her early 40's and had a husband, was a lot
older. She was knocked up by him and had recently had the baby before
her daughter and I met. She was a little overweight and graying hair,
but nice looking with a huge set of milk filled tits.

She asked me if I had a few minutes to talk before I headed back. I
told her I did and she directed me to go down one of the near by
dirt roads. She made small talk until we got , n walked which lead into
a secluded area and then came to a circled turn around where some cars had turned.

As soon as I got near her house, she dropped the big question on me.
"Have you and Preeti been having sex?"

I was kind of stunned and just looked at her without answering.

"You can be honest with me, I won't be mad if the answer is yes, its
just that she is still so young, and I hope you'll understand my
concern." n We entered her house.

I told her that I didn't and that we had kissed some but had not gone
all the way. She seemed relieved at that and turned slightly towards me
and put her hand on my thigh.
 
"I realize it must be very tough on you to hold off." With that her
hand slid over into my lap and cupped my still semi erect cock. The
warmth of her hand started getting me hard again.

"If you'll just hold off, I promise to help you." By then she was
slowly stroking my full hardness, which was running along my thigh.

"I can tell that you need some relief." She accentuated the word
"Relief" With a firm squeeze of my shaft, which caused my pre cum to
release into my pants. As I sat there I watched as she took both hands
and unzipped my fly and reached in and with difficulty managed to free
my hard cock. I wasn't gifted with a Horse cock, but had a respectable
cock. She moaned as she slid her hand up and down it.


As I slid the  back on the sofa,she moaned, "Mmmmmm, you have such a nice one."
With that her head lowered into my lap and I felt her hand slide my
foreskin down as she enclosed my cock in her mouth.

I was in heaven God it felt so great! I had never got my cock sucked before, I knew I would cum soon if she kept that up. My hand went to the back of her head as she bobbed it up and down on my cock. Her one hand was masturbating my shaft as she
sucked and she snaked the other into my zipper and played with my cum
filled balls. I could feel my balls tighten and knew I was going to
explode. So I warned her that I was about to go off. She stopped and
raised her head and looked me in the eyes with a lust filled look. "I
love to swallow, let it go in my mouth" With that she dove back down
and began sucking even faster as her head picked up speed.

My head went back and my eyes rolled into the back of my head as I felt
the first spurt launch into her hot sucking mouth. "UMmmmm
was all I heard as I felt her back off until just the
head was in her mouth and her tongue went crazy around the head as she
began to jerk the shaft more and more. As each spurt came out she would
Moan "UMmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmm," and there were a least 5 more good strong
ones. She nursed it until there was no more cum left.

My cock stayed hard as a rock and even seemed to get harder as she
continued to suckle. Just when it began to feel like I would unload
another load into her mouth she stopped and sat up. "Was that good for
you?" God was it????? She laughed as I told her how good it had felt.
"Well you can feel that many more times, if you'll promise to leave
Preeti a virgin for now." I promise her I would. She seemed pleased
with my answer.

"Have you ever tasted a woman's milk?" I confessed that I hadn't. "I'm
late for my breast feeding and my breasts are aching because they are
so full, would you help me?" She didn't wait for an answer as she
unbuttoned the top of her blouse, revealing a nursing bra. I gasped as
she pulled the pads away from the nipples. They Were HUGE! At least as
thick as my thumb and almost an inch long. Her Daughter took after her
some also; she had nice long nipples also.
 
My hard cock lurched as I watched her reach
under her saree and pull down her panties below her thighs.. Then she turned to me and
held out her arms. "Come here and suck my aching nipples" I moved over
and took one of the huge nipples into my mouth. As soon as I did I felt
a warm sweet squirt go into my mouth.

As I continued to suck and drink her milk she moaned and reached under
her saree and fingered herself. When she moved my head to her other
nipple I caught a whiff of her sexy scent coming from under her panties.
My cock began to hurt again as I thought I was going to get to fuck her.

Once I had suckled the other nipple for a while she pulled my head off
and once again gave me that lust filled look as she said. "Did you like
what I did to you with my mouth?" I told I sure did. "Would you do that
for me would you suck me?"

I told her yes but I didn't have much experience with it. She laughed
as she dropped her saree, petticoat n panty thereafter, exposing her hairy pussy to me.

"Don't worry I'll guide you." She directed my head down.

When I got close enough I stuck out my tongue and penetrated her pussy
hair. God !! she smelled so fresh and sweet, it was intoxicating to me. I
began to lick all over her slit like a wild man. She began to moan and
thrust her hips. "God you don't need much coaching, mmmmm sooooooooo
gooooood."

Then she reached down and spread her lips and put her finger on her
clit and said, "Suck my little nub, right here" It was at that moment
that I learned that this was a woman's real sensitive part. As I sucked
her clit into my mouth her hips thrust forward and her breathing began
to be heavy gasps as she moaned and screamed out her release. I sucked
her clit gently as she came down. Finally she pushed me away, saying
that it was too sensitive.

By now my cock was like a steel bar! I got up on one knee on the floor
and slid my hips forward into her pussy hair. But before I could enter
she stopped me! "NO Don't NO Intercourse!" As she put her hands on my
chest and pushed me back. "You save that for Preeti someday" As I was
facing her on my knees on the sofa, she moved forward and took me
into her mouth again.

This time I felt her slide my foreskin completely down, then she laid
her tongue on the head and pulled the foreskin over her tongue. Then she
began to swirl her tongue around between the foreskin and the head of
my cock! I had never felt anything like it and I moaned as I felt
myself empty myself once more into her talented mouth. I know it
doesn't seem possible but it felt like I shot even more into her mouth
than the first time.

She needed to get back to the baby so we left the drawing room. All
the way back she was slowly stroking my cock which had finally gone
soft after her second blowjob.

It was my lucky day that following Friday, Preeti was in her tutors class, would not get
out until after I got there. So I was to pick her up when she got off.
When I got to her house, her mom was sitting on the couch nursing the
baby. But instead of just having one breast exposed, she was topless
and wearing a lungi sort of dress,. We talked while she
fed the baby. It didn't take long for me to get hard seeing her tits
like that.

"Does seeing me nurse excite you?" I nodded yes. "Stand up let me see."
I stood and walked over to her and stood in front of her with my cock
tenting my pants. She moaned and said, "Take it out! I've been wanting
to see it in the day light all week."

I unzipped and took out my cock in front of her. Being exposed to this
sexy woman made me even harder.

"Jerk it for me, let me see you stroke it."

I wrapped my hand around it and began slowly sliding my foreskin back
and forth. She watched for a minute then said, "I'll milk you while the
baby finishes." She leaned forward and with me holding my cock for her,
she began to suck me off. She stopped several times and took her other
breast and squeezed warm milk onto the head and then took it back in
her mouth. I knew I was about to unload a weeks worth of hot cum in her
sweet mouth.

Suddenly she stopped and got up and took the baby to the bedroom,
saying she'd be right back. When she came back in she said, "Take your
clothes off I want to see it all." I quickly stripped and stood there
in the middle of the living room naked in front of her. She was still
topless and her heavy breasts were both leaking milk, as she looked me
up and down. Then she walked over to me and reached down and cupped my
balls in her hand. "Have you jerked off since I sucked you last week?"

I replied no and she gently squeezed my balls and said, "Mmmm. Feels
like a nice load you have in those cute balls, lay down on the couch."

I laid down on the couch and she straddled my chest backwards and
lifted her lungi sort. She wasn't wearing any panties. She lowered her pussy
to my face as I felt her mouth engulf my cock. I began sucking and
licking her sweet pussy like a starved man. I felt her moan around my
cock. Then her thighs trapped my head and she pulled off of my cock
gasping for breath as she came. Her juices slightly squirted out onto
my tongue as I tried to keep licking her clit as she came.

Her moaning and thrashing stopped and her thighs eased up around my
head. Then I felt her hot mouth on my cock and in just a few sucks she
was gulping a huge load of my cream. She continued to suck long after I
finished shooting, keeping me harder than before. I thought she was
going for another load when she suddenly spun around and grabbed my
cock as she squatted over it.

She had a lustful look in her eyes as she lowered herself down on me.
"Okay here is the new deal, before you put this into my daughter I'll
get her on the pill," Then she moaned and sunk down completely and
began pumping like crazy. "Right now I have to have it! Oohhhhhh I'm
almost there!"

Then she began to climax. Her pussy went in huge spasms around my cock,
causing me to arch up into her and release another load. It was without
a doubt one of the best fucks I've ever had.

After she came down from her orgasm, she kissed me and then raised off
of my cock and slid down and sucked me clean.

It was only about another week and I was fucking her daughter also. But
every now and then, I'd still get a nice blowjob or a fuck off of mom
also. It was like heaven!