Spring Break Tami
Part 1

 Tami walked back to her dorm a dirty mess after spending several hours on her 
 “treadmill,” a contraption that consisted of two huge wheels that she needs to 
 exert tremendous energy just to get moving and even more energy to keep 
 moving. She had to admit that it worked up quite a sweat as she worked, 
 helping keep her body in great shape. 

 Her problem was the sweat that accumulated on her body. With no clothes on, 
 Tami the Unintentional Nudist was susceptible to every piece of dirt or dust 
 blowing around that shack where she labored.

 Tami, a freshman at Campbell-Frank College, was naked and had been since an 
 early September streaking prank that went very, very wrong. She had been 
 coerced into streaking with some other girls by her RA Wanda. Little did she 
 know that Wanda, a sadist, had plans to steal her clothes. Tami had been 
 caught nude on campus and had lied to get out of being expelled from the 
 conservative college. 

 So she told security and then the dean that she was a religious nudist. They 
 accepted her lie but now she was forced to be naked all the time. Any covering 
 had long been removed, even sheets, pillows and towels had been taken away. 
 The dean did not totally believe her claim and had assigned several spies to 
 keep an eye on her to ensure that she never covered up or show any modesty. 
 And poor Tami had a bottomless pit of modesty. Even still, six months after 
 her first exposure, every moment naked was shaming to her soul. She just could 
 not get used to eyes on her nude body. Lately, it seemed as if the deans and 
 the spies had upped her humiliations, putting her in terribly shameful 
 situations and hoping she would crack. Thus far, she had not.

 But she had come close many times. There was the orgasm display on the day of 
 the last snowfall…she had cum five times in a room full of women, including 
 Wanda and some of her worst tormentors. Then there were the many orgasms she 
 suffered at Chalfont Institute, cumming time and time again. She had lost 
 count of the amount of times she had been ready to crack…to steal some of her 
 roommate’s clothes and run over to the discount mall and fill her cart with 
 clothes. But that would mean ruin for her, no career, no future. Just 
 waitressing or working in her dad’s hardware store. So she tried to get 
 through it and pray that clothes would be in her future.

 Today was the last day of classes before spring break. As Tami walked, she 
 tried to hold down her longing. She looked at the girls heading off for break. 
 She saw their denim skirts, their shorts and their jeans. She envied their 
 blouses and t-shirts. And those cute flip flops and sandals and sneakers 
 looked so wonderful. All she had were her bare breasts (with perpetually 
 achingly hard nipples), her bare vagina (with its prominent clit) and her 
 poor, battered bare feet. She felt even more naked on days like this, when the 
 other girls seemed so happy and carefree, wearing clothes to reflect their 
 personality or show just what they wanted to show. But she could only be naked 
 and on display. Her happy and carefree days seemed way behind her, back to 
 when she could wear clothes.

 Most of the other kids were heading to spring break destinations throughout 
 the world, Cancun, Florida, Mexico, to spend time in the sun and work on their 
 tan. Of course Tami had no need to work on a tan…she had an all-over tan that 
 any girl would be envious of, but it came at quite a price. Tami would have 
 loved to join Jen in the Bahamas or Marisol in Florida but they were no place 
 for a naked girl. She was heading home to spend a quiet week with her family 
 and try to stay away from prying eyes.

 Her parents, especially her father, had been very angry at her nudist lie and 
 decided to force her to be nude at home too. At least there though she was 
 allowed a full towel and a blanket on her bed. In a life of nudity, that 
 passed for cover for her.

 She crossed her arms over her breasts and lowered her head, trying to get 
 through the crowd unobserved. Of course everything Tami Smithers did was 
 noticed but in this pose she could give herself the illusion that she was just 
 another girl walking through the quad to her dorm. Thankfully the other 
 students were too excited about their trips to worry about her. For once, she 
 could walk mostly undetected through them.

 She had about an hour before the dorm closed for break and her mom was due 
 right at 7. That gave her just enough time to shower and gather the books she 
 needed to do work over break. Despite her many trials this year, she had kept 
 up a perfect 4.0 GPA and worked hard. In some ways, throwing herself into 
 schoolwork helped take her mind off of her nudity and the humiliations being 
 heaped on her day in and day out.

 Tami pushed into her hall, having to step aside for a girl with three duffel 
 bags full of clothes, and headed to her room. She found it empty and was a bit 
 sad. Jen, one of her roommates, had become her lover, licking her to orgasm 
 after orgasm. Despite the embarrassment of constant nudity, these orgasms and 
 the ones given to her by her boyfriend Rod were heavenly. They got her through 
 the days and weeks and months of embarrassment and shame.

 She could use the release that only Jen could provide. She had already said 
 goodbye to Rod. He was heading on a trip to build houses for habitat for 
 humanity and had left this morning. They had moved their normal Sunday ...ing 
 day to Thursday night and she had ridden her man to five or six orgasms. Rod 
 was so thoughtful, he waited until she came over and over before finally 
 letting loose inside of her. Later, she nursed him to a second orgasm inside 
 of her and a third in her mouth. Finally he collapsed, exhausted and the two 
 lovers feel asleep entwined in each other’s arms. 

 Even with all of those orgasms, she still felt a longing in her sex. Her 
 nudity has raised her libido to record form…she now needed 25-30 orgasms a 
 week to keep from being completely horny and distracted all the time. She 
 would have welcomed Jen’s gentle but firm tongue working her to one crazy 
 orgasm after another. Sighing with longing, the nude girl grabbed one of the 
 wash cloths she was still allowed and her shower bucket and headed into the 
 shower.

 The shower was her refuge. It was one of the few places where she could hide 
 from prying eyes. Behind that curtain, she had spent many hours, sometimes 
 curled into the fetal position, hiding her nudity even though there was no one 
 there to see her. She could cover up in ways she never could outside. During 
 the coldest days, she could bask in the warmth of the shower, thankful for the 
 never ending supply of hot water that the dorm provided. Plus, in the shower, 
 her nudity was normal. Everyone was naked in the shower…it was a great 
 equalizer.

 Today though, a shower was simply to get clean. She rinsed off the worst of 
 the dust and grabbed her shampoo to wash her hair she was rinsing the soap out 
 of her hair when she heard the shower curtain slide open.

 Turning, the soap still blurring her vision, she saw Jen standing there, 
 leering at her. Her heart leapt at the sight of her roommate standing there 
 nude.

 “I couldn’t let you leave without saying goodbye,” the girl said, stepping 
 into the shower and pulling the curtain closed. 

 “Oh Jen,” Tami said, reaching out. As she grabbed her lover, instead of bare 
 skin, she felt material. As the soap cleared from her eyes, Tami realized that 
 Jen was wearing a one-piece bathing suit the color of mocha that completely 
 blended with her skin. It was like a punch in the stomach for the nude 
 girl…even now, she was the only one naked, the only one not allowed covering 
 even here in the shower where everyone was supposed to be naked. Tears 
 streamed out of her eyes and down her cheeks but they blended with the shower 
 water so that Jen did not notice.

 “I love you too sweetheart,” Jen said, pulling her in and pushing her lips 
 towards the nude girl’s. Despite herself, Tami kissed back, needing the 
 companionship. In so many ways, her life was lonely. She was the only one 
 naked. She was the only one who knew that she hated being naked. She was the 
 only one who knew how bad it was to be her. Tonight, she felt all alone, the 
 only girl resigned to going home because, honestly, where else could a naked 
 girl go?

 The two embraced, the kiss going on for several minutes before Jen pushed Tami 
 against the tile wall and dropped into a crouch. With one hand, Jen looped 
 Tami’s right leg to rest on her shoulder, giving her free access to her 
 favorite place, Tami’s sex. There was little foreplay now; using her fingers 
 Jen spread Tami’s lips and slid her tongue in, flicking the clit as she went.

 “OHHHH!” Tami’s eye sprang open in pleasure as the jolts hit her nerve. “OH 
 GOD JEN!” She rotated her hips so that her sex pushed against Jen’s wet mouth. 
 “OHHH!”

 By now, Jen was so experienced in bringing Tami off and Tami was in such need 
 right now that an orgasm was not far. 

 “AH, AH, AH, AHHHHH.” Tami was grinding her pelvis on Jen’s chin, mouth and 
 nose. “NNNNNNGGGGGG. GGGOOODDDD!”

 Tami realized that she was in a semi-public place and tried to keep her 
 moaning at a low volume but it just felt so good. Jen, sensing that a classic 
 Tami orgasm was not long off, began her final assault, pushing her tongue up 
 as far as she could and flicking upwards, grazing the nude girl’s clit slightly.

 “AHHH!!!!!” Tami’s body tensed and flew away from the wall, nearly pushing Jen 
 onto the floor. “AAAH! GGGGGGGG!!!!” The girl’s moans bounced off the tile 
 walls and seemed to surround the two lovers. Tami’s orgasm seemed to reach its 
 peak and Jen lovingly nursed her through it, timing her licks to happen just 
 before each spasm. Finally, the naked girl’s cum subsided and her whole body 
 slumped against the wall. Gently Jen eased out from under Tami’s leg and slid 
 her body up against the nude one.

 “I love you Tami…enjoy some time off,” she whispered, kissing Tami on the lips 
 deeply. Tami tasted herself on Jen’s lips and sucked it in, so spent and 
 feeling a bit dirty but satisfied.

 “You too Jen…and thanks,” she said softly.

 Jen bent down and kissed each erect nipple and quickly exited the stall, 
 leaving Tami in a post-orgasmic haze, the water from the shower spraying her 
 bare body. Shaking, she got to her feet and soaped up her body, shaved her 
 legs, pits and pubes and shut the water off. She knew that she had to hurry to 
 meet her mom.







 