It was a Wet and Blustery Day
byjacksasslove©

The day was wet and blustery. She had worn her heavy overcoat that extended to her ankles, with her winter boots, thick socks, nice jeans and a pullover sweater. They were going shopping and then some sort of surprise. Her lover would not tell her what he had in mind. They bought a few items at a department store and then proceeded to Starbuck's. This was a treat they shared whenever they went out. As they walked to Starbucks he told her what he wished her to do.

She was to take the package with her in to the restroom and then to remove her clothing save for her socks and boots and to place them in the bag. Buttoning up her coat she was then to meet him in the store and they would continue to the car with their drinks and he would tell her what was next when they were away from prying ears. 

She was excited and a touch nervous but could not wait to accommodate his wishes. He held the door for her and asked what she would like to drink.

"The usual" was her reply as she hurried to the restroom.

She entered the restroom, locking the door behind her. She looked into the mirror as she removed her coat. She was a tad flush with excitement. She had never done this before. She smiled to herself and wondered what else was in store for her on this day. She removed her shirt and observed her breasts through her bra, the nipples already hardened and poking through the material. She unclasped her bra and added it to the growing pile of clothing on the sink. She sat on the toilet and removed her boots, followed by her pants and underwear. She put her boots on then flushed the toilet to carry on the hoax. She then took the remaining clothes over to the sink. She folded them and placed them in the bag from the department store. She now knew why he had insisted on the bigger bag. She admired her courage as she look at her naked body in the mirror of a public coffee house. She thought to herself "Wow, I sure have become adventurous in my old age!" She quickly threw on the coat and buttoned it to the top. She was satisfied to see that no one could tell she was naked under it. Washing and drying her hands she threw the paper towel into the trash and unlocked the door and rejoined her lover.

He was waiting with their drinks by the door and smiled as she walked up to him. This made her self- conscious and she wondered if she was flashing any skin to the other patrons. She glanced around but no one seemed to know her secret.

"Here you go." He said as he handed her the drink and took the bag from her hand.

"Are you ready for the rest of the adventure?" He said with a sly smile.

"Sure am!" She stated with a slight sense of foreboding owing to the smile on his face.

"You will enjoy it, I promise." 

She always did enjoy the time they spent together as there were many more talks on the phone rather than in person. They had a special way of driving each other crazy whether live or on the phone. There was an ever increasing "To do list" of things they would do together and to each other. They would describe how they would touch or make love in various places and locations. Phone sex was not a new thing to the two of them. She was amazed at her lover's ability to excite her to climax by just words. There are also the times that they both masturbate to climax, with him describing what his hands were doing and hers doing it. He would touch himself and listen to her pleasing herself until they both would climax. 

As she walked to the car she tried to think of one of these that included being naked under her coat. She was unable to do so. This would be a surprise to her. 

He opened the door for her and then climbed in next to her. He started the car and pulled from the parking place. 

"We are going to drive through town and finish our drinks, then...."

"Then what? " She replied.

"Then I am going verbal describe what I am doing to you and see if you can keep from responding!"

"While in public. Sort of anyways?"

"Yes while in public...sort of anyways."

"You'll crash the car looking at me!"

"No... I hope to be hearing you, while continuing to look at the other drives as I should. I will be looking to see if they notice anything different in this car!"

Now she could place the fantasy. He had always wanted to make love to her when others could hear them. This would be the next best thing she thought. 

"Well I won't respond!"

"Suuure you won't. Want to bet." he said as he laughed.

Thinking about it she knew he was right. This worried her a bit. "What if someone guessed? What if....so what!" she thought "we don't know anyone here anyway."

They continued out of the parking lot. He had not started in yet and she was anxious. He just drove and sipped his drink, her drink somewhat forgotten while waiting for the challenge to begin.

She noticed that she was getting excited as she waited. "This is not good." She thought. 

She tried to drink her coffee but the excitement was too much. She also was feeling quite warm. Her coat was meant for cold weather and being buttoned up in the car she was starting to get warm. She thought that he had probably turned up the heat but in checking it was at the normal setting. 

They hit the main Highway, where there were lots of cars passing them and driving along side of them, when he began. This part of the Highway was two lanes in both directions. If she could hold out the Highway would go down to one lane in either direction for many miles and she would have no one next to her.

They drove out of the parking lot. She wondered when he would start. He was driving through traffic and drinking his coffee. She was anxious for him to describe what he was going to do, but he just drove. Her mind was working overtime. She was imagining what he had in store for her. She was getting excited and could feel she was getting wet. She had her eyes closed and was starting to have trouble sitting still. She was wondering if this was part of his plan. She now realized that she was in trouble. She would not be able fulfill her boast of "Well, I won't respond!".

Just as he planned. He could see her squirming with eyes closed. Now was the time to start.

The road was a country highway with some part 2 lanes in both directions, and some part single lanes. 

"I am hugging you; you can feel me hard against your abdomen. My hands are roaming over your back, now pulling your shirt up, my hands against your bare skin."

A moan escaped her lips.

"I am now unhooking your bra. Hands roaming over your back and sides, brushing against the sides of your breasts, now in back again."

The car was becoming stifling hot to her. She unbuttoned the top of her coat, and then the bottom, leaving the middle button to cover her nakedness. She reached up and turned on the AC.

He had her now.

"I am now removing your top and bra. I pull my shirt up and lean into you, warm naked skin against warm naked skin. You can feel me pressing against you. Hard and ready for you. You start pressing your now wet pussy against me. We are moving against each other while I am touching you all over. Back, sides, now lightly brushing my hands over your breasts and harden nipples."

The moaning is now constant. She is starting to lose it. She can actually feel his hands on her. Sweet caresses on her very responsive breasts. Her hands are restless and she wants to touch herself. She thinks "I must not give in."

"I am now reaching under the waist band of your pants, running my fingers just under your panties, touching the top of your bottom, now on your hips, back and forth, back and forth. I now put my hand deep under your clothes. I grab your buns with both hands and pull you close. We are both humping our genitals together. You are moaning loudly and are nearing climax. We continue this until you reach the first of many climaxes."

Her hands are now active. Reaching under her coat she is touching her breasts. She lowers the seat back and continues touching her breasts. 

"I pull my hands out of your pants, reaching around to the front and unbutton your pants and pull your zipper down. I am pulling your pants and panties down to below your hips. I touch your abdomen just above your pubic hair, my fingers just brushing your soft hairs. Now on the sides of your mound, thighs and hair, being careful not to touch your opening."

All caution is now gone. She unbuttons the rest of her coat, being careful to keep herself somewhat covered. Her hands are now following his narrative. She reaches down and runs her hands over her mound. 

"I am now pressing my hand hard on your mound, reaching my fingers to the bottom of your opening, still not entering you."

She follows suit. She thinks "oh god, oh god. I want him inside me NOW."

There is a truck next to them at this point. The young man glances over and does and double take. He smiles and waves a thumbs up to me and continues passing, shaking his head as he goes by. She notices nothing of this. She is lost in the moment.

This part of his fantasy complete he makes a U-turn and goes back down the hill.

"I am now running my fingers up your opening, feeling the heat and moisture. I am just brushing my fingers lightly against your clit, then down again." Never too deep, never lingering over your clit. Back and forth. You are again nearing climax."

She is still following his lead. She is touching herself in the same way that he is describing. Her coat is now open, exposing her nakedness to any that would look their way. But there is no one to see.

They started to drive down a road that they had never traveled before. It is road that leads to a bridge over the river. This roads leads to large ranches and home so the traffic is almost non-existent. In fact there are no other cars on the road. The remoteness and the poor weather keep traffic down to nothing. 

He smiles to himself and continues.

"Suddenly I thrust my fingers deep inside you, pressing the heel of my hand on your clit. Hard and deep, moving my fingers in and out. You are sooo wet! There is a squishy sound as I continue my exploring of your sex. You are bucking hard against me. You climax with a loud "Yessss, yesssssss."

He can hear her imitated his words exactly. She cums with a loud "Yesssss, yessss. O god I want you inside me now."

The road is curvy so for now his commentary ends. She is still laying back and glancing over, he notices still exposed. He concentrates on driving, letting her recover. They wind down the road deeper into to nowhere. 

She catches her breath. Even though she has climaxed she still wants more. She sits up and reaches over and rubs his bulging penis through his jeans.

"Wait a bit we are almost there."

She keeps her hand on him anyway. The bridge is coming up and there is a turn out next to it. He pulls the car over and barely gets the car in park when she is on him, hungrily pulling at his belt and zipper. The steering wheel is in the way and frustrates her efforts.

"Get out of the car" she demands.

As he pulls his seatbelt off he watches as she removes hers and opens the door. They both exit the car. It is misting and cool but with no wind. After exiting the car and he starts to walk to the front of the vehicle. She is out and moving fast to the front of the car. Her coat is open and he can see her breasts and the fine pubic hair. Man does he love looking at her. They reach the front of the car and embrace. She is franticly pulling on his belt and after getting this undone reaches for his zipper. 

Accomplish this she pulls his pants down releasing his hard penis. She cups him in her hand and kisses him deeply.

"I want you, NOW." She states.

She takes her coat off and throws it over the hood. She leans against the bumper and pull him to her. She pushes herself onto the hood, her nipples hard due to excitement and cold. She spreads her legs and he can see that she is more than ready for him. He loves looking at her and seeing her naked and waiting for him in somewhat public place is too much. He grabs his penis and places it at her opening. She is helping to guide him in. They place his head inside her and she lets go. He places his hands on her hips and trusts deeply into her.

"Yesssss, oh yessss, nowwwww" she yells.

He thrust into her and they are now both moving in rhythm with each other. He reaches over with one hand and rubs her clit as he continues to pump in and out of her. She is bucking and moaning with each thrust. The mist is glistening on her body but she doesn't notice. She is looking at him with love in her eyes. That look is what it is all about. They continue making love, lost to anything around them. He can see his penis sliding in and out of her, covered with her love juices. They are both nearing climax.

"Now, ohhhh, now! She screams. 

The pace increases and soon they are both climaxing, He is empting himself deep inside of her. He stays inside of her until he softens and falls out of her. She is breathing deep and trying to recover. The product of their lovemaking is dripping from her and over her coat. He steps back and helps her to her feet. She immediately reaches for him and places him in her mouth, licking and sucking him to clean him off. This complete she stands and hugs him. Pulling up his pants he reaches for her coat and walks her to her side of the car. Opening the door he motions her to sit on the seat. He leans in and kisses her. He can taste their juices on her. He kneels down and with his tongue he replicates her cleaning of him. This starts her breathing heavy again and she starts to moan again. He continues licking and sucking her, pressing heavily on her clit and running his tongue deep inside of her. 

"Oh god, Oh god harder" she cries.

He continues his assault on her pussy and she again climaxes. She hungrily pulls him up and kisses him deeply. She can also taste their lovemaking on him.

They separate and he stands by the door.

"I told you that you would enjoy this!"

"I can't believe I did this! Masturbating while someone watched, making love on the hood of the car in public, NAKED in public! "she cried. 

"Yep and you loved it"

"Come here! She stated and began kissing him again.

The excitement was over and the cold began to get to her. She removed her shoes and got her cloths out of her bag and got dressed. They began the drive out of the canyon as she sat in the middle seat and placed her head on his shoulder. The end to a wonderful day!
