"What the hell are you doing here?" Logan faces Trina, stepping in front of Weevil.

"Well, let's see. I was watching my father on trial for a crime he didn't commit, when who should I see but my baby brother, ready to whine and cry for the cameras about how Daddy never loved him." Trina circles the side of the couch to stand in front of Logan. "And then, after he's dried his crocodile tears, I see him kissing what appears to be the pool boy. I can't say I'm surprised at the gay thing, Logan, but really, you couldn't find a gay white boy in all of Neptune?"

Logan moves closer to Trina, his eyes narrow. "We had a deal, sis. Leave."

Trina pulls a piece of paper from her purse. "Funny thing is, Logan, I'm your guardian. I'll leave when I want to."

"Don't tell me you spent 10,000 dollars already."

"My finances are none of your business, Logan." She looks at the document in her hand. "Let's be serious. Who has the power in this situation? The sexually confused seventeen-year-old, or the one who can call social services at any point and have you taken to a group home?" She begins to speak in a plaintive, mournful voice. "Oh, Mrs. Simmons, I just don't think I can handle taking care of Logan any more. He's begun acting out, and he won't listen to me." She lets out a pained sigh. "As much as it hurts to say this, I think he'd be better off in another environment." She smirks. "One with more boundaries."

Logan grabs Trina's arm. "I'm serious. Get out of here, now."

"Careful, bro, your 'history of violence' is showing." Trina shoves him away. She looks at Weevil with disdain. "I think it's time for you to leave."

"Yeah, I think you're right." Weevil puts his hand on Logan's shoulder. "Come on, man, let's get out of here."

"I don't think so, Logan. You're not going anywhere."

"What do you want? More money?" Logan reaches for his wallet.

"I don't want more money. I want all the money, your car, the house, and anything else that belonged to Dad. He doesn't deserve a conniving little brat like you."

"Fine, take the house. Take whatever you want, but we're leaving." Logan moves toward the door.

"Then I'll have to call Social Services and tell them you ran away." She turns to Weevil. "Or maybe I'll tell them that you kidnapped him. Either way, it won't be hard for them to find you."

Logan laughs. "How hard do you really think they'll look? I'll be eighteen in two weeks, Trina. No one will care."

"You're going to pay for what you did to Dad, Logan." Trina hisses. "One way or another, you're going to lose everything."

"I'm shaking in my boots, really." Logan jerks his head toward the door, and Weevil follows him outside. They walk to Weevil's bike, and he hands Logan a helmet before climbing on. Logan gets on behind him, and Weevil pulls away from the house.

They ride past Veronica's apartment building, but her car isn't there, so Weevil turns and heads to the Mars Investigations office. Veronica is sitting at her desk when they walk inside, and she looks up in surprise.

"Can I help you guys?" She smiles slightly.

"When Duncan ran away, how did he do it?" Logan hops up onto the edge of the desk.

"Lots of cash and a fake passport." Veronica looks at them suspiciously. "Why?"

"Turns out we need to disappear for two weeks or so." Weevil leans on the wall beside her desk. "Any other tips?"

"Well, that depends. Who are you running from?"

"Trina wasn't too impressed with my courtroom appearance. She showed up and demanded the house, and she's making some threats." Logan smiles sarcastically. "There really is nothing like family, is there?"

Keith Mars enters the office. Seeing Weevil and Logan, he gives them a strained smile.

"Veronica, could I see you in my office for a moment, please?" Veronica walks inside and he closes the door. "Veronica, I don't want you spending time with those boys. We've had this conversation. Apart, they're bad enough, but together, they're trouble. Okay?"

Outside the office, Weevil and Logan can hear Veronica's exasperated voice, but the door is thick enough that they can't make out any words. The door bursts open, and Veronica looks back inside the office.

"I'll see you at home." Her voice is cold. Logan, Weevil and Veronica walk down to her car.

"Go to your uncle's garage and ditch the bike. Get a car that won't be traced, nothing flashy."

"Okay, and then what?" Weevil looks pained at the thought of leaving his bike.

"Then, come to my house and pick me up." She opens her car door. "I'm coming with you."