Holiday Preparation
by DaniHarris21

Holiday Preparation Pt. 03

Dani needs some beauty treatment before his holiday.

"You know you are so embarrassing at times, Dani," my wife began the conversation, as she usually did. I was a little worried though by her choice of words. Now what had she found out? How had I embarrassed her I wondered? Surely I was the one getting embarrassed the most lately.

"Still I suppose I've only myself to blame," she continued, "I guess you men just have no idea about these things." I had no idea what she was rattling on about.

"Luckily Ginny has offered to help me out." Now what did Ginny have to do with this? I was getting worried now. What had she been saying to my wife behind my back.

"Oh, er, what did she say to you dear?" I asked her cautiously.

"Oh it's nothing really, the girls just commented that they thought you were a little too hairy for your new swimsuit and underwear. I suppose I never thought about it before, and probably should have done, before taking you along to see Laura."

"Um, too hairy?" Well, at least they hadn't spilled the beans to my wife about how they seemed to enjoy stripping and playing with me, I thought.

"Yes, you know it's very fashionable to shave these days, I blame myself, I shouldn't expect you to keep up with fashion on your own, should I? Anyway, no harm done, apparently Ginny's sister is the manager at Appleby Wallop. You know the exclusive health spa. Well, she's asked a favour of her sister and booked you in for an appointment. I don't know whether to be pleased or jealous."

So that was how I found myself on my way to Appleby Wallop, a very exclusive health spa, catering to a select female audience. Not that I knew this at the time. I was in awe though as I entered along the gravelled driveway and parked near the main reception. Wide stone steps led up to the brick porch and I entered nervously.

"Oh you must be Dani," a young voice called out as I walked through the main doors. I turned towards her voice and watched as she stood up and walked around her desk towards me, her hand outstretched in greeting. She wore a short white tunic that fell onto her thighs. Apart from a pair of flat white shoes that was her outfit, which showed off her slender tanned legs and arms.

"Yes I am."

"I'm Jade, Julia said you would be coming in today." Julia it seemed was Ginny's sister and the manager of the spa.

"I'm glad I was expected. It's a little intimidating," I admitted.

"Oh, don't worry, we'll look after you. Although I must apologise for the lack of facilities."

"Sorry?"

"Well we have an exclusively female clientele, so I'm afraid we don't have a male changing room available for you. I'm sorry."

"It's ok, maybe I shouldn't be here. It's a mistake I think."

"Oh not at all. Julia was quite clear you are to be treated as a special guest. Come along I'll introduce you to her."

She led me towards her desk and to where a doorway stood to the right of it, a lady sat at her desk and rose as we entered.

"Julia, this is Dani here for his appointment," Jade introduced us. Julia was a little older than her sister Ginny although the family resemblance was clear. She shook my hand in greeting, the white tunic it appeared was a spa uniform, as hers was identical to Jade's.

"Welcome, Dani. Please come in a moment. Jade can you find a robe for Dani please?"

With new instructions Jade left the room and Julia proffered a seat at a small glass table. The room itself was clearly Julia's office although spartan in terms of furniture. Julia's desk dominated the room with the glass table and two chairs being the only other features. We sat at the table as she continued to talk.

"Now I must apologise for the lack of facilities here for you, Dani." Julia began. "As you probably know we are a ladies only spa, but I was more than happy to make an exception for you when Ginny told me all about you." I flinched wondering how much exactly Ginny had told her older sister.

"So, I thought you could use this office to change in. As you can see it's quite private." She waved her arm around the room, and I noticed for the first time the lack of windows. There really was only the entrance door to break the walls.

"Of course, you can leave your belongings here whilst you have your treatment, they will be completely safe." She indicated the table as she spoke, then she stood up moving towards the doorway.

"Jade will bring you a robe to wear and will be on hand should you need anything else."

I realised that you could see the back of Jade's chair through the open doorway. I watched as Julia left the room, noticing that she didn't close the door behind her, but then realising that the door was completely made of glass so it probably didn't make much difference. Only a few moments passed before Jade reappeared carrying a white robe. I had been expecting a thick, fluffy bathrobe style, but instead the robe that Jade handed me was made of thin white cotton. She also handed me some flip-flop sandals.

"Sorry I had to guess your size," she smiled as she handed me the shoes, "I hope they fit. If you could take your clothes off and pop the robe on, I'll come back when you're ready."

She placed the robe and sandals on the glass table and walked back to her desk just outside the office door. I watched as she sat down then gave me a little wave as she turned her attention to her computer screen. That apparently was all the privacy I was going to get. Instinctively I turned my back on the door and hesitated a moment before starting to remove my clothes. As soon as my shirt was off and folded up I pulled the robe on, damn it was short. I slowly removed my jeans and tied the front of the robe shut, only then realising just how short it was, the back just about covered my butt, my new, long-legged boxers peeked out the bottom. Well at least they covered me I thought.

"Ready, Dani?" Jade's voice broke my thoughts as she walked back into the room.

"Um, I guess."

"Haha," she smiled, "you will need to take those off too." She pointed at my boxers.

"Really, Jade? Are you sure that's necessary?" I was getting embarrassed now.

"Of course, Dani. You can't have a treatment with those on. Debs will complain if I let you go like that. Come on take them off."

I turned my back on her again and carefully peeled my underwear off from under the robe. Now I felt completely naked, the cotton robe felt so thin as to not be there and so short that I was sure my bits were dangling into view. Jade took the boxers from me and folded them onto my pile of clothing on the table. She seemed unfazed by the experience, I folded my hands across my groin, trying to pull the robe down further. Once finished Jade took my right hand and led me to the door.

"Let's go then."

In seconds we were out in the middle of reception and heading for another door. I was nervous, hoping we wouldn't meet anyone else. I was sure the robe wasn't covering me up as Jade strode down a corridor almost pulling me along with her. Finally, she stopped by a door that said, 'Treatment Room 1′. She knocked and a voice beckoned us inside where two women sat by a massage style table, both dressed in the now familiar short tunic.

"Hi, you must be Dani," the elder of the two stood and offered her hand. With Jade still holding my right one I had to let go of the robe to offer her my left hand. I squirmed a little, trying to keep my legs together. "I'm Debs and this is Anna," she indicated the other girl, who looked no more than 18 at best.

"Thanks Debs," Jade replied, "I'll leave Dani in your capable hands." Finally she let go of my hand which instinctively grabbed for the robe.

"No worries, Jade, Now, Dani, can you just pop the robe on the hook over there," she pointed to one on the back of the door as Jade exited. I was really wondering what I'd got myself into now. I turned my back to Debs and Anna and hung up the robe, now completely naked in front of the two strangers.

"Awe there's no need to be shy, Dani. We've seen most things before." I flinched as I felt Debs step close to me and then felt a soft towel being wrapped around me. "Here, this might make you feel a little more comfortable. Now just lie face down on the table and we can get started. Have you been waxed before?"

"Waxed?"

"Yes, you're here to be waxed, Dani. I thought they'd explained that."

"Um, no, I thought I was here for a bit of a shave, my wife just said something about being too hairy."

"Yes that's right, we'll remove your body hair using hot wax. Don't worry it doesn't hurt as much as you think." She positioned me lying face down on the table and undoing the towel at the same time before placing it over my back.

"Well actually your back is quite clear," Debs continued to talk and explained the waxing process to me. If I could have escaped there and then I would have legged it, but the thought of running out with no clothes on kept me still. Debs and Anna started on the back of my legs, the first touch of the hot wax made me flinch but Debs was right it wasn't too bad. Then she pressed something into the hot wax and pulled the first strip of hair from my leg.

"Ouch!" Debs pressed down on the sore area and the pain dispersed.

"Well done, Dani. That's as bad as it gets." She was right too, over the course of the next 20 minutes Debs and Anna removed all the hairs on the back of my legs.

"Time to do the front, Dani, can you roll over please?" She lifted the towel to screen me as I rolled onto my back, the towel was draped over my midriff as Debs inspected the front of my body.

"You have a little chest hair there, Dani. Would you like that left or taken off?"

"Um, can I keep that please?"

"Sure." At that, Debs and Anna worked as a team to clean up the front of my legs.

Gradually they worked their way up to my groin.

"Just the last bits to go now, Dani. You've been really good." Debs announced as she pulled the towel off me, exposing my genitals to the two pairs of eyes. Of course I got an instant erection and moved to cover myself.

"Don't be silly, Dani, if you cover it up we won't be able to see what we're doing." She pulled my hands aside and my cock sprang to attention.

"I think we'll need to trim that first. The clippers please, Anna." Anna handed over a pair of mini hair clippers that buzzed gently when Debs turned them on.

"Shall I help, Debs?" Anna asked.

"Please, just keep the bits out of the way of the clipper, thanks, Anna."

Before I realised what was happening Anna had her hands around my erection and balls and was gently moving them so that Debs could clipper my pubic hair. That did nothing to help my situation and by now I was fully hard. I felt my cock pulsing in Anna's grasp as her tiny fingers gripped more firmly. It didn't take long for the inevitable conclusion. The buzzing of the clippers, Anna's firm grasp and the constant moving of my cock from side to side was too much stimulation. To my shame I came quickly into Anna's hands. Debs turned off the clippers and handed Anna some wipes.

"Oops, never mind, here Anna, use this to clean up." Anna deftly wiped my penis and then tried to get my cum out of what remained of my pubic hair.

"That'll be much easier once we're finished. You'll see, being hairless has big advantages for hygiene."

And that was it, Debs and Anna spent the next 15 minutes using some other type of wax on my pubic hair and by the end of it there was not a hair in sight from my navel to my toes.

"There, looking good, Dani. Just your bum to do. Could you get onto all fours for me please."

I didn't move. Yes between them they'd touched and handled my most intimate areas. I'd even cum all over Anna's hands, but getting onto all fours seemed even more embarrassing.

"Come along, Dani," Debs was persuasive, "onto your hands and knees for us."

Of course I did as I was told and got onto my hands and knees.

"Perfect, Dani. Anna, can you just separate for me please?"

I felt Anna's hands one on each butt cheek and then clenched involuntarily as she prised my cheeks apart.

"Great, don't either of you move." I felt hot wax dribbled down my butt crack and then Debs' fingers pressing down. Damn, I was starting to get aroused again, even though it hadn't been that long since I'd cum over Anna's hand I felt my erection stiffening. Debs pulled the wax strip off and applied some more. Again her fingers probed around my anus and now my taint. Anna shifted position using one hand to keep my butt cheeks apart she pressed my balls out of the way of the dripping hot wax. That was it, with her hand around my sack I was soon fully hard again.

Then it was over, Debs had removed every last vestige of hair.

"You can sit back down now, Dani," she declared. My erection pointed straight at Anna as I sat on the edge of the table.

"Anna, would you help clean the scraps of wax off Dani please, I need to go and get the other treatment room ready. Dani, I hope your first waxing wasn't too bad. I have to say you hardly made a noise about it." With that Debs left the room leaving me and Anna alone.

"Shall I get you cleaned up then, Dani?" the young girl smiled, she picked up a pot of oil and some cloth and began to dab at my legs, starting at my feet.

"It might be easier if you stood up, then I can get the front and back done together." I slid off the table, my full erection pointing straight up as Anna began cleaning of the residual wax. She finished my legs and got to my ass.

"Can you stand with your legs wider apart and bend over?" I used the table for support as she proceeded to clean up my butt. None of this did anything to ease my erection. Finally when Anna was satisfied that she'd removed all the bits of wax she stood in front of me.

"Would you like me to take care of that again?" I was so embarrassed, this young girl was asking if I wanted a hand job.

"No, no," I decided it was too embarrassing, what if someone walked in. "I'm sure it'll go down on its own." Anna looked disappointed by my answer.

"Oh, you know I really don't mind. It makes a nice change having a guy in here. Usually I only get to see women's bits, it was fun playing with yours. Are you sure I can't finish you off again?"

I couldn't let her do that, she looked so young, but I know she must have been over 18 to work here. Even so, it just felt wrong.

"I really appreciate the offer, Anna, but I think he's had enough fun for one day, really."

"Ok, well don't say I didn't offer." She handed me the short robe and helped my tie the belt in place. Her hands made more than a few grabs at my erection as she made a fuss of tying it just how she wanted. Eventually, satisfied that she couldn't make any more adjustments and convinced that I wasn't going to change my mind she pulled me towards the door. I used my free hand to make sure that the robe stayed closed although my penis was intent on finding a way out of that thin material. Anna walked me back to the reception where Jade was at her desk. Amazingly we didn't bump into any clients along the way.

"Oh, there you are, Dani," Jade jumped up at our arrival. "Wow, your legs look great now."

"Thanks Jade."

"Oh you must see the rest of him, Jade." Anna giggled behind me. I felt myself blush as Anna ran her fingers under the short robe and between my legs.

"Julia's out for lunch," Jade announced as she led the way into the office, I turned to see that Anna simply followed us in. Once again, neither girl closed the door.

"Now then, Jade," Anna continued, "take a look." She pulled at my belt undoing the knot in one swift movement as she reached her hands onto my shoulders and pulled the robe straight to the ground. I hadn't completely lost my erection and this sudden move by Anna only encouraged it.

"Ooh Anna," Jade laughed, and then looked straight at my stiffening cock.

"It looks huge with no hair around it."

"Yeah, feels so smooth too." Anna reached her fingers out and stroked my penis from the tip downwards. My cock twitched. Anna grabbed Jade's hand and began to stroke me.

"Wow, that is smooth, Anna." The two girls continued to caress me.

"Feel these," Anna held my balls in her hand, which were equally smooth.

"Amazing," Jade's delicate fingers squeezed them gently. That was it, four hands touching my stiffy and my balls I came without warning. Squirting all over their fingers. Jade reacted quickly.

"Sorry," I moaned as shot more cum over them.

"Oops, hold on I'll get some wipes," she rushed out of the room. Anna, simply smiled at me as my knees weakened and I had to sit down on one of the chairs.

"You were right, Dani, that was more fun than just finishing you off in the treatment room." She licked at her fingers between words.

"Mm, tastes good too."

Jade returned quickly and the two girls soon cleaned me up, along with the floor and themselves. Neither looked to be leaving so I started to dress, but when I picked up my boxers first of all, Anna pulled them out of my hands and winked.

"Not yet, Dani. Let Jade and I enjoy the view a little longer." Once I had my shirt back on she gave up and handed me the underwear. Then as the show was obviously over she said goodbye, leaving me alone with Jade.

"I'm so sorry about that, Dani." Jade looked at me nervously.

"You're sorry? It's me that should be sorry," I answered her.

"No, no. We were out of order. I got carried away, you won't tell will you?"

"Of course not, Jade. Why would I do that?"

"Oh people do, you know, the clients here often complain if they can find a reason to. Thank you though, Dani. You've been so understanding today." She stepped towards me and quickly planted a kiss right on my lips.

"Wow, that's a first." I muttered.

"What?" she looked at me quizzically.

"First, time a beautiful young girl gave me a hand job and then kissed me. I thought I was too old for all of that."

"Nonsense, Dani, you're not old."

"Old enough to be your father I should think."

"Pah, age is just a number, you're only as old as you feel inside."

We walked to the door of the office but Jade stopped before we walked out into reception. She turned and again reached up to kiss me, this time it was no fleeting peck but a passionate tongue twister. At the same time I felt her hand between my legs trying to grab a feel of my cock, but having cum twice in such a short period of time he wasn't up for playing, much it appeared to Jade's frustration.

"I hope you come back, Dani." She whispered as we walked into reception.

"That's unlikely, I think."

"Why, don't you want to come here again?" Her play on words didn't escape me.

"Of course, but unless you start opening up to men, I think I'm barred aren't I?"

"Never say never, Dani. You came here once already."

If only I knew what the future held, but I didn't and so waved goodbye to Jade and drove home.


Holiday Preparation Pt. 04

The last of Dani's preparations for his Holiday. A spray tan.

"It seems like you'll have to go back to Appleby Wallop," my wife announced in the middle of the week.

This immediately sent my mind whirring and back to last Saturday when I'd gone to the exclusive health spa for the first time. There I'd been 'treated' to a waxing treatment which apart from leaving my legs hairless had resulted in me now sporting a full male Hollywood. Whilst the treatment itself had been only slightly painful, especially getting my balls done, the worst of it had been the pure embarrassment factor. I was still surprised that I'd even got into the place, which was clearly marketed as a ladies only spa, that had been thanks to the manager Julia being the elder sister of Ginny who I'd met on a shopping trip with my wife for new swimwear. In fairness I had been treated kindly by the staff that had done what they could for my privacy. Being ladies only there were no male changing rooms. In fact, I'd hardly even seen another client whilst I was there. Now it seemed I was going to have to go back there, I couldn't imagine why. After all I had no hair left to remove.

"It seems you won the weekly draw for a free tan." My wife continued, it was clear that she was decidedly jealous that it was me getting treatments at Appleby Wallop and not her.

"Tan? Isn't that why we're going off on holiday in the first place?"

"It's a fake tan, Dani. All the rich and famous have them all the time, it means when you step out on the beach you won't look like a blancmange." She huffed and that was the end of the conversation, other than instructing me that I'd better thank them properly for putting up with me and to be grateful.

So once again Saturday morning saw me driving into the carpark at Appleby Wallop spa. For the second time I walked into the reception and was greeted by Jade, who seemed even more apologetic than previously.

"Dani," she gushed as she walked out from behind her desk and instead of shaking hands wrapped her arms around me in a hug. "Good to see you back. I'm pleased you won the prize draw but sorry about the facilities again." She rolled her eyes as if to prove it wasn't her fault that there were no male changing rooms.

"No, don't worry about it, Jade," I began. "It's not your fault and I totally understand about the facilities. I know you run an exclusive spa here and we can't have the ladies seeing a man around the place." I tried to be relaxed about it, but deep down I was nervous and twitching. I knew what was coming next, the only place I could change would be Julia's office next to the reception area, the office with no windows and only a glass door that gave only a little privacy.

"Oh, you're so understanding, Dani," she unwrapped her arms from around me and took my hand as she led me into the empty office.

"Julia's not here today, it's her weekend off, but if you need anything I'm here to help." She smiled and walked back to her desk just outside the door of the office. Whether on purpose or not she didn't close the door, but as it was simply a glass screen it was pretty irrelevant to be honest. I guessed that she expected me to undress and put the spa bathrobe on, leaving my clothes in the office for safekeeping while I had my treatment, just like the previous week. Slowly I undressed, keeping my back to the door and folded my clothes in a pile on the large wooden desk. It was only when I was completely naked that I realised that there was no bathrobe to put on. I turned back towards Jade, but she was leant over her desk rather than looking in my direction. Not knowing quite what to do I tried coughing to get her attention. When that failed, I walked closer to the doorway, I heard Jade talking to a client so I hovered inside the office entrance, my hands clasped over my genitals. It seemed that I stood there for ages whilst Jade dealt with a string of membership queries that the woman had. All the while I was hoping that Jade would look up in my direction but at the same time, I was afraid of being discovered by the client.

Finally, Jade finished and I heard her bid farewell to Mrs Penradly. Only then did she look to see how I was getting on. The surprise on her face evident when she realised I was standing only a few feet away completely naked.

"Dani!" she giggled, "you're supposed to put a robe on you know."

"Yes, I know that," I began, "but I can't find one."

"Oh, I'm so sorry, I was supposed to get one ready for you, but I got caught up with some of the members and forgot." Jade looked genuinely sorry and almost seemed about to burst into tears.

"Hey, no need to cry," I began but it was too late, I could see tears welling up in her eyes and as she stepped towards me one ran down her cheek. Instinctively I reached out to wipe the tear away, exposing myself to her in the process. That one touch of my finger on her skin triggered her release though and suddenly tears were flooding down her face which she simply buried into my chest. My bare skin was sensitive to her touch, the cotton of her white tunic uniform was crisp against my abdomen. Her hair smelt of coconut in my face and her bare arms were once again wrapped around my waist, only this time I was naked and I could feel her fingers tracing lines across my bum. Slowly she composed herself, and slowly I reacted as males do. She can't have been unaware of the growing lump between us. Indeed, I felt her press herself against me as I grew harder. I was fully erect by the time she had composed herself and looked up at me, her arms still wrapped around my waist.

"Sorry, Dani, and thanks. It's just been one of those mornings when nothing goes right."

"It's fine," I managed, now acutely aware that my stiffy was pressing hard against her.

"Now I could get used to this at work." She removed one hand from behind my back and slid it between us taking hold of my cock.

"Um sorry, I can't help it reacting." Jade simply gave it a squeeze which if anything made me more erect.

"It's ok, it's kind of flattering that you find me attractive." As if I, a married old man wouldn't find a young twentysomething attractive I thought to myself.

"I suppose I ought to get you a robe then." She let go of me and stepped back through the doorway. "I won't be long, don't go anywhere." Like I was going anywhere at all like this I thought. At least I had my hands free again to cover myself up, except that was harder now as I struggled to cover my erect penis. I edged back into the office to wait for Jade to return and stood once again with my back to the door in an attempt to convince myself that I was not likely to be seen.

"Oh, you must be Dani," a voice broke my illusion of safety and I turned to see a slender red-haired girl walking towards me in the office.

"I'm Michelle," she offered her hand in greeting, which left me with only one free hand to cover my still stiff cock.

"Hi," I replied bashfully.

"I'm going to be giving you your tan today, I didn't expect you to be quite so ready for me." She looked me up and down, obviously appraising my body, still firmly gripping my hand. She emphasised the word 'ready' and my cock hardened a little more as I tried desperately to cover it with one hand.

"There wasn't a robe," I tried to explain.

"Not to worry, come along then," she began to escort me out of the office.

"W wait, I can't go out there like this." I couldn't believe she was about to drag me around the spa naked. Fortunately, as we reached the doorway Jade returned with a clean bathrobe.

"Here you go, Dani," she held the robe out for me, Michelle still gripped one hand, so I had no choice but use the other, leaving me exposed to the two girls again. Michelle though didn't stop to let me put the robe on. In fact, she didn't slow down at all as she exited the office into reception pulling me along behind her. I just managed to pull the bathrobe towards me out of Jade's hand as I stepped into the reception area. My front was covered as the robe hung off my arm, but my backside was in full view. Not that this seemed to worry either of them. Jade just seemed to enjoy the view of me being half dragged towards the treatment rooms whilst Michelle didn't even seem to notice. Fortunately for me the reception area was empty of any other people. She marched down the corridor to get to the room we were going to use, I was afraid that each step was bringing me closer to the point where someone spotted us. In fact, we almost made it, only as I stepped through the door that Michelle held open for me did I hear the voices behind us.

"Did you see that? There was a naked man in here."

"Damn, no, where?"

"Going into the spray room, I swear he was naked."

"Can't believe.." but the rest of the conversation was lost as Michelle closed the door behind us.

"Sorry about that, I'm in a bit of a hurry as I have a full schedule today." Michelle finally apologised. She handed me a plastic hat to put over my hair and sticky foot shapes to protect the soles of my feet she said. Then she explained the spray tan process before getting me to stand inside the spray tent.

"Close your eyes, Dani." Gosh that was cold, I jumped as the chilly spray hit my face and neck.

"That was the worst bit," Michelle laughed as she continued to spray down my body.

"Turn around please." I complied and she sprayed my back.

"Stick your bum out towards me please. That'll make sure I get into all your cracks."

We repeated the whole process again and in no time at all I had a good covering before Michelle explained the drying process.

"It's just air," she said, "as again she fired her gun at me. Looking down my body once she'd finished, I was shocked by the colour.

"Don't worry, the colour will change over the next few hours. Loose fitting clothes will be best or none at all even better for at least three hours then you can wash the developer off. Only then will you see the final colour. I'll let Jade know you are all done."

With that she cleaned up her spray gun and hoses and left me in the spray room alone. Only a few minutes passed and Jade walked in.

"All done, Dani, see I told you it wouldn't take long. Do you have loose fitting clothes with you to wear home? You really don't want anything rubbing for a few hours until you wash the developer off."

"Um, only what I came here in really. Jeans and a polo shirt."

"Oh, that won't do. You better just slip the bathrobe back on, but don't tie it up or it will cause marks." She helped me put the robe on, just slipping my arms in and letting it hang on my shoulders really.

"That will be ok, but I can't leave you here for three hours, why don't you come and sit with me?"

"Do you think that's a good idea?"

"Sure, come on, I have work to do." She pulled me out of the treatment room and we walked back to reception, I held the front of the bathrobe closed tightly in front of me, it was short, but I noticed nowhere near as short as Jade's tunic uniform. We quickly returned to her desk where I was embarrassed to see three women patiently waiting.

"Oh, there's a man here," one announced and all eyes turned on me as if demanding to know why I was there.

"Hello, ladies," Jade took it all in her stride. "This is, Dani, he's helping me out this morning and as a reward we gave him a fake tan treatment. He's just waiting for the tan to develop so will be sat with me for the rest of the morning. Don't worry we continue to be committed to providing a female only environment for you to relax and enjoy your treatments in." That little speech immediately calmed the three women and as it seemed to make some sense to them they ignored me, other than for quick glances as Jade dealt with their enquiries and bookings one by one. In the meantime, I stood quietly behind Jade trying to be as inconspicuous as possible. Finally, she had finished with all the women and we were alone in reception.

"Oh sorry, Dani. Let me get you a chair to sit on, you can't stand there like that all morning." She stood up and pulled a chair from Julia's office behind us and I was able to sit down next to her. Immediately I found another problem. Sitting down just made the bathrobe rise up, instead of it coming almost to my knees now it only just covered my lap. I glanced across at Jade and realised the same thing happened to her when she sat her desk. Her normally short tunic also rode up. No longer did it sit on the top her thighs as it had when she was standing, now it stopped at the crease of her legs. I blinked as I caught sight of a flash of white lace and stared. Yes, I could see her panties.

"Enjoying the view as well, are you?" Jade's voice cut through my reverie, I was busted.

"Yes, um, I was, well, I couldn't help it, I can see your underwear," I managed to burst out.

"Isn't it pretty underwear?" she replied demurely. Obviously enjoying the attention I was giving her.

"The tiny part I saw was very nice," I thought I'd try and get myself out of trouble. It didn't work. Quick as a flash Jade hoisted the bottom of her tunic up to her waist and spun in her chair to face me. Her legs were parted and I had a full view of her fine lace panties, no pubic hair poked out between the lace so it seemed that Jade was as smooth down there as I was. My eyes fairly bulged out of my head as she made no attempt to pull her tunic back down.

"Isn't it pretty underwear?" she repeated.

"Yes, very," was all I could manage as I stared at her crotch. "Um, don't you mind flashing at me?"

"Nah, I figured I'd seen and played with all you've got so maybe it was fair to show you. They're only underwear, Dani."

"Um, quite transparent underwear, Jade. I can see, err, quite a lot."

"Not as much as I'm going to see of you later when we wash off that developer." She laughed and finally spun back to her desk and let her tunic drop back. Not that she pulled it down fully so there was now plenty of her underwear still on show for me nestled in the crease of her lap. The main doors opened at that point and two middle aged ladies walked in. They came up to Jade's desk but she pulled her chair closely under so they couldn't see what I'd been looking at. They weren't looking at Jade however, it was clear that they were surprised to see me.

Once again Jade gave the little spiel about me helping her out and this was remarkably well accepted. This continued for a couple of hours. When we were alone Jade teased me and with the now polished explanation that Jade had for me being there all the clients appeared happy. If anyone thought it odd that I was wearing a bathrobe then Jade's explanation that I'd received a spray tan in return for helping her was enough for them. No one it seemed was at all interested in what sort of help I was providing.

Eventually it seemed my developing time was up.

"Right, Dani, time to get you washed off." Jade set off back down the now familiar corridor with me bringing up the rear. We stopped outside a door marked Disabled and Shower. Jade held the door open for me. "In you go."

I walked past her into the shower room. It was reasonably large and we both fit in easily enough as I heard Jade close the door behind us. There was a disabled toilet to the left with a hand basin and the back of the room was a shower area. No curtain I noticed straight away but oddly there was a hosepipe curled up on the wall. I felt Jade's hands on my shoulders as she pulled on the bathrobe.

"You'll have to take this off," she said, "pulling the fabric down my back and off my arms, rendering me naked once again. I turned to face her, my hands instinctively covering my groin as I watched her hang my robe on the back of the door.

"Over into the shower area then please, Dani." I complied as Jade stepped out of her shoes and walked to the coiled-up hose pipe. She started the water and let it run through her fingers until it ran warm. "Don't worry I'm not going to give you a cold shower," she smiled. Once she was happy with the temperature, she directed the water towards me. "Hands up," she ordered. Followed by a shriek.

"You're not supposed to get me wet too, Dani," she laughed as the water bounced off my chest and fell on her.

"I hardly did anything on purpose, Jade." I started.

"Well, I can't have you getting my uniform all wet." She turned off the water and stepped back towards the door. I watched unbelieving as she proceeded to unbutton her tunic dress.

"Jade, what are you doing?" My eyes bulged as the beautiful young girl took off her dress and hung it on top of my bath robe. Her slender legs were nicely toned from obvious hours in the gym. Her arms were also lightly muscled and her firm stomach showed a hint of a six pack; defined but not overly so. She stood there now in white lace bra and the matching panties that I'd enjoyed eyeing up earlier that morning. Her breasts were firm and round, a C-cup I thought. Jade watched me watching her as she lifted her arms up and undid her bra, her breasts dropped only slightly as they were released. She smiled at me as she bent over and pulled her panties down to her ankles and slowly stepped out of them.

"Yes," I thought, "she was completely smooth".

"I can see you approve," she giggled pointing at my erection as she walked back over to me. My cock rock hard as this young girl stood close enough to me to touch, completely naked. "I wasn't going to sit all afternoon in wet underwear. Plus, I've seen a lot of your naked body so it's only fair you get to see mine. Now let's wash that developer off you."

Jade spent the next five minutes rinsing the tan developer off my body with the hose paying particular attention below my waist. I was fully aroused and as she continued to spray water on my genitals the sensation of the shower only increased that arousal until I was as hard as I can ever remember being. Jade seemed to approve and stepped closer to me until her fingers were touching the top of my very engorged penis.

"I've been dying to get hold of this, Dani." She pressed her own damp body against mine as she whispered into my ear. Then she surprised me by nibbling my earlobe which made me yelp.

"Ooh, Dani, I don't bite that hard," she giggled as she momentarily stepped back and turned off the hose. I stood dripping wet in the middle of the wetroom as she moved back and nuzzled into me gently. Her hands wrapped themselves against my hard cock which started to twitch in her grip.

"Jade, why?" I began.

"Shsh," was her reply as she knelt down and quickly started to lick and nibble at my hard shaft.

"Mmm, Jade, if you carry on like that I am going to make a mess."

Jade stood up, but still held onto my erection as she then led me out of the shower area to a bench that was placed against one wall.

"Sorry, it's not that comfortable," she whispered again as she pushed me down onto the bench and onto my back. I lay there appreciating her lithe young body as she proceeded to clamber on top of me. She kept her feet on the floor as she straddled the bench and me. I was mesmerised by her hairless pussy as she gently lowered herself towards my stiff cock which she still held in her hands. Her breasts wobbled as she swayed slightly to keep her balance while guiding herself onto me. Then the moment arrived and her I felt her lips pressing against my head, there was little resistance as she sank down. A small gasp escaped her mouth as I slid deep inside her, whilst I was wet from the hose, Jade was lubricated naturally and she quickly took my full length into her.

"Hmmm," she groaned in delight as I filled her up. "Fuck, Dani, I've been waiting for this." She controlled all the movement as she raised and lowered herself on my hard dick. Her hands now pressed against my chest to support herself. I watched as her firm, pert breasts dangled inches from my face, my tongue darted around trying to grab at one of her hard nipples.

Jade was extremely wet and tight, I could feel her vagina contract around my shaft as she pleasured herself. There was no doubt I was along for the ride and Jade was in control. Control! Damn! I was about to lose it. Her hot, wet, tight, pussy slid relentlessly up and down my hard cock, her breasts teasing my face as she rode me, her eyes tight shut.

"Jade, I'm going to cum," I tried to warn her but she was oblivious, if anything that spurred her on to more vigorous efforts. Soon she was panting, her breath coming in short, shallow gasps as she brought herself to her own climax. I tried desperately to hold out, to give this amazing young woman what she so obviously was intent on taking. I removed my hand from where it had rested on her buttock and caressed her hip, gently bringing my fingers to her sex. She didn't stop, her rhythmic actions sending pulse after pulse through my dick. I reached between us, sliding my fingers over her smooth mound. I felt my cock and her lips, her juices making everything slick. There, I moved up between her lips and found her sensitive spot. Her hard nub waiting for my gentle caress. I pressed, gently, against her clit and she gave out a gasp, she was close. I had to move quickly now, before my own orgasm took over, I wanted this girl to find her nirvana. I pressed her button once more and her breathing became more ragged. Again I flicked her hardness and that was it, she went over the top.

"Daniiiii," she exclaimed as her orgasm peaked and I felt her pussy clamp hard around my cock in mid movement. She shook. Her breathing stopped and her elbows bent as the strength went out of her. She shuddered and gasped as she crashed onto my chest. Her breasts now squashed against me, her hair in my eyes and mouth. I smelt her perspiration and her scent. Her vagina contracted uncontrollably and my cock couldn't take it anymore.

"Jade, I'm cuming," I gasped as my own release arrived. I struggled to withdraw from her, but she pinned me down on the bench. She wasn't heavy but she still had her feet firmly planted on the floor and I could not lift her. With nowhere to go, no way to pull out I came hard inside her.

"Sorry, sorry, sorry," I panted as she recovered enough to kiss me, smothering my words.

"Sshh, Dani," she managed to speak, then we both collapsed in post sexual bliss.

It took a few minutes to get our breath back, all the while my pulsing penis discharged into her wet folds, her inner muscles continued to contract and hold me firmly in place, even as I softened.

"Sorry, Jade," I tried again.

"Mmm." She moaned, "what are you sorry for, Dani?"

"Cuming inside you. I couldn't get out, I, I,"

"Sshh," she whispered putting a finger over my lips. "It's all good."

"But," I began.

"Dani," Jade could speak normally now. "Shutup." She smiled as she said it. "Do you think I don't know what I'm doing? We're good. I'm on the pill. You're not going to get me pregnant, and I'm clean as I'm sure you are too. I wanted this, you have no idea how much I wanted this."

"How? Why?" I must have looked completely confused.

"Dani, ever since I first saw you, watched you get undressed and admired your sexy body I've wanted you. It's always been a fantasy of mine to have sex with an older guy and when you turned up here I decided, you were the guy I wanted."

"Why?" I still didn't quite get it. "Why would a sweet, beautiful, young girl like you want sex with an old guy like me?"

"I told you, it's a fantasy, don't you have a sexual fantasy, Dani?"

"Well, I'm a guy, I have a few," I admitted.

"Exactly, and girls have fantasies too, and you're mine. How do you think you won the draw to get the free treatment today? I had to get you back here. I wanted you so bad, I needed you. I still want you."

"What? You mean you want to do it again?"

"Oh, yes, you lived up to my fantasy perfectly. I'm going to do all I can to get you back here."

"But, don't you have a boyfriend? Someone your own age? Why me?"

"No, I don't at present. I've tried guys my age and they're too immature, I want a man. And you? You turned up in the right place at the right time. I suppose we'd better get cleaned up though. I have to get back to my desk."

She stood up, still straddling me and my penis flopped out onto my tummy. A mixture of our juices still joined our bodies with a long string that turned into a larger flow as gravity took effect. I managed to sit up and with my hands on her bottom pulled us together. My face buried itself in her pussy as I licked her. The mix of juices tasted good, my cum and her wetness. I cleaned her up as best I could while she stood over me.

"Mmm, see, that's why I want you, Dani. No boy ever cleaned me up after sex before. She bent over and kissed me again, her lips parting mine as she too tasted our joint flavours, her tongue exploring my mouth. "Yummy," she exclaimed. She then bent over and gently lapped up the spilt fluids on my tummy and proceeded to suck and lick my cock clean.

"Well, I can honestly say I've never had sex like this either, Jade."

"Good, Dani, then we'll be able to have a repeat performance."

"I'd like to Jade, I mean if you really want to. Just, I don't know how or where we can make that happen."

"Oh, you let me worry about that, Dani, I'm very creative, I'll find a way to get you again. Thank you so much."

"I think I should be thanking you, Jade."

"Nope, you made my fantasy come true, in fact made it even better."

Jade dressed herself after that and I put on my robe before Jade led the way back to her desk and ultimately my clothes. She looked flushed as she sat back down in front of her computer.

"I hope you don't get any trouble for today, Jade."

"Nah, don't worry, I'll be fine. Just you be ready for the next time I need my lover."

"Next time?"

"Yeah, I told you, you really are my fantasy come true and there's no way I'm letting you go now."

I wondered what Jade could possibly have in store, but it was time to leave. My wife and I would soon be leaving for our vacation. It had certainly been a whirlwind of preparation from my point of view and I had to accept that sex with Jade had been totally unexpected and had fired up a spark that had been extinguished for so long.

