This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by 
commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial 
publication, including websites, without the express permission of 
the author, will be followed up with legal action.  This fictional 
story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be 
viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of 
fiction.  In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV 
and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips 
his wick" or "rides the rod" with impunity and without protection.

---

Double Date (MF, mf, Mf, mF, con, reluc, 1st, exhib, impreg?, voy)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Leanne was pissed off.  She had come home from college for a week 
only to be saddled with watching over her 15-year-old sister all the 
time.  Her parents had decided that since she was back, even 
temporarily, they could count on her to watch Wendy while they went 
off on some "date nights", which they had complained that they just 
didn't get to do anymore since Leanne had moved out.

That was all well and good, but she wanted some date nights too! She 
hadn't seen her boyfriend Russ in months!

Her mother had offered a compromise:  "Take Wendy and her new 
boyfriend Nathan out to the drive-in, and bring Russ.  Make it a 
double date!" She bustled away, muttering about how cute it would 
be.  Cute! Leanne wanted to get F-U-C-K-E-D! And hard! Argh!

Friday night arrived and so did Russ.  Leanne jumped into the 
passenger side of his old Oldsmobile Omega's front bench seat while 
Wendy slid into the back.  Leanne, a slim dirty blonde, and Russ, a 
nice-looking dark-haired fellow, wore jeans while Wendy wore a 
pretty sundress which complimented her golden hair and shapely legs.  
They picked up Nathan, a nervous brown-haired boy who was wearing a 
button-up shirt and slacks, and drove off to the drive-in theater.

The movie was boring and totally predictable.  All the nearby cars 
had already left by about halfway through, leaving them relatively 
alone in the back of the theater lot.  Russ and Leanne had been 
holding hands when she moved a little closer and slipped her hand 
into his lap.  Russ jumped at the contact, but adjusted himself to 
allow her better access.  Soon she was rubbing his cock through his 
jeans and the movie was completely forgotten.

Wendy and Nathan couldn't see the foreplay taking place in the front 
seat.  They had been holding hands themselves, since their first 
kiss had happened weeks ago and they had recently graduated to 
makeout sessions.  However, with Wendy's sister in the front seat, 
anything more than holding hands was not going to happen, or so they 
thought.

Suddenly Leanne and Russ moved to each other, their hands roaming, 
their tongues intertwined.  "Hey!" said Wendy, no longer able to see 
the movie.

The older couple stopped kissing and Leanne looked at her sister.  
"Were you really watching that crap?  Why don't you two have some 
fun too?  I won't tell."  And with that she pulled Russ's lips to 
hers once again.

Nathan looked at Leanne, who he was finding quite attractive, and 
then at Wendy.  He shrugged his shoulders and then moved closer to 
his girlfriend.  She was reluctant, but after a few moments of 
watching the other couple kiss she let him close.

For several minutes the car was filled with the smacking sounds of 
wet kisses, moans and gasps.  The windows fogged up.  Leanne 
continued to massage Russ's cock through his jeans and, emboldened, 
he moved his hands to her softball-sized breasts.  She gasped at his 
touch through her t-shirt and bra.

Nathan and Wendy's attention had been attracted by the louder gasp 
and their eyes grew wide when they saw what Russ was doing.  Nathan 
then tentatively reached up and caressed one of Wendy's smaller 
boobs, making her close her eyes and sigh.  Emboldened, he then 
grasped both, kneading and squeezing.  Wendy started to moan.  
Nathan continued kissing Wendy, moving his lips to her earlobe and 
neck, as Russ was also doing to Leanne.

Leanne reached down and unzipped Russ's jeans, then reached in and 
played with his dick through his underwear.  Russ gasped at the 
close contact.  He unsnapped Leanne's bra so he could get direct 
access to her boobs under her shirt, making her moan.

Nathan saw this -- Wendy's eyes had been closed since he had first 
started on second base -- but there was no way to get at Wendy's 
boobies in the same fashion because of her sundress.  He continued 
to massage her chest through her dress and bra.

Russ reached down and unzipped Leanne's jeans and she didn't stop 
him.  She was way too hot to stop now, even with her little sister 
and her boyfriend there.  In fact, it seemed to add to the thrill.  
Her little sister had obviously grown up a bit in her absence, and 
Nathan wasn't a bad looking boy.  She moaned as Russ's fingers 
touched her mound through the cloth of her panties and she reclined 
along the bench seat a bit, allowing her boyfriend better access.  
Russ clambered closer, keeping his crotch within her arm's reach.

Nathan craned his neck toward the front seat to see what Leanne was 
gasping about and got a great view as Russ lifted her shirt and 
sucked one of her nipples into his mouth.  Nathan's fondling of 
Wendy's pert tits became rough as he lost himself in the moment, and 
Wendy moaned at the pain/pleasure combination.  Nathan turned back 
to his girlfriend and kissed her passionately, his fingers making 
their way down between her legs, which were already spread apart.

Finally Leanne could take no more.  "Eat me!" she hissed, pushing 
Russ away and pulling off her panties and jeans.  Russ needed no 
additional encouragement, diving into her trimmed blonde muff with 
gusto.  Leanne moaned loader in pleasure.

Nathan stopped feeling Wendy up and this time they both looked to 
see what was going on in the front seat.  Two pairs of wide eyes 
watched over the top of the bench seat as Russ expertly licked and 
tongued Leanne's cunt, making her head snap side to side as she 
gasped in pleasure.

After a few minutes Leanne realized that the sounds of pleasure from 
the back seat had stopped.  Her eyes opened to see the voyeuristic 
teens looking on.

"Well?"  She said to them as Russ looked up.  "Go ahead.  It feels 
really good."

The younger couple looked at each other fearfully.

Leanne sat up.  "Don't tell me you've never had your pussy licked?  
Nathan!" She sat up, looking the younger boy in the eye.  "You've 
been neglecting your duties."

Russ sat back on his heels, his cock tenting his underwear, 
intrigued by his girlfriend urging the obviously inexperienced 
younger couple to have oral sex.

Leanne got to her knees and leaned across the bench seat.  "Lay 
back, Wendy.  Nathan, take off those panties."  The younger couple 
did as she asked but were still looking like a pair of deer caught 
in the headlights.  Wendy's dress was pulled up high and Russ was 
enjoying the view of her shapely legs and hips.  Nathan brought his 
face down to Wendy's crotch and tried to lick.

"Ehhh..." groaned Wendy, and not in a good way.  He had licked her 
pussy hair but not lower.  She could see her sister's boyfriend 
looking at her half-naked body and felt funny in her stomach.  Her 
nipples were erect and rubbing against her bra.

Nathan tried again, this time going too low in the dim light of the 
back seat.  He had licked her asshole a bit, pulling away from the 
smell.

"Oh for Christ's sake," said Leanne.  "Nathan and Russ, switch!" 
They all looked at her.  "GO!" She yelled, and the boys scrambled 
out the driver-side doors, passing each other as they swapped seats.

Each guy was now looking at a gorgeous girl, naked from the waist 
down.  Nathan noticed that while Wendy was shorter, curvy, had small 
breasts and shiny golden hair, Leanne was taller, slimmer, with 
larger breasts and limp dirty blonde hair.  Russ noticed the reverse 
of this, and as we all know the grass always looks greener from the 
other side.  Both men's penises were rock hard.

Leanne looked sternly at Russ.  "Just eat her out; show her what a 
pro can do.  I'll be teaching Nathan the same."

Wendy started to say, "But Lea..."

Leanne cut her off.  "Trust me...he's a professional," she said to 
her younger sister, and laid back.

Russ took Wendy's hand and pulled her to a sitting position.  
"Watch," he said, putting his arm around the young girl's waist.

They watched as Leanne instructed Nathan where to put his tongue, 
and she sighed as he hit the right spot.  Unlike in the back seat, 
the light from the movie gave him proper vantage, and he used it.  
He licked at Leanne's cunt lips, and marveled at the heady smell of 
her.

As they watched the scene in the front seat, Russ's other hand moved 
down to Wendy's knee.  She didn't seem to mind.  Wendy felt Russ's 
warm breath on her neck as, in the front seat, Nathan started to get 
the right idea and Leanne closed her eyes in enjoyment.  Russ 
nibbled on Wendy's neck and earlobe, driving her crazy.  She felt 
him push her to lie back across the seat, and in her overheated 
condition she did not put up a fight.  His hand moved to her thigh, 
pushing her dress up, then his fingers were touching her pussy and 
she lost all coherent thought.

Leanne noticed that Russ and Wendy were no longer looking, so she 
turned her attention to Nathan's crotch.  It looked enormous! She 
urged him to shift his position to alongside her so he was licking 
her at an angle.  She touched his cock through his slacks.  He 
jumped and stopped licking, looking at her.  "I've got to see 
this," she whispered, unzipping him.  He was terribly constrained by 
his underwear so she pulled his pants and undies down, freeing a 
thick 10" beast, all red and angry looking.

"Holy shit," she exclaimed.  She reached out and grasped it.  It was 
hot and throbbing.  Nathan groaned.  "That's it...get on your 
back," she whispered.  "I've got to try this."

She moved to give him room and Nathan complied.  She clambered onto 
him, careful to keep from being seen from the back seat.  She had 
said she would only teach the boy pussy eating, after all, not to 
fuck him, but her boyfriend was only 7" long and not terribly thick; 
she wanted to feel this monster inside of her.  She could hear Wendy 
gasping as Russ lapping her cunny.  It was his pleasure to lick cunt 
an hour at a time, so she knew she had time with Nathan.  She moved 
up, grasping his monster, and positioned her pussy over it.  She 
pushed back, his cock head splitting her pussy lips slightly.

Nathan was enthralled, darting his eyes back and forth between where 
his cock was slowly entering his girlfriend's sister's body and her 
pretty face, which was screwed up in a combination of concentration 
and lust.  She lightly bit her lower lip, pulled up a little, then 
moved back again, wedging his cock head inside her.  Nathan gasped, 
feeling the heat of her body surround the tip of his penis.  This 
was his first time.

In the back seat, Russ was licking, sucking and tonguing Wendy as 
she gasped in orgasmic pleasure.  He couldn't count how many orgasms 
she had had already.  She seemed to be in some sort of trance, 
continuously gasping, her eyes closed.

Leanne figured that Nathan's (undoubtedly) first time wouldn't last 
long once she had gotten him all the way inside her.  It was all 
right, as she was on the pill.  The lucky boy's first time was 
bareback, as it should be, she thought.  She had gotten about half 
of his 10" length inside her, and she was stuffed more full than she 
had ever been before.  Seeing his adoring gaze upon her, combined 
with the sound of her sister's gasping from the back seat and the 
feel of her stuffed pussy caused her to orgasm hard.  "Nnn! 
Nunnhh!" She tried to keep her voice down in order to not attract 
Russ's attention.  Her pussy lubricated enough from her cumming that 
on her next push back Nathan entered her all the way.

Nathan and Leanne moaned at the pelvic contact.  She tweaked his 
nipples, making him gasp, then raised herself back up a bit.  She 
held herself there, tantalizingly, then pushed back down hard.  They 
both moaned again.

In the back seat, as the minutes passed, Russ's balls started to 
ache.  Leanne had gotten him pretty hot and bothered, and with her 
younger sister moaning and groaning from all the orgasms from his 
tongue he knew he was going to need relief pretty soon.  He replaced 
his tongue with his fingers in order to keep Wendy in her orgasmic 
trance and sat up in order to see how the couple in the front seat 
was doing.

Nathan's eyes were closed now so he didn't see Russ looking over the 
bench seat.  Russ was surprised to find his girlfriend riding the 
younger boy for all she was worth, her face pressed into his chest 
in order to muffle her gasps.

Well shit, he thought to himself, if she's going to fuck him then 
I'm going to get relief too.  He freed his turgid cock and lined it 
up with Wendy's wet cunt.  He pushed tentatively, unsure how 
experienced the younger girl was, and the head popped inside.  
Wendy's eyes were still closed, her head lolling from side to side 
due to the unceasing orgasms she had been experiencing.  The girl 
didn't even know what was going on; only that it felt good and she 
needed more.  Russ pushed more insistently, inserting a couple of 
inches of penis into the young girl.  No hymen.  Russ was unaware 
that Wendy had lost hers during gymnastics training a couple of 
years ago, so he assumed she wasn't a virgin.  He pulled out and 
pushed back in smoothly.  There was already plenty of lubrication 
from his saliva and her orgasmic juices, but the head of his cock 
began to leak precum, adding even more lubrication, not to mention 
sperm, which went on their preprogrammed way inside the 
inexperienced young girl.

Russ pushed Wendy's dress up higher, gaining access to her perky 
breasts.  He pushed her bra up and tweaked her nipples as he picked 
up speed, soon reaching a good rhythm.  He was already quite 
excited, and that, combined with the forbidden aspect of fucking 
this teenaged girl, brought him well on the way to orgasm quickly.

In the front seat, Leanne paused as she heard Russ' moaning.  He 
wasn't...was he?  She sat up, pushing herself back on Nathan's cock 
and gasping as she did so.  Russ was balls deep in 15-year-old 
Wendy's virgin pussy, pounding for all he was worth.  She could tell 
he was close.

"Russ!" she hissed.

He jerked in surprise, halfway out, and stopped. 

Leanne looked at Russ' glistening bare cock, no doubt leaking precum 
into Wendy's unprotected and possibly fertile cunt.  Nathan still 
didn't know what was going on, so lightly pinched Leanne's nipples.  
She moaned.

Wendy was desperately trying to continue the penetration, thrusting 
and rolling her hips up at Russ' cock, her eyes still closed.  She 
panted and moaned, still lost in her own world.

Leanne couldn't take her eyes from the penetration of her little 
sister.  "She's not on the pill," she managed to get out as she felt 
a nice tingle from her G-spot as Nathan rolled his hips.

Russ still hadn't moved, and hadn't taken his eyes from Leanne.  She 
didn't seem mad.  Was she...turned on by this?  She was staring at 
where he was penetrating the young girl.  Finally he could take no 
more of Wendy's insistence and pushed deep into her.

Leanne raised up and sat back down on Nathan's cock, moaning.  His 
cock was rubbing right on her G-spot now.  It felt so good.  She 
didn't take her eyes away from where her boyfriend's cock penetrated 
her sister.  She had to stop this.  Russ was already close to 
cumming; he almost certainly had dripped some precum into the young 
girl.  Why didn't she stop it?

Russ kept his eyes on Leanne, pulling back slowly, almost all the 
way out, then pausing.  He saw Leanne raise herself up in time with 
it.  He jammed forward.  Leanne dropped back down on Nathan's cock 
in time with the thrust, once again making them both moan.  
Synchronized fucking.

Realizing that Leanne hadn't told him to stop, Russ renewed his 
efforts.  He kept Leanne in the corner of his eye but returned his 
attentions to Wendy, massaging her small breasts and making her 
nipples hard.  He once again pulled back and jammed forward hard, 
again noting that Leanne was continuing the synchronicity.

Leanne's mind was awhirl.  She wanted Russ to stop, didn't she?  She 
didn't want her little sister to get pregnant...oooh! A rush of 
pleasure ran through her and she bounced on Nathan's cock in time to 
Russ' increasing thrusts.  She looked at her sister's slightly 
rounded tummy, envisioning it swelling with a baby.  Oh God, that 
felt good! She could still stop this...she could...

"Nyaaaa!! Aarrrr!!" Russ cried out, thrusting as deeply as possible 
into Wendy as he came.  His cum blasted into the unprotected young 
girl's vagina.  Her cervix spasmed repeatedly as she continued to 
cum, sucking his semen as deep inside her as possible.

Leanne went crazy, ramming herself back onto Nathan's cock in a 
frenzy.  The younger boy cried out in orgasm himself and his warm 
cum rushed up inside her.  Temporarily forgetting she was on the 
pill and thinking that she might get pregnant too, she came hard, 
crying out in ecstasy.

The swapped couples collapsed onto each other, gasping.  It was 
going to be a fun summer.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective 
(krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)