Discovery Of Sarah
by EveryoneHasOne

Classic good girl is gently steered into discovering kink.

Sarah hustled up the stairs, checking her watch to make sure she wasn't late. 5 minutes early. The studio's vestibule is modern and classy, bright white marble walls that echo with her steps. Clearly a professional establishment. Walking up to the desk, she sees behind glass doors a few different sets with elaborate lighting and various backdrops.

A receptionist in a full gown greets her, immediately making her feel under dressed in her tight sweater and upscale jeans. She approaches the desk and smiles at the young woman, "Hello... I have an appointment...under Sarah, for professional executive headshots. I'm a little early I think!"

The receptionist continues typing, "early is good, our photographers are quite sought after and busy. She then eyes Sarah up and down and then takes her back into the studio sets. They approach a well-dressed older man in an artsy European cut suit. He smiles, his motions large yet unintimidating when he spots you and heads to meet you.

He beams "Oh you must be Sarah. You look beautiful. I can see this will be a good shoot." Sarah's boots click loudly over the epoxy floor. She smiles sweetly, "Oh... yes, I am, thank you..."

"I'm here for some head shots... we're revamping our website!" Sarah exclaims. The receptionist turns and leaves, shaking her head.

The man introduces himself as Xavier and continues "Of course, come this way and sit on this stool (before the white background wall). Now sit facing the side and turn your face back towards the camera."

Sarah sits down on the stool, crossing her legs, tugging her sweater slightly, she faces the indicator cross painted on the wall, then turns her face towards the camera, smiling sweetly. Her hair is neat, in a bun, but with two strands falling either side of her face.

(click click click) "very nice. Just like that (click). Well, don't smile too hard. A fake smile is obvious to the camera. Just relax, take a deep breath, look casually at the camera."

Sarah closes her lips and gazes into the camera, a slightly more sultry look. "Much better. You're a natural. Are you sure you've never modeled before? (click) Now some adjustments"

He hurries over and gently lifts Sarah's face by the chin slightly. Stepping back, inspecting as if his eyes were the camera. Then he pushes on her lower back, improving her posture and making her tits jut out.

Sarah shakes her head as he adjusts her posture. She raises her tongue in her mouth to give a more refined jaw and looks down as her back arches. "No i haven't ever modeled," she smiles at the compliment, though feels a bit sheepish being so contorted.

"(click click click) Oh you photograph so well, you just haven't found your voice yet. Let's try some different angles. Stand up for me."

Sarah stands, tugging her jeans up over her ass and crossing her arms. "Thank you..." she smile slightly, brushing a strand of hair away from her eye. "Where do you want me?"

He smirks, thinking about where he'd like her, but says nothing about it.

"Now look at the camera. And cock out your hip a bit. We don't want you just staring head-on like an old lady in a birthday photo...See how it turns your knee in, and makes you much more dynamic?

Sarah turns about 45 degrees, dropping her hip, one hand on her hip, cocking her leg over slightly, looking into the camera. Forming that serious face agani which better resembles a pout. Her boot comes up to her toe, flashing the red sole.

(click click click) Yes! You're doing it!

She blushes slightly, feeling a little uncomfortable in this position. "Good..." She turns again, doing the same pose from the other side. "Gorgeous, now lets' draw attention to you hair, it might be your best feature. Try putting your hands up high like this (gestures).

She slowly raises her arms behind her head, curling her hair around her fingers and lifting. Arching her back slightly, this pose causing her sweater to ride up, showing her midriff off. She drops my hip again, pouting into the camera, giving a naturally seductive gaze. He moves around, taking pictures from several angles. "Yes, wonderful, I think we have what we need for the website.

"Although (sigh)...have you ever heard the phrase dress for the job you want not the job you have?"

Sarah nods. "I have..." Lowering her arms, looking down at her boots. "I have the job I want though.... and I think I dress alright..." As she thinks to herself, the stunning, glammed up receptionist, her heels, the dress, the makeup, her plumped up lips lingering in Sarah's mind

Xavier admonishes "I think this sweater might honestly be underselling you. It says junior assistant, not executive."

Sarah tugs at it slightly, pulling her sleeves. "This is my favourite sweater... I got it for my birthday!"

Xavier, in a comforting tone, "and its lovely and we have many shots in it. But we have a changing room with loaner wardrobe and I think a nice professional black dress would help propel you forward. Michelle, our assistant, will take you back to find something that suits you.

The same woman from before approaches and then turns, expecting Sarah to follow. Michelle's movements are crisp and precise.

Michelle pulls out a little black dress made from stretchy material. "Excellent, this will do." She doesn't leave the changing room. Sarah's eyes widen "Uhmm..." she shakes her head. "Right... is there a private area or something I can change in?"

Michelle glares back "Is something wrong with the room? We're very busy and I may need to adjust it. Think of us like medical professionals, we do this every day, there's no need to be bashful. By the way, that dress has an internal bra, we don't want straps showing."

Sarah looks down and slowly peels her sweater off, unclasping her bra, folding them up. She takes her boots off, and peels her jeans off her legs. She squezes herself into the tiny dress which is about three sizes too small, the bra bit and corseting forcing her breasts up, giving her a lot of cleavage. She tugs the dress down, but it is tiny and covers literally just her ass. She looks at myself in the mirror and roll her eyes. "I'd never wear this at work in a million years!"

Michelle, without missing a beat, chimes "you aren't wearing it to work, you're wearing it to a photoshoot. Xavier knows how to get results. Come with me" and she tosses a pair of 6 inch heels at Sarah then walks off without her, again leaving Sarah to follow back to him. Sarah slips them on and trots outside, wobbling slightly, being double what she's used to. She tries to strut like Michelle, a professional.

"Oh so much improved. Do you like it? Its from Paris."

"It's nice... but it's a little small..."

"Well we must adjust for the camera of course, professional's trick. Trust me it looks lovely. Ok now for a pose." He turns on a soft fan. Let's show off your hair, I think that's your best asset. Try facing this wall away from the camera." He demonstrates. "Hands up on the wall, then look back at me."

Sarah trots over to the wall, wobbling like crazy with every step, "Yeah... right..." She stands against the wall, Michelle comes up behind her and lets her hair down out of its bun, falling in soft curls. She puts her hands up on the wall, arching her back, and looking towards the photographer, pouting slightly.

(click click) "Love it! now really arch that back, show off that core strength. Remember you want to be taken seriously, you are FIERCE!"

Sarah arches her back painfully, looking back at him in more of a "Fuck me Daddy" pose than a confident executive pose. Her legs trembling slightly, her dress riding up showing off the

bottom of her ass cheeks.

"Yes arch, ARCH" (click click click)." He gets a few with her looking back, her panties just exposed under the dress.

He takes the camera off the tripod, moving lower. From that angle, it seems like she's honestly trying to flash the camera and smiling about it.

Sarah looks back as he drops to his knees, making her legs look sky high, a view right up her dress.

He astutely notices her legs start to strain from the unfamiliar pose. He amplifes his excited energy, hoping she will match it. "Ok great! Turn around, face me, look at the camera!"

She stands up and turns around, tugging her dress down, facing him. "Was that okay? Kinda hurt a bit..." She rubs her back, knowing his receptionist could do that pose all day with a much more extreme arch and much higher heels.

"Divine!" He smiles, as Sarah then tugs her dress down to cover her nearly exposed ass, just as he hoped, now making the dress very low cut.

"Now lean forward, it streamlines the neck. Lean forward and look up at the camera."

The cups in the dress and corseting are forcing her breasts together and up, giving her pretty extreme clevage. She lean forward, and looks up into the camera. "Are you sure these are appropriate for what's been asked?"

"Yes, a little lower now." The top now barely covering her nipples. "We have the website shots. I think these should be your personal profile, no charge for them."

She's pretty much bent over at the hips now, craning her neck to look up at him.

The tight fabric has just enough give to expose her nipple to the camera, her smiling face seeming to accept it (click click click).

"Oh Sarah dear, adjust yourself, you're spilling a bit."

She jerks upward and her breasts pretty much are popped out, her areolas exposed to his low down shots. She looks down. "OH GOD!!!" she yelps, tugging her dress up. "Sorry... it's this dress!" She blushes, going bright red.

(click click click) "Oh I just got the most artistic shot of you covering yourself, don't worry nothing shows. It is very avante guarde!"

Sarah looks around and notices a variety of posters on the walls; they have professional models, headshots like she wanted, but also some black and white tasteful nudes.

Sarah blushes and re-adjusts herself into her pose, her hair falling around her face. "This dress is very tight..."

"Yes, you are right, it is. Actually I can sort of see your panty lines through it. We don't airbrush our photos here, natural beauty only. Let's take off the panties and try again"

Sarah goes bright red at his suggestion, but her boundries are slowly coming down. Still shell shocked from her prior exposure. Michelle marches out to her, hovering over her, putting out her palm expectantly. Sarah bends down and peels her panties off, then handing them to Michelle. Michelle lets her eyes meet Sarah's before she turns and leaves.

Xavier breaks the tension "Much better, now let's move over to the chaise lounge. I trust you've seen Titanic, the scene where Rose is painted by Jack?"

The look catches Sarah off gaurd, but she trots over the the chaise lounge, sitting down on the red velvet. "I have... yes..." She looks at Michelle then Xavier.

"Perfect, now lay down. And hold the strap of the dress in your hand, don't worry that's all you need do with it. Now michelle will unstrap your heels, and I want you to move your foot slowly up your lower leg, bending at the knee, sort of like you're tracing your calf and thigh.

She lays down following the instructions, pulls one strap down so it falls off her shoulder while holding the other strap. Michelle removes her heels. She kicks her other leg back, laying on her side, rubbing up her calf and lower thigh with my foot. Her pussy and ass completely exposed from the side Michelle is looking at.

(click click click) "Good, now hold that strap tight and keep moving that leg up up up" Xavier distracts her with focus on the strap as her spread legs reveal her completely to the camera.

Sarah tugs the strap as he snaps pictures of her.

Xavier's pants start to bulge. Even Michelle is shifting from one foot to the other and biting her lips. Sarah looks down and realizes that she must be exposed. Her eyes go wide, losing all of the prowess she had tried to show. The shock is too much to acknowledge, how could she possibly accuse them of setting her up like this. Her eyes dart back and forth as she remembers how this happened. Had she wanted it to happen? How else could it have happened?

Xavier sees the look in her eyes but notes that her legs remain frozen. He keeps up the charade. "So good Sarah so good" (click click click). I could get you so much modeling work, arch that heel, bend that knee." He moves downward until she is clearly just flashing the camera. "Are you having fun Sarah? do you like being artistic?"

Was it artistic? Her heart was pounding, and she had to admit, it was fun. It was unusual, out of character, and being supported rather than criticized. Maybe she had known what she was doing? She nods slightly, arching her heel, rubbing her thigh with her toes. "Its not awful..." she look down, feeling awkward again. "I've never really thought about modelling... I love my career!"

"Oh this would be part time, you can be both! (click) Let that energy flow through you. React, don't think, like a model.

Sarah grabbed her thigh and pouted into the camera, giving a seductive look at him, flashing her pussy at him and Michelle as he takes photos of her. "I... guess I could?"

"Face me Sarah, grip those knees. you love this don't you?" She smiles naturally and holds her knee, getting a bit of a wild rush. Thinking that it really was fun, but saying that just wouldn't be right, so she breathed and gave a tepid "I guess? Yeah... it's fun..."

"Show me, prove it to me, you're fierce, you're brave, how brave?"

Sarah bites her tongue, looking between the two of them. "Well you said act like Rose..." She takes a deep breath and slips the strap of my dress down, pulling the dress off one of her breasts, she covers it with my hand and looks right into the camera.

"Mmm yes so perfect, so classy. (click click) Be proud, be proud of that body, look at me. His excitement is infections, deliberately. "Grab those ankles" which he knows requires uncovering her breast. "Raise them high, high in the air, wide!"

Sarah grabs her ankle, uncovering her breast to the camera, raising her ankle, showing her pussy clearly, not just a little flash, a clear deliberate act. "Like this Xavier?" Her coy tone and shallow breathing made her realize she was actually becoming aroused.

"Yes you angel (click click click) Oh you must let me put this on our testimonial site. Don't worry, its not public, paid access only."

She lay on her back, exposing her body like never before. "Uhmmm.... sure..." She looks at her heel and slides up in the chaise lounge. "As long as it's not public!!!"

(click click) Of course not, exclusive, paid membership only. Think of it Sarah all those men and women, so excited to see you, all of you!"

She nods slightly. Knowing full well that those men and women would be masturbating to her. She pictured it in her mind and moaned. She gave a dreamy denial "as long as it is purely artistic" and spread her legs even more.

Michelle chimes in "I've uploaded these to our site. They already have 100 Likes and a few comments!" "Beautiful lady, such an inviting pussy"

Sarah goes bright red as Michelle reads the comments out to us. Sarah lowers her hand to her pussy, letting Xavier take a shot of it clearly. The posts are now streaming up on the big screen tv on the wall. She can also see video feeds from many of the people watching, mostly jacking off.

Xavier grins "The best models are multitalented Sarah. Can you dance? I can make this a video stream."

"A stream? Like live?" She sits up, rebuckling her high heels. "I can try..." She watches as Xavier connects up the camera to the computer, covering herself back up and getting infront of the new camera position.

"Wave to your fans, Sarah. You have over 200!"

She waves meekly into the camera and sees the collage of hard cocks reacting with faster stroking. A tingling starting in her clit made her wish she was still in a position to masturbate instead of dacne. But she starts dancing awkwardly, spins around and bends over, shaking her ass slightly, her dress riding up until it is only a belt.

Xavier, no longer having to hold the camera, is now sitting beside it massaging his massive bulge. Michelle is off to the side watching hungrily with her hand down the top of her skirt

Sarah takes no notice of them, something natural emerging from deep within. She spins back around and does slut drop, knees splaying out wide in a squat, nearly breaking her ankles in the tall platforms. She bounces up and down on my heels and pulls her breasts out, massaging them.

"Yes Sarah Yes this is clearly what you were meant to be! such a natural!" Xavier cheers. Michelle adds "Oh wow, this is quite an honor. someone donated $50, to um, charity, to see you using a toy." Sarah blushes, groping her breasts. She looks up at her and smiles, shrugging, "Uhmmm... well... I guess if its for charity!"

Michelle brings her a fat dildo with a suction cup bottom. "That move seems to be a real crowd pleaser, try it but while bouncing on this"

Sarah suctions the toy to the floor and hovers over it. "Oh my god!!!" she rams down and puts her hands behind her to steady herself. Starting to bounce. "What. Is. The. Website. Called?" she asks. Michelle smiles, put her hands on Sarah's shoulders, "Oh, CamWhores.com."
