Part 2

Vin and Chris had been on the trail of three outlaws for right at a week, and they both agreed it had been worth the trip even though there was no bounty on the men. The three outlaws had killed a homesteader named Rory Calhoun a dozen miles southeast of Four Corners and then beaten and raped his wife before they stole the family’s horse and rifle. They rode out through town afterwards bold as day – Vin had even seen them and admired one of their horses, a distinctive medicine hat paint – before they disappeared into the canyon country to the southwest.

The outlaws had left the Calhoun woman with no way to protect herself or even get help except for her son Danny, who had hidden from the outlaws at his mother’s insistence. The boy was only nine, but he knew his ma, Lorrie, had been hurt badly by the men. He had heard everything while he was down in the hidden root cellar under the kitchen floor, scared that the men would kill his mother like they had killed his father. He had waited what seemed like hours after they left before his mother finally said it was safe to come out, all the time scared she was dying and just didn’t want him to see.

Lorrie had needed a doctor’s care too badly to argue when Danny said he was going for help. Danny had told the Seven later that he ran to the closest neighbor’s place as fast as he could run. He had intended to get John Rawlins to ride into town for Nathan, but Danny found no one home on the Rawlins farm and both horses were gone. He was determined to get help for his mother, and he only waited a short time at the Rawlins farm before he turned towards Four Corners on foot.

The boy spent a long night on the trail to town, running until he couldn’t any more and then resting until he could gather the strength and breath to run again. A farmer found him by the trail early the next morning, too exhausted and sore-footed to do more than plod along slowly, and pulled Danny up into his buckboard for the last two miles to town. The farmer spotted Josiah and Nathan leaving the restaurant by the jail, and dropped Danny off almost literally into Nathan’s arms just as the two men were about to cross the street.

Josiah went to gather the others while Nathan bandaged Danny’s battered feet, and soon the Seven were headed out to the Calhoun place. Danny refused to be left behind, so he rode in front of Buck, eating a breakfast of biscuits and sausage while Buck coaxed the whole story out of the boy. The others listened in near silence to Danny’s recounting of the day before, beginning with his father greeting three strangers and being shot while Danny and Lorrie watched from inside the house. By the time Danny was telling them about his long night on the trail to town, all seven men were livid, though they tried to hide it from the boy.

The Seven were always angry when an outlaw went after people in their town, but the anger they felt on the ride to the Calhoun farm couldn’t begin to compare to the rage that settled in after they finally saw how battered Lorrie Calhoun was. She had been kicked in the knee and in the ribs for trying to run, and then she was beaten severely before she was raped and left unable to even stand up and move from the sitting room floor to her bed. She had dressed herself as best she could before she let Danny leave the cellar, and Danny had made up a pallet for her on the floor with the blankets and pillows from the beds before he went for help, but it still wasn’t a very comfortable place to spend the night. Lorrie was in shock and was as pale as death, in serious pain and too hurt to do anything about it.

Seven angry-looking, obviously dangerous men crowding into her home had understandably scared Lorrie so soon after she was attacked, and she kept cringing away whenever one of them moved towards her. Josiah was too angry to be much help, and Buck, Ezra, and Vin were mutually agreed on among the Seven to be the ones frightened ladies and children trusted most easily, making it fall to them to calm her down enough to accept Nathan’s aid. Lorrie was intimidated by Buck’s height and obviously afraid of him, so he soon left the task of calming her to Vin and Ezra. It helped that one of her close friends, Gloria Potter, was close to both of them and had mentioned before that she should speak with either of them if she needed help and her Rory wasn't around. Gloria adored Vin especially and often spoke of how sweet he was, and had made sure that Lorrie, who was wary of the town's gunslingers, knew that Vin might look a bit rough around the edges but he was a gentleman and would do anything to help a lady in need.

Vin and Ezra spent most of an hour getting Lorrie to drink Nathan’s teas and talking softly to her before she was finally calm enough to let Nathan check her injuries. The other members of the Seven all wanted to shoot the outlaws on sight as they waited outside, fair fight or not, but Chris took it personally. He didn’t even wait for Nathan to finish treating Lorrie before he decided he would head out alone with Vin to hunt the three culprits down. He figured everyone else would be fully occupied holding down the fort in town and riding patrol just in case the outlaws circled around to hit again before Chris and Vin could get them. There was no way he wanted the town left unprotected while there were men in the area that would treat a lady the way Lorrie had been treated.

There had been more than a little argument about Chris making the decision for the others, of course, but none of them really doubted that Chris and Vin could handle three outlaws on their own so the argument didn’t last long. Nathan needed to stay a few days out on the Calhoun place with Lorrie and Danny to treat her injuries and take care of her until she was healed up enough to get around on her own, so he didn’t have to be convinced to stay behind. JD took his responsibility as a sheriff’s deputy seriously and only needed a reminder that the town counted on him before he reluctantly agreed to stay. Josiah had a church service to give the next day, still the closest thing the town had to a preacher, and that and the need for someone to patrol the area was enough to still his arguments, if not his seething rage over what had been done to Lorrie.

Ezra wanted to go with Chris and Vin as well, which seemed to surprise Buck and Nathan even though Vin knew Ezra was too much of a gentleman to stand idly by after any woman was treated so poorly. Ezra had strong arguments for why he wouldn’t be needed in town, but Chris asked Ezra to stay anyway. Ezra might have been able to convince Chris to let him ride along, but Vin had known that the way Chris worded the request would get Ezra’s cooperation even before Ezra had given in gracefully. Vin knew just as well as Chris did that Ezra would do almost anything if Chris asked it as a personal favor to him.

Buck was the most reluctant to see Chris and Vin ride out alone, and his anger when asked to stay behind was motivated at least as much by the way ‘Miss Lorrie’ had been treated as by the fact he was worried about his friends riding into trouble without him to watch their backs. As the current sheriff, though, he couldn’t really deny it when Chris finally got mad and said it was Buck’s job to protect the town and its residents. Buck fussed and cussed and stomped around waving his arms and raving for a bit longer, hating the fact Chris was right. He finally gave in on one condition: if Chris and Vin weren’t back in a week the others would come after them.

JD, Josiah, and Nathan had all seconded Buck’s idea, and Chris and Vin agreed to the time limit more because they had no choice than because they expected to need help. Ezra had been the only one to stay quiet, but Vin had no doubts Ezra had agreed wholeheartedly with the idea of limiting their trip. He just didn’t speak up because Chris had asked Ezra to stay behind, and Ezra’s sense of honor wouldn’t let him suggest chasing them after the fact. It wouldn’t keep him from riding out if he truly thought Chris and Vin needed help, but he wouldn’t be hasty about it and he’d make every effort to do as Chris asked.

Danny had gotten a good look at the outlaws and their horses, and while everyone else was arguing about who would go after them, Vin was wishing he’d known that he needed to stop that distinctive paint he’d seen the day before. As soon as it was settled that Chris and Vin were going alone, Vin had walked the Calhoun place with Danny to get a good sense of the tracks he needed to find and then when they all headed back to town Vin took off ahead of them to pick the trail up west of town while the others put together supplies for a week. They weren’t taking a packhorse, so the food – bacon, beans, jerky, and biscuits – was loaded into an extra set of saddlebags tied onto Pony’s saddle for the trip, and Peso would carry a similar saddlebag of grain so he and Pony would be able to keep up a faster pace.

JD wanted to find some way he could help, so he wired the nearest federal marshals to see if the men were wanted anywhere else. A couple of hours of work left him with no warrants on the men, though he did find two lawmen who recognized the descriptions. The marshal in Ridge City in particular recognized the paint as belonging to a man he’d asked to leave town because he was way too rough with a saloon girl, but he had checked into the man’s background as well and found no warrants. JD had hightailed it out to Chris’ place after that, wanting to pass along what he’d found before Chris and Vin could leave, and rode into Chris’ yard just after Vin returned from his scouting trip.

Vin and Chris loaded up the horses while they listened to JD’s information about the outlaws, and then they lit out as fast as they could safely move without losing the outlaws’ trail or pushing Pony too hard. The black geldings were both in fine shape and they could cover a lot of ground in a day when their riders needed them to, but Peso would run Pony into the ground if they didn’t pay attention. Pony had enough heart for five horses and would run himself to death if it was asked of him, so it was up to Chris and Vin to make sure the loyal gelding wasn’t pushed too hard.

One of the outlaws was on a barefoot horse with a ragged hind hoof, and it had made it easy for Vin to pick out which set of tracks to follow when the outlaws left the main trail to head into the canyon country to the west. Tracking over rocky terrain slowed them down a few times, but for the most part they were able to concentrate on covering as much ground as they could between breaks to get off and walk the horses.

The terrain was familiar until they passed a few miles south of the Seminole village, but even being on unfamiliar territory didn’t slow them down. They pushed themselves and their horses hard enough that within two days they were right on the outlaws’ heels, despite starting out a day behind, but they were in such a hurry to catch up that they ran right into an ambush. They got through unscathed more because of the outlaws’ stupidity than because of their own skill, and when the outlaws mounted up to run Vin managed to kill the outlaws’ leader, who rode the paint.

The ambush and shooting skills of the outlaws hadn’t impressed Chris or Vin, so they didn’t make any effort to avoid another run-in. They rode hard and caught the outlaws again later that evening near a small tank of water in a box canyon, literally napping by their fire. They might not have fired a shot if it hadn’t been for the stolen Calhoun mare calling out to them as they snuck into the camp. As it was the two outlaws rolled out of their blankets shooting, though they didn’t even come close to hitting anything before Chris and Vin shot them.

Chris was so withdrawn while they buried the bodies the next morning that Vin finally asked him if he was all right, but he was more than a little surprised when Chris actually answered him. He told Vin that all he had been able to think about while they hunted the men was that his wife could have been used just as badly before she was murdered and he’d never know it. Vin finally understood the hatred that had driven Chris to push on as fast as Pony could stand, and knew that if he had lost someone he loved like Chris had – if he had lost Chris in such a way – he likely would have felt the same.

They talked quietly for a little while over the last of their breakfast coffee, both making an effort to steer the conversation towards more cheerful topics. By the time they rinsed out the dishes they were both feeling better and looking forward to a more leisurely ride home. They loaded the three horses with everything off the outlaws that the Calhouns might be able to sell, right down to their boots, and headed home. There was close to thirty dollars in the saddlebags of the bay mare that got roped in right behind Pony for the trip home, and several guns and knives wrapped up in the bundles tied to the outlaws’ saddles, besides the worth of the horses.

The sorrel gelding with the ragged hoof that had made the outlaws so easy to track wasn’t anything special in Vin’s opinion, but the paint mare was nice enough Vin would have kept her himself if things were different. She was marked in a pattern that Indian tribes called a ‘medicine hat’, and he’d always liked the look almost as much as the legends that went along with it. The Comanche and Kiowa tribes Vin had spent his teenaged years with believed that a horse that was mostly white with a colored ‘hat’ on the ears and a ‘shield’ on the chest and flanks was almost supernaturally lucky, and there were stories among every tribe he had known of great warriors who rode them. Vin had known three remarkable medicine hats himself, war and buffalo horses that were smart and fearless and loyal to their last breath, and he had always wanted one of his own.

But, no matter how much Vin liked the paint mare’s looks, the Calhoun family definitely needed her a lot more than he did. He figured Danny needed some good luck to go his way after seeing his dad shot and then having to listen to his mother beaten and raped, and that any boy Danny’s age needed to have a horse of his own anyway. He wouldn’t mind too terribly much if they kept her, and if they didn’t he was sure Ezra would let him borrow the money to buy her for a fair price. He’d likely complain, knowing Ezra, but he wouldn’t hesitate to give Vin the money as long as Vin asked without an audience.

The gear on the horses would bring a pretty penny, so Vin planned on suggesting that Lorrie sell the sorrel and keep the flashy paint mare for her boy even though the paint was worth much more. The way Vin had caught Chris looking the mare over and checking her reactions to being poked and prodded, he figured Chris had the same idea. If he did, there was a good chance Chris would suggest Lorrie keep the paint before Vin got the chance to, which was just fine with Vin. A suggestion they agreed on would surely carry more weight with Lorrie than any suggestion just from Vin alone, and he was content to let Chris do the persuading if he could.

If Lorrie didn’t want to keep the mare, Vin was sure the paint would wind up grazing on Chris’ place, one way or another. He’d buy her from Lorrie if Chris didn’t beat him to it, and he knew Chris would let him turn her out on his place. Buck had said more than once that he was sure Chris couldn’t bear to raise horses again after his wife and son were murdered, but Vin had gotten the feeling Buck was speaking more about himself. Vin knew Chris still liked to have horses around to watch when he was relaxing on his porch, and he figured Chris wouldn’t be hard to talk into having a few head to play with when they had time. Fencing in the meadow near the barn wouldn’t be hard, especially if they roped their friends into helping out, and there was graze enough within sight of the house to support half a dozen horses easily.

Vin enjoyed watching horses graze of an evening as much as he knew Chris did, and he was sure they would both enjoy having a small herd to fool around with when they had time off. Vin spent most of his nights sleeping in Chris’ barn if they weren’t on the trail, and he figured that wasn’t going to change, even though he still had his wagon behind the livery in town. Chris’ loft had a great view when Vin couldn’t sleep, and the company when he woke before dawn was a lot better than he’d usually find in town, plus Peso liked Chris’ place as much as Vin did and was always happy to relax and graze in the meadow with Pony.