Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 02

Jon had left for work when Willow got up on the Tuesday morning and after some breakfast we set off to go shopping in a nearby city. I put on just a light, thin summer dress and shoes and after seeing me Willow came out of her room wearing a similar dress, although the hem of hers was half way down her thighs and the cotton looked quite thick.

I asked Willow who bought her the dress.

“My mother last summer, why?”

“It’s a bit long and not very thin.” I said as I looked at her.

“I know, but it’s all that I’ve got.”

I told her that I’d teach her to sow so that she can shorten her dresses and skirts herself, and maybe even make her own clothes, ones that are more appropriate for a hot little exhibitionist. Willow goggled.



On the journey to the city we talked; me starting the conversation by saying,

“I don’t know exactly what you and Jon talked about but I guess that gist of it was that if you do as your told; without question, then we will help you develop your skills to show-off your body whenever you want; is that right?”

“Basically, yes V.”

“And are happy with that? Is that what you want?”

“Fuck yes V.”

“Okay Willow; well the first thing that you need to master is where and when you swear. Both Jon and I aren’t bothered about your language but there are times and places when it isn’t appropriate. We’ll correct you when necessary and we expect you to learn from us.”

“Sorry V.”

“That’s okay; you’re young and still learning so we’ll forgive your mistakes; the first time. But if you make the same mistake more than once you will be punished.”

“What sort of punishment are you talking about? Stopping my pocket money? Grounding me?”

“Or maybe spanking your bare bottom or if you’ve been really bad, your pussy as well.”

“Ouch; you’d really do that?”

“Yes; we would.”

“Wow; I’d better start being a quick learner.”

“Another lesson for today is that some punishments are pleasurable as well.”

“I don’t understand.”

“Well Willow, some girls get pleasure from being spanked.”

“Do you V?”   

“Yes.”

“Does Kelly?”

“Yes.”

“Well that explains some of the sounds that came from their room. Will I cum if I get spanked?”

“That’s a good question Willow; I don’t know. I do know that some of it is a state of mind; if you want to get turned on by being spanked then there’s a good chance that you will.”

“Well I’d rather cum when I get spanked than ball my head off.”

“You might do both.”

“Hmm, I’m getting wet thinking about it; look.”

Willow pulled her dress up, spread her legs as much as she could, put 2 fingers in her vagina then held them up for me to see. I turned my head to look, smiled then turned back to look at the road.

“So I see. You’re such a horny little girl. Is your pussy ever dry these days?”

“Nope.”

“Okay Willow, today we are going to buy you some summer dresses, skirts, blouses, a couple of bikinis, some special knickers and bras; and I’m going to show you how you can deliberately flash your goodies and accidentally, on purpose, flash your goodies; all in and innocent way.”

“Why do I need bras and knickers?”

“Well the ones that I have in mind don’t have any material, just elastic or strings.”

“’Strings only’ bras and knickers! That sounds interesting.”

“I’ll make some for you. We’ll also get you some sex toys so that you don’t go searching for mine like you did with Kelly’s. It depends upon what we can find.”

“Oops, I didn’t think that she knew.”

“Another thing that you have to learn is that if you use something you put it back exactly where you found it. That’s how Kelly discovered that you’d used hers.”

“Does that mean that you’re going to buy some for me?”

“Yes, but there’s always a better selection online so we’ll look tonight.”


“And another thing to learn young lady is that a lot of successful flashing is done when you are wearing clothes. You don’t have to be naked to flash. Carelessly opening your legs; or leaning forwards so that your blouse hangs down letting your victim see down your top are just 2 ways that you can do it without the risk of getting into any trouble. At the swimming pool a bikini bottom that hangs below your crotch can be fun. Bending over or squatting down in a short skirt. There are lots of opportunities and they’re easy to find; when you’re looking.

If anyone says anything you can just say that you didn’t realise.

“Well whilst you are doing that I need to tell to that you should never squat down to pick something up, always stand with your feet apart and bend at the waist keeping your knees straight. If you do have to squat down do it so that whatever you have to pick up is between your knees.”

Another good way to expose your body is to have a ‘wardrobe malfunction’.”

“A what?”
 
“A wardrobe malfunction. Where a button pops open revealing you breasts, a loose fitting skirt ‘accidentally’ slides down your thighs, a see-through dress. Things like that. All planned but looking like an accident.

It’s not my fault that that button popped off officer. It felt okay when I put the skirt on officer, or I didn’t realise that this dress was see-through, I guess that the lights at home aren’t very bright, and no one told me.

Or another example, have you seen a girl come out of the toilet with her skirt tucked in the top of her knickers?”

“Yeah, a girl a school did it and we all laughed at her.”

“Well, I’m sure that it was an accident but what if you did it on purpose?”

“But I don’t wear knickers V.”

“True, but what if you were wearing a light-weight dress and a shoulder bag, and the dress or skirt rode up as you walked and the bag helped it on its way? You could easily show your butt or pussy to the whole world and pretend that you didn’t know what had happened.”

“I like that idea.”

“I’ve done it a few times then when someone pointed out my expose I pretended to be so shocked and embarrassed. One time I ran out of the building pretending that I was mortified then had a long laugh; and wiped my pussy dry. 

That’s accidental exposure, then there’s deliberate exposure.”

“Like when Riley and I stripped in the park and talked to those boys from school.”

“Exactly; that can get you in real trouble if you’re not careful. You have to pick your time and place and then act like it is perfectly normal for you to be naked. You picked the right place and time with Riley but you have to be careful. Walking into a church or a council office is likely to result in a trip to the police station; whereas walking out of a shop changing room naked to get a different size dress will, at worst, get you thrown out of the shop. A lot of shops will just try to give you a bollocking; some will just ignore your nudity.”

“Can we go to one of those please V?”

“It’s mainly older women and religious people who will complain; the rest just don’t want to get involved; but they often sneak a quick look at you.”

“So are the older women jealous then?”

“Yes, they see a fat, wrinkly body when they look in a mirror but when they see a nice, slim young girl naked they wish that they had your body. As you say; jealousy.”


I changed the subject,

“Pubic hair!”

“I ain’t got none. Plucked what little that I had.”

“Good girl. I haven’t had the chance to have a good look at your pussy yet, but maybe you should stop plucking for a few days so that I can have a good look; get an idea when we can start treatment to get rid of it permanently.”

“I haven’t plucked since I came to your house. Do you want to stop the car and have a good look now?”


“Nice idea Willow but I don’t think that it’s necessary right now. There’ll be plenty of times later.”
 
“Okay.”


“Another thing that we have to organise is to get you signed up for a doctor, get you on the pill and get you properly examined by a gynaecologist.”

“Why, everything works and I don’t feel unwell; and Zack wouldn’t fuck me so there’s no chance of me getting pregnant; or is Jon going to fuck me?”

“I’m sure that he will; when he thinks that you are ready for it; but you need to be registered with a doctor, we’ll go to the one that Jon knows and both him and I use, he’s nice man and he knows how to do a proper examination of a woman.”

“Oh, I’m ready for it; and what’s a ‘proper’ examination?”

“One where the doctor establishes that all of your parts work as they should do.”

“Does that include making sure that I can cum?”

“Well it did with me, he’s a nice man and I’ll ask him to do the same with you. I’m sure that he’ll do it; he appreciates an attractive female body.”

“Goody; I’ve never had a man make me cum yet. What about this gyno whatsit?”

“Well, the local doctors cover the basics but gynaecologists are specialists in female reproductive organs.”

“You mean pussy.”

“And the internal parts; these gynaecologists do a more thorough check of your body, check things that the local doctors possibly don’t know about.”

“Does that mean that he’ll give me a better orgasm?”

“Maybe. Oh, and going on the pill may just make your boobies grow a bit faster.” 

“I don’t want big tits; yours look nice V. Your size will do me just fine.”

“Well let’s hope that yours don’t grow into melons. How big are your mum’s?” 

“Not very big, I looked at one of her bras one and it said that she was an ‘AA’ cup”

“With a bit of luck yours won’t get bigger than that.”


By that time we were in the city centre and looking for the car park that I wanted to use.

As we walked out of the car park and towards the shopping centre a little gust of wind caught our skirts. Mine blew up around my waist but Willow’s didn’t get high enough to reveal her bald little pussy or butt. 

“I’ve just seen your butt V.”

“And did you notice that I didn’t push my skirt down as soon as it went up?”

“Yeah; you didn’t put your arms down did you?”

“No; that was one of the things that Jon stopped me doing. I don’t expect you do that either.”

“In this dress there’s no chance of anyone seeing anything.”

“That’s one of the reasons we’re going shopping. If the wind blows on the way back to the car I expect to see your skirt up around your waist.”

“Does that come in the category of an ‘accidental’ wardrobe malfunction?”

“Yes, you have no control over the wind.”

“I like wind.”


The first shop that we went into specialises in ‘young teens’ clothes. Because of my height and weight I’m familiar with this chain of stores and I was hopeful that we’d find a few things that would fit Willow.

We selected a few summer dresses, skirts and tops and headed for the changing rooms. This chain of stores has a separate changing room with curtained cubicles.

I selected a cubicle that was facing the entrance and pulled the curtain back. 

“Okay Willow, get naked and start trying things on.”

“Shall I close the curtain and come out each time that I’ve put something on?”

“Have you noticed that I selected a cubicle that faces the entrance?”

“Oh yes; I get it; you want anyone coming in to see me naked or partially dressed.”

“Don’t you? It might be a man that comes in with his young daughter. And Willow, strip naked each time that you change.”

“Hell yes, that’s one of the reasons why I used to go to clothes shops on the way home from school in London.”

“So you’ve been flashing that cute little body to more than the boys in your school?”

“Yep; it’s so much fun; it makes my pussy tingle and wet.”

“You’ll have to tell me about those times. Tell you what, not now, wait and tell Jon as well. He likes to hear about me being caught naked so I’m sure that he’ll like hearing about your adventures.”

“Will you tell me all about the adventures and fun that Kelly says you have had V?”

“Yes, we will, but not now, we’d still be out shopping next month.”


By the time that we’d finished talking Willow was naked and deciding what to try on first. I was stood outside the open cubicle, but to one side.

With it being Easter Tuesday there weren’t a lot of shoppers around and most of those who were out were teenage girls; and just to prove that, one came into the changing room and smiled when she saw the naked Willow. Willow smiled back and said, “Hi.”


We spent a good 40 minutes in there with Willow getting naked before she tried each item on. There’s a big, full length mirror at the end of the 2 rows of cubicles and Willow came out to look at herself from a distance.

What Willow didn’t tell me until after the other girl had left, was that the other girl had left her curtain open and was letting Willow look at her naked body when she was looking in the big mirror.

“She was rubbing her pussy and pulling on her nipples as well V.” Willow said.

“Did it get you wet?” I asked.

“A bit; I wanted to take my dress off and do the same; but I didn’t.”

“Next time that happens do it. I remember one time, well a few actually, when I’ve been in a cubicle with the curtain open and a girl has gone into the cubicle opposite and we’ve masturbated whilst watching each other.”

“Cool; I can’t wait to do that.”



We left that shop with Willow wearing one of the short, summer dresses that we bought and a few bags of other clothes; nearly all of them see-through to one extent or another.

“Can you shorten this skirt for me?” Willow asked. “I want it to just cover my pussy and butt.”

“No; but I can show you how to do it.”

“Cool; I can make it even shorter then.”

“If you make it so short that your butt and pussy are on display all the time you won’t be able to wear it in public Willow.”

“Why not?”

“You might get arrested.”

“Oh; I hadn’t thought of that.”

“Tell you what; we’ll get you a few skirts and dresses that you can adjust the hem height without them falling back down on their own.”

“I’m going to enjoy living with you and Jon V.”

I put my arm around her shoulder and pulled her to me.

“Hey careful V; you’ll flash my butt to those people behind us.”

“Not complaining are you Willow?”

“Hell no; do you want to put your arm around my waist and ‘accidentally’ pull my dress up?”

I did, and her butt and pussy were exposed for a few seconds before I let go of her.



We went into a couple more shops and left with about a lot of tops, some skirts and some dresses that were all shorter than anything that she’d arrived at our house with; and, again, nearly all of them were see-though to some degree or other.

Both of us got a couple of tops that we can wear as dresses. We got them from a shop that has the changing cubicles in the main shop and both our naked bodies were flashed to a couple of men who were in there with their partners. 

One man saw both of us naked at the same time and to make sure that he got a good look I lifted the top up and off and pretended to get it caught in my hair for a couple of seconds.


“Did you see what I did in there Willow?” I later said.

“The caught hair trick? I did that in a shop in London and nearly wet myself as 2 men stared at me.”

“Hmm; who’s the teacher and who’s the pupil here?”

“If my hands weren’t full I’d hug you V. Can we get something to eat please? I’m starving.”

“Of course we can; I’m a little hungry as well. Where do you want to go?”

“Is there a McDonalds around here?

“Yes, just around the next corner; but we’re not going to make a habit of eating fast food. Neither of us want to get fat do we?”

“We’ll have to do a lot of exercise won’t we V.”

“Maybe we can find a gymnastics club where we can both go.”

“I don’t want you in the same class as me V; I want my tits and pussy to be the centre of attraction, not sharing that pleasure with you.”

“I hope that you’re not suggesting that I would flash my goodies are you young lady? Middle-aged ladies don’t do that sort of thing.”

“You’re not middle-aged V; you look like my older sister.”

“That’s what Jon said last night.”

“Whilst he was fucking you?”

“Were you watching us?”

“No, I was asleep but I watched you this morning. You shouldn’t have left your door open.”

“We never close the doors; it’s not worth it. We’re usually there on our own.”

“Not any more V. Tell you what; I’ll never close my door as well and you can watch me playing with my pussy.”

“One thing that I’ve learnt about you the last couple of days Willow is that you don’t care where you are when you get the urge to masturbate.”

“Nope.”

“Do you do it in class at school?”

“Yep.”

“Has a teacher caught you doing it?”

“Yep; he just smiled at me.”

“I bet that he did. I’ve got a story to tell you some time about my friend Debby and what she calls ‘pussy power’.”

“Cool, I can’t wait. I assume that it includes letting teachers see her pussy.”

“Yes it does. Have you been doing that Willow?”

“Yep; Riley and I had a competition one day to see how many teachers we could get to see our bald pussies. I won, five to three.”

“My gawd Willow; you really are a lucky girl; I’m so jealous.”

“You could go back to school and do it V.”

“Been there, done that. I’ll tell you all about it one day. Now, let’s get some food and I’ll show you how all girls should sit in a fast food joint.”



We went in and stood at one of the big ordering screens. I let Willow do all the touch screen ordering whilst I looked around to take-in the layout of the place and who was in there. As we were stood there four workmen came in and were staring at Willow and her top that barely covered her naked butt and pussy.

“You’ve got some admirers Willow.” I said.

She turned and looked at the workmen then smiled at them. Then she said,

“They were looking at you as well V; your dress is as short as mine and you do look like my slightly older sister.”

I put my arm round her shoulder and pulled her to me; in the process pulling her ‘dress’ up a little to give the guys a look at more of her butt.

“Hurry up Willow,” I said, “I want to pick a table where we can flash those guys.”

“How do you know that they’ll sit at a table where we can do that V?”

“Men are so predictable Willow; the way that they looked at you I just know which table that they’ll sit at, especially if we sit at the table that I’ve picked.”


Willow finished our order and I handed her my credit card. Once we got the receipt I ushered her to the table and the seats that I’d picked.

It was a table out in the main seating area but 2 of the seats on one side were missing. That meant that anyone sat at the table opposite the 2 seats that were still there, would have an unrestricted view of our bare legs up to our waists; especially if we sat lazily.
 
“Just sit there with your legs uncrossed and your knees together Willow.” I said.

“But that will mean that those men won’t be able to see my pussy.”

“Willow, one thing that you need to know is that the tease is a major part of flashing. Let them anticipate you making a mistake and accidentally flashing your pussy. You’re getting all tingly and wet anticipating them sitting at that table and looking at you aren’t you?”

“Yes, of course.”

“And it’s the same for them; they’ll get hard just looking at your legs and hoping that you’ll accidentally open them.”

“I won’t ‘accidentally’ open my legs; I’ll deliberately open them.”

“And just before you do, lie back in your seat so that it’s not just your bald pubes that they’ll see then open them quickly then close them a few times just to tease them some more.”

“Yes V.”


The men did come and sit where I expected them, well almost; they sat at 2 tables so that they all could stare at us whilst they ate. And yes, both Willow and I teased them something rotten. 

As we sat there with our legs closed Willow said,

“This is torture V. I just want to spread my legs and let them look at me.”

“Patience Willow. Wait until Jon tortures you by taking you to the edge of an orgasm then backs off over and over. It will drive you crazy.”

“And keep your back straight Willow; posture is important. Watch their faces.” I whispered.

“I’d rather watch their cocks.” 


After most of our burgers were gone I whispered to Willow to tell her to get lazy with how she sat. She managed 2 quick flashes before her knees stayed wide apart. 

All four men had grins on their faces.


We finished our food then sat there pretending to finish our drinks, whispering, and letting the cool air blow around our pussies. 

It was ages before the men finally finished their food then I whispered,

“We’re leaving now, but when you stand up, bend over with your back to them to pick up your bags. Take your time; it’s difficult to pick up all those bags isn’t it?”

“Err yes V.”


And that’s what we both did, giving the men one last look at our butts and slippery wet pussies.

As we started walking I said,

“Bye boys; the toilet’s down at the end if you’ve got something that you need to take care of.”


Two giggling girls with wet pussies left McDonalds.



We did some more shopping with us both getting naked in the changing rooms and flashing some of the other shoppers. I went out into the main part of one shop totally naked to get a different sized dress. A young couple saw me and so did one of the staff. She shook her head sideways as if to say ‘you shouldn’t be out here like that,’ but she had a big grin on her face as she watched me. Willow was jealous so I told her that she could do the same in the next shop that we went into.

And she did. I went with her, just in case, and she wouldn’t go back into the changing room until a man had seen her. A girl older than her stared at her all the time and she came over to me and said,

“She’s hot isn’t she?”

“Hot. If you go and try something on I’ll ask her to play with her pussy for you to watch.”

“What?”

“Go and get naked and she’ll play with her pussy for you to watch.”

Just then a youngish couple came to that part of the store and the man saw Willow; and she saw him. She smiled and stared back for a few seconds before turning and walking back to the changing room.

The changing cubicle that we were using was obvious because all the bags and clothes all over the place and as we walked in to it I saw the lone girl voyeur in the cubicle opposite pulling her jeans down. 

“Play with your pussy for your admirer Willow.” I said.

“What? Oh yes.” She replied as she looked the way that I was nodding.

Within seconds the 2 naked teens were enjoying a mutual masturbation session. Willow was the first to cum, closely followed by the other girl; who seconds later got a pang of guilt and quickly got dressed and left; leaving her knickers on the floor.

“That was nice Willow.” I said when we were alone again. “Did you ever do that with that Riley girl?”

“Yes; but we got caught just before we came and we had to do a runner. Will you make yourself cum while I watch V?”

“Any time that you want Willow; I’m not at all shy.”

“That’s what I figured.”

“Well not right now, we’ve got more shops to visit. Then we’ll go home and start shopping online. I know a couple of sites that we can get you some see-through sleeveless leotards and swimming costumes.”

“I don’t want any bras or bikini tops.”

“You’ll like the ones that I’m thinking of.”


One of the other shops that we went in to was a lingerie shop and we both left with a couple of see-through nighties that we can wear as dresses.



We walked back to the car with our arms full of bags. The wind was still around and this time all Willow did when our ‘dresses’ went up above our waists was to giggle and look around to see who was looking at her. Unfortunately, only one oldish man was watching and I told Willow that we’d made his day.

“That’s what Riley said when we flashed old men on the underground.”

“So mature for your age.” I said, “I can see that you’re going to have a lot of fun. I wish that I was your age again.”

“You can have the same fun as well V. After all, you’re my slightly older sister now.”

“You’re putting ideas in my head little one.”

“Ha, you call me little but if you take those heels off V you’re only a couple of centimetres taller than me.”

“Okay wise guy.”


We got home just before Jon, and while I got some food ready Jon got Willow to model everything that we’d bought. When Willow was taking the clothes upstairs Jon came into the kitchen and said,

“She’s so like you V; I’m going to have trouble keeping my hands off her.”

“Why bother resisting Master, she’s got the maturity of someone 10 years older than she is.”

“And the body that you had, just about still have, when you moved in with me.”

“She called me her older sister today.”

“Yes, I can see people coming to that conclusion.”


After some food, Willow and I spent about 3 hours on the internet, ordering lots of clothes and toys that can’t be bought on the high street. We found a remote control vibrator that is really ‘remote’ controlled. It can be controlled by a mobile phone app so anyone anywhere in the world can control it. Together with Face Time messaging someone at the other side of the world can make you cum and watch you cumming.

The only err ‘interesting’ thing about them is that they have a pink tail about 5 centimetres long, that stays outside your vagina. It’s flexible so you can sit on it without hurting yourself.

“It’ll be great letting people see your pussy with that sticking out of it.” Willow said.

We ordered two.


“If all this lot arrives before you find a school for me, can I open the door for the delivery guy please V?” Willow asked.


The next couple of days were spent with more clothes, material and teenage girl’s essentials shopping; and me teaching Willow how to sow so that she could modify her clothes to reveal as much as she wanted; and her trying on all her modified clothes; and most of mine in the evening for Jon.

She also talked me into taking her into the punishment room and showing her some of the equipment in there. I wouldn’t let her try anything, telling her that Jon’s approval would be needed.

After that visit Willow got me to go online and other some handcuffs, a ball gag and a collar for her. She wanted everything to be pink.



We took Willow to see the doctor that Jon hand I use on the Thursday evening. It’s a 30 minute drive away but I knew that it would be worth it. The doctor is very sexist and I suspect that he would like all girls to be his slaves.

As we drove there, Jon turned to Willow and told her that we were going to be with her all the time and that no one was going to hurt her.

“It’s a doctor that we’re going to see isn’t it? I’m only going to get put on the pill. Doctors don’t hurt people; do they?”

“No Willow.” I said, “no one will hurt you.”

I turned to Jon and gave him a quizzical look. He just smiled.


The doctor’s surgery was all locked-up when we got there and Jon had to phone him to let us in. It wasn’t the doctor that I was expecting.

After a couple of words with Jon, the doctor turned to Willow and me and said,

“Right you two; get naked NOW.”

I, of course, started unfastening my dress without question, but Willow hesitated for a couple of seconds until she saw me stripping; then she too got naked. Of course it only took seconds but we were still outside in the open. Cars were driving by but I didn’t see any pedestrians as he held the door open and told us to go inside.

We were led to a largish room that had an examination couch and a gynaecologist’s chair. I looked at Willow and saw that she looked a bit apprehensive. I smiled at her to try to reassure her.

The doctor turned to Jon and said,

“I take it that the young one is the one that needs the contraceptive.”

Jon nodded.

“Right girl;” the doctor said to Willow; “Up on that chair and lift your feet into those stirrups.”

Willow did as commanded then looked a little worried as the doctor opened a bag and got out some leather straps. He then strapped her arms and legs to the chair leaving her pussy spread wide open. He turned to me and said,

On the couch girl.

Within 2 or 3 minutes I too was strapped down, spread eagled and wondering what he was going to do to me.


“I see from your notes that you haven’t visited a doctor for over a year; it’s best that I give you a decent check-up before I start on the girl. She can watch so that she knows what to expect when it’s her turn.”

I looked at Jon then Willow. Jon was stood next to Willow and smiling. Willow was holding his hand and looking a little nervous. I looked around the room and saw four cameras looking down at Willow and me. I wondered what, where, and whom the video streams were going to. 


The doctor then mauled both my tits like doctors do when feeling for lumps, but then he started playing with my nipples; which were, of course, rock hard by then.

After both hurting me a little and making me moan with the pleasure, he smiled then moved down to press on different parts of my abdomen before sliding a finger along my very wet, hairless slit.

I watched him smile then heard him say,

“You were right Jon, she’s really enjoying this. She’s wetter than any other woman I’ve examined.”

“Willow is as well. Her lips are swollen and wet; and that’s before you’ve touched her doctor.” Jon said.

“I’ll get to her in a minute, but first I need to finish this one off. She appears to be in good health, you must have trained her well.”

“He does.” I replied.

The doctor looked at me with an expression that told me that he didn’t expect me to speak. I decided to play along with him.

It wasn’t long before a speculum was inserted into my vagina and he was shining a torch inside me.

“Good, good; it all looks good in there.” He said before pulling the speculum out of me without reducing its spread.

“Sexual response time.” The doctor said just before he started rubbing my clit.

Of course, it was only a few seconds before I was cumming and my body was jerking about as much as the restraints would allow. Only he didn’t stop rubbing and added finger fucking me to keep me up there.

The orgasm finally subsided but the doctor kept going until I peaked, then exploded again.

As the second orgasm subsided, with his hands still busy working on my pussy, I heard him ask Jon if I could manage a third orgasm. 

“And more.” Jon replied.

The doctor worked on my pussy for the few seconds that it took me to cum again.

“I think that that will do. She does look like she can give a lot more if I continued. Maybe I could enter her in the club’s number of orgasms in 15 minutes challenge Jon. You should consider it Jon; she’ll make a great contestant.

“You’ll have to tell me more about this club sometime. Do they allow under-age members? I have another pussy to take into consideration these days.” Jon replied.

“Yes, they do, we have a number of girls in the Junior’s section. Now let’s see if this girl is a potential member.”

The doctor turned to Willow and said,

“Relax sweetie. You’ve seen what I just did to Vanessa, are you happy for me to do the same to you?”

“Fuck yes.” Willow replied; “I’ve never cum 3 times in a row before.”

Both Jon and the doctor smiled as the doctor stepped over to Willow.


“Right girl, I understand that this is your first gynaecological examination. Not to worry; you’ll leave here looking forward to you next one. But before I start I need to ask you a few questions.”

He proceeded to ask her a few questions about her general health and when Willow told him that she used to be in her old school’s gymnastics team he appeared to skip a few questions about her agility.

“Now, about your sexual activity girl; have you had sexual intercourse?

“Not with a penis, I’m hoping that Jon will put that right soon.”

“You’ve masturbated and used dildos then?”

“Yes.”

“How often?”

“Two or 3 times a day before I moved up here a few days ago.”

“Have you put other objects in there?”

“Yes.”

“All clean I trust.”

“Yes, I washed the vegetables before using them.”

“Good. What about vibrators?”

“Yes, when I could borrow them but I’m getting some of my own now.”

“And did all these vegetables and vibrators make you orgasm?”

“Yes.”

“I’ll need to see that happen later. But I’ll start the examination with your breasts.”

As he groped her he explained what he was doing and told her that she should do it to herself at least once a month.

Willow just managed to say,

“Only once a month?” before she gasped as the doctor pulled on both her nipples.

Willow moaned as the doctor rolled, twisted and flicked her nipples.

“That was nice.” She said when he stopped.


As I lay there watching, and noting that my arousal was rising again, I realised that it was the first time that I’d got a good look at her pussy when she is aroused. I was pleased to see that she has very little labia minora and a large, for her age, clit sticking out between her labia, the hood not completely covering it. I could see that she was going to get a lot of pleasure from that pussy.

Previously when I had looked at her pussy she had not been aroused and her pussy is just a slit, a seam or a line, call it what you like, and her clit is hidden inside.

Her moaning started again as the doctor’s hands worked their way down to her stomach then her pussy.

“So much fluid for a young girl.” The doctor said as he lifted his hand up to show us. “I can see that we won’t be needing the K-Y jelly.”

I smiled and thought,

“Good girl.”


Willow couldn’t hold back her first orgasm and came just as the speculum touched her vagina.

“Hmm; that doesn’t happen very often.”  The doctor said as he easily slid the whole length of the speculum inside Willow; even though her little body was trying to writhe and jerk about.


Willow’s expression changed to disappointment as the speculum slid out of her, but it soon changed as one of the doctor’s fingers found her clit.
 
As he started rubbing Willow’s little clit it was only seconds before she moaned then started jerking about as much as her restraints would allow.


Two more orgasms later, the doctor removed his hands and turned and said,

“An amazing libido for a girl so young. It looks like you’ve got yourself a real winner here. I’ll definitely give you the club details Jon, this one will beat the pants off the other girls in the Junior’s section.”

“I don’t wear pants.” Willow said.

All 3 adults turned to face her and smiled.


“Right,” the doctor said as he started to unfasten the restraints, “I’m quite happy prescribe the contraceptive for the girl. We don’t want her to get pregnant for at least 20 years do we?”

“I don’t ever want to have a baby.” Willow said.

The doctor smiled then replied,

“You may change that opinion later in your life.”

“I doubt it.” Willow said.


Willow and I stood and watched the doctor write the prescription for Willow then he put out his right hand for Jon to shake it. As they shook hands the doctor said,

“I’ll text you the club details Jon. These 2 will be a great asset to the club.”

“I’ll think about it.” Jon replied.


As the doctor started leading us to the door to leave both Willow and I picked up our dresses and started to put them on.

“Not yet girls; let’s see how many people are outside first.”

“I’m going to be naked on the street?” Willow asked.


We were, but as the car park was right next to the surgery I don’t think that anyone saw us.



“Where did you find him and what’s this club that he mentioned?” I asked Jon as the car started moving.

“Our doctor recommended him; he thought that you might appreciate a different pair of male hands on you.”

I smiled at Jon and said,

“And this club?”

“I don’t know; it’s the first I’ve heard of it. When I get his text I’ll do some research. It may be fun watching you 2 cumming in front of lots of people.”

“Please Jon,” Willow said, “I want to cum in front of lots of people.”

“Maybe little one; we’ll see.”