The Worst Day of Angie's Life
by Cake

WARNING: EXTREME CONTENT

The final bell rang, and Angie packed her textbooks into her locker. The day was over. She took one last look at the building where she'd spent the last seven hours before starting the walk home. It had been an easy year so far except for Anna and Bailey constantly pestering her. The two of them liked to team up on Angie since she was the not only the shyest girl in class, but perhaps also the smartest. They could easily strong arm Angie into doing their homework for them. Or so that was until after months of putting up with them, Angie finally told the teacher about what was going on, and he promised to do something about it. Well today was the first day that Anna and Bailey didn't talk to her, instead they just glared from afar, which reassured her that they wouldn't be a problem anymore. No more than thirty seconds into her walk home, she was suddenly grabbed from behind by none other than the two girls she snitched on a day ago.

"Hey! What are you doing?" Angie complained as she tried to get away from them. They were surprisingly strong for their size. Anna held onto Angie's arms tightly, while Bailey pulled both her wrists together behind her back. Angie gasped, "What is your problem?!"
"You're going to pay," Anna said menacingly.

Angie struggled against her captors, but they were too strong. "Pay for what? What are you doing?!"

They had no intention of explaining themselves, as they quickly pushed her down to the ground. They knew once the teacher talked to them after school yesterday that Angie ratted them out. Ever since then they had been planning an epic revenge, one that would be a million times worse than what Angie did.

"Don't worry Angie," Bailey said, tying her wrists together with a thin white rope, "We'll make sure nothing bad happens to you." With Angie's hands tied, Bailey could easily hold her down while Anna yanked her yoga pants down to her knees, exposing Angie's tight black panties.

"Wait! Stop!" Angie yelled as Anna pulled her underwear down as well, showing them her pussy. It looked absolutely delicious, with thick lips wrapped around a pink clit. Anna's eyes grew wide seeing the quiet girl's bald pussy, and quickly finished ripping Angie's bottoms off, until the only piece of clothes she had from the waist down was her light pink ankle socks. Anna and Bailey watched in awe as Angie continued to struggle. "Stop! I'm sorry!" She begged, "Please let me go!" Angie's face was bright red, and tears were welling in her eyes. She had never been so exposed before in her life.

Anna giggled, "Ooh, so nice and smooth. Now let's get the rest off."

"Oh god..." Angie whimpered as she heard their comments. Bailey grabbed the neck of Angie's sweater, and stretched it until the fabric tore, exposing the smooth pale skin of her back, and red bra straps. "No!" Angie screamed, as her sweater was ripped off her.

"Shh...," Anna said. She grabbed Angie's bra strap, and broke the clasps, ripping them apart. Then she slid the bra out from under Angie's chest, leaving her completely naked.

"I can't believe this is happening to me," Angie thought. She was stripped naked so quickly that she could barely fight back at all. "Why are you doing this?" She asked.

"Well, you decided to rat us out to the teacher, so we think you should pay the consequences," Anna said. The two of them pulled Angie up by her long black hair, forcing her to her feet. School had just gotten out not that long ago, and they weren't far from the building. Angie was shaking with fear at the thought of anyone from class coming this way and seeing her.

"Please! Let me go! Please don't do this!"

"Haha, you got a nice body, Angie," Anna said, groping Angie's c cup breasts. "Why don't we show it off a little bit?"

"No! Don't touch me!" Angie cried.

Bailey laughed, "We should show all the boys back at school what a slut you really are. We should give them a good show." Anna turned Angie around, and pushed her towards the school. With her privates exposed and hands tied behind her back, Angie squirmed and tried to fight it, but couldn't stop them from bringing her back onto school property where many students were still lingering. Angie was terrified thinking about how much trouble she could get into, and if any teachers saw her she would be expelled for sure, or even arrested for indecent exposure. But most importantly, she wanted to save herself from being exposed to everyone from school.

"Nooooooo!!!" Angie wailed as Anna and Bailey pushed her closer to the school, making her walk towards everyone, unable to cover herself. Her face was bright red as she approached a group of boys with her body on display.

"Hey guys! Look at this slut!" Anna called out to some kids that were hanging around outside the school. A couple of boys came over and stopped right beside her, staring at her naked body. Angie was absolutely mortified as they gawked at her nudity despite how obvious it was that Anna and Bailey were forcing her to do this.

"Wooowww!" One boy gasped, as he looked over her body.

"Yeah man, she's hot," another one said.

Another boy raised his voice, "What a tease!" Angie started to cry, as she felt like all these people were laughing at her.

"Please! Just let me go! I'm sorry!!" Her face was flush red, contrasting her dark hair and otherwise pale skin.

"She's a real slut," Anna said. "That's why she deserves to get punished." She reached over and fondled Angie's breasts. "Look at her tits, guys! Who wants to feel 'em?"

"Me! Me!" A kid called out, and several other kids joined in. Angie went lightheaded as a few boys started running their hands over her chest, squeezing her boobs, and rubbing her stomach. She was breathing heavily, and her pussy began to get damp as the boys fondled her. It wasn't long before she felt a warm hand touching her butt, and she gasped when someone touched her pussy.

"Man, she has a great body!" Another guy said.

"Yeah, she's a fucking hottie!"

"Let me touch it!" One kid said.

Several kids started to touch Angie's ass and pussy, feeling her soft skin, and poking her sensitive areas. Some of the boys stuck their fingers inside her pussy while others rubbed her bare ass. She cried out as she felt all those hands exploring her naked body, and several people played with her pussy, stimulating her clit. Her legs began to shake as everyone toying with her rubbed harder, and faster, sending waves of pleasure through her body. As they continued to play with her, she started to moan and cry, unable to control herself, the embarrassment of being used in public was driving her crazy.

"What a slut," Anna said. "She loves all the attention." A large crowd had formed around Angie, all eager to touch her body and join in on her humiliation. Some of the boys pulled her hair while others pinched her erect nipples, grabbing her hard flesh, and pulling it. Angie was panting as she was forced to endure all the stimulation. One guy gently wrapped his hand around her neck, and she couldn't hold back any more. "Ahhhhhhh.. Oh god.." She whispered as she climaxed, cumming all over their hands, and down her legs. Several kids cheered as she lost her mind, and started to squirt her juices out.

"Fuck!" One of the boys exclaimed.

"Holy shit! That's hot!"

"Do it again!"

"Yeah, keep going!"

Angie's pussy twitched and leaked cum as she orgasmed. No one could believe the disgraceful sight in front of them was for real. The usually quiet girl who sits in the back of class was naked, and cumming for them all to see. Her body became theirs to play with. She was covered with her own cum, and looked utterly helpless as she continued to squirt while they didn’t let up.

"She looks like she's loving it."

"Are you kidding me? This is the hottest thing ever!"

The guys were playing with Angie, making her cum repeatedly, and covering her body with her juices. She was a mess. There was cum everywhere between her legs, and all over her thighs. Her legs could no longer support her, and she was just being held up by the crowd of horny guys. "Oh god..." She thought to herself, the shame of everything that was happening was overwhelming. She knew that she'd always be known as a slut after this, and that no one would soon forget what they saw. "Oh god..." She cried out, as she climaxed yet again.

"That's it! Do it! Make her cum!" Someone shouted.

"God damn! She's a squirter! She squirted all over the place!"

"Squirt! Squirt! Squeeeerrrrrtttteeeeerrrrrr!!!!"

Angie shook violently as she had another orgasm, crying out loud. "AHHHHHH! AHHHHHH! AHHHHHHHH! AAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!" She screamed loudly, as she climaxed one last time before collapsing on the ground, completely exhausted. Her pussy was still sensitive, and she kept feeling waves of pleasure even as everyone laughed at her degradation. "Oh god..." She thought to herself, "This isn't happening." She was humiliated beyond belief, unable to believe all this happened to her and there was no way out in sight.

"Wow! Look at you," Anna said, as she bent down to Angie's face. Angie was covered in her own cum, and felt dirty, and ashamed. "You are such a slut, Angie. You love getting fingered by everyone." She looked down at Angie's pussy, which was still leaking cum. "You're a total whore."

Angie's eyes were full of tears as she listened to them talk. "A-anyone here, please help me!" She cried out. "I just want to go home..."

"Help yourself, Angie," Anna said. "We know you enjoyed it, so don't pretend that you didn't." Angie's heart sank. She was trapped, and completely powerless against the pair of bullies who made her do all this. All these people were watching her get degraded, and every time she looked up she realized again that everyone was enjoying it. She was a complete spectacle, and this was the beginning of the end of her life at this high school. Everyone who saw her would remember this day, and forever associate her name with the word slut. Anna peeled off Angie's socks, and threw them as far as she could. After grabbing a handful of Angie's long black hair, she yanked her back to her feet, and said, "If you want to go home so bad then start walking, bitch!"

Angie's legs were still weak after climaxing, and she could barely stand up, but after Bailey smacked her on the ass she began walking. It seemed as though they were gonna let her leave, but she only took one step towards her house before Bailey grabbed her and forced her to turn around.

"Go that way!" Bailey yelled, turning Angie towards the school. "Don't make me tell you again!"

"But.." Angie whimpered, as everyone pushed her towards the door. "No.. Don't make me go in there like this," she said, as she tried to resist.

"Shut up! Shut up!" Anna yelled. "Just do as you're told, stupid slut!" Angie sobbed, not wanting to face her tormentors, knowing that they were going to humiliate her more than she already was. She walked up to the front doors, everyone following behind her, and stood there, waiting for someone to open it. "You can go home now," Anna said, "But you have to leave out the back exit!" Angie tried to plead with them, but Bailey wouldn't hear it. "You're going in there naked, slut! And you're not allowed back out this door either!" Anna opened the door, and dragged Angie inside.

"If you don't want to be seen then I suggest you run, bitch!" Anna taunted. Angie was shaking with embarrassment, but reluctantly started walking down the hall.

The halls of the school were still busy with students, all of whom were now turning their attention towards the nude girl with her hands tied behind her back. She was petrified thinking about how many people had seen her nakedness already, and how many more were gonna see her shortly. She could barely find the courage to move forward until Bailey slapped her ass again and yelled, "Faster!"

"I thought you didn't want people to see you," Anna laughed. Angie was too embarrassed to speak, her mind was racing as she walked naked through the halls. "Run, bitch! Go!" Angie started to pick up the pace through the halls. She couldn't bear to look anyone in the eyes as she quickly moved past them. Everyone's head turned as Angie walked past, presenting her body to them all. It was mortifying to know that all her classmates were gonna see her like this. She began running as the crowd cheered her on through the halls, following not far behind her.

"Run, Angie!" A boy yelled.

"Is she a streaker?" Someone asked as she whizzed by. Angie ran faster, her heart racing.

"Keep running!"

She felt like she was being chased, but knew that she would never outrun all these people. She was in a panic as she ran through the halls she was so familiar with. She recognized countless people from class, and knew they all recognized her as well. She was never gonna want to show her face in this town after this. Soon she was at the back door, and she slammed into it with her shoulder, pushing it open, and stepping outside into the parking lot. Once again she found herself outdoors, with the sun touching her pale skin where it never had before today. She took a moment to swallow her pride, and accept that she had no choice but to keep running, especially once she saw the wave of people following her out the back door. Anna and Bailey were nowhere in sight, but getting fingered by all those horny guys again was the last thing she wanted. She did her best to ignore the stares, and focused on moving as fast as she could to end this dilemma.

"Come on, slut!" A group of guys yelled. "Run faster!"

"Look at that ass bounce!"

Angie couldn't go any faster with her arms tied behind her back, but she was trying her best to make it back to where she was stripped naked. Hopefully then she could finally get dressed. Angie sobbed as everyone followed her, laughing at her. Her heart was pounding as she ran, and she was gasping for air. She felt like she was gonna collapse from exhaustion. Her entire body ached as she struggled to keep running, and she could hardly breathe.

"Woo! Go, Angie!" A boy cheered, as she passed him.

"Is she an exhibitionist" Another one said.

"She's streaking all the way home," some guy responded.

Angie was humiliated beyond belief, but she kept running until she was finally back to where Anna and Bailey first attacked. She turned the corner, and was deflated to see that all her clothes were gone except for her black panties that had been placed right in the middle of the sidewalk as if they were on display at a store. Angie was panting, tired from all the running, but at the very least she could have her underwear back. She crouched down next to her undies, and picked them up with her bound hands. Getting them on was gonna be tough, but it was better than nothing. That is until one boy ran up and snatched her panties out of her hands.

"Hey!" Angie said, breathing heavily. "Give that back!" The boy held up her panties to the crowd as if it were a trophy, causing them all to cheer.

"You don't need these," he said. "If you want to flash everyone then you gotta fully commit to it!"

She could hardly believe they were acting as if she wanted to do this, calling her a slut and an exhibitionist, and then stealing her panties so she wouldn't be left with even an ounce of dignity. Angie looked around as she was surrounded by people pointing and laughing at her. She looked down at her body, the humiliation was so intense that she was having a hard time seeing straight. Her legs were sticky with cum, her nipples were stiff, and her pussy was still sensitive. One of the guys reached out and cupped her breasts, squeezing them gently. Angie flinched, and looked at him in fear. More people began to touch her shoulders and back, and Angie was paralyzed from the embarrassment. They quickly pushed her onto her knees, and then held her head to the ground, with her butt in the air.

"There she goes," someone said. "Looks like she's enjoying this."

"Yeah, she looks real hot like that," a guy agreed.

Angie sobbed as she felt them spread her butt cheeks apart. She knew what was coming, but her spirit to resist had been completely broken. She completely submitted to them as she got ready to be disgraced again. They took turns sliding their fingers inside her pussy, while she moaned in shame.

"Oh god... Oh god..." Angie gasped.

"Doesn't she feel good?"

"Fuck, man! She's so wet!"

"She loves it. God damn! This bitch is a freak!"

One of the men pulled his finger out of her pussy, and pressed it against her asshole. Angie squirmed in agony, and bit her lip as he penetrated her ass to the amusement of the crowd. He slid his finger in and out of her ass as others finger fucked her pussy.

"Oooh! What a slut!"

"She's taking it so well!"

"What a dirty bitch!"

Angie was horrified that they were treating her like this in public, and she couldn't bring herself to fight the orgasm boiling inside her. She screamed in pleasure as they pumped their fingers into her cunt over and over again. Her mind was racing as she desperately fought the urge to cum. She looked around the crowd of her classmates watching her, and she was mortified that they were witnessing everything. As another orgasm swept through her body, she screamed louder than ever before.

"Oh! Oh my god!" Angie cried out. The crowd roared with laughter as they continued to finger her. She lost control, and her body shook with the force of her orgasm as more cum leaked from her pussy.

"Did she just piss herself?"

"She squirted from that?"

The men kept fucking her ass and pussy while she squirmed, until she couldn't take it anymore. She begged for mercy as the crowd watched her cum so violently.

"Please... Please stop..." Her cries were drowned out by the cheers of the people surrounding her.

"What a whore!"

"Did she just cum?" "They started to pull their fingers out of her holes as her orgasm subsided, taking a good look at their handy work.

"See? She loves it!"

The men smirked as they watched Angie's body shake from the aftershocks of her orgasm.

"How does it feel to know every single person in this school knows you're a filthy little whore?"

“We all saw how much you love being fucked in the ass!"

Angie was overwhelmed with shame and humiliation as she continued to sob. She couldn't get back to her feet with her body trembling uncontrollably, and cum dribbling from her pussy. She felt weak and vulnerable, and she knew that there was nothing she could do to defend herself against them. She was totally at their mercy.

"Are you gonna get up?" A guy said, "Or do you need a spanking?" Angie didn't even respond, she wasn't even paying attention to what he said. She was trying to just catch her breath, now lying flat on her stomach on the paved sidewalk. Everyone stayed gathered around her, watching her try to recover from the harsh punishment they just gave her. She closed her eyes, and took deep breaths, trying to gather her thoughts, but the break didn't last long for her as her butt was suddenly given a sharp slap. Angie winced as her ass jiggled, and then was slapped again, causing her to let out a small groan.

"Do we have a naughty girl?" A girl said, "Should I give her some discipline?"

A chorus of voices cheered, egging her on.

"Smack her ass!!"

She started swatting Angie's butt over and over again, making her cry out in pain. She tried to cover her ass with her hands but they were forced away so the spanking could continue.
"ah.." She squeaked out after each hit landed on her rear end.


"You like that, don't you?" She was so embarrassed and ashamed that she didn't even put up a fight, she simply laid there letting them abuse her. Everyone smacked her ass repeatedly until her cheeks were bright red.

"Serves you right!"

"Good girl, you're such a nasty slut!"

Angie was sobbing from the humiliation of it all, and the pain radiating through her butt. By the time they were done spanking her, Angie's butt was glowing red and burned horribly.

"That should teach you not to be such a slut," the girl said. "Now stand up!" Angie stood up, crying and shaking as she wobbled to her feet. The whole crowd cheered to see her boobs once again as she arched her back, and tried not to fall over. "Run home, slut!" She commanded.

Angie stumbled forward, and began walking slowly towards her house, no longer concerned about how exposed she was. It didn't matter if anyone saw her now because she had already been thoroughly disgraced. It was still nearly a mile walk until she was home, and everyone watched her bruised ass bounce with each step along the way. She felt like she was going to collapse, and she couldn't even think straight as they continued to jeer at her from afar.

"What happened to your panties?"

"Show us them titties!"

Angie was beyond mortified as she streaked through her neighborhood, but was relieved when the last of the crowd stopped following her. The rest of the walk home was almost peaceful, especially compared to the hell she just endured. Still, she never imagined she'd end up naked like this, passing by her neighbors houses until she was finally home. She grabbed a kitchen knife before darting to her bedroom and managing to avoid her parents. She tried to cut her hands free once she was in her room, but it was difficult with the quality of the rope and tightness of the knot. Even when she was alone in her room, the humiliation didn't stop as it took almost an hour for her to slice through the rope, and she almost cut herself on many occasions. The rope left deep red marks on her wrists, and she looked at herself in the mirror. She was covered in dried cum and sweat. Her hair was matted and messy, and her makeup had run down her face. Her feet were dirty from walking outside, she felt disgusting. She went into the bathroom and cleaned up, staying in the shower for another hour. She got dressed into her favorite pajamas, curled up in bed exhausted from the worst day of her life, and cried herself to sleep.

