Coffee Daddy - Mf, implied incest

She was an unbelievably sexy woman, and much too young for me. "How can a girl just past 19 possess such an amazing sexual self assurance?" I asked myself as she ground her ass into my throbbing cock. We'd just stepped through the door into my apartment when she'd abruptly stopped in front of me, causing me to gently bump into her.

"Sorry," I murmured, genuinely surprised. I was about to take a step back when I felt her press back against me. As her back arched just so, a low moan escaped my lips and a wicked smile crossed hers. She put her arms in front of her, bracing herself against the wall and pushed back even harder.

Reaching out, I ran a hand up her back to the small of her neck, where I tightened my grip. We'd only fucked a few times at this point, but it was enough that I was getting to know what she liked, and she loved to be physically controlled like this. I took my other hand and ran it down her back, stopping at the waist where I grabbed her hip firmly.

By this point I was beginning to get hard, and I held her in place while I slowly ground myself into her amazing backside. At this moment I happened to look over in the dim light of the hallway to see our images reflected in the long mirror hung on a door just a few feet away. Her, a 5'5" waif with a slim waist, petite features, and the perfect long brown hair arching her back into a masculine 6'4" man who was obviously about to have his way with this delicate little thing.

I was a recently divorced 36 year old... and was absolutely loving every minute of fucking this little minx. We'd met in our neighborhood coffee shop. Having similar schedules, we would see each other at the same time almost every day. Eventually we became friendly. Eventually I made her laugh. And eventually she came home with me.

On this night, as I let go of her neck long enough to reach down and pull up the hem of her oh-so-short and cute vintage dress, I thought I heard her murmur something under her breath that almost caused my cock to burst. I could swear she'd said "fuck me Daddy".

Oh shit! What a goddamn scorching hot turn on! Feeling bold, I leaned in as my hand closed upon her panty-free ass cheek, my finger-tips finding the warm wetness of the inside of her thigh and just barely grazing the outside of her cunt. I held it there, gently tightening my grip as I leaned closer, my lips a few inches from the back of her head.

"Don't worry baby, Daddy will take care of you tonight."

Her response was immediate and definitive: As a long low sigh of arousal escaped her body, she completely gave herself to me, leaning back into my arms and putting her full weight against me. If it weren't for my hand cupping her ass she'd have fallen completely to the ground. As it was, I wrapped my free arm around her waist so I could drop my pants with the other... my cock sprang free and I quickly, roughly sank what was certainly the biggest erection of my life in to the wettest cunt I had ever felt.

As I pressed her up against the wall and fucked her from behind she was quivering all over, shaking and quietly moaning "yes daddy, yes..." under her breath. I fucked her deep and hard. Slowly and deliberately at first, I gradually built up speed over the course of a few minutes and then, as she was getting louder in her exaltations, I abruptly began to fuck her very, very hard.

I'm a big man. At 6'4", 220 pounds with long arms, broad shoulders and a hairy chest, I've got a lot of energy I can (and love!) to put into fucking the right woman. Unfortunately, the combination of a large cock and wanting to deeply and roughly fuck a woman was too much for most ladies. Not so with her, not so. And lord was I in heaven!

It wasn't long before she came, gushing all over my rock hard cock and dripping onto the hardwoods below. I held her there for just a moment, completely buried deep inside her perfect cunt, each of us panting up against the other.

Not wanting to miss the moment, I pulled out of her without warning, picked her up by the waist and carried her a few feet the the living room. Gently setting her on the couch I knelt in front of her as she looked up at me adoringly, almost pleadingly. I watched her expression change as I sank into her go from pleading, to wanting, to absolute wanton slut. It didn't take long for me to come of course, and I exploded inside her just as she leaned back, looked me in the eye and said "oh goooood.... your cock feels so good inside me Daddy..."

Turns out, as I was to find out later, her sexual assurance came from a very interesting place. But that, of course, is another story altogether!

