
 Gretchen had joined the Jungmadlbund at ten, been a main girl guide of the League of German Girls since fourteen and now, a week since her eighteenth birthday, finally accepted into the Faith and Beauty organisation, where she intended to study art and clothes design. Friday evening that she was patiently sitting on the wooden stool in the kitchen, lazily playing with her long blonde plaited pigtails, listening to her brother, who was home on leave, tell tales of his adventures in France.  Their
Mother was at the stove baking and the kitchen was warm with the aroma of pastries. 

"Are the French girls pretty?" asked Gretchen.
"Yes very.  But not as nice as German girls."  Geert replied, sat at the table thumbing through a copy of Der Angriff, enjoying the attention he was receiving from his younger sister. 

How so? Gretchen was curious, she found French girls rather exotic.

Well, for one thing, their skin is not as pure.He said, his eye drifting toward the naked skin of her thighs, which her short grey skirt barely covered.

Really? She seemed incredulous.



Suddenly rising from his chair and  just as suddenly sinking to his knees in front of her, his hands wrapped around each of her legs, gripping her white ankle socks he began to kiss the warm flesh of her thin legs. 

Gretchen laughed, "That tickles!".

 "I have missed you so much little sister." he said forlornly.


"Such smooth skin." He said, dreamlike and carried on gently kissing the warm, soft flesh of her teen thigh, his face nuzzling in, her legs slightly parting as he enjoyed her inner thigh. He could smell the scent of her panties and looking up could see a flash of white. 

He turned his head and look towards his mother at the stove, who looked down on them  both with a satisfied grin. The aroma from his sisters panties now becoming pungent to him, an erotic aroma that poisoned his senses.
 
"Mother.  I have a strange urge." he said 

"My son, you have been long atwar.  A pure German girl like your sister is bound to arouse your Aryan urges and Gretchen knows it's her duty to serve the warriors of the Reich.Satisfy your urges and quench them my son." His mother replied

  Now with his mothers permission, he lifted Gretchen from the stool and sat her on the kitchen table,he parted her legs at the knees and sat down on the chair, his sister in front of him, legs spread, like a delicious
meal.Pulling her forward he plunged his face under her skirt and buried his face into the rapidly moistening panties, the smell of her young vagina sending him wild.  He peeled them off her and enjoyed a hearty meal of her blonde wet pussy, sliding his tongue in the groove of her lips, tasting her sweet hole.He couldn't control his lust for her no longer and the chair
fell backwards as he unloosened his trousers and released his aching cock,stiff,throbbing and angry.Both mother and and daughter taken aback at
how stiff and erect it was,a cock starved of pussy and balls full of frustrated tension.


He ripped open her white blouse,the buttons flying in all directions.Violently tearing her bra,exposing her soft fleshy breasts, pushing her back against the table he attacked her erect nipples with his mouth, she held the material of her panties open as his cock easily slid into her gaping,moist vagina.His mother watched on as he pumped Gretchen mercilessly with his weapon of flesh, admiring his athletic, muscular thighs as they strained, bent and arched,forcing his cock up into her blonde cunt.Gretchen was now in a wanton orgasm,soaking the wooden table with her juicy cum,she screamed with pleasure.His groans, as he cum, sent shivers down his mothers spine, the relief and ecstasy at emptying his balls was plain.He lay prostrate in between his sisters legs, his face buried into her tiny breasts.  Gretchen stroked his head,soothing him.  "We will take care of you my son.We have a whole week and I promise you, you will enjoy it." 

