My name is Elise. I'm a 24 year old Trans woman, roughly 170 cm with medium long brunette hair. I have been on Hormone replacement therapy for a while now, and some of my features have started to become more feminine. My face is softer and more rounded, my weight is shifting to my butt, away from my belly and I've grown some itty bitty titties, just below a B cup hopefully in a couple months they grow out a little more so that my dresses look a little fuller.
It was Saturday night and after a long week of working in retail, I think I deserved a night off on the town with my friends to blow off a little steam, and that's what I did.
I was in the heart of the city, or at least the gay heart of the city where the LGBTQIA+ clubs are, not that theres many to begin with. A few friends and I came to the "Unicorns lounge," where we drink and dance and not worry about our troubles.
Sitting in a booth with a tequila sunrise in my hand, I discussed with my friends how things are going, mostly the usual stuff, then Monique pipes up and asks if there's anyone special in my life, and when she means 'someone special' she means am I fucking anyone.
Quickly brushing it off I denied her any more information.
"So no girls then? Well what about any boys?" Monique prys further
"No, no one right now." Hoping to quickly get off the subject
"Well what about toys? I've got a few great ones at home, some even have names that I scream all night long!"
The girls and I start laughing. Mostly out of awkwardness as I started to blush really heavily.
"Our drinks are almost done, why don't we go to another club, I heard that 'The Palace Theatre' has a really good DJ playing tonight." Julia said as she downed the rest of her drink.
"Oh that sounds awesome!" Lets go." Ally said, finishing her drink as well.
"Well I guess so?" I said following suit.
Following the girls, we headed a few blocks away, passing all sorts of people, mostly drunk, some cat calling us, some giving us evil eyes and one that wanted to sell us drugs. Monique was kinda interested but we pulled her away before anything bad could happen.
One more block to go and it started to get really cold outside. I made a bad decision to wear a short length of dress, every time the wind blows, even just a little it somehow got up into my dress and through my panties. Then suddenly I got this feeling. All the drinks that I drank tonight rushed right down into my bladder all at once.
We made it to the back of the line for The Palace Theatre, and I wasn't sure that I'd be able to make it into the club in time. If I was a boy I'd quickly sneak into the alley and pee behind a dumpster, but with a dress on and heels I'm not sure that would be the best of ideas.
Across the street there is another club. It looks a little worn down and kinda sketchy. A small neon light reads "Darkstar," flickering on and off at random intervals, sometimes getting brighter when it comes back on.
Looking at the doorway there seems to be no line, just a bouncer there to stop minors and people under the influence. Looking back at the line here I figured I calculated that I could make it into the Darkstar, pee and be back in line with my friends before it even moves an inch.
Deciding that I'd resort to this, I told my friends that I'd be right back, and darted across the street to the door of the club.
Before I could step up into the club, the bouncer held out his arm and requested my ID. After pulling out my drivers license, he looks it up and down, then looks me up and down, just a little longer than what was necessary which made me a bit nervous.
"I just need to use the bathroom, and the drivers license may look a little strange, the photo was taken before I transitioned." I quickly juttered in
"OK, well looks fine to me, but before you go in, put this on, just so you don't get mixed into the wrong crowd here."
He pulls out a little black choker, spreads it out and holds it above my head for me to put it through. After getting it on, it lays secured on my neck and the bouncer extends his hand towards the door ushering me in.
"Bathrooms on the left after you go on through."
Upon seeing the club, it was not at all what I was expecting. It was dark, red lights lit areas and others were under bad lamp lights. The bar's counter top was worn down and had many holes in it, and some hooks and rings attached at various places.
The booths had no centre table instead a small coffee table separating the two couches, curtain rods, with some booths opened and some booths closed.
The dance floor had a myriad of people upon it, with some shirtless, others with daring leather and others with collars and chains. I was starting to think that this was a bad idea.
Spotting what looked like the toilets I headed for them quickly so that I may relieve myself. Passing through the door I came across another 2 doors. 1 with Master written another with Mistress. Seeing the writing, I was starting to put 2 and 2 together and realised this was a fetish club, devoted to the sexual nature of Domination.
Entering the bathroom, I discovered it wasn't as bad as I thought. It was clean, there was enough privacy and had a lot of room to move about in. I moved into the empty stall and emptied what felt like the Indian ocean going through me all at once.
After cleaning up I went to wash my hands, to find that I wasn't the only one here, but what made me freeze was that the girl standing next to me was from the same highschool, and graduated the same year.
I wasn't even sure she'd recognized me, but then she spoke,
"Fancy seeing you here! I love the dress by the way, looks really nice on you." Giving me a wink as she checked me up and down before she gave a sly grin.
Before I could even answer she put her hands on my back, just above my waist.
"So what brings you here, you don't seem like the type to come to this place." She continued.
"I ... ah .. uhh." Still stunned I started to rub the back of my neck.
"I'm Georgia, in case you forgot. We didn't have many classes together and I was ... well off in my own world." She giggles
"And you go by the name Elise now right?"
"Yeah, how did you know?" Feeling less nervous upon hearing my name, I was able to get the words out.
"The bouncers my boyfriend, he's the one that gave you the choker. Sent me a message to see if I could find you."
"Oh, OK. Well why did you want to find me?"
"Well, he wasn't sure but he thought he had seen you before, I came to find out. And he was right! But I'd never thought I'd see the day you walk through those doors and in a sexy little dress no less."
"Wait who's your boyfriend?" I interjected
"Oh, Anthony. Anthony Falkner. You remember him from school right?"
"Oh yeah, he liked to hang around the skater guys. He stopped me getting beat up a few times. Never really got to thank him for that."
"Yeah that's him. He's big and strong all right. And a huge softy it turns out."
Running my fingers around my neck again, I asked about the choker.
"Oh, Anthony and I like to mark our territory so to speak. We put it on people that we want, so they don't get mixed in with the wrong people. There are some really sadistic bitches here tonight and some like to play really rough."
"What do you mean exactly, what is this place?"
"Darkstar. It's a club where people come to live out their desires and fulfil their dreams in a way. From bondage and exhibition, to total submission and domination. Subs come to find their masters and mistresses, and they find their subs."
Not being ready for that kind of answer, I wanted to ask many more questions, like what she was, master or sub, or what other people here were like. If she is hired by the club. But before I could speak again, she pulled me in close and pushed me against the bathroom sink counter.
"So tell me, What do you desire?"
I looked around for any excuse to leave, but to no avail. Georgia ran her hands around my body,inspecting each little crevice of my dress. Going in and out of each little hole she could put her fingers, finally resting her hands behind my head and behind my neck, she moved in for a kiss, pulling me closer as she did it.
The kiss, while short, lasted what felt an eternity. It has been a long time since I'd done anything with anyone else and I was definitely out of practice. But Georgia looks like she doesn't mind at all, in fact she looks like she wants more.
Georgia's mouth curling up, giving me a very Cheshire cat look, as if she was craving me, desiring me. She licked her lips before leaning in once more.
The kiss turned into 2, then 3 and 4. She then moved down onto my neck, exploring every inch with her tongue and lips. My breathing gets heavy and I lay my hands on Georgia for the first time. She has soft skin and the clothes are soft and warm to the touch.
Using her mouth, she pulled at the choker and it flicked back onto my neck, startling me as she pulled away.
"Since you haven't taken this off yet. I guess you're mine and Anthony's for tonight." She said as she smirked.
I didn't know what to say. I just nodded. It all felt too good. It had been too long and I was liking what was going on here.
Grabbing my hand she led me out of the bathroom and through the crowded floor, my mind ignoring all the lewd, and possibly illegal things taking place and focused on Georgia and how hot she looked in her black strappy outfit. It's ever a wonder how I thought she was ever a sub.
We walked through some more doors to what looks like a living room, but was told it's a staff break room, with an old couch, fridge, and a massive flatscreen TV mounted to the wall, playing some fetish porn with all the chains and whips.
She sat us down on the couch, pulled out her phone, and texted someone. Her phone gave a little buzz, informing her that she had been responded to, when she read aloud the message,
"I finish in a bit, when my shift ends we will go home with our new toy ;)."
"Toy?"
"Oh I think he likes you. Well why don't we make the best of the time while we're here. I'll make us a couple of drinks and then we'll wait patiently." Adding a wink of her own as she hops up and heads to the bar in the breakroom and pulls out 2 glasses and some various liquors, making a concoction that I've never seen before.
Time passes by quite fast, with help of the drinks, Anthony arrives and we head out. In the car ride, I quickly text my friends that I'd gone home, after drinking a little too much, and to stay safe. I got responses of various coherence, Monique texted a thumbs up with some hearts, Julia sent, "ok you too babe xoxo,' and Ally who was clearly having a good night, sent 'found some ass? Yeah you go girl xx.'
Anthony's driving was smooth, but I only noticed that when I wasn't making out with Georgia. Arriving at their apartment, we left the car and went inside. It wasn't a huge apartment but it was definitely homy. Pictures lay around of relatives and family, with occasional pieces of pop culture. A great big sword hanging in the hallway, which led to other rooms.
Anthony sat on the couch, with Georgia right next to him. I was nervous even though I had a few drinks in me. Georgia got up and took my purse, and laid it on the kitchen counter. She moved towards me with such a sexy, provocative strut, kissed me while using her hands to pull up my dress and pull down my panties.
Moving with such a grace she got right down to my ankles and beckoned me to step out of them. She took a good look at my black lace panties. She smiled and said 'sexy' before handing them to Anthony who agreed while hanging onto them.
Looking hungry for more, she slid up my dress to reveal my cleanly shaved penis and scrotum.
"Ooooooo" she said while gawking at my junk.
"Look how clean she is! I'm impressed how clean you are. Got into every crook and cranny around here."
"You're going to have some fun!" Anthony said, not sure if it was directed at me or Georgia.
Georgia smiled back and then looked towards my penis. Grabbing it with a gentle grip she pointed the head towards her mouth then took me in.
I wasn't hard before with all the teasing and rubbing on the car ride her, but I was now. Something about getting a blowjob by an amazing woman while her boyfriend watches us is surreal. It's more intense and almost overwhelming to be in this situation right now, than any of the other times I've had sex.
Amazing would be an understatement to what i feel right now, Georgia is playing me like a fiddle and producing the most beautiful symphony.
Adding to the pleasure she dropped a little bit of her drool onto her hand and rubbed it against my anus, she then took her middle finger and slowly slid into my ass. Moving cautiously she slid in and out doing deeper and deeper into my ass, pressing against my freshly enema'd cavity finding the prostate and giving it a little tease.
It wasn't long until I was breathing deeply as the pleasure continued to build. Intense feelings came rushing over me as I began to moan aloud, tapping my hand onto Georgia's shoulder, I let her know I was about to cum.
Looking directly into my eyes as the sperm entered her mouth, her eyes widened as the load had been really thick and there was a lot of it, as I could see some of it drip from her mouth onto her chin then dropping onto her clothes.
"Wow!" Exclaimed Anthony seeing it all unfold in front of him.
"Hahah, that was awesome!" said Georgia, wiping the drool and cum from her face.
Dumbfounded I stood there in shock, not being able to tell what was going around me.
"It's your turn now," Georgia pointed to me.
"On your knees for Anthony." Georgia demanded as she held onto my shoulders as she pushed me down.
She lifted my dress over my head, then gave me a pat on thebuttas I started to waddle my way over to Anthony.
Anthony had already gotten out of his pants and shirt leaving only his boxers. I haven't ever been with a man before and was really apprehensive about it. I considered myself a trans-lesbian as I only really pursued women, but something was alluring about Anthony.
He was a really great guy and always treated me well, he is very handsome, rugged and looks like he could be up almost anyone, but really is a huge softie inside.
Sliding up next to him, I laid my hands on his thighs, taking it one step at a time as I rubbed up and down his leg. As I get closer I feel more at ease, more willing, even a part of me really wants this, and is excited to see what lays beneath.
Grabbing a hold of his boxers I slowly slid them down, taking my time I watched as his penis sprung from the elastic and stood semi-erect.
Looking at his penis, I couldn't help but be in awe. It was nicely coloured, cleanly shaven with a little bush right above the base. It had a soft curve, it wasn't small, but it wasn't too big either, I can see how Georgia is so fond of Anthony.
Taking my hand Anthony places it on his penis, and begins to move it in an up and down motion. I follow the motion, feeling his penis harden in my hands, feeling responsible for how Anthony is reacting is making me flustered.
Anthony takes it a bit further resting his hand on the back of my neck and slowly pulling me towards his penis. Sheepishly I open my mouth and begin to suck on the head, taking it slowly I use my tongue to wet the skin, moving further down the shaft I take in more and more.
Building a rhythm I move up and down the shaft taking in as much as I can while moving my tongue so it becomes more pleasurable for him. After a while I go deeper, as far as I can until he's touching the back of my throat where it stays for a few seconds before I have to come back up for air.
Panting I drool a large amount of sticky saliva down my chin, seeing it I aimed it onto his penis, where I rubbed it in while moving my hands up and down on him.
Georgia appeared behind me, she was almost naked, except for some sexy lingerie that just perfectly accents her features. Laying her hands on my asscheecks and spreading them, she dived right in and started licking. Gripping my ass, she burrowed her way into me, making me feel weak at the knees with pleasure.
Anthony had seen my face turn red and gasp, it made him chuckle a little before he caressed my cheek, wanting me to return my attention to his needs.
Before I could wrap my mouth around him, Georgia stuck a finger into myholehard and fast. The shock made me moan just a little, then a little more as she picks up her rhythm.
Going down, I continue to moan, sucking on his penis as well as I can given the current distraction going on behind me.
I pick up my pace, going harder and faster and deeper, hoping to be pleasurable for Anthony. Meanwhile Georgia is doing the same to me, she's now gotten 2 fingers in and trying for a third, as my body is just swallowing them into me.
It became too much and I needed to catch my breath, and I started to feel the sensation to cum again. Halting just as I started to get somewhere, Georgia stood up and grabbed a leather collar and strapped it to my neck before I could even realise what had happened.
Feeling the tight restraint against my neck made me even more hot than before. The sudden power shift, going from equals to them having dominance over me was exhilarating.
Georgia grabbed my hand, stood me up, and started walking me to their bedroom. Each step I took, I felt another butterfly in my stomach.
Reaching the bed, Georgia spanked me on the ass and told me to get on and lie on my back. Sliding her thumbs into the sides of her panties, she slid them all the way down her legs and stepped onto the bed.
Kneeling all the way over to me, she pushed me down into the mattress and straddled my head, her pussy barely an inch away from my mouth.
"Lick me. Now!" Georgia said forcefully as she grabbed my hair and pulled me in close. Closing my eyes and leaning in, I opened my mouth and felt her soft lips touch mine.
Using my tongue I licked the first thing my tongue could touch. Getting a small reaction from Georgia I kept at it, moving my tongue in all directions over her soft pussy.
Finally I dived in on her clit, where she gasped, and began to breathe heavier. It seemed I was able to get her quite wet as she started soaking me in her juices and sweat.
Gripping my hair, she decided to grind on my face, moving her hips so fluidly. The pleasure mounts as she screws up her face and starts to moan. Her breathing stutters half moaning and half heavy breathing.
Stopping herself from cumming she stood up positioned herself over my penis cowgirl style and slid herself onto my penis.
Anthony having been tired of watching decided to climb onto the bed and get his penis sucked again.
Grabbing his penis with my hand, I directed into my mouth where I wrapped my tongue around it and worked it.
Feeling this new sensation of my penis in her pussy I gasped at how amazing it felt. Her pussy gripped onto my penis and worked every part of it. It mustn't have been long but I came for the second time that night.
I still worked Anthony's penis, stroking it with my hand while taking in as much as I can and using my tongue to pleasure him. Georgia stepped off me and moved around to my ass where she spread my cheeks and dived back into licking me.
Anthony took over grabbing my head and tilting it back slightly and thrusting slowly in. When he reached the back of my throat he began to fuck my mouth.
At first I didn't know what to expect, then my mouth filled with saliva and pre cum, turning me into a fuckdoll.
Sounds like slobbering and sloshing came out of my mouth. I felt slutty like a whore, but for some reason I loved it. Being used like that for someone else's pleasure and not my own felt liberating.  
"Is she ready?" Asked Anthony as he looked back at Georgia eating me out.
"Yes she is." Smiled Georgia as she looked up and gave a very sexual grin.
Anthony pulled out of my mouth, making sure that the wetness didn't drip anywhere and positioned himself behind me.
He told me to flip over and onto my knees with my head on the mattress, obeying him I flipped and stuck my ass out as much as I could, face on the mattress looking towards Georgia who looked on in excitement as Anthony lined up for penetration.
Smacking my ass a couple times, remarked how sexy I was, then grabbed his penis and placed pressure onto my ass. Slowly, the penis slid into my ass, gripped every inch, making Anthony and I moan. Once he reached balls deep, we both let our breaths out in relief, it was a tight squeeze and I don't think Anthony was expecting that.
Handing Anthony a bottle i felt a cold wet sensation drip down my crack above my anus. Anthony pulled out and the lube dripped onto his penis, taking his hand he lathered up himself and poked a finger into my anus, lubing it as well. For good measure he squeezed another dollop on and slid straight back into me with a bit more force than the first time.
Grabbing my hips he thrusted well and true, hitting the spots right where I was the most vulnerable. I couldn't help but moan each time he pulled out and pushed back into me, slapping his legs against mine as he trusted harder and harder.
Anthony started to breathe heavier and let out a moan every few thrusts. His penis started to throb, he quickly pulled out and pushed me down onto my stomach laying flat and came onto my back and ass.
Rope after rope dripped on me. It was thick and sticky, but also wet and slippery.
"Stay there, don't move." Anthony ordered me
Georgia giggled then I felt a light wet movement on my ass, Georgia was licking all the cum up from my back and ass!
After a few moments it was all cleaned up, "mmmmmmmmm!" Hummed Georgia as she swallowed the last of it.
Collapsing next to me Anthony put his arm around me, slowly but deeply breathing as he rests his eyes. I turned away so that I fit nicely as a small spoon with my ass against his groin, Georgia closed up on me and we all laid cuddling and resting.