[This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any erson, place 

or thing is strictly coincidental. Should not be read by persons under 

18. If it is, get a life. Porn is the way to go. lol. Enjoy.]


(C) Copyright 2008 M Saint



The sounds of the keyboard being used and tapped on livened up the 

rooms on both ends of the Instant Messenger conversation, between Lynne 

and Mark.


SweetGirl07: When can we meet?

GuessWho1974: We could meet anytime you like? I make myself available 

anytime you ask.

SweetGirl07: Okay, well, how about meeting me later around 6 o'clock?

GuessWho1974: Sure. Name the place.

SweetGirl07: Oh, I'm not good with places. Will you meet me at the 

park?

GuessWho1974: Which one?

SweetGirl07: Julian Park.

GuessWho1974: LOL. I can definitely do that.



An IM popped up interupting Lynne typing and she recognized it as 

Ralph. It read:


UrManAlways05: Hey?

SweetGirl07: What?

UrManAlways05: You want to hang out? Go see a movie or something? I 

psyched myself up for chick flicks. I'm prepared. lol.

SweetGirl07: Oh, umm, I'm sorry Ralph. I already made plans for 

tonight. Some other time though. Okay?

UrManAlways05: Sure. Yeah. It's fine.

SweetGirl07: You okay?

UrManAlways05: Oh. Yeah. Why wouldn't I be?

SweetGirl05: Okay, well I do have to go. I'll ttyl k?

UrManAlways05: Yeah.


Lynne clicked back to the previous IM with Mark, and he left a few 

messages.


GuessWho1974: U there?

GuessWho1974: Lynne?


She typed....


SweetGirl07: I'm here.


Lynne paused and thought of an excuse.


SweetGirl07: Sorry, I grabbed a soda from the fridge.

GuessWho1974: Okay. See you around 6 then? How will we know eachother?

SweetGirl07: I'll wear a scarf. Light blue. I'll be sitting on a bench 

by a tree near the middle of the park.

SweetGirl07: And you?

GuessWho1974: Okay. Brown jacket, and, a hat. A trucker hat. And 

scruffy jeans. LOL.

SweetGirl07: HeHe. Well, I'll see you at 6.

GuessWho1974: It's a date then.

SweetGirl07: HeHe, sure. Bye 4 now.

GuessWho1974: lol. I'll see you there.


Both windows closed, and Lynne jumped up to get ready. Sitting in the 

chair almost naked meant taking more time to get herself ready. She 

wore soft cotton white panties that wrapped gently against her lower 

hips. Her 42 D breasts looked sexy and free with no bra to support. She 

dropped her panties and prepared for a nice hot shower. The water felt 

hot, but sensual among her skin and she felt relaxed and ready to meet 

Mark.


-------------Meeting At The Park----------------


Lynne sat down on a bench near the center of the park, by a tree, 

exactly the spot she mentioned. She also wore her light blue scarf. 

Sitting there she looked around in circles to see if he was around. 

Looking at her watch, it read 5:54. A few minutes early, but better 

early than late. It was a little chilly out, but she wore warm jeans 

and a nice warm coat.

A woman walked towards Lynne. She looked young, maybe 19 or 20. Her 

dark hair blew in the wind. She wore a black tee over a gray long 

sleeved shirt. Her pants ripped dark jeans, and black boots underneath. 

She smiled and spoke to Lynne.

"Hey there. What's a girl like you doing sittin' here all by yourself?" 

She asked.

"I'm waiting for someone," Lynne answered.

The girl bit her lower lip and smiled more, taking in the sight of 

Lynne's body.

"My name's Juliana," she introduced herself.

"I'm Lynne." she responded.

"I saw you from way over there," Juliana said pointing at the bleachers 

near the baseball field," and I thought I would come to see how you 

were doing." she finished.

"I'm good, just, waiting on someone."

"I won't keep you then," Juliana spoke softly smiling. "But, if you 

ever need a friend, here's my number." Juliana reached for Lynne's arm, 

pulled out a pen and wrote down her number on Lynne's right wrist.

"Okay." Lynne said.

"For anything, please call me." Juliana said smiling and gave a wink. 

She got up and walked off.

Lynne watched her leave, until a voice spoke from behind her.

"Lynne?" A man's voice asked.

Lynne turned around. "Mark?" she answered.

"Wow, you look great. How are you?"

"I just...I'm great. I was a little nervous coming out here, and to be 

honest, you look alot better than I thought." She admitted.

"You look exactly how I thought you would," he too admitted.

Lynne blushed, and they began to walk around talking about different 

things, love life to family.

Lynne and Mark stopped where they were and looked in eachother's eyes. 

Their hands were holding eachothers, and they leaned in to share their 

first kiss.

They again looked into eachothers eyes, and started to walk together 

again.

"It's getting late, Lynne," Mark said. "You might say no, but, would 

you like to come back to my apartment and have a drink?"

Lynne thought about it. Her eyes met his again, and she said,"That 

would be nice, Mark."

They walked to his apartment, and the wind grew colder than it was 

before. The street lights shed a glow and leaves rustled.

"Here we are."

"Ooh, I'm so cold." Lynne said holding herself tight.

"The heat is just right," he said making her feel welcome.

His key slid in the slot and he turned it opening his door. He was 

right, the air was perfect. Warmed you up in no time without making you 

feel hot. Lynne smiled as he took her coat and scarf, and put them on 

the hook next to the door.

"I have beer, wine coolers, and liquors." Mark said, insisting on 

taking at least one shot.

giggling, Lynne said,"Okay, I'll have one shot. ONE shot of tequila." 

She finished giggling again. "And, a wine cooler too."

Mark went to the kitchen and poured 2 shots of tequila. One for him, 

and one for her. Then he grabbed a beer and a Wild Berry wine cooler, 

put all of them on a tray and served them in the living room. Lynne 

smiled. Mark sat next to Lynne, handed her the shot, and toasted her.

Tipping back the tequila shots until the glass felt hollow, Lynne 

stared into Mark's eyes feeling mezmerized. Mark opened the wine cooler 

for her and sat it in front of her for when she was ready to drink it.


------------------Later In The Night--------------------



Lynne tilted her head back and let the liquor slide down her throat. 

Tequila bottle in one hand, and shot glass in the other. Mark looked on 

at her and lifted his shot glass to be filled again and again with 

hers. He felt that if she was gonna drink alot, he was going to match.

Mark swallowed his shot, and grabbed a lime wedge to chew on. He sat 

back and opened his eyes to see Lynne's looking at him. "How do you 

feel?" He asked her.

"I feel a bit sloshed, mmhmm." she slurred. Her top unbuttoned some and 

her cleavage opened to view.

As Mark rest his head, Lynne jumped onto his lap and started to kiss 

his lips. He kissed her back and they held kisses for minutes on end. 

Lynne slid down between Mark's legs, and fumbled with his zipper trying 

to open them up. Mark unfastened quickly the rest of her shirt and 

reached around to unhook her bra. Lynne became overcome with lust and 

Mark could feel the intensity as she yanked his pants down to his knees 

and engulfed his semi erect penis into her mouth. 

"Get hard for me, Mark!" she begged, still slurring a bit. "Don't you 

want me? Get hard for me." She continued.

As Lynne kept sucking on his long member, it finally became hard inside 

her mouth. He moaned aloud as she stroked his cock fiercely with her 

hands pumping him wanting his thick semen to enter her awaiting mouth. 

His hands dug into the cushions.

Keeping Mark's cock inside her mouth, Lynne raised her ass end up and 

pulled off her pants and panties. Her shaved pussy dripping with hot 

cum. She raised up and leaned back onto the arm of the loveseat, 

spreading her legs and rubbing her clit. Mark licked his lips and 

stroked his erection ready to give in to his lusts for her body. As 

Mark kneeled halfway down, he let his dick glide into her fuckhole 

penetrating deep and pushing back hard to fill her up. Lynne wrapped 

her legs around Mark's lower back and he stroked in and out, in and out 

feeling the hot walls of her cunt swallowing and tightening at each 

thrust. He felt the contact of skin to skin as bodies smacked against 

eachother with force of pleasure and pain at the same time.

"Give it to me, baby!" Lynne screamed.

Mark slammed into her making Lynne scream louder and louder, surely 

waking the neighborhood. He grabbed her hands and held them down as he 

kept going, battering and ramming her cunt. She screamed more.

"Hurt me, hurt me! Fuck my pussy!" She demanded, as he kissed her mouth 

and gave few more hard thrusts before a jolt, and release of cum 

blasting inside her vaginal orifice. Mark lifted up a bit tapping her G 

spot and causing her to shake and shoot cum from her already sopping 

wet pussy.

They both finished and lay back naked together enjoying theirselves and 

relaxing.


--------------------Months Go By------------------------



Lynne and Mark have been dating and seeing eachother everyday since 

that first night they met. They both pleasured eachother and made sure 

the other was satisfied.

Lynne was sitting around on her couch reading a book. She loved novels 

of suspense and terror, and also the occasional romance.

Mark was soon to be over. He promised her candies, flowers and a 

surprise. She could hardly wait. He was her man, and she would just be 

happy to see him.

A little time went by without Mark showing up, or even a call to say he 

wouldn't make it. Lynne sat and drank her now cold cocoa. She was just 

getting up, when there was a rapid knock on the door. It made her jump, 

but she walked towards, and answered the door. She felt her heart sink 

deep into her stomach as just a few feet away stood an officer and a 

woman who Lynne instantly recognized as Mark's older sister.

"What happened?" Lynne said aloud as tears welled up into her eyes.

"I'm so sorry Lynne," Catherine, Mark's sister spoke. "Mark was walking 

along the side of the road. He had flowers in his hand and candies." 

Her eyes too began to gush tears. "He was struck by a drunk driver who 

lost control of his vehicle."

"Oh my God! No, it can't be!" Lynne screamed, bursting into tears.

"I'm so sorry." Catherine said as she held Lynne hugging her and 

calming her cries.

As Lynne and Catherine seperated, Catherine reached into her coat 

pocket and presented a small gray box. "Here Lynne. He had this with 

him."

Lynne took it, and opened it up, and inside sat an engagement ring. A 

beautifully cut diamond lay atop of white gold. It gleamed in the 

light, and was exactly what she hoped her engagement ring would be. 

Tears welled up in her eyes again. Catherine wiped them away with her 

right hand.

"Oh my, it's just so beautiful." Lynne said calming herself.


-----------------------The Funeral---------------------------



The service went on with family members chatting away and upset 

relatives showing up drunk. It wasn't too bad, and Lynne spoke to 

everyone, and was hugged by respectable members trying to show their 

sincerity. Lynne was happy for once. She knew that she had family even 

through the untimely departure of her young, loving boyfriend.

Lynne glanced over to the corner. Near flowers, cards, and 

notes....Ralph stood there holding his arms crossed. Lynne walked over 

to him.

"What are you doing here?" She asked.

"I used to work with Mark." He replied. "He was like my best friend."

"I'm sorry." Lynne said.

"No, it's okay. God called and he answered."

As the service ended, and they finally buried Mark below the earth, 

Ralph hugged and held onto Lynne so she was alright.

"Thank you, Ralph." Lynne said, giving him a sincere hug of thanks.

"Oh, it was nothing. I'm here for you if you ever need me." He returned 

with.

Lynne let go, and left the funeral. Ralph stood in the background 

watching her every step of the way. She disappeared into a crowd of 

people who were also leaving, and cars that were driving away.



-----------------------------Juliana-----------------------------



Lynne sat slumped backwards into her couch, and pulled out the number 

that the girl, Juliana, had given her. She made sure to write it down 

on paper before washing the original from her skin. She hesitated, not 

knowing what to say. She didn't really think Juliana would remember her 

all this time later. Lynne picked up the phone from it's place, and 

dialed the numbers making sure she pressed the right ones. The ling 

rang. Her hands shook lightly. A second ring. The other line answered.

"Hello." A girls voice responded.

"Juliana?" Lynne asked.

"Naw, man." the girl replied. "Juliana? Line." she called into the 

background.

"Hello?" Juliana's voice spoke.

"Uhh, hi. Remember me?" Lynne asked nervously.

Lynne was about to apologize and hang up her end, when Juliana 

answered. "Lynne, right?"

"Yeah."

"The girl from the park. Yeah, I remember you." She said.

"I lost my boyfriend," Lynne said beginning to cry.

"Hey, don't cry." Juliana said trying to comfort Lynne. "Look, you 

wanna meet me somewhere?" She asked Lynne.

"I, don't know." Lynne answered between sobs.

"Where do you live?" Juli asked. "Tell you what, I'll meet you in the 

same spot in the park we met the first time." Juli said, unsure if that 

would make Lynne cry more or say okay to.

Lynne stopped crying, and said, "Sure."

"Alright. Give me 15." Juli responded.

"Be there." Lynne answered.

They both hung up, and Lynne put her coat on. As she was ready to 

leave, an IM popped up on her screen.


UrManAlways05: Lynne?

UrManAlways05: I just wanted to see how you are doing.

Lynne looked at the screen, but decided she couldn't answer now. She 

turned back towards the door, and walked out heading towards the empty 

park. 



-----------------------Meeting Again At the Park--------------------




It was dark outside, being after nine. The street lights led the way, 

until it was time to walk towards the middle. There, in the center, no 

lights glowed, and anyone could be hidden waiting. Usually, there were 

drug dealers making a sale, prostitutes turning tricks to make their 

money, and even couples having sex. As Lynne neared the center, she saw 

Juliana, and a tall figure standing next to her. She wanted to turn 

around, but instead walked toward them.

"Hey." Juli spoke, taking a last hit from her cigarette before throwing 

it to the ground. "I hope you weren't scared, but, I brought my friend 

Bulldog with me."

Lynne looked at him slowly, and bulldog returned with a gentle smile. 

Lynne smiled back. "Why do they call you Bulldog?" She asked.

He leaned in, and still smiling said, "I just love to fight."

Lynne looked at him funny, but never lost her smile.

"Naw, that's not why." Juli said. "Look at his face. He looks like a 

Bulldog." She finished.

Lynne giggled.

"Plus he can't stop chasing the cat." Juli added. "But don't let any of 

that fool you. He really does love to fight."

"Oh," Lynne muttered.

"Don't worry, he's harmless."

Lynne, Juliana, and Bulldog walked back to Juli's place, talking about 

the past and everything they were going through recently. Lynne felt 

happy, and warm inside. A smile lit up her face as Juli told a few 

jokes.

The three neared a small building. It didn't look so bad, except for a 

few guys that hung around on the front steps.

"I'm up on the second floor." Juli said, turning towards Lynne.

"Okay." Lynne responded, feeling a little better than previously.

Bulldog said his goodbye's and walked over towards the small crowd of 

guys that were still by the steps. Lynne and Juli walked past them and 

made their way through the door. The hallway looked messy, but as Lynne 

thought, "At least there are no drunks passed out on the steps."

The two made their way up a small flight of steps and turned right 

coming to a white door that read 2B.

"Come on in, Lynne." Juli said as she pulled softly on Lynne's coat.

Inside the apartment, a couch sat back against a wall. The television 

on the opposite end, and a coffee table sat in between. Numerous 

initials were carved in the table. Across the room in the open kitchen 

stood two girls. One wore a black tee, and baggy jeans. Her hair black, 

with pink tips. She had a tattoo on her neck of her name. Angel. The 

other girl wore only a black bra, and short black gothic skirt. A large 

dragon tattoo ran up her side, and she held a piercing in her nose. He 

hair was dark purple. Juliana introduced them to Lynne.

"Lynne, this here is Angel. The other one here is Asia." Juliana 

introduced them as.

"Do you smoke?" Asia asked Lynne.

"I've never smoked a cigarette in my life." Lynne answered.

Angel held up a joint, and let Lynne see it.

"Oh, I don't know." Lynne responded.

"It's okay if you say no. We'll never make you do something you don't 

wanna do." Juli assured Lynne.

"Okay." Lynne answered.

The girls sat down on the couch, and Lynne sat in the middle.

"Do you want something to drink?" Asia asked Lynne, holding up a bottle 

of Jack Daniels.

Lynne grabbed the bottle and took a small gulp from it. The girls 

looked on, impressed, but being cautious.

Asia slipped the joint between her lips, and lit the tip as she 

inhaled, holding it in her lungs for a few seconds, and releasing it.

Lynne shyly stuck out her hand as the girls looked at her. Asia handed 

her the joint, and Lynne placed the butt in between her lips. She took 

a small drag, before coughing, and trying to catch her breath.

Angel grabbed the joint, as the girls calmed her and asked her if she 

was alright.

"Yeah, cough. I'm fine." Lynne said feeling dizzy, but really good 

inside.

Juliana held onto Lynne's side and pulled her close. Lynne felt 

relaxed, but noticed a feeling of need burning inside her body. She 

became warm, and closed her eyes.

"Lynne?" Juliana called to her.

"Yes?" Lynne answered still on cloud nine.

"Me and the girls wanted to know something." Juli said as she still 

held her close.

"Yes?" Lynne answered again.

"We wanted to know if you've ever been with a woman." Juli asked 

straight forward.

Lynne still held her eyes closed and said, "No."

The girls looked on not knowing what else to ask, when Lynne responded, 

"You can be my first."

As Juli moved and lay Lynne down on the couch, Lynne pushed her hand 

down her pants and began fingering her vagina. Angel and Asia looked at 

eachother and then back down at Lynne. Her eyes still closed, and her 

hand slipping in and out faster at each movement.

Juli leaned down and kissed Lynne on the mouth. Their tongues wiggled 

against each others. Angel and Asia instantly removed their clothes, 

and leaned down to remove Lynne's pants. Lynne helped them as she sat 

up and removed her top and bra. Lynne sucked the juices from her 

fingers as Angel leaned in to suck on her hard nipples. Her large, 

breasts hung like grapefruits, as Asia leaned in to suck on the 

opposite nipple.

Juli removed her clothes, removing her pants, and sliding her panties 

away off her hips. Her clean shaven pink slit visible to all, as Lynne 

grabbed onto Juli pulling her close. Juli sat loosely on Lynne's face, 

as she began to lick her middle, first slowly, then penetrating her 

with her tongue. Lynne's right hand slid back down, entering her hole 

as she pushed her fingers deep to fill her hot, dripping pussy. Asia 

dropped down between Lynne's legs and sucked on her lips. The taste was 

enough to make Asia cum herself. Lynne wiggled her tongue as she fucked 

Juli's cunt with her mouth.

"Uh, uh, uh!" Juli cooed as she came in Lynne's mouth. Asia moved her 

tongue fast against Lynne's clit as she finger fucked her hole making 

her move and moan. The built up sex inside Lynne caused her to burst, 

as a stream of cum shot straight out onto Asia's face.

"Oh, we have a shooter!" Asia said happily, as she licked the cum from 

her lips, wiping it with her fingers and massaging it into her own 

oozing pussy. Angel continued to suck hard on Lynne's nipple as she 

fingered herself.

The four licked eachother, penetrating each others holes and satisfying 

their sexual cravings. It was late, so Juli grabbed Lynne's hand to 

take her to bed. Angel and Asia continued to please eachother on the 

couch, lighting up another joint in between and taking swigs of Jack as 

they once again sucked each others slits dry before cumming again and 

again.

Inside the bedroom, the walls were covered with bands posters, and a 

computer sat in the corner. The bed was large and looked comfortable. 

Lynne fell back onto the bed, and said, "Fuck me!"

"Are you sure you want to go further?" She asked.

"Yes." Lynne answered, giggling and rubbing herself again.

Juli slid down Lynne's body, kissing her nipples and down her stomach. 

Her face nestled against Lynne's sopping wet pussy, and Juli slipped 

her tongue inside. Lynne's juices flowed and gushed out, causing Juli 

to lick up every bit as she filled her mouth with the taste of sweet 

and salty juices. Lynne felt her tits as Juli popped in and out of her, 

making her body tremble. Lynne's next orgasm caused her to shake 

uncontrollably as Juli struggled to keep and drink down each bit. The 

two collapsed next to eachother, hoping that after they catch their 

breath, they may do it again. Both of them passed out, and cuddled next 

to eachother like lovers embrace.



-------------------------The Next Morning-------------------------



As Lynne woke up, she noticed her clothes laying on the end of the bed. 

The other three were up, and already making themselves something to 

eat. Lynne slid out of bed, and put her clothes on. She walked towards 

the door and stepped into the living room. Juli greeted her. "Good 

morning." Juli kissed her forehead.

Lynne looked at her, and smiled.

"Look, about last night," Juli began to say.

"It's fine," Lynne answered. "I had a great time, so, don't apologize." 

She finished assuring Juli and the girls everything was just fine. "It 

took my mind off of things and you made me feel happy and welcome." She 

said still smiling. As she hugged Juli again, she said, "It's not 

something that I can do everyday."

Juliana had a look of sadness, but understanding across her face.

"I'll come back sometime, and I will keep in touch, but I hope you 

understand that my mind is set."

"I understand." Juli said as she and Lynne hugged each other tight. The 

other two girls joined in.

I have to go, but, here's my number." Lynne said as she grabbed a pen 

to write down her number. She grabbed hold of Juli's right arm, and 

wrote down her number on Juli's wrist.

Juli smiled, and again kissed Lynne's forehead. Lynne grabbed her 

cheeks gently and kissed Juli on the lips. "Thank you, again." She 

spoke.

Lynne turned around and stepped out the front door. The hallway was 

quiet, and as she walked down the stairs, Bulldog stood there by the 

exit.

"I just wanted to say bye and stuff." He said, as he gave Lynne a 

gentle hug. Lynne smiled and said goodbye. She walked outside and down 

the street. The sun was bright and she felt sadness float away. She 

made her way home.



-------------------------Back At Home----------------------------




As Lynne walked closer to her home, she noticed Ralph sitting on the 

front steps. His coat wrapped tightly around him.

"Oh my God, Ralph. What are you doing here?" She asked concerned and 

upset. "Have you been here all night?" She continued.

"Uh, yeah." He answered, looking around. "I know I shouldn't have 

stopped by and stuff," he said serious but goofishly, "but I didn't get 

a return IM. I didn't know what happened, and feared for your safety."

"That's so sweet, Ralph." She giggled. She invited him inside to warm 

up, and he followed her in. She made him some cocoa, and gave it to 

him. "It has marshmallows," She said.

"Thank you," He answered, smiling.

"Look, Ralph, I know why you are here." She said, straightforward.

"You do?" He replied.

"Yes." She answered. "I think I have always known. I have just been 

ignoring it for so long." She finished.

Ralph looked at her in surprise. He wanted to hear her say what he 

always hoped she would say.

"I love you, too, Ralph." She uttered. "You didn't ever have to say 

it." She said, looking him in his eyes.

"Oh, Lynne." I've wanted to be with you for so long. "I didn't know if 

you knew or not."

"I knew." She said. Lynne grabbed his hand and led him into her 

bedroom. "I want to give you something. You can't say no." She said, 

winking at him.

Ralph smiled, and understood. "I won't say no." He winked back.

Lynne led Ralph into her room, turning towards him and kissing his 

lips. As they kissed, she removed her coat. Ralph removed his, and they 

slowly took off their clothes while still connected. The passion was 

irresistable. The emotions were deep. Standing before each other they 

were both naked. The heat from their bodies filling the room, and they 

laid down cuddling and kissing.

"I want you, Ralph." Lynne spoke softly.

Ralph kissed down her body, inching his way to Lynne's middle. Her 

vagina throbing for him. She reached over to her drawer, and pulled out 

her vibrator. Turning it on, she gave it to Ralph. He took it, and 

began to rub it against her bare mound, and into her slit. He leaned it 

against her clit, then slid it inside her making her moan. She licked 

her lips as he pushed deep. His tongue probed her soft, wet pink 

center. She cooed and begged for more. The thrill of her new love made 

the feeling deeper and more intense. Her body shook and she had an 

orgasm, leaving Ralph to taste and clean up the juices overflowing from 

her pussy. Ralph filled his mouth with the sticky fluid.

Lynne lifted her body up and pushed him down onto the bed. Her mouth 

wrapped around Ralph's cock, and she sucked on him, rubing her hand up 

and down to help. His werection melted inside her mouth as she pushed 

him to the back of her throat, and gagged. Her lips tight, and her 

mouth hot and wet, she licked and sucked harder. The feeling ofhis 

flesh in her mouth was good, and it tickled her tongue. His tip tapped 

the top of her mouth, and he moaned loud. Harder and harder she bobbed 

her head up and down, jerking his dick with her fist. As she pushed his 

penis to the back of her throat again, he involuntary released  his 

sticky load into her mouth. Her head shot up an inch with such force, 

as she tried to contain the load from spilling out.

Licking the remains drizzling from his cock, she smiled up at him. Lust 

filled his body as he flipped her around in a doggy position and 

entered her slippery hole from the rear. Her moans grew as he dove deep 

inside her, pumping his cock harder into her.

"Uh, uh, uh, yeah. Keep going. Keep going." She moaned.

Ralph grabbed her hips and smacked her rear as he filled her up with 

his member. She screamed loud in pleasure as he shoved himself in 

harder. her ass began to redden from his stomach smacking into it. His 

rhythm was quick, and his pelvis slammed into her harder and harder. 

She moaned and cried out, "Fuck me! Fuck me with your big dick!"

Ralph turned her over and lay her down, leaning over her and reentering 

her vagina from the front. "I want to look in your eyes when I make 

love to you." He said, eyes sparkling.

"I, I love you Ralph." She cried, tears falling from her eyes.

"I love you too, Lynne." He answered, kissing her lips. She kissed him 

back, and their bodies wrapped together as Ralph kept a good rhythm. As 

they looked into each others eyes, Ralph gave in and shot his load into 

her waiting hole. He held her close as he emptied his balls off all he 

had. 

The wait was over for him, and they lay together covering themselves 

with a blanket. The day was theirs, and they fell asleep only to waken 

to a new life together.



[END]