Lisa's Dilemma 02.

Chapter two: Tuesday's detention.

Lisa woke from her recurring dream to find her cunt soaking wet and her nerves jangling with anticipation for the detention at four thirty that afternoon. The dream started as soon as she went to bed and laid her head on her pillow. She was surrounded by the seven students, all naked and waving their rock hard cocks at her. There was Ted ordering her to suck this cock and fuck that cock with her cunt or that one with her arse, all the time he was spanking her rock hard erect nipples with a riding crop. She came in her sleep some six times before her alarm woke her; her bedroom stank of stale sweat and pussy odour, in fact it smelt worse than a Turkish brothel. She casually slipped into her bathroom and under her shower when, she was disturbed by the front door bell; wrapping a large white fluffy towel around her she went to see who was at the door. Opening the front door just a fraction she saw Ted standing there, he immediately pushed his way inside and demanded she lose the towel. Willingly Lisa shed the towel allowing it to drop by her feet. Ted then stepped forward and felt her nipples already erect and hard thrusting against his toying fingers. 

She suddenly found herself begging for the chance to suck his cock, before she went to get ready for the day at school. Ted decided to have a little fun with his newfound sex toy and told her she could suck his cock only if she could suck her own nipple into her mouth and leave teeth marks upon it. Lisa had never tried or even thought of trying to suck her own nipple let alone biting it hard enough to leave teeth marks. No matter how hard she pulled her 36C breasts up towards her mouth she just could not get the nipple into her mouth enough to bite it, the nearest she could manage was to stick out her tongue and lick the nipple. By now Ted was laughing so hard at her antics as she desperately tried to bite her own nipple, he eventually had to tell her to stop as the tears rolled down his face.

He decided that despite her failure to carry out his wishes he would allow her to suck his cock but his devious mind flashed him another thought. He told her he would still allow her to suck him but only if she could withstand his thrashing of her arse with the riding crop he had seen the previous night. Lisa baulked at this idea especially knowing that she would need to be able to sit down at school for most of the day and still had to face the students in the detention later that day.

However her horny body won over her mind and she agreed, they both retired up to the bedroom where, Ted had her bent over her dressing table stool and set about her arse with the riding crop. The first few strokes were fairly gentle across her arse cheeks until they showed a glow about them, then he began in earnest, every second strike was aimed at either her pussy lips or her anal ring and caused Lisa to almost howl in pain. But she surprised herself because the more it hurt the closer she came to her orgasm. 

She was just about to cry enough when her orgasm broke with more force than a bursting dam and she actually squirted her cunt juice across the floor as she fought to control her breathing during her most powerful orgasm ever. She had heard of females that regularly squirted as they came but had never experienced it herself and was almost ashamed to have to admit, she was turned on so much from just a spanking with a riding crop. Ted then pulled his rock hard cock from his trousers and slowly began sliding it against her swollen inflamed and sensitive cunt lips, revelling in the pure white texture of his cock against her black ebony shiny skin.

Just as she got accustomed to his cock working between her cheeks he changed the angle of assault slightly and soon found the head of his cock now pushing against the burning sphincter muscle of her anal opening. A strong push and her anal ring gave way to the intrusion of his cock, in two quick thrusts he was buried up her shit chute to his balls and she again gave way to her climax as she screamed his name into her hands held tightly over her mouth. For the next twenty minutes Ted fucked her anal ring always slapping her arse as he reached the full extent of his with-drawl stroke. Finally he pulled fully out just as his cock spewed forth its load over her well spanked arse cheeks. He stood and allowed her to rub the load into her arse cheeks as he then forced his dirty cock with traces of his cum and her anal juices still clearly visible into her mouth. She eagerly sucked it clean for him and actually spent some time flicking just under his helmet with her tongue trying to get him hard enough again for him to fuck her panting cunt. 

Ted soon pulled away and redressed himself ordering her to now put on the clothes for school. He scrutinised her dressing making sure that blue teddy nightie was put on first and that she left off her bra and panties. He did insist she wear stockings and suspenders this time though. When she was appropriately dressed he made her select three sex toys and two vegetables to take with her whilst he himself packed away her riding crop, a leather paddle and a leather sixteen-braid tawse.

Then they drove together to school; just before he allowed her to depart he used one of her toys to heat up her cunt again but stopped well short of her orgasming, he instructed her to find him at break time for a further session with the toy and informed her that she would be teased at breaks and lunch times to make sure she was randy by the detention start. At the first break of the day she managed to find Ted in the storage room by the Gym and he soon had her bent over the vaulting horse in front of several of his mates, taking her vibrator up her arse and begging him for much more of it. The fellow students were egging Ted on to really make her take it all, but her told them to stop and wait and see what surprise he had for them this week end.

Lisa's heart both leapt and sank when she heard this, it leapt at the thought of her being used at the weekend, but sank at the thought of exactly what she may have to do to please Ted over the weekend. Despite these reservations she felt her cunt begin to juice up and her heart pounded in her chest as she neared her orgasm only to be denied at the final fence.

At Dinner time break a similar pattern developed with Lisa finding Ted on the sports field and she was bundled into the pavilion where she was made to strip off in front of six female students, who all flashed her their naked cunts and demanded she eat them out whilst Ted spanked her arse with the leather paddle. There was one Female student who like herself was Afro Caribbean in appearance only she had massive 44DD breast and a arse to match. Lisa feared having to lick her cunt as she wondered what would happen if she gave her an orgasm and she snapped her legs together trapping Lisa's head between them. 

Ted made her lick every female students cunt and then had them turn around and instructed Lisa to lick their anal rings clean. Lisa felt so humiliated to have to use her tongue as toilet tissue for these six females, and especially the large black student. One student as she was licking her anal ring actual thrust as though she was about to shit and filled Lisa's nose and mouth with a particularly pungent fart. The rest of the girls howled with laughter at Lisa's obvious discomfort.

All too soon the lunch break was over and Lisa again was left high and dry as far as an orgasm was concerned. Her frustration was now reaching fever pitch and she had to stop herself several times from picking arguments with fellow staff members and she actually felt sorry for any unwitting Student that had cause to cross her this afternoon as it seemed that her nerves where on a hair trigger mechanism. She even contemplated skiving off to the staff toilets to relieve her stress levels before she actually bit the head off someone this afternoon, but the constant thought of Ted finding out kept her from doing so.

She had managed to calm down by mid afternoon break only for Ted to re-stoke her fires in the empty dining hall where he had her fuck herself with the cucumber he provided her with. Again just as she was about to unleash her climax he stopped her and walked away with her toy laughing his head off, unbeknown to Lisa he had arranged for some of the students taking Media studies to use the schools video camera's to film her solo masturbation scenes, and later he intended to present her with a DVD of her actions, but that was not till later alone at her house where he would be able to watch in safety the reaction to her realising she was being filmed.

The last two periods of the day really dragged for Lisa, she was on constant edge in anticipation of what Ted had planned for her tonight and the fact that she had now been close to orgasming five times and been stopped on every single occasion, her frustration almost boiled over a couple of times and she had to take long deep breaths before dealing with some of the things which occurred that afternoon.

At long last, the detention bell sounded and she made her way to the classroom, when she entered she saw not only the seven students that were supposed to be there but also three of the six girls she had sucked at lunchtime and three students she did not immediately recognise. So the group had swelled to fourteen including herself. The student chairs formed a circle around her centrally place chair; Ted instructed her to enter the circle and raise her skirt before showing every one individually that she shaved her cunt and was not wearing any knickers. As she paraded her charms around the ring of students, several seized the opportunity to slip fingers into her soaking wet cunt and many even taunted her by calling her a wanton cum loving slut as they finger fucked her.

The girls in the circle were worse than the guys as they called her much worse names like whore and cunt Cumming bitch, one even threatened to make her drink her piss as the black bitch was only fit to use as a urinal and offered Lisa a sound thrashing if she so much as spilt a single drop of her urine. The guys hooted and hollered with glee at this. Ted ever present of the fringes of the circle actually contemplated letting this heavy weight white girl really carry out her threat, figuring it would be another excellent photo opportunity to degrade this black bitch of a teacher.

He finally decided to have a quiet word with the white girl and arrange for her to carry out the threat later when only the three of them would be present for now he had other plans for his 36C breasted sex toy. He called a halt to the proceedings and ordered Lisa to stand in the centre of the ring of students and one student produced a radio and began playing some music. Ted instructed Lisa to now perform a striptease for her audience and she better make it sexy and good as they audience would be voting as to how much punishment she would be receiving for her performance. The white girl smirked at hearing this and hinted she would be demanding excessive punishment for the teacher who had made her hold back a year two years ago. Lisa suddenly remembered the girl; she had missed two thirds of the year through unauthorised absences and had failed to get the grades necessary to progress.

She now feared the grudge this girl obviously held against her and wondered just how far she would want to take her revenge. Lisa began swaying to the music, trying her very best to put the thoughts of this girl out of her mind and achieve a sexy rapport with the rest of the group, hoping they would influence the outcome of her punishment. Slowly she revealed more of her black lithesome body and soon began to really get into the role of a stripper for her audience.

The music suddenly stopped as her last item of clothing hit the floor, this was of course her baby doll teddy, she now stood totally naked in front of thirteen young people and knew her fate was about to be revealed by the level of punishment she was about to receive. The white girl declared that her performance was crap and as sexy as watching paint dry. Two other guys declared that as rubbish her sexy dance was reasonable and her body was worth the lenient aspect.

Ted intervened by announcing that each person would select a toy to spank Lisa with and name the number of strokes she should receive, the toy with most votes and the average number of strokes would be the chosen method and amount Lisa will receive.

Four people voted for the ping-pong bat, five voted for the 10-inch paddle and four voted for the crop, so Ted announced the chosen toy was the paddle. The number of strokes proved a much wider range of choices ranging from 10 strokes to 260 strokes from the white girl. Lisa almost begged for that figure not to be included as the girl had an ulterior motive for her answer.

Ted decided that a fairer number of strokes would be five from each of those students present, he figured that five times thirteen would still represent sixty five strokes in total. He announced his decision much to the annoyance of the white girl and the relief of Lisa. The white girl had the last laugh though as she demanded that as nothing had been said about where Lisa was to take the strokes she demanded the right each student should choose the area of Lisa's body that was to receive the spanks. Ted had no choice but to agree to this request.

He handed the paddle to the white girl who announced she wanted to split her ten strokes with the first five being applied to Lisa's unprotected breasts. The second five she wanted to be the last to give them and they would be to Lisa's arse. Ted pointed out that the girl was allowed only five strokes but as a special favour to her he would allow her to use his five strokes. Sop he agreed and immediately began photographing the action.

Lisa was made to kneel with her hands behind her back and was warned that any attempt to cover her breasts or to shy away from the strokes would deem that stroke void and incur a double penalty. It was stressed that any void stroke would become two more to endure. Jenny (the aggressive white girl) stepped forward and to the right of Lisa, her first strike with the paddle was extremely hard and accurate as it landed straight on Lisa's erect nipple. Lisa screamed but held fast; the second just as hard hit her other nipple. Lisa endured the remaining three all equally as forcefully delivered with a modicum of bravery. The next guy stepped forward and demanded all five of his strokes be on Lisa's arse. 

Lisa was made to stand and bend over the chair in the centre of the circle and received all five moderately light spanks over her left and right cheeks. The next three students choose to apply their strokes to her arse and soon Lisa's arse was afire with the stinging burning sensation but her cunt was flooded with her free flowing juices. By the time that there were only the 5 remaining strokes from Jenny remaining, Lisa had already experienced three orgasms the first of which was so strong that every one present was fully aware that their captive teacher loved being spanked. Ted then announced he was added five more strokes to her total and he would deliver them himself.

Ted stepped forward and ordered Lisa to stand on her head, he then ordered two tall male students to take hold of her ankles and spread her legs, making sure they stood off to each side to avoid accidentally getting caught with the strokes. He then applied the first stroke directly on to Lisa's excited and swollen cunt lips, catching her clit as he did so; the reaction from Lisa was to immediately groan her next orgasm. Again on the fourth stroke her next orgasm broke and finally her seventh orgasm of the punishment hit her as Ted delivered his fifth and final stroke; Lisa's cunt juice was now bubbling out of her wide open cunt and was trickling down towards her tits. Jenny then stepped forward and taking the paddle from Ted, she walked slowly round behind Lisa and whacked her cunt lips with all the force she could muster, whack pause, whack Lisa orgasmed yet again, Whack, and almost with enough force to break the paddle Jenny laughed as she delivered her final soul shattering whack.

When the two students lowered Lisa's orgy wracked body to the floor they noticed the muscle twitches continued for a few minutes in her thigh muscles. Lisa's pubic area was wet and shiny from her abundant cunt juices, which had reached her lower ribs. Lisa had no energy or strength with which to stand and simply lay there panting like a bitch in heat.

Almost unnoticed by everyone present, the end of detention bell sounded and the few students that heard it filed from the room, leaving only Ted, Jenny and a prone Lisa. Ted asked Jenny if she still wanted to use Lisa's pain wracked body as a urinal and was pleased when he heard her reply "Oh fuck yeah! I have not been to the loo since morning break and could really do with going right now!"

Ted suggested they dress the bitch's body and take her to the playing fields where they could carry out that fun. When they dragged Lisa to her feet the suddenly found they could not find her blue teddy and realised that some one had taken it away with them as a souvenir. So they simply dressed her in her blouse and skirt and between them walked her out to the playing fields.

On the porch of the pavilion she was unceremonially deposited and Jenny hitched up her skirt and was about to pull her knickers to one side when she was stopped by Ted, who demanded she did it properly Jenny should remove her clothes and make Lisa suck her cunt before raising herself up and then pissing all over her face and mouth and he asked her to make sure she soaked Lisa's blouse. 

Jenny was so excited from what had previously happened that she eagerly agreed and soon stripped naked had Lisa's head between her spread thighs ordering Lisa to suck my cunt bitch. Ted stepped back and took the photograph's although unknown to Jenny he made sure to get her face in almost every shot, he realised this was too good an opportunity to miss and the pictures could just as easily be used to blackmail Jenny into doing Ted's bidding.

Jenny raised herself up and suddenly relaxed her bladder muscle cascading a stream of golden liquid over Lisa's face and upper body. Jenny even reached down through the streaming yellow piss pinched Lisa's nose causing her to open her mouth to breath and of course allowing the flood to fill her mouth. This brought howls of laughter from Jenny and a grunt of satisfaction from Ted.

Just before they all parted and Ted took Lisa home, he broke the news to Jenny that she would have to do as he demanded otherwise he would not hesitate in displaying her pictures on the school website; and of course a copy sent to her parents. Lisa allowed herself an inward smile as she realised that Jenny was trapped the same way she was. Jenny doubted the existence of the pictures but was soon reluctantly agreeing to whatever Ted wanted after seeing some of the digital pictures on his camera. Of course she could have deleted the pictures as she viewed the camera but Ted thinking ahead had told her that this model of camera automatically sent the images it took to a secure website address that only Ted had the password for.
