Caution--The following fiction contains scenes so vile, disconcerting and disgusting that it should not be read by anyone..Unless maybe those that move their lips while reading.  It could, however, be considered required reading for those over 119 years, believe they know what is best for others, have even flirted with the idea of joining the tea party or are homophobes, misogynistic, or racist.



(MMMMM/F  FFF/M extreme fist)

Sara and Me


You know how it is, you take your wife, girlfriend or whatever out for a nice relaxing evening and there's a bunch of screaming kids at the next table.  In our case we were eating on the terrace outside and at the next table were half a dozen men having a good time.  The problem was their good time bled over into our good time.  Besides loud they kept staring at Sara and making rude comments.  Now I can't blame them for staring for Sara is slim with full breasts, silky hair, style, and an aura that screams sex.  Perhaps I mis-judged them for as we were about to leave one of them came over with a couple of drinks and apologies for their behavior.  We thanked them, had the drinks, and left.  When we got to the parking lot I was feeling a little woozy.  I didn't think I had that much to drink but thought that maybe Sara should drive.  It was a very strange sensation, for when I turned to talk to Sara she wasn't next to me and I seemed to be moving in slow motion.  I saw her behind me, surrounded by the men from the table next to us, and when I started over there I wasn't sure if I was moving.  I could see and hear them, I just wasn't moving.  I felt fine, in fact pretty good, but it was as if my legs were not listening to my brain, I just stood there looking at them feeling slightly puzzled perhaps, but that was about all.

I watched as they escorted Sara to a van, then two of them came over to me and at their suggestion I willingly followed them and climbed into the vehicle with them.  We were all talking comfortably, they seemed like good people, my body seemed to be working fine, but it seemed that I just wasn't completely sure it was me.  It was almost as if I was viewing a movie, but that I could talk to the actors and walk into the scenes.  After a drive of some duration we arrived at a nice looking home, strolled in and were led to a large recreation area, very pleasant, very friendly.  We sat down and one of the men leaned forward and explained things to us.  Apparently they were going to have a party with Sara and that I would watch and enjoy.  This sounded fine with me and Sara seemed to like the idea.  As I settled back into my chair slow seductive music with a strong back beat filled the room.  Sara glided into the center of the room, swaying to the music.  Now Sara is not a flashy dresser, she had on a simple light dress that reached to just below the knees, but it draped beautifully over her full breasts, clinging across her waist to drop over her hips.  She does have a touch of the exhibitionist about her, is very enthusiastic about sex and is a bit of a size queen.  As she undulated across the floor she was sex personified.  She exuded a sheer raw sexuality that could be felt, that drew you to her to the exclusion of everything else.  It was her and the music and a palpable lust that almost pressed you back in the chair.

I was instantly aroused by her dance.  The skirt of her dress flicked back and forth as her hips ground out the slow beat, the restricted sway of her breasts stretching out the fabric only to bob back into position with her next movement.  Her hands caressed her body, sliding sensually up her sides, stroking over her chest to plunge down across her stomach, briefly molding her dress between her legs.  Her head was thrown back, her mouth open as the music grabbed her, directing her movements, drawing her hands up to cup her heavy breasts, lifting them, offering them to her audience.  She was lost in the music, enjoying her own performance as she drew up the hem of the dress, exposing her legs briefly then releasing her skirt to float back down.  Her hands were drawn more frequently to between her legs, pausing there now to give a slight caress before lifting her dress or returning to the stroking of her breasts.

The front of her dress was wrinkled and damp where she had pressed it into her crotch.  Noting how aroused she was only spurred me on.  Mentally I was ready to rip off my clothes and fuck her, but physically I could do nothing, my body refusing to obey its commands.  My arousal continued to grow as once again she lifted her dress, this time lifting it higher until her pubic mound was exposed, holding it bunched around her waist, letting us drink in the view of her damp panties.  Her hips rolled with the music, thrusting out with the beat, we could see that the material of her brief panties had split the lips of her pussy and they were protruding from either side of the buried fabric.  She twirled, exposing her ass to our panting gaze, bending at the waist to give a brief glimpse of her panties buried in her ass cleft.  My body was responding involuntarily, I was growing harder, but I had no control over my actions.  

Sara lifted the dress over her head and tossed it aside, still rocking her hips but now thrusting her ass at us, bending deeply, her hair spilling over her head, glancing at us between her spread legs.  Her dance was of pure sex and sensuality.  It was an all encompassing atmosphere of lust that wrapped us in desire and want.  She seemed to control us with her movements as we followed each motion with hungry eyes, begging her to allow us to take her.  She spun around as the tempo of the music increased, letting us see her bra encased breasts, the mounds of her full bosom bouncing inside their cups, threatening to spill out.  Grasping her panties above each hip she slowly pulled up on the sides, grinding her hips as she pulled the fabric tighter into her vulva, exposing more of her pussy.  Her body moving faster in its fluid motions as the beat speeded up, stretching her panties to the breaking point as she worked them hard against her vagina, her breasts jumping inside their restriction, her nipples making brief appearances as her boobs shook.

My focus was broken when I noticed movement among the other men.  Shirts were being unbuttoned, pants unzipped as the other men began to undress.  I was puzzled why I couldn't join them, but not really concerned, it was just not something that I was allowed to control.  Sara was cupping her breasts through her bra, the tops of her dark aureoles exposed, the nipples peeking out as she again offered them to the watching men.  Her dance had lost some of its abandon as she was now aware of the men as they undressed.  Her focus was more direct, she was dancing for them, no longer dancing to express the lust she alone was feeling inside herself.  I realized with a start that she, unlike me, had control over her actions, that she was doing this not because she had no choice, but because she wanted to.  Apparently whatever drug had been placed in our drinks, I had received a much stronger dosage.

As the men finished undressing, remaining standing after sliding off their clothes, she removed her bra, letting it drop away as her hands covered her heavy hanging breasts, the erect nipples peeping between her fingers.  She would mash her breasts into her chest, then lifting and holding them out, releasing them to sway under their own weight.  She began to dance closer to the men, her eyes lighting on each one as she took inventory of the gifts she was about to receive.  Most of the men were of average build, hung between six to seven inches.  Two however were extraordinary.  One guy, with jet black hair, had an incredible cock.  It was bobbing heavily, struggling to grow erect against its thick weight, arcing out from his abdomen about 14 inches, lowering to nearly touch his knee, then its two and a half inch width slowly rising as he moved.  It was a parody of a normal cock, thick veins extending down its length, visibly pumping blood to the great head, throbbing with energy, a bull of a cock that was going to penetrate where ever it wanted.  The other cock was even more unusual, hanging straight down, well past the knees, it had a smallish head, not much larger than an ordinary cock, but growing wider as it rose until it became a huge trunk four inches across.  The weight was such that the skin on either side of his cock stretched as it pulled his flesh down.  I watched transfixed as it continued to fill with blood, struggling against gravity and his seemingly puny body as it inched its way up from the vertical, moving in small incremental twitches as his heart pumped blood.  It slowly filled, becoming more erect.

Sara was totally absorbed by these two monsters.  Unconsciously she slid her panties off, unaware of her hand stroking herself between her legs as her eyes darted back and forth between the two, her face indicating her disbelief.  She continued to move with the music without realizing it, her previously graceful and sensual movements now a more awkward, jerking shuffle as she stroked herself, drawn inexorably towards these men who were going to violate her.  I was frightened of anybody's ability to take either of these two monsters, but Sara's face, body, movements, only reflected her lust, her desire to feel these great tools inside her.  The other men had gathered around her, fondling her, running their hands over her body, fingers penetrating her.  One man bent her over as she stood in front of the two giants, she reached out and grasped one in each hand, her fingers not even close to encircling them.  The man behind her, pushing her over, slid his cock into her dripping pussy, she didn't even notice.  She brought both of these cocks to her face, rubbing herself against them, mashing them into her face, rubbing herself back and forth against them, burying herself between them.  Her face was being jerked and scraped against the two dicks as the man behind her pumped into her cunt.  Another man lay down between her legs as the guy entering her from the rear withdrew, his cock shiny and dripping with her juices.  She was pressed to her knees, straddling the man stretched out, lowering herself onto his stiff cock, the one that had been fucking her dropping to his knees behind her, entering her anus.  She still seemed to be unaware that she was now being fucked in both holes, she could only bury her face in the great dicks she couldn't release, rubbing herself uncontrollably against them.

She would try and take one in her mouth occasionally but they were to wide to fit inside.  The best she could do was to flick her tongue against the heads.  The two men fucking her came without her realizing it, their cum dripping from her after they withdrew, drops of thick white cum mixing with her thinner juices.  They were replaced by the other two men taking up the same positions.  The two that had just cum stood next to her and forced her face away from the two giant cocks, cleaning themselves inside her mouth.  As she cleaned them she held tight to her two treasures, hugging them and massaging her boobs with them.  Sucking voraciously on the two spent cocks, she made soft mewing sounds as her arousal spiraled upwards.  Clearly she viewed the four average cocks as mere play things, something to be tolerated until the real thing was ready.  I watched as she was bucked by the two driving cocks in her, oblivious to their penetrations, centered once again on the two monsters that were her existence.  She had dismissed the two she had been cleaning as a pair of trifles only to be tolerated as she drew the other two close to her.  One was draped over shoulder as she held the other in both hands rubbing it over her face, tonguing it and trying to mouth it until her saliva was dripping off the head.  She was barely able to wait now, her need more insistent wanting to feel one of the giant cocks penetrating inside, nosing her insides apart as it split her.  She was returning the thrusting of the two cocks in her, anxious to get them off, to be rid of them so she could start to feed her craving for being massively penetrated.  She urged the two men on until they spent in her.  She jerked herself off them, trying to push their wet bodies away so she could have her way.

The two remaining men picked her up and laid her down on a narrow padded bench, my eyes swiveling to watch her.  Her wide spread legs were facing me, her dripping pussy winking at me.  I was enthralled by this scene, to see this person I regarded as my woman being taken by others, my only concern was my inability to participate.  Sara was begging greedily to be fucked.  She reached out and grabbed the 14 inch cock, thicker now that it was fully erect, unbelievably jutting almost straight out from his crotch.  She pulled him over as he straddled the bench, guiding him to her wet vagina.  It was an highly erotic site, yet strange also, I knew this cock was there, I could see it, but it was so enormous, so other worldly that it was difficult to accept.  Its massive head covered virtually her entire pussy, even her previously splayed lips were hidden.  It was weird to see how far he stood above the bench, yet his cock easily spanned the distance down to her pussy.  I could see her fingers grabbing at the cock, the fingernails rimmed in white by the intensity of her grip so frantic was she in getting it inside herself.  Sara was goading him on through clenched teeth, wanting him to fuck her, to force himself inside.  He succumbed to her demands pushing himself forward and down.  Incredibly I could see even this thick of a cock bending slightly at the resistance of her vagina.  She tried moving it around her opening, searching for the right angle, growling at him to push it in.  Suddenly she stopped and I could see that she began to spread open before him.  He hadn't actually started to penetrate her, he was just pushing her slick outer lips inside her, but it was some sort of progress.  He kept pushing against her as she held her breath.............her pussy lips popped out around the head that bulldozed into her.............parting her..........forcing its way in.  We all froze watching its progress, the only motion that of the black haired man as he pressed on.  The head was in.  I could see her lips stretched around it, gripping it tightly, whitened in tension, to tight to let her juice or the sperm of the others out.

Sara was the first to regain her breath, the rest of us just watching.  She began to moan, building in volume and frequency until her sounds were more a continuous grunt.  When her orgasm hit she was scrabbling at her breasts, pulling on her nipples, stretching them in her lust, her legs jerking in response to her contractions, moaning in release.  You could almost feel her cunt fluttering, but anything visual was hidden by the continued inward thrust of that enormous cock.  She probably had at least half of the cock in her and my view was blocked at this point but I could see the movement of the guy as he slowly pressed on.  He just ignored Sara orgasm and she was unable to relax after it subsided, consumed by his advance, opened wider than she had ever been.  Her legs were making kicking, reaching out motions as she humped against him, trying to work him in deeper.  She was taking a cunt splitting cock and she wanted more, unable to get it in fast enough.  He was now two thirds of the way in and began to pump it in and out instead of just pushing it in.  Sara was humping faster now, breathing hard, then stopping, frozen, only to begin again.  I could see the side of her face, twisted in lust, shocked at the depths he was reaching, at the width of his cock, grimacing as he battered her inside, but above all, excitement was written across her face.

I can't tell you where the cock was going, I couldn't ask her, all I know was that he was buried all the way inside her.  Her pussy was loosening a little, now making sounds as he plunged in and out, allowing little spurts of her juice to come out.  He was taking long hard strokes, crashing against her clit every time he bottomed out.  She was building towards another orgasm, trying to sit up and forward, desperately trying to see what she could feel.  Trying to believe that she was accommodating that cock.  Her hands were trying to grab his hips and pull him deeper and harder, screaming at him over and over to fuck her harder........... to    FUCK ME........FUCK ME........she came again, rocking and shaking, his fucking frantic now as he plowed through her orgasm, uncaring about her, only wanting to get off himself.  He came with a roar, his ass cheeks flexing time and again, pumping his huge load deeply inside her, grunting with each shot.  As he finished he jerked his three inch thick cock out of her.  Momentarily her pussy gaped open the width of his cock, then opened and closed with each pulse of her still spasming cunt, ejecting a river of their mixed spending.

The man with the other huge cock leapt to take his place.  He had been running his hands up and down its length bringing it to full erection.  It was massively hard, nearly two feet long, but even with a diameter of over four inches at the base it was not stout enough to stay upright by itself.  It sprouted out from his belly almost horizontally to then begin a long downward arc until the head was pointing down nearly vertically.  Sara grabbed it as he stepped over her.  You could truly see the size as she held the base, the head extending to her shoulder.  It appeared that he was getting into the same position as the previous guy but instead two men picked her up off the bench and he laid down.  For a moment his cock flopped free before he scooped it up, it almost reached over his thigh to touch the floor.  Then he held it vertical while the others suspended her over the head.  It was an awesome sight to see her legs dangling, her ankles alongside his body, the head of his cock just entering her vagina.  She was facing me, held by her upper arms, her head bowed trying to see his cock.  They lowered her down as she easily gobbled up the first ten inches or so, approaching the thickness and depth of the other cock.  Her legs started to twitch, her head jerking up as the penetration became serious, her feet still not touching the floor.  There was little she could do as her descent continued.  She was gasping, the discomfort evident in her face as a foot of cock was inside, the head pressing against her cervix.  I could tell his cock was bowing out by the bulge in her belly shifting as it moved inside her, bending, unable to pass into her uterus.  Another inch in, strain on her face, her stomach pushed out when her cervix yielded to the pressure.  Sara gasped more loudly, then slid into a long moan as his cock rushed up deep inside her.

Her toes were finally able to touch the floor, then she was able to sink her feet down, planted firmly, all but six inches inside her.  They released her as she took her weight, watching to see what she would do.  She did not disappoint them, or me, or herself.  Groaning, her face a mask of lust and effort, she tentatively sank down further, just a little, a small experiment, testing her reactions. She then lifted up, then back down, faster, advancing just slightly each time she went down.  Her arms went out for balance, her legs shaky.  She tried to lean forward to brace herself against his lower legs, but she was filled to deeply.  I watched her breasts swinging forward and back with her movements, the concentration on her face, straightening up, realizing that she would have to support herself on her wobbly legs.  Taking a deep breath, resolving to get the remaining inches of that huge cock inside her, she braced herself, ready to start back down.  It wasn't just the depth that was the problem, she was being stretched further than she had previously.  I couldn't see everything but I could see her pussy stretched open to an unbelievable extent, her outer lips mashed tightly against her thighs, her clit hard, shining, reflecting her lust.

Her legs visibly trembling with the strain, her entire body shaking with excitement, she gathered herself for the final push when her legs gave out.  Her body dropped heavily on top of him as her eyes popped open in shock, her breath forced out of her.  She tried to raise up but one of the men held her down, keeping two feet of cock buried deep inside, her pussy stretched around four and a half inches of thick cock, 14 inches in circumference.  I visually tried to imagine how big around that was and couldn't, I could only imagine how difficult it was for her to take it.  Just the thought of two feet of cock inside of her was amazing, almost as amazing as the look of wanton lust on her face as she squirmed to adjust to the fullness inside.  She began to rock her hips in an attempt to grind her clit against his leg, but couldn't move that far.  Lifting herself against the man holding her she was able to start sliding up and down, fucking herself on his cock, moaning, her hands braced against her thighs, her boobs flying.  The man had his hands around her waist, helping her to bounce up and down, his hard short breaths beginning to drown out Sara's moans.  Some of the men grabbed her when her orgasm hit, preventing her from collapsing.  I swear I could see her stomach expanding from the volume of sperm pumped inside her.  There was no mistaking though the clasping of her pussy as it spasmed around the base of his cock.

They began to haul her off him before she had finished cumming, his cock sliding out of her in a long continuous motion that seemed to go on forever.  The load inside her was flowing out even before the last six inches of cock dropped out.  I was only able to get a quick glimpse of her gaping cunt before she was pulled aside, the man rolled off the bench and the big black haired man with the 14 inch cock laid down.  His dick was hard, the purple head full of blood, waiting to victimize her again.  Without giving her time to recover she was set down on his cock, easily taking it.  He reached up to pull her down to him, his tongue searching for her mouth, forcing it inside.  I seemed to sense that I was beginning to have some control of my body, I wasn't sure yet, just a distant feeling.  I concentrated on trying to move, and after a few minutes realized that I was gaining some control.  The drug was wearing off, I was able to struggle to my feet.  Noone paid any attention to me as I took a few faltering steps, all attention focused on Sara and the fucking she was about to receive.

Sara was rolling her hips on the stomach of the man she was impaled on, getting all of his cock in her, rubbing her clit against the base of his cock.  She had been in throes of an orgasm a moment before and already she was trying for another one.  The man with the two foot cock approached her from behind, his dick seemingly unaffected by his recent cum, still a monstrous red pole arcing out from his body, anchored between his legs by that huge girth, tapering to an almost normal sized head.  He held his cock in both hands, advancing towards her as if he were holding a battering ram prior to smashing in a locked door.  Juices still draining out of Sara, flowing between the legs of the man she was riding, dripping onto the floor as it flowed out over the bench.  I had moved up to watch the two of them fuck when her head snapped up in shock as the second massive cock was forced into her stretched pussy.  She paused there, stunned for a brief moment, her mind trying to understand what her body was experiencing.  Then her sexual craving took over.  She uttered a low moan before collapsing on to the man below her, rubbing her tits into his chest, squirming against him, trying for all the sensual feelings she could accept.  I could see the movements of the man straddling the bench as he tried to work deeper into her.  The effort he was making plainly evident by the strain on his features.  He was advancing into her, but not without seriously pushing against her stretched pussy.  I tottered back to watch, the control of my movements growing rapidly.  I was amazed to see that he was a good eight inches inside her, her vagina had to be stretched out close to six inches, yet she was rocking back and forth, fucking herself on those two massive cocks, her movements growing more violent as she rammed them into her cunt.  The guy on top was now just putting pressure on her, letting her movements stroke his cock as he fed it into her.  I watched in disbelief as he advanced into her, bending his knees, sinking closer to her as his penetration continued.  I couldn't see Sara's face to read her expression but judging from her moaning and breathing she was incredibly turned on.  She had over two feet of cock in her, the man on top had to be entering her womb by now and her movements were growing more frantic.  I could hear her grunt between her moans, reacting every time she rammed herself down.

He was now buried inside her to all but the last six inches.  Sara was now pumping harder than ever.  She was supporting herself on her outstretched arms, her boobs flapping, her head bent back exposing her stretched neck, one of the other watchers feeding his cock to her, her mouth buried in his pubic hair.  He was fucking her mouth in sync with her rocking on the two cocks inside her.  I now had full control, feeling no after effects of what ever had paralyzed me, and stripped my clothes off, finally able to stroke my own cock.  The cock in Sara's mouth began to spurt and as he came he pulled out of her, spraying her face.  She lowered her head and began to force herself even harder on the two cocks.  Her pussy stretched obscenely, wrapped tightly around them, her anus pushed up close to her back, her body desperately trying to accommodate the two gigantic cocks.   The second cock was buried as deeply as it could go and the men were holding on as she rode them violently, her breath coming quicker, in short sharp gasps as she neared another orgasm.  I reached under to massage her belly, feeling the fullness in her, the two cocks apparent to my touch through her flesh as they slid back and forth under my hand.  Her head was pulled back by her hair as another cock was thrust into her mouth, the cum on her face smeared across her features as the man mouth fucking her pressed her head against him.  She was once again racked by an orgasm as the three cocks pummeled her.  Her body was being tossed in all directions as they fucked, ignoring her convulsions, uncaring that she was riding the crest of an orgasm, unmindful that she could barely breathe around the cock in her throat.  I could feel the waves of ecstasy rolling across her stomach, traveling down the huge cocks buried in her as she came.  She continued to throw herself down even as she came, lost in her frenzy.  All she knew was to try and open herself more, to have her body stretched beyond human possibilities, to feel her guts churning, her organs battered internally by the invading cocks.  

The man in her mouth came, shooting down her throat, denying her the taste of his spending.  The cocks inside her shot almost simultaneously, filling her with vast quantities, her belly expanding under my hand with the volume of cum.  I could no longer feel the huge bulge created by the massive intrusions as more and more cum was pumped into her belly.  Where once her stomach had been above the man under her as she supported herself with her arms, it now pressed hard against him as she swelled.  Her muscles were slack, weakened from her own massive orgasms, she draped over the man under her, tossed around as they shook through their releases.  As she bounced around I could see her swollen belly squeezed out the sides when she would slam down.  The man on top withdrew, his cock making that long journey from inside her, his great cock flagging this time, reflecting the efforts of his second rapid orgasm as it hung straight down, flopping between his legs, extending well below his knees.  Sara was pulled off the other man, two men lifting her up until she was held spread eagled, her back parallel to the floor.  I could see up inside her vagina, a gaping hole with a torrent of sperm pouring out of her.  As the flow began to subside the opening into her womb was exposed, stretched open, a trickle of cum emptying out of her uterus, flowing through her vagina and out the massive hole.  It was like looking into a river carved cave, complete with its own small waterfall where the cum passed through her cervix to drop down into her vagina.  Sara dangled from their arms, limp, exhausted, her pussy deformed from the seven plus inch oval hole made by the two cocks, her cunt muscles too stretched and tired to close.  I wanted to stick my head up her, to drink in her flowing juices.  Her vaginal walls pulsed with the remainder of her orgasm, glistening, red from the heat burning inside.  It was a different entity, apart from her, an organ that seemed to exist for itself, a gaping hole that needed constant filling. 

One of the men had laid on the bench, one leg draped over the side, the other upright, his heel tight against his butt.  He motioned for the two men holding Sara to set her on his knee.  They turned her upright letting her legs dangle and carried her into position, setting her on the upturned knee.  She needed to be supported, unable to react, unaware of what was being done to her.  As she was set on the knee her vaginal lips spread around it, her dangling legs forced apart by the mans leg.  As her weight was taken on to the knee, the two men gripped her just tight enough to keep her from toppling over.  My eyes saw, but did not believe, as she started to slide down over the mans knee, his thigh and shin beginning to enter her.  Her pussy opening, blossoming into life with this new treat, welcoming the challenge.  Her legs, limp and hanging, were being spread wide, as was her pussy.  Seeing her legs forced farther apart gave greater evidence to the extend she was being stretched.  He had penetrated her probably three inches when her descent slowed, then stopped.  Her eyes opened, she became aware of her surroundings, her body reacted to the intrusion, she began to moan.  It took me a minute to realize that she was saying ......nnnnooooooo...... in long drawn out breaths.  Apparently she had enough, but the men working her over had not.  Taking a tighter hold on her they began to work her up and down, incrementally gaining a little penetration each time they dropped her back down.  Her pussy lips, rolling in and out as they stretched over his leg, were tight as steel bands.  I would have thought she had been stretched enough before to take even this, but when I rapped my hands around my own doubled up leg, my fingers not coming close to meeting, I realized how awesome this was.  Surely she couldn't take anymore.

Over and over they jacked her, four inches deep...........approaching five inches.........now over five inches.........her vaginal ring stretching,  her pussy lips spreading, stretching,  her cunt splayed over his knee, engulfing his legs.  Her moans of protest were now moans of encouragement, deep seated utterances from the pit of her soul, proof of the depths of her lust.  She had to burst open, nobody could take this, but instead her vagina kept spreading.  Over six inches inside her, now seven inches, now eight inches and on she sank.  Was this accepting something 12 inches wide?  Was she taking a huge dildo made of a human leg over a yard in circumference?  I was watching it but my mind couldn't accept it.  A slightly louder grunt from her when he held his rigid cock against his thigh and her dimensionless pussy absorbed that.  It was not a big cock, but surely any additional width had to have an effect.  Her clit was about to be dragged inside her pussy, her anus was being sucked in, her cunt a huge vacuum.  This unreal scene took on one more staggering dimension when I watched her asshole disappear inside of her.  It just sort of rolled under itself as more of her body was dragged in.  His knee visible in the bulge that crept up her abdominal walls, distorting her body even further.  As her clit was sucked inside her, now scraping against his leg, she exploded in orgasm, her head back, her cheeks hollowed as she sucked in air then expelled it, lost in her erotic bliss.  

Her juice was pouring from her cunt through any escape path, lubricating her descent, flooding across the bench to puddle across the floor.  The spasming pussy, the alternately contracting and relaxing vaginal muscles, aided her acceptance of his leg, her rate of descent increased.  She continued to slide down while she climaxed.  She was firmly impaled on his leg, long ago any support from the men was unneeded and her body swayed slightly in a circle as she slid down.  We watched her, unbelieving, as she continued down, her breathing coming in shallow gulps, her lungs compressed by the mass inside her.  She could not stop climaxing, the stimulation too intense, the waves of ecstasy visible even in her limp thighs as her flesh rolled with the erotic surges passing through her body.  She had been penetrated a foot deep and even her continuous orgasm didn't ease her descent now, not enough to make up for the increasing width she was taking.  Her progress slowed, but not stopped.  We were all masturbating as we watched, occasionally shooting our loads onto her, never ceasing our pumping.  She was approaching bottom, only a few more inches to go.  The distance between the top of her cunt and the bottom was well over a foot.  She should have been ripped in half.  I was unsure if she was conscious at this point, but it didn't matter to her body, her orgasm unceasing, must have gone on for twenty minutes.  I saw her eyes flicker open briefly and I gazed at her soul, the meaning of her life clearly visible.  She was conscious, conscious of her incredible feat, conscious that this was what her life was about.  Her life was the opening of her vagina until all things filled her, stretched her open.  Until she sucked in her surrounding environment.  Her ass cheeks were literally smaller now as her they were being drawn inside, her once thick bush was now a small fringe of pubic hair peeping outside of her vagina, most of her bush was now part of  her cunt.  Finally the remnants of her buttocks came to rest on his hip, she was done, having taken as much as she could, a great portion of her body sucked inside herself, leaving a vast open hole crammed with human flesh.  She sat there, her arms wrapped around herself, embracing the doubled up leg inside her body, finished, motionless except for the waves of her orgasm washing over her.  Then her legs stirred, stiffened, as she tried to lift herself up.  Long soulful groans, deep visceral moans emanating, she rose, higher, then faster.  Her ass cheeks coming back into view, her anus unrolling back outside, her pubic hair reappearing, a foot of his leg exposed.  Then she dropped back down.  Back up again, faster this time, then down.  She was fucking herself on his leg.  It wasn't possible, but she was doing it.  Her insatiable cravings driving her on.  I couldn't remember when she wasn't in orgasm, what did she want? What was driving her on?  She wanted more.  The expressions on her face alternated between ecstasy and anguish, reflecting her struggle between accepting the stretching she was undergoing and satisfying her lust.  It was awesome, watching the parts of her body sucked inside her on the down stroke, unfolding from within her on the upstrokes.  Over and over she fucked herself.  She was right, there was more.  I can't say she exploded in orgasm as she had never stopped cumming, but she certainly advanced to a higher level.  I found out later for myself what she experienced, but at this time I couldn't comprehend it.  I just know  that she went somewhere I had never experienced.  She seemed to grow larger, the energy created by her new climax could be felt, it seemed as if cum would burst from her entire body.  She had stopped her fucking motions, frozen in position, rooted by the leg inside her ........... and just climaxed ............ endlessly.

We watched her, stroking our cocks, covering her with thicker layers of our sperm while her body experienced the uninterrupted succession of orgasms.   I think most of the men came on her an additional two or three times as she hung there anchored on his leg, absorbing her energy, just staring at her, unable to accept it.


I stood there absolutely stupefied, as we all did.  I should have been drained, physically and mentally, from what had just happened but in fact I don't think I had ever been more excited.  Sara was lying there, covered in cum, a serene expression on her face.  I just stared at her, still gently stroking my rigid cock, thinking it is my turn now, or rather it had better be because I am going to explode without further release.  I couldn't get the image of Sara sliding down that guys leg, they way she was stretched and opened up, the way she awoke to new sexual heights until complete penetration was the only thing that could satisfy her.  I don't know how she was able to accommodate so much but I will never forget the sight of her riding herself up and down on his leg, how her body seemed to be drawn inside herself, the way her legs shook with her excitement and effort, the way her arms wrapped around her stomach encompassing the great bulge of her stretched abdomen and the clearly exalted expression on her face.  I would have been concerned for her well being but the obvious expression of satisfaction on her face was proof of her contentment.

I turned as three naked women entered the room who had been viewing the show unseen.  Apparently it was their turn for some fun and I was to be their participant.  If they had any doubts as to my willingness I quickly put them to rest.  I was surrounded by the ladies and was immediately engulfed by breasts and bellies, arms and legs and all sorts of female apparatus.  I was more than ready, well beyond the stage of foreplay, but my eager grasping were restrained and I was led out of the room to a large bathroom, almost a lockeroom.  I was placed under a warm shower and soaped down.  I couldn't blame them as I had worked up quite a lather during Sara's display.  It was an incredibly sensuous feeling to have those soapy hands roaming my body and I just stood there luxuriating in the sensations.  The feeling was kicked up a notch when I felt a smooth object inserted into my ass.  There was no need to inquire as to the reason as almost immediately warm water started to flow into me.  Faster than I would have thought possible I felt my abdomen swell with the influx of water.  After I judged myself to be more than adequately cleaned out I was led back into the playroom.

I laid down on a wide padded bench as two of the women knelt next to me and began to stroke me in a most sensuous fashion.  Laying there relaxed, yet stimulated, letting the movements of their hands bring me once again to rigidity, their mouths joining their exploring fingers, stroking my cock, a ball, then the second, entering a mouth, my breathing coming quicker.  Warm wet lips descended on my cock as I felt my head penetrating, the glans sliding over her tongue and entering the throat.  My hips started a slow rhythmic rocking as I fucked into her mouth, her breathing loud as she drew breaths through her nose, bypassing her filled mouth.  Erect nipples capping dangling breasts were drawn over my chest as one woman brought her lips to mine, insinuating her tongue into my mouth.  I sucked it in deeper, feeling it swirl inside, exploring me.  I pressed hard against her lips forcing her in as deeply as she could get.  I reveled in the feeling as a cool ointment was spread across my anus, her fingers pausing, pressing lightly against my asshole.  I tensed, my hips still, waiting.  Was she? Was she going to go in?  Oh God...she went in, three fingers sliding inside, tentatively then with a sudden plunge she buried them to the full depth.  My anus tightened around her fingers, my balls drew up tighter, suddenly we were at a new, higher level.  Her fingers wiggled and scissored inside me pressing against the walls of my rectum.

I released my breath as she withdrew to caress the opening leading inside.  Her fingers circled my ass, teasing, probing, letting the suspense build.  The woman sucking on my cock swallowed as she ingested my pre-cum.  I was waiting again, feeling the tension, hoping that was not all, that she would enter me again.  Four fingers plunged in this time in one quick entrance, opening me wider and penetrating more deeply.  Then quickly in and out, working her fingers and my ass, rapidly forcing me wider with each thrust.  She pulled out and without pausing plunged her entire hand inside me.  I lurched in response, tightening further, still not breathing, my stomach fluttering with excitement.  She pumped into me repeatedly, my anus expanding momentarily as her knuckles passed through then tightening as her wrist entered me.  One more withdrawal and she quickly curled her hand into a fist and shoved against me.  This time she had to fight the resistance of my anal ring as I felt myself trying to spread to accept her.  She pushed harder, straight in, not twisting, not working it, just a straight-ahead push that left me no room for escape.  My anus was being pushed into me until finally I felt myself start to spread open, a slight yield to the inexorable pressure.  My anal ring was riding up and over her fist, yielding and expanding as she entered me.  I willed myself to relax,  not sure if I would be able to take the bulk of her fist when my outer sphincter gave way and I swallowed it.  Without pause she withdrew then plunged back in, over and over in short quick strokes.  My anal opening was vibrating with her thrusting, my anal lips riding up and down over her fist.  Then she stopped inside me, her fingers opening, probing for greater depth, searching for the second, deeper sphincter that would allow her to go deep.

I became aware that there was no motion, no action around us as my eyes roamed across the audience witnessing my penetration.  Momentarily I lost concentration, then as her fingers probed the end of my rectum I returned to focus on the thrill of her deep penetration.  Her exploring fingers found the opening into my colon and began to worm their way deeper, spreading my flexure as her fingertips passed through.  I could feel her penetrating more deeply as well as feeling her forearm beginning to enter well past the wrist.  A bulge began to show on my abdomen on the left side, proof of the deepness of her invasion.  The growing bulge vanished as she pulled back outside my colon only to ball her hand back into a fist and plunge deep again.  As her fist bulled its way past the sphincter I moaned explosively through clenched teeth at the eroticism of a fist sliding deep inside me.  She had worked her way inside far enough so her wrist was past that inner constriction, the bump of her fist pushing out my flesh some way past my navel.  I was grunting in lust to such an extent that for a minute I was not conscious of additional fingers snaking their way through my anus.  I caught my breath as I digested this new stimulation, my ass stretched around her forearm as the opening increased rapidly with the introduction of four more fingers.  Involuntarily I began to pant, wanting to be spread more, beginning to understand Sara's ability to take more and respond to it.  I don't know what I was doing externally but internally my mind was expanding as fast as my anus.  I lay there mentally digesting the fact that one hand and half a forearm was buried inside me and a second hand was creeping inside with the first.

I knew my breathing was coming short and fast and that my toes were curling and I was tense with excitement but all I could really feel was the slow progression of a second hand and the spreading that was taking place.  I didn't even realize that it was a different woman that was inserting the second hand, all I knew was that I was being opened like never before.  A longer whoosh of expelled air and a slight reduction in pressure as my anal ring encircled the wrist, briefly though as the second forearm started to enter me.  My inner sphincter was now being assaulted and stretched, spreading around the entrance of another hand.  OhhhhGgggooooddd it was passing through, two hands in my colon.  My cock was attempting to respond, shaking in the hand of some woman, little spurts of pre-cum ejecting as knuckles or wrists buffeted my prostate forming pools of cum on my belly that rolled off my skin as the bulge of the hands lifted my abdomen up.  My anus felt as if it were gaping open, visible to all that wanted to look up inside me.  My knees were drawn up further exposing me to the gaze of others.  I was pleased to see Sara sitting next to me, stroking me with her hand.

One hand started to advance again, the taut skin of my belly separating into two distinct bulges, one moving higher then turning to the right as it sank deeper into my colon.  My anal ring stretched to a greater width and I didn't realize at first that an elbow was entering me.  My anus yawned open, pausing as it reached around the elbow and forearm to finally gulp it in.  My body was literally tingling with the eroticism of the penetrations and I was moaning continuously, gulping in air between moans.  The women were alternating pushing into me so that it looked as if some giant inchworm was crawling inside me as their fists joined then separated.  I couldn't believe how open and exposed I felt, how erotic the sensations were, the disbelief that two people were deep inside me.  Sara was now working my cock, licking and sucking it as she pumped it with her hand.  The third hand that was pressed against my anal opening was her other hand.  I knew I wouldn't be able to take it, but liked the idea of it, particularly that it was Sara's.  When she was able to work a couple fingers inside, my guts seem to melt even further, churning with the unreal erotic charge.  I began to hump against the arms already lodged inside me and against her advancing fingers.  She lowered her mouth to inhale my cock as she slid her free hand over my abdomen to feel the two fists moving inside me.  I was having difficulty in mentally accepting the amount buried inside me, one arm in past the elbow, another with the elbow just about to enter my rectum and now a third sliding in.

I can't describe how open I felt as I braced my feet against the pressure of the entry, my knees as widely spread as possible, my anus spread and open to view.  It was so erotic to be this open.  As tightly as I was packed I still felt loose, as if anything inside me could just fall out.  I couldn't imagine where my stomach and other organs had been shoved.  Sara now had her flat hand inside and the other two women were shifting positions to be able to get in further.  They pushed on, biceps stretching me out, a massive bulge appearing on the left edge of my torso like a buried comet with a trail comprised of a ridge formed by the two arms attached to the fist bulge.  I was heaving my hips up and down, working to get them in deeper, not ready at this stage to accept any limits, only wanting more and more.  I was to stretched to offer any resistance against their advances, to widely stretched to be able to clamp down with my anus.  I was open......a pit to bury their arms in, open to any invasion they wanted to make, and I loved it.  The continued stimulation of my prostate promoted a steady stream of pre-cum, which Sara sucked down as it was discharged.  I mashed my crotch against her face, trying to bury my cock down her throat.

The other women held still as Sara worked deeper into me, her hand sliding through my inner sphincter, scraping along their forearms, the unbelievable spreading as her elbow entered me, pressing against their biceps.  I watched transfixed as I viewed the advance of her hand, waiting for the magic moment when her hand joined with theirs.  My ass cheeks were flattened as they spread away from each other, my insides were quivering in lust, my legs were shaking from lust, I was no longer in control of myself, my body could only react to my excitement.  I lay there shaking, mentally visualizing as well as feeling her arm reaching farther inside me.  Then she reached the other two hands, three biceps gripped tightly by my anal ring and outer sphincter as the women joined hands into one great fist.  A huge ridge ran up from my crotch, across my belly and started back down towards my crotch.  My lust was so great that I kept hunching myself against the three arms, but not willfully.  I was in too much of a sexual fog to do this consciously, it was just a physical reaction to the incredible stimulation.

Three women with their arms buried almost to the shoulder were penetrating inside my body.  They began to try and fuck me in unison but were to tightly wedged to make much movement.  Mostly I slid back and forth on the bench.  Gradually, as I loosened slightly, they were able to make longer thrusts.  I laid there limply, letting the sensations of their thrusting arms carry me to greater heights of erotic lust.  At times I felt as if I were only a gigantic hole designed to receive their thrusts, but I couldn't deny the movement of my organs as they were jostled around by the fucking of their arms, or the lustful shaking of my limbs as they quivered in response to my excitement.  Their strokes grew longer as my ass hole was first pulled out from my body then shoved back inside with their inward strokes.  I knew I was moving to higher and higher erotic levels as they fucked me but it wasn't until I noticed Sara's lips moving against me, her face buried against my pubic hair as she sucked on my cock, that I was cumming directly into her mouth.  The magnificent stimulation of my anus had focused me solely on their thrusting, my orgasm had become an incidental reaction to that intense stimulation.  I lay there as my body was buffeted by their long deep strokes, unwilling to react and thrust against them, content to be the opening that they were fucking.

As their strokes lengthened to 18 inches my unresisting body began to be lifted off the bench only to be slammed back down on the in strokes.  Sara was no longer able to suck me as they forced against me although I continued to spew streams of cum in response.  Finally, after one massive thrust they jerked their arms from inside me and I collapsed back down on the bench, my anus gaping and open, my cock pumping cum, my body limp and yielding.  One of the women buried her face against my anus as my stretched asshole covered her entire face.  She then slid up and took me into her mouth, drinking down the final spurts of cum.

The women then knelt alongside the bench resting their elbows against each others, their fingers intertwined and wrapping around to form one great exposed fist.  I had not been able to fathom how Sara had taken so much earlier but now it was clear.  It simply couldn't be resisted.  I staggered to my feet uncontrollably attracted to that huge mass of hands and arms, knowing I had to take it inside me.  I centered my body over it and lowered myself down.  I made contact with it and began to squirm atop it looking for the right angle of entrance.  It felt like I was sitting on a barstool.  I felt my anus begin to open, my anal ring spreading and stretching over it.  In an agony of sexual drive I lowered myself further, continuing to spread, not believing how far I was stretched.  I reached down to feel how much had penetrated and couldn't believe that I still had a ways to go before my ass would envelop the massive fist and it would be inside me.  Further I stretched, any pain sublimated by my arousal and need.  I opened more, stretched a little more, then......OH  MMMYYYY  GGGOOODDDDDDD it was in and my anus closed around the relatively smaller thickness of their wrists.  Now I could sink down faster.  A slight pause and adjustment and they were inside my colon, my anus spreading open again as the three forearms entered me.  I sunk down until my ass was resting on their biceps.  I lifted off them, then back down again, fucking myself on this huge cock.  Faster I went and this was the most erotic feeling of all.  There was no way that I could orgasm and yet I felt the shivers leading to an explosion coursing through my body.

As I forced myself faster and harder on the combined fists my cock began to shoot long thick streams of cum with each down stroke, my balls painfully contracting and shooting.  Over and over I came, up and down relentlessly as a huge pool of cum formed on the bench to flow out and run on to the floor.  I was beyond anything now, I could only compulsively force myself up and down, never wanting this unearthly stimulation to stop.  I began to intensify the feelings even more by pulling all the way off and then slamming back down again.  My asshole gaping open momentarily then mushrooming around their combined fist, engulfing it.  Fucking myself with as long of strokes as possible.  My ass opened repeatedly, compulsively spreading myself, reveling in the rough stretching every time I swallowed that knuckled fist.  I was near hyperventilating in my excitement, emitting short explosive grunts as I fucked myself.

My body was flying, my quaking legs barely able to support my weight, ready to give way as I jerked myself off their fists.  Suddenly Sara took her other hand and wrapped it around the other three.  As I forced myself down I couldn't take.  The looseness I had felt earlier, despite being filled, now gone.  Realizing that no matter how much I wanted it that there were limits.  Yet my anus expanded to new dimensions, stretching, stretching, as I bore down harder, unmindful of any consequences.  My feet were coming off the floor, my entire weight supported on my reluctantly yielding ass.  Mentally I was lost, I had to have this in me but I couldn't accept that it was possible.  Physically I was making infinitesimally small progress.  Ever so slowly I spread, my entire being waiting, feeling myself open to an impossible width.  My ass cheeks pushed widely apart, separating my body, my gaping anus yawning in desperation.  Then I stopped, unable to stretch out any more.  I bounced on their fists, rocking my ass against them, straining to open, but it was no use.  I could not work my desperate anal ring over that bulk.  

The two women grabbed my arms and pulled down, trying to use their weight to spread me further.  I felt a slight give, my sphincter stretching just a bit and somehow I began to open up again.  In agony I opened further, my whole body seeming to expand as if some massive tree was being forced inside me.  My pelvis was forced open stretching around them, yielding excruciatingly to my desire.  They hauled harder on my body, trying to will me open further as they pulled me against their fists.  Sara was begging me to accept it, to force myself down onto her arms, opening as never done before.  Then it was inside me.  With a whoosh my body was full and I sunk down, my abdomen a huge pregnant bulge, my cock erupting with a long continuous stream, four hands buried inside me.

Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com
				



