Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Daughters Chapter Four: Twin Sisters Love Their Daddy
Summary: The twins are mind-controlled to be their daddy's loving daughters!
Keyword: MFF MF MMMF MMF mc oral facial anal A2M DP titty inter ws exhib voy

Derrick Carpenter

I groaned as Ann-Katherine, my oldest daughter, climbed off my dick so the twins could suck on my cock. I shuddered at the delight of that wonderful pussy sliding off me. I had saved Ann from being a porn star. She had fallen into that trap, but now she wouldn't ever make another one of those degrading videos again.

She wouldn't make step-daughter/daddy porn. She would only have sex with her real daddy.

I want to see this video, my wife said. 

Give me a second, I said. Thanks to my Chaz profile on Instagram, anything I commented on someone's post happened. If I commented as Chaz to have my twin daughters make videos of them eating each other out, they would. I had watched the video of Jaclyn eating out Heidi, but not the second one. I was eager for it.

It's tots hot, said Jaclyn. Heidi so went to town on my poon. It was hot.

Cha, said Heidi. 

The twins were stripping. They were both blonde and busty, clearly taking after their mother Karin. She was a Scandinavian knockout who barely looked older than twenty-nine. Jaclyn and Heidi were peeling off their trendy clothes as I messed with my phone and the TV.

I got my phone to connect to the TV. The queued-up video was on the screen, a shot taken by Jaclyn of her sister Heidi on her knees before her, ready to eat out her twin's pussy. That was so hot. I loved the sight.

Bam, Daddy! Jaclyn said as she spun around, revealing her naked boobs. They swayed from side to side, slapping into each other. Double D attack!

Cha! Heidi squealed as she did the same a moment later. Her boobs bounced and heaved together. They were so hot to see rippling. I loved the enticing sight. My dick twitched out hard before me, throbbing and dripping in Ann's pussy cream.

Ooh, this is gonna be so hot to watch, Ann said as she cuddled up with her mother. Ann adjusted her glasses, her sandy-blonde hair spilling around her face. My oldest, too, took after her mother in the breasts department. They were nice and big.

But not as big as Karin's. I had given her a boob job for her anniversary a few years ago. Her tits were huge and firm, just so plump and perfect with fat, pink nipples that thrust out before her. She had her arm around our daughter, the pair looking so eager to watch the video.

Heidi and Jaclyn peeled off their thongs together and stepped out of them, their big boobs swaying. They were both wet and shaved. I groaned as I sank onto the couch beside my wife and eldest daughter. The twins rushed in. They were our middle daughters. Belinda (or Bell for short) was off with some of her friends and missing out on this delightful family bonding time.

Jaclyn and Heidi dropped to their knees. The identical twins leaned and licked my cock together. Their pink tongues dragged up my cock soaked in their big sister's pussy juices. They both moaned as they reached the top of the dick. They stroked over my crown.

I groaned and tapped my phone to start the video playing.

Mmm, she's going to eat me out now, Daddy, Jaclyn purred as Heidi revealed her purple thong. At the same time, the twins were lapping the pussy cream off my dick. And don't I just have the cutest panties.

Cha, bitch, you do, cooed Heidi as she pulled off her panties. And there's that fab landing strip I shaved for you!

Yes, you did, I groaned as I stared at the sight of Jaclyn pressing her face into her twin's pussy and starting to lick. It was so hot.

Mmm, that's so beautiful, girls, Karin said as she and Ann stroked each other's thighs.

I could only agree as I watched my twin daughters on the screen, Jaclyn eating out her sister while the girls were licking at my dick. Their tongues bathed the crown of my cock. It was fantastic to feel those hot tongues around my crown.

One of them swallowed my dick. I glanced down to see it was Jaclyn that had gone first. She had her lips sliding over the crown of my cock and sealing around the base. It was so hot to have her doing this. It was just an amazing rush to have her blowing me.

She bobbed her head up and down as I watched her past self eating out Heidi. This was so amazing. My dick throbbed in my daughter's hot mouth. She suckled hard as she slid her mouth up my cock and popped off.

Yas, bitch, my turn, Heidi moaned and swallowed my cock.

Yas, yas, yas, bitch! past-Jaclyn groaned on the TV. You're just so good at that! Daddy, Heidi's making me feel so fucking fab-tastic. I'm just gonna cum on her. Gonna cream her, Daddy!

Yes, you are, I groaned as Heidi bobbed her head and worked her mouth up and down my dick. Shit, and you're going to make me cum all over you and your sister's faces.

Yas! squealed Jaclyn as she stroked my cock. Suck his dick, bitch. Cha, you're such a good Daddy cock-sucker. Just so good at it. Ooh, I love watching you bob your head!

Heidi bobbed her head. I groaned as I savored that hot mouth working up my dick as I watched the action on the TV. Past-Heidi had to fight to keep her phone steady as she trembled on Jaclyn's mouth. I groaned, enjoying that hot tongue dancing around my cock.

Then Heidi ripped her mouth off my cock so her twin sister could suckle on me. Jaclyn engulfed my cock as past-her trembled in delight. It was so hot watching Heidi's tongue sliding through her sister's folds.

Wow, groaned Ann. You two are going at it so hot and heavy. This is hot. I love it.

Ooh, ooh, that's good, Jaclyn whimpered on the screen. Cha, bitch, that's so good!

Mmm, drown me in all that yummy cunt cream, Heidi cooed.

Heidi! Jaclyn trembled.

She's cumming, Daddy, moaned Jaclyn.

Heidi ripped her mouth off my cock and moaned, I came so hard on her mouth, Daddy!

As she smiled up at me, Jaclyn swallowed my cock. She suckled on me with hunger as I watched her past-self bucking and shuddering. That was so hot to witness. My little girl was cumming so hard. She was bucking and moaning.

My dick throbbed in Jaclyn's mouth. She suckled on me with passion. I groaned, my cock twitching and throbbing in her mouth. I loved every second of her blowing me, my nuts tightening. The pressure grew in me.

Daddy! squealed Jaclyn as she trembled through her climax while the present-her loved my big dick. Oh, Daddy, this is for you!

For you! Heidi moaned into her sister's pussy.

I loved it so much. Jaclyn ripped her mouth off my cock. Heidi swallowed my dick as I watched the last moments of their fun. My wife and eldest daughter were fingering the other's pussies. They were plunging digits into wet cunt.

I loved the sight as the pressure at the tip of my cock hurtled toward bursting. Heidi was doing such a good job. I groaned, my nuts tightening beneath her sucking. She nursed so hard on me. She worked that hot mouth up and down my dick.

I'm going to cum! I groaned.

As Heidi ripped her mouth off my cock, the twins in the video were now cuddled together, Heidi soaked in pussy cream. The twins in the present stroked my cock, their faces pressed together as the twins on screen did the same.

Hope you loved the video, Daddy! they squealed.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted on my daughters' faces.

As the video ended, my cum splashed across Jaclyn's and Heidi's features. Blast after blast of my jizz painted lines across their foreheads, cheeks, noses, and lips. They opened their mouths to catch my cum as the incestuous pleasure shot through me.

It was so wonderful to have all that pleasure shooting through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned with each eruption. Ecstasy slammed into my mind as I unloaded on my twins' identical faces. I coated them in cum.

Daddy! they squealed together.

Fuck, I loved that video, I growled as I spurted again and again.

All the pleasure shot through me as erupted again and again. I fired the last of my cum onto my daughters' features. The twins dripped in cum as they knelt before me. They were both so sexy. I had to fuck them both.

But which one first?

Jaclyn and Heidi licked up my cum. That was so hot to watch them gather up my spunk. Their pink tongues slid across each other's faces before they kissed, sharing my spunk. I rose from the couch, my dick so hard. I just had to enjoy my little girls.

Mmm, fuck Jaclyn, Karin moaned as she and Ann were stretching out on the couch. My wife lay on her back. Pound her hard, Derrick.

Sure, I said. My wife always had the best advice.

As I moved behind Jaclyn to fuck her while she made out with her twin sister, Ann straddled her mother's face. I groaned as my eldest daughter and wife started sixty-nining on the couch. The pair were eating each other out.

All thanks to Chaz and his comments on how families should love each other. My wife knew I was Chaz, and yet the comments still worked on her, too. I had tried not to abuse this power, but it was too intoxicating fucking my daughters and sharing them with my wife.

I dropped to my knees behind Jaclyn, my cock slapping into her tight rump. She had a gorgeous ass just begging for me to fuck her. She snowballed my cum with her twin, the pair of them moaning in delight.

Fuck her, Daddy, Heidi moaned, looking past her twin to smile at me. Cum dripped down Heidi's features. A glob gathered on her chin that Jaclyn licked up. Cha, the bitch needs your cock, Daddy!

Yas! squealed Jaclyn as I nuzzled my dick into her pussy, so ready to ram into her. 

I loved the feel of her hot cuntlips against the crown of my dick. I nuzzled into my daughter's pussy, her labia engulfing the tip of my cock. She moaned as I pushed into her twat. I sank into her cunt slowly, savoring being in my third daughter's twat.

What heaven it was to fuck Jaclyn. To slide my dick into her pussy. I loved every second of filling her up. She had such a delicious snatch. she felt so perfect around my cock. I groaned, savoring that delight squeezing about me.

Shit, I groaned as I sank to the depths of my daughter's pussy. Oh, Jaclyn, I love you!

I love you, too, Daddy, she moaned.

Me, too, Daddy! Heidi purred. Yas, bitch, you just enjoy Daddy's cock! 

They kissed, sharing my cum, as I drew back my cock. I loved the wonderful heat of my daughter's cunt squeezing around my dick. It was a fantastic rush to have all that hot cunt around my cock. I thrust back into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. It was an amazing experience ramming into her. Just fantastic to bury into her snatch.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I thrust into her pussy again and again. It was so awesome to plow into her. I loved it so much. She had such a perfect twat for me to fuck. I groaned, thrusting to the hilt in her again and again.

Daddy! she moaned, squeezing her hot twat around my dick.

Ooh, fuck her daddy! Heidi moaned. She loves it. I can tell!

Yas! Jaclyn shuddered as I pumped away at her hot pussy. I drove my dick into her. Yas, Daddy, yas! This is the best!

I grinned as I pounded her. On the couch, her mother and older sister feasted on the other's pussies. They were devouring each other. It was so hot to witness as I fucked my daughter's twat. I buried into her hot cunt again and again.

That wonderful sheath massaged my dick. The pleasure built and built in my nuts. They slapped into her taint. The pleasure built and built. I loved this heat swelling in me. It was such a delight. A wild rush. I loved every second of pounding her.

Daddy! Daddy! Jaclyn moaned. I'm tots gonna cum on your big dick!

Tots! Heidi echoed, licking at her sister's face. Ooh, your cum is just so delish, Daddy!

I grunted, the need to cum building in me. I slid my hands up Jaclyn's stomach to her boobs. I gripped those large tits and kneaded them. She moaned, clamping her cunt down on my cock. I shuddered at the feel of her hot twat around me.

I pounded her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I fucked her with passion. It was a thrill to thrust into her snatch. I loved plowing deep and hard into her cunt. I savored every thrust into her.

Every plunge.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, the need to cum building. My fingers slid down my daughter's big boobs to her nipples. I pinched them.

Daddy! she squealed. 

Her cunt clamped down on me. She held me tight as I fucked her hard and fast. I loved the way her silky twat massaged me. Jaclyn wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock. It was perfect. I twerked her nubs as I pounded her.

I love you, Daddy! she squealed as her cunt went wild around my dick. 

Her cunt spasmed about me as she climaxed on my cock. I pumped away at her climaxing pussy. Her hot twat rippled around me. It was so wild. My nuts swelled. The pressure grew and grew as I buried to the hilt in her.

Fuck, I groaned and erupted.

I pumped my cum into my daughter's pussy. I threw back my head, growling out my pleasure. It was intense to flood one of my baby girl's cunts. To fill her womb with my seed. Her hot twat suckled at me. She nursed at me as the incestuous joy shot through me.

Oh, yas, Daddy! she squealed. Tots flood me with cum!

Flood her, Daddy! Heidi whimpered, watching me dumping my cum into her sister's cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, Ann moaned on the couch. She and my wife were moaning and squirming, the couch groaning as they were climaxing, too.

I savored the sounds they made as I pumped all my jizz into Jaclyn's pussy. I filled her twat to the brim with my seed. I grunted with each eruption. I savored each blast of cum that swept through my body. Pleasure washed across my mind.

I shuddered in delight. It was a thrill to pump my cum into her pussy. Her hot twat suckled at me. She milked me dry. I grunted, my mind buzzing with euphoria. I savored this moment as she whimpered around me.

I tots have to lick the cum out of her pussy, Daddy! Heidi moaned. Please, please, Daddy, let me eat your cum out of my twin's pussy. I'll make the bitch cum.

Yas, bitch! moaned Jaclyn. You will. She glanced at me, wiggling her hips and stirring her cunt around my dick. Please, Daddy, please!

Shit, I can't say no to you two, I groaned and pulled out of their cunts.

My wife moaned on the couch, still eating out Ann. I loved that sight as I moved back. Jaclyn rolled over and stretched out on her back, her legs spread wide. Her big boobs piled into two lush mounds while her sister moved between her thighs.

Heidi ducked her head down and feasted on the creampie I left in her twin. Jaclyn gasped, her eyes rolling back in her head as she enjoyed her twin's lips and tongue again. This time, I didn't just have to watch. I could join them.

I stared at Heidi's tight ass wiggling before me. I had to be in her. I had to fuck her ass. 

I pressed my pussy-lubed dick between her butt-cheeks and found her asshole. She moaned as I drilled against her backdoor. Jaclyn sat up on her elbows, her boobs jiggling, and stared at me with a wicked twinkle in her blue eyes.

Cha, fuck her ass, Daddy! Jaclyn moaned. Bitch loves it up the ass!

Yas! Heidi moaned as I drilled against her asshole, her anal ring stretching wider and wider.

I groaned as I popped into her bowels. I loved that sensation of sliding into her asshole. It was perfect to push into her. I loved every second of it. I savored every last moment of her sphincter stretching and stretching to take my dick.

I popped into her bowels. I groaned as I sank into my little girl's velvety asshole. Her sheath gripped me as I went deeper and deeper into her. The pleasure radiated through me as I gripped her hips, loving this so much.

Fuck, I groaned as I bottomed out in my daughter's asshole. Oh, fuck, that's good!

Yas, Daddy! she moaned. Ooh, I tots love your big dick in my asshole! It's delish!

It was definitely delicious being in her asshole. I pulled back my cock, loving my daughter's bowels tight around my dick. The heat melted to my balls. They were so full of the cum that I wanted to fire into her anal sheath. 

I slammed back into her bowels, loving that velvety grip around my cock. Heidi moaned into Jaclyn's pussy. It was so hot fucking one twin as she licked my cum out of the other twin's cunt. I reveled in it. I savored every second of it.

I pumped my dick in and out of my daughter's asshole. I loved the feel of her bowel around my shaft. She had such an incredible grip on my cock. She massaged the crown, swelling the ache there with my every thrust into her bowels.

Daddy! Jaclyn moaned as she savored having her cunt eaten out by her sister's pussy. Yas, yas, that bitch has her tongue deep into my cunt! Ooh, she's just licking all your jizz out of me, Daddy! Isn't that tots hot?

So hot, I growled as I fucked Heidi's bowels.

I pounded her anal sheath with force. I buried deep and hard into her bowels. It was so much fun burying to the hilt in my daughter's asshole. She moaned into her twin's cunt. I gripped Heidi's hips as I pounded her bowels.

I drove my dick deep and hard into her anal sheath. I fucked her with passion. I buried hard and fast. I loved every second of thrusting into her bowels. My nuts slapped into her taint as I rose toward my orgasm. 

Heidi moaned into her sister's pussy. I pounded my daughter's asshole as she shuddered. Jaclyn quivered from what her twin did to her, those lush boobs jiggling. I stared into my daughter's eyes while fucking her twin's tight asshole.

Yas, Daddy! Jaclyn moaned. She's tots licking all your cum out of her pussy!

Just delish! whimpered Heidi. Cum and pussy! Your cum, Daddy, and Jaclyn's pussy! It's tots the best! Yas!

Her asshole clamped down hard as she fasted on her sister's creampie. I loved it. I fucked Heidi hard, my nuts slapping onto her taint. I rose toward that moment of eruption. I would spurt all my cum into her anal sheath. Just flood her with so much cum.

I was so ready to just dump my load into her anal sheath. That was such a hot thing to do. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her with force. I loved pounding her cunt with my big dick, swelling toward my orgasm.

She groaned, squeezing her asshole around my dick. She held me tight. I loved every second of her fucking into me. It was outstanding to pound her. My wife and eldest daughter kept sixty-nining, making each other cum and cum.

They moaned. Gasped. Shuddered.

It was so hot watching them as I fucked Heidi's asshole. I pounded her bowels.

Daddy! she moaned, her asshole clamping down so hard on me. 

It was magnificent to fuck her asshole. I pounded her anal sheath hard and fast. I fucked to the hilt in her bowels again and again. I loved every second of it. The pressure in my nuts swelled with every hard thrust into my little girl's bowels.

She moaned, feasting on her twin's pussy. Jaclyn trembled. She kneaded her tits and jiggled them, her blue eyes locked on me as I fucked her sister's asshole. I grinned at Jaclyn as I pounded Heidi's bowels. I reveled in that hot flesh.

She squeezed her anal sheath around me. I swelled toward that big bursting point. I came closer and closer to exploding. It was outstanding to pound her bowels. My nuts tightened as she moaned louder and louder.

Oh, fuck, that's good, bitch! Jaclyn moaned, her fingers digging into her boobs. Yas, bitch! I'm cumming!

Jaclyn bucked as she drowned her sister in pussy cream. It was such a hot thing to witness as I fucked Heidi's asshole. I pounded my daughter's asshole, coming closer and closer to erupting into her bowels. It was such a rush to do.

Heidi's head snapped up as I buried deep into her asshole. Daddy!

Her bowels spasmed around my dick. She suckled at me. I groaned, loving what she did to me. Her hot flesh rippled around me. She suckled at me with force. I savored that hot delight rippling around me. The pressure swelled in my nuts.

Fuck! I groaned as I erupted.

I pumped my cum into my daughter's asshole. I grunted with each blast of cum that burst out of me. It was such a thrill. The heat washed across my mind. Stars danced across my vision as I pumped her bowels full of my cum.

I filled her to the brim with everything that I had. She moaned, her asshole suckling at my cock as she moaned into Jaclyn's pussy. I grunted with each blast of cum, the ecstasy slamming through my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I basted my daughter's bowels in cum.

Shit! I groaned.

Oh, yes, yes, Derrick, my wife purred.

She was out from beneath Ann, licking her lips soaked in pussy cream as she watched me dumping my load into her daughter's asshole. I savored that hot asshole spasming around my cock as I hit that peak. I erupted one last blast of cum into Heidi's bowels.

Panting, I pulled out of her and shuddered as my wife remembered Chaz's instructions. Karin was such a loving woman. She moved before me and took my hard cock in her hand. She licked up the shaft, tasting our daughter's asshole.

Mmm, she purred as she savored that dirty flavor. Let me just clean that for you.

Thanks, honey, I groaned as she swallowed my cock. 

A big smile spread on my lips as Karin suckled on my cock. My dick twitched in her mouth as she worked up and down my dick. It was fantastic to have her sucking on me like that. I groaned, loving her nursing with everything that she had.

She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with all her strength. It was an absolute delight. I loved every second of her nursing on me. She worked that hot mouth up and down my dick.

Yes, yes, Karin, I groaned. 

She listens to Chaz, said Ann, watching her mother sucking on my dick.

Chaz is such a good guy, purred Heidi as she cuddled up with her twin sister.

Yas! Jaclyn agreed.

My wife moaned around my cock and suckled hard. She winked at me, the only one who knew I was Chaz. She suckled hard on me. She nursed with such passion on my dick, buffing my rod clean of our daughter's asshole.

I savored her tongue sweeping around my dick. It was such a delight to have her nursing on me like that. She knew just what she was doing. I groaned, savoring that hot mouth working up and down my dick. 

Karin, I groaned, enjoying her tongue. She had such a wonderful mouth. Damn, girls, you inherited your cock-sucking skills from your mother!

Yas! Heidi and Jaclyn moaned together as they watched. 

Mmm, suck his cock, Mommy, Ann moaned, her eyes hot as she watched.

I just savored that hot mouth working up and down my dick. She suckled so hard as she buffed my clean. I groaned, her tongue dancing around my dick. My nuts twitched and throbbed, building and building with the cum that I would flood into my wife's mouth.

I savored that wonderful mouth sucking on my dick. I felt my wife's love with her every suckle. She showed me how much she cared with that hot mouth of hers. I groaned as she bobbed her head, the pressure building and building in my nuts.

I rose toward it, savoring that hot delight. I would just

The front door burst open and Bell, our youngest daughter of eighteen, darted in. She had tears spilling down her cheeks, her dyed-pink hair swaying around her features. She was clearly in distress even as she pulled off her crop top and threw it down, her round breasts held in a pink bra.

D-daddy! she sobbed and rushed to me even as she unfastened her bra. It flung it off as she reached me. She pressed her naked tits against me and buried her face into my chest, trembling.

Her mother stopped sucking for a moment as I hugged my youngest. Karin resumed sucking as I groaned, What's wrong, Bell?

I... I... I found my... my... Her body shook with her emotion. My hand stroked her naked back. She trembled against me. 

It's okay, Bell, I told her. How can Daddy make this right. I would make it right with Chaz.

It's Izzy! That was her best friend. She's b-been... t-t-trash t-talking me b-behind my back! My daughter trembled as she squirmed against me. I... I thought we were... But she was saying... It was so mean, Daddy!

Fuck, I growled, my wife sucking so hard. I could feel her anger in how fast she bobbed her head and the aggression of her nursing. My orgasm swelled and swelled toward that moment I would erupt in her mouth. Get my phone. Let me... Let me talk to Chaz.

He's such a good guy, said Bell and broke away from me. 

He'll fix it! Anger throbbed through me. Such rage that only made my wife sucking on my dick that much better.

Bell grabbed my phone and rushed back over to me. She handed it to me, her round tits jiggling. She wiggled out of her jeans next. Chaz told her she should go around naked in the house, so she was doing just that. 

I swiped on my phone, savoring my wife sucking hard on my dick. She worshiped me with angry passion as I found Isabella Smith's Instagram profile. She had a shot of her with a few other girls at an ice cream shop.

I stared at the girl that had made my daughter cry. She was a busty, black-haired girl of eighteen. A slut that needed to be taught a lesson. The pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point as I thought about what to make her do.

Fuck! I growled and erupted into my wife's mouth.

My cum spurted over and over into Karin's mouth. She gulped it down. She swallowed all my jizz. Just gulped it down with hunger. The pleasure slammed through me, wiping out my anger for a moment. 

I grunted with each eruption. I flooded my wife's mouth with everything that I had. I shuddered, enjoying this moment. The pleasure swept through me. She gulped it down with hunger as I stared at Izzy. That cunt.

That cow.

I knew what I had to do to her. 

Yes! I growled as I erupted into my wife's mouth one last time.

You come over to Bell's house right now, apologize to her for being a cunt, then strip naked and beg for her daddy to spank you. After, you beg him to fuck you in the ass while you eat bell's pussy until she cums in your mouth. Then she'll...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Isabella Izzy Smith

I have to go, I told Gabi, Denise, and Brenda as I suddenly had to go and apologize to Bell for being such a cunt to her. Sorry!

They were shocked as I ran out of the ice cream shop. I hopped into my car and hauled ass to Bell's house. I had to get there so fast. I just knew it was important. Chaz wanted me to do it, and he was such a good guy.

My phone was blowing up with comments calling me a cunt and a whore and I deserved to have all those things done to me for being so mean to Bell. Tears filled my eyes. I was so horrible to my best friend. I just started... venting. I hadn't meant for her to overhear them, but she had. I was such a cunt.

I screeched to a stop before the Carpenters' house. I jumped out of my car and rushed up to the front door. I burst through it and found the family waiting naked for me. They were all glaring at me. Bell had tears in her eyes as she stood by her daddy. 

I rushed over to her and gasped, I'm so sorry for being a cunt. I was just such a terrible person. I didn't mean those things. I just got carried away. I pulled off my tight, pink top and threw it down. Please, please, forgive me, Bell!

Those words hurt, she said as I unhooked my black bra, freeing my big boobs. They bounced before me. Why should I accept it.

You're so right, I moaned and shoved off my skinny jeans. I wiggled them off my hips and worked them down my thighs. Maybe your father can spank me for being such a cunt to you. I'm so, so, sorry, Bell!

I stepped out of my jeans and ripped down my thong. I stepped out of it, naked. I bent over the couch, her mother glaring at me. Along with all three of her older sisters, the twins' faces covered in drying jizz. 

Please, please spank me, Mr. Carpenter, for being such a cunt to your daughter, I whimpered I was such a terrible person. I need to be punished. Chaz is so right.

Yes, you do, he said, moving behind me. He grabbed my ass and squeezed it. You need to be spanked for being such a horrible cunt to my daughter. You made her cry. You made my baby girl cry!
CRACK! 

His hand slapped down hard on my rump. I bucked, my stomach pressing into the armrest. Pain exploded across my rump. I squealed at the heat that blazed across my asscheek. I squirmed there, tears bursting in my eyes.

I'm so sorry, Bell, I said, staring at her as my ass burned. I was such a bitch for saying all those mean 

CRACK! 

Things! I howled, my body bucking. The tears spilled hot down my ass. I couldn't believe how much it burned. 

CRACK!

I'm just a disgusting girl for saying those things, I whimpered, my vision blurry from the tears, the pain blazing across my rump. I'm so, so sorry. I won't ever do it again. 

CRACK!

It hurt so badly. I shuddered at the pain blazing across my rump. My fist slammed into the couch cushion. Her father was so angry at me. Her mother glared at me while Bell trembled. We had been besties forever. 

I'm so sorry! I sobbed. 

CRACK!

But why did you say those things! Bell demanded. If you didn't mean them!

I just got carried away being such a trashy bitch, I whimpered, my ass on fire. It hurt so 

CRACK! 

Oh, fuck! My ass blazed. I won't ever do it again! I'm so very, very sorry! Let me lick your pussy while your daddy fucks my asshole to prove how sorry I am! You know I hate anal!

CRACK! 

Hate anal, huh? Mr. Carpenter said, sounding excited. What do you say, Bell? She sounds like she's starting to apologize.

If you make me cum and drink everything, maybe, Bell said, glaring at me, her arms folded beneath her round boobs.

I promise! I stared at her, my eyes burning from my tears. Please, please, let me crawl to you and eat your pussy out to show you how sorry I am!

Bell swallowed and nodded.

I crawled off the armrest. 

SLAP! 

Her father smacked my ass, but it wasn't as hard as the others. More encouraging me to crawl. I whimpered as the pain sank down to my pussy which was getting so wet. I sank onto my hands and knees and moved toward Bell.

My big boobs swayed beneath me as I crawled toward my friend like the bitch I was. I came closer and closer to her shaved pussy. We had eaten each other out so many times. I had taken her cherry with my hairbrush handle. I supported her when she started doing OnlyFans and when she stopped to be a good girl, and yet... 

I'm so sorry, I moaned as I came closer to her.

She stepped back, pulling her pussy away from me. You were so mean, Izzy!

I'm so sorry, I groaned as I kept crawling toward her as she took another step back. I would show her how sorry I am. I won't ever do it again. I was such a dumb cunt for saying those words.

Yes, you were, she said, nodding in full agreement.

Finally, she stopped so I could reach her pussy. The familiar scent of her spicy twat filled my nose. I groaned as I leaned in, the pain in my rump fading as I kissed her twat. My lips pressed into her snatch and licked her. I tongued her to show her how sorry I was.

I stroked through her petals, licking her with everything that I had. I was so, so sorry. I was such a cunt to her. That was so wrong of me. I couldn't believe that I was such a bitch to her. I thrust my tongue into her pussy.

Izzy! she groaned, her round boobs jiggling over my head.

Her daddy slapped his cock down on my rump. I groaned at the stinging pain that swept through me. I gasped into my friend's pussy and shivered there. I deserved this reminder that I was such a cunt to Bell. She was amazing, and I was so terrible.

Her father slid his cock down into my butt-crack. He pushed his dick right down to my anal ring. I shuddered as he drilled against me there. He pushed into my backdoor. I whimpered as he thrust without mercy against my anal sheath.

Fuck the little whore's asshole, Daddy! one of the twins said as the other added, Cha! Fuck that cunt's asshole so hard! She tots deserves it!

Yes, she does, Mrs. Carpenter said with heat as her husband thrust his cock hard against my asshole.

He rammed past my sphincter and sank into my bowels. I moaned into Bell's spicy cunt. My tongue wiggled around in her as his cock sank into my bowels. He penetrated deeper and deeper into me. I whimpered as the heat melted to my cunt.

I shuddered here as his big dick filled my bowels. The heat washed through me as his cock rammed deeper and deeper into my anal sheath until he bottomed out in me. I had all his dick in my tight asshole. I shuddered and tongued Bell's cunt.

I licked and lapped at her, gathering up her juice and making her shudder. She moaned as I feasted on her, staring down at me as her Daddy drew back his cock. He rammed it back into my bowels. He buried it deep and hard.

Fuck! I gasped, my eyes bugling and my ass burning. 

His crotch spanked my rump as he plowed his cock in and out of my asshole. He buried to the hilt in me as I tongued his daughter's cunt. I couldn't believe how deep and hard he fucked me. He was merciless, my asshole burning and my butt-cheeks blazing with stinging heat. 

I was such a cunt, though. I deserved this. I feasted on Bell with all my might as he filled me up with his big dick. He fucked me over and over again. He plowed his cock deep and hard into my bowels, the heat melting to my cunt.

A hot itch grew in there. 

I whimpered into Bell's cunt as his dick fucked me hard and fast. The pain burned across my rump and mixed with the heat blazing in my bowels. It was... stimulating. I shuddered, feasting on Bell's spicy pussy with gusto.

I quivered as I realized it was incredible being ass-fucked by Bell's angry father. He growled as he fucked my bowels. I shuddered, savoring the heat blazing through my nethers and swelling my orgasm. I whimpered and flicked my tongue to Bell's clit.

That's it, she hissed. You apologize for being such a cunt!

I suckled hard on her bud, my orgasm building from her father's hard ass-fucking. He pumped away hard at me, his crotch spanking my burning rump. I moaned around her bud. She stared down at me, her eyes burning hot.

I flicked my tongue around her clit. I stroked her bud as she quivered there. Her round boobs jiggled as I loved her pearl. I wanted to make her cum. I had to make her explode to show her just how sorry I was.

Ooh, make my sister cum, Ann said. Dirty whore!

Such a nasty bitch! hissed Mrs. Carpenter. I can't believe you would hurt her feelings, Izzy! I thought you two were best friends!

Me, too, Bell said.

I'm so sorry, I whimpered, her father fucking me hard and fast.

You will be, he growled as he pounded me with that magnificent dick. He fucked me hard and fast. It was an amazing delight to have him pounding me like that.

I swelled toward my orgasm. I thought anal sucked, but I just needed a man to show me I was wrong. This was an incredible rush to have him fucking me. He pounded my bowels as I worshiped his daughter's clit.

I loved her bud.

All I wanted was to make her cum so hard.

I swirled my tongue around her bud, stroking her naughty clit. I gripped her father's dick with my anal sheath. He grunted as he fucked me hard and fast. He buried his dick to the hilt in my anal sheath, his nuts slapping heavily into my taint.

Bell quivered. Close to cumming.

I suckled hard on Bell's clit. She gasped and threw back her head. Yes!

Her pussy juices gushed out of her cunt and flooded my mouth.

She grabbed the back of my head as her father kept ass-fucking me. He grunted, slamming that dick deep into my bowels while I drank down Bell's spicy cunt cream. I gulped it all down as she bucked on me, smearing her hot flesh across my lips.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, you're almost done apologizing!

I tongued her cunt, licking at her flesh, my orgasm swelling in me. I was so close to cumming from her daddy's hard cock fucking me. She trembled, her round boobs jiggling while her mother marched up beside her.

You know what to do, honey, to make her really apologize! Mrs. Carpenter hissed as her husband slammed his cock into my asshole.

Yes, Mommy! Bell moaned, her hand gripping the back of my head. I knew what was next.
I closed my eyes and sealed my lips around her pussy.

She pissed in my mouth.

My best friend unleashed a torrent of her urine. The acrid liquid filled my mouth. It was so nasty. I gulped it down as her father slammed his cock to the hilt in my naughty asshole. I shuddered, such a disgusting girl for being such a bitch.

I climaxed.

I drank my friend's piss as my asshole convulsed around my dick. My anal sheath spasmed around her father's dick as Bell groaned. She swayed there, enjoying pissing in my mouth. My mind drowned in rapture as I swallowed more of the disgusting urine.

Fuck! her father growled and plowed into my bowels.

He buried to the hilt in my anal sheath and erupted.

Yes, yes, cum in her, Daddy! Bell's oldest sister cheered.

Yas, Daddy! the twins squealed as all that cum pumped into my bowels.

My anal sheath writhed around Mr. Carpenter's dick. I worked out his cum as the pleasure swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as I shuddered through all that rapture. It was an incredible rush to have all that bliss sweeping through me even as I drank piss like a despicable slut.

The humiliation of cumming while swallowing my friend's urine only had me cumming harder. My anal sheath rippled around Mr. Carpenter's cock. I milked out the jizz. He grunted as he spurted the last of his cum into my bowels. 

I quivered there as Bell's stream petered out. She panted there, her round boobs jiggling. I quivered as her father pulled out of my asshole. His jizz followed, trickling down my taint to my pussy. My cunt cream dripped down my thighs.

I'm so sorry, Bell, I moaned as I stared up at her. I heard her Dad messing around on his phone, typing something.

My phone dinged with a new Instagram message. I just knew what it said. Good guy Chaz had posted. The words were almost burned into my mind. I could almost see them, that was how powerful this message was.

You're the Carpenters' live-in sex slave. You will do the cleaning and pleasures them with your body for being such a terrible person. Now beg to be their sex slave.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

Please, please, let me be your family's live-in sex slave, Bell, Izzy moaned, piss and pussy cream dripping from her chin. 

Okay, Bell said. Apology accepted... slave! Now... go suck my Daddy's dick clean of your nasty ass then, um, vacuum!

Yes, Mistress Bell, our family's new sex slave said. That would teach Izzy to be mean to my daughter. I could do anything. And I bet there were so many others out there who had to be punished.

Good Guy Chaz would find their Instagram profiles and make sure they changed. 

To be continued...