TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE
	
By Dickins

Chapter 10, Cruel Punishments

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Adjusting their eyes to the brightness of the gas lit corridor,
Daisy led Jane out of the darkness and down another corridor
until they arrived at yet another door, but unlike the last one,
this one led them down several steps into a room which Jane
assumed because it was colder must be in the basement.

Similarly furnished to the last room with a platform and two
chairs at eye height to the spyholes and grilles it was well
suited to its purpose. Jane felt the coolness of the brickwork
and although there was some ventilation there was no window which
made her reliant on Daisys help to guide her to her chair.
Adjusting her rubber cock to make herself comfortable, Jane sat
down and excitingly placed her eyes up against her spyhole and
peered into the room on the other side.

To her surprise what she saw was not only breath-taking but it
also matched what Daisy had told her. The room was large enough
for its purpose and it was intimate enough for everyone to see
and enjoy the action. It had thick brick walls that had been
covered in white lime wash to help reflect the light from the gas
sconces and it had a half-moon window high up on the wall at one
end. Jane remembered seeing several half-moon windows at ground
level as she was alighting her carriage but at the time had
thought nothing of them.

From where they were sitting they could see everything and at the
opposite end to the window there was a raised stage. No expense
had been spared on the equipment and apparatus displayed on it.
There was a rack of implements on the back wall including straps,
canes and whips, two sturdy punishment horses, one small one to
the left and one large one in the centre, a table of accessories
some of which were quite puzzling in nature, a swing with
attachments to the right of the stage, two large mirrors on
stands and a comfortable armchair that had been placed on a
raised dais in the middle of the room facing the stage.

There were grilles above the spyholes which not only provided
fresh air but a means by which those watching could also hear the
little darlings cruel lessons. Also, the spyholes were
positioned so that no matter where you were watching from
everyone had a good view of their punishments.

Tell me! Is the punishment room soundproofed? Jane asked.

No! Not as such, but its location and the thickness of its walls
all help to reduce any sounds. Why do you ask? Daisy asked.

Oh! It is just that the poor darlings screams might be
overheard in other parts of the orphanage, Jane explained.

Well! All the staff and those on the other side of these walls
know about the punishment room, so there has never been a concern
about ensuring that it is soundproofed, besides abusing the
little darlings until they scream has always been an integral
part of Hillcrofts regime and is appreciated and expected by
both the staff and the benefactors alike, Daisy replied.

I see! Jane replied.

Then, as if on que, the door to the punishment room swung open
and a woman dressed in black with her hair tied up in a bun
swiftly entered. Her black attire stood out against the whiteness
of the walls and she busied herself testing the canes, crops,
whips and straps hanging on the rack and making sure that
everything was accessible. Satisfied that everything was ready
she acknowledged her audience, something she always did, after
all they were paying dearly and she had a reputation to uphold.

That is Miss Brown, Daisy said.

To Jane the woman looked younger and more attractive than she had
expected and as she busied herself she was becoming noticeably
quite flushed.

She is becoming quite flushed, Jane said.

Well! When she is the schoolroom she must spend much of her time
sitting behind her desk and any punishments she does meter out,
such as a spanking or a caning she must administer either sitting
or standing. Whereas, here in the punishment room there is much
more freedom for her to move around so her rubber cock often
makes her flushed, something I am quite sure you will
understand, Daisy explained.

Oh Yes! Jane replied, remembering how the movement of her
carriage on the way here to Hillcroft had caused her rubber cock
to make her quite flushed.

Then suddenly there was a knock at the door and Miss Brown opened
it to an elderly woman who was also dressed in black. She was
carrying a carpetbag and although she had a walking cane she
still needed to be helped over to the comfortable armchair.
Placing her carpetbag down by the side of the chair she made
herself comfortable and then with Miss Browns help she carefully
sat down.

To Jane, the womans behaviour was of no surprise as just like
her and all the other onlookers she would be wearing a
masturbatory devise to make her visit as enjoyable as possible.

Good afternoon my Lady. I do hope you are keeping well? Miss
Brown asked.

Yes! Thank you. It has been a while since my last visit and I am
eager to meet those little darlings that you have chosen to
punish this afternoon, Lady Darlington said with a broad smile.

Well my Lady! I have chosen three penitents to entertain you,
two of which according to your wishes have not been to the
punishment room before, Miss Brown explained with a smile.

Excellent! I do enjoy seeing the look of fright on their faces
when they see the equipment and apparatus that might be used on
them for the first time and to watch them struggling to come to
terms with all the humiliation and the pain as they are
physically and sexually abused under the pretext of being
punished, Lady Darlington replied.

I have also chosen one poor darling my Lady who has been here
before but showed signs of enjoying herself too much whilst
astride the smaller horse so is in need of being reminded of just
how painful it can be when made to ride the larger horse, so all
in all it will be quite a new experience for all of them, Miss
Brown explained.

A new experience? Lady Darlington exclaimed.

Yes my Lady! So far they have only been punished by me in the
schoolroom so being brought to the punishment room will not only
be a new experience but also quite challenging, Miss Brown
replied.

Challenging? Lady Darlington replied.

Yes! Like yourself my Lady, I demand high standards and I
operate a system of demerits for bad behaviour, inattention and
poor marks. When I am in the classroom I punish their bottoms and
thighs but I must say that I find that most restrictive. However,
I have found that by bringing them here is less restrictive and I
can take my time to teach them some very different lessons, Miss
Brown explained.

Different lessons? Lady Darlington said.

Oh yes my Lady! It is only here in the punishment room that I
can enjoy punishing them. By that I mean I can not only spank,
strap, cane and whip their bottoms and thighs but I can also
include their genitals, Miss Brown explained.

I quite understand my dear. When I was starting out as a
governess I also found it very frustrating to be limited to just
their bottoms and thighs but nevertheless made the most of my
privileged position. However, I found out through some discreet
conversations that there were some parents and guardians who
showed a real interest in wanting to be present during their
daughters and wards punishments, so I obliged them by letting
them watch from by behind a screen, Lady Darlington explained.

Did that make it easier for you? Miss Brown asked.

Oh yes! I found that it not only had the effect of giving me the
freedom to include their genitals but also to do what I wanted
without disapproval because I was putting on a show for them. So
every time I punished them I had to come up with something new to
keep them interested, and if nothing else it made it more
satisfying knowing that no matter what I did I could do it
without any interference and with the knowledge that I was not
the only one enjoying myself, Lady Darlington explained.

Well! It would seem that we agree on how to get the most
enjoyment out of punishing the little darlings then, Miss Brown
said with a broad smile.

We certainly do and you will get no disapproval from me my dear.
Now I see that you have acquired a new piece of equipment since
my last visit, Lady Darlington said, with a smile.

Yes my Lady! You will be familiar with the two punishment horses
but since your last visit I have acquired a swing with
attachments which you will be able to see in action very soon as
I can hear Miss Hughes approaching with our first penitent, Miss
Brown explained.

Who is Miss Hughes? Jane asked.

Well! Miss Hughes is Miss Browns assistant and she helps teach
and punish the girls both in the schoolroom and here in the
punishment room. Like all the female staff she was appointed by
the matron because she has a penchant for young girls and she has
the right temperament, Daisy explained.

The right temperament! Jane said.

Yes! She not only enjoys her work but like all the staff here at
Hillcroft she has a sadistic streak and does not let anything
come in the way of her own pleasures even when there is an
audience, Daisy replied.

What do think about the swing my Lady? Miss Brown asked.

As you know I prefer to see them being made to ride the
punishment horses but the swing is an interesting addition to
your arsenal and I am sure it will prove to be most
entertaining, Lady Darlington replied.

Thank you my Lady, Miss Brown replied.

Reassured that everyone had been given enough time to assimilate
all the equipment and apparatus on the stage Miss Brown calmly
closed the curtains so that the contents would remain a mystery
to those poor little darlings nervously waiting to be punished.

Who is Lady Darlington? Jane asked.

Well! Lady Darlington is one of Hillcrofts more affluent
benefactors and she pays dearly for the privilege of being
allowed to be in the punishment room whilst Miss Brown punishes
her pupils. Like Miss Reynolds she used to be a governess and has
a reputation of being very strict with her charges so she will no
doubt be expecting to be well entertained this afternoon in
exchange for her generosity to Hillcrofts desperately needed
funds, Daisy explained.

Well entertained! Jane said.

Oh yes! Here in the privacy of the punishment room she is not
restricted to punishing just their bottoms and thighs like she is
in the schoolroom, she punishes their breasts, nipples and their
sore cunts and anuses which is most entertaining to watch, Daisy
explained.

I see! Tell me why are there two sizes of punishment horse?
Jane asked.

Well! That is because although the horses are of a similar
structure and have leather saddles in proportion to their size
they are designed to take different weights, Daisy explained.

Any thoughts about the size of the horses and the woman were soon
forgotten when Jane heard a knock at the door. When opened her
assistant Miss Hughes, strap in hand, quickly ushered her nervous
little charge over to stand in front of her Ladyship.

Dressed in her orphanage uniform she was wearing a yellow ribbon
attached to her long dark tresses denoting that as she was new to
Hillcroft and that her experience of any physical and sexual
abuse was minimal. As she stood in front of her Ladyship she
showed signs of wanting to look around, but any attempt to do so
was quickly thwarted by Miss Hughes who stood behind her with her
hands firmly on her shoulders.

Curtsey! Miss Brown ordered.

Not having stood in front of a real Lady before the poor darling
hesitated but she quickly responded when Miss Hughes placed her
hands down the front of her midi blouse and pinched her nipples
making her scream.

Stand up straight and stop your blubbering girl, Miss Hughes
ordered.

Now listen! This is Lady Darlington who is an experienced
governess. She is going to observing how I punish my pupils, to
offer advice and to help me punish you, do you understand? Miss
Brown said.

Yes Miss! the girl replied.

Has she been prepared? Miss Brown asked.

Yes Madam! She has had a large glass of lemonade and I have
examined her thoroughly. Her genitals are still sore from her
morning ablutions which were doubled because she would be
entertaining you this afternoon but her bottom and thighs are
firm and unblemished and I can see no reason for any leniency,
Miss Hughes explained.

No! Please Miss! the girl pleaded.

Be quite girl! My Lady this is our first penitent, Miss Brown
explained.

Please Miss! What is a penitent? the girl asked.

That is a very good question, Lady Darlington said, looking to
Miss Brown to provide an answer.

Well! A penitent is someone like yourself who has been naughty
but rather than being punished in the schoolroom in front of the
others is brought to the punishment room where they can try and
redeem themselves, Miss Brown replied.

Please Miss! What does redeem mean? the child asked.

That is quite enough of your impertinence, Miss Brown barked.

What is your name child? Lady Darlington asked, her directness
disguising her lust for the pretty tart and her eagerness to see
her thoroughly abused under the pretext of being punished.

Ruth! the girl replied.

Ruth what! Miss Hughes barked, lifting the back of her kilt and
strapping the backs of her thighs.

Ruth my Lady, Ruth screamed, her hands immediately shooting to
rub the backs of her thighs.

How old are you Ruth? Lady Darlington asked.

Nine! Ruth whimpered.

Nine what! Miss Hughes barked, lifting the front of her kilt
and then strapping the fronts of her thighs.

Nine my Lady! Please I am sorry, Ruth screamed, her hands
desperately rubbing the fronts and backs of her thighs and in
doing so inadvertently showed off her deliciously sore little
cunt to her Ladyship.

Pleading with her Ladyship will do you no good my girl, Miss
Brown said.

Why is she being punished? Lady Darlington asked.

Well my Lady! She is impertinent as you have witnessed. Although
she has only been at Hillcroft for a short time I have decided
that being brought to the punishment room where she can be taught
some manners will help her to realise that I will not tolerate
any impertinence, Miss Brown replied.

She needs to be taught some manners, Miss Hughes said,
tightening her grip on the childs shoulders.

I quite agree! Lady Darlington replied.

Well! What do you think of our first penitent my Lady? Miss
Brown asked.

To her Ladyship, any girl who is new to the punishment room is
going to be most entertaining to watch as she struggles with the
humiliation and pain and this poor darling was going to be no
exception.

Oh! I will need to see much more of the girl before I can
comment, Lady Darlington replied.

Of course! My apologies my Lady, Miss Brown said.

Remove your kilt and hand it to Miss Hughes, Miss Brown
ordered.

Ruth did as she was told and as she turned to hand her kilt to
Miss Hughes she had the opportunity to look around and it gave
her Ladyship a glimpse of her lovely little bottom.

To Ruth, the curtained stage looked daunting, but as she did not
know what lay behind them she remained calm. However, to her
Ladyship, Miss Hughes and Miss Brown knowing what lay behind them
and the pain and humiliation the poor darling would soon be
feeling only served to stir their passions.

Turn around! Miss Brown ordered.

Ruth did as she was told and stood with her back to her Ladyship
offering her a much better view of her bottom and thighs.
However, standing facing the curtained stage made her nervous and
the coldness of the room started to make her shiver, something
that did not go unnoticed by the cruel women as they watched
eagerly.

You have a lovely bottom, Lady Darlington remarked, the
contrast between the strap marked thighs and the lovely
unblemished bottom reminding her of her own methods. To her, it
was necessary to start with their thighs first to get them used
to the pain before unleashing a frenzy of fire into their tender
bottoms and genitals.

Thank you my Lady, Ruth replied.

That will be quite enough of that my girl. Now open your thighs
as wide as you can and bend forward and then place your hands
flat on the floor, Miss Brown ordered.

Ruth did as she was told with some assistance from Miss Hughes
who helped her to part her thighs the required distance so that
her Ladyship could get a much better view of her sore cunt and
anus and to appreciate the contrast between her strap marked
thighs and the paleness of her bottom.

Now! Stand up and turn around and face her Ladyship, Miss Brown
ordered.

Ruth did as she was told but had to be steadied by Miss Hughes
who offered no sympathy as the child swayed placing her hands
anywhere and everywhere under the pretext of helping her. When
she was in position it became clear from her Ladyships broad
smile that she was delighted so Miss Brown sought to ask her
again for her comments.

Well! What do you think of our first penitent now my Lady? Miss
Brown asked.

To Miss Hughes, the penitents were there to be punished. But to
Miss Brown and Lady Darlington the penitents were there to be
punished but also to be humiliated and sexually abused in order
to entertain the audience who had paid dearly to see them suffer.

Well! I am impressed but I will still need to question her
further, her Ladyship replied, with a smile.

Very well! I quite understand my Lady! Miss Brown said.

Now! Listen carefully. There is no doubt that you are
impertinent and you deserved to be severely punished, but what I
want to know is how you think that Miss Brown is going to punish
you? Lady Darlington asked.

There was silence as Ruth thought about the question. Since she
arrived at Hillcroft she had only known the punishments that Miss
Brown had given her in the schoolroom but she knew that this was
going to be different and she did not want to say the wrong
thing.

I am sorry my Lady, but I am not sure what you mean, Ruth
replied.

Well! What I want to know is where you think that Miss Brown is
going to punish you? Lady Darlington asked.

On my bottom and thighs my Lady, Ruth replied.

That is correct. She is going to punish you on your bottom and
thighs but where else? Lady Darlington teased.

I am not sure my Lady Ruth replied.

Well let me explain. You have been brought here because you
deserve a more severe punishment than Miss Brown can give you in
the schoolroom. Here in the privacy of the punishment room you
have the chance to redeem yourself, that is if you agree to
having your genitals included in your punishment, Lady
Darlington teased.

Oh please! Not there, Ruth replied.

Oh please! Not there what? Miss Hughes asked, strapping her
thighs hard.

Oh please not there my Lady, Ruth screamed.

Where! Lady Darlington said, with a smile.

On my private parts my Lady, Ruth replied.

Do you mean your cunt and anus? Lady Darlington teased.

Yes my Lady! Ruth said.

Why? Lady Darlington asked.

Because! Because they are already so very sore my Lady, Ruth
replied.

I see! But does it not also hurt to have your bottom and thighs
punished? Lady Darlington asked.

Oh yes my Lady, but it will hurt even more on my sore cunt and
anus, Ruth explained.

Well! That makes no difference as Miss Brown will be punishing
your cunt and anus as well as your bottom and thighs. However,
when you leave here you will be taken to the infirmary where
Nurse Jones and her assistants will soothe your aches and pains,
but if you like I can apply some salve before your punishment to
soothe your sore cunt and anus. Would you like that my dear?
Lady Darlington teased.

Will it hurt my lady? Ruth asked, her voice betraying her
anxiety.

A little, but it will hurt much more if you do not. Do you want
me to apply some salve to your sore cunt and anus before Miss
Brown punishes you? Lady Darlington teased.

Yes please my Lady! Ruth replied.

Very well come here, Lady Darlington said, lifting the hem of
her dress and parting her thighs as wide as the material would
allow. To her nothing quite compared with the thrill of punishing
her charges little bottoms and thighs except perhaps to
masturbating them albeit under the pretext of soothing their sore
genitals.

Ruth did as she was told with assistance from Miss Hughes and
quickly found herself positioned between Lady Darlingtons thighs
and facing towards the wall where Daisy and Jane were watching
from. As if that was not enough her Ladyship then closed her
thighs tight and began to fondle the little tarts bottom and
thighs.

To Daisy, Ruth was just another pupil to be punished. To Jane
however, the poor darling was not only attractive but due to her
age she was vulnerable and given what she now knew about her
Ladyships passions she could quite understand why Miss Brown had
chosen her to be the first to entertain the cruel woman.

It would seem that you were correct Miss Hughes. Her bottom and
thighs are indeed firm and will easily withstand a severe
punishment, Lady Darlington said.

No please, my Lady Ruth whimpered, as her ladyship continued to
pinch her bottom and to fondle her strapped thighs.

Be quite girl! Miss Hughes barked.

Would you please pass me the salve and a towel from my
carpetbag, Lady Darlington said with a smile.

Miss Brown retrieved a pot of salve and a towel from the
carpetbag and then handed them to her Ladyship.

Making sure to cover her dress with the towel before applying the
salve the astute woman ensured that the girl was repositioned
again. Then without any ceremony she covered the fingers of both
her hands with the salve and then methodically masturbated the
tarts cunt using her left hand and her anus with her right not
stopping until she succumbed to her fingers and to the effects of
the special lemonade.

Is that better? Lady Darlington asked.

Yes thank you my Lady, Ruth replied.

Why is she using a clear salve? Jane exclaimed.

Well! It is of a clear substance so that no matter how much is
applied the redness of the skin beneath whether from abuse or
punishment can still be seen and enjoyed, Daisy explained.

I see! Jane replied.

Are you ready to redeem yourself now? Lady Darlington teased.

Please my Lady. What does redeem mean? Ruth asked.

Well! It means that you are sorry for being impertinent and that
you are ready to make amends by being severely punished, Lady
Darlington replied.

With Ruth held firmly between her thighs she turned her towards
the stage then holding her around the waste tightened her grip as
Miss Brown slowly opened the curtains all the time rubbing the
salve into the childs cunt with her right hand.

To her Ladyship, this was one of the moments she enjoyed as the
poor little darlings saw the equipment, apparatus and cruel
looking implements for the first time. It would nearly always
mean that they would panic and struggle and that they would also
start to cry delightfully.

She is ready now! Lady Darlington exclaimed, wiping her hands
on the towel and returning it along with the salve to her
carpetbag.

Very well! Bring her over here to the swing, Miss Brown
ordered.

Without hesitation Miss Hughes dragged the girl over to the
right-hand side of the stage and made her climb up and then stand
next to the swing. Then whilst holding her with one hand to stop
her bolting for the door operated the mechanism to lower the
swing with the other.

The swing consisted of a wooden bar for a seat which was
suspended between two ropes. Attached to these ropes and to the
edges of the wooden seat were cuffs to hold the penitent. Once in
place the swing with the poor darling attached could then be
lifted to the height of the punisher and then swung backwards and
forwards at a pace to suit their punisher.

Sit! Miss Brown ordered.

Miss Hughes helped Ruth to sit on the bar and she cuffed her
wrists to each of the ropes. It was not until she was told to
move her knees down over the bar that the poor darling realised
that they were also going to be cuffed to the corners of the
seat.

Please Miss! Ruth whimpered as her knees were being cuffed.

Now! Let your bottom drop down as far as will go, Miss Brown
ordered.

Ruth did as she was told with help from her mistress. Wearing
only her midi blouse, socks and shoes, the paleness of her bottom
contrasted deliciously against her strapped thighs and the
redness of her genitals. The position meant that her bottom and
thighs were not only widely parted but that her cunt and anus
were now tantalisingly available to be punished which only served
to make her predicament even more entertaining.

Put this on her! Lady Darlington said, retrieving a blindfold
from her carpetbag and handing it to Miss Brown to pass to Miss
Hughes.

Please Miss! Ruth whimpered.

Be quite! Miss Hughes said, showing no sympathy at all as she
placed the blindfold over the childs eyes.

Now! Lift the swing back up, Miss Brown ordered.

Miss Hughes operated the mechanism to lift the swing back up and
watched eagerly as Miss Brown took her time to select an
assortment of implements to take over to Lady Darlington for her
to choose from.

Ruth listened to her mistresss conversations but being attached
to the swing as she was with her bottom widely parted and her
cunt and anus so obscenely exposed there was little that she
could do to try and stop her cruel ordeal.

Which one of these do want me to use my Lady? Miss Brown asked.

For as long as she could remember she had deemed it necessary to
offer her paying guests in the punishment room the opportunity to
not only help and advise her but also to select the implements
they want to see being used.

After taking her time to examine all the implements Miss Brown
had handed her she was still undecided but then without ceremony
she handed them all back and reached into her carpetbag to
retrieve an implement of her own.

Use this! It is my favourite, Lady Darlington said, handing it
to Miss Brown.

Thank you! I remember it well, Miss Brown teased.

A whip! Jane exclaimed.

Yes! I have seen it being used by Miss Brown before when Lady
Darlington was visiting but it is quite different, Daisy
explained.

Different! Jane replied.

Yes! The tails are made from soft leather just like a martinet
but it has the length and the weight of a cat o nine tails.
Another feature is that the tails are full of knots and although
it looks menacing it is designed to sting but not to leave any
permanent marks. Also, as with all her other implements the
handle was shaped to be used to masturbate her charges and had
her family crest etched into it, Daisy explained.

I see! Jane replied.

Placing all the implements back onto the rack Miss Brown eagerly
tested the whip by swishing it through the air and bringing it
down hard onto the hind quarters of the punishment horse causing
the poor darlings little bottom to squirm delightfully in
anticipation.

Whip in hand Miss Brown approached and signalled to Miss Hughes
to keep the swing quite still. Then without ceremony she placed
the handle of the whip against the girls salve lubricated anus
and pushed hard until it breached her sphincter.

Please Miss! Take it out, Ruth screamed.

Why? Miss Brown teased.

It hurts Miss, Ruth managed to say before the handle was
unceremoniously withdrawn only to be just as unceremoniously
thrust back in again but this time into her cunt.

Please Miss! Not there, Ruth screamed.

Why not? Miss Brown teased.

Please Miss! It is much too big, Ruth pleaded.

That makes no difference. You told me to take it out and I did
that, but you did not tell me not to put it back in, Miss Brown
teased, delighted to see just how much her recent ministrations
had caused the girls clitoris to swell.

You are such a tart! Miss Brown teased.

Losing patience with the little darling Miss Brown brought the
tails of the whip down hard again on the nearby horse. This had
the effect of making Ruth struggle but more importantly it
awakened her Ladyships desire to see the little tart punished and
not just teased.

To Jane, the swing was a pleasant addition to what she had been
expecting to see but what was even more delightful was the way
that the three women operated together to leave the poor darling
totally vulnerable and unable to do anything to persuade them to
show any leniency.

It seems our little penitent is ready to be punished now, Lady
Darlington exclaimed.

Please Miss! Ruth pleaded.

Yes! I think you are right, Miss Brown replied, signalling to
Miss Hughes to set the swing in motion.

Please Miss! Do not hurt me, Ruth exclaimed.

As the swing brought the childs exposed bottom within her reach
the cruel woman drew her arm back and then started what could
only be described as a systematic whipping of her bottom, thighs,
cunt and anus making her scream and writhe most delightfully.

The knotted tips scoured her bottom and genitals as the poor
darling tried, but to no avail to close her bottom. Miss Hughes
continued to operate the swing as Miss Brown flicked the cruel
whip, smiling as the poor darling jerked her bottom, screaming in
agony as the tips of the whip scoured her tender flesh.
Please Miss! I will be good, Ruth screamed, trying desperately
to absorb the pain.

That makes no difference my dear! Miss Brown murmured, aiming
the knotted tips each side of the poor girls exposed vulva and
turning it a bright and vivid red forcing the hood of her
clitoris to stand proud of her stretched and flattened labia only
to flick the tips in between her bottom cheeks and directly onto
her tender unprotected cunt again and again making the little
darling scream breathlessly.

Please Miss! Ruth screamed.

Enough! You have done well for your first visit to the
punishment room my dear. However, you are not only impertinent
but you are nothing but a tart and it is time that you are taught
not to be such a tease, Lady Darlington said, her face starting
to look decidedly flushed.

Noting her Ladyships predicament and the fact that there were
still another two penitents to punish, Miss Brown reluctantly
brought the punishment to a close in the full knowledge that her
latest addition, the swing had been a successful means of
entertainment.

Very Well! Remove her from the swing and help her to the
infirmary. When you have done that you can bring us our next
penitent, Miss Brown ordered, handing the whip back to her
Ladyship who placed in back in her carpetbag.

Can we visit the infirmary before I go to meet Mrs Turner? Jane
asked.

Of course, but remember as I said you will not be able to
enter, Daisy replied.

Oh! What a shame, Jane said.

Do not worry though I know of a place above the infirmary where
we can go to watch Nurse Jones and her assistants and I assure
you that you will not be disappointed, Daisy replied.

Whilst Miss Hughes was escorting the poor little darling to the
infirmary and fetching the next penitent Miss Brown busied
herself making the area ready by positioning the mirrors either
side of the smaller horses head facing towards her Ladyship
before closing the curtains again.

It was not long before there was a knock at the door. When it was
opened Miss Hughes, strap in hand, quickly marched her charge
over to stand in front of her Ladyship.

To Jane, the girl looked a little older than the last one and
although she was dressed in her uniform with a blue ribbon
attached to her long tresses denoting that she had more
experience she was acting just as nervously. As with Ruth, Miss
Hughes stood behind her with her hands on her shoulders to stop
her from looking around the room.

Now listen! This is Lady Darlington who is an experienced
governess and she is here to advise and help with your
punishment, do you understand? Miss Brown asked.

Yes Miss! the girl replied.

Curtsey! Miss Hughes ordered.

As if she knew that her predicament would be much worse for her
if she did not obey the girl curtseyed and smiled at her Ladyship
as if to make sure that she did not get on the wrong side of the
formidable looking woman.

It was clear to Jane that her Ladyship was developing a radiant
expression on her face as she examined the pretty child. It was
true that the others who also had their eyes pinned to the
spyholes and were listening grilles would be experiencing the
same entertainment as her Ladyship, but it was with the
satisfaction of knowing that Miss Brown had chosen to punish this
little darling for her that clearly made her express an aura of
radiance.

Tell me! What is your name child? Lady Darlington asked with a
smile.

Edith your Ladyship, The child replied.

How old is she? Lady Darlington asked.

Taken aback as she was expecting the woman to ask the girl
directly Miss Brown had to remember how old she was but remained
calm as she knew from experience just how her Ladyship liked to
tease them.

She is Eleven your Ladyship, Miss Brown announced.

I see! I understand that you have not been to the punishment
room before is that correct? Lady Darlington asked.

Yes my Lady Edith replied.

Has she been prepared? Lady Darlington asked.

Well my Lady! Because she was on your list to be punished this
afternoon her morning ablutions were doubled and I understand
that she was given a large glass of the lemonade just before I
collected her, Miss Hughes replied.

So! What do you think of our second penitent your Ladyship?
Miss Brown asked.

I will know much better when I have seen her properly, Lady
Darlington said, her voice clearly giving away her excitement.

Of course! Have you examined her? Miss Brown asked.

Not yet madam, Miss Hughes replied.

Very well then do so now, Miss Brown ordered.

Miss Hughes removed Ediths midi blouse and fondled her budding
breasts to bring her nipples to attention. She then placed her
hand through the girls thighs from behind and after loosening
her kilt drew her hand back sharply so it rasped her sore
genitals making her scream. Next she ripped the kilt off the poor
darling leaving her naked except for her socks and shoes and
desperately rubbing her sore cunt and anus to try to elevate the
pain.

Turn around! Miss Brown ordered.

Edith did as she was told taking the opportunity to glimpse at as
much of the equipment and implements while she could. Nervous as
it was her first visit to the punishment room the poor darling
became confused and started to show signs of unease.

Are you nervous? Lady Darlington teased.

Yes my Lady, Edith replied.

That makes no difference my girl. Now open your thighs as wide
as you can and then bend forward and place your hands flat on the
floor, Miss Brown ordered.

Edith did as she was told with some assistance from Miss Hughes
who helped her to part her thighs the required distance so that
her Ladyship could get a much better view of her sore cunt and
anus.

Now! Stand up and turn to face her Ladyship, Miss Brown
ordered.

You are very pretty! Lady Darlington said, reminiscing about a
charge of hers who had the same pale skin that showed up all the
welts and the marks of her punishments and who had a similarly
firm bottom and thighs.

To her Ladyship, the enjoyment of punishing such a girl lay in
knowing that due to the firmness of her bottom and thighs she
would be able to take a severe punishment without any real damage
being done and to achieve this the child could be made to writhe
uncontrollably and scream delightfully.

Thank you my Lady, Edith murmured.

That will be quite enough of that my girl, Miss Hughes barked,
pinching and fondling the poor darlings bottom and thighs to
test their firmness.

Unlike Ruth, it was clear to Jane that Edith not only had
alabaster skin but she also had small but delightfully developing
breasts and a lovely little bottom and thighs that just cried out
be abused under the pretext of being punished.

Why is she being punished? Lady Darlington enquired.

Well my Lady. She is usually quite attentive in class but just
lately she has gained several demerits for inattention so I
thought that a visit here would do her the world of good and help
to liven her up, Miss Brown explained.

Are you ready to accept your punishment? Lady Darlington
teased.

Yes my Lady, Edith replied after some hesitation.

Now listen carefully. If you want us to go easy on you then you
must masturbate for us now before you are punished," Miss Brown
explained.

Oh please not that, Edith replied.

Oh please not that what? Miss Hughes barked, as she turning the
child so that her back was facing her Ladyship. Then she unhooked
her strap from her waist and unleashed a frenzied thrashing of
the poor girls bottom and the backs of her thighs.

Why not! Lady Darlington asked.

Please my Lady! I am still in pain from my morning ablutions,
Edith replied, her voice distorted by her screaming.

Do you want us to go easy on you? Lady Darlington asked.

Oh yes my Lady but please not that, Edith screamed.

Now listen carefully. You are here to be punished and you will
do as you are told, do you understand? Miss Brown explained.

Yes Miss! Edith replied.

Now! Face her Ladyship and masturbate, Miss Brown ordered.

Edith did as she was told pushing her fingers deep inside the
fleshy folds of her sore little cunt and started to masturbate,
her frenzied fingering no doubt driven by the effects of the
lemonade and that she had permission to do it this time quite
unlike when she was in bed and had to be careful not to be
caught.

Move your thighs further apart! Lady Darlington ordered.

As Edith did as she was told, her thighs complained but her
nimble fingers furiously masturbated herself until she became
exhausted with having to do both things at the same time. Then as
if inevitable the poor darling lost her balance and ended up in a
heap on the floor.

Get up stupid girl, Lady Darlington exclaimed.

Please my Lady, I am sorry, Edith murmured, needing to be
helped back up again by Miss Hughes who took every opportunity to
fondle the poor darling as she did so.

Masturbate! Miss Brown ordered, taking a hold of Miss Hughess
strap and starting a slow but sustained use of it on the girls
bottom to encourage her.

Please Miss! Edith screamed, her fingers stimulating her
clitoris to escape the fire building in her bottom her eyes
betraying her desire for it to be continued.

Good now! It seems that this little tart is enjoying herself.
Perhaps she needs something a little harder? Miss Brown said
with a smile as she went over to the rack and returned with a
cane.

Please Miss! Edith screamed.

Are you enjoying yourself? Miss Brown asked, aiming the cane to
cross as many previous strap marks as possible to then feel a
surge of pleasure as the poor darling squealed and rubbed herself
desperately trying to absorb the pain.

Please Miss! Edith screamed.

To Jane, Edith looked particularly lovely. The poor darlings
expression showed that she knew just what the cane would feel
like and just how it could be used between her thighs to extend
the pain in her already sore cunt and anus.

Now turn and face the stage, Miss Brown barked, signalling to
Miss Hughes to open the curtains.

Are you ready to be punished astride the small punishment
horse? Lady Darlington asked.

No, no, no my Lady, Edith screamed.

Seeing all the equipment and the apparatus for the first time
made Edith nervous and the poor darling started to panic. Only
used to being punished by Miss Brown in the schoolroom and
certainly not over such a sturdy wooden punishment horse the poor
darling could only imagine how being made to sit astride its
saddle that her thighs would be parted so wide that her sore cunt
and anus would have no option but to come into contact with the
solid and unforgiving leather pommel.

Very well! Bring her to me and I will see if I can persuade
her, Lady Darlington said with a smile.

Helped to climb onto the dais by Miss Hughes, Edith now stood
between her Ladyships thighs in much the same way as Ruth had
done but with a twist because rather than gripping her tightly
between her thighs her Ladyship had opened her thighs leaving the
girl room to manoeuvre.

Now listen! You are here to be punished astride that punishment
horse and punished you will be, do you understand? Lady
Darlington said, using her left hand to masturbate the poor
darlings sore cunt and her right hand to soothe her bottom and
thighs.

Yes my Lady! Edith sighed.

She is ready now, Lady Darlington exclaimed.

Very well! Bring her over to the smaller horse, Miss Brown
ordered.

Miss Hughes took a hold of the childs hand and dragged her onto
the stage and made her stand to the left of the horse.

The smaller of the two horses it was nevertheless daunting but
although it was like the larger one, made of wood, had four stout
legs and decorated with pieces of leather and had stirrups it
also had a saddle with a solid leather seam which made it
uncomfortable on the riders genitals but not impossible to gain
pleasure from it, especially as the special lemonade took effect.

"Mount! Miss Brown ordered.

Miss Hughes helped Edith to mount taking the opportunity to maul
the pretty child under the pretext of ensuring she was mounted
correctly. Leaving her wrists unattached she placed her feet in
the stirrups and positioned her parted bottom over the saddle so
that her cunt and anus were directly above the unforgiving
leather central seam.

Satisfied that Edith was suitably mounted Miss Brown selected a
martinet from the rack and then walked around her to check that
the mirrors where placed so the audience would be able to see the
expressions on the poor darlings face.

Masturbate! Miss Brown ordered, giving the child precious
little time to reach her throbbing clitoris before bringing the
martinet down in a frenzy of hard blows across her bottom and
thighs.

Edith did as she was told using her left hand to steady herself
against the horses mane and the fingers of her right hand to
frantically rub her cunt flattening her vulva as she fought to
minimize the pain.

This was the part of her job that Miss Brown enjoyed, having the
freedom to enjoy the screams as they jerk and squirm astride the
horse and being able to inflict a frenzied onslaught without
disapproval from those watching.

Tell me! Are you enjoying yourself? Lady Darlington asked,
noting in the mirrors that the poor darlings face was getting
flushed as she furiously masturbated to elevate the pain that
Miss Brown was inflicting as she aimed the martinet to cross as
many previous whip marks as possible to make the child bounce
delightfully on the horse.

No! Please my Lady, Edith screamed.

Well! Perhaps this will help, Lady Darlington suggested,
delving into her carpetbag and withdrawing a long thin strap made
of leather and handed it to Miss Brown.

As Miss Brown brought the strap down hard against the rear of the
horse to frighten the child, Jane immediately recognised it and
its purpose. It was designed to be used on the tender genitals of
children and it would sting but not cause damage. The benefit of
using such a long thin strap was that the genitals could be
targeted separately or even at the same time as well as being
used on the breasts, bottom and thighs.

Edith looked particularly lovely as she looked back over her
shoulder to stare at the strap. Her expression told her audience
that she knew just what the strap was for and how the supple
leather could be brought down on her bottom and thighs and
between her bottom cheeks to score her already sore cunt and
anus.

Miss Brown did not stop to let Edith think about its use before
bringing the strap down to land painfully across her bottom and
the poor darling started to scream and writhe deliciously astride
the horse.

Then before she had a chance to settle, the second one landed,
distorting her lovely little bottom. Edith screamed and stood up
in the stirrups. Her fingers pulled madly on the apex of her
smooth cunt, violently stimulating her clitoris to escape the
fire shooting through her bottom.

Miss Brown took her time to stroke the girls bottom, her breath
shortening as she felt the delicious welts left by the strap and
then prised open the bottom cheeks to lay bare her cunt and anus
to her audience.

Please Miss! I will more attentive in class, I promise, Edith
pleaded.

That makes no difference, Lady Darlington explained.

To Miss Brown there was only one way of punishing little tarts
like Edith who were always pleading for leniency and that was
with severity. As Jane watched she concluded that the woman was
not only cruel but also enjoyed her position.

Attention! Miss Brown barked, laying the strap down between the
childs bottom cheeks.

Please Miss! Edith murmured, her voice rising as she felt the
touch of the slender leather strap as it rasped against her
already sore cunt and anus.

Miss Brown waited until Ediths voice had ridden to its peak then
brought the slender strap down hard onto the girls exposed cunt
and anus making her scream and writhe deliciously. She then
approached the writhing girl and stood behind her placing her
face between her bottom and licked the poor darlings burning
cunt and anus under the pretext of trying to calm the little tart
down.

Again! Miss Brown said, raising and positioning the thin
leather strap along the childs bottom crease again.

Oh, please no, please Miss, Edith screamed as she writhed
deliciously astride the horse.

Enough! Lady Darlington exclaimed as she squirmed in her chair.

Miss Brown brought Ediths punishment to an abrupt end knowing
that there was still another penitent to punish and that there
was still plenty of entertainment to come. Feeling sated herself
she took into consideration her Ladyships flushed state and
decided that it was indeed time to move on.

Very Well! Remove her from the horse and help her to the
infirmary. When you have done that you can bring us our next
penitent, Miss Brown ordered, handing the strap back to her
Ladyship who placed in back in her carpetbag.

Whilst Miss Hughes was fetching the next penitent Miss Brown
busied herself making the larger horse ready and ensuring that
the two mirrors were at the right height so the eager audience
could enjoy watching the poor darlings expressions as she is
made to ride.

Not one for letting her audience down, Miss Brown busied herself
by paying attention to the more finer details, such as screwing a
leather shaped horn into the saddle and swopping its normal
stirrups for ones with a serrated base, ensuring that its young
riders would feel a mixture of pleasure as they masturbate on the
horn and pain as they put their weight down on the serrated
stirrups. When she was satisfied, she closed the curtains again.

It was not long before there was a knock at the door but it was
just long enough for herself and her Ladyship to make themselves
comfortable again.

When it was opened Miss Hughes, strap in hand marched her charge
over to stand in front of her Ladyship.

To Jane, the little darling looked a little older than the last
penitent and had a red ribbon attached to her long tresses
denoting that she had experience of being abused. She remembered
what Daisy had told her about the way girls at Hillcroft would do
anything to be chosen to be taken out for the day and even for
the weekend by wealthy benefactors and she also recalled her
telling her that after they administered drugs to the poor little
darlings they would return none the wiser of their cruel abuse.

Curtsey! Miss Hughes ordered.

The girl curtsied without hesitation a sign that she is used to
following orders, something that every girl learns at Hillcroft
or is made to face the painful consequences.

Now listen! This is Lady Darlington and you will be entertaining
her this afternoon, do you understand? Miss Brown asked.

Yes Miss! the girl replied.

What is your name? Lady Darlington asked.

Amelia my Lady, the girl replied.

How old are you child? Lady Darlington asked.

Twelve! but I will be thirteen in the next few weeks, Amelia
replied.

So! What do you think of our third penitent my Lady? Miss Brown
asked.

Delightful! But I will be able to tell you better when I have
seen her properly, Lady Darlington teased, her voice giving away
her excitement.

Of course my Lady! Has she been prepared? Miss Brown asked.

Yes Madam! When I picked her up I was told that she had a large
glass of lemonade and that her morning ablutions had been doubled
because she would be entertaining this afternoon. As you can see
she is already starting to get flushed and tends to get easily
aroused, especially when she has had some of the special
lemonade, Miss Hughes explained.

Excellent! Miss Brown replied.

Now listen! Remove your uniform, shoes and socks and then stand
with your thighs wide apart and your hands on your head, Miss
Brown ordered.

Amelia did as she was told and in the process turned to hand them
to Miss Hughes before standing with her thighs apart and her
hands on her head. In a short time, she offered her Ladyship and
her eager audience a tantalising view of her lovely little bottom
and thighs, her budding breasts and her sore cunt which due to
the lemonade had parted deliciously revealing her clitoris.

Turn! Miss Brown ordered.

Amelia did as she was told and stood with her back to her
Ladyship offering her a better view of her lovely firm bottom and
thighs. This meant that she was now facing the stage but because
she had been here before she already had an idea of what lay
behind the curtains.

Now! Bend forward with your thighs wide apart and place your
hands around your ankles, Miss Brown ordered.

As usual it took no time for Miss Hughes to manhandle the pretty
child the required distance so that her Ladyship could get have a
better view of her deliciously sore cunt and anus.

Now! Stand up again and turn to face her Ladyship, Miss Brown
ordered.

Well my dear, I congratulate you on your choice of penitent. She
is not only pretty but she has lovely firm thighs and a
delightfully unblemished bottom that just begs to be severely
punished, Lady Darlington remarked.

Thank you my Lady, Miss Brown replied.

Now! I understand that when you were last brought to this room
you were made to ride the smaller horse which you did if I am not
mistaken without complaint and with enthusiasm. What I want to
know now is have you got the stoicism to ride the much larger
horse this time? Lady Darlington teased.

Please Miss! What does stoicism mean? Amelia asked.

Well! Stoicism means that no matter how severely you are
punished and no matter how much pain you are in, you never
complain, do you understand? Miss Brown explained.

Yes Miss! Amelia replied.

Then tell me what is it about the smaller horse that made you
accept your punishment without complaint and with so much
enthusiasm? Lady Darlington teased.

Amelias face turned red with embarrassment.

Well! Miss Hughes, shouted, using her strap to smack Amelias
bottom and thighs hard to prepare her tender skin and make her
forthcoming punishment even more painful.

The feelings I received from its saddle my Lady, Amelia
replied.

Feelings! Lady Darlington teased.

Between my thighs my Lady, Amelia explained.

Really! Are you saying that you masturbated astride the central
seam of the solid leather saddle? Lady Darlington teased.

Yes my Lady! Amelia replied nervously.

She is nothing but a little tart and needs a special riding
lesson, Miss Hughes exclaimed.

Wait! I agree, but If she is the tart that you say she is, then
it is only fitting that she should be made to masturbate before
she is punished, Lady Darlington teased.

To Jane, the girl was clearly showing signs of arousal by the
state of her nipples and her flushed face and she watched with
some excitement what was about happen.

Masturbate! Miss Brown ordered, her arms folded as if to
threaten even further use of the strap if she did not obey.

Edith did as she was told, her frenzied fingering no doubt driven
on by the effects of the special lemonade as she offered her
audience a tantalising view of just how swollen her cunt had
become.

"You are such a little tart!" Miss Brown teased.

Use this! Lady Darlington said, retrieving the well-used
martinet from her carpetbag that to Jane had a heavenly stained
handle, a consequence no doubt of its use as a masturbatory
devise.

Miss Brown whipped the martinet down hard across the poor girl's
bottom, watching with a tinge of pleasure as the girl sucked in
her breath and shook.

So! You like being punished, do you? Miss Brown teased.

Oh! Yes, Miss, Amelia sighed, whimpering with the pain but
nevertheless thrusting her bottom out for the next stroke.

Miss Brown, not one to miss the opportunity to entertain brought
the whip down across the girls bottom for a third time, then a
fourth.

You are to orgasm on the sixth stroke! Do you understand? Lady
Darlington said, her voice full of excitement.

Yes my Lady, she panted.

Then before she was ready, another fierce stroke whipped into her
tortured little bottom making her scream as the pain surged.

Then, without warning, it changed to sheer pleasure. The little
tart shook with all her efforts to stop herself from pinching her
clitoris, a sure way to have brought her crisis to an end.

Instead, she whimpered and waited for the sixth stroke. It came,
along with an orgasm, sustained by the fierce heat invading her
but was interrupted by Miss Hughes who roughly turned her to face
the stage.

It was no surprise to Jane that the girl did not show any signs
of being frightened by the equipment and apparatus on the stage
as she had already been to the punishment room before, but what
did surprise her was that the little tart did not realise that
being the last penitent of the afternoon would mean an even more
painful ordeal than the others.

Escort her to the larger horse, Miss Brown ordered, opening the
curtains on the stage for the third time.

Miss Hughes escorted her charge up onto the stage in her own
forthright way and made the girl stand at the side of the larger
horse. Twice as large as the smaller horse it needed a pair of
steps to mount it and even from where Jane sat she could see that
the un-waxed leather saddle was stained with the copious juices
of its riders orgasms.

Mount! Miss Brown ordered.

Miss Hughes helped the girl to mount the horse and placed her
feet in the stirrups, but as Amelia flinched from the pain of the
serrated bases the cruel woman placed her hands on the saddle and
fondled the poor darlings bottom as she sat down. She then tied
the poor girls wrists to the front of the horse mane, pulling
her forward towards the front of the saddle so that the horn
pressed directly into her already sore pubis.
ughes replied with a smile.

Walking over to the corner of the stage Miss Brown then withdrew
a freshly wrapped bunch of birch twigs that had been soaked in
brine and had had the ends cut off then returned to stand
directly behind the child. Without any hesitation, she brought
the twigs down across Amelias bottom making her jerk forward,
forcing her already sore cunt onto the horn and causing her to
rise from the saddle, only to transfer her weight onto the tender
arches of her feet as they were painfully pushed into the
serrated surface of the stirrups.

The pretty child pushed back, her bound hands forcing her to lean
further forward and thus, before she knew it, further parting her
lovely bottom for yet another sweep of the twigs then jerking
forward as her cunt slammed up against the unforgiving leather
horn. However, this time she did not try rising on the stirrups,
but squirmed upwards, her thighs pushing against the saddle to
raise herself up.

Knowing that this was the last penitent and that her Ladyship was
pleased with her efforts the cruel woman stabbed the ends of the
birch deep between Amelias bottom cheeks and was rewarded by a
loud scream from the usually stoic girl as the tips scoured her
already sore cunt and anus making her jerk forward and lose her
balance.

Amelia squirmed and panted, ending up with her bottom once more
erotically thrust towards her audience, the mirrors showing her
that her nipples were erect and her cunt was pressed firmly
against the leather horn.

The poor darlings ordeal started to take on a steady rhythm as
she felt the pain of the birch and the pleasures of the horn
until the sensations became so intense that it forced her back
letting the smooth leather calm her cunt before the birch twigs
once more scoured her bottom and thighs.

Sensing that the poor darling had severed her purpose Miss Brown
roughly thrust an extended finger into her anus making the child
gasp, then shake as her mistress judged the elasticity of her
colon. Judging its diameter, she walked over to the rack and
retrieved a long black pony tail and then returned to slowly ease
it into the poor darlings sphincter then judging when the time
was right pushed it harshly inwards.

The normally stoic girl screamed out as the tail was roughly
inserted, the black horsehair contrasting deliciously with the
paleness of her lovely bottom and thighs that were now being
swayed from side to side no doubt to elevate the growing pain.

Enough! Lady Darlington exclaimed, her face delightfully
flushed as she squirmed in her chair.

Reluctantly Miss Brown brought Amelias punishment to an end
knowing, that if nothing else, her Ladyship was pleased with her
efforts.

Very Well! Help her down from the horse and then as a reward for
helping this afternoon you can take your time to escort the tart
to the infirmary and when you have done that return to your
normal duties and I will see you in the schoolroom in the
morning, Miss Brown ordered.

Thank you! Miss Hughes replied, roughly pulling the horsehair
ponytail out of the girls rectum before helping her off the
horse. Their journey perhaps via her private quarters to the
infirmary would no doubt give the cruel woman time to abuse her
further especially as Amelia was still under the influence of the
lemonade which, if nothing else, would make sure that the little
tart remembered nothing of her cruel ordeal on arrival at the
infirmary.

I hope that you enjoyed the visit my Lady and that the
entertainment was to your satisfaction. Perhaps your will join me
in my private quarters so that we can make yourself more
comfortable and partake of some refreshments before you leave,
Miss Brown exclaimed, helping her to climb down from the dais.

Oh yes! I must make sure I do not leave it so long before I
visit again, Lady Darlington replied, clearly showing signs of
fatigue and being sated.

Can we go to the infirmary now? Jane asked.

Yes! Of course, but first I suggest that we return to my parlour
so that we can make ourselves more comfortable and we also have
some refreshments before we go to the infirmary, Daisy
suggested.

A splendid idea, Jane replied.
