Tassel Twirling
by ABCDEFU

Tassel twirling her small breasts.

One day I asked my wife if I bought her some nipple tassels would she learn how to twirl them? She asked why and I told her that I loved seeing her small breasts bounce around like jello while she attempted to make them twirl. I also had an alternative thought I wanted her to get good at twirling them because I wanted to take her to a strip club so she could preform on stage for me and other men to see. Were we lived in New Jersey and if you danced topless your nipples had to be covered either by pasties or tassels. I liked tassels because of more breast action. So I purchased her 5 different colors and shapes from flat to pointy ones. I personally liked the pointy ones because the tassels were away from her small breasts. When they arrived I gave them to her so she could started to practice with them. While she practiced I got the enjoyment of watching her with out having to go to a strip club. After several weeks she was a pro with getting them to spin in the direction she wanted.

So the time came for me to asked her the question about dancing at a strip club for me and other men to see. Since we were very open with each other I didn't have a problem asking her. I told her how good she had gotten and sexy she looked while twirling and I wanted to share and show her skills off at one of the strip clubs. She told me that she no problem doing it because she knew that I enjoyed when other men looking at her small 32a breasts and besides her nipples would be covered. So one night on my way home I stopped at one of the strip clubs and talked to the manager about letting her preform Friday night telling him that it would be her first time dancing. He told me that it would be fine and reminded me that Friday nights they had very large crowds. So when I got home I told her that she was going to preform on Friday night. All week I was thinking about her preforms and I couldn't wait for Friday to come. I of course let her brother know about the plan since he also loves seeing her small breasts.

When I got home Friday night after work I asked her to wear the red rhinestone pointy tassels since the stage lights would shine off them. I told her that I would help her get ready. She put on slutty looking makeup with bright red lipstick. I got the pleasure of putting her tassels on her puffy nipples. She showed off her tanned body and creamy white breasts the tassels covered her puffy nipples perfectly. She had on short shorts a shirt with snaps for buttons and off we went.

When we arrived at the strip club we talked to the manager. The manager asked asked my wife if she wanted to dance all night since one of the girls didn't show up. I was surprised when my wife told him that she would love to. This meant that we would be here until the club closed. Two girls preformed before her so she got watch how to preform. Their most of been over 200 men in the club that night. I thought this was the largest amount of men who would be watching her and seeing those small tits.

I was her brother and his friend in the back of the club finally it was her turn she selected her three songs and got on stage she danced to the first two and when the last song came on off came her shirt she was dancing around and making her titties bounce and the tassels twirling around. When she finished she came and sat with me leaving her shirt off. I asked her if she wanted to change her tassels because I had them in the car. She told me yes to go get them. That night she got to use all 5 of her tassels. I changed them at the table knowing that other men could see her puffy nipples. At the end of the night the manager paid her $200 and asked her if she wanted a job at the club. She told him that she would let her know.

We left the club around 2:30 in the morning she removed her tassels and reminded topless on the ride home. She told me that it was exciting to dance for all those men. I told her that I also had enjoyed knowing that other men were looking and wanting her and told her that she should start dancing at the club. By the time we arrived home she told me that she would continue dancing at the club I told her that she should and kissed her telling her that she made a lot of dicks hard tonight. On the nights she was working is when I went to the club to watch her