This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. ======================================================= 

If you have read In part 1 and 2 Deborah you will then understand how Betty evolved.  If you havent, then briefly, Deborah is rediscovered after many years.  Now married she is blackmailed into performing for the creation of a private porn video.  An old friend of hers, Ellen is brought into the story and it is Ellen who introduces Bettys name to the story.  

In the start of this story, there will be some review of Ellen, so you neednt read the previous parts to fully understand.

Well thank you for calling Betty, I said into the phone, but may I inquire as to why you are calling?

Ellen Green gave your name and number she said.  Yes, Ellen, how is she, I asked.  Shes well, said Betty.  I was at a meeting with her a few days ago and we got to chat, you know how girls are, and well, here I am.

So I imagine that Ellen and your conversation was?   In depth, detailed, she interrupted, no, but Ellen did say that she knew of your work and that I should contact you.  Well, Im certainly glad you did, I said.  When do you think youd be available so we could have a meet and greet, I asked?

Anytime that is good for you, she replied.  My schedule is quite flexible.  Give me your name and number and Ill get back to you shortly.  Yes, Betty Campbell and my number is 555-455-7937.  I repeated the number and told her Id be in touch.

I then picked up the phone and called Ellen.   Just received a call from Betty Campbell, I said.  There was a moment of silence followed by; good Im glad.   I havent met with her yet, but wanted to let you know.   Im sure youll find everything to be satisfactory, said Ellen.  That will be good, I said, then you can stop by and pick up your package.  Yes, Ill do that, she said.  You going to stay and visit, I asked.   No, I dont think so, she said.   Okay, I said adding, BTY, hows Jerry?   There was silence, stone cold silence on the other end of the phone followed by a disconnect.

I waited about 30 minutes and dialed Bettys number.  Hi, glad you called back was her greeting confirming that she was looking at the caller ID before answering.   Didnt you think I would, I asked?  I wasnt too sure, to be honest, she said.

Well here I am, I said, now lets set up a time and place to meet one another.  How does noon tomorrow sound to you, I asked.   That will be fine, should I come to your place or would you like to meet over here, she asked.   Whatever is your pleasure, I said.   Hmmmm, I have a somewhat nosey neighbor, so perhaps it would be best to meet elsewhere, she said.   At that I gave her my address and directions to find the house.

The following day I double checked to be certain that the hidden video camera and sound were all working properly in the upstairs great room and adjacent area, then cleaned up and got ready for my guest.

Noontime came and went with no Betty.  Twenty minutes later I heard a car pull into the drive and the door slam.  I started to get up, but decided to wait a few minutes as the doorbell rang several times before I replied shouting that I was on the way.

As I opened the door I was greeted with the sight of a very tall smiling Betty with highlights in her hair and a large dimple on the side of her face.   Hi, Im so sorry Im late.  I didnt follow your directions and got lost on the way.  Hope youll forgive me, she said.

No problem, I said, please come in and make yourself at home.  Betty passed me as she entered and I realized that in her heels she was almost 6 tall.  She wore a simple dress, probably sleeveless, under a jacket, which unbuttoned showed ample size boobs hidden beneath the fabric.

I ushered her to the great room and invited her to take a seat on the sofa.  Sitting at the edge of the seat, her hands and knees all clasped together, she again apologized for being late.

So a little bit about yourself and what brings you here would be a welcome start, I said.   Yes, Im sorry, she said.   As you know Ellen suggested that I contact you.   Please forgive me, but Im quite nervous.  

Dont worry, I said, just continue with your story.  Yes, sorry.   Please stop being sorry, I said, there is nothing to apologize for.  Just continue, if you will.

Yes,  s., so as I was trying to say, Im 54 years old, have been married for over 30 years and have only been with one man, my husband as I was a virgin when I married and Ive never cheated or anything like that.  Oh, this is so embarrassing.   Then catching her breath, she continued.

Ive now discovered that my husband has been cheating on me, and what is good for the goose is good for the gander, if you know what I mean.  

Yes, I hear you, I said, but that still doesnt explain what brings you here to me.

Oh, sorry.   I was talking with Ellen and one thing lead to another and she told me that you could help me to begin to live life and also might be able to help me with something else Ive been considering.

And just what is this something else, I asked.  I want my husband to see me have sex and not be able to do anything about it, was Bettys reply.   Does that shock you, she asked?   No, guess not, considering the circumstances, I said.    So, was Ellen correct, she asked, have I come to the right person?

Yes, I said, I believe that youve found the right place.  Oh my, said Betty, for a few minutes I was worried I hadnt and I would have been so embarrassed.   Dont be, I said adding, but I find it very hard to believe that youve never been with anyone other than your husband.

Its true, said Betty, and there is so much for me to learn and experience.   Will you teach me, she asked.  Ill try, I said, but a lot will depend on your remaining open minded and willing to follow my instruction.  Ill try, I truly will, she said, just please give me a chance.  I know I must do this, she said.

Lets talk some, I said.  Okay, said Betty, what would you like to talk about.  Sex, I said, does that bother you.  A little, I guess, but lets she said.

Ever see a triple X movie, I asked.  Yes, once for just a few minutes, but that was a long time ago.  Really, I said, so fill me in.  Well my husband brought home this video and said we should watch it.  When he turned it on it showed, well you know, 2 people doing it.  Doing it, I asked?  Yes, making love and it showed him going inside her, said Betty.   And, you, I asked?   I found it disgusting and told him to take it out of my house, she said.

Tell me about how you and your husband make love, I said adding, and where youve made love.   Oh my, began Betty.  We always are in bed and he touches me.  Hold on, I said, he touches you.   Where, how and what do you do?

He touches my breast and if hes not up against me, in a little while I touch him to see if hes hard and if he is, then I open my legs and we make love, she said.  And this has been like this all your married life, I asked?   Yes, afraid so, said Betty.

You two every see one another naked, I asked.  Sometimes when were dressing or changing, but if you mean to just be naked intentionally, no I dont think so.  You ashamed of your body, I asked?  No, I dont think so, said Betty.

And I dont suppose you have any tattoos or piercing, do you.   No, just my ears, she said.  What about oral sex, I asked.  No, but once or twice my husband asked me to,  you know.   Suck his cock, I said.   Yes, she whispered.  And, I asked.  Well I tried, but then he said never mind and it ended there.

And does he perform oral sex on you, I asked.  No, never, she said, then laughed with a nervous laugh and said, guess Im just a big disappointment, arent I?  No, not really, I said, but are you willing to broaden your experiences, I asked?

Yes, I want to experience as much as possible before life passes me by, she said.  And, I suppose I already know the answer to this one, but I should ask about anal sex.   Anal, you mean, oh my, no I dont think I could, responded Betty.

Betty, I began, youve been here all of about 20 minutes so far, and weve covered quite a bit, Im sure youll agree.   Yes, she said.   Probably, possibly, more than youve discussed with anyone ever, and certainly not a stranger, I continued.   Betty nodded her head in agreement.

Now, I said, I want you to stand up and take off your jacket and then your dress.   Here, began Betty, but the windows are open, she said.   Thats not your concern, I said.  I want to see you out of your dress.  Now, shall we, I asked?

Betty stood and removed her jacket, folded it neatly on the sofa and reached behind her to begin fumbling with the zipper on the back of her dress.   Finally, she pulled the zipper down, then looked at me as she slipped the dress from her shoulders revealing her bra.   A few wiggles with her hips and the dress slid over the them and fell to the floor.Youve a lovely figure, I said adding I find it hard to believe that you havent shared it with others.  Betty laughed a nervous laugh and said, Im trying to keep telling myself that Im wearing a 2-piece bathing suit right now.  And is it working, I asked.  Sort of, she said.

Lets ease your worrying a bit, I said.   Give me your bra.  You mean, she began.  Yes, I mean take off your bra and give it to me.  Betty stared at me for a minute, then once more reached behind herself and unhooked the bra, which she took off, tossed it to me, yet kept herself covered with her hands.  

Looking at the label, I read 38 double D, then looked up at Betty.  Put your hands down, I said.  Betty looked at me, almost in tears and lowered her hands.   Youve got nice tits I said, and your nipples look truly tasty.  Betty didnt respond, but stood there looking at me.

Betty, I said, are you telling me that Im the first man, other than your husband, to see your tits.  Yes, she softly replied.  Oh come on, I said.  You mean no one has ever peeked down your dress, or when you were in your bathing suit no one.    No, said Betty.  They might have seen a little bit, but youre the first to see me like this.

I want you to lean forward so I can see how your tits hang down and how nice and full they are.  Betty leaned over and her tits swung out beneath her.   Very nice, I said, come over here.

Betty straightened and moved over to me.  Youre a very attractive woman, I said.  I cant believe that, well the things you havent enjoyed or the pleasure you havent given, I said as I moved my hand to her leg and started tracing my fingers up and down it.

As I moved my fingers closer to her panties and her covered pussy, I said, Im not the only man other than your husband to see your pussy am I?   Then I quickly added, what about your doctor?   No, youll be only the 2nd, said Betty.  Then added, my OBGYN is a woman.   

I sat there almost frozen in amazement.  Here was a very attractive 50 something woman whos been married and neglected by her husband for her entire adult life.   Well, time to make up for lost time I though as I reached for the waistband of her panties and pulled them down over her legs and let them fall to the floor leaving me face to face with her naturally curly pussy.

I moved my hand up and cupped her pussy and started to slip a finger into her.  I moved my other hand up to her breast and began squeezing it gently and toying with the nipple.  Youre very fuckable, I said.  Betty moaned some and move her hips down to grab some more of my finger.  You like me playing with your pussy, I asked.   Yes, whispered Betty.   Your hubby play with your pussy, I asked?   Sometimes he touches me, oh, oh please she moaned as I rubbed my thumb over her clit.

Sit down and spread your legs, I told Betty as I moved my hand from her.  She looked around and then moved to a wingback chair along side me and sat down.   You ever touch and play with yourself, I asked.  Sometimes, why, she asked?    I want you to play with your tits, I said.    Must I, she asked.   Going to show hubby all that hes missing, I asked.   Yes, she said.   Very well then, I said, and you do have lovely tits do you know that?   Thank you, she whispered.   Now show me, I said.

Betty began touching herself, and started lifting and squeezing each of her tits and then began toying just a little with her nipples.    I moved closer to Betty and began feeling her tits for the first time.  Oh, yes, I said, your tits feel good too.  I then pinched her nipple and pulled her tit up stretching her as she let out a long low moan.  I let go and the tit snapped back and giggled as I moved my hand forcing her legs apart as I began fingering her pussy.

I dropped to the floor in front of her and pushed her legs further apart.  Come on Betty, I said, lift those long legs for me.  Betty lifted her legs and I draped them over the arms of the chair and reached behind her pulling her a little forward to the edge.

I know, I said, Im the first, other than your husband, to ever see your pussy.  I pulled her lips further apart exposing her clit and said, and Im also going to be the first to ever taste it.  And, at that, I buried my face in her pussy and began licking and driving my tongue into her.  

Betty jumped with surprise, which caught me off guard also, and I had all I could do to hold her on the seat cushion.   Please dont stop, it feels so good, she said when I paused for a moment.   Want more, I asked.  Yes, yes please, she begged.   I once again spread her open and drove my tongue into her and this time I began pushing my finger ever so slightly against her asshole, but pulled away before she could object, then returned over and over again.

Betty stopped pulling on my hair and when I looked up for a second, saw her pulling and tugging on her meaty tits.   I stopped and she was again begging me not to.  I wasnt about to quit, just have two hands and was undoing my pants and stripping down, then pulling my shirt off.

Naked now I moved to Betty and pulled her ass up from the chair positioning my cock at her pussy.  This will be a first too, I said and pushed into her.   Oh my, she squealed, as I drove myself deep into her pussy and began pounding away as best I could in this position.

After a few minutes, I push Betty off causing her to cry out, please dont stop, it feels so good.   Turn around I said.  What, she questioned, but I turned her around and pushed her head down.  Thats it, I said, lets see that beautiful ass.   Oh no, please, not, but I reached around and under her and began squeezing her hanging tits.  

I kicked her legs a little further apart and buried my cock once again in her pussy and started to pound her over and over again.  Bettys head was down and her face sideways but still into a pillow which she was gripping with all her might.   Finally, I felt my cock swell and then explode driving my cum deep within her pussy.

Seconds later Betty shuttered with a very physical climax then fell relaxed into the cushion.  That good, I asked.  Yes, Ive never felt that way before, she said.    One more think, I said.   I want you to clean my cock with your mouth.   I dont know, said Betty, I mean, but I pulled her down to me and pushed my cock into her face.

You like my cock, I asked.  It make your cunt feel good?  Now you need to enjoy it and make me feel good by licking it clean.  Oh Ive never done this, said Betty.  Well, I said, do the best you can and Im sure it will be just fine.

Betty toyed with my cock and then slowly, like a nervous child, moved her lips to my shaft and kissed it, then flicked her tongue and lick it.  Next she ran her tongue over its head and I moved her head down forcing her to open her lips and begin to take the head into her mouth.    Shortly her head was bobbing up and down over my cock.

Youre just a natural born cocksucker, I told Betty.  She didnt acknowledge my remark, but just continued giving me head.  Shortly my cock was once again swollen and I held her head in place as I emptied my balls into her throat.

Betty began to gag, but soon regained control of herself and used her fingers to wipe her lips and chin, then lick them clean.  Enjoy that, I asked.   Yes, she whispered back at me, somewhat embarrassed. 

I hope you enjoyed yourself, I said.  Yes, very much so.  Ive missed so so many things, she said, sitting there naked and not trying to cover herself.   So do you know whom your husband is cheating with, I asked.  Yes, she said.   Care to tell me, I asked.  Sorry, said Betty, it my neighbor.  Nosey neighbor, I asked?  Yes, thats the one, she said.

How do you know, I asked.  He told me, and she, well she sort of flaunted things in my face a few times, so I just know, she said.  

Okay, I said, Ill help you, but youre going to have to do some things for me, will that be okay?   Yes, I suppose so answered Betty.   If you arent sure, I said.  No , no Im sorry, yes, Ill do whatever you ask, she said.  

Thank you, I said.  Now I want you to go to the bathroom and shave your pussy.  Oh no, I couldnt, my husband, she said.  The hell with your husband, I said.  When he sees you fucking, I want him to see a bald pussy, now go or Ill shave it for you.   

Wheres the bathroom, asked Betty.   I pointed her to the master and told her where shed find shaving cream scissors and a razor.  I dont believe Im doing this, said Betty as she walked naked towards the master suite.

When you finish, I shouted, get on the bed and call me so I can check to see if you missed anything.   Just as I finished talking the phone rang.  

Ellen was on the phone inquiring whether Id heard from Betty, and if so, could she get the tape.  Telling her that I had and she could pick up the tape brought the response that she was nearby and wanted to stop in and get it.   

Minutes later the bell rang and Ellen was at the door.   I invited her in, but she stuck out her hand asking for the tape.  Least you can do is come in and Ill get it and give it to you.   Okay, she said, but nothing more obviously referring to the fact that I was naked.   Oh, come on, I said, cant I feel your tits.  No! was her stern reply.

Come on I said, and turned and walked towards the back.  As we walked, Ellen suddenly noticed Bettys cloths.  Whats this, she asked?   Oh, Betty is taking a shower and shaving her pussy, I said casually.  

Let me get your tape, I said as I opened the door and headed downstairs.  I went into my office and flipped on a monitor.  In it flickering I could see Ellen slowly making her way towards the bedroom and then trying to peek down the hallway to the bath.

I made my way back upstairs with some noise of my coming and found Ellen waiting for me.  Here you go, I said, handing her the sealed tape.  Thank you, she said, putting it into her purse.  Ellen, I said, tell me, when did you find out you were gay?   What, she almost screamed?   You heard me.  You didnt like having sex with the guys, sort of accepted giving me a blowjob, but you didnt object that strongly when I put you and Deborah together.   I, she began, but I held up my hand.  

And, now you tried to sneak into the bedroom to get a look at Betty, didnt you.   You bastard, she said, you have hidden cameras.   No, I said, just look at the track marks in the carpet from your heels.   And, dont tell me they belong to Betty, here are her shoes out here.

I, she began.   Come on, I said, admit it.   Oh, okay, she said, I enjoy a woman more than a man, though I do like to give head as an alternative to being screwed, do you know what I mean?   Yes, I do.  So, whats with you and Betty, I asked.

Nothing, really.  I know her, learned that her husband is cheating on her and, well, I expect you know more than I do, she said.   Well, I know that shes just about a virgin, and I was only her 2nd man, and I doubt there has ever been a woman.  I know that she has a nice body, and I know that she needs to experience a woman.  And I also know that she needs to learn how to   well, if you arent interested, I said, youd better be going.

Yes, said Ellen, guess I better as she turned and started to leave.  Yes, I said, youd better.   I dont want you intimidated by those 38DDs and that newly shaved pussy.

Ellen froze in her tracks, turned and said, Im not at all intimidated.  So you staying, I asked.  Yes, damnit, but what do I have do for you.  Oh, maybe just your tits, finger fuck and perhaps a blowjob.   I wont try to fuck you, but you sort of have to follow my direction also, I said.  Okay, what the hell, said Ellen.what do you want me to do.   Nothing this minute, just have a seat and well wait for Betty, I said.

Since it was my house, I easily identified its sounds and knew that Betty was out of the bath or shower and probably drying off.   A minute later Betty stood in the doorway wrapped in a towel and said, Im finished now.  Then suddenly seeing Ellen, pulled the towel tight saying, Ellenoh my and her voice trailed off.

I could see her eyes flashing trying to find an escape or a good excuse to explain her presence to Ellen.  Relax, I said to Betty, Ellens a friend and shes fully aware of why youre here, arent you.   Remember, said Ellen, Im the one who listened to you and Im the one who gave you the name and number, arent I.

But, Im not dressed.  Toss me some of my cloths please, said Betty.  Oh relax, I said, just think of it as the girls locker room.   But, Im you know, said Betty.   Oh yes, I said towards Ellen, Bettys shaved her pussy.

Really, said Ellen.  Lets have a look, shall we?   What, Betty almost shouted, oh no, oh my, she said.  Good idea, drop the towel, I said to Betty.  Betty looked at me with a high level of fright in her yes, yet clung to the towel.

Come here, I said, and she walked towards me.   When she got close enough I grabbed the towel and pulled it from her.  She immediately tried to cover herself with her hands, which push her tits together.  

My my, said Ellen as she got up from the chair, what nice breasts, and those nipples, they look so tasty, may I?  And with that she was feeling Bettys tit with her fingers and then before Betty could react, she brought a nipple to her lips and flicked her tongue over it.

I lifted Bettys other tit in my hand and began to play with it and said quietly, sit down so I can see if you got a clean shave.  Ellen let go of Bettys tit and guided her to the seat.  Okay, Betty, lets see, I said.

Very robotic like Betty opened her legs and then lifted them onto the seat cushion.   I dropped in front of her and began running my fingers over her smooth mound, finally slipping into her love hole and causing her to moan.  What do you think Ellen, I asked.   

Oh Betty, she said, youre so beautiful.   I cant believe that bastard is cheating on you.  And then to Bettys disbelief I moved to the side and Ellen got on her knees in front of Betty and began licking and sucking on her pussy, sometimes driving her tongue into her.  Betty started to squirm and moan with delight and screamed out when Ellen started to suck on her clit.

Moving along side the chair I reached down and began to feel Ellens tit through her bra and with the other hand worked on Bettys.  Lets go to the bedroom, I said.

No, Betty said, please dont stop, dont leave me like this, she pleaded, adding, Oh I havent ever felt this way before.  Come on I said, rubbing her tit, lets the 3 of us move, shall we?   I tugged on her nipple a little and Betty got up and was alongside Ellen.

How tall are you, asked Ellen.  59 said Betty as they both moved in front of me, Betty bare ass and Ellen in her business suite, towards the bedroom.   When we got into the bedroom, I said to Betty that I wanted her to help Ellen take off her jacket.  

Ellen unfastened the few buttons on her jacket and Betty help slip it from her shoulders then folded it and put it on a chair.  What do you think of Ellen, I asked?   Oh, Ive always known that Ellen is very pretty, said Betty forgetting about her nudity.  Like her tits, I asked?   Well, I, she hesitated.

Take off her top and her bra, I said.  Im not sure, began Betty, as Ellen chimed in, go ahead Betty, I dont mind.  Okay, said Betty as she stepped in front of Ellen and began to remove her top.  Ellen reached out and cupped each of Bettys boobs saying, I hope you like my breasts as much as I like yours.   She then added, I think you should also see my pussy too, I saw yours, so its only fair.

Betty didnt say a word as Ellens bra slipped away and Betty looked down on to Ellens naked tits.  Ellen had let go of Bettys boobs and now lifted one of her tits up offering it to Betty and saying, go ahead, I want you to. 

Betty lowered her head, and soon she was licking and sucking on Ellens nipple with gusto.  Oh please said Ellen as she pushed the rest of her cloths off and moved Bettys hand down over her belly and onto her shaved mound.

Betty didnt object, and began to explore Ellens pussy with her fingers, while still sucking like a hungry child on Ellens swollen nipples.  Lower, Ellen moaned, lick my pussy and pushed on Bettys head guiding her downward.  

With Ellens legs wide open and Betty facing her pussy, I peeled back Ellens pussy lips telling Betty to lick her.  Betty hesitated some, but then slowly lowered her face and started to lightly nibble on Ellens labia.  Use your fingers and touch her, I said, whereupon Betty started to touch and probe Ellens cunt causing her to moan with delight.  

Betty must have enjoyed that first giving of pleasure as she was busy lick and fingering Ellen, who in turn was moaning, instructing and begging for more.  Ellen, I said, as I move my cock towards her face.  She immediately reached for me and pulled me closer raising her head to begin licking and sucking on my cock. Her only distraction was some continued surprise reactions to Bettys continued attention to her pussy.

It wasnt long thereafter that Ellen began to scream that she was cumming, which only caused Betty to become more and more attentive, if that was possible, and I helped by emptying my balls to Ellens delight and as they say, finger licking good.

Ellen said she had to leave, much to Bettys dismay, but before dressing did tease Bettys clit with her extended nipple.  Ellen then gathered her cloths, dressed and left with the promise of being in touch with Betty.

I lay down with Betty and we talked about her revenge as I toyed with her tits and she in turn teased my cock with her fingernails and fingertips.  It wasnt much longer after that that I was buried deep within her and pounding her for every extra millimeter possible.  Finally, Betty tightened every muscle in her body and shuttered deep within causing multiple climaxes until she lay exhausted beneath me.

Sorry you called, I asked?   No, no not at all she replied as she finished dressing then gave me a big kiss, saying thank you for freeing me.   My pleasure, I said, rubbing her ass, adding, guess next will be to begin for your future ex-husbands goodbye present.  

Months passed and finally Betty was divorced.  The financial settlement was received and she was a free woman.   She checked with her attorney who assured her that anything she did could not reopen the legal proceedings between her and her ex.   She decided to wait 2 months to assure that everything was cooled down from the divorce, then she sent her husband an invitation to view her web site.


