Chapter Five

	Rand entered Gracies rooms without knocking.   His mother and Gracie were sitting on the on the love seat.   Gracies head turned the moment he entered the room.  Queen Aria could almost see the sparks flying between them.    Slowly she rose to greet him and hopefully stall him until Mica could get here.
	Now, son, you need to stop and think. His mother coaxed.  Its not time for your joining. She reminded him gently.
	I dont care. he all but growled, intending to forcibly move his mother, if it meant getting to his beloved.
	Son, please, stop and think about what you are doing. His mother coaxed again.  Where was Mica at? she fumed silently.   She didnt have the power to stop her son if he choose to over power her.  She knew that he wouldnt deliberately hurt her but she would much rather have Mica deal with him.
	Im coming, love, Mica assured his queen.   And a few moments later, King Mica and Colin burst into the room.
	Rand! his father barked.  When his son was slow to respond, Mica then realized how far the mezclar had gone.   Cursing softly, he strode closer to his son. Then he began to speak to him so softly that only Rand could hear him.   Son, listen to me.  I know how hot and how deeply the mezclar burns.   I know the temptations of it.  Its enough to drive you right out of your mind with desire and the need to claim the other half of your soul. I know this but I also know that you are stronger than this.   I know my son.  He has the strongest will of any man that I know.   I know my son can hang on til the time of the joining.   Pull back from the edge.  Believe me, it will be well worth all the suffering.   In less than two weeks, son, you will be wed and Gracie and you will probably set the whole palace on fire from your consummation.   Just hang on.  Keeping his arm around his sons shoulder he waited til he felt some of the tension leave his sons body.   Rand was slowly mastering the wildfire that was flowing through his veins.   Just before the last of the tension left Rands body, the King heard a shout come from the courtyard outside.  Glancing out the window he saw that the water in the fountain was bubbling wildly.  Looking back at his son, he realized that Rand was projecting all the trapped heat in his blood to the fountain to release it harmlessly.   Thats right, son.  Get rid of it.
	Im in control, now, Dad.  Rand said softly.  You can let go of me.  I promise I wont rape her.  Rand said in self disgust.  Turning he left without looking at Gracie. 
	Rand.  Gracie whispered with anguish.    She saw nothing but the disgust on Rands face.   She didnt particularly like herself at this particular moment.   She had drove him to the point of dishonor.   If it hadnt been for King Mica, he would have dishonored himself and his crown.   Sighing she stood shakily and left her suite of rooms.   A long walk would be the best thing for her.  Maybe she should just start walking and not look back, she thought to herself. 

	Mica slowly smiled.  Colin and he were sitting in the Kings Solar, waiting for Jonathan to join them.  They needed to discuss how to help his son.   The incident today had been to close for comfort. While he was waiting his inner vision had revealed to him a glimpse of the future.  His son and new wife would be blessed with a beautiful set of triplets.  And soon.  Looking at Colin he phrased his next question carefully.  Colin, I dont mean to pry in your personal life but if you could answer me a question, it might be the answer to the dilemma were in right now.
	Alright
	When your wife was ovulating, did your dream merges become stronger?
	A dull flush stole over Colin, but he still answered.  Christ yes.
	Is it possible that Gracie is ovulating and with the full moon so near, her body simply overrode the cycle of the moon and jump-started the ritual?
	I never thought of that.  But it is possible.  If this is the case how do we keep your son from losing his mind before the wedding?  You have foreseen the date of their union a long time ago.
	I dont know.   Why dont we ask Jonathan.  Aside from Gracie, he is the closest person to Rand.  Maybe hell have a suggestion.
	I think that would be a great idea.  Colin replied.
	
	Jonathan strode into the Kings Solar  a short while later.    After making his bow to the king and his advisor he waited to see why he had been summoned.    King Mica came straight to the point with him.   After having the situation explained to him, his brain kicked into gear to find a solution for the problem.
	The only thing I can suggest is making sure that they have a chaperon.   I know Rand will try to resist the temptation.   He is very honor bound.   He wants to do this right and follow the tradition.  He told me he was honored to follow in your footsteps, King Mica.
	I know he wants to do it the right way.    Colin replied But how long do you think he will be able to resist her when she is going out of her mind with same desire as he is? Colin  asked.
	I know she is still resistant to the idea of the marriage but I hope  hes making progress with her.   The only thing that I can see causing problems is if Gracie tries to seduce him before the wedding vows.    And with the mezclar have already started she may just try to do that.    And I know Rand well, Colin.    He has wanted your daughter badly for a number of years.    Sometimes so badly that I am surprised he was able to restrain himself.
	Really?  Colin said with a surprised look on his face. I wasnt aware of his interest in Gracie til it came time to choose a wife for him.  She was the first name that he said when we started discussing it.
	The only choice, Colin.    Hes been in love with her since high school.   As a matter of fact they bonded on the dance floor during the senior prom.    He wont accept any other than her.  He knew that she was the other half of him by the end of that first dance.    And nothing has changed for him.
	Well its a good thing that she passed all the requirements of a future queen then.   Colin said dryly.   
	Yes.   Jonathan said.   So how do we want to work this?   I know Rand can only handle having certain people around him 24 hours a day. And we dont want this to leak outside to t he press or anyone else.   So I dont think that assigning a guard will work.
	I know.   I was hoping that you would be able to do the evenings  with him.   While I can do the days.  King Mica replied.    Upon hearing this Jonathan realized that his courtship of Patience was going to be put on hold.  But the next thing that the king said surprised him.  I dont want this to interfere with your courtship of Colins daughter, Jonathan.   
	What? Colin asked surprised.  
	Jonathan has been wooing Patience for the last few months.   He has been carefully pursuing her.  So careful that she probably dont even realize that hes interested, I bet.  King Mica said dryly.
	And your intentions towards my daughter? Colin asked with a frown on his face.  
	Relax, Dad.  Jonathan said dryly.  My intentions towards your daughter are the same as Rands.     I have know for a long time that Patience is the one for me.   But your daughter has tall defenses to climb to even get close to her.    She somehow thinks that her not having magic is a negative thing.   That no wizard would want her as a mate.   But I intend to show her otherwise.  And now that, that is settled, we have one more thing to discuss.  Jonathan said with a grin on his face.  
	Whats that? The king asked.
	Who gets to break the news to Rand that hes gonna have a babysitter?


	How did I get elected to do this? Jonathan mumbled to himself as he knocked on the door to Rands suite.   He could hear his friend moving around in the room before the door slowly swung open.   Jonathan was taken back at the appearance of his friend.  Rands ebony hair stood up at all angles on his head and Jonathan could see the tremors that still racked him.   Deciding to take this into his own hands, he threw his arm around his best friend and smiled.   Come on, lets go work off some of this energy.  Lets see who is the stronger wizard today.  Jonathan challenged as he drug Rand down the hall to the exercise room.

	Rand groaned deep in his throat and rolled away from Gracie.    Somehow they ended up on the love seat tangled together.      Sitting on the edge of the love seat he drew deep breathes into his burning lungs.   He didnt dare look at her.    It wouldnt take much for him to give in.   He was barely hanging on to his control.   He could hear Gracies gasps of pleasure still running through her body.   He had given in as far as he could.    He had pretty much had kissed her senseless and given her what little pleasure he could without breaking tradition.    But his body was telling him, actually it was screaming at him that the kisses werent enough.    He had to join with his mate before he would know any peace.   Surging to his feet he paced over to the bar and braced himself against the cool wood.    Gracie watched him from the love seat.   She was tempted to chase him across the room.    If anything the fire was burning brighter inside of her.    He had kissed her senseless but instead of dampening the flames it had only succeed in fanning them.   
	Rand?  She asked raggedly still trying to catch her breath.   Are you okay?  
	No.  But dont worry about it, mi reina   Everything will be fine.  Rand said hoarsely, not wanting to tell her that he was at the edge of his control.   He had a feeling that if he did she would purposely push him over that edge.    It would be a glorious coming together but it wouldnt make things any better.   In fact the desire would just become stronger.  But he knew that she didnt believe that.   Behind him he heard the door open then close.   Turning he saw that Gracie had gone into the bedchamber of her suite.   Pulling in a ragged breath he slowly forced it out, attempting to calm himself.     There was a soft knock on the outside door of the suite.   After another deep breath, he bid the person to enter.  Perhaps it was best if Gracie and him had someone around.   Then they wouldnt want to rip each others clothes off.  Right!  He sighed with relief when he saw that it was Jonathan.   
	Christ, Rand.  Youve only been in the dream merge for 2 minutes.  What did you do?  Attack each other the moment that you connected?  

 		Damn it, Jonathan, I dont know how much longer I can control this.  We cant even been alone in the dream merge without this happening.  He said raggedly.   
		I know, thats why the King and I are going to be your constant chaperon.   As long as one of us is with you, it is going to be hard for you to indulge.  Unless you are into exhibitionism.   Which I dont think you are.   Jonathan replied humorously.
	No, never.   This is something that is going to be between Gracie and I.  No one else.  Rand said as he slowly sipped on the drink that Jonathan had just given him.   Slowly the tremors were leaving him.   Just when he thought he had it under control, Gracie walked out of the bedroom with nothing but a robe on.  Rand took one look and surged to his feet.   He had to have her right now, he vowed as the fire ran like lava through his veins.  Jonathan swore under his breath and quickly blocked him from going to Gracie.   
	Gracie, get out of here.  Jonathan said harshly as he moved to block Rand once more when he tried to dart around him.
	Why?  Gracie asked half heartedly as she gazed at Rand.   She knew if she could just get around Jonathan, Rand would surely give her what she wanted. 
	Rand, buddy, come on.  Jonathan coaxed, you know that you cant do this right now.  You know you dont wanna do this right now.
	Like hell.  Rand growled.  Move, damn it.  I dont want to hurt you Jonathan.  
	This is me youre talking to, Rand. This is a dream, remember?  Dont you remember I am here to help you stay focused? I know you need this connection with her.  That you cant function without her.  Use me as a buffer, come on buddy, we can beat this. Focus, Rand.   I know you are stronger than this.   Jonathan said forcefully.   He had to get through to his stubborn friend.     Seeing that it wasnt going to work, he grabbed Gracie and backed her back into the bedroom.    Quickly he set her on the bed and gave her a firm order to stay put.    Then he quickly shut the door and locked it behind him.    He knew that the lock wouldnt deter Rand long but every little bit helped.  Then he turned to face his best friend.  He wasnt surprised when Rand was looming over him.  Ducking, he managed to avoid the first punch.  But he wasnt so lucky with the second or the third.  Cursing himself, he grabbed him and wrestled him to the floor.   By the time that he had him calm enough to see reason, a half hour had passed.   When Rand finally slumped under him, Jonathan released a sigh of relief.  
	You okay, buddy? he asked Rand as he slowly sat up.
	Yes, I think.  That was close. Rand said shakily.  If it hadnt been for you, I would have snapped and let both Gracie and I in for more hurt.   Ive tried to explain to her that it wont satisfy her until were married.  But she wont listen to me.

 
	Gracie stood at the edge of the gardens.    She tried to concentrate on her escape.  After she saw Rand and Jonathan fighting, she realized that she had to leave.    Maybe distance would help.    Whatever was between her and Rand was growing stronger and stronger.   She knew that it wouldnt get any better, it would only get worse.    When Jonathan had taken her back into the bedroom, she had realized that she was being selfish and it scared her.    She had heard the struggle that Rand and Jonathan were having.   And his precious control meant everything to him.   She decided then that she needed to distance herself from the situation.   So she had hastily scrawled a note for Rand and had gathered a few things and exited the room via the balcony.   It was a good thing that she was good at levitating. After she had safely floated to the ground, she had made her way through the extensive gardens.   Now standing on the edge of the gardens, she knew it was time for her to disappear.   But every fiber in her being protested the thought of leaving Rand.  But she knew she had no other choice.   Things were just getting to intense and she had no control left.    She couldnt believe that she threw herself at him.   She had always promised herself that she would never do that.  First and foremost he was her friend.   And she knew that he was destined to do great things.   She had just hoped to be standing behind him when he did.   But she now knew that it was never going to happen.  They were at a stalemate.   He wouldnt go back to their other relationship and she couldnt go forward to be part of the new relationship that he wanted.   It was time for her to leave.   She hated running but her back was against the wall.   She had no other choice.   Whispering a invisibility spell she disappeared into thin air.   

	Rands head flew up in the study..   Something was not right.   Gracie had not come down for breakfast, so his mother had gone looking for her.   Then it hit him even before his mother told him about  forcing  the door open on Gracies bedroom.   Gone!   His soul cried.  
	No. he grated as he shot back up off the chair where he had been sitting.  Pushing past his mother, he strode towards Gracies room.   Of course it was empty.   Glancing around he immediately noticed a note laying on the dresser.   Picking it up, he debated weather or not to read it.   It didnt matter what it said he knew that she was gone and he wasnt going to let her go.  Finally he opened it and scanned the contents.

	Rand,
	Sorry, I had to go.   If anything yesterday proved that this is just not right for 
	either of us.   I cant go forward and you wont go back so I guess we are 
	at an impasse.     Best of luck to you in the future.   I am sure that my father
	will be able to find you a new bride.   I was honored that you chose me 
	but this will be for the best.   In the end you will see.   Hopefully you will
	think of me favorably when its all said and done.    
	Grace

	Like Hell.  He said harshly.   Striding back to the study he told them all simply, Shes gone. But not for long. Shes mine. And shes going to stay mine. Ill leave in the next hour.  Then he left the room and headed to his solar.  Sitting down in front of the fireplace he contemplated on his next step.   It was obvious that Gracie was scared.   And she was going to try and hide.   But she didnt seem to realize that they would never be free of each other.   But she was going to get a crash course in it very soon.   He decided then that he would not merge with her .  She would have to make the connection and probably sooner than later.   This time he would let her find out how uncomfortable it was to be apart from him.    He had no worries about her being able to care for herself.   But she would need the connection just as much as he did.   Ah Gracie, I wish you wouldnt have pushed this.   But you will realize that we are meant to be together.  Take care, mi reina, until we see each other again.  I wont let you go.  So you better get use to it.  Im coming for you.  The longer I look for you, the angrier Ill be.   So why dont you just come home to me?  All I want is you.  No one else. Come home, my love.  He smiled softly and wished he could see the expression on her face when she received his thoughts.   
	Gracie fumed hotly after she heard the soft whispers of his thoughts.    Groaning she pressed her face against the cool glass of the window.  
	
	Patience paced across her livingroom.    Jonathan had just informed her that Gracie had fled.   She couldnt believe that her sister had run from Rand.    Her sister was fearless.   She had always dared to tread where no woman had gone before.   
	I cant believe she ran.   How are we suppose to help Rand with her if she has left?   Patience asked as she continued to pace furiously.
	Sweetheart, calm down.   Jonathan said soothingly.  
	How can you be calm about this.    Shes gonna bring disaster down upon my mother and father.   This is not a small slight.   An advisors daughter does not turn down marriage to the crown prince.   It just isnt done.   Gracie is lucky that Rand has chosen her.  He could have chosen any other witch.   She said hotly.
	Yes he could have.  Gracie said quietly.  And for the record, Patience I told him to chose another.   Patience and Jonathan spun around to see Grace standing in the doorway.   When Jonathan reached for the com unit strapped to his waist, Grace frowned.
	I wouldnt do that Jonathan.  Grace said more calmly than she felt.   Youll force my hand. You are not going to call him.   
	Who do you think Im going to call, Gracie?  Jonathan asked cautiously.
	Your best friend. Grace said evenly.  And I wont allow that.
	Hes your best friend too, Gracie.   Dont forget that.  Dont ever forget that.  Jonathan replied.
	I havent Jonathan.  But he has.  He wants more.   But I have no more to give.  Grace said still watching Jonathans hand.  She just knew he was going to try and alert Rand.  It was just a matter of timing.  
	You know I have to let him know, Gracie.    He has that right.  Jonathan coaxed.  He has bond with you, Gracie.  There will be no other for him.  You know how that works.
	Then hell just have to unbind himself.  Grace said still watching him.   Jonathan was torn between alerting Rand via the com unit or simply sending it to him telepathically.   He didnt use the telepathic link often.  He was a little rusty.   Grace watched the wheels turning in Jonathans head.   He was going to alert Rand but it wouldnt be by his com unit she realized.  He was going to use another path.  Groaning she whispered an apology before she attacked.   Jonathan was totally unprepared for Gracie to attack him.   If anyone had ever asked him, he would have swore that Gracie would never hurt him.   He was at a disadvantage, he didnt want to hurt her.  Rand would never forgive him if he did.   Because of this he was taken completely off guard when Gracie kicked his knee cap and shattered it.   It had the desired effect.   It took him off balance and down to Gracie height.   Then she clipped him on the chin.  Just before he blacked out he managed to send a fragment of a thought to Rand.   Shes here 
	Patience screamed as she watched Jonathan fall.   Turning towards her sister Grace sighed.  
	Patience, calm down.   Hell be fine. 
	I cant believe that you just did that.  What ever possessed you to do that?
	I told him not to Patience.  I warned him.  You heard me.  Grace said tiredly.   Came by to tell you that Im leaving.   I wanted you to hear it personally from me.  But as usual you and Jonathan are thicker than thieves.   Hes a wonderful man, sis.  Dont let him get away.   I wish you two the utmost happiness.   Then she steeled herself.  Good night, Patience.   Gracie said as she cast a sleeping spell over her little sister.   Time was of the utmost essence here.  She knew that Jonathan had sent out his call to Rand and she was sure that he was on his way.  But first she had one more spell to cast before she left.  It only took a few moments to perform the healing spell.   Patience deserved a whole and fit husband.  Not one with a limp.  Then she disappeared.
	Rand stormed into Patiences house.   In the livingroom he found both of them sitting on the couch holding their heads.   
	Im sorry Rand.  I tried to stop her.   Looking at his best friend he saw that Jonathan had a bruise running down the length of his jaw.   Gracie, you sure did a number on my best friend.   Damn woman I love that feisty side of yours. Just remember, sweetheart, your time is limited.  Run as far and fast as you can.   Youll only end up running right back to me.   When he didnt get an answer he wasnt surprised.   
	You okay?  He asked Jonathan.  
	Damn, do I have a headache.  Jonathan replied.   My knee aches too.  But she didnt break it thank God.  Rand knelt and felt along his friends knee.   Hey, now dont you start getting frisky with me. Jonathan joked.
	She did break it, Jonathan.   And youre a lucky man.  She healed it too.   Now you know why I kept telling you to never under estimate her.   She can be a deadly foe.  She was trained right along side me, Jonathan.  Dont ever forget that.  He said as he stood up.
	But you can handle her cant you?  Jonathan joked.
	Actually we could actually end up hurting each other.   She is my equal in every way, including that particular area.  But I trust her not to hurt me. We care to much about each other to let that happen.
	This is why I dont want a wife with powers.   I dont want to worry about her trying to kill me during a temper tantrum.  The moment the words left Jonathans mouth, he realized that he had said the wrong thing.   He felt Patience go rigid next to him.  Now Patience, honey- he started.
	Dont! she hissed. I swear you have a head full of rocks, Jonathan, to think that only a woman with power could kill you, during a tantrum. And as far as I can tell, she has every right to be pissed off.  How would you like it if I had my father order you to marry me without your consent and you have no choice in the matter.   This is after he has consulted with your father on the compatibility of our union?
	Jonathan growled and surged to his feet.  Id beat you to the alter sweetheart. 
	I think this is my cue to exit.  Rand said dryly.   But neither one of them were paying any attention to him.   They seemed to be squaring off against each other.   He decided to let them work it out.  But he couldnt think of a better person for his best friend.
	
	Standing outside in his gardens Rand stared up at the stars.  He wasnt surprised when his father joined him.   
	Hi, Dad. 
	How are you holding up, son?  I know this has to be difficult for you.  
	Yes, but its going to be just as difficult for her, dad.   She doesnt realize the extent of our bond yet.  But she will.
	I see, youre going to force her hand.
	No, but the first time she merges with me, Ill have her. And she wont leave my side until the wedding vows are spoken.   And maybe not even then.  Rand said as he watched the moon rise.
	And how long son are you going to be able to resist the urge to merge with her.
	As long as I have to. And the new moon will be here before long.   Neither of us stands a chance against the mezclar once the new moon rises.   Shes going to come back to me. Or Ill just drag her back.   Shell have no choice.

	Grace watched as moon rose over head.  It was almost full.   Somehow she knew that Rand would be watching the same thing as she.   She longed to share it with him, but knew the first time that she even brushed against him mentally  he would have her.   And she knew it.    Pushing her hair back from her face she continued to look up at the moon.   She was already homesick.   And it had nothing to do with where she was at.  And to her dismay she knew that home would always be with Rand.    Ever since she was a girl she had been tagging along behind him.   Damn him anyways!  She fumed.   He just had to go and change everything.    But the changes he has brought are exciting, her inner voice countered.   You would love to be intimate with our future king.   Lets face your fear here, you are in love with him and have been for a long time.  Oh be quiet, she told her inner voice.   She was tired of fighting the attraction between her and Rand, tired of fighting the mezclar.  Just plain tired.    Turning she walked to the sleeping chamber.  Maybe the best thing to do was to put her self in a meditative sleep.    Sighing she sat down on the bed.  Sitting crossed legged, she attempted to begin the first steps of the meditative sleep.    As she slowly focused she became aware of another presence.    She didnt need to examine the presence to realize that the presence was Rands.  Examining the connection she realized that somehow, her and Rands powers were intertwined.  Which meant that there was no real way to start the meditative sleep without his help.  And if she contacted him to help he would be here in a moment to take her back.  Back to the madness and wild desire that seemed to rule both of their lives.   So she laid down on the bed and watched the moon slowly make its way across the sky.
*******************************************************************************
	When dawn arrived the next morning, Gracie was standing in front of the window, watching the sun begin its ascent to the cloudless sky.  She hadnt gotten much sleep during the night.   What little she did get had been plagued by erotic dreams of her intended.   When she awoke each time drenched in sweat with her body tight with unfulfilled desire, she would roll over and try to go back to sleep.   But since she had left the palace,  sleep had been the enemy and a very elusive one at that.   As the sun crept higher in the sky, she wondered how Rand was faring. If he had done as she suggested and found another.   Since their high school days, Rand had the pick of who he wanted to date.  Surely my father and his could find another.  She said out loud.
	Like hell.  Rand said coming from the adjoining room.   Walking farther into the room, he shut the door behind him. Its you or no one.  He said stopping inches from her.  I suggest, Gracie that you accept your fate. You and I are getting married in two days.
	How did you find me? she asked.
	You merged with me last night.   Several times in fact.  You damn near drove me out of my mind. Rand said huskily.
	You mean every time I dreamed I was- she asked her face flaming.
	Yes.  After the first time.  I got up and tracked you here.  I damn near had an accident when you merged with me the second time.   Dreaming about tying me up and having your way with me when Im driving is not a good idea, Gracie.   When she moaned softly and headed towards him, he stepped back quickly.  Dont touch me, Grace.  He told her sternly.    She stopped and ducked her head.   Embarrassment ran through her.   This was why she had left, she fumed.  She had no pride and no control of her body. As she turned away she heard a knock on the adjoining door.   She heard Rand tell the person to come in.  She was not surprised when she heard Jonathans voice.   Those two were near inseparable.   Jonathan would probably go on their honeymoon with them, she thought furiously.   
	Rand watched the tension build in Gracie.   Whatever she was thinking was not good.   He knew if he pushed any harder she would flee or fight him.  Jerking his head towards the door, Rand motioned Jonathan to cover that exit.    Walking as close as he dared, he spoke softly.
	Gracie, mi reina, whats wrong?  Talk to me.  Rand coaxed.
	Wrong?  Whats wrong!  Gracie said sharply.  Everything is wrong, you ass.   Im tired of being told what I am going to do, when I am going to do it, and who I am going to do with it.   Im tired of not being in control of my body.  Whatever the hell you did to me, you can undo, Prince Randall!  I didnt ask to be married to you. I didnt ask to participate in the damn, mezclar!   Just leave me the hell alone!  Gracie said hotly.   
	Now, sweetheart. He soothed, trying to be patient with her.  
	Dont you sweetheart me!   Im pissed!   You can take your offer and stick it where the sun dont shine, your highness.   Itll be a cold day in hell before I marry you!  
	Well, then you better done your wedding dress, Gracie, because hell just froze over.  Rand said coldly.  Ive run out of patience.   I dont care what my dad predicted.  Were getting married today.  To hell with tradition. Im tired of fighting it.   Hope you have booked this room for a week, Gracie.  We might be able to leave the bed by then.  He growled, grabbing her by the arm and dragging her out of room.   Jonathan stood in front of the door and braced himself for the fight of his life.   There was no way in hell that he could let them go and get married today.   He had promised King Mica that he would bring them both back to be married at the palace.
	Rand, I cant let you do that.  I promised your dad that I would-   Jonathan started to say before his best friend landed a punch on his chin.  Cursing under his breath, he tried to remain calm.   Losing his cool wouldnt help his friend.  Damn that hurt Rand.  Jonathan said. But Im still not letting you leave here.  Let me take you back to the palace.
	Fuck the palace. he snarled, as he pushed Jonathan away from the door.
	No, fuck this!  Jonathan snarled right back.  This is what I get for being your best friend?  You know, your highness, I wish that you two would grow up!  Turning towards Gracie, he focused his hot gaze on her.  Gracie, you and Rand have been destined to be together for years.   Get over it!  Rand could have claimed you ten years ago!   He knew it, I knew it, the King knew it, your dad knew it.  Christ even Princess  Deanna knew it.   Why else do you think she attacked you! He said hotly, then turning to the prince.  And you, Rand, stop acting like a spoiled kid.  You will have her soon enough.   Dont ruin this for your parents.  Jonathan scolded. Or Gracies parents at that.  They have been waiting just as long to see you two wed.   Now, you both will calm down, well leave for the palace and in two days I will personally see that you are married.  Then you are on your own.   I have my future wife to woo.  Jonathan finished.   Then grabbing both of them he drug them outside to where they had parked Rands vehicle the night before.
