James Tiberius Kirk is running for his life.

Up seventeen steps. Down thirteen. Up thirteen. Down eleven. Keep moving.

At the top of the stairway is the hall that leads to the observation deck. Sometimes the hall is empty, sometimes senior officers and their attendants pass through. No one meets his eyes, not even the ones who finally gave in to his screaming demand to be allowed to take the test before they consider expelling him.

Up seven. Down thirteen. Sweat trickling down his neck. Focus.

At the bottom of the stairway is the hall that leads to the bridge simulator. Cadets in gray, milling, waiting.

"Psychotic."

"Fucking nuts."

"At least dying is going to be interesting today."

Up thirteen. Down two. Up eleven. Delegate. Remember to delegate.

At the top, more officers are gathering, expecting a spectacle of failure.

"What's he doing?"

"He appears to be counting the steps in a sequence of prime numbers." Vulcan. Has to be.

The familiar stunned pause. "But why?"

"I do not know."

Down five. Fuck. Going to get stuck unless we cheat. Focus! Up one. Down eleven.

At the bottom, the cadets are hostile, armed.

"Pretty, isn't he?"

"Pretty stupid."

"Watch it. Did you hear what he did to Finnegan?"

Up seventeen.

At the top, there's a drudge carrying a tray with a meal that includes an apple. There's no stopping himself, he snatches the apple and the drudge's mouth gapes open woefully above the mute scar slit across her throat.

Behind her, a sharp young officer in black stops and his hazel-green eyes narrow, but Kirk is already back on the stairs, down seven, up two, down thirteen, fingers cradling the smooth skin of the apple. Telling himself he can eat it only if he can keep waiting to get in the simulator without attacking anyone.

Finally, they let the cadets in, and Kirk immediately prowls around the perimeter of the bridge, noting every discrepancy from a real Constitution-class ship, then reviewing the positions and names of all the crew. Use names, he reminds himself. Delegate. Focus.

He takes a deep breath, sits in the chair. His chair. His crew. His ship. God, how he needs this. He sets the apple on the arm of the chair, then reconsiders and tucks it alongside him on the seat. A reward. Focus. He rubs his hands on his thighs, glances up at the crowded observation window, not caring if he looks nervous. They've seen it all. But they haven't seen him.

Under way, and his breathing calms and his mind clears. A distress call. A by-the-book response. Three K'tinga class warbirds, and he's ready.

"The central ship -- magnify!" The viewer leaps forward and it's there, the simulation is up to date. His heart soars. He knows what to do. He punches buttons on the arm of the chair, putting up tactical overlays on the viewscreen.

"Hastings, send them the standard warnings. Weapons, prepare a warning torpedo targeted on the bridge of Ship One to fire on my mark. Helm, ah, Midgely, take us down forty degrees, roll one hundred twenty degrees. Phasers, acquire targets on Ship Two only, as we come within range. Nav. Jenner. I will need a very precise course from you when they start to react, be prepared."

They hate him, but training overrules the hate and they jump to his commands. He's on his feet, pacing behind the nav console and watching the scenario unfold, eyes flicking from section to section on the tactical display. Less than two seconds. He can't wait, picks up the apple, takes a bite, feels the rush of sunshine sweetness.

The Klingons start to fire and he braces. "Shields at 86%," his tactical officer says after the first impact, and he whirls.

"That's not possible!" He leans over her shoulder, enraged, fingers demanding more detail from her console even as more torpedoes hit and the shields drop further. There's no Klingon torpedo in existence, even theoretically, that's capable of shredding a shield that much in a single hit. The numbers fly through his head -- no, it's not possible, not even if they do to him he what he plans to do to them.

"Captain!"

He pivots again. "Fuck. Fuck. Fire torpedoes at Ship One. Midgely, keep us aligned in plane with Ship Two so phasers can maintain lock on the forward torpedo bay. Maintain primary shield strength against fire from Ship Three until we are past them."

"Past them, sir?"

He snarls, eyes on the screens, watching the three ships start to maneuver, seeing into the minds of their captains, their helmsmen, projecting how sensitively they're going to react, and the vectors click into place.

"Jenner, heading 186.3427." Someone snickers, and his nostrils flare.

"Midgely, I need impulse power, point six two five, on my mark." The precision is unusual but it matters and it's just a matter of inputting numbers so when the redhead looks worriedly over his shoulder and questions the command, the apple is out of his hand, thunking furiously and messily on Midgely's forehead, before Kirk even thinks. He pulls the stunned helmsman to the floor with a growl, takes the chair and places a boot on his throat, checks the nav, and sends the ship diving forward himself.

"All phasers fire! Torpedoes, keep them distracted, hold bank three in reserve. Comm, tell the Maru to get the hell out of the Zone if they can move."

He threads the needle, warbirds pivoting and pursuing just as he expects, the commander's ship unable to fire through damaged torpedo tubes, and the rest at a disadvantage because of the way he rolls the ship, better than Midgely ever could. He ignores the choking noises under his foot, listens to tactical ticking down their remaining shield strength and tries to think what else he should be delegating. "Alert medical bay to prepare to receive all crew members from the damaged ship."

The three ships are increasing speed, getting closer to each other. "Tactical, target torpedoes from bank three between the ships..." he stutters for a second, needs to efficiently communicate the numbers he sees so clearly in his head, fingers twitching across the console to add imaginary targets to the tactical display. "Here and....here. Wait for it, wait, and.....Fire! Prepare to detonate remotely."

The torpedoes are away and he holds his breath as they twinkle across space, watching them catch up to the empty space between warbirds just as their shields start to overlap. "Now! Now! Now!"

Two explosions blossom, and keep blossoming, augmenting each other and causing a wave of harmonic feedback to ripple across the shields. The mathematics of what happens to shields when they're tangent to one another is obscure, strange, a weakness no one else knows about yet and to be honest, Kirk's not certain that it will work as neatly with real, messy weapons systems as it does in simulation. But here he is fierce and elated. "Yes!" he shouts. "Fire everything! Knock them down!"

Five seconds later it's over, the debris of three Klingon ships rocketing deeper into the Zone, and he's breathing hard, scanning for signs of other ships, cloaked or otherwise. The bridge is utterly silent, aside from the simulated comm chatter. That's it? That's the no-win situation? He glances up briefly; the observation window is buzzing with activity.

He grins and licks his lips; they can't get rid of him now. He might as well finish this off right, this part of the simulation no one's ever done before. "Jenner, take us back to the Kobayashi Maru. Security, I need a team to secure the Maru from possible Klingon intruders. Engineering, a team to prepare the Maru for travel or towing. Transporter room, prepare to take casualties aboard when --"

Kirk screams as Midgely's knife plunges into his calf, and he's out of the helmsman's chair, knocking his knife-hand to the side and landing on him because his leg won't hold him up. He's swearing at the top of his lungs as they grapple, and others are shouting too. He gets a good shot in to the bridge of the man's nose and is reaching for his own knife when the doors open and Barnett strides in. The MPs flanking him quickly seize both combatants and pull them apart. The other cadets are summarily dismissed.

Kirk can't stand being held, can't stop himself, he snarls and struggles against the two brutish Vulcans pinning his arms even as he feels the blood running into his boot. A brief jolt of the agonizer leaves him limp and he listens distantly as Midgely is scolded for questioning a commanding officer and then dragged off to the agony booth for his attack. He sees the apple lying at the foot of the command chair, somewhat the worse for wear and oozing juice onto the floor, and his mouth starts watering.

Barnett has to slap his face to get his attention.

"Cadet Kirk! What sort of command performance was that?"

He's still lightheaded, exhilarated, full of adrenaline from the fight and the space battle, from winning the no-win. He tries to stand up a little straighter on the good leg, and the smile won't stop and the words come tumbling out. "I beat your fucking test."

Barnett scowls at him, gesturing at the MP, who applies the agonizer again. "Manners, Kirk. We'll figure out how you cheated later." Kirk's sudden rage means nothing to him; he just looks at the MP. "An hour," he says, "for insubordination."

"Admiral, if I may?" The green-eyed, sharp-eyed lieutenant steps down onto the command deck, brown hair neatly parted. Kirk watches him carefully to make sure he doesn't step on the apple.

"Doctor McCoy?"

"Sir, the boy's certainly earned at least an hour, but the other cadet has cut through his Achilles' tendon; that needs to be tended before anything else can happen if you want him walking when you're done with him."

Barnett's nose wrinkles in distaste, but he knows better than to cripple one of Nogura's toys. He glances back up toward the observation window.

"Fine. Heal him." He gestures, and turns on his heel and leaves, and the MPs drop Kirk back into the command chair and slap a pair of magnetic cuffs onto his wrists. He's still fuming about the accusation of cheating, but his attention is grabbed when the doctor bends down and retrieves the apple. He looks curiously at Kirk for a moment before setting the still-tempting if battered piece of fruit down on a console out of Kirk's reach, and turns to the drudge trotting up behind him with a medkit.

He's efficient about putting Kirk's tendon back together, and when he rises gracefully and says, "All yours, gentlemen," to the MPs, Kirk is a little surprised to realize that he didn't just stop at the tendon as many doctors would; there's no pain in either leg when they haul him to his feet. But the doctor also has the apple back in his hand.

His bound hands reach out for it.

"'And there never was an apple, in Adam's opinion, that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it,' " the doctor says, considering the cracked piece of fruit. "But you haven't earned this one, dirty and bruised as it is. Your response to the admiral was ill-considered."

"It's still good. Don't throw it away."

His eyebrows rise, slightly, but he doesn't otherwise acknowledge Kirk's plea, merely steps aside to let the MPs drag Kirk off to be disciplined.

Losing the apple hurts more.