The sight in front of me was gruesome. It didn't take a rocket scientist to know that I was staring at the remains of a staked vampire. Blood, guts, and disgusting strings of the vampires insides were left over in a messy oval shape.

I nervously swallowed the lump that had formed in my throat. Who would do such a thing? Who would be stupid enough to stake a vampire and think they'd get away with it? Was the question even who? Could the question really be about what?

So many thoughts were spinning through my mind like a washer and/or dryer turned on full blast. All I could do at the moment was stand there in silence and stare at the puddle of left over remains. It just didn't make any sense.

"Did anyone see what happened?" I heard Eric ask.

I was just to preoccupied and curious about who or what could have done this to even bring myself to look away from the vampires remains and turn my attention to Eric and everyone else. Instead I looked over the vampires insides to see if anything was out of the ordinary. You know what I mean.

Upon further investigation I caught a glimpse of something. The object that had caught my eye from where I was standing looked very small. It was shiny and glossy and glistened in what light there was. Whatever it was looked pretty. Even if it was laying in the red pile of left overs.

Wanting to get an even closer look I knelt down beside the remains. I was careful not to get even the slightest bit of blood on me. Spoiling the crime scene, if there even really was one in the vampire world, was the last thing I wanted to do.

When I was close enough to the object to identify it, I was shocked. Whatever it was looked really familiar to me. It was a rare baby bluish diamond carat. It was obviously specially colored or made for someone. That's when it hit me. That someone that it was especially made for...was me.

I leaned over and despite the fact that I didn't want to spoil the "crime scene" so to speak, I picked it up. My breath caught in my throat. I literally felt faint. My head was spinning like crazy and if it wasn't for Rachel bringing me out of my zombie state at that certain moment, I was sure I would've went down.

"Selena!" she exclaimed from right next to me.

I shook my head and blinked my eyes a couple of times to gain as much of my composure back as possible. Then I stood up. I had my hand wrapped around the diamond crystal.

Everyone and I mean everyone had their eyes on me now. For now the dead vampire was no longer the center of attention. Instead, I was. Judging by the looks on all of their faces they wanted to know why I was so shaken up. And, believe me I was shaken up.

Rachel looked worried. "Selena, are you okay?"

I shook my head know and then turned to Eric. "I know who did it," I whispered loud enough for every vampire there to hear, but not the fangbangers or tourists.

"Who?" he asked, curiously.

"Drake," I answered simply. The diamond was still secured tightly in the palm of my hand. You couldn't pay me to let go of it.

"What makes you so sure?" he asked.

I turned to Rachel. "Does this look familiar to you?" I asked opening my hand to show her the diamond.

She looked down at it and her eyes widened. Of course, she remembered it. Rachel was the one who gave Drake the idea of getting it made specifically for me in the first place. It went with seven other carats of the same color in the ring that Drake had used to ask for my hand in marriage with the night before all hell broke lose. Rachel had always liked Drake up until he attacked me and I thought I'd killed him and then went to Rachel and told her everything.

Rachel turned to Eric and nodded. "It was Drake," she told him, validating my accusation of the perpetrator.

"And, you are?" Eric asked Rachel.

I opened my mouth to introduce them, but nothing came out. Everything was just a blur at the moment.

"Oh, I'm Rachel," she smiled introducing herself, "Selena's sister." "You must be Eric? Am I correct?"

I couldn't tell you anything about what happened after that. It was just all too much for me to take in. Before I knew it I hit the ground with a loud thump. My face was facing a small wooded area. The last thing I remembered was catching a glimpse of someone standing in them. I was sure it was Drake. Then everything went black.

--------

The next day I woke up in my bed around 11:00. I woke up just in time to get changed and go to work. Normally I would argue with myself about going to work, but today I didn't. Work might just be what I needed the most to keep my mind of off the events of last night.

Unfortunately, it didn't work out how I hoped. My mind wouldn't rid itself of mental pictures and sounds from last night. It got so bad that I literally had to take a break in the middle of waiting a table. I just couldn't do it. My mind just wasn't in it today.

My mind mostly likely wouldn't be in it again until Drake had met the final death. Whenever that'd be. I prayed for it to be sooner rather than later. Knowing my luck, though, it'd probably be later. Way later at that.

I was sitting in the back behind Merlotte's when Sam came out through the employee door. He sat down next to me. I could tell that he was worried about me. Looking up at him I tried to put on my fakest looking real smile ever. I failed miserably.

"Are you okay, Selena?" Sam asked, caringly.

I shook my head no, seeing as if there was no reason for me to lie to him. He wouldn't judge me or anything like that. So, I felt comfortable enough to confide in him when I needed someone to confide in the most.

I told him almost everything. I left out a few details that he honestly didn't know. I didn't lie about those details either because I never even brought them up. All I did was skip them. What he doesn't know can't kill him. Hopefully.

"You can take the rest of the day off if you want," he told me as he stood up to go back inside.

I stood up, too. "Really?" I asked with a smile.

He nodded. "After you waitress table 4, though."

My smile faded.

"If you weren't requested by the person at that table then I would let you leave now. But, the person requested that you serve him or her," Same explained.

There was something he wasn't telling me about this person. Before I could question him he peeled off into the bar. I sighed before making my way inside and out to the front to serve my last and only requested table of the day.

I was shocked when I saw who was sitting there. I couldn't suppress the squeal that came out of my mouth as I ran over to the table like a little kid would if they had just entered the candy shop. "Mommy!" I didn't care the least bit that everyone in the bar was now looking at me like I had gone crazy insane.

She stood up and took me in with an open embrace as I reached the table and threw my arms around her.

"Selly, how are you?" she asked me with a smile, using her nickname for me, as we pulled away.

"I'm great now that you're here!" I answered, truthfully.

She sat back down, but I remained standing.

"Can I get you anything to eat or drink?" I asked her.

"A Dr. Pepper, please," she smiled up at me. Her dirty blondish curly blonde hair bounced as she moved her head slightly.

"Is that all?" I asked.

She nodded. Her smile refused to leave her face.

I went behind the bar and got her Dr. Pepper. I sat down when I got back to the table. "So, what are you doing here?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

Her smile left her face as she took a sip of her drink and then put it to the side. She was serious now. "You know why, Selena Kane," she answered. You know my mother is serious when she uses your whole name even though you're 21 and have out of the house for many, many years.

I swallowed hard. "I'm so sorry momma. I had no choice."

She raised an eyebrow. "No choice?" she wondered out loud.

I nodded. "I had gotten into a car accident and Eric was on speed dial so I called him before I passed out and he took my back to his club and had someone nurse me back to health." I told her. I leaned in closer before continuing. "Apparently, he had tried to give me some of his blood and I spit it back out. Then the doctor suggested that they try giving me human blood and my...well...my fangs popped out," I whispered the last part to her even quieter than I had whispered the rest of my explanation.

My mom took everything I said in and processed it in her brain. "I see," she said with a slight nod.

I sat back down and crossed my arms. "I would've never told him if it hadn't been for that. You have to believe me, momma. Please, please believe me," I pleaded, which was rarely something I ever did to anyone, including my mother.

We sat there in silence for what seemed like all of eternity. I was very thankful when she spoke up.

"Given the pretenses...I'm not going to punish you or turn you in to the witch's council," she told me. "But, don't tell anyone else. Otherwise I will have to turn you in. It'll be out of my hands if it happens a second time." She looked me dead in the eyes. "Do you understand what I'm saying to you, Selena?"

I nodded not daring to speak a single word until she was done speaking. I sighed a sigh of relief when she changed the subject.

"So, what have you been up to other than what I already know?"

It was a huge relief that we were on good terms. I no longer had to fret over the conversation that I had once dreaded to have with my mom.