                                 Coven Initiation
                                  By Lust4Life

Alice is depressed after the loss of her husband but her friend Chloe tries to console her 
and tells her about a secret society to which she belongs, a coven. Among other things, 
they practice regular orgies. Alice is intrigued and finally asks to join. New initiates are 
inducted by being fucked in front of the entire group, before one of the regular orgies. 
This time, Alice is one of 3 new women being inducted.
MF preg

Preparation

The day of her initiation dawned warm and sunny. Alice was both excited and nervous: 
Would she perform well? We should satisfy the men? Would she become pregnant today, 
or would it take time? She reflected back on the past year, the grief at the loss of her new 
husband defending the village from marauding bandits, and the support and comfort from 
her friend Chloe. She remembered her initial shock when Chloe told her that she was a 
member of a group which met secretly in the nearby forest and possessed strange skills, 
studied arcane knowledge, and followed ancient beliefs, that she was in fact a member of 
a secret coven. As time passed, her curiosity grew and she begged Chloe for more details 
of the secret group. She was appalled when she first learned that study and practice of 
ancient arts was not all that the coven did, that an integral part of their practices included 
sex with the male members of the coven, in fact that they engaged in orgies. Over time, 
her initial shock at even this wore off as her own biological needs grew: having sampled 
sex, however briefly with her husband, she now longed for more, for the feeling of a 
lover embedded deep inside her. As time passed, she had become increasingly interested 
and had finally asked Chloe what she needed to do to join the coven.

Chloe had told her that first, she had to be nominated and the members would make an 
initial determination. Chloe had nominated her and she had been approved for the next 
stage, an interview before a hooded panel of coven members. She had been accepted, and 
today was the big day  initiation day. She was to be one of three new female initiates to 
the coven. The entire coven was to be present for the big event. The initiation ritual 
required that they each woman perform an erotic strip in front of a select panel of the 
male members, and then one at time, each woman would be fucked by one of the men in 
front of the coven. After this initial fuck, the orgy would begin. As she thought about the 
upcoming events, Alice felt a tingling between her legs, in anticipation of the coming 
day.

Alice had just finished dressing in her best wrap around robe and combing her long dark 
hair, when Chloe arrived to escort her to the forest. Chloe had coached Alice on several 
occasions on techniques to excite the men. As they headed out of town Alice mentally 
reviewed her new found knowledge of sexuality. Before she new it, they arrived at a 
clearing deep in the forest. Tents were visible among the trees and people were 
wandering around. Evidently, most of the coven had arrived the day before and spent the 
night in the forest. This is it she thought, if I go through with this, many different men are 
going to fuck me, until I swell up with a baby from one of them.

Initiation

Soon the crowd began to settle into a large ring. Next a group of six men wearing only 
kilts appeared and sat in a line inside the ring. Now Chloe grabbed Alices arm and 
whispered, Its time as she led her into the ring. Alice noticed two other women being 
led in to the ring as well. The first guide briefly introduced one of the new initiates, a 
woman with shoulder length red hair as Sara, then Chloe introduced Alice, and the third 
guide introduced a woman named Arianna with long blond hair. The six of them sat in a 
row opposite the 6 men. Alice wondered which of the men would fuck her, and if his cum 
would make her pregnant.

First up was Sara, who now stood and walked to a point directly in front of the men. 
Someone off to the side began playing a flute and lyre, and Sara began to sway to the 
music. At first Sarah moved gently, her arms flowing gracefully and her hips slowly 
undulating. But soon her arms began to run up and down her body, to press her breasts, 
and her hips took on a more urgent and sexual rhythm. Sara turned one way, then 
another, then began to wiggle her ass at the men. Alice looked away from Sara and saw 
that everyone was watching Sara intently. Now Sara began to loosen her robe, letting it 
fall to her shoulders, letting it start to open in the front just a bit, finally, she let it fall to 
the ground, leaving her completely naked as she continued to dance for the audience. 
Alice looked over and saw several of the men moving their hips in response to the 
stimulation Sara was providing. Now Sara began to rub her hands over her breasts, 
pushing them together, now running her hands between her legs. To Alice, Sara appeared 
to be lost in a trance of lust and sensuality as she continued to gyrate. Alice could see a 
sheen on Saras thighs from her moisture. Now Sara moved directly in front of the men 
and began working her way down the line, first shaking her breasts at them, then pushing 
her moist pussy at them, now turning around and bending over, shaking her ass at them 
giving them a clear view of her exposed pussy.

Now Sara took a couple of steps backward and in a sultry voice asked, Who is going to 
fuck me first here? Who gets the first chance to shoot their hot cum inside me? A 
handsome man, second from the end stood up and walked toward Sara. Taking her in his 
arms he kissed her passionately, grabbing her ass and pulling her toward him, grinding 
his pelvis against hers as they kissed. Alice felt her own pussy growing moist as she 
watched the scene before her. Now the man stepped back, bent down and kissed Saras 
breasts. Now it was Saras turn, she reached down and undid the clip holding the mans 
kilt and pulled it away, revealing a large, half-hard cock. She immediately went to her 
knees and began to suck his cock, while massaging his balls with her fingers. His cock 
grew instantly into a full erection and he moaned as she continued to suck and massage 
him.

Soon, she pulled away from his now throbbing cock and lay back, spreading her legs 
wide. Fuck me. Put your hard cock inside my hot pussy and fuck me till you come. She 
said, running her hand over her pussy. Alice felt her own hand rubbing her pussy through 
her dress and noticed that many other people in the circle had their hands in their 
crotches. Now the man moved forward, kneeling between Saras spread legs, his cock 
pointing out and throbbing, while his large balls hung between his legs. Moving forward, 
he rubbed the head against Saras moist pussy lips saying Mmm, Im gonna fuck you 
good. Im gonna fuck you to till you scream and then shoot you full of come. Yes, do 
it. Do it! Fuck me now! panted Sara as she pulled her legs back to fully open herself to 
the man. Now he began to slide into her, pushing in, then pulling out, till he was all of the 
way inside her. From where Alice sat, behind them, she could see his balls snug against 
Saras ass as they rotated their hips together. Now he pulled back and began pumping 
into Sara. Alice could see the moisture on his dick from her pussy, she could see his cock 
sliding in and out and she longed to feel a cock in her own pussy. Now Sara wrapped her 
legs around the mans back and reached around between their legs massaging his balls as 
they fucked. Their tempo picked up as they continued, now Sara wrapped her arms 
around his back and thrust her hips vigorously up to meet his thrusts, panting, Yes, yes, 
more, oh, I need this as the man continued to thrust into her, grunting with pleasure as 
her pussy milked his cock. Alice thought the man must be getting close to coming, and 
Sara was moaning uncontrollably as her body started to jerk of its own accord, Oh, Im 
coming! Keep fucking me, harder, give it to me now! she moaned. The mans thrusts 
were getting shorter and faster, he was panting now, moaning as her desire brought him 
to the boiling point, and then he was lunging into her, pushing his cock into her as far as 
he could as he groaned in release, coming deep in her pussy. Oh yes, fill me up, shoot it 
in me! Sara screamed as she felt him emptying his load inside her. Finally they stopped 
and kissed passionately as Sara reached between their legs and massaged his balls again, 
urging them to give up the last of his come to her hungry pussy.

Finally, the man withdrew and they stood together, while the circle erupted in applause. 
Alice was so horny she could hardly stand it, as she thought, Its my turn next. I wonder 
who I will get. I hope he has a good hard dick and fucks me for a long time with it. As 
Sara and the man retreated, Alice stood and walked to the center of the ring. She could 
feel all of the people watching her, and knowing that they were going to be watching her 
as she fucked a stranger here in the circle made her pussy twitch some more.

Again the music started playing and Alice began to sway and undulate with the music. 
Now she looked at the five remaining men as seductively as she could and ground her 
hips in a circle while licking her lips. Then she unclasped the broach holding her robe and 
just shrugged it off, feeling it slide down her body on to the ground. She was naked in 
front of the entire coven. She could feel herself slipping into a trance of lust, with the 
single goal of turning the men on to the point that they couldnt stand it anymore. Eyes 
half closed, she undulated her hips and ran her hands up her thighs, her sides, across her 
stomach and up over her breasts. As she continued, she let a hand run down between her 
legs and begin to massage her pussy and she ground her pubic bone against her hand. 
Now she moved over directly in front of the line of men and leaning forward rotated her 
breasts in front of them, then working her way back down the line she thrust out her hips, 
pushing her pussy toward them and asked, Can you see how wet I am? How badly I 
need to be fucked? Now she thought to herself, is the time, when I learn who is going to 
fuck me in front of this crowd, whose cock I am going to take in my pussy and milk until 
it spurts its load of baby cream in me.

Backing up she asks out load, Who is going to do me? Who is going to fuck me for my 
initiation? As she looks down the row, she sees the center man stand up and start toward 
her. A handsome man, broad chest, muscular arms, strong legs extending below his kilt. 
As he moves forward, she extends her arms and moves toward him, engaging in a 
passionate kiss, she feels her breasts crushed against his chest, stimulating her as they 
slide against him, her tongue exploring his mouth as his enters hers. She can feel his 
erection pressing against her through his kilt. Now she feels his hands slide up and 
cupping her breasts, massaging them. Now she reaches down and unclasps his kilt and 
lets it fall away, his erection springing free. As his hand reaches between her legs and his 
fingers massage her pussy, she begins to stroke his cock and tickle his balls. But this isnt 
enough. She gently pushes him down on the ground and straddles him, her pussy over his 
face, and bends down to lick his cock. As she feels his tongue on her pussy, she stares at 
his cock, the cock which she will soon wrap herself around and ride until it fills her 
insides with come. She lowers her head and begins to lick the shaft, then takes the head in 
her mouth and sucks while running her tongue around it. His tongue feels so good, she is 
squirming like mad on his face as she continues to suck his cock, then pulling it out of the 
way, she runs her tongue down the shaft and licks his balls. She feels an orgasm building 
inside her as his tongue continues to work her clit and slip into her hole, her breath starts 
to come in pants as her hips start to jerk on their own, she can feel it building, its almost 
there, then Yes! Yes! Oh Yes! The contractions begin in her pussy, convulsing her as 
her hips shake and jerk uncontrollably.

Oh, Ive got to have you inside me. Stick that cock inside me and ride me she begs 
rolling off of him onto her back. As he crawls between her legs she pulls her legs back, 
opening herself wide. She looks down and sees his hard cock straining out from his body, 
already leaking pre-cum, purple, bloated, jerking in lust, as his hairy balls sway back and 
forth between his legs. She watches in fascination as he brings the head up to her pussy 
lips, and then the electric shocks of pleasure as his head touches her and he rubs it up and 
down, lubricating himself with her juice. She strains her hips upwards, eager to feel him 
enter her. Now she feels the head at the very entrance to her pussy and she watches as she 
feels the head start to slide in, spreading her lips, then deeper, spreading her cunt. He 
pulls back a bit, and then she watches as he slams the rest of the way up inside her, till 
she can feel his cock head against her womb and his balls against her ass. She wiggles her 
hips savoring the feeling of fullness of his cock in her pussy and looks up at him. Ah, 
take me she whispers, Fuck me till you cant take any more and then let me feel you 
filling me. I want to feel your cock throbbing, your juice shooting inside me. Now she 
feels his withdrawal, the feeling of emptiness as he pulls back, only to be satisfied once 
again as he plunges back in.

Im doing it, she thinks, Im fucking this stranger in front of all of these people. 
Theyre going to watch me get fucked, watch him coming inside me, maybe making me 
pregnant. Then the audience faded from her mind as she concentrated on the glorious 
feeling of his cock pounding inside her. She wraps her arms and legs around him, and 
thrusts her pussy up to meet his thrusts. She hears someone moaning, Ah, ah, Oh, more, 
oh do it, give it to me and is vaguely aware that it is her voice she hears. Now she feels 
another orgasm building, in waves, each wave lapping higher, then receding a bit, then 
building yet higher as she moves more urgently on his cock, dragging him along with her 
as her pussy massages and sucks at his rampaging cock. Finally her orgasm hits and she 
screams, her body thrashing wildly as her pussy clenches and spasms about the rigid cock 
inside her. As her orgasm starts to fade, she feels his pace quicken, his strokes becoming 
shorter and faster as he nears his own orgasm. Im ready, let it go, fill me up she 
whispers in his ear. She can feel his cock beginning to swell in preparation to deliver his 
load. This is it, hes about to flood me with his come, pump the juice from his balls deep 
into my pussy and on into my waiting womb. Im wide open and waiting for it. The 
thought makes her start to fall into another orgasm, just as she hears her partner groan 
and lunge as deeply as possible into her as his cock swells yet more and suddenly begins 
jerking deep inside her, the head pressed up against the entrance to her womb. She feels a 
sudden flood of warmth inside her as his come shoots into her, coating her insides, and 
she erupts in another orgasm of her own. The two lovers continue to push their groins 
together to get the deepest possible penetration as they feel her pussy contracting around 
his cock, milking it, even as it continues to throb and pour out its cream deep inside her. 
At last they slow and she reaches between his legs to massage his balls and is rewarded 
by a last few jerks of his cock as he empties the last of his come into eager pussy.

Finally, the man leans back, pulling his still half hard dick from her pussy with a 
squirching sound, a strand of come hanging from the tip to her pussy. They stand up, to 
be greeted with wild applause, and then are led off to a tent for refreshment and to rest a 
bit before the main orgy.

Orgy

Soon Alice heard the crowd cheering again, indicating Arianna had completed her 
initiation fuck. Its time to rejoin the festivities her partner said, taking her hand and 
leading her back out. Many of the crowd were beginning to get up and walk around but a 
few couples were already rolling on the ground, passionate hands working each other into 
a frenzy.

Despite having just gotten fucked in front of the entire crowd, Alice felt a bit shy walking 
naked among the other coven members, although she did recognize a number of faces 
from her village. Her partner led her through the crowd and soon introduced her to a 
friend of his who immediately took Alice in his arms and gave her a big hug, saying 
Welcome to the coven. Alice could feel his partially erect penis pushing against her 
bush. Alice felt awkward for a moment, and then decided his cock felt good pressed 
there, and she was here after all, to get fucked, so she pressed her pelvis back at him and 
wiggled her hips a bit as she reached her arms around him, giving him a big hug. Their 
mouths found each other and their tongues began to explore each others mouths as their 
genitals rubbed together. The man was rapidly getting harder and soon pulled back a bit 
so that his new rigid penis could point straight up between them.

Alice thought briefly how nice it was to let go completely, to abandon herself to her 
senses and the desires of her body. Oh, this man wants me, wants to fuck me, wants to 
sink his virile cock into my body and shoot his juice into me. And I want it to, I want to 
feel him lunging and throbbing inside me as he fills me. She breaks the embrace and 
taking a step back, asks in her most sultry voice as she slowly grinds her hips, Do you 
want me? Do you want to fuck my pussy with that hard cock of yours? Do you want to 
shoot your cum in me?

The man moans, Yes! Oh yes! I want to fuck you so badly! I want to feel you thrashing 
on my cock, hear you moaning in pleasure as I fuck you!

Mm-m she sighs, as she sinks to her knees and reaches out with one hand, reaching 
between his legs and lightly running her nails over his balls and then up his dick. She 
wants to get to know this instrument of pleasure before he sinks it into her. She leans 
forward and rubs his cock across her face, eyes closed, savoring the feel of his flesh 
against her face. Then raising up a bit, she rubs his cock across her breasts, sending 
tingles of pleasure through her nipples and straight down to her crotch. She can feel his 
cock straining to swell bigger, the skin is as tight as on a drum head he is so swollen with 
excitement. Now she leans down and lightly runs her tongue along the length of his rigid 
tool, teasing him. A few quick licks along the bottom and sides, then a quick kiss on the 
tip and a flick of her tongue at the hole.

She looks up briefly, looking into his lust glazed eyes, then opens her mouth and pops the 
head of his phallus into her mouth. As she lowers her head further, her tongue slides 
around his rigid member as she savors his masculine taste and aroma, and feels the ridges 
and shape of his cock with her lips, her tongue, her mouth. Slowly she slides further 
down, feeling the head pushing into her throat, until her nose is buried in his pubic hair. 
How she lifts up and gently bobs her head up and down as she reaches under and fondles 
his scrotum with her fingers, enjoying the feel of his balls resting in her palm. The man 
leans back, eyes closed, his breath coming in ragged gasps. His entire being is focused on 
the sensations emanating from his crotch. Soon Alice starts to recognize a new taste in 
her mouth, his cock is beginning to leak pre-cum. Uhm-m Alice thinks, he is really 
ready to fuck now.

Finally the man lifts her up. Much as he is enjoying the sensations, he wants to drive his 
stiff cock into the passionate woman and thrust away with complete abandon until he 
looses all control and shoots his cum into her eager pussy. He yearns to feel her body 
pressed against his, enveloping his erupting cock. Alice is having similar feelings, 
thinking how wonderful it is going to be to ride this wonderful cock and feel it erupting 
deep inside her. She briefly looks around and is amazed at what she sees  couples in 
every type sex act she could imagine, women on their backs, legs in the air as their men 
thrust eagerly into them, women on their hands and knees with their partners plowing 
them from behind, men on their backs as their women take their pleasure driving 
themselves up and down on their erect cocks, couples engaged in 69s, and more.

Now Alice lays down on her back, spreading her legs in invitation, running a hand over 
her streaming pussy, Come on lover, put that beautiful cock right here, fill me up, fuck 
me, fuck me good! She stares as he brings the head of his cock to her pussy, the hole on 
the end leaking a stream of pre-cum, the shaft wet with her saliva. The head touches her 
lips sending shivers through her body, causing her to thrust upward, wedging the head 
between her lips. Now the man leans forward and she feels his cock head spreading her 
pussy walls, feels the head sliding inside her. She can feel her pussy hugging his cock, 
flowing around the head as he continues to sink into her. Finally she feels his pubic bone 
grind against hers, his balls resting on her ass. She can feel his cock throbbing inside her. 
Her senses overwhelmed, it is her turn to close her eyes and revel in the pleasure for a 
moment, slowly grinding her hips on her partner, joined in the most intimate embrace 
possible. Finally she opens her eyes and looks up at her lover, looking down at her. 
Looking into his eyes she whispers, Fuck me, oh I want to feel you fucking me and 
shooting in my pussy.

Now the man begins to withdraw, leaving a terrible emptiness, before he drives back into 
her, once again filling her. Now he begins thrusting continuously into Alices eager 
pussy. Oh, yes, yes, do it, oh-h-h she moans, thinking to herself, Hes fucking me. I 
am giving myself to a total stranger. Im letting him take his pleasure with me. Hes 
going to blast his cum in me, and maybe make me pregnant. And then everything fades 
from her mind but the pleasure of the pounding cock in her pussy. She is an animal in 
heat being mated and she gives herself to the sensations. Her pussy continues to wrap 
around the invading cock, massaging it. Her pelvis jerks involuntarily against his body, in 
time to his thrusts, urging him on. She grinds against him, feeling the sensations grow 
still stronger in her body. She is gasping, moaning as she fucks herself on his driving 
cock. She can feel the sensations building, she is almost at the edge, she wants to cum so 
badly. Oh, more, more, fuck me, fuck me faster, harder, oh, oh, ah-h-h she screams as 
his thrusting cock drives her over the edge. Her pussy goes wild spasming around his 
cock, squeezing him as her hips buck frantically and her head lolls from side to side.

Just as her orgasm begins to fade, she feels him starting to swell still larger in her pussy, 
his strokes frantic now as he races for his own orgasm. He wraps his arms under hers and 
up around her shoulders, pulling her closer to him, locking her in his embrace. His body 
begins tensing up, lick a tightly wound spring. Alice can tell he is moments away from 
flooding her with his sperm. Yes, yes, do it, come on, cum for me, shoot your load in my 
pussy. I want to feel it filling me she whispers. That does it, the man lunges into her, 
groaning loudly as she feels his cock begin jerking inside her and feels a flooding warmth 
inside as he pumps his cum into her. She wraps her legs around him, pulling him tight to 
her and suddenly starts cumming again herself, thrashing on his spewing cock.

Slowly she comes back to earth. Opening her eyes she reaches up and pulls the mans 
head down, kissing him passionately, still driving her hips against him, still squeezing his 
rapidly deflating penis with her pussy. Finally, he shrinks to the point that he pops out of 
her pussy. The man gets up, says, Thank you, that was great and slowly walks off.

Alice, laying in a state of bliss, eyes half closed, does not notice a new man walk up to 
her and sit down next to her until she feels his hand massaging her breast. She moans 
with pleasure. Encouraged by her response, the man slides one hand down to her now 
oozing pussy and runs his fingers along the slit. Alice shifts her hips, showing her 
pleasure. Now her hand lazily reaches out and finds his cock. His cock, wet from a 
previous fuck, rapidly grows and hardens in her hand. She starts to urge him to mount 
her, but her rolls her over and lifts her to her hands and knees. He leans against her, his 
cock lying in the crack of her ass, his balls against her pussy. Now he draws back and 
rubs the head along her lips until they part. She is so wet from her own juices and the 
deposits of her previous lovers that he easily slips in and slides all of the way into her, 
until he is pressed against her ass. Grabbing her hips with his hands, he pulls her back 
against him, getting every last bit of penetration. She can feel the head of his penis 
straining inside her. Now she feels his weight on her back and his hands reaching around 
to grab her swaying breasts. As he begins to fuck in and out of her pussy she is enveloped 
by her lover  his dick pounding in her pussy, his balls slapping against her clit, his hands 
on her breasts, his pelvis against her ass. She wiggles her hips as the man fucks into her, 
trying to give them both more sensation.

The fucking lasts a long time, the man has come at least once already this afternoon. 
Alice, already aroused from her previous lovers, quickly builds to an orgasm, then 
another. The feel of his cock sliding into her pussy is exquisite. After her third orgasm, 
she feels her partner tensing up, his strokes becoming faster, his breath coming in short 
gasps. She knows his sperm is boiling in his balls, ready to rush into waiting womb. She 
reaches down between her legs and starts to run her fingers over his balls as he thrusts in. 
She squeezes his cock with her pussy, giving him as much friction as possible. Finally, 
the man lunges into her, his hips moving frantically and she feels his cock swelling, 
throbbing as he starts to pump his load into her. Ah yes, yes, give it to me, everything 
youve got she moans as he pumps into her, filling her with yet more potent male sperm.

Finally, the man is done, he rolls away from her, contented. Alice lays there, cum oozing 
from her well fucked vagina. It is getting late and some of the people are beginning to 
drift away. Soon Chloe finds her and whispers, Its time to go.

