My married cousin

By: ISS


Iam kannan from south india. I belong to a middle classfamily. we are
doing business in our home town. I like to tell about my Cousin Sister
(not in real but due to strong family relation i used to call her as my
sister.) I am in 10th standard and i used to come to my office and
factory after my school time. In my factory there was an girl unmarried
and she may be around 23 and i am 15 at that time. she will be so pretty
with 5.6 tall and she had and good figure of 34 28 34. she was the full
incharge of the factory and we used to go her house and we had an strong
family relation withher family.since 8 years elder than me i used to
call her "akka"(Sister inTamil)and she used to call me as kanna. Oh! iam
sorry her name is Sudha. When she was orking in my factory she fell in
love with a man named raja and both will lie down and take rest in
afternoon time very nearly. He used to press the breasts of her and i
used to see it without knowing to them. So at this age i used to have
fantasy with her and started reading some third class sex books and i
will hide it in office premisies. One day we had an night work in
factory and she also worked up to 10p.m. and my father asked me to drop
her in her home which is 10 kms far from our factory He told me and he
left to home. At this mean time the love between sudha and raja broked
and she is in full tension.

I taken her in my scooter to drop her inher house, but unfortunately
there was a heavy rain when we passed just 2 kms away. i asked her what
to do and she said that we shall return to office and go in morning. I
said ok and we returned to office. I went to take dinner for her in
nearby hotel asking her to olock the office inside. When i left to hotel
she had taken the bed spreads and pillows (Which i used to sleep in
night in office and used to hide sex books also) to make arrangements
for sleep. I had returned taking dinner and we had dinner and i thought
trying her today night. But she told that she will sleep inside the
office. i had to sleep in factory, but are adjacent(only one door is in
between). I could not tolerate my sex feelings and by 12 am i get down
slowly and went to office and opened the door. My god door was opened. i
sit aside by her and she was asleep and i could see the muslces of her
body is going up and down while she breaths. i could see her breasts are
fighting with the bra and bloushes that she wears. i slowly slept near
her and i taken my legs and put on her legs. she got awake and she asked
why u came here? i told it was cold outside and there is no blanket so i
came here. she smiled at me and said ok to sleep with her. i was happy.
she was wearing an orange saree and i could view the colour of the bra
in red. i slowly moved my hands towards the breasts and slightly touched
it. she got awake and she told what are u doing? i told nothing. she
asked me sleep quiet and i coudn't. I again started pressing the boobs
with the blouse and she scolded and refused and said that she knows that
i will do such things as she noticed the sex books hided inside the
pillow cover.I requested her for one time only to cooperate for top i.e
Breasts and not for bottom. And after long struggle she agreed to open
the bloushes She refused to open the bloushes and she lie down by
closing her eyes and i opened the bloushes and very much excited to see
the virgin body in red colured Bra.

With a hurry i asked her to turn upwards and i released the hooks of the
bra and the pretty breasts welcomed me and i sucked the breasts with
full speed and at one stage i bite the nipples and she screamed. Then
slowly i made a massage on her stomach and she moaned like isssssss and
ahhhhhhhhh . This continued for about 2 hours and i slowly moved my
hands to her lower part of the body. I tried to insert my hand inside
the petticoat and since it was tied i couldnt. She refused for that and
she folded her legs and i could not move towards anything. That night
then after 2.30 am i got an good sleep and she woken me at 6 am and told
her to drop in her home and we two didnt exchange any words for two
days. After two days she become normal and she said that she said to me
in a smiling face that she will not work any over time when i was in
factory. I told Sorry to her and she told Thats ok and asked me to
control the feelings in this age. After two Years and she was married
gone to her husbands village and our family relation continues.

She had an children boy of age 9 Years (At present) and even though i
used to mastrubate by having fantasies with her till now also. I used to
have weekly thrice by having her fantasies and the semen that
mastrubated by having fantasies with her will be more than 5 litres for
the past 9 years.Now she was 34 and iam 26. She had Financed some amount
to us and she usually comes monthly to our house to get interest
portion. I planned to enjoy her as she was married and i had an idea
that she will allow me to taste her body if we get an chance.

Before 6 months i.e in December 2001 she phoned me and asked when to
come home for getting Interest amount and i replied to phone next day.
At that time my family members planned to go for an tour for seven days
and i usually will not join the tour because i want to be in factory.
Next day she phoned me and i invited her to come and stay in our house
for two days with her son. She told that her son had gone to grandmas
house in halfyearly exam leave and she told that she will come and stay
for onenight. I told that i can arrange you the amount on saturday and i
asked her to come saturday afternoon. She doesnt know that my parents
are leaving for tour on friday night. She had a program to stay in our
house on saturday and leave by sunday morning to her mothers home and to
take her son with her to his house. I eagerly awaited for the day to
come. As she told earliershe came exactly at 4p.m to my office and asked
where are the family members? I told they went on tour as an immediate
program as programmed on Thursday. Then she told ok give me the amount i
will leave to my mothers house. I told u can go tommorrow and she
hesitated to stay with me. Then I told that i want to go outside and i
will come by 7 pm and i will drop u in your mothers home at 8 pm. she
told ok and i left her in my office and went outside. Actually i dont
have any work and planned to make her to stay with me.

At this season was rainy and it begun to rain at 7 pm and i rained
heavily up to 8.15 pm. I was near my office and i phoned her and told i
was about 6 kms away and it was raining heavily that i will reach after
rain only. She asked me how i will go to my house and i told if it was
too late i will drop u earlier in the morning. She said Ok in a low
voice and i returned office at 9.45 pm. She was tired by sitting 5 hours
in a place and i asked her whether she will prepare dinner in my home or
to get it from outside. She told that she was tired and she asked to get
something from hotel. I dropped her at my home and went to hotel to get
dinner. I reached at 10.30 pm and while coming i brought a bottle of
honey and icecream with the dinner. I also bought some Adult agazines
and a packet of Moods Condoms and ididnt show to her. As she told that
she was getting tired i bought one tablet for sleeping and i said it was
the tablet for headache. We both enjoyed the dinner and she took half of
the tablet and both went to sleepin differnt rooms. As it was a sleeping
dose i know she will not get awake for 4 hours maximum and decided to
enjoy her. I slowly wake up and went to her room and she was sleeping
with her saree was away from her blouse. Her boobs were standing like
two pillars as she weared a tight bra inside her blouse. Slowly i went
near her and laid aside by her and started taking ofthe saree. as she
was in sleeping doss she could not realise fully at that moment what was
happenning.

I slowly removed the saree form her body and she was in Petticoat and
Bloushes. I was very excited to see the half naked body and the stomach
muscles were coming up and down as she was breathing. I slowly removed
the hooks of the Blouse and i took her head slightly upwards and removed
the bloushe and she was in Bra and petticoat. I slowly pressed the boobs
with bra and she was sleeping like an statue. I got more excited and
started to make massage with her stomnach muscles. With an excitement i
also removed the white bra and i could see the two mangoes asking me to
take it in my mouth. I thounght of seeing whether she was wearnig any
panty or not and i slowly lifted the petticoat upwards and i was very
happy that she weared and black panty and i stretched the elastic
downwards to see her pussy. Oh god it was the first time for me to see a
pussy of a woman in real. Her pussy were covered like jungles of black
hair and kissed the pussy and i thought of doing above that with her
prior permisison. I Know that she will be awake at 2 pm and till that i
pressed her boobs and licked her pussy and made my penis inside my
underwear. At 2.40 she got awake and she realised that she was half
naked and there was no saree , bloushes and bra. she saw me sleeping
near her and she asked me to get up and asked me what had i did? I
sipmly saw her and she fell an angry sight towards me. I told that i had
lost my control and ididnt cross the line of control and if it hurts her
i told i feel very sorry for what had happenned.

Later she went tobath room and made her dresses correct and she came and
smiled at me and said that she thought i might have controlled my
feelings and said you are keen to enjoy me for 10 years. I smiled and
yes i like you. She told u naughty fellow what the tablet that medical
shop person given, i could not realise that antthing u did? oh i missed
a lot. I told her it might me a heavy dose for headache and u got asleep
and so i thought not to enter the main prmisies with my brother without
prior permission from u. she appreciated me for my control and she asked
me whether u like to have me? I nodded my head and i still waited for
her permisson. She scolded me that time was going on and it was already
3.05pm and what are u doing simply. Oh i got an green signal from her
and got ready to attack her. I asked her to wait for some time and i
asked her lets have an bath. She refused as it was cold and i told there
will be nothing if two of us take bath at a time . In shy she told ok
and she asked for another dress and i asked what for another dress? she
gave an smile in her face and asked me to come to bath room. I took and
towel and i undressed all my dresses except my brief.She was in saree
and in full dress. She started to remove her saree and i told that i
will remove her saree and dress.

With a smiling face she gave me permission to undress her and slowly i
undresses her one by one. Now we both are in underwears only and i
poured a mug of cold water on her and with shivering she hug on me. i
was very much happy and enloyed to have an female body on me for the
first time. I slowly applied the soap on her body and boobs and pressed
and sucked it. She told ok lets have bath only and reamining we acn do
it there. I said ok and i removed her panty and asked whether i can
remove the hairs on juicy pussy. She scolded me that it will create
problem and her husband will have an doubt onher. I realised my
foolisheness and i applied soap on her pussy and cleaned it very well.
She also removed my Underwear and she touched my penis and it strtched
to 7 inch and it beome more harder than before. She told that my penis
is much bogger than his husband and she will play with it for the
remaining night. both ofus washed our birth organs and she took her
dress and simply weared an towel and entered in to the bed room. I went
to dining hall anmd took the icecream and honey and i also entered the
bed room. I just looked after the main doors are locked safely before
entering in to the bed room.There i saw her sitting on the bed with only
towel on her waist.

She asked me what for honey andicecream and i told it is for us to eat.
I told i will eat first and then she. She said ok u eat first and start
the drama. I said "Akka ne ippa than devathai mathire irruke, nan kodhu
vechavvan" (Sister u like an angel, iam an luccky man). She said dont
take more and asked me to show my strnght in works. I removed towel and
now both of us are najked and she kept her two hands on her pussy and
covered. I removed the hands of her from her pussy and asked to put on
my shoulders and we two laid on bed as naked. I asked her whether she
want icecream or honey, she told lets have honey first. I said ok and i
took the honey and implied the honey on my penis and said ok take it.
She was very happy and fely shy and said "Poda ne romba kurumbu". She
licked the drop of honey on my penis and asked me why are u not eating .
I said i wnat to eat and I applied the honey on her haiy pussy and we
both are in 69 posisition. Then after the honey i applied the icecream
on her boobs and sucked it like anyhting. She also applied on my penis
and she sucked my penis and two small balls below. I tasted her body
with my tongue from the top to bottom of her leg and really she looked
like a 25 yrs women to me. She also made her saliva andshe was eager to
taste my penis. She said that her husband never do such things and he
simply passes the water to my crops and will leave her. She said this
was an excitement in my life and she will not forget this incident never
and looking for more such occassions. She said this is enough and u give
some work to ur brother and she spreaded her legs. I asked her whether
she had done family planning and she said No,and u can proceed since it
was safe period.

But i asked her to wait for a minute and took the moods and asked her to
wear it in my Penis. She asked whether u had any relation with others
and how u got condoms here? i told that i planned to enjoy u and brought
today. She was surprised and asked why didnt u tell me before? i told i
was afraid to tell u openly. She told if u had told me before i could
have enjoyed more. I took my penis with a shield(Condom) and she showed
me the pussy and asked me to insert me in it. She kept a pillow under
her buddax and asked to insert by force the penis in to her pussy. Since
it was first experince she waited and gave me all the instructions how
to do it. I really enjoyed it and she whispered and gave sounds with a
excitement and hugged me. I did it for 8 Minutes and my brother leaked
the semen in condom and i got up. Then we again had an oral sex for an
hour and we contioned for another excitement tour at 5.30 am and we
enjoyed till 7 am in the morning. As iit was allready late we woke up
and took a bath together and she told that she is waiting for more
occassions in future till i am married.

Iam eagerly waiting for such occassions to come.
Bye


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *2549* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2603>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2603>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2603>

