Naked and Public
by Rassendyll ©

Note to readers; this is set in England and uses British English. 
Apologies to non-British readers (if any).

*

Jesus Green open air pool is always a popular place in summer here. A few 
years ago young women started going topless, then nude, and men followed 
their example. Then various indiscreet activities began to take place 
round the pool. The Council wisely decided not to attempt any enforcement 
of public decency laws, and has contented itself with erecting a large 
notice stating that children and those easily offended by nude people and 
the sight of sexual activity should not enter. Nudity is not of course 
compulsory. Any older woman revealing her sagging body quickly receives a 
firm whisper from one of the attendants.

I had arranged to pick up Jane and her daughter to take them down for the 
afternoon. Jane ia an old friend of mine. I fuck her occasionally. For a 
girl in her mid thirties she looks quite stunning, with fine firm boobs 
and a splendidly slim curvy figure. However, I have barely met her 
daughter, who has just turned eighteen.

I hadn't bothered to dress, unless you count flipflops and a small canvas 
bag. It was after a lovely warm sunny day. I parked and strode up the 
path, enjoying the feel of the sun on my male equipment as it waved and 
dangled. Jane opened the door, also bare and ready and I took a second the 
admire the thrusting tits and neatly shaven pussy hair before I gave her a 
welcoming grope. She seized my cock in reply and gave it a few delicious 
rubs but I could tell her heart was not in it.

'John, Alice is being a problem. She seems rather nervous about it. She's 
only been back a few days and she just isn't used to the idea. Could you 
come and talk to her?'

We marched into the living room. Alice was about as I remembered her. A 
superbly sexy brunette with quite luscious lips who had inherited her 
mother's figure - lovely tits, just not quite too large, strained against 
the fabric of her T shirt and impossibly long slender legs disappeared 
into a pair of very tight shorts. We stood there, my cock rising to 
hardness as Jane massaged it again. 'Now, what's the problem?' I asked. 
'As you can see your mother and I have no problem at all in showing 
ourselves naked. My penis and my testicles are fully on display to you.'

Tiny tears glistened on the corners of her shining green eyes. 'But if I 
do, people will see my breasts, and the nipples, and my bottom, and my 
snatch. I know that Mummy makes me cut it every day so that the hair is 
neat and trim ... but people might see my cuntlips, and if I get sexy, 
they might see the juice dripping down my thighs.'

'Best to take it slowly.' I said. 'Now take off the T shirt nice and 
slowly. Don't feel embarrassed. Half the world has tits and there is 
nothing to be ashamed of in having them. That's right. Now just stand 
there, and get used to me looking at that those lovely breasts of yours. 
You should be proud, not ashamed. When we get to Jesus Green you will show 
them proudly and enjoy watching lots of men rubbing their cocks as they 
watch you. That's right. Push them out and fondle them. Now slip out of 
the shorts. Go on. Pull them off. Now turn round. See what I mean? Your 
bottom is quite delicious. The two firm globes and the way they wobble 
gently is quite superb. Now take off the thong. The strap spoils the view 
of your nice bits. No. Do not be shy. Pull them down and give me a full 
display, bending over with your legs apart. Now do not be shy. Half the 
world has lovely bottoms, inviting juicy cuntlips, and delectable little 
holes between the cracks in their bottoms.'

'Now I'm just going to run my hands over your bottom and into your crack. 
A finger or so will go into each hole. Just relax. Your cunt is quite 
juicy and smooth already, well done! See? Not so difficult? You really 
mustn't feel shy about your cunt, dear. It is a part of you, just like 
that lovely silky smooth bottom and those proudly perking tits of yours.'

Eventually we set off. Jane had of course no problems in travelling nude, 
and sat in the front seat caressing my cock, but Alice was still 
desperately shy. Each time a halt in the traffic or a speed bump made me 
brake and thus make her tits shake, she gasped in terror. Bad news. The 
parking place at Jesus Green was totally full, so I had to turn around 
again go to the Park Green place. 

This made Alice totally terrified, and as Jane continued to stroke my cock 
while I manoeuvred into a space, I heard Jane whispering 'Darling it's 
only just about 500 yards, so keep the breasts thrust firmly forward and 
the pussy hair well displayed. Watch me. You'll get used to the high heels 
after a few yards.'

Obedience overcame fear and we set out, Alice strutting in front, trying 
to keep her breasts proudly displayed. Jane and I walked behind as she 
continued to massage me into stiffness. There was only a little hassle - 
lots of passers by gaping and whistling but Alice did us proud and kept on 
walking, breasts jutting in all their glory

When we reached the traffic island in the middle of the main crossroads, 
Jane tapped Alice on the shoulder, 'Now dear, John is rather hard, so just 
bend over the bollard here. Remember to keep your breasts fully displayed 
because he might want to caress them. Good girl. Legs nice and wide apart, 
so he can see your cunt and your arse and decide which he is going to 
fuck. Wider dear. The drivers want to see your nice bits too, and John is 
standing back while he spanks you so they get a good view. Don't be shy. 
See, I am bending over the other bollard and everyone can see every bit of 
me.'

'Now do you see what happens to nice girls who aren't shy and show off 
their bits properly? John is fucking you really hard and thoroughly right 
up your exposed cunt with his long meaty pole. It's thrusting in and out 
of you while all the drivers watch, dear me he is going quite hard and 
fast now and some of the drivers are clapping.

Submission ends. To be continued if anyone wants. 
