Date from Hell


I went out on a date with a guy I met only a week earlier. He’s a senior from another school, and we were having a fun time at this house party. It was a crazy party and we had a blast dancing and playing drinking games, etc. Everything was great, until he drove me home that is. I had drunk too much at the party and I was pretty tipsy and my bladder was ready to burst! I tried really hard not to think about it during the ride and couldn't wait to get home so I could run to the bathroom. All was going well but then he took a detour and wanted to park down this secluded dark road. We drove to the middle of nowhere on this backcountry road. I told him I didn’t want to go, but we were both pretty drunk so he tried to put the moves on me anyway. He had his hands all over me trying to kiss me and put his hands up my skirt and stuff but I kept resisting at first. I wound up giving in and fooled around with him for a little bit but then he was trying to get his fingers in my knickers. Finally I had to tell him to stop and that I really had to pee bad. But he just laughed at that and grabbed me by the waist and started tickling me thinking it was funny. I screamed for him to stop as I felt pee start coming out wetting my knickers but by then it was too late. I peed right in my knickers right in the front seat of his car. It was so embarrassing. 

Then to make matters worse he owns a real tricked out classic car and he totally freaks out on me for peeing in his car on his seats. He calls me a “stupid drunk slut” and pulls me over his lap, pulled my skirt up and starts spanking me right on my wet knickers. He pulls my knickers right up my ass and smack my exposed butt cheeks harshly a ½ dozen times. Then he’s like, “Get these filthy wet clothes outta my car!” and starts pulling my clothes off! Holding me across his lap he pins me down and starts pulling my skirt down from the back! I was kicking trying to get lose but I could not get up. My skirt was made out of a stretchy knit material so he easily pulled it down from behind, pulling my knickers down with it too (!) till they were down to my knees! So now I am on his lap with my skirt and knickers pulled down and my naked butt right in his face! I am trying to save my skirt from getting completely taken off but in the ensuing struggle I wind up losing not only my skirt and knickers, but my shirt and bra too in a full wrestling match with him right there in the car! He stripped me totally naked AND THEN THREW ALL MY CLOTHES OUT THE WINDOW! 

Then to my horror, he floors it and takes off speeding down the road with me stark naked and trapped in his car. Covering my breasts and crotch with my hands I tell him I want to go back to get my clothes but he wouldn’t. Instead he threatened to drive me to the middle of town and kick me out of the car butt naked unless I did everything he told me too. Then he pulls off the road and tells me he’ll go back and for my clothes only if I GIVE HIM A BLOW JOB first! I didn’t want to but he was going to kick me out of the car totally naked if I didn’t. Finally I gave in, and sobbing and naked, I sucked his cock right there in the front seat of his car. He had the overhead light on so he could see my ass and everything. He flexed his hips up and pushed down on the back of my head jamming his fat cock deep into the back of my throat causing me to choke and gag. He pushed it in and out of my mouth over and over while slapping my butt and roughly grabbing my cheeks letting his finger tips penetrate my butthole here and there. Then he wet his fingers in my gob soaked mouth and worked them down between my legs into my pussy, at first, THEN into my asshole! He kept telling me to stick my butt out, and every time I didn’t he’d slap me on the ass HARD until I did. With his cock deep down my throat he finger fucked and groped both my holes not letting me up till he was finished. He was stretching my asshole and pussy lips apart pulling them apart wide. He shoved his rock hard cock into my throat faster and faster till he climaxed with a gut wrenching orgasm blasting cum down my throat, gagging me and almost making me puke! I had sperm all over my face and in my mouth. He called me a “good little slut”, as I sat there in his car naked, and covered in spooge. 

Then, instead of following through with what he said he’d do, HE ROUGHLY KICKED ME OUT OF THE CAR RIGHT THERE AND TOOK OFF leaving me there in the cold, dark night without a stitch of clothing! It was so humiliating. I had to walk all the way back up the road, (luckily there was only one car that passed, and I hid behind some bushes till it passed), and eventually retrieved my clothes after finding them along the side of the road. 

After that I finally managed to get a ride from some older guy who happened to be passing by. He kept looking at me funny the whole ride back into town with my still damp clothes, smelling like booze, and looking all a mess. I looked in the mirror and noticed I still had dried cum on my face and in my hair. Oh my God how humiliating on top of everything else I had already been through!


