We were in our writing class and the Professor was telling us about our final assignment. I noticed Devin glancing over at me. We made eye contact briefly and then turned away. Devin and I were class partners, helping each other with our papers and actually became close friends through the class.      The Professor finally finished and dismissed us. Devin came over to me, he looked a little worried.      "Hey. Do you wanna grab a coffee later this afternoon? I wanted to ask you about something. And I guess we should talk about the project."
I smiled, "Yeah coffee sounds good. Everything alright?"
"Yeah. Yeah. Just, I don't know. I wanted to talk about something, but it can wait till later" He smiled.
"Alright," I chuckled, " I'll see you later then!" _That was weird_ , I thought. Devin is normally shy but that felt different.

I texted Devin - I'm running late, be there in like 5!
Devin - It's okay! I'll get you a coffee.
A few minutes later I pulled into the coffee shop. When I entered, I couldn't see Devin anywhere. I looked over the room a little more. There was a cute girl looking up at me smiling, she looked familiar but I couldn't figure out how.      She stood up, "Greg, over here."      I started to walk over confused. And then. _DEVIN?_
She leaned in and hugged me, instinctively I hugged her back. Whispering in my ear "It's me, Greg."
Flabbergasted I stepped back a little, but not wanting to make a scene I began to sit down.
She looked AMAZING. She was wearing a large grey baggy sweater and a burnt orange skater skirt. Her legs looked so soft in black hose and then she had on a pair of ankle boots with a small heel. Her hair was her natural curly hair, just styled more femininely. I-- I was taken aback. I was turned on, I could feel myself swelling a bit.
She giggled, _wow_. "SO. This is kinda what I wanted to talk to you about." Reaching out and putting her hand on my arm, "I'm sorry for the surprise! But I really wanted you to see the real me, since we became such good friends over this course-- and I didn't really want to not see you after, I thought I'd introduce you to Dani."
I was shocked, to say the least. I burst out, "You look gorgeous!" I pulled back in surprise and then looked her in her eyes, my friend's eyes. "I'm sorry-- this was just A LOT." I paused. "Thank you, for sharing this with me. I didn't-- I'm glad you thought we were this close and I didn't want to not be friends after this semester. I-- sorry. I'm just still a little shocked."
She put her hand on my arm again. Her smile, I felt it again. _Why am I getting so turned on?!_
"It's okay." She said. "I just felt it was time, and I really like hanging out with you so I figured you should know."
"Thank you, really I'm glad you did!"
"I guess, we should start figuring out this paper." She laughed again. "But I know you're still in shock. We can work on it later, tonight. Just over text, yeah?"
I paused for a second. "Yeah, yeah that sounds good." I smiled.
"Okay, well then I'm going to head home." She got up and smiled at me. _God she was gorgeous_. She bent down and hugged me. Then she kissed me on the cheek. Again I felt it stir. "I'll talk to you later, don't forget about your coffee!" And she walked out the door.
 _The coffee! I completely forgot she got me a coffee_. I was so caught up in everything I forgot to thank her. I sat there for a bit longer, just taking in everything that happened. _Wow-- just wow_. I took a drink of my coffee.

Later that evening I had started working on my paper, but I couldn't get her out of my head! I know she said she'd talk to me later, but something was just in my head. I picked up my phone and started a text. It was weird seeing Devin's name as the contact, I don't think I could see them as anyone besides Dani now.      I sent the text - What does it feel like?
I waited for her response, it felt like I was waiting forever.
Dani - Haha what? Like dressing? It feels great! :P Why?
Me - I don't know ha it's just still taking me back how amazing you look! I just never even thought about that.
Dani - Well thank you ;) it seems like you're thinking about it now.      Me - What? No. That's not what I meant!
Me - I mean-- I am. I don't know.
There was no response for a little bit.
Dani - Let's get some food tomorrow and we can talk?
Now I waited. I'd get to see her again, maybe. I texted back - Yeah, that sounds great!

That night I dreamed about her. She was wearing nude lingerie. Her legs in tan stockings and attached to a garterbelt. She was wearing large heels and looked stunning. She beckoned me forward and I came into view. I WAS WEARING LINGERIE TOO! It was red with black stockings, I was wearing heels too, that I had no idea how I was walking in them. She pulled me in for a kiss and we were caressing each other.
I woke with a gasp. My hand was on my cock, I had been stroking in my sleep. God I was horny and I couldn't get her out of my head. I continued to stroke until I came. I tried not to think about me in that dream-- but I couldn't get it out of my head!
   * * *
I went up to the door and rang the bell. As I waited I kept thinking about the dream. _What was that? D-- did I want to be like Dani? She looks so beautiful and can I? No. DOn't think about that._
The door opened. It was Dani! She was wearing a flowery dress, it was low cut but had lace that went up to her neck with a collar. She again was wearing black hose. _God I wanted to rub and squeeze her thighs!_ She had the same pair of ankle boots and was wearing a denim jacket.
She almost jumped at me with a hug, and I held her tight for a second. _Wow she even smelled amazing._
She pulled back, still holding onto me "Thank you for picking me up, I thought we could go grab some food at the mall?"
"Yeah that sounds good." I smiled, not wanting to let go of her.
She let go and grabbed her purse from the table by the door. "Alright! Let's get going!"
We walked next to each other to my car. She had almost a skip to her walk. I kept looking over and smiling, and she noticed.
"What is it?" She said with a slight giggle.
"Nothing. You just look amazing. Really really amazing."
"You don't have to keep saying that. But thank you" She tilted her head down and smiled.
"No really, you do! I'm sorry" I laughed, "I'm still coming to terms I guess." We got to my car and I instinctively opened the door for her. As she got past me, she put her hand on my arm and then got in the car.      Looking up at me, she did just beautiful, she smiled. "Thank you."

We arrived at the mall and went straight to the food court. Both of us got Chinese and found a place to sit away from others. As we ate, I couldn't stop watching Dani. My friend, that I got to know so well over this semester, was someone completely different.  
"So, what were you so curious about last night?" She asked, leaning back a bit in her chair.
Stumbling over my words, "Uh well-- I don't know! You just look so good and it just baffled me. And I guess I was just curious how it feels? I don't know. I had a dream last--"
"A dream?" She interrupted.
Blushing and pulling nervously into myself, "Uh yeah. A dream last night, with you. Dani, you. And then I was there, also in-- lingerie."
"Oh?! In lingerie? Was I too in lingerie?" She asked pokingly.
"I-- Yes. You were."
She smiled, "Oh? What were we doing, both in our lingerie? How did it make you feel imagining yourself like that?"
Feeling like I was now completely inside myself, I had a hard time saying anything coherent. "I don't-- we were-- I DON'T KNOW!" I could feel myself consumed in a blush.
She reached out and put her hand on mine, "Hey, hey. It's okay! I was just messing with you." She bit her lip, _God she was gorgeous_. "Why don't we try something, yeah? Follow me."
We got up. Grabbing my hand she began to pull me along. We stopped in front of a large clothing store. She looked at me and could tell I was scared, "Don't worry, it'll be fun!"
We went in and she took me straight to the panties! _D-- do I want to do this?!_ She started looking through them and grabbing a couple. She then looked at me real quick and then back to picking a few more. She grabbed my hand again and took me to the dressing room. She pushed me inside with her and handed me a pair.      "Here, try these." She handed me a pair of black boyshorts.
"I-- what? Like right here? These?"
"They're basically boxer briefs, just try them on. I'll show you mine if that'll help?" She winked, waving the hem of her dress up and down slightly.
I blushed, "Uh, o-- okay. Can you leave for a sec?"
Then she looked down, and I was fully hard. I was so embarrassed! What was happening?! She stepped once, then laughed. "I'm so sorry! I guess this is something you want after all. Here, I'll help you this once. But! You have to listen to what I say after!"
Without any hesitation, she got down on her knees. I started shaking slightly. She reached up and unbuckled my pants and pulled them down. She put her hand on my covered cock and rubbed slightly, and I MOANED. I immediately covered my mouth. She just looked up at me and laughed. We made eye contact and all I could think about was how gorgeous she was!
She pulled out my cock. She wrapped her hand around it and pumped it back and forth slowly. She looked up again and bent forward, wrapping her mouth around the head. This time she let a muffled moan. I wasn't the biggest but I knew I wasn't tiny, but this was my first time with anyone sexually. She began bobbing her head back and forth, it felt AMAZING. I happened to look to the side and notice the large mirror and saw this beautiful girl sucking me off. And then, within a few seconds of her starting, I came. HARD.
She began to pull back a little surprise, but she kept me in her mouth. As I finished, a little leaked out. She let my now soft dick fall from her mouth. She kissed it and then looked up at me. _GOD she was gorgeous. I wanted her. I wanted to be like her. Wait-- What?_
She took her finger and took the cum that came out of her mouth and sucked on it. She looked up at me, "WOW that was a lot, more than I expected."
"I'm sorry! I just-- wow. I've never had anyone do that before. You were amazing!"
She chuckled, "Thank you, it was my first time too."
She got off her knees and grabbed a water bottle out of her purse. She took a drink and noticed me staring at her. I rushed towards her and kissed her. She held tight around my neck and kissed me back. Then pulled away.
"Not yet, mister. Now you have to do what I say." She looked at me wickedly, then kissed me again. She went over to the pile of panties and handed me the boyshorts again. "Now put these on."
I took the panties from her, they felt so different than boxers. I slowly took my pants all the way off. I looked up at her from below my brow, then back down at the panties. I let my boxers fall and then put my legs in the holes of the panties. I was doing this. _Did all this really just happen? Was I really about to put on some panties?!_ I pulled them up.
"Good girl! Your first pair of panties." She clapped and my face went fully red. Then my penis began to swell again. _Good girl_. She came over and kissed me again. "Don't think. And we can't let that get hard again." She reached down into _my_ panties, and tucked my penis between my legs.
I looked into the mirror and from the waist down I saw girls legs in a pair of black boyshorts. Hairy legs but still, shapely.
"We'll have to take care of that hair but you have very cute legs. Alright, take off your shirt." She went to her purse and took out a tape measure. I hesitantly began to take my shirt off. She came over and helped. Taking the tape, she took some measurements. "Alright, I'll be right back. Maybe try one some other panties while you wait?" Winking, she rushed out the door.
I just stood there for a second, in shock of everything that has happened. I was standing there with just panties on in the middle of the room, waiting for this gorgeous girl to come back with what I can only assume is a bra. I looked at the pile of panties, when I saw them. A pair of red hi-rise panties, just like my dream. They were lace and had a little bow on the front. I took them and rushed to put them on.
I looked in the mirror, I could feel my member swelling between my legs and I immediately looked away. Then the door opened and she was back.
She looked down and smiled. "Those were my favorite too, I was hoping you'd pick them."
"They were close to the ones in my dream--"
"Oh? That's sexy, and you pull them off so well!" She came behind me and kissed me neck, it sent a shiver up my spine. I noticed her wrapping something around my chest, she picked up one of my arms. "Here, slid your arm through and here." She pulled it up and then I felt the clasps. She turned me so I could look in the mirror.
I gasped, "W-- wow. It looks so--"
"Sexy?"
"Yeah."
She came around and grabbed my face and kissed me. I held her and kissed her back, passionately. She bent back, "We're getting you these. And some other stuff." And then pecked quickly. "Take them all off and put your clothes back on."
We left the dressing room and I began to blush again. I forgot we were still at the mall. The whole time, everything that just happened was out in public! I felt like everyone knew what we were up to you. As we approached the counter, I tried not to think about it. Dani put the bra and panties and a few other items I hadn't seen her grab. Without thinking I paid.

The drive back felt like an illusion. I just kept running over everything that had just happened. _Dani made me try on panties. Made? Did I want to wear them? If anything tells me I did it's what happened! I couldn't stop getting HARD. And then Dani sucked my dick!_
Dani turned to me, "What are you thinking about, you haven't said a word." She said as she put her hand on my thigh.
"I-- nothing. Just a lot has happened and I'm trying to come to term with it all."
"I understand. It took me a bit too. But we're just having fun, and you enjoyed what we did yeah?"
"Yeah. I did. I think more than I realized." I could feel my penis beginning to get hard again.
Dani noticed, and chuckled. "We'll need to get that under control!" She squeezed my crotch and laughed again. I started blushing.
When we finally got to her house, she got out and grabbed the bags. I wasn't sure really what we were going to do. I exited and stood leaning against my car.      Dani looked back at me, "So are you coming in, silly? I still haven't shown you what I'm wearing under here like I promised."
I immediately followed her to the door. As she was unlocking it all I could think about was how lucky I was. She was so beautiful and she wanted me. She opened the door and looked back, grabbing my hand. I leaned in and kissed her.
"There's time for that later, we have a lot of work to do, mister!"