That night, George dreamed.

Jaejoong had come with food shortly after George finished her drinks. He also came with larger bottles of alcohol. Yoochun had said very little else, and she didn't press further. There was an easiness born of intimacy and secrets between Jaejoong and Yoochun, and George found that easiness stretching to include her that night. She ate what they put in her hands, drank what they offered, and none of them spoke of anything more significant than was needed for the meal. It was the best Chinese food she'd ever eaten, and while the liquor did little toward getting her drunk, the combination was enough to make her sleepy.

She yawned, and Jaejoong and Yoochun exchanged a look. Jaejoong took the carton from her, and Yoochun began to clear up.

"Sleep," Jaejoong told her, fingers brushing at Junsu's fringe, then dropping to play at her collar. She brushed his hand away, and he smiled.

Yoochun nodded. "A few hours. We'll wake you if there's a...need."

George thought about arguing, but the enormous bed was definitely calling. She stretched and stood up to take off the jeans, shook her head at Jaejoong, who grinned and leered a little.

Fine, she thought. You want a show, Angel-boy? George turned around and stripped off the jeans, well aware now of just how well-endowed Junsu was in the rear. When she turned back around and sat on the bed, she started on the buttons of the shirt, slowly undoing one at a time.

Jaejoong had stopped grinning and was more just staring. "Yeah," he said softly, echoing his earlier words, "I'd say she's got that down perfectly."

Yoochun stopped what he was doing and turned around to see her peel out of the shirt. He froze for a moment, then glanced at Jaejoong, pursed his lips and busied himself again.

George's heart hurt for him. She stood, holding her hand up to stop anything Jaejoong was going to say, and walked to where Yoochun was stacking bottles.

"Micky," she said, quiet and low in Junsu's voice. Yoochun was breathing quickly, but he stopped moving. She reached out and touched the back of his neck, fingers plying until he succumbed, turning to face her. Before he could refuse her, George kissed him, letting Junsu's physical memory loose to find the well-worn path she knew was there.

Yoochun let himself be pulled into the kiss, followed when it deepened, but when George willed him closer, pressed Junsu's body against him, Yoochun cried out in his throat, and jerked away.

"I need to know," she told him, fingers digging in to hold him near, "I need to know if you can tell the difference."

"Yes," he gasped, eyes dark and full of frustration. "I know it's not him--"

"No," she said gently, but urgently enough to keep his attention, "Not what you know." George stroked his neck. "I need to be sure that you will be able to tell, when you don't know anymore, that it's Junsu."

Yoochun stared at her, emotions shifting across his face. "Yes," he said finally, "Yes. I will be able to tell."

George nodded, stepped back, and caught his hand. "I'm sorry," she murmured.

"Don't be." Yoochun squeezed her hand, but let go. He gathered up discarded containers, and went into the adjoining room. George gave him the space, and went back to lie down on Junsu's bed.

"No bedtime kiss for me?" Jaejoong asked with an appreciative smile. He was still teasing her, but George could tell he approved of what she'd just done.

"Good-night, Jaejoong," she answered, turning off a nearby lamp and rolling away from him.

George didn't even hear him leave. She closed her eyes, snuggled down into the pillow, and lost consciousness.

The wind is blowing her hair in her face, and she brushes the bit away from her eyes, pushes her sunglasses further up on her nose. She is standing in the doorway of a building, its echoing hall to her back, before her the rolling green of hillside and forest, elaborate landscaping and winding paths. In the distance she sees a city. It is late spring; the wind is warm, and the air is full of smells.

She steps out onto the stairs leading down into the garden below, realizes she is in a cemetery. There is wailing coming from one section far in the distance, but she knows this is not where she is going. Instead, she turns toward a beautifully dressed plateau with sculpted bushes, carved granite, and three very distict monuments. These are covered and surrounded in an ocean of flowers, cards, and banners. And kneeling in the sea of memorials is a man.

She comes closer, sees his shoulders are shaking violently. He's holding his head in his hands, curled down on himself, hidden in this grotto, grief unfurled. She reads the inscription closest to him.

Park Yoochun

Glancing at the other two, she reads Kim Junsu and to her surprise, Kim Jaejoong.

The man on the ground cannot hold back a cry as he gulps for breath. She wonders how he is here alone when so many mourners have left their tokens of sorrow. Then she hears footsteps coming down stairs on the opposite side of the plot. A man, manicured to perfection much like the surroundings, steps onto the green, but only just.

"Come away, Changmin," he chides, hands in his pockets.

The man on the ground looks up, face swollen with tears and weeping. He is gaunt, she can see, under his sweater, and he wipes at his face with one sleeve. "I can't feel them here, Yunho," he pleads. "I can't even sense a part of them."

"They're long gone," the manicured man says, glancing out over the trees. "You can't expect--"

"Expect!" Changmin coughs with the force of the word. "Yunho! It's them. How could I not expect?" He finishes with a weak shrug. "Do they blame me so very much?" he weeps bitterly, reaching a hand out to almost touch Yoochun's headstone. He pulls it back before making contact, as though it would have burned him.

"You are responsible for their deaths," Yunho says succinctly, and with little pity. "They owe you nothing." He sighs when there is no response to this, looks up the stairs, then steps into the ocean of flowers toward Changmin. "Come away," he repeats, this time a little softer. He reaches out and puts a hand on Changmin's shoulder. "Please, Min. There's nothing here."

She watches Changmin struggle, then give in. Yunho helps him up, brushes him off, takes out a handkerchief, and wipes at Changmin's face. For an act so personal, there is something very detached in the movement; Yunho attends to Changmin as though straightening a bookcase. She finds herself wanting to call out in warning, but having no voice in this place. She can only watch as Yunho murmurs small things, motions toward the stairs, and guides Changmin up and away from the graves he anguished over. Yunho never looks back.

She feels the beat pounding through her feet before she sees the club. She's standing on a smokey second level, a heavy backbeat driving the dancefloor below. It takes her a moment to spot Changmin; he's climbing the stairs toward her. He's drunk, she suspects, by the way he stumbles and the fumes wafting her way as he passes her by. He approaches the door at the end of the walkway, and is met by two bodyguards who refuse him entry. One takes his arm and Changmin gets angry, yells things she cannot make out. He begins to kick at the door and scream, his voice piercing even the volume in the club. The other guard grabs his other arm, and together they start to drag him out.

The door to the private room opens, and Yunho steps out, calls to the security to let Changmin go. They drop his arms, and Changmin hits his knees hard. Yunho motions them away toward the bar, and leans down to whisper in Changmin's ear.

She cannot hear what it is, but Yunho straightens, and waits for Changmin to pull himself to his feet. Again she finds herself mute in trying to reach Changmin. His jaw is clenched, but he lowers his head, finds his legs and stands. Yunho claps him on the shoulder and holds out his arm toward the room. She follows them inside, dread rising.

The room is dim, but she can see it is not empty. Lying virtually naked on one of the couches is a boy adorned with only a fur boa. Yunho continues toward the private bar, but Changmin stops moving when he catches sight of the boy draped artfully across the upholstery. Now that she is closer, she sees why.

He is--angles and curves, beauty and slightness--Jaejoong. Changmin makes a startled noise, and the boy flips his hair, gaze coming up to rest on Changmin. She sees at the same time Changmin does; this boy's eyes are empty. Wrong, somehow, on this face.

Yunho steps behind the couch with a drink, reaches a hand to cradle the boy's face. "What's wrong, Changmin," he asks scornfully, "Don't like what you see?"

Changmin swallows, turns away. "You never liked him like this."

Yunho laughs, "But you did, didn't you."

"No!" Changmin snaps, turns to face Yunho. "No," he whispers again, trying not to look at the boy who is now stroking himself, cock fully erect.

Yunho sets his drink down, moves around the couch, reaches an hand to Changmin's chest. Changmin's eyes fall closed at the touch. Yunho moves his hand up to Changmin's neck, pulls him down to kiss. After a moment it blossoms into more and Changmin's hands come up to touch Yunho's arms. Then Yunho pulls back and whispers, "You think you could replace him, Changmin?"

Changmin jerks like he's been hit, hands falling.

"No," he cries, "Yunho. God, no." He reaches a tentative hand to Yunho's arm once again. "I miss them so goddamn much." Yunho's face is blank. Changmin tries again, "I miss you," he whispers.

Yunho turns away. "You took him away," he says quietly, "but you disapprove of my attempts to have what little memory of him I can find."

"This is not who he was," Changmin argues, glancing at the boy who hasn't moved from the couch. "This was never who Jae--"

Yunho moves so fast, she barely sees it. In a flash Changmin is on the ground, Yunho holding a hand at his throat. "You do not say that name," he hisses. "You will choke before you can utter that name in my presence."

Changmin doesn't fight the grip Yunho has on his throat. He seems to almost push into it. Then Yunho lets go, and Changmin remains still, breathing hard against the floor. Yunho rolls back on his heels and begins to undo the buttons on his cuffs.

"You want to fuck, Min? That's fine. We'll fuck." Yunho slides out of his vest, tugs his shirt out of his pants, starts on the buttons. Changmin doesn't move, just closes his eyes. Yunho is out of his shirt when he leans over Changmin, straddling his waist, hands coming to rest on either side of Changmin's head as he bends low over his body, grinding very purposely groin on groin.

Changmin lets out a moan, and his hands come up to cover his eyes. She can see tears trickling down the side of his face, sees him swallow against the cries in his throat.

Yunho is still talking. "He liked it rough sometimes didn't he? Liked you to take him without warning, with no preparation." Yunho's got Changmin's belt undone, and his pants are unzipped.

"Yes," Changmin says without sound. "Yes."

Yunho is stripping Changmin's pants off his legs, shoes already tossed away. He ignores Changmin's cock, and pushes at his shirt instead, pulling it up and over Changmin's head. She sees Changmin shiver under Yunho, then opens his eyes at the snapping of Yunho's fingers directed at the boy on the couch. "Show me," Yunho commands, getting up off the floor.

Changmin stares at Yunho for a moment, then sits up. The boy on the couch turns over, his unnerving gaze now hidden. Changmin stands as Yunho takes off his own pants and underwear, and moves to stand behind Changmin. One hand snakes around Changmin's waist, palms his cock, while the other arm crosses his chest, holding Changmin against him.

"Imagine it's him," Yunho whispers, nudging Changmin forward. "Imagine he's flirted all day, imagine his tongue dipping into your mouth when he steals a kiss. Imagine the feel of him hard as he slides by you in the hall." Changmin reaches the edge of the couch and kneels between the boy's legs, spread ready for him. Yunho grips him harder, pumping. "Imagine he's fallen asleep just after a shower. One you had to watch him share with me." Changmin bucks into Yunho's grip, head falling back against Yunho's shoulder.

"You want him so badly, and he's there, body willing." Yunho lets go, and Changmin moans, bucks against the loss. "Take what you want, Changmin," Yunho murmurs, getting up.

Changmin moves like he's in a trance, eyes closing, hands exploring the skin, the muscle, the bones of the boy beneathe him. He slides a hand between thighs, fondles balls and cock, pulls his hand back and finds the opening he wants.

"Take him," Yunho encourages, running a hand through Changmin's hair.

Changmin does. With a thrust he enters the boy, grabbing hips to control the reaction. The boy cries out in pain or pleasure, and Changmin lets out his own violent moan. George fights against her vision, tries to pull herself out of the dream, but she cannot, just as she cannot speak.

Yunho leans over the couch to take a kiss from Changmin's mouth, but Changmin is focused now. He doesn't hold still for longer than a few seconds, before he is forcing himself in and out with long strokes. The boy has bitten his lip to muffle his cries, and has to brace himself on his arms to keep from being pounded into the couch face-first.

After a handful of sharp, hard pushes, Changmin orgasms, his grip leaving marks on the boy's thighs. Yunho laughs, and Changmin catches himself before falling on top of the boy. He pulls out in one quick move, and the boy moans. Changmin tumbles himself off the couch and into a nearby chair. Yunho tugs at the boy's hair, brings his head up, and kisses him.

"Now, me," he growls, and the boy squirms back on the couch enough for Yunho to sit down where his upper body was. Yunho leans back and the boy buries his head in Yunho's lap, swallowing his cock.

"I'd like to fuck you out in the open," Yunho is saying, staring at Changmin, one hand on the head bobbing up and down. "Maybe on the ground in front of their graves." Changmin is staring back, arms and legs curled haphazardly where he fell in the chair. "Bend you over any of them, fuck you until you can't stand up." Yunho's hand grips the boy's neck and he tilts his own head back as he comes. The boy lifts up and swallows, tongue lapping its way around the head of Yunho's cock as though he's done this before.

"Will you ever forgive me?" Changmin murmurs, eyes almost shut, watching the boy finish with Yunho.

"No," Yunho says, standing up and stretching, moving to pick up his glass, ice clinking. "But I will fuck you until we both forget."

In a moment, the sick, churning feeling in her stomach spins into vertigo. She is flying down a highway in a beautiful sports car, the night somewhere closer to dawn than dusk. Changmin is driving, tears flowing, devastation in his sobs. He hits the steering wheel, guns the engine, screams to the sky.

"Minnie-ah," a voice says from beside him, a hand sliding over the gear shift and onto his knee. "You're going to hurt your throat doing that." She turns with Changmin to see Yoochun lounging in the passenger seat.

"I think he's got the right idea," Jaejoong says from the backseat. He rolls down the window and yells with the wind, collapsing with laughter against Junsu beside him.

"I think you're both crazy," Junsu huffs, pushing buttons on his phone. "Dammit," he mutters.

"Hit 'reply all' again, did you?" Yoochun tosses over his shoulder. He and Jaejoong start to giggle. Junsu makes a face. Yoochun reaches for the radio and turns up the volume. "Oh-seriously, though, Min. This section here is perfect for your voice."

Music spirals up and out of the sound system, joining Jaejoong's throaty laughter, Yoochun's fingers tapping gently on Changmin's knee, and Junsu's humming. She can see Changmin is in shock, taking it all in.

"You died," he finally manages, almost choking on the words. "You died!" he says again full voiced. Yoochun's fingers fall still, Jaejoong's laughter fades, and Junsu puts down his phone. "My GOD but I've missed you so much," Changmin is babbling now. "I thought I killed you, and Yunho said you would never, and I thought you left us alone." New tears, those of joy are streaming down his face. "But was it a dream? Was I just drea--"

"CHANGMIN!" Jaejoong screams, and anything else is lost under the shriek of metal shredding, the thunder of collision, and the shattering of glass and the peaceful night.

There is no breeze blowing now, and she brushes at her eyes, sunglasses long-forgotten. She is standing on the edge of a once-darkened highway, the night keeping its place behind her. Before her, the air has come alive with flashing lights, urgent whispers, and the shadowplay of smoke and ashes. There is a fuel-fed fire raging in the distance. It is newly winter; the air is chill, and the wind has died.

She can't turn away, and she can't speak a word. There is a wailing from another emergency vehicle finding its way from far off, but she knows this will not matter. Instead, there lay before her three simple black bags, surrounded by nothing and no one. And kneeling somewhere beyond that emptiness is a man.

She comes closer, sees his shoulders are shaking violently. He's holding his head in his hands, curled down on himself, unable to hide from this horror, grief unfurled.

Suddenly the world shifts, the light tilts, and the air is once again warm and filled with smells. She is standing back in the cemetery watching Changmin weep. Watching Yunho descend the stairs; watching the fresh guilt claw its way into Changmin's soul. She watches Changmin rise with a little more fatigue and a little less grace. Watches Yunho coax him away, and then...

"Stop."

The word is so simple, so casual, but it vibrates the very fabric of this place. George feels the word leave her mouth, but knows it was not on her tongue. Changmin turns, eyes widening for a moment before...

"NO."

Time holds still. Yunho steps away from Changmin's frozen regard, crosses the green without a sound, eyes now on her. Sound, smell, motion, even the very air cease to be.

"Let him go." The words are Junsu's, but they resound in George's heart.

"No," Yunho repeats, frowning. "I will not." He waves a hand. "This is my world." The scenes shift, cycling through Changmin's loss, Changmin's mourning, Changmin's sorrow. Forward and back, he takes her through variation after variation, all leading to the same paradox of effect equivocating cause. He motions toward Changmin. "His grief and guilt have built this place. I control them as easily now as I speak."

"I give you this one chance," Junsu says, focusing on Changmin. "Let him go."

"I refuse."

"So be it." And with that Junsu opens his mouth and screams.

George woke screaming. Jaejoong was next to her in the bed, arm around her waist, whispering in her ear a language she couldn't make out, and Yoochun was nearly on top of her, holding her wrists, ducking punches, and trying to calm her down. When she came fully out of the dream and the screaming had died, she lept out of the bed, ran for the bathroom, and vomited.

Yoochun was the first through the door after her. He kept a hand on her back while she heaved, then wrapped the bedspread he'd carried in around her, helped her to the floor. Jaejoong knelt down beside her and took her hand.

"I saw him," she whispered, letting Yoochun rub circles over her back to soothe her shaking. "Changmin."

"Junsu's found him," Yoochun nodded, hope in his eyes.

George shivered at the memory. "He's not alone," she whispered. "A man named Yunho is controlling him. Holding him trapped there."

Jaejoong's head came up sharply. "That's not possible," he told her, voice fierce. "Yunho's the one who found you for us in the first place."