A Femdom Creampie Story

"Now, gently - stick it in me," she whispered in the darkness.

He did his best to control himself as he slowly penetrated his wife/mistress. His breathing was tremulous and rapid.

"Does it feel good, David?"

"Yes, it's so good!"

"Easy - go slow - you don't have permission to cum."

"Yes, ma'am - I'm trying."

"Can you feel how slippery I am inside?"

"Yes... Please, may I cum?"

"No, you must develop more self control, David.  You know that."

"Yes ma'am."

"David, do you know why I'm so slippery there?"

"Yes," he panted.  His struggle to keep from ejaculating aroused her all the more.

"Tell me."

"That's someone else's cum in there."

"Yes, it is. It's more than one ejaculation, David.  He gave it to me good. And I had more than one orgasm."

"Please!"

"No - not yet."

He pumped more slowly. Each thrust threatened to send him into ejaculation.

"David, what are the consequences of ejaculating without permission?"

"Unh!  I get a caning!  And you fuck me with your strap-on!"

"That's right, David. Now, do you know what I'm going to use for lubricating the strap-on the next time I use it on you?"

"Uhhngh!  No..."

"I'm going to use sperm as your lubricant."

"Please let me cum!"

She ignored his plea. "It's not going to be your sperm, either, David. I'm going to have two boyfriends fuck me and fuck me. And they'll ejaculate inside me. I'll use that sperm as your lubricant."

He slowed his thrusting and concentrated on holding back.

"Go deep in me, David. As deep as you can."

She knew he was at the edge of his endurance. "Just think - another guy squirted his cum inside your wife - and now you're fucking that same pussy. Your cock is probing where his was, and-"

"Oh no!" he gasped. It was too late. He squirmed and pumped vigorously as he ejaculated spurt after spurt of pent up lust inside his wife's sloppy pussy.

"There, there," she cooed, and ran her fingers through his hair. "You did good - but not quite good enough."

She waited until a few residual spurts coursed through his cock, which stayed hard in spite of his intense ejaculation.

"Now clean me," she whispered.

He withdrew and got between his wife's legs and close up to her well spermed pussy. In the dim light he saw the glistening wet spots on her smooth legs. He licked those clean. Then he turned his attention to her blonde, matted pussy. He licked up the sperm that was outside her pussy. She reacted with soft moans and twisting hips.

After a few moments she said, "Lie on your back now and I'll straddle your mouth." He welcomed the contact of her well used pussy on his mouth, and over the next ten minutes, extracted the profuse multiple ejaculations from inside her. When his task was complete, she had surrendered to several orgasms, penetrating the bedroom with several loud gasps each time.

They cuddled for a few minutes, and then she said, "Go to the study, bend over the desk, and wait for me."

He shuddered. A caning from his wife was never easy to take, and she always insisted that he maintain his position without being bound.

While her husband waited for his caning in her study, she made two phone calls.

-----
This story is copyright 2011 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
