Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Eighteen: Owning the Naughty Nun
Summary: The maid harem fights Malevolent while a nubile nun watches.
Keyword: Ff mFF mf mc inc oral creampie nun lac super viol

Characters

Main Characters


Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Asuka: Student
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Veronica: Student

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Coach Richards: Teacher
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin
The Weeper
The Woods

Lance Hayward

Bella, Mrs. Miles, and Veronica were at the lead as we rushed toward the front doors of St. Theresa's. The trio had conjured stone shields before them, their short skirts swaying in the black wind that howled around the church.

Evil had broken into the world. I could feel it. Something had crossed over from the Otherworld. A monster. 

An Imprisoned.

Bella hit the front doors of the church with her mother and Veronica on her heels. The doors burst open in a spray of splintered wood. Green and yellow light glowed from their garters as they pressed forward. I raced behind them, tapping into the Golden Power.

A lance of gleaming sunlight appeared in my hand while my aunt and cousins, who were around me, conjured whips of flames. The remaining maidsMrs. Johnson, Kylie, Ms. Docea, Janiqua, Cali, and Angelafollowed us inside.

I leaped through the ruins of the doors into the foyer of the church. Already, my maids rushed into the main worship hall. A woman screamed in terror. Nails scratched at the floor, an ear-splitting sound. I spotted her, a naked woman with a white cloth wrapped around her body being dragged toward a monstrous, shadowy thing.

Something disturbing that had bled through the cracks of reality. Strangely shaped, hard to fully see. It warped the eye with its nauseating angles. A thing that did not belong here. The very ground beneath my feet groaned beneath its monstrous presence.

HEEEEELLLLPPPPP! the woman screamed as the tentacles dragged her closer to a terrifying maw.

Draped over one of the pews was the lower half of another naked woman. A pair of legs and part of her abdomen, wet entrails spilling to the floor. Torn clothes scattered across the floor. My stomach twisted at the sight of the poor woman.

I wasn't in time.

Hayward, the demon growled with... delight. Amusement. It lifted the woman in the air. Delicious. 

The things maw opened. Rage burst in me. I threw my golden lance.

The weapon flashed through the air and slammed into the tentacle that held her. It severed through the shadows. They melted away. The woman gasped as she dropped to the hard, stone floor of the church.

No! Ms. Docea cried.

Mrs. Johnson groaned.

Wind burst beneath the woman, a swirl that kicked up dust, and caught her. She gasped, tumbling on it before the wind threw the woman in an arc. The screaming woman landed in my arms. I staggered beneath the weight of catching her.

Thank God, Mrs. Johnson groaned, her voice sounding strained.

It worked, Ms. Docea added. 

Attack! I roared as I set the poor woman down on the pew. She trembled and curled into a ball. I wasn't sure she realized I was here.

My three Bodyguard-Maids rushed forward with their shields raised. Inky tentacles lashed at them and struck their defenses. Mrs. Miles staggered from one blow but caught herself, the MILF's skirts swirling and breasts heaving. She shouted and pressed forward.

I formed another lance and chased them, my aunt and cousins around me with their flaming whips. A tentacle whipped over the heads of Bella and Veronica. My Maid-Wife screamed in warning. I thrust my lance out before me. The tentacle slammed into it, penetrating down the weapon and striking me in the chest

The breath exploded from my lungs as the blow threw me off my feet. Inky darkness melted around me as my head creaked down on the stone floor. Lights flashed before my eyes, it felt like my brain was sloshing around in my skull. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

Anger raged in me at the sight of my Master-Nephew down on the ground.

BURN IT! I roared, and jumped onto the top of a pew. I leaped to the next to race past where the three Bodyguard-Maids held back more of the tentacles. 

My daughters rushed down the other side of the aisle and leaped like I did, their orange garters glowing, their whips in hand. We used to burn with lust, with unbridled passion. Now we were controlled and leashed by Master Lance's power. 

We blazed for him.

My whip of fire lashed out at the tentacles and struck. My flames wrapped around the appendage, fire burning against darkness. I leaped off the pew, landing with grace on my high heels. My boobs nearly heaved out of my bodice. I didn't care. 

I yanked on the whip, burning through the tentacle.

I was one of Master's maids. Here was a mess to clean up. 

My daughters' fire lashed at other tentacles. As I ripped through mine, reducing it to dissolving shadows, they drove back other attacks from the monster. The Bodyguard-Maids pushed forward as I laughed.

My pussy burned as hot as my whip. A sexual excitement rippled through me as I unleashed my power on this monster. I whipped it with flames. It roared and flinched from fire. The purest form of light. The first tool that mankind used to drive back the night. The terrors.

The horrors that didn't belong here.

My daughters and I lashed at it, whipping it. Punishing it for daring to step into our world. It flailed its tentacles. One stuck Izzy. My daughter screamed as she flew back over the pews. She would have crashed into them and broken bones, if not her neck, but the wind from Ms. Docea and Mrs. Johnson caught her. She flipped over, her skirt blowing up to flash her shaved twat. She landed with grace and charged back into the fray. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

As Aunt Nancy and my cousins rushed forward, I squeaked and darted for my brother. He lay on his back, groaning and coughing. I reached Master Big Brother and dropped to my knees in a flutter of skirts. Fire blazed and crackled. 

I'm fine, Master said as he pushed himself up. Keep fighting that thing. And get her to safety! He pointed to the quivering woman on the pew. 

I grabbed him and helped him stand as I glanced back at Janiqua. The Black maid watched on, her white garter glowing against her dark skin. Get her to safety!

Yes, Senpai! she cried and grabbed the maid, dragging her off the pews and down the aisle toward the exit.

Master rushed to join the Bodyguard-Maids. They advanced, shielding him. I joined him with Ms. Docea and Mrs. Johnson. Izzy was hit, but saved by the wind. I gathered my water and fired it over the heads of everyone, hitting on the great slits the thing had for eyes. 

The thing flinched beneath my torrent of water. It shuddered, tentacles lashing down at us. Fiery whips caught some, burning the darkness. Razor-sharp blasts of winds tore through others, my skirts rustling from their passages. Bella and the other two Bodyguard-Maids shielded Master, blocking hits that should have sent them flying.

A tentacle slithered low, ducking beneath Bella's shield. It wrapped around her ankles and yanked her off her feet. She screamed as she was yanked up into the air. My Master Big Brother cursed as his Maid-Wife dangled upside down. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Hayward

The tentacles around my ankles slithered up my thighs fast. I shuddered at the disgusting touch. My pussy felt so exposed, but the thing ignored my twat and wrapped tentacles around my abdomen and squeezed. Hard

The air exploded from my lungs. I squeezed me, and I felt like a zit about to pop. Pressure rushed up to my upper torso and head. I gripped my stone shield, darkness washing across my vision. I turned my shield into a sword and slashed.

I dropped and landed hard before the creature. It laughed, mouth opening to devour me. Another tentacle slashed down at me, but then my Lance was there, thrusting his golden spear into the creature's mouth. The monster roared in pain as my Husband-Master hurt it.

Joy rushed through me. He came to my defense.

A tentacle slashed down at him. I rose and cut it with my sword. The tentacle hit me as it dissolved, pain exploding in my side. I staggered but held. Jets of water struck the creature in the eyes as it snarled in agony.

Master Lance thrust his spear deeper into it, grunting as he drove it into the beast. Fire lashes seized tentacles trying to rain down on him. Mom and Veronica appeared around us, blocking other attacks. Wind cut more of the disgusting tentacles.

Kill it! I screamed, forming my sword into a shield and standing with my fellow Bodyguard-Maids around our Master. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

Master Hayward ripped his spear out of the thing's mouth and stabbed again. 

The monster recoiled back from the golden spear. It retreated. Master Hayward and his maids advanced. I slashed my hands, sending winds to cut the tentacles. More formed, thrusting out the creature's bulk.

Was it using up its mass to make more attacks? It was so hard to tell as the mass of shadows undulated. They spilled back over the altar, pressed to the back of the church. It roared in pain as Lance's golden spear blazed before it, pure sunlight burying into the darkness.

The tentacles flailed. Nancy and her daughters slashed with their fiery lashes. Rita Johnson and I threw blades of air at the creature's appendages. They burst into night that melted over our heads. Janiqua and Kylie fired blasts of water, aiming for its eyes.

Nancy Heres screamed. 

She fell, struck by a tentacle, her leg twisted at a strange angle. Broken. She snarled through the pain and lashed at the creature again. Her whip hissed out and seized a tentacle, her fire burning through it. The tentacle melted away.

A new one sprouted.

My wind cut through a tentacle.

A new one grew.

There were only... nine of them.

Stop cutting them! I cried as Deborah's lash burned through another only for its replacement to grow from nearly the same spot. Pin them! Hold them! It has a finite number of tentacles. Rita, let's pin it to the ceiling with our wind.

Yes! Rita Johnson said, my fellow Teacher-Maid thrusting her hands forward.

Instead of cutting blades, we fired blasts of winds that struck tentacles and pinned them to the ceiling. Helen Heres and her daughters seized more of the tentacles. Torrents of water pinned two more to the ground. That was seven.

Only two were left, the Bodyguard-Maids blocking with their shields. When one hit Veronica's defense, her shield flowed around the tentacle and became a weight that pinned it to the ground. Mrs. Miles copied her.

The creature roared and thrashed, unable to move. We had all its appendages held in place. Master Hayward thrust his spear into the creature again. It wiggled about as he did, roaring in fury. He marched forward, driving his weapon deeper.

Go for the heart, Master Hayward, Cali calmly said as she strode past me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

With it pinned, it couldn't escape me now. I could feel pulsing in the creature. I shifted my spear, probing into the creature's flesh. It bellowed, shadowy teeth clamping down on my weapon, trying to stop it.

But the Golden Power poured out of me was too strong. The creature fought to escape, but my maids held it pinned. Helpless. The beating grew stronger. I probed with the end of my spear, moving toward the pounding until...

The creature screamed in agony. Its fetid breath washed hot around me as I speared into its heart.

Yes! Cali screamed. She moved up beside me, her golden garter glowing as bright as my spear. By the Ancient Oath, I bind thee, Malevolence! With the salt that plants vitality in the earth! The rhythm of life that spreads the heat of passion! The breath of soul that speaks truths! And the saliva that spills like rain upon the world. I bind thee, Malevolence!

Golden light exploded from her garter, exposing a chain attached to it that melted off into nothing. A moment later, the spear erupted into my hand, the glow devouring the form of the thing. Malevolence screamed in agony as the power swallowed it.

I BIND THEE, MALEVOLENCE! Cali howled. 

Shadows burst around Cali that swirled and formed into a flash of wings extending from her back. They spread wide as her purple eyes glowed, her face falling into shadows. The golden light that had seized Malevolence contracted into a myriad chains that crushed its bulk. The creature screamed, its tentacles flailing. Pinned by my women, they ripped free of the bulk being compressed smaller and smaller by my power 

The light flashed. It was so bright, but it didn't blind me. 

When it faded, a painting hovered in the air before me. In it, a formless thing of black shadows lurked beneath the pews of unsuspecting worshipers. Tentacles that reached to feed on them while a mouth yawned open at the back of the church.

I grabbed it and felt Malevolence's fury at being imprisoned in the painting. The frame shook with its rage. I gripped it, panting. My entire body shook, sweet sticking my t-shirt to my back and chest. More dripped from my brow.

You passed, Cali said. 


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

The nun whimpered as Lynette Docea helped the naked woman into the back of the limo. I wasn't sure why the teacher wanted to take the nun back with us. I just groaned from the throbbing pain in my broken leg. I wasn't the only one hurt. Izzy groaned, hurt by the blow she took, and Bella rubbed at the back of her head.

Angela rushed up to me, her bodice unlaced to spill out her round breasts. My niece said, Let me help you, Auntie Nancy.

You have all your mother's memories, huh? I asked her as there was something in her tone that was so familiar.

I know it's not the first time you've broken this leg. She grinned at me. You were climbing a tree with Mommy. You tried to show off but you fell. Mommy felt bad she let you. She was your big sis and should have protected you.

Huh, I groaned as she put her arm around me and helped me limp to the limo. I never knew she felt bad.

So bad, said Angela. 

Once she helped me into the limo and onto one of the benches, she pulled me down to her breast. I latched onto my cute niece's nipple and suckled. Instantly, refreshing and delicious breast milk flowed into my mouth.

I groaned and suckled down more. The pain in my leg vanished. As I swallowed down mouthful after mouthful, I felt the bones shifting around. It didn't hurt one bit, but it did feel damned strange to have all that movement in my leg. 

Even when the sickening crack came as the broken halves of my bones came together, it didn't hurt at all. I just kept enjoying my niece's breast milk. She had such sweet and creamy delight. I gulped it down.

Izzy latched onto the other nipple, suckling with me. 

Mmm, cooed Angela as she held us both to her breasts.

So it is like Mom, Master said. Magical healing breast milk.

Yep, Angela said. Oh, you're hurt, too, Master. I saw you get knocked down.

Heal the others, he said. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sister Martha Ruth

I trembled, Sister Shannon Esther's screams echoing through my mind. A woman hugged me. She held me tight as I clutched to her. She stroked my back and soothed me with her whispers. Tears spilled down my cheeks.

Lord, that thing... I whimpered. I don't understand. Our faith should have driven back the darkness. It doesn't make sense.

You just need to have a complete understanding, the woman said. She smiled down at me, red hair spilling around her face, her green eyes bright. That's all. You didn't know what you were up against.

I shifted as I realized she was dressed in a maid's uniform, but not a practical one. Like something wanton girls would wear on Halloween. Her bosom almost spilled out of her bodice. Her skirt was short, a garter around her thigh, white stockings on her legs. 

I shifted, realizing I was naked. We were in a vehicle. A limo. There were other women dressed like her chatting around us. One had her boobs out. A young woman. A man suckled from her nipple. What was going on here?

W-who are you? I whimpered.

Lynette Docea, she said. A maid to Master Hayward.

Where are we going?

Home. She smiled at me and stroked my back. Just relax. You're safe from the darkness.

I closed my eyes and just... relaxed. The World had broken tonight. Evil had crept into it and killed poor Sister Shannon Esther. My mind kept replaying images of that thing. It was foul. My eyes flicked to a... painting.

It was there. That malevolent monster. Trapped in a painting.

Imprisoned.

The limo drove down a gravel driveway. I swallowed. It was so dark outside. I caught glimpse of a large manor. Master Hayward... Was this Hayward Manor? I had driven past it many times. It was full of local superstitions. Why had these maids come here? I had vague memories of them... fighting.

They had defeated that creature. How? What was going on?

You have many questions, and we don't have all the answers, but we can find them, said Lynette.
 
I nodded. 

The limo parked in a garage and the maids all began piling out. The maids and a young man in jeans and a t-shirt. He didn't at all fit in with these elegant, if slutty, women in their uniforms. Lynette helped me out. I leaned against her, wearing only my wimple and my shoes. 

We were in a garage with other vehicles. Some black SUVs and a few normal cars. The garage door was open, leading onto the lawn with a path to the manor that the maids walked down. They moved with casual ease. The young man, Master Hayward, held the painting of that disgusting beast. We entered the manor through what appeared to be a backdoor into a dark ballroom.

I shuddered as I felt evil in this place. It pushed down at us. The maids looked around. They moved around the young man. One of them almost pranced at his side. She was young, fourteen or so, and had pigtails. Another maid strode at his other side, close to him. Intimate. 

Lynette held me as we moved through the ballroom and down a hallway with this terrible art on the wall. I felt the evil in them glaring at me. Hating me. I whimpered. I didn't want to be here. More things like that malevolent monster lurked in the paintings, the busts, and the statues.

How could the maids stand it? They were tense but walked on with confidence down the hallway. We reached a room with a grand staircase heading up two flights to the third floor. Another hallway. More art was interspersed with doors. More disgusting sights I didn't want to look at.

I closed my eyes, but all I could see was Sister Shannon Esther being lifted by the tentacle and ripped in half. Over and over again. I shuddered, opening my eyes. The paintings were far, far better to look at.

We came to a door. A maid with purple eyes opened it and turned, watching us with an alien smile on her lips. She nodded to each maid then to me as we stepped through into... safety. I could feel it the moment I crossed the door. The evil vanished. A warmth washed over me. It was like... home.

Lynette hadn't been lying about that.

The small antechamber opened onto a very modern living room. A large one with an attached kitchen. The maids were all chatting. They were greeted by more of them. Hugs and kisses were shared. I didn't even care about the lesbian display. Other maids swarmed the young man.

Lynette helped me to the nearest couch. I sank down on it. I stared at the maids all bustling about, laughing and talking animatedly. The ones who had been at the church were telling the ones who'd stayed behind about what had happened. They all wore different colored garters. No, some wore the same, but there was red, orange, yellow, blue, gray, white, green, pink, silver, bronze, and even gold on the purple-eyed maid who just leaned in the shadowy corner.

I glanced at Lynette. It was safe here, warm, but... How can I ever forget? I clutched at my head. Those images are in my mind.

You can't. Lynette smiled at me. But you can fight.

Fight? Fight that thing? It killed her. Ripped her... I shuddered as the memory of her scream cutting off with the sickening crunch.

I'll be right back, said Lynette. She rose

I huddled here, naked. I hugged my thighs to my breasts, my heart pounding. I could never escape the feel of it on me. How it touched me. Used me. It had fucked me, driven me wild with lust, and made me orgasm all for its amusement.

All to make the terror of what came next resonate in me.

Lynette appeared before me. She knelt, holding a cedar box in hand. The scent of aromatic wood filled my nose. I breathed in the soothing scent. She opened the box to reveal a collection of gray garters.

The fear vanished.

A quiver of excitement shot through me. My legs unfolded from my breasts. I thrust my left leg out at her. I knew what this meant. I trembled, wanting to be owned by Master Hayward like all the others. I wanted to be one of his maids.

I wanted to fight the Darkness.

I shuddered as Lynette slid the garter up my leg. My toes curled at the warmth of its magic flooding up my leg. I sucked in a deep breath, a big smile spreading on my lips. This was perfect. Just what I needed. 

The garter slid into place. I gasped as the magic washed over me. Yes! I gasped. I serve Master Hayward.

Yes, you do, purred Lynette. You're one of his Scholar-Maids. His Wise-Maids. I sensed it. You have a degree.

In theology, I said as she slid her hands up my thighs, pushing my legs apart. She stared at my blonde bush. I didn't have a problem with this. If she wanted to eat me out, she was more than welcome to devour my cunt. It just felt... right.

She pressed her face into my bush. She nuzzled through my curls to find my vulva. I groaned as she thrust her tongue into my pussy. She wiggled it around in me. I groaned as she did that. The heat swept through me. I smiled. I was a maid now.

Master Hayward approached. He was naked now. A young man, strong and powerful. His blue eyes raked over me. I could feel the connection between us. My eyes fell on his cock. A surge of lust ran over me. I licked my lips, eager to swallow his cock.

May I, Master Hayward? I asked as Lynette wiggled her tongue around in my snatch.

You may, but first, he said, grinning, who are you?

I'm Sister Martha Ruth, I said. I'm your maid.

A nun? he asked, his cock throbbing. That's what's up with the white cloth.

My wimple.

Mmm, my very own Nun-Maid, he said, grabbing the sides of my wimple-wrapped head and pulling me to his hard dick. That's just perfect. You have made another excellent choice, Ms. Docea. Sister Martha Ruth is just perfect.

 Thank you, Master Hayward, Lynette moaned into my pussy as I opened my mouth wide.

I swallowed Master Hayward's dick. He groaned as my lips slid over his cock. I sealed around him and nursed hard. My cheeks hollowed as I loved his dick. He had such a perfect cock. It was so much fun to suckle on. 

I loved feeling of his shaft in my mouth. It was such a perfect fit. My tongue danced over his cock. I groaned at how wonderful that was to fill. It was just a delight to have him in my mouth. The salty flavor spilled over my tongue.

His precum.

This was so much better than pleasuring that monster. This was my Master.

I loved him. I could feel that now. He was my new God. I worshiped his dick with all my might, sliding my lips up and down his shaft. He groaned as I pleasured him. I loved every second of sucking on his dick. He had such a magnificent one.

It was just perfect to love. I suckled on him with everything that I had. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. My tongue danced around his dick. He groaned as I did that. I moaned as Lynette worked her tongue around in my cunt.

She drove me wild with her hot tongue.

She stroked all these naughty places in me. This wonderful pleasure rushed through me. It spurred me to suckle even harder on our Master's dick. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his dick. He groaned as I suckled on him.

Shit, he groaned, his chest rising and falling. Sister Martha Ruth, that's just perfect. Yes, yes, work that mouth up and down my cock. 

I was so glad to do just that. I nursed on him with all my might. This was just a perfect moment to enjoy. I danced my tongue around that delicious cock. It was fun to do that. I nursed on him, savoring that cock in my mouth.

Lynette licked her tongue up my folds to my clit. She brushed my bud. She sent such naughty delights rushing through me. I loved the feeling of her tongue stroking over my pearl. I whimpered around Master Hayward's cock.

Damn, he groaned. You are doing an amazing job, Sister Martha Ruth!

Yes, yes, make Master Hayward cum! purred the naughty Lynette into my pussy.

I moaned around his cock. I wanted to make him cum more than anything in my life. I loved this man. He had saved me, and now I was his Nun-Maid. I would serve him until the end of my days and help him fight evil.

I whimpered as my orgasm built and built. Lynette's tongue knew how to lick me. She was just so skilled at this. Just so amazing at eating my cunt. She lapped at me in all the right places. I whimpered, loving this so much.

I bobbed my head, slobbering on Master Hayward's cock. I watched his face twist with delight. His dick throbbed in my mouth. More of his precum soaked my taste buds in salty delight. I hungered for his seed. I ached to swallow everything he had.

Shit, he groaned. Oh, shit, Sister Martha Ruth. That's it. That's so good.

I whimpered around him, staring up at him with such passion in my eyes.

Yes, yes, you're going to make me explode. He trembled, his face contorting. Keep sucking.

Lynette latched onto my bud and nursed. My clit burst with sparks. They sizzled through my pussy. I groaned around his cock and suckled. My cheeks hollowed, drool running down my cheek. My round boobs jiggled as I suckled hard at him, about to burst.

The naughty Lynette nibbled on my clit with her soft lips. I squealed around Master Hayward's cock and climaxed. My pussy convulsed, juices gushing out to bathe Lynette's hungry mouth. Pleasure rushed through me.

I bucked, my heart pounding in my chest. Waves of delight rushed through me. I suckled hard on Master Hayward's mighty cock.

Fuck, Sister Martha Ruth! he growled. Shit, that's great. Yes!

He erupted.

His salty sprayed into my mouth and swirled about. I groaned at the wonderful flavor of his spunk. All that jizz swirled through me. It was an absolute thrill to enjoy. I shuddered through all this passion. I loved every second of this ecstasy. 

It rushed through me. All this pleasure from my pussy. Lynette licked at my cunt as I gulped down more and more of his thick and creamy cum. I loved every drop of his passion. I gulped it down while he groaned through his rapture.

Fuck, yes! he gasped as he erupted a final blast of cum.

I quivered, savoring that delight as the pleasure still rushed through me. It was a magnificent moment. I felt so good. Just so fantastic right now. I just quivered here as I nursed on his cock, wanting to have more of his cum.

He slid his dick out of my mouth. I panted and licked my lips. He grinned at me as I shuddered through the last of my orgasm. Lynette lifted her head from between my thighs. She grinned at me and crawled backward before lying prone and spreading her legs. Her short skirt and lacy petticoats parted to reveal her shaved pussy. 

Eat me out, moaned Lynette. Eat me out while Master Hayward fucks your pussy.

Yes! I squealed in delight. I wanted to do both of those things. Lynette was my fellow maid. My superior, in fact. She had delivered such pleasure to me. I had to return the favor. I had to make her feel just as good as me. I'll do it! And, Master Hayward, will you please, please fuck my pussy with your hard cock.

Of course, he said, grinning. Like I would pass up a chance to fuck a nun. Plus, I own you.

You do, Master, I cooed, loving that. It was so hot being owned.

I crawled between her thighs, my pussy dripping with excitement. I was so ready to do this. So ready to eat out her cunt. I moved toward her, my mouth salivating. The tart aroma of her musk filled my nose. What a delicious scent.

I buried my face into her cunt. I rubbed right into her snatch and licked at her. She gasped as I did that, her petticoats rustling. My tongue swept up her slit again, brushing over her clit. I loved the taste of her. The feel of her bare vulva on my lips and cheeks.

I rubbed my face onto her, breathing in her musk. My cunt burned so hot. I just wanted to lick and lap at her forever. This was all so hot. I smeared her tart cream across my cheeks and lips before I went back to feasting on her.

Oh, Master Hayward, Lynette moaned. Ooh, she's just licking me.

I can see that, said Master Hayward. Damn, I love it when you maids eat each other out.

That sent a hot thrill threw me. Just by eating this succulent pussy, I was making him happy. My cunt clenched, juices running down my thighs. This felt so naughty. And it grew even naughtier when his dick nuzzled into my pussy.

He thrust into me.

I gasped as his thick shaft filled my pussy. It felt so right to have Master Hayward's lance thrusting into my snatch. I squeezed my cunt down on his mighty rod, pleasure rippling through my body. I moaned into Lynette's cunt.

Sister Martha Ruth, groaned Master Hayward, his hands sliding over my naked sides. Damn, you're tight.

Probably doesn't get laid much, purred Lynette.

Not since I took my vows, I groaned. But now I'm your maid. Those are my new vows. To serve you, obey you, please you, and love you, Master Hayward. And since this pleases you... I licked up Lynette's pussy, gathering up her tart cream. Then I'll eat so many maids' pussies.

That's what I want to hear, he growled as he drew back his cock. His delicious dick slammed back into me. Fuck!

I moaned at how incredible it was to have his thick shaft pistoning in and out of me. He worked his shaft to the hilt in me and pulled back. I moaned, clamping down hard on him and drinking in the silky friction. Every thrust was amazing.

I tongued Lynette's pussy as he fucked away at me. He buried his cock to the hilt in my snatch over and over again. I reveled in that hot dick fucking me. I licked up her tart pussy cream, whimpering into her snatch.

She moaned, her body trembling. Her maid's uniform rustled around her as she quivered on the ground. I loved how great she tasted. My tongue flicked through her slit. She gasped, her back arching. I savored those sounds she made.

Master! I whimpered as he churned up my pussy with his thick shaft. He buried his cock deep into me. Oh, Master Hayward, I love being fucked by you!

That's what I want to hear! he growled and slammed his cock deep and hard into my snatch. 

He fucked me with force. He plowed into me again and again. I shuddered at what he did to me. It was such an incredible rush to have him doing that. I quivered, squeezing my pussy down on him as I tongued Lynette's twat.

I licked at her tart folds. I wanted to just drink all her pussy juices. I ached for that more than anything. I wanted to drink her passion. I licked and lapped at her with everything that I had. She shuddered as I did that.

Oh, Sister Martha Ruth, whimpered Lynette. She sat up on her elbows, her large boobs jiggling in her low-cut top. That's so delicious. Don't stop! Ooh, yes, yes, you're such a wonderful maid. Eat me out! I want to drown you!

Drown me! I groaned, remembering how great it felt to gush my juices and soak her face.

I shuddered here, my face loving this wonderful pleasure. I wiggled my hips, squeezing my snatch around that big dick fucking me. It was a thrill to enjoy every stroke of that cock. I loved how he pounded me. How he fucked me so hard. 

He rammed into me with all his might. My butt-cheeks jiggled. My round boobs swayed beneath me from the force of his thrusts. My cunt clamped down on him, gripping him. Massaging him. The pleasure built and built in me. I shuddered, rising toward that big bursting point.

Fuck, he grunted.

Oh, cum in her, Master! Lynnette whimpered.

He buried into me. Feeling his cock ram into me sent me over the edge. Another amazing orgasm burst in me. I shuddered, my cunt writhing around his cock. I gasped as my flesh suckled at him. The wonderful heat swept through me. 

My hot twat spasmed around his dick. I shuddered, suckling at him with all my might. This was such a wonderful sensation. My cunt worshiped at him now. He groaned as he buried hard into me, savoring my writhing flesh.

I suckled on her clit. I nursed on Lynette's bud hard as the pleasure rushed through me.

Sister Martha Ruth! she gasped and bucked.

Her cunt cream gushed out of her twat and bathed my lips. I licked up her tart cream as Master fucked my writhing cunt. I whimpered, so thrilled to enjoy all these delights. He buried his cock into my cunt.

Fuck! he gasped and erupted.

All his wonderful cum flooded my pussy. It was so fantastic to have his seed pumping over and over into my snatch. My cunt writhed around his cock, suckling at him. I whimpered as I drank Lynette's pussy cream.

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered, enjoying every second of this delight. Every last moment of this pleasure. It was fantastic.

I savored it. I enjoyed every second of this pleasure rushing through my body. Stars danced across my vision as that hot cunt rippled around his dick. I worked out every drop of cum he had. He groaned as he pumped the last of his cum into my snatch. It was just an amazing moment.

I felt so happy. I was so glad that I had been chosen to be one of his maids. This was an incredible moment. Just an outstanding one. I was so happy to be owned by this amazing man. Just so thrilled to have his cock filling me up. 

I knew my life would be perfect. Just wondrous. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I sank onto the couch as Sister Martha Ruth was grabbed by Janiqua. The Black maid buried her face into that naughty twat to lick up my cum. I smiled at the sight as I glanced over at Mom. She was watching, her stomach very swollen. I had bred her when I got home, and now...

Now she was close to giving birth again.

Master Daddy, Angela said as she straddled me. My Daughter-Maid smiled as she grabbed my cock and pressed it up against her trimmed bush. Her blue eyes peered into mine. She looked so much like Kylie just with bigger boobs. Are you fully recovered?

Fully, I said as my daughter slid her pussy down my cock. 

I shuddered at the incestuous grip of her tight cunt. She was fully matured to fourteen thanks to the magic of our family and this place. I could feel the pulse of it in her. The Golden Power created her and chained her to me.

Good, Daddy, she said and unlaced her bodice. Her round breasts spilled out. But... You should nurse just to make sure.

Okay, I said and ducked my head down. 

I latched onto her nipple and suckled. Her wonderful milk gushed into my mouth. So sweet and creamy. I groaned as I nursed from her. She squeezed and relaxed her pussy around my cock as I drank that milk.

The love she held for me swept through me. I was fully healed, but it still invigorated me. My dick throbbed in her pussy. She squeezed her cunt around me and relaxed it while I suckled down more of her wonderful milk.

Daddy, she cooed.

I gulped down more and more of her milk. I loved every moment of this. I suckled it all down, savoring it. My dick throbbed in her cunt. My hands gripped her ass. I wanted her to ride me, but she was just holding my head to her breast.

It was also not the most comfortable position. I had to really bend over to suckle from her. She did have such yummy milk, of course. I loved the taste of her dairy delight. I swallowed down my Daughter-Maid's treat, her fourteen-year-old cunt squeezing around my dick.

I loved this, but...

I ripped my mouth off her. I feel amazing, but I need you to ride my cock. Your pussy is what will really make me feel amazing.

Yes, Master Daddy! she cooed.

I loved how she slid her cunt up my dick and slammed it back down. That was an incredible rush to have her pussy working up and down my cock. She gasped and moaned, her cutie titties bouncing before me.

Yes, yes, yes, she whimpered.

I know, I groaned, savoring that hot twat gripping my dick.

Mmm, Master Daddy, I love you so much!

I grinned at her. I love you, too.

She kissed me.

I loved the soft feel of her lips on mine. She kissed me, tasting the sweet flavor of her milk lingering on my mouth. She moaned as she slammed her cunt down my dick. She gripped me with that hot cunt. She rode me with that sweet snatch.

She felt amazing around me. Just fantastic. She squeezed her snatch, working her hips from side to side. She moaned as she made out with me, her lips so delicious. I savored her cunt massaging my cock. The ache in my balls grew.

I broke the kiss, moaning, Angela!

Yes, yes, yes, Master Daddy, she cooed, her pussy slamming down my cock.

I moaned, enjoying this delight. Sister Martha Ruth gasped as she had her cunt eaten out. Aunt Nancy spanked Alisha's rump. The Arabic maid moaned in delight each time my aunt's hand spanked down on that cute ass. Bella and her mother made out while they were devoured by Veronica and Ashley. Kylie and Tabitha sixty-nined. Mrs. Johnson ate out Mrs. White's pussy.

It was all so beautiful

A harem of maids all loving each other.

I groaned, savoring that hot pussy working up and down my dick. That delicious cunt gripped me. I loved the incestuous grip of her twat. Angela was so sweet. My Daughter-Maid had an outstanding snatch. Just a perfect twat.

Mom watched on, rubbing at her belly.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring Angela's hot cunt working up and down my dick. She gripped me with that hot twat. Damn, that's good. Just keep riding me like that. Fuck!

Yes, Master Daddy! cooed my Daughter-Maid, her eyes twinkling with delight. Oh, your cock is just amazing, Daddy! I love it oh, so much!

Good, I groaned, savoring that hot cunt working up and down my dick. She brought me closer and closer to erupting. Damn, you are just a delicious one, Angela.

She beamed at me as she massaged my dick with her hot pussy. Her delicious snatch worked up and down me faster and faster. She rode me with such skill, whimpering her delight. Her round boobs bounced and jiggled.

The pressure in my balls swelled toward that bursting point. I was so close as she massaged me with her incestuous cunt. The ache at the tip of my cock hurtled toward erupting. I couldn't wait for that delicious moment. I wanted to spurt all my cum into her snatch.

Angela's pussy plunged down my cock. She gasped and threw back her head. Her pussy went wild around my dick. Master-Daddy!

Yes! I groaned as her hot cunt rippled around my dick. I squeezed my daughter's cute rump. Fuck!

I erupted into my Daughter-Maid's cunt. Angela's hot pussy rippled around me. She shuddered, this huge smile on her lips as she massaged my cock. She quivered there, her head swaying from side to side as she suckled at me.

My sister-daughter quivered in delight as she suckled at my erupting dick. Her hot pussy milked me. I groaned, glancing over at Mom. She was watching, her hands clutching her very pregnant belly. She was about to give birth to our second daughter.

Goddamn, I groaned, the pleasure rushing through me as I dumped the last of my cum into Angela's pussy. 

Oh, Daddy, she said, smiling at me. That was just incredible. I love you!

Love you, too, I said as Mom groaned. She clutched her belly. I think you need to go help Mom. Your new sister is about to be born.

Ooh, yes! squealed my daughter. 

She slid off me as her, Aunt Nancy, Mrs. Miles, and Mrs. Johnson all swept my mother off to her room. I groaned here, glad to have a new daughter being born. I glanced at the painting. It was facing the wall. Tomorrow, I would find a home for it in the manor. Tonight, it would be kept under watch.

I needed more maids. That thing was disgusting. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

I dozed after giving birth to Virginia, my newest daughter. She had already grown to fourteen. All thanks to the magic of Hayward Manor. She was mature, had all my knowledge, and had a big set of breasts. The biggest of all my daughters.

I need you... purred a beautiful voice. I need you...

I came fully awake. 

To be continued...
