
Night Desires 3

--------------------------------------------
Patrick and the female vampires make a discovery.
MF-FF.
--------------------------------------------
By William DuPain


Patrick woke the next day with a slight throbbing headache they
had stayed late after their discussion. Then had left the Embassy
and headed for the club Razz-Ma-Tazz for more dancing and drinks
and had stayed late overdoing it a bit before heading home.
Patrick was no party animal and staying out that late was highly
uncommon and out of character for him and his personal chemistry
just wasn't geared to it.


Patrick had went out to old barn he had converted to a club house
of sorts and retrieved the AK and clips, his combat blade, as
well as the 40 caliber Smiths from the steel storage bin they
were locked in. It was a comfortable get away ... the barn; it
had a bath and bed, an entertainment center as well as a kitchen.


When he had remodeled he had ran the concrete driveway past the
new remote doors and into the living room so he could drive in
without needing to walk through the elements. The upper story was
pretty much open except for the sleeping rooms he had constructed
along the one side of the old structure and he loved the roomy
feeling of the place.


As the girls slept in the two rooms he had made light proof at
the end of the hallway Patrick fixed one of the pistols to the
bottom of the kitchen table. Then moving to the living room he
fixed one to the bottom of the heavy oak end table by the couch,
he had left a full spare clip with each pistol just in case.


It felt unusually quite with the two female vampires sleeping, he
rather missed their constant probing of ... and presence in his
mind. He left spare clips for the AK in the same locations with
the pistols as well as in the bath.


Next he installed counters on the doors and windows that could be
read with a device similar to what the water company now used to
read water meters as they drove by your house. Push a button and
it would lock the count in memory, hit the green compare button
at your return and it would display the remembered value right
next to the current count, it was a little gizmo that Jake had
worked up for use in his own home.


The little device also monitored a minute current running through
a thin wire attached to the windows. It looked a little like the
wiring of an automobiles rear window defrosters just in case some
wise ass decided to cut the glass instead of forcing the window.
It gave a read out in red with the counter number next to it.


Jake and he had met while both had served in the Marines and
became friends; Patrick had been trained to maintain the corps
equipment and Jake was an MP. They had both been shipped to
separate locations after a while and temporarily lost touch with
each other.


Jake had become a state trooper after his hitch in the corps was
finished and had met and wed the beautiful Cindy McIntyre. One
night he was called to the scene of an accident not too far from
his home and after investigating, filling out the citations, and
hanging around while the area was cleaned up he stopped by home.
He had found Cindy in the arms of another man and lost control
beating the guy near death.


Cindy filed for divorce after that and cleaned him out
financially, he lost his job with the state and by the time
Patrick caught up with him he was stuffed halfway down the tight
neck of a hard booze bottle. They spent some time together in
those days and Patrick encouraged him to attend some classes so
he could apply for his private Investigators license and loaned
him the money to open shop when he successfully finished the
test.


They had stayed in touch after that checking on each other from
time to time just to keep each other honest. He placed the AK in
his bedroom after lubing and checking it over with a fully loaded
50 round clip securely in place. He kept himself busy for the
rest of the day until the ladies of the night emerged from sleep.


They gathered round the oak table in the kitchen to talk.


"Won't you ladies need to feed tonight," Patrick asked them?


"Yes, and we will in a little while," Lila told him with a smile.


"When I contacted Lila she brought a supply with her that Victor
had sent along Patrick, it's in her car in a portable cooler.
Victor ships it to Lila's place as we need it, to help keep the
awareness of our presence below radar" Laura told him.


"Speaking of your boss one of you should contact him and let him
know what we're planning. Just out of curiosity where are his
headquarters," Patrick asked the girls?


"Victor has facilities in a town called Shawnee Oklahoma, east
and a little south of Oklahoma City," Lila told him.


"That's a stroke of luck, Jakes ranch is in Stillwater although
he maintains his business office in Tulsa," Patrick replied.


"It won't do any good to try and contact him today Pat he wont
even be in until late tonight. In the mean time is there any
night time fun around this area," Lila asked with a twinkle in
those flaming ebony eyes?


Patrick smiled. "Not much, theirs a casino on 35 back north a
little and something like a private gentleman's club of sorts
outside of Osceola called the Seven Feathers Saddle Company. I
think tonight is amateur dance night and ladies get in free,
anyone that wants to try pole dancing is welcome to get on stage
and give it a shot," he told her.


"Seven Feathers, what kind of name is that," Laura asked?


"The seven feathers represent the seven clans of the Cherokee
Nation," he explained.


"Its proprietor is a native American called Light Wing but
everyone calls him Pete, not a handsome fellow, but one hell of
trustworthy friend. Story goes he wondered off the Reservation
back east long ago in his youth and traveled to Las Vegas. He was
deeply inspired by all the games of chance he found there and won
a hell of pile of money at the old Stardust Casino. Later he
opened Seven Feathers and it became something of a local Icon,"
he explained.


"Oh we must go and see it, besides I love to dance," she said
with a wicked little smile!


Lila got up from her seat and ran around to Patrick's chair
flopping her cute little bottom in his lap. She wiggled, then
giggled, then spoke with a purr, "Will you take me out to dance
lover," as her tongue snaked out from between perfect lips to
barely touch the rim of his outer ear.


Laura still seated across the table from the pair just smiled at
her friend's girlish antics.


"This is blackmail you know," he commented with a shiver!


"SO ... are taking me or not," she pouted?


"How could I ever resist such a charming proposal," he said
smiling.


"Well that was easy enough," Laura stated, "Now I'm going to
Lila's car and unload are bags so we can dress and get ready," as
she got up and headed for the door. They had doubled back that
night and picked up Lila's car before leaving Des Moines, which,
as it turned out, was loaded with all kinds of their stuff.


The girls having spent an inordinate amount of time in the head
finally presented themselves in the living room for Patrick's
approval.


Pat took one look and went hard; Lila wore a red oriental style
dress with a slit up the front and white brocade around the short
collar and down the arms. Up one entire leg was a blue dragon its
head turned and facing her pelvis. Her eye makeup was dark and
her lips blood red when she moved in the gown you could almost
see her panties.


Laura had dressed in a multi colored, short one-piece dress, that
was brilliant to burnt orange mostly, with patches of earth tones
and white between. The hair was back again with ringlets framing
her beautiful face; her accessories were white, the belt, high
heels, and the pearls.


"Jesus ladies, you both look like serious trouble, and either of
you could tempt a priest to masturbation," he said with a wide
grin.


Patrick had on a dark gray pinstriped suit, black silk shirt and
white tie, being left handed he had placed the pan caked 357 snub
over his right hip in an inside holster that clipped to his belt
it sat with the grip pointed at Patrick's left hand. Around his
left ankle was a band and case that held his titanium war blade,
clipped to his inside hideaway jacket pocket were three very
special pearl headed 3 inch push pins, treated with a chemical to
induce sleep, these a gift from his old friend Jake.


" ~ You look handsome enough to ravish right here and now my
love, ~" he heard Lila comment!


" ~ I want some of it before you go off to sleep Patrick, ~"
Laura teased.


"Thank you ladies, its wonderful to be appreciated," he offered
with a smile.


After stepping out to head for the car Patrick turned to face the
house with the little electronic box Jake had rigged for him and
took a count from his security monitors then turned and headed
for the car.


The car was filled with the warring scent of the two women's
perfume, not an altogether unpleasant experience. Lila's leg
pressed firmly against his own split Patrick's focus between the
road and the creamy smooth curves of the beautiful gypsy vamp
next to him.


" ~ Am I frustrating you my love, ~" he heard her giggle?


" ~ Shall I retire to the back seat my handsome master, ~" she
teased?


"No Lila, it isn't your fault you have sexy legs," he said with a
grin.


"Aw, you're so sweet," she mewled as she laid her head at his
shoulder.


Patrick turned off the highway and slowly traversed the gravel
road that wound its way through the rolling southern Iowa
hillside. The car rolled down a steep incline at the bottom of
which was a flat meadow area; in the center was a very large
building, beside it a large pond, this was Seven Feathers.


The expansive lawn was immaculate and the huge parking area at
the right end of the building was full. It took a while but
Patrick found an empty spot and parked the sedan, they could hear
the music as the piled out of the car and it sounded as if the
party was in full swing.


As they approached the double doors the girls noticed the deeply
carved wolf's heads on the bottom panels superimposed with a
stylish dream catcher. When they passed through the doors of the
establishment it was full and hopping, the music was loud and the
dance floor was jam-packed.


They found a booth and waited to place their order it was Lila
that spoke first, "Theirs one of our kind here somewhere Patrick,
but with all the sounds and scents I can't pinpoint exactly
where," she informed him.


" ~ I can sense it too only faintly, ~ "they heard Laura confirm.


They finally caught the eye of a passing bar maid and placed
their orders, And then Laura asked Patrick if he'd care to dance
with her. He started to object but thought better of it, it was a
slow country piece they were playing and Patrick figured he could
bluff his way through it.


So he worked his way out to the floor with Laura close behind him
and she moved in very close as he took her hand in his own. They
began and she looked up at him and smiled, "You do this like an
old pro Patrick," she encouraged.


"I haven't danced since high school," he confessed as his hand
moved lower on her back.


Laura moved in closer pressing the full length of her body next
to his own and whispered, "You have acquired talents you're not
even aware of yet Lover," she said as her lips brushed his cheek.


She kissed him lightly on the mouth and Patrick could feel her
passion enveloping them both as his own heart began to quicken
with the nearness of her beauty. It was so very easy for her to
take control of his mental focus and wrap it around herself.


"You're beautiful tonight Laura," he whispered as the song ended.


"Thank you Patrick I'm pleased you think so," she replied as the
song ended!


"Ladies and Gentlemen welcome to Seven Feathers ladies night
dancing tryouts!"


The spot light came on and there on stage was a young lean man
complete with a cowboy hat that sported a cocky little gray
feather hanging down off the back of the rim. He wore a denim
shirt and faded blue jeans that went all the way down to a sharp
pair of brown and white boots with silver buckling at the side.


"Now ladies at the front of the stage are to of our female
employees each with a big roll of paper tickets each roll skips
one digit, that is, one roll will hold tickets 1 ... 3 ... and 5,
the other roll begins with the numbers 2 ... 4 ... and 6. If
you'd care to come on up and show the crowd what you can do then
please step right up and get your ticket they don't cost you
anything.


The lines formed in front of the two women quickly and the
tickets were being handed out to the prospective participants.
The crowd was beginning to get jovial and the noise level
immediately escalated.


"In about ten minutes, we will begin with the lowest ticket
holder we can find to start the night off. There are no rules for
dress, if you want to dance in the nude that's fine with us, we
will accommodate your musical preferences if we can. In the event
that we run out of time before everyone with a ticket gets to
perform save it and bring it with you to the next ladies night;
you will have your choice of a free drink or the chance to be
among the very first stage performers next time.


The crowd went nuts whooping hollering and just generally getting
crazy when the spotlight went out and the young man left the
stage. Immediately "Ghost Riders in the Sky," began to thunder
through the building from the speakers hanging above them.


Patrick saw Lila in line and she was close enough to get an early
ticket, which meant she would more than likely be dancing to
night.


They all met back at the booth.


"What are you doing Lila," Laura asked her friend?


"I'm going to have some fun," she replied with a mischievous
twinkle in her eyes!


"So what number did you get," Laura asked?


"Number six my dear jealous sister, if you hadn't been so busy
trying to steal my date you could've gotten one too," she replied
curtly!


"Your date ... stealing," here they looked at each other and both
broke out laughing.


Patrick didn't understand it ... it just didn't seem all that
funny to him, which meant that somehow he'd missed the entire
point of it.


They sat through the first couple of dancers and one was so-so
the other one really got a crank on it, enough so that the crowd
about brought the house down as she finished. Now came the last
dance before Lila's routine and she got up to go back stage as
the music started to play.


"Wish me luck everyone," she said smiling as she walked off into
the darkness.


When it was Lila's turn at the floor the spot light came on and
she stood in a wash of soft blue light the fingers of one black
gloved hand spread wide and covering her face. The music began
and Lila twirled, the song was an oldie "Sea of Heartbreak," by
Don Gibson.


She moved with the ease of the wind and the lightness of a cloud.
Her beauty took the crowd as she played them with her body and
her eyes. She began to remove her dress and the men in room gave
a resounding round of catcalls as she did. She was beautiful as
she flowed across the stage like the calling woo of sin itself.


Finally free of the oriental garb she unleashed a combination of
raw stripper, tempered with a sweet graceful ballet. As she took
off the bra Patrick could feel the energy in the room all but
explode. Lighters came alive all across the room waving back and
forth in time to the music like some kind of a mystical chant of
light.


Lila hooked her thumbs in the side of her thin panties and the
room went pure pandemonium and the din was explosive. She teased
them, dipping and swinging around away from the crowd feigning
shyness. At last, to the men's relief, she wiggled out of the
bright scant covering and turned with nothing but the thin V
shaped trail of hair rising from the apex of her crevice to cover
her.


She laid down on the stage facing the viewers and spread her legs
wide giving everyone a view of her beautiful gaping vulva as the
music began to fade to its ending. When the lights came up so did
the viewers, on there feet clapping, whistles, and shouts of
appreciation, as she gracefully gathered her things to leave the
stage.


Before leaving she turned winked and waved before walking off
into the darkness. The crowd went crazy and the MC had to put in
an appearance just to talk them down.


Patrick kept his eye open for Lila and picked her up as she
stepped around from behind the stage. A tall fellow with dark
hair stepped in front of her stopping her next to the stage.


Patrick started to rise from his seat his hand moving to the butt
of his snub-nosed revolver and then felt Laura's hand firm on his
arm, "No Patrick, she'll be alright," she whispered.


He eased back into his seat uneasy with the situation, fingering
the butt of the snub, not happy to just sit back and wait.


Laura could sense his impatience could tell that his body and
chemistry were in high alert; she had not seen him like this
before in the short time she'd been with him. It surprised her
somewhat to find that there was warrior inside this usually mild
man she cared so much about.


He felt better when at last he saw Lila head in their direction
and walk back to the table. Lila picked up the little clutch
purse she had carried in with her and fished around inside until
she found her money.


"Wait here for me I'll be right back," she said!


She peeled off two, crisp, new hundred-dollar bills and headed
back in the direction she had came from. She walked up to the man
and if you weren't trained you would never have noticed the pass,
he got the money and she got something then they parted. He
headed for the exit and Lila headed back for the booth.


"What was that all about," Laura asked her?


"We were made," Lila whispered as she sat down. "His name is
Chuck Warner and he's a ghoul, the bastard tried to scan me,
thankfully his powers are weak and he wasn't able to. I just
purchased a hit of Twilight from him and he gave me a contact
number if I wanted more," she said!


"That is what I'd call a lucky break." Patrick said.


"We had better talk to someone at the compound tonight, if we
can't get Victor we'll talk to Blake the head of security ...
they need to know," Laura suggested.


"He knows what we are Laura, so we are going to need to be a
little more cautious than we have been. He works for a company
called Loadstar Holdings they rent temporary warehouse space,
equipment, you name it, they have a building right off the
interstate on the outskirts of Osceola."


Patrick looked up and watched as Pete the big Indian approach
their booth a smile on his face.


"O-SI-YO ... A-YO-LI ... WA-YA," He said as he took Patrick's
hand and shook it.


"And how is my young wolf these days," he asked grinning widely.


"We're getting by Pete, big crowd tonight," Patrick commented.


"Yes, they come from all over, by the way I caught your friends
dance ... very impressive," he said!


Pete smiled at Lila as she sat there blushing and avoiding his
eyes.


"Let me buy you guys a drink Pat," the old warrior offered.


"Some other time my old friend ... I have something I need to
take care of tonight," he told him.


"Come back Pat when you have time, we'll smoke, talk, and have a
good time," he said smiling.


"I'll do that old friend, its good to see you well Pete," he
answered.


"Thanks Pat, same here ... now stay that way young wolf," Pete
told him as he turned to go.


"You were right Patrick he is an unusually peaceful spirit,"
Laura said.


"I think we should head back and make those calls to your boss
ladies," he suggested.


They all headed for the car and began the short drive back to the
house. Lila again slid across the front seat to lay her head on
his shoulder her hand hanging onto his arm as he drove.


As Patrick eased the company sedan out of the parking lot he
noticed a white delivery type van parked along the edge of the
gravel entryway. As they passed it he could clearly see the
"Loadstar Enterprises" logo on the side. It appeared to be empty.


"I had a wonderful evening dear, thank you," Lila whispered.


"I'm sorry it was interrupted, you looked as if you were really
having fun on stage," he answered.


"Oh I was Patrick, it was one of the most interesting things I've
done in a long time," she told him. "I love you," she said as she
closed her eyes.


"I know you do Lila and I love you too," he said!


They arrived home and Patrick used the little counter device of
Jake's before unlocking the door, all the counts were even and
there was no window alarm.


When they entered he gave Laura his cell phone, "They can't trace
this one it disposable, so you should probably be using it," he
told her.


Pat walked to the kitchen refrigerator and grabbed a beer as
Laura dialed her boss's number. Then sat down at the table to
imbibe just a little.


Laura walked into the kitchen a few minutes later holding the
phone out to Patrick, "He wants to talk to you," she explained.

---------------------------------------


"Hello"


"Hello, Mr. O'Neil, this is Victor Rawlings, first I would like
to thank you for looking after my employee's and also for the
help you've given them thus far," Victor said.


"Only too happy to be of service sir, I rather felt after my
units were implicated that it was sort of my problem too. I want
to find out if any of my drivers have trafficked willfully in
this business," Patrick responded.


"I would like to offer to send you a member of my team Mr. O'Neil
his name is Sam Blackwell and he is the finest surveillance man I
know right now. I rather hate to impose on your hospitality but
if you could put him and a small contingency of men up as he
watch's the warehouse near you it would be a great help to me,"
Victor explained.


"It really isn't an imposition Mr. Rawlings I'd be happy to, I
have ample space here to accommodate your team. I'd like to ask
something of you sir if I may, do you have resources that might
yield information on a company called Loadstar Holdings. I would
certainly be curious to know if it's a stand alone business or a
subsidiary of a parent organization," Patrick asked.


"I had it in mind to do just that Mr. O'Neil, I also intent to
put feelers out on the dealer you encountered tonight. I'm
greatly interested in exactly how they're receiving the drug. I
will of course share all my intelligence with you. Laura informs
me that you intend to send a team to Texas to track your
vehicles, is this correct," he asked?


"Yes sir it is, but I need about a week or more to put everything
in place, I will of course inform you before we make the move, to
make you aware that we are in the area," Patrick told him.


"I appreciate that Mr. O'Neil, if there is anything else I can
supply you with, or aid you in please don't hesitate to call me
sir," Victor told him.


"Thank you, you just may hear from me Mr. Rawlings ... goodbye
sir," he said as he hung up.

--------------------------------


"I would say right off hand that he's upper society and well
moneyed, and probably a pretty decent guy," he said to the girls.


"You would be correct on every count my love," Lila told him.


"His wife Amanda was the most treasured thing in his life and
when he lost her he nearly fell apart. He started to become
bitter and very distant, but one night there was dream or vision
and his wife was in it. He has never told anyone what took place
or what was said in it, but he came back to life somewhat after
that," Lila informed him.


------------------------------------------

Victor Rawlings hung up the phone the crease above his eyes deep
his mind hard into his thoughts.


"Is everything all right Mr. Rawlings? Steven Blake asked his
employer?


"I'm not exactly sure yet Mr. Blake," Victor told him. "It turns
out our target is willing to render aid in our investigation ...
seems like a level and very decent sort," he commented.


"But still theirs something troubling you ... right," the head of
his security, asked him?


"I think we may be close to losing our anonymity, as well as the
element of surprise with it," he explained.


"So are you sending Blackwell and a team up to Laura," Steven
asked?


"Yes Mr. Blake and you will be in charge of supplying weapons and
gear for the convoy I want three large recreational vans for them
and the gear. And Mr. Blake outfit the team for heavy sustained
combat, including their first aid gear, and battle armor.


"How large a team do you want sir," Blake asked.


"Six I think at first, and send along some flash and smoke
grenades just in case,"


"Will I be attending this excursion Mr. Rawlings," Steven asked?


"Not now, but I may need to send you later, send the new girl
Sadie Pratt a little field time wouldn't hurt her and I think
she's ready don't you Steven," Victor inquired?


Victor could sense Steven's disappointment in not getting the
field assignment and smiled to himself. Steven was a true
warrior, he lived solely for the life and light of the battle and
that was problem. He was fearless and cunning; the problem was he
had so many other useable talents it made Victor reluctant to put
him at risk.


"Yes sir, she's more than ready sir, I trained her myself and
she's very capable," he responded!


"Good, we need to learn everything we can about a company by the
name of Loadstar Holdings, and one of their employee's a Mr.
Chester Warner of Clarke co. Iowa will you see to that for me Mr.
Blake?"


"Yes sir, I'll start tonight with the company and find all
pertinent information on Mr. Warner tomorrow sir," Steven
responded.


"Will there be anything else Mr. Rawlings," Blake asked.


"Yes Blake, I may need to deploy you in the field within the
state of Texas later, I want you to be thinking of who you want
in your command. I expect we will meet with fierce and deadly
resistance there, bear that in mind as you select both your team
and your gear young man. I don't want to lose anyone.


"Yes sir, goodnight night then sir," he said, and then turned and
left the office headed for the security cage.


As Steven Blake strode down the hallway he felt the surge within
his spirit that he always felt with the call of battle. It was an
unrealistic and heady mingling of anxiety, joy, and hunger for
adventure ... and he couldn't wait for the deployment.


------------------------------------------------



"Remember when I told you I could show you what it like
temporarily," Laura asked him?


"Yes," he replied.


"I think this might be a good time, as I have a feeling things
will break fast when Blackwell arrives and we may not get another
chance for a while," she said.


With that Laura held the tip of her finger to her mouth and
scraped the tip with her fang. Holding her finger over the mouth
of his bottle of beer she let drip a single bright red drop of
blood into his beer.


"Drink my love and receive the powers I have bade you to," she
said, as her eyes held his own in a link of love.


They sat with him as he drank, Laura's hand resting on the top of
his thigh her eyes bright as she watched him. He felt Lila behind
him place her small hands on top of his shoulders as the rush of
power began to rise in his body.


His hearing seemed keener as well as his sight and smell, and he
knew as he sat there he was physically stronger. It was if his
senses were radar, expanding far beyond the space he now occupied
and touching the far reaches of the night. The girls could feel
it too and it excited both of them.


"I can feel it," he told them.


Laura felt the attraction first and was amazed at the intensity
of it, the projection of Patrick's temporary power felt like that
of an ancient. She was wooed by it at the deepest levels of her
psyche, wanting to give herself over to his will completely and
he hadn't even glanced in her direction yet.


He raised his hand to Laura's neck and gently brushed the hollow
at its base with his finger and saw her eyes glow and her eyelids
half close with the rush of sensuality that filled her spirit.


"You own me my Lord," she whispered softly with her head tilted
back!


He stood lifting her to her feet and pressed his lips to her
mouth and Laura went limp against him. Her tongue forced past his
lips and went frantic in his mouth, she needed him in her right
now, her hands went up to the back of his neck as she ravished
his mouth. Her body grinding against the hardness of his cock as
she purred ... completely under control the lust she felt inside.


She broke the kiss and pulled away slightly at last, her eyes
filled with awe and wonder at the magnitude of the power she felt
from this beautiful creature in front of her. She had never
experienced this kind of feeling before, not in her romantic
adventures, or in all of her feeding experiences ... he was a
master and she wanted to be his eternally.


"Patrick ... my God the power of your soul is awesome," she told
him.


"Lila was keen to it as well, and just as dumbfounded, "You would
make a spectacular vampire Patrick," she whispered in his ear.


"It must be the unique quality of your blood, it has magnified
the effects of your temporary ghouling and made you the most
powerful of our kind I've ever encountered," Laura prompted in
her excitement!


They both understood what he wanted at the same instant, and both
smiled at him. Laura stepped around his chair and stood in front
of Lila and then turned around to face him. Lila moved up
directly behind Laura her hands finding the firm, shapely breasts
of the lovely blonde vampire, she squeezed them softly, while
Laura cringed with the pleasure of Lila's touch before him.


Patrick was hard again, as he watched Lila place her lips at the
side of Laura's neck and gently lick the skin there ... her eyes
smiling at his own, teasing him suggestively.


"Does it please my Lord to watch me play with my friend," she
provoked!


"Yes my love it pleases me tremendously," he told her!


Her fingers unfastened the buttons on Laura's dress and
unfastened the white belt she wore. The fire of Laura's wanting
was undeniable in the glow of her spring colored eyes, her lips
pursed slightly and strained, as if she might be suffering at the
moment.


The dress came off and fell at her feet encircling the white high
heels she wore. Lila quickly stripped away the bra to reveal
those haughty breasts with their firm, beautiful curves. Next,
she reached down and lovingly passed her small hands over the
front panel of Laura's panties causing the blonde to moan softly.
 Patrick's cock, flinched hard, in response to the erotic sounds
of her love music; as Lila's fingertips continued to arouse the
already heated blonde.


Lila placed her hands at the sides of the small garment and very
slowly tugged them down the creamy thighs of her friend and
lover. Laura's full, perfect mound was in plain view now, in all
its spectacular glory and needing filled.


Patrick's eyes followed closely the smooth motion of Lila's
wicked hands, his hot glance scanning intently every rise,
shadow, and crease of her Laura's beautiful organ.


Lila lifted one foot at a time and gracefully aided the beautiful
vampire in the removal of the offending garment. And at last,
Laura stood there magnificent beyond description in the close
light of the kitchen area.


Lila's hand rose once more to pass over the near hairless mound
of Laura's body, eliciting a soft groan from the fair blonds full
lips. Patrick could sense the warm rush of her desire as it
burned itself into her consciousness, he could feel it wresting
control of her will, enlisting her body and mind to its own
selfish purpose.


Lila's fingers gently parted the full, ripe lips, of Laura's
crevice and probed its warm recesses lovingly. Strong tremors
passed through Laura's flesh as the flames of her passion swept
away her own will and resolve; making her a mere instrument of
pleasure controlled by Lila's touch.


With her head tilted back, and her eyes closed, she whispered,
"Oh Patrick darling ... I feel you ... I know how you want me!"


Lila circled from behind Laura and knelt before her, her hands
raising themselves to feast on the soft skin of her breasts, her
mouth locking on the moist mound of the stunning blonde. Laura's
voice was tense as she recited her appreciation for the warm
tongue, and soft mouth, her friend was using on her.


"Are you pleased my Love to see me consumed thus," Laura asked
Patrick?


His sweet, caressing reply, was found in the secret chambers of
her mind when the force of his will passed over her body,
enchanting the flesh it touched. She moaned deeply, as her body
shuddered, and a pleasant smile spread across that beautiful
face.


Lila felt the force Patrick's mind stroking at her breast, as she
fed from the passion of Laura's lust, felt him pass over the
smooth skin around her nipples. She felt him pass down over
abdomen pausing to stroke there as well. The urgency of Lila's
body made her mind somewhat anxious for her release, as Patrick's
wicked probing of her continued to inflame her need.


Her tongue was deeply embedded in Laura's the passage when she
felt the first soul-wracking stroke of his fingers cross over the
hard, hot flesh, of her clit. Her mind cried out and she knew he
was aware of the rush of her urgency; their between her legs. It
made Lila merciless in her use of Laura's clit, as the raging
storm of her need surged out of control within her body.


Lila nearly fell over after exposure to Patrick's teasing, and
then she felt the plunge of his fingers as they entered her
sopping cunt. She began to wail as his mind probed her sensitive
organ flooding her with its plesant senstions, as she kneeled
there, her tongue still inticing Laura to orgasm.


Patrick enjoyed immensely this new power he had over their
bodies, and the sight of the one, kneeling before the other, only
elevated his passion for both. Still probing Lila's cunt with his
mind, he then pushed a smaller finger into her anal opening and
listened, as she cried out loudly with a fresh rush of new
sensations.


Lila stood immediately and turned moving to kneel before him, her
eyes pleading with his own as she whispered, "You're magnificent
my Lord!"


He kissed her as her hands softly ran up and down the length of
his hardness. Lila stood rushing out of her clothing to stand
before him in the perfect glory of her flesh ... for the pure
pleasure of her Lords eyes.


She knew what he wanted, and would never be able to deny him; she
sat poised, her thighs spread, and her heat hovering just over
his cock. She played with him a moment as she kissed his lips
once more. She then lowered herself to fleetingly brush the mass
of his passion, while she pressed her firm breasts against him,
gyrating and teasing him, as he had teased her.


But at last it wasn't his resolve that dissolved but hers, as she
guided his cock to her entry and in a rushing downward sweep took
it all in with a loud cry. Her head went back, her eyes closed
tightly, as she sat there shaking with the sensation of his
blessed fullness.

Her cries rang out, brightly tinted from the flames of her need,
which were now burning out of control within her mind. She felt
the power of his presence roll through her body claiming every
shred of control she owned and possesing her completely ... and
the woman loved it.


She raised her head, her eyes seeking his own, hers dazed and
full of wonder, and she loved him in that place and moment. She
moved on him, knowing her joy would be short in coming after all
he had done to her body with his mind. She was bobbing up and
down rapidly when she felt Laura's nails rake her back ... that
was the key that threw open the flood gates of her body, she
cried again as her dew gushed out and inundated her lovers cock
and she came.


Her arms flew about his neck as she sat shivering through the
last gentle impacting waves of that wonderful release. Her lips
caressed his one last time before she raised her body and gave
control of his own back to him.


Laura immediately went to her knees and covered him with her
mouth and cleaned the remnants of Lila's orgasm from his body.
She then stood and moved to the edge of the oak table beside him,
and laid back and spread her legs.


"Please," was all she said!


Patrick stood and moved between her legs bending down to kiss her
mouth before anything else was done. He knew he didn't have much
in the way of control left inside, as his cock banged around in
the hot moisture between her legs.


The surge of twin spirits feeding on their own mutual lust rose
into the night, lighting the room with the color of their two
bright desires. He whispered in her mind the things he knew she
needed to hear, and she became one with him, giving everything
over to his control.


He stood and guided the head of his bloated cock to the ready
entrance of Laura's gaping cunt. He began a deep steady rhythm
that had her undulating against him in very short time. She was
hot, and had been that way for some time and Patrick knew it
would only be a short wait for the arrival of her first orgasm.


As he pumped his cock into her moist opening Lila crawled up on
the table and placed a knee on either side of Laura's head and
bending over slightly began to caress the luscious curvature of
her breasts with gentle hands of lust. As she continued to caress
the firmness of Laura's breasts she rocked her hips up and down
moving her cunt ever closer to Laura's lips.


Lila moaned as Laura's tongue invaded her moist folds and
titillated her clit with a gentle nudge. Then when Laura reached
up and squeezed the gypsy vixen's breasts as she cried out and
shivered, with the shock of pleasure that took her.


Lila looked down as Patrick's cock slid in and out of the
beautiful blondes body, heavily coated with her rich, thick
fluids, and her passions flared hot again. The sight of the heavy
cock plundering the well-rounded mound in front of her obsessed
her mind.


Over come with her lust Lila bit Laura on the nipple and began to
feed slowly from the sweetness of her friends body. Laura,
overcome by the sudden sensation of the kiss, as it passed
through her veins like fire, went immediately into orgasm, her
cunt contracting around the cock pounding her body.


Patrick was overloaded by the sensations and the sight before him
and began to empty himself into the tight passage of Laura's
cunt. Each prolonged contraction was dual in its sensation, as
each was a slight burning pain mingled with intense sexual joy.
With the passing of his seed, his passions soon abated to a more
manageable state of being. He retired to the chair behind him and
watched as the girls finished each other off.


Lila shuddered to her conclusion as Laura gently lapped the last
of her wetness from between the lips of her crevice. When Laura
was finished with her sup Lila gingerly removed herself from the
tabletop and pulled Laura to a sitting position at its edge.


Patrick smiled as the two embraced and kissed each other
tenderly.


Patrick rose and headed for his bedroom calling them to follow in
his mind. Obedient, the two trailed after him down the hallway
hand in hand. The three of them snuggled closely as Patrick
closed his eyes and felt the sweet caress of the shadows take his
consciousness in the slow, sweet rapture, of a peaceful sleep.

-----------------------------------------------------

End part 3
                  WilliamDuPain@gmail.com





























