LonelyWives

Any comments, suggestions? geek_writer@yahoo.com

Check out my other stuff -
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/

Enjoy the story, and all that Copyright stuff??  The story is mine, if
you reproduce it somewhere, please let me know...
******************************************************************************
This whole story started the year between my sophmore and junior year in High School.  We had gotten a pool at home several years before and I learned how to take care of it.  I learned to keep it running because I loved to swim, and my dad was a lazy piece of shit.  Having him move out that March made my life a lot easier.  He left me and mom, accusing us of always putting him down, never supporting him...blah blah blah.  Sorry you have a wife and son who are smarter and have more common sense than you, you fuckwit.

Anyway, Dad was gone, so I was the man of the house.  I was 15 at the time, and interested in going out for football in the fall.  Several things happened that summer to help me along.  I grew several inches by June, I was working out with weights and drinking protein shakes a lot, and I got my first pool job for Mrs. Johnson, my mom's best friend.  Mom had been going on to her friends about how much better life was, and how I had been such a huge help around the house, especially with the pool.

Mrs. Johnson, or Patty, was one of the women she had been talking to and had mentioned that she couldn't figure things out and with her husband gone so much, she was looking for a pool boy.  Was I interested?

"Mrs. Johnson?  Are you serious?  Of COURSE I am interested!!!"  I yelled to my mother.

We were in the kitchen and she had been talking about her day with the girls and how when she brought up the great job I was doing, her friend Patty had been interested.  I didn't tell her that I always refered to her friend as "Patty who gives me a Fatty".  Patty Johnson was about 5'10" had long muscled legs from playing tennis, a nice round ass, and tits made for sucking.  How she ended up with her husband was beyond me.

Mom, of course thought I was just interested in the money.  Me?  I was interested in the minute possibility of seeing Patty in a bathing suit.  It was tuesday, school had ended the friday before, and she wanted me to come over as soon as humanly possible.  I wolfed down dinner, tore into the garage to put everything together for the next day, and was up in my room trying to figure out what to wear, all in about 2 minutes.  Got some clothes that were fairly nice, showed off my chest and biceps, but were still easy to work in.  Then I spent the next three hours taking turns beating off, cleaning myself up, trying to sleep, beating off some more until I finally crashed.

I woke up early the next morning, put all the stuff in a cart, attached it to my bike, and rode the mile and a half to Patty Johnson's house.  We lived in an okay neighborhood, my dad had gotten the pool thru one scam or another.  The Johnson's however lived on the 'good' side of town.  Manicured lawns, full-time nanny's, a mercedes or bmw in every driveway.

I got to their street and turned down their driveway, pumping the pedals up the steep incline.  Their house overlooked the canyon and had a fantastic view, well, once the fog burned off.  It was around 8:30 when I finally parked my bike and my stuff by the back gate.  Thier pool was about three times the size of ours, kidney shaped and had a cool diving board at one end.  A hot tub was raised up three steps on one side, and it overflowed into the pool.  All in all a really nice setup.  I was eyeing where things were when I heard the door open.

"My you're up early!" a voice declared behind me.

I turned around to see Patty in a skintight workout uniform, a light sheen of sweat glistening on her skin.  Her red hair was back in a pony tail, with some of the hair escaping and lightly covering her forehead.  The black and pink jog bra and bike shorts left nothing at all to the imagination from the 2 second glance I threw her way, before looking at her face.

Patty was beautiful in a Marilyn Monroe, breathy kind of way.  Heavy lidded eyes conveyed sexuality even when she wasn't trying.  I hadn't seen her in a while, so she kind of left me speechless.

"Hello?  Anyone alive in there?"  she said, smiling brightly.  "Jesus Duncan, when did you get all huge and gorgeous?"  She came and gave me a hug, squeezing her firm breasts against my ribs.  I hugged her back awkwardly as she pulled back and gripped my bicep.

"Been working out eh?  Me too!" she said, spinning around in a circle.  I admired the way her ass tightened as she spun to show off.

"You sure have Mrs. Johnson.  You look fantastic!"
"Why thank you Duncan.  Oh, but you don't want to sit around talking to an old fart!  Let me show you the pool so you can get finished and go have fun with your girlfriend." 

She put her hand on the gate, waiting for me to respond.  My gaze dropped to her amazing tits as I murmured, "Don't have a girlfriend, Mrs. Johnson."

"REALLY!" she twittered.  "Well, then I have you all to myself then, don't I?"  She opened the gate and stood in front of it to hold it open.  I grabbed some of the stuff out of the cart and walked inside.

It was laid out like a japanese rock garden, plain, but appealing.  We walked up the path, her in front, me following the rippling muscles in her ass and thighs.  Her waist made my mouth water for want of grabbing it and sticking my dick in her.  At this point, the bike shorts rode up a little, exposing part of her curved ass cheek.

Blood rushed into my groin as she moved down to a cabin behind a large rock facade.  There were two doors leading to changing rooms, and a third that housed the mechanics of the pool.  I took a quick look and saw that the levels were all off, that there was too much water flowing too quickly and the filter needed a desparate cleaning.

"Ooooh, I think I see whats up Mrs. Johnson."
"Dearest, if you are going to work for me, call me Patty.  Mrs. Johnson makes me feel old.  Hot young men are supposed to make me feel young!"  She had moved close to see inside the small room, brushing her breasts against my right arm.  I could feel her nipples through the fabric, practically scratching my skin.  I turned quickly, hoping to distract her from the tip of my cock threatening to poke out, but all I accomplished was to bring her closer to me.

She had beautiful blue eyes, dark red hair, and pale freckled skin.  Her ears were upswept almost like an elf's and her smile made her button nose rise a little.  I wanted more than anything to reach out and kiss her, but I didn't want to lose the job, and I especially didn't want to get slapped.  She stared into my eyes for almost a full minute, neither of us saying anything before she leaned forward and kissed my cheek softly.

"Let me know when you're done." she said in a deep sexy voice.  I was not sure what had just happened, but it sure seemed significant.  She walked away slowly, turning to look back at me staring at her.  As she slipped into the house, she grinned at me, waving.

The first thing I wanted to do was to drop my shorts, beat off, and then beat off some more.  The object of my fantasies was THIS close to me.  Jesus!!  Hmmm, if I can get the pool fixed, maybe she'll swim!

I changed the flow to regulate it better and began cleaning and adjusting the things that needed changing.  Gradually the ph changed to what I needed it to be after adding chemicals to the water.  The pool itself looked pretty good, no huge acumulation of algae or chlorine burn, so I thought it would be good to swim in the next day.

As if reading my mind, a voice floated out from the upstairs window.  "You all done?  Can I swim?"

"Nope, sorry Patty, not today" I yelled back up to her.

I waited for her to respond, but heard nothing.  I began packing up my stuff when I heard the sliding glass door open behind me.  Patty was obviously showered from her wet hair.  Her black bikini was small enough to show almost every part of her, yet strong enough to support her ample breasts admirably.  My jaw dropped as she walked slowly towards me, our gazes locked on one another.  She dropped her gaze to my shorts, mine went right to her chest.  It was good that I had pulled my shirt out of my pants because the head of my cock was pushing it's way above my waistband.

"How much do I owe you?" she asked, her eyes locked on my crotch.
"Um, uh, what?" I asked, shaking my head out of a daze.
She grinned, sticking her chest out proudly.  She moved closer, poking my chest with her finger, "How..much..do..I..owe..you?"

"Uh, I dunno.  I didn't do a whole lot I guess." I said lamely.  My mom told me to let her name the price.  I had never done this before and it seemed so easy, I felt bad charging her money.  

"Didn't do a whole lot??  What do you mean?  You were in that cabin for 2 freakin hours, and my pool doesn't bowl me over with chlorine anymore.  I'd say that deserves a BIG reward" she exclaimed, her eyebrows raising and her chest bouncing on the word big.

Oh it was big alright, and full of blood, and threatening to drop my shorts around my ankles as more of it peeked out of my shorts.  I think she saw my shirt begin to tent because she licked her lips and said, "Is the hottub okay to use?"

I nodded.  "Yeah, your husband seems to have known what to do with that, but not the pool."  She smiled, slowly walking up the steps into the hottub.  She stepped down into the steamy water, sliding down into it slowly.  She sat down and rested her head against the side, her gaze never leaving mine.  "Come on in, the water's great." she said quietly.

I nodded, in a trance.  She was the sexiest woman I had ever seen, laying back on the bench, her head the only thing visible above the waterline.  She raised a hand, beckoning me into the hottub.  

I shucked my sneakers off and practically tore off my shirt.  She cooed when she saw the muscles across my chest and my tight abs.  I somehow managed to shove the head of my dick below my waist band, but it was threating to pop out again.  I cruised up the stairs and below the water before it let loose.  I shifted myself by stretching my legs out and putting my head under water.  I pulled my head out, shaking the water off, and felt the jets start.  Bubbles formed around her neck as she stared at me from across the hottub.  It was a pretty big one, with room for about ten people at least.

She continued staring at me as she grinned.  "What are you thinking right now, right this instant?"

I just shrugged, not really knowing where to start.  

"Do you want to know what I am thinking?"

I nodded quickly, causing her to chuckle sexily.  "I LOVE skinny dipping, have you ever done it, Duncan?"

My eyes widened, telling her an obvious no.  "NO?  Oh Duncan, it's awesome.  You have to experience it.  You can keep a secret, right?  No telling your mom?"

"Yeah, um, yeah I can keep a secret" my mouth taking turns being dry as a desert, and drooling at the prospect of seeing this goddess naked.  She smiled at me, and sat up, her breasts just above the waterline.  She slowly reached back behind her and began to untie it.  I saw the strings come loose and she let them fall in the front, the fabric now hangling loosley in front of her delicious breasts.  I could see creamy flesh sag a little, but from the pure weight of them, rather than anything else.  I knew that the huge head of my cock was out of my shorts by now, but I didn't care.  I was dumbfounded by the rising and falling of the bottoms of her breasts as her breathing quickened.  I saw the fabric move as she untied the strings around her neck, holding the strings against her.  I licked my lips while she moved the strings down, inch by inch.  I saw her areola exposed first, inch by inch.  The cups were barely caught on her nipples as she paused, teasing me.  I almost jumped across and ripped it out of her hand, but she grinned and dropped the top into the hottub  finally exposing her chest completely.  They were perfect.  Round, full, they looked soft and supple.  The areola surrounding her bright pink nipples was wide and dark, a little bigger than a half dollar.  She stood there letting me look before she lowered herself slowly into the water.

I sat and stared at the bubbles making her breasts shake, her nipples just under the waterline.  I licked my lips and rearranged my cock.  She caught me and called my name.

"Duncan...It's only fair.  Don't let me be the only one who's naked" she said softly.  Her breasts jiggled back and forth as she did something under the water, her hand coming up with her black bottoms.  Her smile dazzled me and carried me away with it.  Before I knew what I was doing, I stood up and unhooked the button on my shorts.  She leaned forward slightly as the head appeared and fell forward as my shorts and boxers came down.

"Holy shit" she breathed.  My cock stood up by itself, the large head a red/purple mushroom cap on top of a long, thick, heavily veined shaft.  I was always proud of my dick, but I had never had it quite so hard or quite so long.  I felt slightly lightheaded from all of the blood that was rushing towards my crotch.  Normally, I could get myself off without having to get completely hard, but I had never been confronted with such a beautiful woman completely naked before.

"How..how long is it?" she whispered as I lowered it into the water.  I sat back down and said, "I've never been completely hard like this.  It's usually a little soft, but it's ten and a half long and about two and a half wide."  My blood was burning inside me as I raised my hips and flexed my dick, making it stir the surface of the water.  I saw her hand go under the water and her eyes closed slightly.  It looked like she was playing with herself from the way her arm was moving.  I couldn't help but join her, running my hand along the big shaft in my lap.  I arched my back slightly so I could get the head out of the water, and played with it.  She came slightly out of the water as well, exposing most of her ample cleavage.  Her arm was moving pretty fast while her mouth opened and she breathed faster and faster.  I sped up the pace on my cock and sat up on the edge of the tub, my butt splashing water into the pool.  

She sat up on the edge and splayed one leg out to the side, one hand plunging in and out of her pussy, the other tweaking her love knob.  Her face screwed up with pleasure, her gaze never leaving my hand as it sped up and down long hard shaft.  

"Oh god, come with me Duncan..." she whimpered, biting her lip.  Her eyes flew open as the first waves of orgasm hit her.  The fact that she was coming sent an electrical shock right to my balls, causing me to shoot come at her.  It sailed across the pool and spattered on her left tit.  The subsequent jets went on her skin, her hair, and the last flying one hit her on the cheek.  She gathered it up with one hand, the other slowing down in her cunt.  She licked it clean, moaning as she licked it off her tits.  Her tongue was long as she lifted her heavy breasts to her mouth, licking all of the sperm from her skin.

She gazed at me, the fires of her lust encouraged rather than sated.  She went underwater to rinse the come out of her hair, coming up right in front of where I was seated.

"Duncan, I could get into a lot of trouble for this you know.  Even just sitting here naked with you could get me thrown in jail and make my husband leave me.  I just couldn't help myself when I saw how ripped you are now, and how goddamn big that dick is."  She was nervous as hell, but she still wanted me in a big way.

"I'll understand if you want to leave, but please don't tell anyone what just happened.  If you do leave, I am begging you not to say a word."

I waited for a moment as she got on her bathing suit once more.  She handed me my shorts and gave me a kiss on my cheek.  She whispered in my ear, "Then again, if you don't want to leave, i'll be upstairs in a few minutes.  Put your bike and stuff in the garage and come to me."  She ran her hand across my chest as she got out and walked quickly to the house.  She didn't look back at all.  If she had, she would have seen me getting my shorts back on, and running to the gate to store my stuff away in the garage.


---------------------------
-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/  