“I just wish something would happen already,” Greg grumbles.

Sam glances over at the kid, who is standing by the farmhouse kitchen’s checkerboard curtains and looking outside into the bright sunlight. His hands keep moving on the blades before him, polishing and honing, as he takes in Greg’s stance—the nervous energy to him. It’s only three days to the full moon, Sam realizes, and wonders how the time slipped away from him.

“Things’ll happen when they happen,” he says, setting down the artificial claw he was working on and resting his hands on the table.

Greg shoots him a quick, hostile glance—kid doesn’t like Sam even at the best of times—and then looks back out the window. “Where’s Dean?” he asks.

Sam has answered the question a variety of ways for the last two weeks—for Greg, for Bonnie, for Jo and all the other ragtag members of their growing army—and he settles for the easiest version now. “Gathering intel, you know that.”

And Dean is, but that isn’t the full story. The full story is that anyone could have done the job Dean’s doing now, and done it faster. The full story is that Dean volunteered to make this particular run because it’s getting too crowded around here for his peace of mind.

Probably doesn’t help that they ran into an old client last month.

The cougar makes a rumbling noise inside Sam, filling him with the sensation of bristling fur and a lashing tail. ::We should have killed him.::

Dean said no, Sam reminds it, although of course he doesn’t disagree. Dean’s too soft for his own good, even after everything he went through. He’s maybe softer than ever, in some ways, because he’s still afraid of becoming the monster Vincent tried so hard to mould him into.

Sam has less of a problem with that where he himself is concerned, but he’s willing to abide by Dean’s wishes. For now.

It was still difficult letting him go, no matter how much he understood Dean needed the solitude, and waiting for him to get back has been torture. And it’s even worse than normal because it’s been so quiet. It makes Sam wonder if the recent inactivity has something to do with Lilith’s attention suddenly being elsewhere.

::We would know if Deanmate were taken,:: the cougar assures him.

Sam is less than sure about that, but the cougar’s faith helps calm his nerves a little. Although if Dean is fine, Sam’s going to be pissed with him if he’s not back in time to play leader of the pack.

If Dean’s not back by Thursday, we’re going to need to handle the kid, he reminds the cougar.

It fills his mind with a mental image of ears flattening to a wedge-shaped skull and makes a disdainful, huffing sound. ::We can run the mongrel into the ground with ease.::

Sam knows that, but it’s easier when Dean’s here. Easier because Dean takes Greg out into the woods and runs with him while the moon is high. It’s a peaceful night, then: Greg content to stay with pack and Dean more than alpha enough to keep a young lycanthrope in line. If Sam has to do it, it’ll be nothing but a lot of howling and scratching at trees and playing chase the kitty.

“Fuck, I hate this!” Greg spits, pounding his fist against the window. “Why don’t they do something? Why don’t they attack?”

Sam has been wondering that himself, and hating the uneasy silence. He knows Dean’s been dwelling on it as well—feels it in the stiffness of his mate’s body in the dark watches of the night. It’s hell, waiting like this.

::No,:: the cougar corrects him. ::Not Hell. Glesreu.::

Glesreu?

::The place of mires and wasted dreams,:: the cougar explains. ::The waiting place.:: 

Sam sends a questioning pulse and this time the cougar rifles through Sam’s memories before clarifying with a definitive sense of satisfaction, ::Purgatory.::

Purgatory, huh? Sam thinks, turning it over in his head.

::Yes,:: the cougar agrees. ::And the only way free of Glesreu is through the veil of blood.::

Grimly, Sam lifts his artificial claws again. And prays that the blood that frees them from this particular mire is tinged with sulfur.