Wanda Cheeky Monkey
byPugzilla©

Teller And Anderson College had started a tradition of having an annual costume contest every March to celebrate International women's day. The students in the feminists studies classes would be assigned an important female historical figure and be expected to give a short presentation in costume about their assigned historical figure.

Knowing when to capitalize on a good idea, The Tau Iota Tau frat scheduled a party for after the presentation. Having girls in costume always made for a great party. The Taus were not above bribing the feminist studies professors to assign the sexiest girls the historical figures that would make the hottest costumes. This was how Mona and Sheba Leon were assigned Josephine Baker and track star Wilma Rudolph.

It was almost guaranteed that Mona would wear the iconic banana skirt and bikini top that the exotic dancer turned war spy turned civil rights activist Josephine Baker was most often associated with. Also, it was a safe bet Sheba would wear the tight track and field outfit that Wilma Rudolph wore when she won three gold medals at the 1960 Olympics.

The Taus would invite the Leon sisters to the frat party even though they would never have allowed a black guy to attend a party at the frat house. Mona had no intention of going to the party without her new boyfriend Elijah. Her friend Susan had a great idea on how to get Elijah into the party. Susan had been assigned the historical figure Dian Fossey the gorilla researcher slash preservationist. Elijah could attend the party in a gorilla costume. Elijah was okay with the idea he knew the Taus threw awesome parties. He knew that Wanda had been to parties at the Tau house before. In fact the previous year the Taus had cut and pasted her head on a topless photo of Pam Grier's body and used it for a flyer advertising a summer party. The rumor around campus had been that Mona and her sister Sheba had gotten naked at a frat party the year before when they had toured the campus as high school seniors. Elijah knew better as he immediately recognized Pam Grier's body from her Players magazine centerfold.

Still, the rumors persisted that Mona and Sheba had gotten naked at the frat house. Elijah knew that he wasn't going to let Mona go to the party alone, even if it meant that he had to dress up like an ape.

Mona, of course, wore Josephine Baker's iconic banana skirt over a black bikini. She was hands down the sexiest dressed at the party although With her tight shorts and running tank top Sheba was a close second.

Susan enlisted the help of her friend Laura to be her other gorilla as without the gorillas her costume was just a khaki shirt and khaki shorts.

Elijah had never been in the Taus frat house before. He was shocked to find he recognized the house though. He didn't know it before but the sexy girls' basketball team calendar was shot at the house.

It wasn't until Elijah saw the giant cauldron of spiked fruit punch, that he remembered it substituting for a pot of gold in Mona's March picture for the calendar. Elijah had spent so much time staring at that photo if Mona in a skimpy shamrock top bikini he couldn't mistake the caldron for another one. He then glanced at the fireplace that had been the backdrop for the December picture of the entire team dressed as elves caressing a very lucky Santa. With the Leon sisters sitting on Santa's lap. Next, he saw the TV the twins flanked in the January photo. Mona and Sheba were both in skimpy diapers with sashes barely covering their nipples. With a picture of the times square ball drop on the TV. Out the sliding glass doors, Elijah saw the pool where Sheba posed in a tiny stars and stripes bikini for the July photo.

Suddenly the rumors that Mona and Sheba had posed topless at the frat house started to make sense. They were definitely topless under their sashes in the baby new year picture. Elijah figured that the whole thing must have been an exaggeration of that. A bunch of frat guys trying to make a fairly innocent occurrence into a major event.

Mona, Sheba, Susan, Laura, and Elijah made their way through the party. Mona was stopped by James Feeley wearing a "kiss me I'm Irish" t-shirt and a shamrock on a spring headband.

"Hey, we're under the clover. You gotta kiss me." he told Mona.

"One, that's mistletoe, not clover. Two, that's Christmas, not St. Paddy's. Three, you're a week early." Mona said pushing by him before Elijah got upset.

The group had a good time dancing for a while. Mona turned down quite a few offers to dance. Sheba did take up a couple of Taus on their offer to dance. Elijah was having a good time.

Jimmy Feely returned to the group with his friend Dicky Hertzmoore.

"Mona, guess what I found in my room upstairs?" Jimmy asked.

"I don't want to play guessing games." Mona responded. .

"Fine spoil sport, show her Dicky." Jimmy told his friend.

Dicky held up Mona and Sheba's bikini tops from the photo shoot. The grin on his face stretched from ear to ear.

"How did he get those?" Elijah asked.

"Jimmy was the photographer for the basketball calendar." Mona replied.

"You girls were the best models I ever had." Jimmy said with a knowing tone.

"Yeah you got a lot of great pictures that day." Dicky laughed.

The implications were running through Elijah's head as Dicky glanced back and forth between Mona and Sheba's chests.

"You girls wanna really get this party going and model these?" Jimmy asked.

"Not that what you're wearing isn't rather sexy in it's own right." Dicky said looking Mona up and down.

Elijah got in Dicky's face.

"That's enough out of you two." Elijah thundered.

"Who's this big ape?" Dicky asked.

I'm the one telling you to back off." Elijah said.

"Easy buddy. Do you want to get thrown out of here?" Jimmy asked.

"If he goes we all go." Mona said.

"That actually sounds like a good idea." Sheba said.

"Relax girls. We'll be good we promise. You don't want to leave before the dance contest do you? The winners get five hundred dollars to split." Jimmy promised.

This calmed things down enough that the group didn't leave the party. It didn't change the fact that Dicky was upset that the man in the gorilla costume had gotten in his face in his own frat house. Jimmy couldn't let that go.

When Elijah had stepped away from the group to use the restroom, a group of frat brothers were waiting for him. They quickly pulled him into Jimmy's bedroom.

"Now let's see who the man behind the monkey mask." Dicky said grabbing Elijah's costume head.

"Holy Christ, you dressed up like a monkey to sneak into a whites only party." Dicky exclaimed after seeing it was Elijah under the mask.

"I bet another one is down there right now in the other monkey costume." Franklin Packer said pointing out the window.

"We don't have to wonder about he's coming back into the house right now. Let's get em." Georgie Gropenhoffer said.

"You three handle that. I have an idea for my primate friend." Jimmy said.

A few minutes later the trio returned with Laura in the gorilla costume. Elijah was stripped naked and duct taped to a chair.

"Damn, this boy has the biggest talley wacker I've ever seen." Franklin said slapping Elijah's flacid cock from side to side.

"Do you want to be alone with him so you can play with his putz some more, you queer?" Jimmy asked.

"I'm not the one who took this negro's clothes off. So watch who you're calling a queer you butt pirate." Franklin shot back.

"You're the one everyone calls fudge packer Franklin Douglas." Jimmy shot back.

"You screw a half dozen girls in the rear and everyone acts like you got a proclivity or something." Franklin laughed.

"I don't mean to interrupt your tonight show routine, but why is this naked black guy taped to a chair in your room?" Georgie asked.

I'll explain while you get the gorilla costume off this other guy." Jimmy said pointing at Laura in the gorilla costume.

There was a stunned gasp when they pulled the Gorilla head off of Laura's costume. The group of frat guys expected another black guy had snuck in to the party and instead if was a fairly attractive blonde woman.

"Whoa, it's a broad." Franklin exclaimed.

"Thanks I wasn't clear on that before you pointed it out." Jimmy said scarcastically

"What do we do now?" Georgie asked.

"I said to strip her down." Jimmy replied.

"You want us to strip her infront of the negro?" Franklin asked shocked.

"Not all of us are as hung up on race as you Fudgie. She doesn't have a problem mixing with the blacks so she should go to the next level." Jimmy said.

What's that mean? Georgie asked.

"Just get her out of that costume and I will handle the rest." Jimmy answered.

A few minutes later Laura was stripped to her panties and Jimmy and his frat brothers had her straddled and taped to Elijah's lap.

"You've got pretty good self restraint not getting hard with a tender piece of ass across your lap like that. Let's see if you can still hold out if she doesn't have any panties on." Jimmy said sliding Lauras cotton briefs down her knees.

"There that got a rise out of you." Jimmy remarked on the semi hard state having Laura sitting naked on his lap had left him.

Jimmy tossed Goergie and Dicky the gorilla costumes.

"Put these on" He ordered.

"I don't like this. That boy is practically fucking that white piece of ass." Franklin protested again.

"Franklin if being in the most exclusive fraternity in the south isn't enough for you maybe you'd be happier at a cross burning." Jimmy said.

Or a lynching." Georgie added.

"Don't think I'm not considering it." Franklin replied looking angrily at Elijah's huge member dangerously close to Laura's womanhood.

"Whatever you say, George Wallace. Finish getting dressed and help me move these two to the window. I want Elijah here to have a good seat for the dance contest." Jimmy said.

"Oh, I get it now. You want some monkey business to go on with his date in the banana dress." Georgie said.

"Oh yeah monkey see monkey do." Dicky quipped.

"This is going to be more fun than a barrel of monkeys." Jimmy added.

"I'm up for a little monkey in the middle." Georgie laughed.

"Ok, enough with the monkey puns. I'm ready to see some tits." Jimmy said.

"Yeah some monkey tits." Franklin added.

"Dude get some help. Seriously, you go too far sometimes. Jeez at some point your love of big boobs should win over your racism. It's kind of gay at some point." Jimmy said ending the conversation.

Out back behind the frat house the pledges had built platform with a narrow walkway in the center of the pool. Jimmy walked to the platform with a megaphone.

"Ladies and gentlemen it's now time for the dance contest. The winner's are walking out of here with five hundred dollars so make some noise for your favorites." Jimmy said fanning a huge stack of ten dollar bills.

The music started blaring and Joan of arc came out and did a little dance to a Janis Joplin song. Cleopatra was next followed by Betsy Ross.

Georgie grabbed Mona's hand and pulled her to the walkway. Sly and The Family Stone Started blaring over the speakers.

Mona started dancing and immediately got more cheers than all the other girls combined. It was almost a given since her costume consisted of a bikini and a banana skirt. Georgie was not putting on a great performance as he had no ability to keep the pace of the song. That should have been a tip off that something was off. Elijah was usually an excellent dancer.

Mona's first clue that something wasn't right was Georgie pulling her banana skirt up in the back. The crowd went wild for her bikini clad ass. Mona slapped What she thought was Elijah's hand away. She started dancing again when she paused at the sight of Jimmy and his camera.

Mona remembered the calendar shoot with Jimmy. He had begged her sister to flash her breasts in this very pool. He promised no one else would ever see the pictures. He had gotten so mad when Mona and her sister had covered their nipples with pasties for the baby new year pictures. He had told Sheba that all the girls had let him get a peek even Mona. It was just the two of them. It was then that Sheba had spotted the looky loos in the upstairs window. Sheba was on to his game and ended the shoot.

As Mona glanced up at the window, Georgie wrenched her bsnana skirt clean off. Mona stood in her black two piece suit looking into the window. Her eyes went wide as she saw Elijah and Laura looking back at her. Laura's shoulders were bare and Elijah wasn't wearing a shirt.

"If Elijah and Laura are there then who is dancing behind me?" Mona thought as she backed into Georgie's tiny erection.

Mona felt the string on her bikini top untie as Georgie yanked the bow. Mona screamed as the top sprang off her chest. Her dark nipples and areolas were visible to the whole crowd for a second before she covered her huge bare breasts with her hands. In that time Mona thought she saw a camera flash come from Jimmy's direction. Her embarrassed shriek couldn't be heard over the cheers of the frat brothers who were delighted to finally get one of the Leon girls out of her top at the frat house.

Up in the bedroom, Elijah was watching the whole thing. He had been with Mona for a while now but he still couldn't get enough of her amazing rack. The quick peek of nips and areolas was all it took to get him to full mast. unfortunately for Laura that pressed his huge erection right against her open vagina. She arched her back to prevent Elijah from slipping inside of her but it was only a matter of time before her back muscles gave out and she was forced to take his huge member.

"Elijah you have to calm down." Laura told him.

"I can't help it." Elijah said

"You were doing so good." She sad.

"I know I can't resist Mona." Elijah said looking at his girlfriend hiding her massive chest from the cheering crowd of white frat guys with just her bare hands.

Georgie came up behind Mona who was trying to find a way off the pool platform that wasn't blocked by rowdy frat guys. Georgie slipped his thumbs on either side of Mona's black bikini bottoms. Mona's mouth gaped open in a scream as her bottoms shot down her legs. She pulled her hands from her chest and managed to catch the front of her swim panties before her thick bush was exposed to the crowd of screaming guys. Her giant tits were completely on display as she was in a tug of war to keep her pussy covered.

Elijah's cock was rock hard as he looked on at his girlfriend's tits exposed for a crowd of white frat guys. His thick head slipped into Laura's warm folds. The girl tried to balance on her tiptoes and escape but it was a losing effort as her calves strained from the effort. Slowly Laura felt Elijah slip further and further inside.

"Elijah you have to stop." Laura protested.

"There is nothing I can do." Elijah admitted as he looked on as his girlfriends tits were completely exposed.

Mona spun around to free her bikini bottoms from Georgie's grasp and found herself face to face with his gorilla mask. She watched as the gorilla's eyes went up and down her body. Georgie was unable to resist the urge to grab a hold of Mona's bare breast.

"Jesus! Your tits are soft" Georgie exclaimed in Mona's ear as he shook her breast from side to side.

Elijah felt himself tempted to thrust his pelvis up as he watched his girlfriend groped by a man in a gorilla costume. Laura slowly found herself impaled on Elijah's large member. Her body betrayed her by growing wetter as she took more and more of Elijah as her calves burned from the strain.

Georgie let go of Mona's huge breast and again went after her black bikini bottoms. He and Mona again struggled in a tug of war. Susan and Sheba pushed through the crowd with Dicky close behind in the other gorilla suit. Susan and Sheba managed to pull Georgie off of Mona before he got Mona's bottoms down. Georgie spun around to confront Sheba. Mona covered her chest with her arms and punted Georgie's balls from behind.

The crowd roared with laughter as the Georgie dropped to his knees in pain. Mona and Sheba exchanged glances that communicated that Mona was grateful that Sheba had prevented her from having her bare ass and pussy from being exposed. They didn't notice Dicky come up behind Susan and reach both hands around her stomach. He grabbed the placket of her kaki shirt and yanked it open. Her thin opaque bra exposed her bright red nipples to the again cheering crowd.

Susan screamed and covered her chest. Sheba went after Dicky and they both fell into the pool. Sheba couldn't swim and was struggling to keep her head above water. Dicky took advantage of the situation. He dove underwater and reappeared with Sheba's track shorts. The crowd cheered as the gorilla waved the garments over his head.

Elijah was no longer able to help himself. Laura had slid so far down his cock and seeing his girlfriend's sister shorts separated from her body, knowing she was bare-assed under the water he started to thrust up.

"Elijah, no." Laura moaned even as she started grinding back at the warm friction rubbing against her g-spot.

Laura's burning calf muscles gave out as Elijah steadily pumped his member inside her. Elijah throbbed and pulsed as he watched the show continue from the window.

Mona and Susan went to help the now bottomless Sheba back onto the platform. Both of them grabbed her by her track tank top and started to heft her up. Neither of them noticed Franklin sneaking up behind Susan.

Franklin looked at the still on the ground Georgie who nodded his head in quiet understanding. Franklin made a thumbs up sign with his right hand and jammed his stretched thumb into the ass crack of Susan's shorts. At the same time Georgie yanked Mona's black bikini bottoms all the way to her ankles.

Both girls screamed at the exposure and invasive touch and stood straight up. They still had Sheba's top in hand when they did pulling the garment up to her wrists and leaving her dangling half out of the water. Her massive naked breasts swaying for all to see. Sheba's screans could be heard over the already excited crowd of frat guys.

Elijah climaxed from the sight of his completely nude girlfriend and her exposed sister screaming for the enjoyment of the rich fraternity brothers. His involuntary grunt signaled to Laura what had just happened.

"Oh, Elijah no." Laura whailed as she felt the wetness drain around his softening cock.

Dicky saw Sheba barely clinging to her thank top. He grabbed Sheba by her legs and pulled her all the way out of her shirt and under the water. Susan and Mona were left standing on the platform holding the last of Sheba's clothes as the crowd roared in approval.

Dicky helped Sheba to the shallow end of the pool where Jimmy waited with his camera.

"I guess we got nudie pics of you after all." Jimmy remarked referring to the twins refusal to flash a little nipple for him during the calendar shoot.
