
Prelude: 
This is a stand-alone story but the characters are from other stories.
The hero, Eric has his adventures chronicled in The Ski Trips and the Breakup stories.

This is more of a follow on for `The Ex Factor'.

Also referenced are events from `Sorority Moms' and `Who's on top'.

The sorority is made up of the girls who work at the Down Hill, a Park City bar.

 To become a sorority girl they must fuck Eric.
For a girl to have a sorority mom, a very high honor, Eric must fuck her mom.

Suzanne is Eric's sort of girlfriend and a sorority mom, the head mom of the rules committee in fact. The rules committee decides what sexual acts entitle a mom to specific levels of sorority mommyness.

Lyda is Eric's EX wife (see the Ex Factor) and Marin is his 19, almost 20 year old daughter who is living with Eric for the summer.

Now on with the story !!!!

Girlfriends, Exs and Betrayal

Eric put his fingers around his hard cock. It felt good. Yes he had to admit he enjoyed the feel of his hard cock. As he moved it towards its objective he thought it felt very hard, unusually hard. He looked down at the freshly shaved pussy between those wonderful splayed legs and thought oh you wonderful pussy you do get me so very hard. He squeezed his cock just a bit to make some more pre cum ooze from the tip. He moved forward and rubbed the head along the lips of the pussy then gently up to the clit. He heard a little moan and smiled. He teased the clit and moved it down between the lips. The lips were wet, very wet. He put it in just a little then pulled out, in, out then a voice cooed `Oh put it all in'.

`Patients, my dear, patients' he replied softly.
  
Up to the clit then down, in an out then all the way in.

`Oh yes! Oh yes it feels so good! Oh stay in yes right there!'

Eric leaned forward and propped himself on his elbows just above her. She stretched her arms out above her head and moved her hips up to take him deeper. They had developed a nice slow rhythm when his Ex wife Lyda opened her eyes and said `Are you sure we have time?'


`Yes Lyda, as I said before Marin is working and will not be off work for another 3 hours'.

A look of alarm and distrust crossed her face as she said `Now Eric, are you sure? I don't want her to catch us again.'

Eric reached up and grabbed her wrist and continued his slow strokes, exploring all areas of her wet pussy. She moved just a little here and there. He looked in her eyes and said as reassuringly as he could `We have plenty of time and I don't think she was hurt or shocked by seeing us naked together. In fact I think she was glad to see that we no longer hated each other.'

`Eric we were not just naked, we were fucking, just like now. Oooh right there oooh again and it's not good for children to see their parents fucking. Oh and I still hate you. Maybe not as much but I still do.'
 
The other reason, Lyda thought, was for 10 years Marin had been her loyal supporter in her hatred of Eric. Well she had until a few years ago when Marin had secretly made contact with her father and then the ultimate betrayal when she announced that she wanted to quit school and live with him. That Lyda had agreed to allow Marin to spend the summer with him in Park City was a betrayal of her own firm belief that Eric was an asshole but then to have Marin walk in and find her fucking Eric, that was the ultimate embarrassment. Not that she really hated him anymore it was just hard to admit that the past 10 years had been, well not forgiven but moved past maybe? Besides she had some very good new she wanted to share with Marin and yes with Eric!
 
`Oh dear don't pull out. I'm close and I want to cum vaginally. Yes get back in there and fuck me. Oh fuck me a bit harder.'

`But Lyda dear I want to run my tongue along that nice shaved pussy of yours. I'm glad you shave now and my tongue needs your clit.' 

She wrapped her legs around him and said `Later, fuck me now, oh yes there!'
Eric had something he considered very important that he wanted to discuss with Lyda so he wanted her to be happy. He wanted to lick that shaved pussy but he believed he would get to that later and besides he was enjoying fucking her. He had to admit she was a damn good fuck.  Yes just straight out fucking, a hard dick in a wet pussy. Their bodies synced up to each other's movements. The breathing, the soft moans, even the talking was perfect. 

`Oh I'm so close.'

They were fucking hard. Slapping sounds filled the room. Eric drove deep into Lyda. Her pussy clinched around his cock. Her back arched.

         `OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH     YYYYEEEEESSSSS'

He slowed down and enjoyed her orgasm. The waves swept over her and she clutched him tightly.

She began to relax and he began fucking her hard. `I love fucking your cum pussy' he grunted.

`Yes fuck it, still cumming.'

She felt him getting bigger. He was going to cum. Should she tell him to put out and cum on her tits? No she wanted him in her. She wanted his big load in her cunt. She tightened her legs around him and dug her heals in his ass. He was pounding her hard and she was pushing up against him. His dick was swelling larger!
 
   `AAAARRRRGGGGG Oh AAARRGGG   LYDA   OOOOHHHHHH'

He squirted rope after rope of into that wonderful pussy. He continued to thrust and listened to the sound of their juices as his cock moved in and out of her vagina. 

She rubbed his back as he slowly stroked her now sloppy pussy.
 
`You called out my name.'

`Sorry'

`That's OK. I kind of liked it. Do you call out the names of all the women you fuck?'
 
He was still on top of her and he was going to kiss her but that last remark annoyed him.

He rolled off of her and said `No dear I don't call out names for all the other women I fuck, only you'.

He didn't say it sarcastically or in a harsh voice, just in a matter of fact voice. He hoped she would say thank you and roll over on top of him. He wanted to feel her body on his. He wanted her wet and her sweat to run over him. He wanted her to slide up and sit on his face. He wanted to taste their mixed juices and tongue her clit.
 
But she didn't.

She did sit up and in a cheerful voice say `Why thank you Eric, I'm honored'. But it didn't sound like she was honored to him. Then she did something completely unexpected. She fluffed up the pillows, sat up and reached for her purse. She pulled out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. She lit a cigarette leaned back on the pillows and took a deep drag.
 
Eric watched her and thought, she didn't even ask if she could smoke in his house, hell he didn't know she smoked! But the French doors to the deck where wide open and a gentle breeze carried the smoke outside. He smiled and laughed to himself. Less than a minute ago they engaged in very hot passionate sex, he was ready to taste her pussy and now she was sitting there smoking a cigarette as he lay there and watched. As he lay there he thought she looked like some sort of mythical goddess or maybe she-devil with the red glow of the cigarette and the smoke swirling around her. A little cloud seemed to hang by her left nipple.  The cigarette glowed red as she sucked on the end. She held the smoke in and seemed to savor the feeling. Her nipples were still erect and her shaved pussy was damp with their wet.
 
As she let the smoke out she said `I think I have fallen in love'.

As she flicked the ashes into a half empty glass of Ice tea on the night stand she noticed the look of horror and fear on his face. `Not with you! No, no dear God no, not with you!' she said with a laugh. `Now I do love fucking you. No wait that sounds crude. I should stop saying fuck don't you think? Yes I should and you should too. No I do enjoy having sex with you but I don't love you, in fact I hate you! Well not really but you are in a way responsible for my falling in love again.'

Eric was greatly relieved but also a bit disappointed. She could have said sorry dear, I love you but in a different way but she was Lyda and he would be wise not to forget that. He did have an issue he wanted to discuss with her so he laid back and admired her naked body as she told him all about her new love.
 
His name was John and he had taken her to an event at the club. She had taken Eric's fashion advice and had a dress specially made. It was longer, just below the knee but was very thin. In the right light it was transparent. It fit loosely and was cut very low in the back. Her fashion bra showed in all the right places and her nipples projected just a bit more than she was comfortable with. The tiny black tong showed in the right light and she made sure to stand where that light was right. But the best was the back of the dress. She leaned forward and told how when standing behind her it was just lose enough so you could glance down and see her ass!  She leaned back and laughed.

`Oh Eric should have seen it! The other women were so jealous and John, my God we barely made it to the car!'

As she pulled out another cigarette she said `But it's not all about sex, although the sex is fantastic, we also started dating, you know doing non sex things together. I met his friends, he met mine. We go to shows and he takes me out on his boat.' She took a deep drag and said `He stays at my place and I stay at his. This is a long way of saying that I agree with Marin attending Utah State and living here in Park City with you for the coming year. I not trying to get rid of her it's that the summer has been good for her, she has a job she's happy and we are both in a better place. Do I sound like a bad mother?'

The look on her face had gone from pure joy to one of deep concern. She wanted his approval or more accurately a sort of dispensation from him for her actions. Well, well thought Eric, it's not often that I'm in this position.

`No Lyda you're not being a bad mother. Marin is doing very well here. She's doing quite well in her job and is going back to school so I think we both agree that this has worked out quite well.'

Eric saw her face relax as she exhaled another cloud of smoke. She did not take another deep drag but held the cigarette in her right hand just level with her head. Eric was momentarily fascinated by the thin wisp of smoke curling up and drifting towards the door. He thought that yes it had worked very well for her because without Marin there she could have all the crazy sex she wanted. She could fuck this guy John's brains out and maybe half of his friends too. Then he thought, now stop that! Let's move on to my issues.

`Well Lyda there is something I want to talk to you about. I need your insight and advice.'

Lyda said nothing and her face relieved nothing but inside her defenses jumped to high alert.

Eric proceeded to confess to her that he had wanted Marin to live with him in the hope that her presents would be a brake on the activities of the sorority girls and their moms. That had not happened. He had initiated Ellie May's mom. He commented that she had been surprisingly good, for a large county women. He had fucked Kar's mom again even though Kar had specifically asked him not to. In fact Kar's mom wanted to do a foursome with Eric, her husband and Eric's girlfriend. 

Eric had gone to see the owner a mountain sports shop to see if he could get Marin a job at the shop for the summer. He casually knew the husband and wife owners and the wife had led him to her office in the back. The husband was at another location.  As they talked Eric told how he had just reached out and lifted her dress. He stroked her panties and then slipped them down and fingered her very wet pussy. She had not moved or made any objection. He had pulled out his hard cock and proceeded to fuck her right there on her desk. Marin got the job and the owner wanted to continue the affair. She would have Eric meet her in big box store parking lots in the next town.

Lyda lit another cigarette and wondered where all this was going. Eric seemed to be getting emotional.
 
`Car sex Eric? Really at your age!'

`Well I couldn't fuck Marin's boss in my house. It was bad enough she saw me fucking other women, if she saw me fucking Janet well then you know.'

A sudden panic grabbed Lyda's hart. `Eric no! Please tell me you didn't!'

`What? Didn't what?'

`Did you ......... ah did you ah do Marin?'

Eric was completely stunned. `Do Marin! Of course not Lyda! I mean God Damn it I'm not that much of a degenerate pervert!'
 
Eric had seen her naked and heard the sounds coming from her room when she was with Jason but that thought had never crossed his mind. 

Lyda relaxed, leaned back on the pillows and took a deep drag on the half burn cigarette. `Ok, OK I'm very glad to hear that but where is all this going?'

Eric took a breath and thought OK here you are so let's put it out there.
`Lyda I think I may be a sex addict. I can't seem to stop even with my daughter here in the house. I hoped I could but I just keep fucking women. I'm not sure what to do.'

They sat there for what seemed like minutes but in reality it was less than 15 seconds.

Lyda through her half smoked cigarette into the glass of ice tea that was serving as her ash tray, she screwed her face up and said in a mocking tone `Oh Lyda I'm a sex addict! Help me Lyda! Save me Lyda!'

Eric had not expected that response and drew back.

`You're just an asshole. Eric! That's what you are and that's what you've always been! A sex addict! God Damn it just admit it you like fucking! If you don't want to fuck some cunt then just don't fuck it! Say NO for God sake! Hell I like sex. I like fucking! I fucked some big black guy in the rental car garaged a few months back and I didn't hide what I did by coming up with some sex addict bull shit. I did it because I liked it and it was fun!

She was becoming furious and she fought for control. `Eric you like sex, I like sex, admit it and deal with it!  We just had sex, we fucked our brains out because we like it. Please, please be honest with yourself. And speaking of being honest how was my sister in bed.'

Her outburst had hit Eric like a physical force. It seemed to wash away all of his little props an excuses. Yes he did like sex and he loved fucking women, lots of different women. He loved that they wanted him. He even secretly enjoyed it when someone walked in and `caught' him in the act. Honest. She wants honest, well why not confirm what she has always known.

`Your sister was the same in bed as she is out, a total bitch'.

The anger faded from Lyda's face and she actually smiled. `Thank you, and my mother?'

`Your mother was a women, no a lady of absolute class. She knew how to have an affair with the utmost style, dignity and discretion.'

Once again to Eric's surprise that brought a smile to Lyda's face. `Tell me about her'.

`It was always in a four of five star hotel. She had the room rented by a third party, someone at her work I guess. She would be there first and open the door fully and stylishly dressed as always. After a drink she would excuse herself to change into something more comfortable.' Eric smiled at that phrase because it typified her style and grace. `She would appear in a long sheer thing with her body silhouetted in the light. Afterwards I left first and she followed and met a client or just had a drink at the hotel bar.'

Lyda nodded her head `Had she ... ah met you the day that illegal piece of crap put a bullet in her brain?'

`No, no I was here in Park City at the time and she may have been meeting a client at the bar, she did that you know.' No Eric thought it was not him but he did think he knew who it was but there was no point in bringing that up.
 
Lyda nodded and thought Eric had just unknowingly confirmed what she has suspected. Her mother had been killed seven years after the divorce and the fact that he did not say I had not seen her in years meant that he had. He may not have been the one screwing her on that day but she had been screwing her daughters ex husband after that very bitter divorce. Was she fucking him during the divorce? She almost asked but this much betrayal was enough for one day. She looked at Eric sitting across the bed from her all naked and manly looking and thought yes it's all out there and I feel....what do I feel? She looked and his cock and thought yes I will probably do it again.

`Well she had much more discretion then my father who, like you dear, couldn't keep his dick in his pants for 10 minutes'.

`How is he doing these days?'

`Oh he's in Florida with a pony tail half way down his back and he seems to be trying to work his way through all races and ethnicities. He's currently banging some 25 year old Chinese chick I think.'

`Oh and Eric if you do that foursome call me and not your girlfriend. That will just screw up your relationship with her and our relationship is already completely screwed!' Also the thought of Eric getting a dick jammed deep in his ass was a sight she couldn't pass up.

Eric laughed and said `OK Lyda but don't be surprised if I take you up on that so don't chicken out.'

She gave him a devilish grin and said `I wouldn't miss it for the world.'

`Now we still have time so why don't you place that piece of meat right between my legs were it belongs'

`Well dear I'm not sure we have time and I'm taking your talk to hart so the answer is NO.'

With that Eric got out of bed and put on shorts and a t-shirt. He offered Lyda a robe but she refused. It felt good being naked, the feel of the mountain air, the view, the feeling of total freedom.

She was standing on the deck sipping a glass of fresh ice tea when Marin walked in. Marin hugged her  mother and said `Mom! You've been smoking again!'

______________________   


Eric lay on the bed with his hands behind his head. He felt good. He felt very good in fact. Incredibly the talk with Lyda last week had been a watershed moment for him. The power of NO meant he was not a sex addict. He had control and he could use it.  It also gave him something else, a girlfriend. He looked at Suzanne as she stood on the deck and thought `yes a girlfriend, not a sort of but a friend, a partner? Maybe. She looked so good out there. She was not naked as so many women had been who stood on that deck. No, she had on just a light thin pull over that just covered her nice tight ass. When she moved her body showed in a delicious outline. She looked better than any naked women had out on that deck.
 
He thought about the power of NO. He had first used it on the Jackie, the owner of the shop where Marin worked. He was a bit disappointed she didn't breakdown and plead to keep the affair going, instead she agreed they should stop. She loved her husband and knew they shouldn't continue but she had held out a bit of hope by implying that maybe in the future if the need arose, maybe some quick relief would be in order. He then proceeded to give the same speech to his friend Mike's wife, then a waitress, then a hostess and then Joan. Joan was his friend and be was a silent partner in her Lingerie shop. She laughed and said `as an old stripper and sometime whore if we fuck Eric it's just a fuck'. He smiled at the memory and thought `she's right we are good friends and we will fuck but it's just a friend fuck nothing more.'

Suzanne looked at Eric lying there all naked and manly looking. She had to tell him. She had put it off all summer she told herself because of Marin. She knew that wasn't the real reason and besides he had been on a crazy fucking spree the whole summer. Sorority girls, sorority moms, that damn Ex, who knows how many others and of course her.
  
Her dream had come true. She had written a TV show and it was going into production soon. There was just one little hitch. She needed Eric's signature. The show was a reality show based on Eric and the sorority. It had lots of nudity and sex, well TV sex not porno sex but still sex. It was called Naked in Park City and she had written it all! It was her creation and she had sold it! The producers loved it but the lawyers had one concern, Eric. He could make trouble. They didn't think he could stop the show but he could make trouble, very expensive trouble. That's why she needed his signature on the document in her little case by her laptop. This was it! This was her ticket to the big time! The brass ring! He wouldn't stop her, would he? She just wasn't sure.
 
Maybe they should fuck again then talk. His dick looked so nice. Well, she thought, it always did. She reached out and touched it. Her fingers surrounded that wonderful shaft and began squeezing and stroking it. She moved over closer and so she could put her mouth on the head of the stiffening pole. She was startled when he said `before you fill your mouth do you want to tell me what's wrong?'

The look on her face told him he had guessed right, something was bothering her. He could also see that he would have to take the lead. He didn't really want to hear what he believed she was going to say, but if they were to be real girlfriend and boyfriend then they had to talk. If it was, well he should find out and find out now.

`Are you dumping me?' He shook his head. That sounded so childish.

`Let me try again, Are we over? Is it the other women? I am cutting back. Only doing the sorority girls and moms now.' He knew that was a bit of a lie but not a big one.

Suzanne sat up and laughed. `Cutting back, sounds like you're quitting smoking.' 
He was a bit annoyed that she laughed at what he thought of as quite an accomplishment and said `it is sort of the same thing.'

She let go of his dick, sat up straight and arranged some pillows and leaned back. OK here goes, I'm going to lay it all out and let the chips fall where they may. 

She laid out the whole story. How their first meeting had given her the idea. How she had been writing the scripts and developing the back stories all along. How she had secretly interviewed several of the sorority mothers. How she had sold the idea and the show. She did not tell him that the lawyers needed him to agree and sign the release. By the look on his face she thought he didn't quite understand what she was saying. She thought oh well I will have to go over this again and explain how good it is for everyone and not just me.

Although his face did not show it, Eric had grasped the situation almost instantly. He had the ability to quickly understand the heart of complex issues and what people were trying to explain or hide. It was the reason he was a successful ski condo rehabber and landlord. He had known for the past several weeks that she had something to say. Their sex had been good but not quite as intense. She had stopped cumming vaginally and she had put on that little cover up when she was out on the deck. As she talked about writing and creating the show Eric noticed that her nipple became very erect. He was certain that her pussy was wet.
 
There, she thought with relief, it was all out. Well, not all out. She still had to get him to sign the release but it was time for a dramatic pause, let him vent at her for using him, for her betrayal. Then she would calm him, sooth him, reassure him. What he did next surprised her.

 He took a deep breath, reached out his right hand and stroked her pussy. She was so surprised by his move that it didn't feel sexual as he moved his fingers along her lips and then entered her. She also didn't realize that she was wet, soaking wet.

`What will this do to us?' was his casual comment.

The word US struck her like a thunderbolt. She had expected, anger, hurt anything but US.
 
`Ah nothing, we can be fine. If you agree, Ah sign that you, us, we are good.'

So that was it. He had to agree, sign some sort of deal. He spread her legs wide and pulled her toward him.
 
US. His dick was hard and he was between her legs. `Eric there's more'. US ! Was that hard cock in her? It was! He was kissing her and fucking her. Her tongue went in his mouth and he sucked it hard. Her legs went straight up in the air as he fucked her. Her arms, where were her arms? Did she have arms? That tongue, he was driving deep in her, deeper than ever. Cock, tongue.

   OOOOOHHHHHH GOO ! OOOOOOHHHHHH CUMMMMMING !!!!

It was so big! God it was big and he was still fucking her, fucking her hard! She was still cumming. Oh keep fucking me! Fuck me forever!

    AAARRRRGGGG ! YAAAAAAAA  OOOOHHHHHHHH !!

He came inside her. Rope after rope of cum. There was the squishing sound as he slowly fucked her full cunt. She hadn't felt him get bigger. She always felt him get bigger before he came. 

A few minutes later he said `I will sign the deal'.
 
`You will? Thanks.' She didn't remember mentioning the release but the orgasm had been so big. 

`There are a few changes that will have to be agreed to before the deal is done.'

The orgasmic fog was clearing as she sat up. `Oh and what would those be?'

The name cannot be `Naked in Park City'. Make up a name or use another town but it cannot be linked to here where I and we live.'

WE! `I think that can be done'. It would be a problem because the producers liked the real town idea but she could work that out.

`You say reality, well I will not be in it and I don't think any of the real people or names should be, then it could be traced back to us.'

`Well Eric, reality is just a word. Actors will play the parts but some of the girls and moms may want the opportunity this will offer.'

`Maybe but I don't want Park City and all around to become a circus. We live here you know'.

WE ! `We will be able to work that out. It's done every day'.

`I want a million dollars.'

`Excuse me?' Did she just hear him say he wanted a million dollars?

`I'll take 90% of that from the premium channel income. I think we should do the show on two tracks. One is normal cable with nudity and such and a premium pay level with full fucking. Cocks, pussies, fucking, eating you know everything'.

She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Was he taking over the show? Her show! Her creation!

`A million dollars? That's a lot of money Eric and I'm not a porno writer. I didn't write a porno movie or show.'

`Come on Suzanne. You see the cable shows. Frontal nudity is common and so is naked fucking they just don't show cocks in pussies. Not yet that is and the first to do it will reap the rewards. You want to be big, to win big, well this is your chance. Take it.'

All she could say was `But a million dollars?'

`90% of that million will come from the premium channel. If it doesn't work, then no money'.

`Did you know about this?' she asked. She was still dealing with the shock but what he said was making sense. That was the way things were headed and if she got there first. But this was her show, her idea.

`No I didn't know but when I see a good opportunity I jump on it quick. That's what I do.'

The double meaning in that statement was not lost on Suzanne. She got out of bed, opened her case and brought the release back to Eric. For the next several hours they negotiated the terms. Emails were sent, phone calls made. Suzanne was impressed by Eric's negotiating skill and the speed with which he could get the others to reach agreement but she was also aware that she was losing some control of what was her creation. She was betraying her dream. But was she? Wasn't 90% or 80% or even 70% of the dream still better than no dream? Was that a betrayal or was that life? 

They printed out the new version of the release. Actually it was no longer a release it was a contract. Eric now received 5% of the million upfront and 95% in installments from the premium channel. He did win all the name changes but some of the girls and moms could and would be in the show. A younger man would play him. He thought that was a mistake but the suites had been adamant and Eric had given on that one point. 

Suzanne felt good, very good. The way was clear and the show would become a reality. Her dream was coming true. She was in the big time! True she had given a bit more than she wanted but those were just small betrayals. And then there was the US and WE. The sun felt so good on her naked skin! The view from the deck was wonderful! She spread her legs and the sun warmed her thighs and pussy.
   
Eric smiled as he watched her spread her legs to the sun. He was mixing drinks to celebrate the deal.  He didn't need the million dollars but it sure wouldn't hurt and she is such a gorgeous women. And of course there would be other women involved with the show. He frowned at that thought. Would he betray his new found policy of saying NO? I'll worry about that tomorrow he thought as he finished the drinks.

His phone buzzed and he saw a text from Lyda.

Lyda: `The date for the sale mom's china will work'. 
 
Eric: `OK'.

He smiled as he carried the drinks out to Suzanne. He handed her the martini glass and said let's drink to the show. She smiled and said `let's drink to US'.
They click the glasses and sipped the martinis. They were good. They burned all the way down.

The text message had been a code. The foursome was on.  

The End

Any comment please write to sgrad42@gmail.com
I may continue the saga when the feeling moves me. If you enjoyed the story or not let me know.
I'm always looking to improve. 
Thanks for reading.
